5	Deserve a 10 star for this outstanding performance and stage props and all the acts! Amazing million dollar stage with 6 feet deep water that turns into a flat/walk-able stage within seconds! Loved it! Buy tickets ahead of time, constant sold-out performance! Definitely go see it, it's by far, my favorite Cirque production!
4	Not as good as Ka or Mystere, but worth seeing.  Not as much variety as I would like.  I can only be entertained by people diving into water for so long.  Loved what they did with the curtain at the end.
4	I was duly impressed. The show was FANTASTICALLY AMAZING!!! I swear I spent over 90% of the time sitting at the edge of my seat trying to drink in all the sights and sounds. There was constantly something happening on the stage and off the stage. The pool's design was impressive. i kept trying to figure out what kind of engineering/architectural requirements would be needed to achieve the various effects. the music was awsome. the various acts were just .... well... amazing.
5	This contemporary, artistically interpreted circus is mind-blowing.  But that's putting it too simply.  When you sit there, your eyes are darting every which way, hoping to capture everything that is going on stage.The performances are top notch, from the synchronized swimming to the difficult gymnastic moves.  You can't help but admire the performers for their flexibility and utter strength.  There are touches of erotica from the lithe movements of the dancers to humor with the two wayward clowns.The stage is really...AWESOME!  One moments, the wooden boards slide to complete a stage for dancers to get on.  The next moment, wooden boards are sliding every which way to reveal a pool for divers and synchronized swimmers.  The transitions are flawless!I can't really tell you about how beautiful, wonderful, awe-inspiring the show is.  Once you get there, you cannot help but become mesmerized.  This is def one of the best shows I've ever seen.
4	For the most part, a great show. 2 complaints - (1) the clowns were just plain creepy not funny, (2) it ran a little long and tends to get repetitive at the end. You can only see someone do the same flip so many times before it stops being impressive.
3	Maybe it's the overdose of Cirque du Soleil shows we get bombarded with annually in the Bay Area because I was really disappointed in O's performance.  Mystere set the standard for me in my mind years ago and people told me O was 10 times better with water.  I had to wake myself up a couple of times throughout the show.  There were a few highlights, but they didn't outweigh the low points of the performance.  Even the clown acts between acts, I was like "What the hell are they doing?"  I wish I saw Zumanity or Le Reve instead!
5	This is a must see show in Vegas for anyone that's visiting! If you are a fan of Cirque Du Soleil, this show tops all others! The stage design and props are just simply mindblowing and the performers were incredible! Definitely check this out and buy tickets ahead of time since it's known to be sold out.P.S. Tickets are expensive so don't bring anyone who doesn't appreciate the arts! I brought my mom and my aunt and they both fell asleep because it was a late night show and they're used to sleeping early!! Wasted my money! growl!
4	Good but it's not my fave (mystere is).It pays to butter up your concierge/casino host for good tickets. Cuz some of them get wet!!! (Yuck, especially if you are wearing your new Marc Jacobs!)
2	Never been to a Cirque show before and after much reviewing and friend influences to go see these shows - we reviewed 'o', got the most expensive seats and really looked forward to it... VERY DISAPPOINTED... lots of non-sense... randomness... no story line (and that could be my fault for expecting a story), stunts/acrobatics... blah, nothing out of this world... u see better stuff on TV. Water acrobatics? Please... bunch of people diving in and out of a water with cute costumes... and that is really it - lots of eye-candy... nice costumes and that is all... music was terrible... not my taste at all... was expecting something more eclectic/operatic.... very pop-Hindi cookie cutter compositions. What saved the show? The clown interludes were real funny... real cute... and well done. In a nutshell... I am a very open-minded person, cultured and artsy and really anything goes but this show inspires nothing. I went to this particular show because it had the best ratings everywhere I looked. But still, I don't regret not going - at least I know what they are about (will never pay to see another one). If you are unsure - trust me, get the cheap seats - at least you can say you've done a show. But expect no storyline, sub par acrobatics/stunts, lots of non-sense movement and sequences... very long, and emotionless. People next to me were oohing and aahing - I can't understand why - if you are easily amused, think germans cars are better then japanese cars, have and ipod but use a pc, use ShutterFly instead of Flickr, or use Hotmail/Yahoo instead of Gmail - then you will like it - if not, you know there are better things out there. Hope this helps... I could have used a young, urban, real-rating to this show.
5	I love Cirque du Soleil's "O". I have seen a few of their traveling ones, but this one, by far, is the best!  The very first time I saw it, I sat in the nose bleeders - way up top against the wall.  From this angle, you can see everything, from the moving stage to the scuba divers underneath.  It gives you a great overall view of the whole stage.  This experience was back in 2000 and I was just overwhelmed with it.  I knew I would one day go back again and see it.I finally made my way back there in March of this year and sat in the second row.  From this angle, I could see the fine detailing of the costumes and makeup.  And the performers actually engage and play with the audience when you're up that close.  This was a totally different experience because although you could not appreciate the grand scheme of the show, you can really pay attention to certain performers, etc.The next time I go, I'm headed to the middle seats...I hope from there I can get a combination of the two...close enough for facial expressions, but far enough to see the grand scheme of things.  A must see show in Vegas!And yes, I love the music!  It's great!  I like to think of "O" being someone's nightmare (From Jennifer Lopez's The Cell kind of nightmares) and bringing it to their reality.  There's something very costume partyish of the whole thing.
5	I have to admit that I'm a Cirque Du Soleil junkie, and this is one of my favorites (next to Mystere).  The one thing that the Vegas Cirque shows have over the traveling shows is that the sets are amazing - in this case O has its constantly changing pool.  The acrobatics are what you'd expect in a Cirque show, and the synchronized swimming featured here truly becomes something beautiful and surreal rather than the cheesiness you'd see when watching synchronized swimming for the Olympics (my apologies to synchronized swimmers).  This show has everything I love about Cirque - the eclectic music, fantastic acrobatics, so much action you don't know where to look and funny little clown interludes.  I suggest to get seats in the middle of the theater, the first time I watched it I had cheaper seats that were on the side and I missed a bit of what happened, though it didn't take away from the experience at all.  If you've got the time and money, definitely make this one of your stops in Vegas!
5	This is a must see!  No words can describe what you'll experience though I will poorly attempt it.The "O" show tickets are expensive, 93.50 to 150 per ticket, but it is worth every penny paid.  The old saying, "you get what you pay for" applies here.  From start to finish, the performers will have you laughing and gasping and wanting more.  The acrobats and divers perform maneuvers that no normal human being should ever attempt.Make sure to plan ahead.  This isn't a show where you can just decide to buy tickets to the night of.  I would suggest planning at least a month ahead, especially if it's a weekend show.
5	O is for OUTSTANDING!!!This is the finest show in LV, IMHO.  Fantastic huge water pool with the ultimate in hydraulics.  One minute high divers are plunging in, and the next minute, the aquamaids are dancing on the same place where the divers just went in.  Incredible. Great costumes and superb athletes now performers.  They ladies in the water are all from the Canadian Olympic synchonized swim team.  Very good. Clowns are hilarious. Master show put on by a master company with master performers. Plan way ahead.  Pay the ticket price and go see. You will be amazed.
5	I loved O!!! I've seen it twice, have the picture book and the soundtrack is great for when your chilling in traffic. Beautiful, magical, and awesome!
5	This is an amazing show.  The acrobatics, the water, the costumes, the set designs... I could go on and on.  I've seen the show twice now and both times left completely mesmerized.  The clowns on the houseboat were so adorably funny.The water filled stage and risings will have you completely filled with astonishment.  It's definitely worth paying for the higher priced ticket.
4	WOW!!! HOW CAN THEY DO THAT????I had a very good time seeing this performance. When the show started we saw a girl hanging from the very high ceiling!! Man that made my heart almost ran out.The prob was so great and also the costumes. We saw a lot of performers jumped into the pool one after another in different styles. I'm still wondering how can they do that? May be it wasn't a show, it's a CG!! Who knows? j/k Anyway it worth to see it.
5	After reading some of the lower marked reviews of O on yelp I was worried that I would not enjoy my O experience as much as I thought I would.  WRONG, it was worth every cent.  Our seats were off to the side a bit but that made no difference.  My companion claims that his palms were sweating just watching the gymnasts in there gravity defying stunts.  If I hit it big I want a pool just like that installed at my pad!
5	Both time I've seen this show I've paid through the nose for it..  but its totally worth it! The first time I saw it I was in the second row.. you could see all the detail of the the performers but not see the whole grand scheme of things. The second time I saw it I sat in the middle area.. I like it MUCH better b/c I could see the whole stage and all the little things they have going on in the back, sides, etc.Onto the performance..   Its very dreamy like b/c the water stage emits a bluelike aura while these fishlike people fly around in the air. The whole moveable water stage concept is genius..  I'd love to run up there one day in the middle of the act and flop around like a fish out of water.. the audience will think its part of the act! =)
5	Absolutely beautiful.  I think my mouth was open most of the time, and I'm glad there weren't flies about (just people flying, and they're bigger.  And sexier.  And waterproof, apparently!)One of my friends that attended with me joked (okay, somewhat lamely) that the show is called O because everyone keeps breathlessly sighing or marveling "Ooooooh!"  But maybe she's right.Some quick specific thoughts:- I sat in row M.  If I had my choice, I'd sit in maybe row D or E.  I'd rather see expressions and subtle movements, even at the slight expense of getting "the overall picture."  Row M wasn't bad at all, though.- The expensive seats are $165 after tax.  That hurts.  Shockingly, I still think it was worth it, and I may attend again when I'm in Vegas next year.- My three friends and I got last minute tickets (and, as noted, fine seats) by arriving just over two hours prior to a Thursday early show.  I'm guessing this'd be much less successful Fri-Sun.  And we got the *last* remaining tickets.  So I'd indeed recommend booking ahead or -- if you're available to see a show on a weekday, get there (the box office, next to the theatre) 2.5 hours early and bring a snack to eat in line.- I didn't quite click with the clown scenes.  Cute, but not particularly funny or entertaining.- Sure, the feats of the performers were insanely amazing, but I was more taken by the artistic creativity and beauty of the show.  There were a few sections in which I thought, hmm, maybe this is a bit repetitive, but overall, the show captured and held my attention strongly.- Gotta pee?  Go well *before* the show starts, or you'll be pretty frustrated with, well, all the water around ;).  And there's no intermission!- O is in the Bellagio hotel, and the buffet there is outstanding!  My friends and I were amazed at the quality and diversity of food that was available for our 9:30pm dinner!  And, unlike most buffets, (non-alcoholic) drinks are included at no extra price... including fresh-squeezed OJ.  Yum!Anyway, go see the show.  Quite an experience! :)
4	I'm a Cirque nut.  What they are capable of is earthshattering, and I love getting to worship the human body with that many other people.The concept is breathtaking, and the skills are incredible at this show.  The one major flaw is that there is just too much happening. I think in order to appreciate O, you would need to see the show about 4 times, and each time, it needs to be from a separate angle.  Be in the top area to watch the aerialists at eye level.  Also, you can look down and watch what's happening underwater.  That's impressive.Be close to the stage to see the effect from sea level.  The music is good, but just a bit too busy to end up with a really likeable soundtrack.
4	The other reviews have gone into much more detail than I could, so suffice it to say... O is mindblowing.  The technical aspects, the staging, the live musicians, the costuming, and the sheer amount of talent on that stage.   It's above and beyond anything else.Just go...  It's not to be missed.
4	I bought tickets by calling them, and found that it was better than buying online tickets because you can be really specific about where you want to be seated and ask them for their personal advice (though one of the ladies that worked there was absolutely rude).Anyway, the show was amazing and the stage is incredible.  I have to say that despite all the hype and how everyone says it's the best Cirque du Soleil show.... I can't agree for some reason... I've also watched Alegria and Corteo.
5	MY FAVORITE CIRQUE DU SOLEIL.  although, i just saw LOVE and it comes very close.  the pool is fantastic, its amazing, with cute and funny parts mixed in as always.  dragone is the fucking man!  it's gorgeous.  you must go see it and you must splurge on good seats.  i luuuurve O
5	Told in a way that only Cirque du Soleil can, O is an amazing show of gymnastics, acrobatics, contortionists, synchronized swimming, and diving.  You can't help but truly appreciate what the human form can do and you might even be inspired to hit the gym or try a yoga class (just be sure not to hurt yourself trying to re-enact something you see at the show).  And in addition to the amazing performers, you'll also be amazed at the engineering marvel that is the stage.  A huge swimming pool with a sectioned floor that can rise and submerge while keeping virtually all of the water in the tank???  Fantastic!The only other thing I can say is that even though the front row seats cost more, they aren't, in my opinion, the best seats in the house.  Because there is so much going on in the show, I would actually recommend seats further back so that you can see everything going on on stage.  A must see if you're in Vegas!
5	Excellent show - the must see Cirque show in Vegas.  We had seats in the 2nd row center, and did get splashed a very small amount once during the show - I believe they disclaim the first 3 rows at potential "wet" seats, but we didn't have any problem.
4	It's hard to call "O" a "show."  I like to think of it as little dreamy vignettes.Last night was my second sitting at "O" at the Bellagio.  And it really is dreamy. (honestly it was so friggin hot in there i fell asleep....twice.)My fav of the Cirque shows is still "Ka", but, "O"  has so many fantastic technical moments, it's hard to keep ones jaw shut.From curtain up, which I mean literally.  The huge red curtain flies up and into the back of the stage reveling a performance space that almost mirrors the size of the seating arena in size. Like most Cirque experiences there's not real plot, but a through character that we are meant to identify with as he stumbles through the adventures of diving acrobats and flying horses.  It's charming and worth the ticket.  The hard part about coming to Vegas is really picking which Cirque show you wanna see.  ( believe me there are plenty to choose form and more on the way) But, "O" is a solid choice, if not just for the fact that the stage transforms from lake to solid ground every 3 minutes.
5	I have tried to explain this to people after seeing the performance.  It was at least 8 months ago and I still have no way of verbalizing what I saw.  "Simply astonishing" is what I fall back to but that doesn't do Cirque du Soleil - 'O' any justice at all.I know tickets to this run $150 a piece and up, so I had no expectation of going.  But we got hooked up with free tickets from my buddy's boss.  And they were the best in the house.  Lower half, center section, half way up, middle of the row.  Breathtaking.  I was beat from the day and all I wanted to do was take a nap before the show.  But there was NO way I was skipping out on this.  Next time (hopefully free as well) I will have my undivided attention on the stage.
5	My group paid $200/ticket, but sat center, 3rd row from stage..designated "wet seats". I don't think anyone really got wet though, except for a few slight drips here and there, but that's probably for the better...now on to the show.   Of Cirque shows, I've only seen Mystere so far, and am anxiously awaiting my next Vegas trip so I can watch Ka.  Anyway "O" is definitely amazing.  Like Mystere and other similar gymnastic type shows, you can't really describe the show itself. There's just so much going on at the same time, and it's hard to follow. But from what  I understand it's about one man's journey through the mystical world of "O" that I guess involves a lot of water.  The costumes, gymnastics, dancing, music, singing, diving, fire shows, everything was amazing.   Well except for pricing of snacks and drinks, but that's normal at a show (especially being at Bellagio).  The pricing is high for your typical show, but it's about on par for Cirque shows, but do buy early. We bought our tickets about two months in advance, and we still had to get the good seats from a "scalping website".    As some have said, "O" is a little more traditional, and can seem a little slow at times, but it's still a very good show. The two clowns who have small little performances in between I assume set changes and etc...were very funny.  One of the clowns "Ay ya ya" and his little laughs, had my group and I reciting it over and over again =). I must say though that the complexity of the stage (the 1.5 million gallon pool) that becomes land and water w/in seconds is amazing.  I highly recommend this show.  ~G
4	Just saw the show and LOVED it! Paid $165 for left-of-center seats in the 6th row and it was TOTALLY worth it. What it lacks in narrative, it makes up for in sheer imagination, daring and beauty. Everything from the costumes to the curtains are used to create an environment that's part dream and part fairy tale.I've given it 4 stars cause the last half wasn't as spectacular as the first. Notice, I say spectacular cause the second half was wonderful, but the first was breath taking.
5	Absolutely amazing.  It could have been better if I hadn't passed out for most of the show.  Too much boozing pre-show, no good.
4	O is very impressive.  The acrobatic acts they perform can be found in other cirque type shows but presentation of all that is what makes it cool.  What impressed me the most was the stage.  The stage transforms from water to solid ground which I think is a technical achievement in itself.  I don't want to spoil any surprises... but let me say I was in awe from the moment the curtain lifted.TIP: while front row seats sound good, with a show with so much going on (and a splsh zone), I recommend getting seats a couple of rows back.
5	Dedicated to Alex Breyman, the lover of Cirque du Soleil.So beautiful, and memorable. I still rock the soundtrack. It was about 5 years ago now that my family saw this show in Las Vegas, but I still remember it like it was yesterday. Allegria is also fascinating, but there's something about the water in this show that still captivates my imagination.
5	I thought it was fantastic:  beautiful, different, interesting.
5	This is seriously, THE best cirque show that I have ever seen. The music is so moving. Worth every dollar of the $150 I spent! If you have not yet done so, see this show - its just breathtaking.
5	One of my favorite Cirque du Soleil shows ever.  The incorporation of water with the acrobatics is really amazing.  Definitely worth seeing if you are in Las Vegas.  I especially loved the circus act -- aiyaiyai!!!
4	It is pretty difficult to say more than has already been said by the great reviews.  I thought the show was fantastic.  The acrobatics were amazing and the incorporation of a pseudo story line kept you alert to the different areas of activity on the stage.  The diving is truly incredible and had me on the edge of my seat.For the most part, the music was good but it gets a bit repetitive and would be better if there was something more familiar.  The choreography was remarkable and the set was unlike anything out there.  My only real complaint is the clowns.  I know that the performers have to rest and change clothes...but the clowns were boring.  It was funny the first couple times but by the end I was falling asleep during their sketches.  That needs some revamping.All in all, I think it is worth the money and highly entertaining.  The Cirque shows are a Vegas must.  I thought Love was great and am looking forward to catching Mystere next time.
4	I love Cirque du Soleil and they were the main reason I wanted to go to Vegas.  But due to the high cost of the shows I can't see all of them in one sitting (unless I gambled, maybe then I'd win enough money to see them all).This was my first trip to Vegas and walked in after stuffing myself silly at the buffet next door. (so good! on friday/saturday evening's it's a premium buffet complete with Kobe Beef)  I loved the show and the only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because I couldn't follow the story.  I've seen Alegria, Mystere, & La Nouba (Orlando) and had no problem following the storyline.  This one had me confused and I'm still confused as I have no idea what the plot of the show is.  However, that aside it was fun to watch and I loved the music, as usual.
5	To echo pretty much everyone else: Awesome!!!  I was mesmerized the entire time by this amazing show, which says a lot considering it had no easily discernable plot.  Maybe it's because I used to be a swimmer, so the synchronized splashing antics and incredible diving made me want to get in the pool... or maybe it's because there seems no humanly possible way people can get their bodies to hold the positions that these gymnasts do... or maybe it's just because they have so many things going on simultaneously that you don't even need a plot to keep your entire brain occupied.  Truly one of the most unique displays I've ever seen!
2	Yes, indeed, I am the man who called "Bull.... Baloney".   (Hey, kids read this website too.)   The title "O" makes good sense, as in "Oh I can't believe I wasted this much money on this show."    I can't believe this show has a 4.5 star rating after almost 50 reviews.   I am a fan of most Cirque du Soleil shows and this one really disappointed me.   The story line was not there... at least the other shows have some theme.   This seemed to be a collection of random thoughts by some drunk monkey.   Ok, I could have been wowed by some really cool acrobatics or other neat feats.   But, nope, I was really disappointed.   The theater seating was horrible, we were on the side seating of the balcony so we were almost looking down on the watery stage.   All of the magic was lost when we could clearly see what the cast was doing underwater.    It ain't pretty folks.   Save your time and money.   Go see Zumanity or Ka instead.
5	I've seen Ka, Mystere, Dralion, Varakai, Zumanity, and O.  Of course, Zumanity is pretty cool cause you get to see tittays.  You don't get that in O.  Nevertheless, O is a wonderful experience.  O was hands down the best show.  Everything from the stage, to the story, to the music.   It's purely magical.  Unlike Mystere and Dralion that feel like a collection of street acts (which is at the heart of Cirque du Soleil), and Ka's floating stage which really felt like a gimmick, the use of water gave the entire show an ethereal feel, as if you're watching a dream come to life.
3	As I am an absolute fan of Cirque du Soleil and I must see them all I ran to watch "O" as well. I've heard marvelous rants and reviews about the show and about how much they spent on the stage and i was expecting to be blown away. I found that the stage was probably the most interesting thing about this show. I've seen Saltimbanco, Dralion, La Nouba, Mystere, Zumanity, and some more that are escaping my mind at the moment, but this show was my least favorite of them all. The most memorable scene is the end as the piano descends into the water to their title track "O".
5	Amazing show, the performers are so talented and the whole performance is well put together. I never knew you could do so much acrobatic acts in the water. I love how everything is so synchronized. The contortionists... ouch. The whole show is mind blowing!The stage is the craziest thing ever!! It transforms into water and back to solid ground and back into water. Be careful if you sit in the front because you will be splashed! Wonderful show!
5	Hands down the best show on the strip.  I've seen the other cirque due soleil shows and this one is the grandest.
5	Granted I have never seen other Cirque du Soleil shows, O was "off the hook" amazing. My friends who have seen all the other CduS shows agree that O is difficult to beat. The entire time, I was on the edge of my seat, and my back never touched the back of the seat. My lips rotated between, "Woah" and "Oh my gosh" until I got sick of hearing myself. Before the show, there is a photographer that takes a picture against this abstract O carpet backdrop. She develops the pictures into these keepsake O bi-fold album. That was the best souvenir ever!The clowns were so cute. In the first sketch, the clown kept singing, "Ai ya yaaaa" in a cute tune that I thought could be written into the soundtrack. Furthermore, there were very very very very subtle homosexual themes, which I thought was pretty forward-thinking especially for a family-oriented show with possibly conservative tourists (that is if they even pick up on it).The stunts and acrobatics were amazing. I can imagine the pain that these divers had to endure while breaking the strong hydrogen bonds over and over again. The transition between land and water was great. Friends and I had loge seating, which I think is on the cusp of a great view and crappy view. I would avoid the nose bleeder seats.And I have no idea why the show is called "O." Perhaps "O" for "O"perator. Just try not to think too hard and not to try to figure out the mechanics of the stage. I think most people end up not enjoying the show because they are seeking a plot and trying to second guess the staging. Just sit back, I mean sit on the edge your seat, and enjoy the show.
1	One word.....yawn...both my wife and i fell asleep in our seats that cost over two benjamins each
5	This show was amazing.  It was well worth the 130 dollars for obstructed view seats.  The storyline was pretty linear, although it did get kind of confusing at the end.  It's not even the story that matters though, as much as the beauty of the choreography.  The only thing that sucked about this was the creepy guy at the souvenir shop that was telling us about his "beauty sleep."
5	This was a fantastic show.  It plays with the ideas of earth, air, water, and fire using the amazingly versatile stage, which splits into different sections and raises and lowers to give either solid ground, a thin film of water, or water deep enough to dive into from the air.  My favorite parts were the trapeze acts, my least favorite were the clowns.  I nearly nodded off during one of their scenes, but the rest more than made up for it.  I was very happy with our second row balcony seats, which allowed for a good overall view of all the different things happening concurrently on stage and above the stage.  Some of the people in the orchestra section got climbed over and splashed on by water effects, so as I'm not big on unintended participation in a show I was quite relieved to be way out of reach.   Before the show I was a bit worried about getting the tickets - they warn you that in order to get your prepaid tickets you must have the confirmation printout and ID, and they reserve the right to resell your tickets if you haven't picked them up by an hour before showtime.
5	There is simply no better show in Vegas and "O" is by far the best of the Cirque Du Soleil shows.  The arena / concert hall that it is performed in is top notch and with a dark decor that sets the mood just perfectly as the seats are comfortable from the balcony to the wet seats.  I prefer the wet seats as you are closest to the action and no one really gets all that soaked from the water acts.The choreography is breathtaking, the singing (in their unknown lyrical language) is fantastic, and they feature some of the most beautiful ballet, acrobatics, gymnastics one could ask for.  The story is clear, yet there is no dialogue throughout the entire show.  Its artsy, but downright impressive.  Words can't possibly describe the magnitude of this show and the Bellagio should thank their lucky stars to have landed such an amazing gem of a show that will hopefully continue for years on end.
5	I've have to say that I'm enamored with Cirque de  Soleil. O is my 2nd one I have seen. My brother took me to this show when I took another trip to see him. (He has a house in Summerlin).This performance is at the Bellagio which is a good hotel in Vegas.O is a water themed Cirque du Soleil show. I was once again amazed.The only minus I have about the show is that there is a lot of action going on so you do miss some stuff but, you get the overall picture.The synchronization is just amazing. I was holding my breath praying that none of the performers would make a mistake. They be cutting it really close some time.The clowns are a good addition to the show but my favorite part is the automated stage that would disappear in section into the water and then reappear with performers on it. I still find that amazing and a little mind numbing.I appreciate how the institution has performers that a from around the world, instead of from a certain region. This really adds more depth and dimension to the show.The tickets are bit pricey but I didn't pay...lolBut it's worth the money!
4	We sat at the middle toward the front and really enjoyed this show. I saw Le Reve last year but thought that O is more beautiful and less boring in terms of the background settings. Le Reve is good in terms of the technicality of the gymnasts performance. O has more of a variety in terms of scenery
5	Besides the weird crying(?) clown, it was an amazing show.  The seating location had a lot to do with it.  Perfect center, middle stage.  The illusions were perfect and the performances had no flaws.  Considering how many there are, that's simply amazing.As always, impeccable and beautiful music!O is great!  I would recommend it for any evening event when in Vegas!!!It's also an excellent event to do with family.
4	All in all, I think it is worth the money and highly entertaining, even though I was falling asleep a few times.  My only real complaint is the clowns. A little to much going on to focus on everything because there was too much going on. For the most part, the diving is truly incredible and had me on the edge of my seat. The acrobatics were amazing and they feature some of the most beautiful ballet, acrobatics, & gymnastics. Beautiful!
5	if this show was a man, i would marry him.
5	The ultimate Cirque du Soleil show.  Would be hard to see any Cirque show after this one.  Amazing
5	It's an incredible experience.  We sat in the very front row and I got invited on stage at one point.  Just a tip:  front row tickets sometimes become available at the last minute.  I've gotten very, very good seats this way.  It's worth the money.  You're in Vegas, have a good time!
5	I haven't been to too many of these shows, but it was pretty awesome. I'd recommend you spring for the best seats you can get.  They are pretty ridiculously expensive, but it is worth it.  We sat in the third row and you can see a lot more detail regarding what is going on in the water.  We had to make reservations a couple months in advance, but it was worth it.I have no idea what the plot of the thing was - it was definitely artsy fartsy, which would have annoyed the hell out of me if the acrobats hadn't been awesome to watch.And don't buy popcorn while you're watching the show.  That makes you look like a tool.
5	I went into this show with incredibly high expectations because I had heard so much hype. I have previously seen Mystere and as amazing as that show is, it really can not be compared to 'O.' This show is beyond what you can imagine and beyond any Cirque Du Soleil you may have seen on tv. Usually, when I have such high hopes I am disappointed but instead, I was still blown away as it was beyond even my wildest dreams. The show is set on this giant pool where the floor comes up to an inch of water to so deep you have divers jumping at least 5 stories into a small pool of water. Without giving a lot away, I'll end this by saying you owe it to yourself to see this show. Yes, it's the most expensive Cirque show in Vegas at around $150 a ticket but trust me, it's worth every penny and then some. It's so impressive, I'd go again.
5	My favorite show in Vegas!!  This show has absolutely ruined every other show in Vegas for me.  KA? Absolute shite.  Le Reve?  Couldn't believe it was $150 a ticket.  O??  If they charged $200 a ticket, I would've gladly paid for it.  Just the best show out there!!!
2	I was very disappointed in this one.
4	In alot of ways, this is a typical Cirque show:Clowns...Didn't quite understand this bunchCostumes...Awesome as usualUnbelievable Performers...When you can dive into a pool from the ceiling, you have earned my respectMusic...Like the clowns, didn't quite understand itThe show is worthwhile in terms of staging and performance.  Cirque does blow you away....
5	Spellbinding.  The engineering that went into the creation of that stage is nothing short of genius.  Loved all of it, even though it did cost me $150.  No matter--front row seats, would have paid more.  Everyone tells me that after having seen this one first, all other Cirque shows will fall short.  Oh well.  Maybe I'll just see this one over (and over...and over) again!Not to be missed.
5	I've seen Alegria (in Philadelphia, PA) and was pleased to see the same high quality presentation and music in O. The high-divers, cross-divers, and the guy who was chillaxing while on fire were all amazing, as were the endless list of other performers that were there.O took it to the next level with their diving pool stage/setup. Watching folks swim synchronously and never come up for air (not from this side of the pool, that is), and watching folks slowly sink into the water without a care and not come back up was as mysterious as a Cirque du Soleil show can get.O kept my attention the entire time - recommended!
2	I read a lot of reviews that said this show was over rated and didn't believe them... well, now that I've seen it, I'm afraid I have to agree with the less than stellar reviews.  I really wanted to like it, but it seems like the star of the show is the stage, and I guess that's not really why I'd go see a Cirque show.  It was slow, the clowns were not interesting, and I really only liked a couple of the acts.  There's no denying that the cross divers were quite impressive, but the other acts were a bit ho hum.  The show was OK, but I hear that Le Reve and Love are much better and cost a lot less.
5	Amazing, amazing show.  Its like everything you can just dream about, they make it happen in O.   I appreciate the intricate details of the entire show, down to the color of the costumes, the way the curtain pulls up, the (sometimes) live singers also in costume, clown's makeup, stage backdrops...I loved it all.  That on top of the obvious world class talent of the performers and the direction of the show (such as, in some acts, where do the swimmers go after they have dove in, because they don't come back...makes you wonder just how incredible the pool/stage is engineered).Truly, I've seen 5+ different Cirque shows and this FAR outperforms the rest.  Not that I wouldn't give 5 stars to all the other shows from Cirque, but this sets the bar incredibly high.  Like others have said, since seeing this show, NOTHING else in Vegas can compare and its hard to even appreciate other Cirque "land based" shows.
5	I would have to say it's was one of the best shows I've ever seen! I've seen a couple other Cirque du Soleil shows and O was the best! Le Reve was similar with the water and fire but it didn't come close to how good O was!  I recommend this show to everyone of all ages.
5	they say," your first cirque will always be your favorite."  maybe i was lucky or it just is, but i lost my cirque cherry to o... oh, o.this is one of the TOP THREE best cirque shows in the world!!  check out my list to see where they all stand: http://www.yelp.com/list_details?list_id=yQFdq5_1fvcdwo17p08c_wo is a water show. know that you can get wet if you sit too close to the performance. ...yes, this includes the balcony, as some performers may wander.  -- stars based on category, not food
5	I have seen all the Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas, some multiple times, and most all of their road shows. You can't really go wrong with any of them unless you, for some reason, decide to take your kids to Zumanity-its an adult show.   As with all their shows the music, sets, costumes, performers are outstanding and meld together a magical theme. In this case an interesting mix of fire and water. Many have already written up this show so I'll simply direct you to a good video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X8WfVMvuu3o of scenes.Go to their web site and make reservations early for the best seats.
5	Sunday night I partied like it was 1999, meaning I saw my first Cirque du Soleil show. We saw O at Bellagio - It was everything I'd hoped it would be. In keeping with my 1999 theme I'll simply say that it was all that and a bag of chips.
5	Simply AMAZING...This Cirque's concept is truly incredible in how it incorporates water. The stage is so freaking cool. The performers are super talented. The show was just OFF THE HOOK.Really pricey, but well worth every penny. :)
2	I normally wouldn't give such a low score, but it is sadly deserved in this case. I've gone to a couple of Cirque du Soleil shows in the past, and none were as badly executed as this one. Generally speaking, I purchase the best seats in the house when it comes to watching shows (unless it's comedy, you don't need a perfect view to enjoy funny- for the most part, at least). I paid $165 for Orchestra seats, which are the "best seats in the house." I expect that from my vantage point, I'd get to see everything, which I pretty much did, however, what I didn't expect to see was the numerous and blatant mistakes made by the cast of the O show. My friends and I flew into Vegas and with a flight out of SFO that was delayed 3x, we were stressed that we wouldn't make the pick up time for tickets. Via calling in advance to hold our tickets after explaining our situation, we missed the first 10 minutes of the show, but was able to see most of it. It was one of the girls first time watching a show. She was all excited and at the end, quite disappointed. The only question she could ask was, "were there supposed to be that many mistakes?" Yes, there was a missed connection on a swinging catch (the person dropped into the water), there was a girl who was thrown, but not caught (she sadly did not only hit the water, but a part of the stage floor), there were dropped fire patons, dropped props, etc. Although mistakes are expected on occasion, I didn't expect to see so damn many. And it's not even a traveling show! It's one in which their stage is ALWAYS the same and one that has been running for quite some time now. Needless to say, I felt a little ripped off at the end of the night. Overall, the concepts, costumes and theatrics were great. The execution was poor and I was sorely disappointed. :( I've heard from others that the show was mistake free so maybe we just went on an off night?I would have given the show 3 stars, but the ticket checker was a bit rude.
5	I only have snippets of other Cirque performances to compare this to, but I loved it.  I was definitely digging my fingers into my mom's arm for a good chunk of the time.  I thought for sure someone would go flying too far off of that little swing thing and land in the audience.  I can only imagine the effort that goes into putting these shows together - the time spent rehearsing, the money, the number of employees working behind the scenes. . . worth it!  It looks so effortless and the death defying feats almost seem doable by the average girl sitting slack jawed in the audience.  Don't worry, I won't actually try any of it.  I can't even touch my toes these days, let alone fly through the air with the greatest of ease.
4	minimum of $100 a ticketthere's no actual storyline, but it's still a damn good time.the show is really amazing, just go in and relax. there's so much going on at once.and wow the music that goes along with the show is live. you can see the musicians playing their violins, cellos, and other instruments in the sideboxes to the right and left of the stage.the only part of the show i didn't really enjoy were the short parts with the clown, i felt like it didn't fit in with the rest of the program.i do realize they did these as a comedic relief / break in between for the other performers, but they could've done something a little more relative to the show.+ intricate, unique, beautiful performances+ interesting combination of elements and mediums- tickets are sold out  for practically every show
5	I saw 'O' when it first opened many years ago.  I recently went back again.  Among all the Cirque du Soleil shows, 'KA' and 'O' rank 1st and 2nd on my list.  'O' is oh so beautiful!  The flawless execution of synchronized swimming, the amazing water stage that changes constantly with every act, the incredible performers dangling high on the stage and jump into the pool (which almost gave me a heart attack the first time I saw it!), and all the signing, dancing, acrobats made this a must-see show in Vegas!   No words can describe how exceptional this show is.  You have got to see it yourself then you'd understand the meaning of 'blown away'!
5	Wow, what an amazing show!  Daring stunts, a crazy tricked out stage that turns into waterl, beautiful special effects and lighting, hilarious clown acts....I was super impressed with O.  I highly recommend it. It was my second Cirque du Soleil show.  I heard the other Vegas Cirque shows are also good, but I can definitely see what all the rave surrounding O is about. You have to see it!  (Just to paint a better picture of my experience - I sat in section 103 Row K...you actually might get a little wet if you sit in Row A or B).
5	I have to say that, so far, this is the best show in Vegas! I was very impressed with the performers, and I'm pretty sure you would too if you saw this show. I was lucky enough to sit in the front row for our show, so I got a little wet from all the splashing and diving into the humongous pool. What those people can do with their bodies....GEEZ! One of my favorite parts was the high diving scene. It's such a nice show! I thought Le Reve was impressive...but this definitely topped all of Dragone's shows for me.
5	The first time I saw this show, my jaw dropped from the moment the curtain magically disappeared into the theater.  Sounds strange, but I don't know how else to describe it.  It doesn't just go up like your standard stage curtain.  So don't be late!  Performers run across the stage one minute, and then next, someone is doing a high dive into the same area.  The staging of this show is pure art.  The set design is incredible.  True to Cirque du Soleil style, the costumes are amazing.  The talent of the performers are unmatched.  The music is hypnotic.  If you were to ever buy one of the CDs, you should consider 'O'.  We loved it so much, we actually used one of the pieces as my processional at our wedding.  When one of the performers 'plays' a piano solo while it gently descends into the pool, that was my moment.  Sigh...   Unfortunately, the price of the show is not cheap.  Last I checked, it went up to $150 per person.  But if you're going to splurge on a Vegas show, this one worth every penny.  The memories you will walk away with will be priceless.
5	I've seen 4 live Cirque shows and I think I've got to rate this one #1 so far (although I would probably choose Quidam but I've only seen it on dvd). I had a girls weekend in Vegas with 2 of my friends, and we bought our tix day of the show at one of those "half price" ticket areas (of course we bought from the regular priced side of the counter- who sells Cirque tix half price??). We had decided before-hand that we wouldn't pay over $100. The guy showed us the only seats he had together which happened to be front row dead center- $214- and we said "OK!". Man we're suckers.The seats were labeled as the "wet seats" and we definitely got splashed several times. But, the experience was fantastic!! I think the best seats in the house are probably 10 rows back from where we were but I wouldn't trade being able to see the performers' expressions. I could not get over the technicalities of this show- a pool stage, moving sections so one performer can run across the entire length of the pool and the next can dive in. I loved the scene with the 3 Russian Swings! The costumes were beautiful! I would definitely pay to see this show again, ideally at a much lower price and perhaps out of the wet seats.
1	The Emperor has no clothes.My wife and I were given tickets to this event for our 25th anniversary.  We went with great expectations, after all, it WAS in the Bellagio, we didn't pay a dime, and the reviews were excellent.    The venue was great, the stage was set in a large pool with grates / false bottoms that could be raised and lowered in an instant.  They could go from swimming to standing dry and back to swimming in a matter of seconds all on the same spot.   Well then, how was the show itself?  If you like trapeze acts, synchronized swimming and clowns you might like the show.  I don't. And I didn't.  My main complaint is that I waited and waited for something spectacular to happen and it never did.  It was just a series of disjointed circus acts, the first as ordinary, long, and boring as the next. Some, like the clown acts, were just plain bad.  I sat through the performance checking my watch every five minutes or so, counting down the minutes for it to end.  This was 'pert near the longest 95 minutes of my life.  When it finally did end, (thank the Lord)  and my wife and I were making our way to the exit, I politely told her to thank the folks that gave us the tickets, I had no intention of spoiling it for her and telling her how lame I thought it was.  After all, she loves that kind of stuff, and I don't.  Just before we got to the final exit of the Bellagio she said, "Wow, did that suck or what?"  Um, well, "Make sure you thank them for the tickets" I responded.  Again, I didn't want to appear ungrateful, and was not sure she meant what she said.  "Yeah, it was a bit slow" I admitted.  "SLOW? It just plain sucked!" she announced.   OK so it wasn't just me.  My wife, who can watch ice skating and gymnastics on the tube Sunday afternoon  for hours on end thought it sucked as well.   I must  admit, If I paid $10 and saw the same show at the Barnum and Baileys Circus when it came to town I would have been just as bored but a lot less disappointed.Honestly, I don't have an axe to grind and I'm not trying to be mean.  I really wanted to like this show. Also, I don't want to imply the performers and musicians were sub-par.  Not at all, they were excellent, no fault of theirs the production sucked.Did I mention the tickets were $115 each including tax, and those were the cheap ones?I truly believe people give this a 5 star rating because they just blew well over $200 for some silly circus act and need to confirm with others, that what they saw and paid for, was indeed an incredible work of genius and not a pathetic scam.
5	If you had to see one show in Vegas, this would be it. Best acrobatics and best production Set. get your tickets in advance and if you want to have the best view of the synchronized swimming, pay less and sit at the upper balcony. :)It's my favorite cirque show and i've been to about 4.
5	I saw this show a few years back and it was my first Cirque du Soleil show. I remember being spellbound with my jaw dropped the entire time. The performers are amazing and the stage is like one big pool. Pay more and sit in the orchestra section - it's a totally different experience than watching it from the nosebleed seats when you can see their costume details and facial expressions. My friends and I actually got tickets on a whim the afternoon before the show. If you walk up to the box office and it's sold out, ask about cancellations - there's always a few of those each day and you might be able to get seats. Of course, the seats aren't discounted or anything. You just get lucky for procrastinating.
4	The HUNDRED MILLION dollar stage is ALL THAT!  The show itself is a work of art.  I have enjoyed other Cirque performances which now come to mind that I did not leave a review OMG...But back to O-- worth every penny!  My favorite was the dolphin guy flying through the air!
5	"O" will always be my favorite Cirque performance.  It was the first Cirque show I saw as a child, years and years and years ago.  And it is the reason why I continue seeing Cirque shows to this day!!  "O" made me a deeply devoted Cirque fan!!
3	just in case you ever want to learn more about how the show is done... check out http://livedesignonline.com/mag/show_business_wizardry_cirque_du/ it will give you more information from behind the scenes then you ever needed. I will say that the comic relief was weak compared to other Cirque shows I've seen and there was a lot less impressive acrobatics due to the water factor. Often so much going on you don't know where to look - occasionally I even missed the first part of a main performers act due all the other action going on. It was interesting to see how Cirque incorporated the water and it was enjoyable - just not my favorite. Although the inner workings of the pool /stage was truly amazing.
5	THIS SHOW IS AWESOME! The best seats are in the back orchestra because you have something super cool above you in the beginning of the show. It's a show that is very hard to describe unless you've seen it. Tickets are OUTRAGEOUSLY expensive but seriously worth every penny. Go see this show!
5	I've seen "O", "Zumanity", and "Corteo" so these are my basis of comparisons."O" is by far the most intricately designed, and most artistically complex of all the ones I've seen so far, and so well-executed.I'd give "O" a 5, "Corteo" a 4, and "Zumanity" a 3. We sat on the balcony, close to the front, so we were able to see the things they were doing inside the water as well as the choreography above the water.I recommend this show to anyone going to vegas and has money to blow. get good seats.
5	I'm speechless!! Can't describe how wonderful it is and how impressive I've got. I will bring my family to watch the show! Remember to register for tickets, do research on-line before you pay!
4	The wife and I decided to splurge on tickets for this production. We sat up at the very front where we could get the best 'O' experience. For the most part, we were not disappointed - amazing stage, awesome stunts, great overall production. But the whole thing seemed like a bad acid trip. Now - I've never done hard drugs, but if I ever did, this is probably what I would see - clowns, water, fire, strange people flipping and flying all over the goddamned place, etc. I'm sure there was a story or a point somewhere hidden in all of the extravaganza, but I really am not sure if I understood any of it.Oh well - lots of cool stunts, neat and very unusual imagery, and a transforming stage combine into a very enjoyable experience. I'm probably not refined/smart enough to appreciate or understand the complete package. Still fun for the most part though.
5	"O" is currently the best show in Las Vegas.Yes the tickets are expensive, but you get what you pay for.I am so glad I took my kids to see Siegfried and Roy, even when their ticket prices were way above all the shows in Vegas ....They were still the best show  I have ever seen. The price of the ticket was equal to the value of the show.....It is the same for "O""O" is easily the best Cirqu du Soeil show.I think "Ka" is great, "Mystere" is wonderful, especially for the price of their tickets. "Zumanity" ...... well - it is zumanity.But to experience "O"The set changes, the lighting, the visual imagery is astounding.The performers are the equal of all the other productions.I try to get my tickets far enough ahead of time, to try and obtain the best seats possible.I do not know about all the performances, but no one in the audience the night I saw the production got wet. A sprinkle or two - here and there ......Certainly not wet like the Shamu show at seaworld. We had seats in the second row - right in the dead center of the theater. One word - Awesome !!!My son said he could not think of a better birthday experience (well -  almost nothing better .........)It is amazing how the depth of the water in the pool can change in just seconds.It is amazing how your mood can change in just seconds ...as one amazing performace comes back to back with another.Do not be put off by the price.Do not be afraid to sit up close and personal.There is no way to describe in words how good you will feel walking out of the theater after viewing "O."
5	Amazing show... I was able to see it from the booth due to a friend getting us tickets... and even with all of the cues and such being called... there are still some things that I just do not know how they worked themselves out. Heck, we even got a tour backstage afterwards (got to play the metal piano, etc), and was still amazed by the show. The flexibility and dexterity of the Cirque Troupe is just amazing. See any of their shows and you will walk away thinking the same thing... but go to this one just to see the stage.
5	WOW! this is the kind of show where you end up leaving breathless! the tickets were kinda of pricey ($150 each), but well worth every penny. we sat up top at just about the center, which was perfect. there is so much going on in the show that if you are too close to the stage, you will definitely miss stuff. even then, there is so much going on that you truly can't see everything. it is beyond entertaining and amazing what these people can do. the acrobatics, gymnastics, clowns, contortionists and synchronized swimming... ALL AMAZING! i loved how most of the show is incorporated with water. this is a show i would see again; and in my opinion is the best show in vegas!
1	Completely disappointing show -- I think I must be missing something, because I did not find anything spectacular, breathtaking, or dazzling about this show. Having watched Cirque Du Soleil on TV before, I knew I had to see it live when I was in Las Vegas -- let me just say that this is the first and probably last Cirque Du Soleil show that I will see. I spent $350 on two tickets very close to the stage and walked out wondering why in the hell I just wasted all that money. This isn't really anything beyond synchronized swimming and acrobatics that are glorified to the extreme. It wasn't as funny as it should be and  you won't get chills because you are so moved. I sat so close that I spent most of the time staring at the lights changing and gears/wires lifting the performers. Can you tell that I'm still bitter about how disappointing this show was? The stage itself was truly a work of art and they made the transitions from deep ocean to surface land very seamless, but it takes a lot more than an architectural marvel to keep me entertained for that much money. You're paying mainly to see the stage (they skimp on the gymnastics and fancy footing because of the presence of water) and lord only knows that you can see the same moves on TV and from a better vantage point.
4	My thoughts while watching "O":Ok... woah... what the... what is... wait... no... how did... wow that's... ZOMG is she... why are they... FIRE... am I even seeing... now who are... what the hell just happened?!I think I finally understand what it's like being ADD.  As soon as the curtains go up till they go back down, you're assaulted on all fronts w/ movement and action that will literally make your head spin.  I somewhat wish I had read some of these reviews before I saw the show so I could have relaxed a bit during the performance and not tried to pay attention to EVERYTHING that was happening.  There's just too much going on in this show you'll probably need to watch it a few times over to fully see everything which I imagine is the point for a performance such as this.It's an excellent show and I recommend it to anyone who's not seen it before.  The production is beyond description and I'm just stunned at the engineering that is behind it all.  Not to give anything away but just the way the performers are brought on and taken off via the pool alone is just mind-boggling.The music, I discovered mid way, is all performed live which I found surprising.  I just assumed the soundtrack was all pre-recorded and just played back but no - there is a live band w/ singers who actually supply the score as the action is taking place.I just can't say enough about the production for "O".  It's just downright amazing what they have done.
4	Just saw "O" on Wednesday  through a conference with my hubby.We got front middleish (not splash zone) seat and it was a great view.I love it but what i didn't get the main point of the story.... what it is about?Those Asian gymnastic acrobatic girls were sooooo flexible.... it gives me shivers.
5	American Express came through and got us six tickets together in the orchestra to see O just after Valentine's Day. We were in Vegas for a conference and the girls wanted to go to see the big O they had been hearing about.They called and tried to get tickets a couple of weeks before ... but they could not get six tickets together.Thank you American Express for making the impossible happen. We were very pleased with our seats and the entire experience.Even though I had seen the show a few times over the years, I really enjoyed it again. It was fun to see it with people who had never gone before. There were lots of ooohs and ahhhhs.I like O a lot but it is almost exactly as I have seen during my previous visits. I think it would be nice if they made a few changes from time to time so it is always fresh and awe-inspiring. The Cirque Du Soleil shows in Vegas are worth seeing. It is an event to add to your to do list while in Vegas, just get tickets before you leave home, or you just might miss the show.
5	We went to this show last summer, and it was absolutely amazing.  Unbelievable.  Breathtaking.  I could go on.I felt like a little kid watching this.  I was just in awe.We had excellent seats, and it was well worth the very high price.  I think our favorite part of the whole show was the clowns who would come out between the other performers.  Not that the performers weren't amazing, but the clowns were funny. :)
4	The clowns are hilarious..and when the curtains first opened, I was completely awestruck.  It was like it opened up to a different world.  The stage is really amazing.   Then it got cold, and my Picasso food was settling and it was dim and I found myself struggling to stay awake.
5	The first show I saw in Vegas.  Awesome is all I can say.  Probably the best Cirque show in vegas.  The transitions with the stage turning into water is nothing short of amazing.  Don't sit too close or you will be splashed on.  The performers were spot on and didn't miss a beat.
5	i had a chance to see this O Show when i was in vegas couple years ago. the tickets were paid off by my cousins, so basically it was a treat for me to join. the show was definitely stunning especially when we see people flying in midair.  this i believe is the only show i've been to in vegas, other then chinese concerts and/or that treasure island outdoor performance. if you have the money, time, and chance, be sure to buy tickets to enjoy this show
2	I had a chance to see O this weekend and was really excited.  After the opening curtain and the first few minutes, I was starting to get into it.  However as the show  dragged on (I really hate to use that term, but it did), there really wasn't anything special about it.  I guess after seeing so many other Cirque shows, I've been wanting more and more each time.  This time I was disappointed.The acrobatics were really good, just now "wow!" good.The only thing that stuck with me was the man on fire.  How'd he do that!??If you are going to see any show in Vegas, you really should use your money on Cirque's Ka.  That show is simply out of this world amazing.  It's worth every penny you spend.
5	One word: Surreal!Several words: Spectacular acrobatics & gorgeous scenery.  My mind went from back and forth from imagination to disbelief and awe.  This show immerses you in an entirely different world for an hour and a half.  Here, anything is possible.  The beautiful is seamlessly blended with the bizarre and grotesque.  At every moment there's ten more details deserving of attention than you can pay attention to.  The logistics of the space are amazing as well--if you look up you can see some of the huge machinery that makes this all possible, and the submerging/emerging wet-dry stage is one of a kind.  I was lucky enough to sit in the "splash zone" and I would do it again!
3	I have seen all the Cirque shows in Vegas and several of the traveling versions.  O suffers from over-expectations I think.  I expected it to surpass all the others, but it was just on par with them I felt.  It wasn't a bad show, just wasn't incredible.  Love and Mystere I feel are incredible....O and Ka are very good, just not great.The O theatre is gorgeous and the highlight of the night may just be the giant red curtain disappearing into the back of the stage revealing the beautiful water beneath at the start of the show.  Mystere is filled with incredible acrobatics, Ka is a stunning engineering feat and almost feels like a movie, Love is a massive party that exhilirates the senses, and O I feel is like a ballet.  It's beautiful in design and musical performance, but won't blow you away with any acrobatics, the stage movements are ok, and the energy is nowhere near as high as Love.If you love the grace and refined sophistication of a ballet, you will love O.  If you want something to get you out of your seat or have you talking about it for the rest of the night, I would pass.  One last comment...if you eat a heavy meal before the show, you will struggle to stay awake I think at points.  At least our group did.  I would recommend seeing the show before dinner.
3	This was a lot different from the other Cirque shows I've seen in that this takes place in the water. The performers are actually swimming, diving, doing synchronized swimming.Maybe it was overhyped since I heard a lot of good things about it, but I was quite disappoitned with the show. A lot of times there's so much going on in one scene, that you don't know what to look at it. Let me first clarify that what these performers do is amazing. During the show there was some moments on the trapeze that made me hold my breath. But this one didn't have the wow factor I've got with other Cirque shows. There was some sort of story going on but I couldn't really piece all of it. The show seemed to be a mismatch of stuff like the clowns in the show although very funny were out of place.But if you do decide to see this, I recommend the 200 section seats for this show. They are like loge seats in the mezzanine of a broadway show. You get a top overview of the show. What's cool about this is you get a good view is what is happening in the pool with the performers and you also see the scuba divers at the bottom aiding the performers. You also get to see how the stage so quickly drains the water and refills. Cool for those interested in the mechanics behind the show.
3	Um - I didn't get itI don't think I am unculturedUm - I just don't think there was a story line that I could followmaybe it was the nosebleed seatsUm - perhaps I don't get the Frenchno, I get the French - they don't get me - they do but they don'tUm - Maybe I was sunburned and had heat stroke or I was hungry and could not concentrateI thought the acrobatics were amazing as alwaysUm - I dunno - I think maybe we should have seen La ReveMaybe Im just an unartistic peon
4	I have seen numerous Cirque shows, and while O was not my favorite, I thought it was great.  I also had the best service experience of my life at the O theatre box office.  It's a little long, but hopefully a good read.Basically I screwed up the ticket dates when I ordered them online from Vegas.com -- I thought I ordered them for the same-day, but apparently I ordered them for the following week.  I felt like a total moron at the ticket desk, and asked if there was anything I could do as I was only in town a few nights and had plans for each night.  Mind you this is about one and a half hours before the 10:30pm show that night.  Rob from Las Vegas, who was helping me, disappeared into the back office and I assumed I was screwed and would -- at best -- have to purchase a new set of nose-bleed seats if I wanted to see the show that evening.He came back out of the locked back-office about 10 minutes later, and said that everything was fine.  He exchanged the tickets out and gave me Casino-reserved tickets for the show -- meaning they were basically the best seats in the house.  Three rows back, center, orchestra seating.  Wow.  While they were the same price category as my previous tickets, they were phenomenally better.  I'll be writing a letter to the Bellagio to let them know how impressed I am with that level of customer service -- I think it's pretty unheard of.  And now, on to the show!The theatre that houses O is magnificent -- it's huge, gorgeous, just wow.  I would say it's my favorite Cirque theatre yet, including the best curtain and "stage" ever!  Really cool stuff.The show was beautiful and the music was up there for me, as compared to other Cirque experiences.  Being so close to the stage definitely kept us awake -- we got splashed on every now and then as performers hopped in and out of the water a few feet in-front of us.  It was sometimes overwhelming in terms of all that was happening, especially being so close, but I rather enjoyed that.  There was simply so much to see including the "main" act at the time.I will agree that some of the acrobatics weren't as big and exciting as they are in other cirque shows, but the integration of water was definitely something I have never seen before.The clowns were not my favorite, for whatever reason, but the crowd seemed to really enjoy them.  Overall I get the impression that most of the patrons were in awe of the show.  If you're a Cirque fan, check this out because it's good.  If you're new to Cirque, I say start here and then work towards Mystere.  But if you only plan to see one Cirque show in Vegas, I recommend Mystere.
1	Uhhmm.....Not so much. Don't get me wrong, I love it when  there is a circus without any abused animals, but I just have to say, I think they are totally overrated. So expensive and I'm just not impressed. Basically, a lot of water and women who could lick their own vaginas.
5	I saw O, Mystere, and Zumanity;  out of those three I like this one the best.  I felt that this one was the most creative in terms of how they open up the act and its usage of water.  I had front row seats so that was nice.  Since I saw this show first, Mystere and Zumanity ended up only average for me.
5	My first cirque show and it was an incredible experience.  The water scenes, acrobatics,  it's definitely one of those things you've got to do once in your life.  Tickets are expensive, but it's an unique experience. When I went to see this performance :it was also a New Years Eve performance, and got a lovely goody bag with CD, mints. It was additional bonus to hear where the performers came from and to hear the performers say Happy New Year in their  own language.
5	Cirque de Soleil O in the Bellagio is Five Stars for it's magnificent designed stage, the performers, costumes, lighting, comfort of the seating, the excitement.Being located in the Bellagio with it's beautiful atmosphere before and after the show is a plus. The theater is very well designed and good views of the performance in most seats. I have seen this show three times and enjoyed it.Plan in advance and you can purchase your tickets on line or by phone. Have dinner at the Bellagio before the show.
5	Um, WOWWWW...I've only seen Zumanity before O but I think O trumps all the other Cirque du Soleil shows. I still want to watch KA, Love, and Mystere but I'm not sure if they can top O. We will see.We missed the first 10 minutes of the show because my friends were late but it was still worth the $168.50 I paid for lower orchestra tickets. If you're late, they hold you at the doors until there is a pause in the show, then they escort you to your seats so DON'T BE LATE...they aren't Asian so they start right on time.All in all, if you're looking for a Cirque Du Soleil show to see...you HAVE to throw down some $$ to watch O! You won't regret it. Oh and bring a light jacket too -- when the water starts splashing around, the temperature in the theatre drops so you might get a bit cold if you're sitting there in shorts and a tank top.
4	Once I had experienced "Le Reve" at the Wynn, I didn't think anything could compete.  I love Cirque performances.  At first when the show started I thought I was going to be bored.  But after a bit it got very exciting.  And my family and I were soon captivated.  I noticed some reviewers were not impressed with "O", but I did enjoy it very much and would recommend it.  I do agree it doesn't start out with a bang but it does become more captivating as time goes on.  I gave it four stars only because the beginning isn't as exciting as "Le Reve".  Thumbs up for "O".
5	My first Cirque Du Soleil Show and it for sure set the bar.  I had no idea going into this show on how it would be like except that there was going to be a pool in the middle of the stage.  I did not know that the "engineering marvel pool" was cut into different quadrants and sections and can freely elevate during the show.  The floor itself is filled with holes so that the water can seep through as the floor elevates.  But enough of the boring technical stuff, this show is definitely worth seeing at least once.  Our group missed about 5-15 minutes of the show since we were all running on asian time.  I'm extremely asian because I'm KNOWN for being late.  Nonetheless, the show kept me entertained at all times.  I can't say I understood the complete story especially since I missed a good portion of the show but the other hour and a half of the show was still worth the money I paid for.  I don't think there are many promotions on this show so kudos to you if you got one.The acrobatics and stunts were on another level.  I have not seen a show this good and I hope that the other Cirque Du Soleil shows will be up to standards.
5	I love this artsy fartsy Cirque du Solei about dreams.  It's a fabulous show centered around water.
5	I can't believe i haven't reviewed this show.  This was my first ever Vegas show because what can you really do in Vegas being 19 or 20 without a fake id.  I had an interest in cirque du soleil shows previously (watching it on tv) but after seeing this show i fell in LOVE with cirque du soleil productions.  I had the best seats ever courtesy of my friends dad's gaming habits :o)  It was dead center and only a few rows up from the stage.  This show was phenomenal.  The acrobatic sequences kept me on the edge of my seat.  The platform that the whole show was performed on was amazingly built.  This is a must see show and money well spent!!!
5	Fantastically surreal. Absolutely amazing. Beyond expectations. Limited view. Not bad. Worth remembering. Would recommend. Gotta go. End review.
5	I finally got to see "O" after hearing such fantastic things about it and must say, it truly lived up to all the raves said about it. It was truly amazing and the talent of the entire Cirque cast is indescribable.The only complaint my companions and I have is that there's WAY TOO MUCH going on at the same time that we weren't able to catch all the performances! We all agreed we may have to make a return visit to see parts of the performance we missed out on!
5	After seeing "O", I must see many more of the Cirque performances.  Watching the floor, and how well it seamlessly worked with the performers, was beautiful all by itself.  The whole performance dazzled me, but I have to admit that at times it seemed that the awesomeness of the stage took a bit of my attention away from the performance itself.
5	This show was amazing! It was funny, interesting, and really cool. The water stage was incredible. It could change in so many different ways. I liked the two funny clowns that have their own parts in certain parts of the show. It was cool that the performers interact with the audience by spraying them with water here and there. Oh yeah if you want something to munch and drink on during the show, outside the theatre, they do sell some stuff. You can't use your camera or video recorder during the show. The show was about 2 hours or more.
5	"O" in my opinion is the best Cirque du Soleil performance out, (although I have not seen "Love" yet). It is so innovative, and just awe inspiring. If I ever were to believe in mermaids, "O" demonstrated how they would move in the water. The performers are just amazing, and the costumes are out of this world. Honestly, the costume designer for "O" is a genius. I don't even want to try and imagine how they created the stage with the changeable tank, but the water gives Cirque du Suleil a whole new level of awe inspiring magic. MY one and only complaint is the clown performances. I mean, why take away from such magnificence of the water acrobatics with cheap laughs? Clowns aside, I would go again, spend the money and get front to center tickets, this show is well worth it.
5	O  M  G.  hee hee get it? O...OMG.  oh my god, becky, this was like totaly tubular.  you so-o have to see this, I swear.  you are so gonna die!  it's awesome!  fer real, yo!!
5	I have only been to one other Cirque show which was Mystere.  I was so impressed by that show I was not sure if it could get much better.  I was WRONG!!!  I was absolutely struck with awe the entire performance!!  I sat in the third row so I had amazing seats.  Yes, it is a little pricey but I was so entertained- it was worth every penny!! The stage was incredible, the way it changed so suddenly in so many different ways, the people were graceful and amazing! I am usually drunk in Vegas most of the time but I made sure that I was not too tipsy for this show, I wanted to remember everything about it.  It had funny moments with the clowns, and the rest of the time it just left you thinking "how in the world are these people doing this so perfectly?" I would definitely spend the money to see this again and again, and I hope it stays in bellagio for a long time to come.  Now I wonder can these shows get any better than this? I really do not see how....
5	This is the BEST Cirque show that I've been to (Kooza, Corteo, Delirium). absolutely amazing what they did with the acrobatics and the water tank/stage.
5	Since I butchered "LOVE" at the Mirage, I need a little 5 star pick-me up to brighten the Cirque Du Soleil mood. What better way than to write about the best of the best?Yes. "O" lives up to the hype: there are acrobats, divers, contortionists, clowns, singers, dancers, synchronized swimmers, fire dancers, elaborate costumes, and a captivating center stage that will amaze you! Phew! And every seat is a good one. I've watched it from close up front, the middle, side, and balcony.I guess some people didn't like my trash talking of LOVE but I think my point was mis-understood. It's not that LOVE is a bad show...It's just mis-titled, mis-categorized, and hmm...mis-priced. Calling it Cirque Du Soleil is like when you go to a restaurant and you're really hungry so you order whatever it is you're craving at the time...in my case, a fat juicy hunking slice of prime rib. You wait, and wait, and the fixins come out...baked potato, salad, yorkshire pudding...Finally the main course arrives, you lift off the cover from the dish and inhale the sweet smell of...eh? turkey!? I know I'm talking about food now and you may be asking what the hell this has to do with Cirqu Du Soleil but hey, it's Yelp, I couldn't help but throw in some foodie talk. And you may also be saying hey! This isn't a review of "O", it's a friggin' review of "LOVE" again! Yeah, I know. But I just had to say that "O" is like the filet mignon of Cirque Du Soleil while "LOVE" is, well...plain old turkey. Not in the same league or category at all.
5	Now that I've seen 4 CDS shows (Ka, Love, O, and Mystere) as well as a random sampling of other strip shows.. I can honestly say this show is the best show on the strip! So freaking incredible.I've seen it twice (with a span of nearly 9 years between viewings), and both times it blew me away. The stage moving, the acrobatics, the imagery, the costumes.. WOW.Ok tip time: Soo I've sat on the floor and I've sat in the balcony. I enjoyed both for different reasons. On the floor the show is more mysterious and exciting. The stage seems to magically disappear and turn into water.. you don't see the scuba divers under the set, etc, etc. From the balcony I could see the stage way better and how it worked. I could see the stage coming into view and where all that water goes.. etc. If you want to see how things work, sit in the balcony (especially on the edges). If you like blissful ignorance stick with the floor.
4	Amazingly good show!  We really enjoyed the water/stage mix and the entire show had us on the edge of our seats.  Talented, sexy people doing outrageous things!  A lot of fun.
5	It only takes a moment to become immersed in O's paradoxical world of the grotesque and beautiful.  The stage itself plays the greatest role in the show as the shape-shifting, amphibious plane of existence in which Eugen, the aged and weathered theater manager, orchestrates his own retrogradation to youth and purity.  Just as the waters of "O" cleansed Eugen's heart, so too was my faith in live theater.
4	It was great but I liked Kooza better. Maybe it was our seats in the back but the balcony looks really good if you can get a front seat there. I like the transitions between a solid stage and pool. However, I would have liked to see more stunts and flying around. I know the main theme here is water but they pretty much just jumped into the giant pool over and over. The comedic portion was not as good as kooza's but it did get a few laughs out of me. The music really shined at this show.
5	We had very highly expectations for O and it sure lived up to the hype. We were hooked from beginning to the end. It was jaw dropping, exciting, entertaining, an A++++ production all the way.
5	The absolute best thing we did in Vegas. I have never been to a Cirque show so I can't compare it that way, but this was by far the best circus style show I have seen in my life.The set was completely amazing! Even the curtain was exciting! The pool is used in so many innovative ways -- we were continually amazed. This is an absolute MUST SEE. One bad: there are these clowns that perform inbetween amazing acts and they are kinda cheesy. I think they were important though cause they alllowed time for the crew to get ready for the next act.
5	This show was like a Dali painting come to like but with people. So many incredible things going on and whatever you happen to fix your attention to you're blown away by. Expertly choreographed and skillfully executed. I was anxious at times by the death defying antics of the performers, soothed at others by the music and artistry of the sets but at the end impressed by everything. The set is incredible with a large pool that appears and disappears. The performers were mind blowing. They swim, jump, twist and dance all over the place. The diving was what was most impressive to me, but I don't want to ruin it for anyone. If you get a chance, go see this.
5	I would have to say that of the 4 Cirque du Soleil performances (O, Love, Mystere and Zumanity) that I have seen, I enjoyed O the most.  My attention was captured from beginning to end.  While it didn't have the over abundance of acrobats, clowns, props, etc. as the other shows I have seen, the smaller cast of O gave a very big performance.  You will not be disappointed and afterwards, you will want to see it again as I would like to do.
5	Simply amazing.  I think I've seen all of the Cirque du Soleil shows and can honestly say that I appreciate all al them and they are all well deserving of 5 stars.I've never witnessed anything so artistic and beautiful as "O".  This is by far their best production yet.  The way the acrobats just "flew" out of the ceiling was so beautiful.  If ever in Vegas, it is something not to miss.
4	AMAZING ---I really enjoyed it, even though the tix were pretty expensive.I recommend you watch the show from Orchestra seats as it does not carry the same effect if you seat in the back row :)
4	Before seeing O, I was fortunate enough to see Believe as well.  Two Cirque shows in the same night was quite a treat.  I had high expectations for this show and low expectations for Believe; such expectations can come back to haunt you, both good and bad.For O, I was, in the end, dissapointed.  I loved the show overall, the acrobatics, the enormous stage and the comedy performed on stage (or in water).  It was a great show. There were very impressive scenes and costumes, but the lack of any sort of plot bothered me (and reduced the star).  I guess the plot could be that of reading a children's storybook.  There is one reference to the cow jumping over the moon that comes out of no where.  And that's just it: stuff comes out of nowhere and while visually stunning and entertaining, never ties into the next scene.  Criss Angel's Believe, while inferior but not really comparable to O, did have an overall plot that was difficult but followable.But who am I to judge.  This show has been here for a long time and sells out every night, right?  I was lucky enough, again, to sit only 15 rows up and dead center.  Would I pay to see this again (about $160 a pop)? No.  If I paid anything cheaper I'd be in the balcony and not get the same experience.  However good a show is, if I can enjoy it just as much in the back as I could in the front, that is my idea of a 5 star show.
5	You read all the reviews and you ask yourself, is this really one of the best shows ever? Yes, it is. Go see it. Spend the money. You won't regret it. I am evangelical about my O recommendation - I tell everyone who goes to LV to watch O. A circus in water... intriguing at first. Then when you see it, you'll absolutely be speechless.
5	This is the third Cirque du Soleil show I've seen, and hands down, it's the best one.  I had heard people rave about this show, but didn't believe them, so I had to see for myself.  And I do admit, everything they said is true.  The performers, production set, costumes, music...everything about it was excellent.  The concept of performing in and out of water was extremely intriguing to me.  Fortunately, we sat fourth row (center) from the stage, and left the show dry, unlike the people in the rows ahead of us.  The tickets were expensive, but definitely worth it for a one-time experience!
4	I agree with Erik S.'s review 10/12/2008.  The magnitue of the production is quite impressive.  A great deal of attention is paid to capture perfection, but the lack of an overall storyline made this more of random circus acts put together.  After the first half of twirling and spinning in the air, I was hoping for more variety  in the second.  But, alas, no such luck.  The acrobats just kept jumping into the water in different ways; not that these feats are, any stretch of the imagination, easy, but repetitive.  The one break, I recall, was the fire act, perhaps a plug for Ka.In the end, the entire performance was visually stunning and satisfying.  I would recommend the show, but not so much as to give it 5-stars.  Go if you wish, but just go with moderate expectations.
4	It was a terrific show but of the three Cirque shows I've seen (Mystere, Ka, and O), this was my least favorite.  Still, that's like saying a guy that's 8-feet tall isn't as tall as a 9-foot tall guy, but both are tall.  O was still an excellent show, but unlike the other two, had a sort of dark and abstract tone to it.  Mystere has an uplifting and energetic feel, and Ka follows a specific plot with a happy ending.  But O was dark, mysterious, and I dare to say it, but a little too "European abstract" for my taste.  Sometime about it reminded me of a Stanley Kubrick movie- just sort of weird and abstract.  It's still worth the money, and there are plenty of mind-blowing acrobatic moments, but Mystere and Ka are a tad better (and Mystere is cheaper).
5	Completely exceeded my expectations!!It has been a while since I have seen a Cirque du Soleil showand what a way to come back to it with a BANG or i guess a SPLASH!!It was just so moving to me, the music, the acrobatics, the stagein general was just AMAZING! the sheer massiveness of it alone isbreathtaking but adding water to the stage just sends it over the top.The fact that the stage actually can submerge as well is mind blowing.I loved the show, and i'm listening to the soundtrack as I'm writing thisreview. I highly recommend that if you have the money spend it to see O!!
5	You cannot say enough good words about O.It's a shame they don't have a DVD of the performance, or I would be buying myself one and my family so they can experience it.From the very beginging to the very end, it will keep you at the edge of your seat and sitting with your mouth agape in awe.For some reason....I LOVED the clowns. They just stole my heart. When the short clown, breaks into dance and has the facial expression of putting in soo much effort....Recommend getting close seats. You can see the effort that the artits go through to put on a quality performance... GOOO SEE THIS SHOW!
4	this is one of the popular cirque du soleil show in vegas. be honest. I like beatles love more. but overall it's another fantastic performance. I couldn't ask for moreAlways one of my first cirque de soleil show i saw in vegas. if you have the time.. check both out.. O and beatles love. but if you have limited time and budget.. BEATLES LOVE all the way..
5	One of my FAV Cirque shows?  Easy....it's O!!Little play on the French word "eau" (water) and the show is totally set in water....brilliant!  Eau = O.....those funny people! The stage is ginormous & absolutely mind-boggling! Goes from this 1.5 MILLION gallon tank to a completely dry set w/ peeps running & tumbling all over the place, in no time flat (My Momma always told me not to run at the pool but these rebels were running all over the place!) Costumes were fun & elaborate; music was the usual fantastic-ness; and best part?? VERY LITTLE CLOWN, which scores extra high in my book Water ballet, trapezes, parallel bars, dives, jumps & all kinds of amazing feats to behold & let's not forget the guy TOTALLY ON FIRE!  In fact, there were times there was so much going on, on stage, it was hard to see it all.....but just means that we'll have to come back & won't that be a shame  ;-)
4	O-mazing?  Quite possible. I think part of Cirque du Soleil's **WOW** factor is dependant on how frequent you see a Cirque du Soleil "type" show. The very first CdS I saw touring in the nineties was frakken O-MAZING!  Back in the day, a $50 ticket went a long way towards entertainment. I like to think MY PERSONAL support of the Montreal touring troupe helped pave the way to the spectacle currently in Vegas (I also invented the Man Hug and originated the saying, "Play it by ear"). I've seen a few variations of the traveling Cirque du Soleil show, and the **WOW** factor has diminished with each show. O-MAZING  becomes O-right to only O-kay.  I'm jaded to the quality of CdS because of the expectation that they will outperform last year's show. However, the core of CdS is the same routine OVER and OVER: clowns, asian contortionists, trapeze artists and mood music. By the time the show Dralion toured in their familiar blue & yellow tent, I thought the routine was Bo-O-ring.However, "O" at the Bellagio in Vegas adds an interesting twist to the familiar routine. I don't want to take anything away from the many skilled performers, musicians and costumes, but I think the STAR of "O" is the ebb and flow of the moving stage that can in seconds morph from an ethereal landscape to depths of danger and excitement. Beneath the stage is a little Vegas secret. The stage is powered by hundreds of dwarves shoulder atop shoulder. But don't quote me on that. Cirque du Soleil tickets are a good gift to give to someone who has never seen the show. I think it's also a good gift to give to yourself if you haven't been over-saturated with such theatrics. You can look for discounted tickets at Showcase on the Las Vegas Blvd near MGM. The only thing that I didn't like about "O" was...**SPOILER**...the use of audience plants. A clown will pull an "unsuspecting" person from the audience (read: plant) for some onstage fun and then suddenly that person is whisked into the show and diving off 50 ft platforms! Hello liability. Gimme a break! Health care may be free in Canada, but no way does that stuff just happen in America. These French farts have used this foolery in a few Cirque du Soleil shows. The "A" in America doesn't stand for absent minded.Would I go back? Gonna play it by ear.
5	OMG, the best show I think I've ever seen. Tickets are pricey but its so worth it and I never say that about high prices. You just have to see it, me trying to describe it won't do it justice. If you see one show in Vegas, see this one.
5	After seeing Corteo in San Jose, I wasn't super enthused with the Cirque shows in general.  But having heard good things about O, I was willing to give it a try.  We didn't manage to get good seats, and settled on "partially obstructed" discounted seats.  But the "obstruction" was merely a hand rail, and quite worth the discount that we got.This show blew me away.  The visuals were spectacular, and the stage design was cool.  I love architecture and design, and I considered stopping out of school to become a Cirque stage designer briefly.  Then I realized I know nothing about engineering and put the thought aside.  But really, even if you don't like Cirque shows, give this one a shot.  Dancing, swimming, spiraling, sinking... amazing!
5	Stunning. Speechless...
5	Short Review: I won't ruin it, but pay the most, it will be about $170 a ticket.  Row D you won't be in the splash zone, most likely.  Get the best tickets.... you need to be right there.Spoilers and longer review!I have seen, since 1987 or so, probably... well...from 1987 to 1999 I probably saw, on average 2 shows a week.52 weeks * 2 = 104.from 1999-2005 I saw probably 100 shows total.from 2005-2007 I saw probably an average of four show a week.From 2007-2009 I saw probably an average of 2 shows a weekI can't do the math but I have seen a grip of shows... punk, experimental, reggae, industrial, rock, downtempo, jam, big bag jazz, funk, hi bop, etc all types of jazz, motown, classical, opera, ballet, EVERYTHING SO YOU KNOW AND THEN I WON'T BORE YOU ANYMORE BUT LIKE YOU GET I LIKE SHOWS... all of them.*phew*So you and I are these type of people.  Shows.  YUM!AND...The most I have ever spent on *ANY* tickets was $150 for Tom Waits, $75 per ticket.  Actually two people in two nights so it was $300 for two nights at the Paramount in Denver.  What a stunning place.  Anyhoo.. the other majour drop I remember was for Black Rider tickets, interestingly enough.  The set design and everything related to that play was just stunning.  From Waits' score, Burroughs play... and mostly Robert Wilson's wild set design and direction.These were the most expensive tickets I have ever bought.... *AND I FEEL THEY MAY HAVE BEEN UNDERVALUED.*  Everything in Vegas, frankly... SUCKS.... and is whack overpriced.  I would have paid, possibly, twice as much.  Maybe.  It was... everything I could ever hope for.  Except for the Celine Dion style score.I was, however, astonished that it was live... the band to the left and vocalist to the right...I didn't ever think I would ever see anything again that would challenge me or surprise me.  I am excited about the future of the stage, and it is astonishing the connection I feel with this experience as to the first time I was at the burn... it was an important moment for me whether you like to make fun or not... but this overwhelming feeling for a crumudgeon like me that magic was real, and that life is a superb, unreal experience....  unique and totally irreverent, while being profound and deeply resonant.I won't go through the entire experience... it might be unfair.  I knew not what to expect, and it may interest you to walk in inprepared.  But the magic, delight, trickery and ruses.... the clowns!!!!  I*I*I (or aye aye aye.. double entendre get it... oh wait you haven't seen it)I have never, in my life, seen a set design so beautiful, intense, complex, massive, and stunning.  The hyrdarulics, props, and more were as mind blowing as anything I would have ever expected.  The water tank is just... wow.The opening moment when the audience member reads the cell phone stuff and the curtain draws was one of the most exciting and childlike moment of sheer joy that I have ever experienced.
5	O - my god.  This remains to be my favorite Cirque show of all time.  I truly think that if you have either never seen an Cirque de Soleil, or have seen others in the past, you need to go on to virgin airlines website next time they do a cheap airfare deal and get your ass into Vegas.  Make sure you book your tickets, as despite show has been running in Vegas since 1998 it remains a hot ticket item, that habitually sells out.  Like many things in Vegas, the ticket prices are a little bit inflated, gone are the days that the Vegas hotels sells food and entertainment at a loss to get people to come and spend their money on the casino floor.Or do they?I was doing more research on O and found some interesting things about the show.  -  The costumes have a lifespan of 20 shows, with multiple costumes per performer costing about $10,000 to produce. -  In order for the platform stage to rise and fall without a wake, the surface of the stage has thousands of tiny holes.-  There is an invisible wall between the pool and the audience generated by air jets; the goal is to maintain two temperature zones in the theatre. The stage is kept at a higher temperature while the audience area is kept at a lower temperature. A temperature sensor every few seats in the theatre helps ensure the audience area is maintained at the correct temperature.-  To minimize damage to the musical instruments, the musicians and their instruments play from glass enclosures in the theater. Some of the musical instruments used in the show are more than 100 years old. The unique string instrument heard in the soundtrack of O is an erhu, a traditional Chinese bowed string instrument.-  The show has a cast of 85 acrobats, synchronized swimmers, and divers performing in and above a 1.5 million-gallon pool. The pool is kept at 88 degrees Fahrenheit and has an underwater communication system and regulators that allow performers to breathe underwater.They do spend quite a bit of money on this production, and like I said earlier, if you have never seen this show you have to watch it.  You have this amazing flawless mix of the moving music preformed by the orchestra and very intricately they are able to tie in some very complex synchronized acts with it.  They spared no expense on the performers, costumes, music, set design and the show itself makes the spectators feel as though they are watching something very special.  And they are.
5	This was quite possibly the most beautiful thing I've seen.  It was just beyond your imagination.  It feels like a sensory overload, you must be 100% on it, there's so much going on.  I won't give out any details, just see it, it's priceless!
5	I'll tell you this must at first to lure you into my review...The show was so good I later bought the program and the CD so I could relive the experience another day. O reallys captivates everything that I'd imagined about a Cirque de Soleil performance. It has it's elements of circus with the clowns and crazy costumes and face-painting, but also true elegance and creativity with devices such as the customized water/stage, motorized ceiling platform, props, and the number of devices for the performers to fly/jump/hang on/off of. The O theatre is situated within the Bellagio, one of the most impressive works of construction I've ever seen in my life. The show doesn't fail to meet that level of impress. Just the anticipation of the show to begin is exciting, the theatre is enormous and every inch beautiful, above you is an Oval Shaped Mounting with a Crazy Swirl in the center (architectural detail/part of the show?), and Red Curtain Wall seems magical covering up whatever sights lie behind it. Plush seating allows you to recline and we had one the best views around from seats Q13 and Q14 of Section 203 which is smack-dab in the middle of the audience. REVIEW: Don't try to follow the story...just take in all the amazing feats these super-fit humans do before your eyes. It's really incredible to see that these guys and gals can actually do all this things so seemingly  flawless-like. Diving, Contourshunning, Holding of Breathe, Swimming, More Diving, Swinging, but most important of all ENTERTAINING. The WOW factor is definitely seen. You begin to love the 2 clowns of the show and wish you were the Magical Eery Conductor. One day I hope You'll see what I mean.
5	Four days later and I'm still in aw over this beautiful and amazing performance.  A bit of advice before ordering tickets, I would recommend sitting in the middle of the audience to see it all.  If you want to be "somewhat" part of the show, sit near the front.  We saw every bit of the action sitting in row Q, section 203,  it was perfect.  This was my first Cirque du Soleil experience and it was truly amazing.  As Jose O. states in his review, definitely look up during the beginning of the show for a pleasant surprise.  You'll be amazed at the performance, talent and costumes of everyone performing.  "O" is well worth the money with two hours full of adventure and surprise.   I wish I could tell you all more, but I don't want to give away all the fun.
5	O me O my, what was I to expect.I'm still wondering about the title of the show... perhaps it was derived from the OOOOhhhhhs and Ahhhhhsss.... well, perhapsYou had things going on everywhere, so if you pay attention to one spot, you may have missed some stuff on stage.I truly enjoyed this show as it is so artsy and well performed.  The music added the mystique.  I recommend this show to anyone.  Just bare in mind though that if you expect a lot of dialogue or want that, this may not be your cup of tea.  Brilliant show!  Beautifully performed.Don't forget to grab a frozen daiquiri before you get to your seats!
5	I have seen this show 3 times. If you sit on the floor level you see one show and when you sit in the balcony the show appears different. It is a must see show.
5	A must see.  If there is one Cirque du Soleil show to see, this is it.  It is amazing from an acrobatic and visual level.  Basically there is a large pool of water below most of the acts.  The level of the pool can rise and fall throughout the show.  Instead of a flip landing on the stage, the acrobat dives into a pool.  Most of the acrobats are not just doing flips and tumbles like the normal circus but the are doing the same tricks on moving apparatuses.  It is amazing.  The show is so popular that the only tickets I could purchased were the view partially blocked.  This wasn't bad because this is simply the bar for the stairs that is in the way.  Definitely book before you go to Vegas as this show is coming sold out and has a very long stand by line.
5	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show!! I must say i was in awe! the performances were amazing and kept my attention the whole time. Its definitely worth the money!!
5	Unbelievalbe! If I even attempt to write a review about this show it would be a great disservice. No words can describe the authenticy and art of this show. I've seen Mystere' (Remarkable) and KA (Outstanding), but I must say that 'O' is probably the best one.  Wont be disappointed at all, it is a must see!
5	Absolutely fabulous. I watched Le Reve prior to seeing O and O definitely trumps Le Reve hands down. The clowns were hilarious! Aye-aye-aye! Their humor was a great contrast to the dramatics of the rest of the show. The stage is amaaaaazing. It's water then it's a stage then it's both at the same time! I highly recommend getting the expensive tickets (a pair cost my fiance $340) but you get the best view possible. We were in section 103, row K and not only got a full view of the stage and aerial acts but also you can see the performers facial expressions and intricate movements. The entire show from start to end was just stunning. NOTE: This is one of the shows where they take pictures of you at the beginning and you can purchase them at the end of the show in a special keepsake O frame. They're $45 but well worth it. The ones I got came out beautiful and they even had the date on it which means a lot since we saw O on my birthday!!!
5	This is the best Cirque du Soleil ever. Everything was incredibly detailed. Even the smallest sound was choreographed. The acts were amazing. I cannot believe that the actors are capable of what they do. It was a surprise how funny the clowns were. At first I thought they were random, but they totally added to the ambiance of the whole show. I will definitely watch this show again. And probably again.
5	Beautiful beautiful BEAUTIFUL.If you are in Vegas, this is a MUST if you're a Cirque fan, which I am.Go.  It's totally worth it.
5	THE BIG "O" AS IN OH MY GOSH!! WOW THIS MIGHT JUST BE ONE OF CIRQUE DU SOLIEL'S BEST SHOWS EVER!!!It definitely lives up to it's reputation and unfortunately due to it's popularity is still pretty pricey.Back when I saw this show probably 5+ years ago, I think I spoiled myself in that this was my first ever Cirque du Soliel show I saw live and that no Cirque du Soliel show would ever even come close. So I still have yet to see a better one than this....but there's alot of them in Vegas I have left to see....so we'll see.I love how they incorporate the large circular pool of water into their acrobatics, music, and choreography. Wow a humugus pool in the middle of a live theater. Woah! It was so entertaining. Beauty and elegance dominated. Warning to those who like really close seats...you might get splashed on from time to time. This is definitely a talented group, especially all those that perform aquatics. I LOVED IT!!! IT WAS WORTH EVERY PRICEY PENNY!!! A MUST SEE SHOW OF LIFETIME IF YOU GET THE OPPORTUNITY!!!
5	Crazy, creepy and cool!  Dang you must go.  We sat in the 3rd row, but I think just about anywhere in the place was a good seat.  Even up a little higher you may see a bit more because there is tons of stuff (mostly strange stuff) going on.
4	I liked it a lot, but I didn't love it. I was expecting to love it and pee my pants in my seat. I didn't even pee my pants a little. However, it is quite amazing and I believe that any Cirque du Soleil show is something everyone should experience live. Beautiful costumes, beautiful staging, beautiful talent...just beautiful. I think the water aspect was not for me...I like the Cirque shows with more dance and movement. We sat in the balcony and I found those to be great seats b/c I always love seeing the entire stage picture. Good time and I suggest everyone should go!
1	OOOOkay?!Definitely not worth $125... Love was so much better!!
4	I have to say that this might have been one case where it wasn't worth the HUGE hype.  I had played it up so much in my head that there was no way it was going to meet expectations, and it ultimately didn't.  I'm not going to spoil the show for anyone, but you will see some amazing things - and don't read reviews about it.  Just go, especially if you're a fan of Cirque.  Supposedly the Las Vegas shows are the ones that are the best.I'd probably also recommend the 7:30 viewing rather than the 10:30 one I went to...I was trying really hard to stay awake but it was hard during some moments.  They do a good job though, of combining some incredible human feats with humor.I'm glad I went, but not glad I spent over 300 dollars on a pair of tickets.
1	see Love instead, O is highly overrated.  Would never see it again even at half price.
5	A totally spellbinding experience! I won't divulge anything, but I thought the stunts were incredibly beautiful and completely astounding seeing as they were being performed in a 20 foot deep pool. My boyfriend splurged for front-row seats, which obviously enhanced the experience, but if you can afford any of the 'wet seats' you should go for them!
4	Just like any Cirque du Soleil performance except amazing props and massive stage settings done on water. Performing on water or underneath shouldn't be as easy as clipping my toenails. But I gotta hand it to the creative choreography.Everyone told me it was the best. Such hype and expectations built up for it that when I eventually got to see it, it turned out okay. Personally I just like foreign clowns who just beep and toot. Unless they're flipping around and throwing fireballs at each other, it's not much of a hype to me. But the beeping and tooting clowns always make a good comeback to me.
5	This is without a doubt, THE best cirque show (IMO). I LOVE the water aspect, it really just takes the entire show to whole other, unbeatable level. I've seen: Ka, Mystere, Allegria, Verakai and out of all of them, O is my favorite (Ka being my second favorite). The traveling shows are really good, but to me, they kind of all seem the same (but that will never deter me from going whenever they're in my area) and they just dont compare to the Vegas shows. This is also the show with my favorite soundtrack (I bought the Corteo soundtrack and DVD as well). I listen to it all the time, it's very calming and it almost makes me nostalgic.....I immediately am brought back to the O theatre and my first experience in Vegas. I would definitely see this show again. As for all of you going to see it with high high high expectations, I would say that you will be blown away but you shouldn't go expecting anything except to see a great show. Bravo cirque! :) You made me a fan for life after this show! p.s. to all of you who bring cameras and try to snap pics, don't do it!! i heard performers can make mistakes and for those of you who've seen the shows, you're already sweating enough from their acrobatics, how guilty would you feel if you were the cause of a potential injury????
5	Amazing. What a great show!Note: If you sit in the first row or two you might get a little wet, I was in the second row.
5	LOVED IT!  I was was spell-bounded from beginning to end.  Luckily Cirque du soleil were offering tickets for half off so I splurged and got the front row wet seats.  Totally makes me want to check out more Cirque Du Soleil shows in Vegas!!
5	You definitely haven't experienced Vegas to the fullest if you leave without seeing Cirque du Soleil's O show!!! I got lucky during my visits cus my parent's were able to get me complimentary tickets not once but twice to experience this breath taking, phenomenal show. I'd seriously pay if i had to cus it is seriously just... O-mazing. O-tastic. Ridiculous! If you're a Cirque fan, this is a must. I'm not going to go into any details but throughout the show, there's so much going on! Just how I like it, everything felt so spontaneous and even overwhelming (cus so much was going on at once) but it was seriously... elaborately and beautifully put together.My first experience there, we sat in the very front row and we definitely got a bit wet... but i didnt care cus the show seriously just kept me on the edge of my seat throughout the whole night! (show lasted about ... less than 2 hours) but second time around... lesson learned. If you sit behind row D... you'll be safe and dry and the experience is just as spectacular! I definitely want to experience the show from the balcony seats one day though (FYI: heard it's actually less expensive AND you get the whole view of the stage!!!).Seriously, do yourself the most memorable favor by treating yourself to enjoy this show. warning: it will sweep you off your feet =)
4	Went to Las Vegas last weekend and based on a recommendation bought tickets to see O.  This was my second Cirque show, but the first in Vegas.  The show was definitely amazing with breath taking stunts and beautiful scenery.  The theater was beautiful and the tickets were worth every penny.  So why not a perfect five star?  I think the problem is that once you see a Cirque show, every other Cirque show seems a little too familiar.  Different story line, different scenery, but the same show with a new twist.  For "O" the twist was the water.  This was amazing.  However, the overall style was something I had seen before.  Would highly recommend the show if you haven't seen one or even if you have and are a big fan.  When in Vegas, we heard that if you were only going to one Cirque show, that this was a good one.  No regrets!
3	I guess I had high hopes for it, being my first Cirque show but it was actually kind of boring after a while... I guess I was expecting more stuff to go on but all they had was swimming and diving which was interesting but not as cool as a lot of commercials i have seen for other cirque shows.It was good just not great.
5	Exhilarating! I have heard about seeing something so beautiful you are moved to tears and I definitely felt this when I watched O. Perhaps O stands for "Orgasm...for your eyes" or just the sounds you'll keep making "O!" in reaction to all the stunts. There were so many amazing things happening at the same time, I didn't know what to watch! The seats were amazing too! We sat in the 7th row smack in the middle, which gave us a perfect view of everything! Definitely worth the money to see something so spectacular.
5	This is my first Cirque de Solei show and I gotta say it was AMAZING! Everything about it from the performers to the stage art to the execution of everything, it was AWESOME.The stage art was so beautiful I can't even explain it. Whoever choreographed it and came up with the design behind every single set is a GENIUS. There was so much going on that I had no idea what to focus my eyes on. I mean, there's always a "main performance" but there's so many side performances in the back and sides that my eyes got so dizzy looking everywhere hahaThe show runs around a little over 1 1/2 hours. I have nothing to compare this to but this is a DEFINITE recommend for the show. I mean, based on the ratings alone, I know I'm not the only one who thinks so.
3	O, Cirque du Soleil, your "O" showMakes many who see it crow, "Oh!"   I'll be fair and square--   It has lots of flairBut, campy and quaint, doesn't flow. Even before the show began, the questions mounted... O as an endless entity representing infinity?O as in "Oh!"O representing a big orgasm of sensory experience?O as in O-cean?O bringing up the tail end of H2O? The show itself didn't really answer any of these questions, but certainly raised O-so-many more... O dear..why did the little princess covet the dress at the beginning then forget about it for the rest of the show only to wear it at the end?O my...why were those characters in powdered wigs morphed from Louis XIV's court prancing about?O gosh...with all that water around, why didn't they douse the dude who was always on fire?O brother...why pull the plant with the red baseball cap from the audience?O darn...why weren't there more clown acts?The whole production is a quirky fusion of the Summer Olympics (both high diving and synchronized swimming), a very convoluted opera, and Tchaikovsky's Nutcracker Suite, all of which are force-fit into a matrix of circus elements. It has a lot of splash and dash but, ultimately, it leaves you high and dry. Like a promising Victorian thriller with surreal elements gone awry, the show bites off more than it can chew and I was left wondering what it all meant because few of the herky-jerky themes are resolved.O stays out of two-star territory because the production values are very high, the athleticism and skill of the troupe is remarkable and the stage machinery is nothing short of amazing. We sat right in the front middle of the upper orchestra (Section 203). This was far enough back to get some semblance of the wet three ring circus they were cramming onto the stage, but close enough to see small details. Even with these great seats, the show wasn't really worth the high price.Outside in the lobby, you can view a sculpture gallery featuring the works of Richard MacDonald. His bronze figures of acrobats and dancers are quirky and cool in a similar vein to the O production. However, just like O, they aren't worth their ridiculously high sale prices.O well!
3	Pretty darn cool. The things some people can do are amazing. How do you bend like that?? How do you jump so high?! How are you NOT dizzy?? O has water, acrobatics, a whole bunch of stuff. The music is moving and the choreography is intricate. Its a great experience if you haven't seen production show... but its always booked up so try to get tickets asap :)
1	Saw this show in November 2008 with friends. Have seen many other Cirque du Soleil shows and this is by far the worst one! There are better shows to see in Vegas. My friend actually started to fall asleep from boredom!!Go see something else!!
3	We were so impressed with KA, we decided to splurge for another show. Since we were staying at the Bellagio we picked O.  UGH - what the heck.Now, the performers were brilliant...butI felt as though I was on a date with the stranger next to me the seats were so smooshed. The storyline was so out there it was impossible to follow.  And I am pretty good at picking up abstract concepts.  If someone had just told me that it was a circus show, don't look for a story line, I think I might have enjoyed it better.  But you could tell they were trying to tell some sort of story...what the hell was up with the lady in the red dress??  She scared me.Definitely will not be spending the $250 to go back to that showProbably would have been better if the clown guys were on the whole time - loved them
5	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show and it was the best Cirque du Soleil show I have ever seen (I've only seen another, Varekai). This one takes place mostly on water and it is simply spectacular! The performers were brilliant, the stories were funny and captivating. I had seen Cirque du Soleil on Bravo before this but I fell in love with all things Cirque after experiencing this show. Needless to say, I am on a mission to view as many Cirque shows as possible!!
5	AMAZING! Extremely over stimulating though. I felt as if I needed about five different brains to take all the commotion in! There was everything going on and let me tell you not once did I feel the slightest bit un-entertained! You must go! Contortionists kind of scared me but other than that the diving and the big black guy in a thong. Too great not to experience! Definitely splurge and get front row seats, I feel as if the nose bleeds would not be as effective.
1	it is not worth the money.  nothing special about the show, if i can give no start, i'd give no star.  there's absolutely nothing to rave about.
5	It is often said that Las Vegas is home to some of the world's best entertainment.O is complete and total proof of that statement.  This show is spectacular, from start to finish. I actually need a word better than spectacular. The infrequent occurs - Lizzie rendered speechless. Try to obtain seats close to the stage, all mysteries remain intact if you do.  The first two rows are wet seats - if you're lucky like Big Jeff was, the girl in front of you will be wearing a white shirt sans undergarment and get doused!  No mystery there!Don't be fools like us and procrastinate. See it as soon as you get a chance!!
5	What a great show!The theater is absolutely amazing as well as the performers. I really didn't know what to expect coming to this show. I just knew that there was water.. and...uh not sure what else! :)I am very glad that I was able to come here during our trip to Vegas. We came during the 10:30 PM show and sat on the top balcony, section 303 right in the center. If you can afford it, I would recommend trying the upper orchestra seats as the balcony were nice to get a holistic view, but at times it was hard to tell the detail of the costumes/etc due to the proximity. I won't talk about the show too much just so you can experience it fully, but I will let you know that it is worth every penny. You can tell they put a LOT of time and money into it and I will guarantee you will have a good time.
3	"O" is an all in water performance.  The stage is a giant pool that morphs and contorphs into all different sizes, the performers will be doing dives and acrobatics into a 20+ foot deep pool and then a few moments later, they're standing, the pool closes up.  This part amazed me, where did all the wawa go?Out of the six Cirque show in Las Vegas, this is one of the most popular by the general public.  It's almost always sold out.  I on the other hand, am not like everyone else, and thought the show was beautiful but not as great as some of the other Cirques that I've seen, that's why I've rated it a 3.5.It is a slower moving more tranquil type of the Cirque performances.  It has some beautiful parts, colorful costumes and jaw dropping acts.  Being at the Bellagio, it's classy and upscale.I certainly enjoyed it, it was entertaining, but like I've mentioned very slow moving.  The average person in attendance is 45+ yr old.  Being said, slow moving show, older person, they'll probably really dig it. Quite frankly, Le Reve, which is the other water show here in Vegas, which was also done by the creators of Cirque, but not classified as one, was better.  I would have given Le Reve a 5.   There are 4 price categories:$150, $125, $99 & $93.50 (which is an obstructed view seat)Don't forget to add a $5 service fee onto each ticket and 10% show tax.The $150 tickets totals $170.The obstructed view for this particular show, aren't actually that bad, you just cannot see the performers come on/off the stage on one side b/c you would be located in the front far side section.  Still really great seats if you ask me.I believe if people hadn't talked the show up so much before I saw it, I probably would have enjoyed it much more.  The performers put on a great show, but it's just kinda boring.If this is one of your first Cirque viewings, I'm sure you'll absolutely love it.  But I've seen them all and have a very high standard for what the Cirque theme stands for.
5	You will truly appreciate all the incredible talent and work that goes into a Cirque du Soleil show with O. You have to imagine that these performers get water logged after awhile but they put on one of the most masterful performances anywhere. RIght next to LOVE this deserves to be called one of the top shows in Vegas. I would advise wearing shoes, socks, and pants because the audience seats can get a bit chilly (they climate control the entire theater to keep the stage at exactly the right temperature).
5	What a great Cirque du Soleil show. I have been to a few of these shows in New York and nothing compares to this one. Who would have ever thought that a production would be performed mostly in the water. You will find everything here from high dive jumpers, comedy, in water show and some dry show. The stage is huge and the pool must at least be 12ft deep because the high divers are jumping from at least 25ft from the pool. Since the theater is in the extravagant Bellagio it calls for good drinks and plenty of dining and tons of things to do before and after the show. I would highly recommend "O" for anyone that is a fan of Cirque Du Soleil and water shows.
4	Not as good as my all time favorite Mystere but it definitely comes to a really close second. The acrobatics and effects will leave you in awe. There are some really slow parts that made me almost sleep. all in all it is a great show and you will get good value for your money.
5	My wife and I just came back from Las Vegas. I have to admit that "O" is great. I am not the biggest fan of these shows as I usually visit Las Vegas for only one reason...playing Poker. However, I was very pleased to see the show, especially that my wife loved it. I know that she was very happy and the best part is that we were together spending quality time. TO ALL THE GUYS: If you want to make your wives or girlfriends happy, this is the place. We had the front row seats which are called wet seats. We only had a few sprinkles of water but nothing major. However, spending $150.00 per ticket to see this show it is money well spent. Access was easy, we only waited a few minutes to get to our seats but if you have to wait longer, there is a bar next to the theatre where we got to watch The Lakers play the Nuggets while waiting. Hey, being a guy you have to look for other ways to combine pleasing your girl and not being negative so there is room for everything. After the show, we went back to the bar to smoke. My wife had her cigarettes and I had my cigar with a martini. What else can you ask for? The only bad thing was gambling at the Bellagio. I have never been able to win anything there but anyway, that is a different story. I strongly recommend this especially to all the guys that want to score big with their girls. GO GET YOUR TICKETS AND TREAT YOUR GIRL. YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!!!
5	This was a fantastic Cirque show.  The theater had excellent seating and there probably was not a bad seat in the house.  If you sit in the first two rows, you may get wet but it's relatively minor.Also, you can bring in your own snacks and drinks to save money.  The only thing is if its in a glass container, they make you put it in a plastic cup.  This is a lot better than other shows in the strip (ahem Phantom of the Opera) where you can't bring in anything period.The show is a little on the longer side (around 2.5 hours) but you're definitely engaged throughout the whole thing.
5	I've seen three Cirque du Soleil shows so far.  O was my first and still my favorite.  My boyfriend and I got the most expensive seats (sat in the 5th row) when we went and I thought they were way too close.  The theater is relatively small so I don't recommending forking out the extra money for the seats up front.  I actually missed a lot of what was going on inside the water because we were so close.  Only good thing was that I had an awesome view of all the costumes and they were beautiful!There was not a single dull moment in the show.  I enjoyed watching every performer and their acts.  I think the fact that the whole thing was done in water made it that much more awing.  Definitely recommended!!
4	One of the best shows in Las Vegas. Worth the money they are charging. I didn't buy the best seats but my view was wonderful.  It was artistic, funny, beautiful stage and costumes, very talented performers....simply amazing.
4	After having seen "Le Reve" I had unusually high expectations for "O". I can see why this particular show is the most popular and the overall rated "best" in LV. Personally I do appreciate the stage design, the novelty elements, and the funny clowns. However, I feel that they relied a bit more on the stage and the eyecandy factor, the acrobatic and aerial moves didn't really impress me compared to your avg circus shows in Asia. To quote my friend L, the show is mostly about people swinging around in pretty costume and then dive into the big pool on the bottom. The stage design is amazing though and I think it's worth the one very expensive ticket I paid for it. Though to be honest, I think "Le Reve" is prettier and more intimate, in terms of the aerial moves... Saw "Ka" 4 days later and is immensely impressed by that one...  Guess things get old very fast in Las Vegas!!
5	my 1st show! simply amazing!funny clowns, contortionists, high dives, so much talent.something about the music and the stunts brought me to tears at one point.the view from the balcony was nice, you could see everything on stage. you might not be able to see some of what the clowns are doing in the beginning, but its not much. it's nice to see the entire stage!
2	I fell asleep during O. I know, I know. It's supposed to be one of the best shows in Vegas, but I just couldn't get into it. I thought they relied too much on stage design, and very little on story and the "wow" factor. Overall, I thought the water element was too gimmicky, and in the end, worked against the show.I saw Ka last winter and thought it was absolutely mind-blowing, so I was expecting O to be along the same lines in terms of production. I was really disappointed with O. Anyway, like some others have said, there really are few bad seats in the house. I could see the front rows and the seats along the sides of the theater having obstructed views. We were seating on the first balcony (LOGGIA, right), in the first and only row, so our view was pretty spot on.So, if you're planning on seeing O, I would recommend checking your expectations at the door. Hopefully, you won't fall asleep too! :)
4	This is yet another great Cirque show in Las Vegas!  This one, located in the lovely Bellagio, is a must-see for any Cirque fan.  I would give it 4.5 stars if that was an option, and I think this is a 5-star experience for most visitors.  Why won't I give it 5 stars you ask?  Simply put, because it didn't blow me away.  It was fantastic, but maybe I expected too much?  Maybe I wasn't in a 5-star mood that night?  I don't know, but I can tell you that when I think back on that night, nothing from the show stands out...except maybe the guy that squawks like a bird and flops around on the floor.  He was memorable.Anyway, see the show.  It is great.  I might go back one day to see if it is better the 2nd time around.  You certainly won't be disappointed.
5	Absolutely fantastic....worth every bit of the ticket price!   We were seated to the right of the stage about 8 rows up on the main floor and the view was perfect!  I was blown away and would recommend this show highly, especially to Vegas first-timers
4	It's really hard to describe O to someone who hasn't seen it...  No, it's not a circus.  No, it's not just acrobatics.  Yes, there's water, but that's not all there is to it...Like many of the cirque shows it starts off with a funny person who gently leads you into the show.  The show itself is storyless but busy! There are a LOT of things happening all at the same time.  Almost hard to figure out where to focus, but somehow -- it all fits.  The music is typical cirque - live, ethereal, beautifully done.  The stage and the water portion of it is outstanding.Very worthwhile, even if you can't quite explain what it is you saw to your "O-less" friends!
3	I actually have seen this show twice. The first ime was when it first debuted in Vegas some years ago. That was before a host of new Cirque shows pop up in LV. The first time I thought it was awesome...because I have not seen anyhting like it before. Recently, we went to see it again...this time I found it less entertaining. Maybe its because I have had a chance to see the newer Cirque shows like Ka. I will rate Ka way ahead of O for the wow factor. If you choose to go see O stay away from the corner sections...better to sit further back center than upfront to the sides. And no rain coats are not needed even if you choose a wet seat. Enjoy!
4	Finally I got to see a show in Vegas last week!! Again, last minute decision. But quite worth the price! The show itself IS hard to explain, there was alot going on and I gasped a couple of times thinking the acrobats were gonna crash into each other. The performers were like acrobats, swimmers and actors all in one. Witch like women came out of the water, there were scary faces, almost like a nightmare that you secretly wish would end. There was a dude chasing a woman trying to return her red scarf. Then there were the little chinese girls that put their whole body over their head, (shiver) I don't know but I really liked it!
2	An overpriced circus show with water.Yes, that is what this is.  My girlfriend wanted to see this, so guess what I did............yea I sucked it up and bought the tickets.  I wasn't too interested in seeing it, but I figured to make the best of it and thought "Hey Brian, maybe this will at least be a bit interesting."So what did I do?  I got all stupid with a 2 1/2 foot drink from Fat Tuesdays prior to this show.  With me, alcohol makes the uninteresting, interesting.  It makes the somewhat funny, hilarious.  It makes the really funny into die hard laughter.  There was no laughter this time.I bought these tickets under the assumption that this would be the best Cirque du Soleil in town, I guess I was wrong.  I probably would have been better off with 'KA.This show is for the wanna-be elite and pretentious crowd.  The "clowns" were doing the lamest things and the crowd was eating it up. I think that some of the crowd was just uncomfortable and forced the laugh.  I could hear it in their voices.  When the crowd let out one nervious laugh, I burst out with a loud fake laugh to the dismay of my girlfriend.  Her eyes gave me the "You aren't getting laid tonight!" look.  Shit.I feel asleep a minimum of five times. The only reason why I woke up was because the fat guy next to me was weezing loudly.The actors give alot of effort to this show, that is why the two stars instead of one.  The show itself sucks, but the effort from the actors and the production values are extremely good.  This is probably one of the hardest working shows in Vegas, however, it can not live on that alone.The people walking out of this show oozing with awe was priceless.  "Wow that was sooooooo awesome.  That story was hard to follow!"  Oh yes, the young beautiful woman dropping her scarf and being stalked by creepy men was so difficult to understand!  I felt like I was watching Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back for the first time!  Vader is Luke's father?  NO WAY!  THE GIRL IN "O" WAS BEING PERSUED BY ALL THE MAJOR CHARACTERS FOR ROMANTIC ENDEVOURS?  OH NO WAY!  SHUT UP!This show was either for the extremely stupid or the extremely snotty/pretentious.  Save your money and go see another Cirque show.  Actually, take your money and buy tickets for the Jersey Boys.  This show pales in comparison to it.
5	There are no words to describe this show. Its totally crazy, insane, and incredible. As far as I can tell there are no bad seats. Could have done w/o the clowns, but they have a minor part. Go.
4	Being a broke recent college grad, this was my splurge after seeing countless Cirque shows on PBS re-runs for years. I sat up in the balcony section with an "obstructed view" which basically meant I couldn't really see the antics of the opening stage performers who played some gags in the crowd. The music was gorgeous and if you spy in the upper-right hand corner, you can see the ladies in white dresses belting out their haunting notes live. The acrobatics created collective gasps and applause from the audience and the way they played with water was endless. The water levels changed so smoothly that sometimes, the performers seemed as if they were dancing lightly across the surface of the pool. The overall effect was visually stunning. The only "blah" parts were the intermission acts of two goofy clowns floating on a half flooded house. It gave me a couple of chuckles but was painfully obvious that it was a ploy to keep the audience entertained while the sets were prepped. There wasn't a story line although I cheerfully made one up in my head and it was difficult to focus on one part of the stage over another when so much was going on. There's usually a central act but a half dozen performers doing their own things on the side which is distracting.But my ticket was $82 buckaroos and totally worth every penny!
2	Wasn't impressed by this show and even slept through part of it. I saw another cirque du Soleil show at Suffolk Downs a few years back that was much more entertaining. I have to give the performers credit though, the acrobatics and diving were pretty cool.
5	This was the first thing my friends did when we planned our Vegas Trip, buy the tickets for this show.I must admit I wasn't too excited about it.  I've never really liked circuses or acrobats so, I thought I wouldn't like it.  Was I wrong.I LOVED it!  No matter where you're seating you'll have a great view.  There's always something going on at every angle of the stage.  Even if you look up you'll see singers.  There's comedy, beautiful music, water, acrobats, clowns, and more.  The Clowns I don't really like but here were ok, I was having such I great time I didn't mind them, actually, they even made me laugh a bit.This is another great show for the whole family, people of all ages.  Definitely worth going.  It will leave you wanting to check the rest of the Cirque du Soleil shows.
5	The show is totally worth the money.  I bought loggia tickets during spring promotion (buy one ticket and the second one for $25), and I had pretty good view.  The show was fabulous.  All the diving and acrobat was really impressive.  The music was also really good.  I didn't really like the clowns all that much, but they are somewhat entertaining, I guess.  One biggest negative of this show is its lack of storyline.  The whole show was dreamlike and had abstract connection.
5	I loved the show, but mostly because of its uniqueness. The acrobatics were great, but not better then other Cirque du Soleil shows that i have seen. The amazing stage allows such unique acts with water that the audience is simply in awe for most of the show. The only thing that could have been done better were the clown acts. The clowns were not very funny, nor sad, they were just blah. If you are in Vegas, this is the number one destination, bar none.
3	This was a very nice show.  The performers were very good and show was very professionally done. I loved the acrobats and the diving.I wouldn't sit through it again, but I am glad that I saw it.
3	I agree with Hope and Justin. I watched it last night for the first time and it's just good for me. If you are into those acrobatic and diving things you might like it more. I sat at the balcony level in the corner so I agree that it's not quite a good spot to watch the show. The best seat will be the center balcony seat because there were so many things going on at once so it would be best to watch the show in the big picture. My first choice was KA but my friends had seen it so we went for the "O". We all agreed that it was just good not great. At one point, I fell asleep because to me the show was repetitive some how. I would give it a Four if they had a better story line to follow, again, my friends and I agreed.
3	This is a nice show. The show doesn't really have a storyline, but it keeps you entertain with all the stunts. Nice dream like decor/settings that compliments the music. Several different type of performances from acrobats, high diving in the water to a guy on fire. Well done production and performers are amazing at what they do. I would say I am not a show type person, but if you go to one, "O" is a decent choice.
3	What just happened?? I'm confused. O_oI was dying to see this show for a while, so when me and my friends planned our last big Vegas trip, I made sure there was a budget to see this show. But now I'm not so sure if it was worth it. The theatre itself is gorgeous. Take a look at the ceiling. Its amazing. Of course, it's in Bellagio. It better look gorgeous! The stage is made of a huge pool for the acrobats to dive into. And there are mini stages coming up from below... behind... everywhere!I opted for the wet seats in row 3 for maximum experience. Me and my friends got hit dead on with this splash/stream of water. Not very good when you're all dolled up ready for clubbing. The water even dripped into my shoes! Luckily, we had some napkins to dry ourselves. I guess that's what I get for getting seats that close to the stage. Get seats a little further away if you want to stay dry. The show itself was kind of confusing. The storyline was definitely lacking, so I sat there in confusion most of the time. But the stunts and costumes were amazing. They even have their own funny clowns (yes, like the ones with the red noses). This show is definitely good for people who are super into artistic flair. It can get slow at times though.The show wasn't as impressive as I thought it would be though. Maybe it's because there didn't seem to be any sort of order or reason or things. It was more like a bunch of random acts put into a show. I think there's just so much hype about "O" that it almost sets itself up for disappointment. This show is kind of overrated, especially for the amount of money you have to shell out for the show. There are barely any to none discounts floating around for this show. Go watch this show if you've got some money to spare (the cheapest seats are $93.50!). I'd rather go watch Le Reve if I want to watch a Cirque Du Soleil water show.
4	Hats off to Cirque du Soleil for putting on another amazing show.  Pretty much every Cirque show I've been able to see I've always sat there wishing the performance would never end.Similar to many Cirque shows there is always a storyline (if you can catch it) of a person going through many dream/fantasy worlds searching for something.  For 'O" the underlying message was about a person finding love.  As you watch the show you can see many of the performances coupled up and they even had a scene of many bride and grooms dancing together.Music, costumes, and performers were just amazing.  I really appreciated the art and music of the whole show.  Being that it was a water show of course there wasn't as many amazing stunts as Mystere but there were still quite a few where I was sitting at the edge of my seat holding my breath.Another great production by Cirque.  Can't wait to catch KA the next time I'm in Sin City.
5	Amazing show! Almost too much going on at some times. Fantastic.
2	I'm happy that I got a promo price on these tickets as my hubby and I left far less than pleased. This is the final cirque show that we wanted to see in Vegas (have been to Ka, Zumanity and Mystere. Have no interest in Love or Criss Angel) and since I was told that it was the best of all the cirque shows I was excited to leave this one for last. Well... I didn't get it. I know that the story lines of the cirque shows can be complicated but not my husband, nor myself could makes heads or tails of this one.  Besides the lack of storyline, my husband told me afterward that he actually nodded off twice! I was a bit relieved because I thought it was just me who was having trouble staying awake. The diving was the best part of the show. The weird French Canadian clowns were the worst part. If you haven't seen KA yet, go there instead of this one.
5	this is the second time Ive seen O and it is was as amazing as the first time!!  the theater is beautiful and is a must see at least once!  you're in Vegas so its okay to splurge a little!! =P  My favorite act were from the two clowns ("ai-ya") and the diving was amazing!!  Make sure to go a little early for the pre-show which is entertaining!  i sat in loggia, and the seats kinda sucked imo.  I couldnt really see their faces very well and there is a bar thats right in front of you since its kind of like a balcony, which blocks your view if you sit in your chair comfortably.  I had to lean forward the entire show and got a huge back cramp!  I had super good seats the first time i went.  Its worth it to pay a little more!!FYI... even though its vegas and its 117 degrees outside, be sure to bring a light sweater.  The theater is extremely cold and by the end of the show i had a running nose. =T
4	I've been lucky to have seen quite a few Cirque du Soleil shows in a few cities and I'm familiar with their surreal stories and music tying circus acts together formula. In a way, they've been very smart in persuading us to part with large sums of cash to watch acts which I used to watch in the old Big Top circuses by adding in arty elements.Having said that, I do enjoy them and some of the feats from the performers still draws gasps and 'peering through fingers' moments!O is a clever play on 'eau', the French word for water and it give s clue to the underlying theme to this Cirque du Soleil offering. There is a custom built theatre in the Bellagio and it truly is the most amazing stage I've seen. Never holding its form for long, the stage metamorphosizes into a swimming pool at a drop of a hat, enabling divers to plunge into water where moments ago, someone had been dancing on a stage. Coordinated to a frighteningly small margin of error, the constant changes to the stage do contribute to the bravery and spectacle of the performance.The surreal themes of the Cirque shows can sometimes seems a little pretentious to me but here, the theme of love is quite easy to follow.The acts are fun to watch and amazing to behold. If you had to catch one Cirque show in Vegas, this would be my recommendation
3	Ok, so let me start with... I LOVE Cirque du Soleil.  I have seen at least 10 different ones.  'O' is one of my least favorites. I don't think the show is bad, it's just not for me.  So, this is why.... I LOVE water.  I love to swim, but why is this show so much diving?  I feel like I'm at a diving and swimming competition.  I got so sick of the same old thing in this show.  I think there is just only so much you can do with water. It seemed like the different scenes were very disparate.  I wanted this show to be really good, but they rely to heavily on the water gimmick.  In most Cirque shows, there is a 'oh my gosh' feeling, and this one just doesn't have it. The theatre is beautiful and comfortable.  The ceiling is amazing.  The stage/pool is amazing, I can't believe that they have a pool this size with all the engineering behind it in the Bellagio.  It's amazing. The costumes (especially the black and white ones) are great!  We stayed at the Bellagio and planned well in advance.  The Bellagio has tickets set aside that you can purchase in a Bellagio guest section.  Our seats were great. I'm glad I went but I wouldn't ever go back (like I have with Ka and Mystere) therefore the 3 stars.I'm glad I saw it, because I love Cirque. I wouldn't go back.  If you want to see a Cirque show and can't see them all (and there are so many in Las Vegas now) don't go to 'O'.  Go to Mystere or Ka.
5	I've seen "O" and I've seen "Mystere."  Having seen O first, Mystere didn't seem as good.O really is great.  Several years after my first visit, I returned with my wife and took her to see it.  She loved it just as much as me.  Great show.
5	My first Cirque du Soleil experience and I couldn't have asked for anything better!  Went with the bf and we got a great deal...they have a promo where you buy 1 ticket and get the next ticket for only $25!  We were a little further back then I would have wanted to be but for $175 can't complain.They do amazing acrobatics and acting both in and out of the water.  They have comedic acts in between all the crazy water diving and tricks which were pretty funny.I definitely would like to experience and go see some of the other shows in Vegas.
4	Beautiful Show.  I love all the acrobatic moves and the music...everything was great except for those 2 clowns.  I dont see a point in them (total waste of time--I wish they could replace those two clowns which at least took up 10 minutes of the show).I got front row seats (you do get a little wet with all the water splashing on the stage) which wasnt smart because it's too close to the stage and you miss a lot of stuff going on since the stage is HUGE.  Best to get seats maybe 12-15 rows behind front row.
5	Great show!
5	"O-mazing". That was all I could say about this show, and it's not because I have a speech impediment. I had no idea what the hell was going on, but it was still an amazing show. The show ran for about an hour and a half and it was a visual overload of special effects, acrobatics, contortionists, swimmers, dancers, divers, clowns, fire dancing and a man on fire. Yep. There was a dude on fire. I don't know why he was on fire, but he was, and he was chilling in a chair!I especially loved the funny clown character on a floating house/boat that came out to interact with the audience betwen the acts. It helps that I'm not scared of clowns, unlike 98% of the human population thanks to movies like "IT". But even if you are scared of clowns, you will love this clown because he won't eat you or follow you home. Although I would still check your back seat and trunk on the way home just incase.The e-mail confirmation will tell you that you need to retrieve your tickets (if you paid on-line) at the box office one hour before the show or else they will give your seats away with no refund. This is only to scare you to get there early. We ran into traffic on Las Vegas Blvd going from Encore to Bellagio (which is where O is playing) and got there right when the show started and they let us in with no problem. Vallet was free with tips only, which saved us a lot of time looking for parking. There were even people walking in almost 15 minutes into the show.
5	Mind-blowingly Beautiful!!!From the opening moments of clowning around to the beautiful finale, this is a show worthy of spending your hard earned money on.  It radiates joy, beauty and ecstasy.  All of the performers just exude passion and joy from their very tips of their toes.  The music is typically dramatic and enjoyable as all Cirque shows have the manner of being.  I spent the first ten minutes with tears in my eyes at how perfect everything was. Truly with the addition of the pool, they have created such a thrilling and dramatic experience that is sure to stay with you long after you've left Vegas.Before entering the theatre, spend some time viewing the beautiful sculptures on display featuring some talented Cirque du Soleil performers.
3	We were pretty excited about seeing O especially after have already see Mystere and Ka.  We had pretty high expectations for this show, and it just didn't live up to them.  We both left the show with a "wasn't nearly as good as we thought it would be" feeling.  This cirque show has a lot more emphasis on water, and of course the staging was done beautifully, however the acrobats were not as good as we expected when comparing to others, like Mystere or Ka.  It seems that most yelpers prefer O to other shows, but we saw Mystere at half the price and would prefer it to O any day of the week!
5	This was my first Cirque show and I was thrilled with my choice. There are a bunch to choose from in Vegas and it has been said you can't go wrong with any of them. The water theme of this show is amazing... it's hard to imagine where they find such multi-talented performers who possess gymnastic/acrobatic/diving/swimming and other related skills. The choreography is stunning. There is a submersible stage that rises up from below the water for some numbers then plunges deep enough to accommodate flying gymnasts who sail thru the air and knife thru the water. Throughout the night you'll find yourself shaking your head in amazement and saying "Wow! How do they do that?!"
5	Completely surreal!  I'm still trying to sort it all out in my head.  I would love to go back and see it again because there is always so much going on on stage.  The dives were amazing, the coordination and grace, the strangeness...I couldn't enjoy the fire performers because of the seated man on fire behind them.  wth?!?!  And the English lords that kept running across the stage and showing up in the oddest places were so amusing.  It has definitely stuck in my head and I'm still wondering about it.  The clowns weren't that funny but the little one was cute.  And, we did get splashed so keep that in mind.  The performers do come out into the audience, but keep to the water and stage most of the time.The frozen cocktails were yummy!  The Pink was the best, but the "O" wasn't bad either.
5	Stunning.Beautiful, moving, profound, a feast for every sense.  Words don't cut it to describe this show.  Go see it.  Go to Vegas if you have to.And once you're there, do make sure you pick up your tickets as soon as you're able- there will be people who didn't buy in advance, and they'll be circling the ticket lines like vultures waiting to pounce.  Try to get seats a few rows back so you can see the whole stage; my mom and I were in the front row, and while it was incredible to feel the water and the heat from the fire, I wished I'd been able to take in the whole spectacle a little better.Why are you still reading this?  Go now.
5	With 292 or so reviews already entered for the celebrated show, there's very little I could possibly add to make you want to see this show.  I will, however, offer the following:1. You should not stay up extremely late playing casino games the night before you're scheduled to attend this show.  You may kick yourself later for the irrepressible urge to nod off during O.  While some might think that would serve as a good reason to attend the show again, given the price of the tickets, it's far more in your best interests to get a good night's rest before attending. 2. As I have seen numerous Cirque du Soleil shows, I will say that in my opinion, O has the best music of all of them--melodic, lyrical, haunting, and tightly wound with the spectacles you'll see performed in front of you.
5	Words cannot possibly do this visual extravaganza justice. You really have to experience this in person. Everything from the beginning where they set up the story to the sheer mechanical prowess of the stage itself, not to leave out the physics defying capabilities of the human body and mastery of the elements, leaves your mind numb. I came into the show not expecting anything. Now I want to catch every  other Cirque du Soleils, like they were pokemons. A must see when visiting Vegas.
5	Fantastic...Surreal...Beautiful...AmazingIt's a MUST-SEE!!!
5	This was one of my list to do in Las vegas, MUST SEE ITit's worth watching acrobats, specially when they play in the water.Got my tickets in front row, middle aisle, I felt every little moment each acrobat perform and see why everyone gives a 5 star with almost 300 people commenting about this show!.I can't say much because you have to see it in person to feel it and appreciate it.  Every performance was Sensational and Love their custom outfits!I feel like I was I as living in a bubble, with all this acrobats jumping in the water, dances, the connection in each performance was breathtaking.a FLAWLESS SHOW!
5	I was intrigued after seeing the behind-the-scenes tour on the Discovery Channel's Time Warp. Then after watching the trailer on the Cirque website I had to see O. I'd never seen a Cirque du Soleil show, much less a show in Las Vegas. I was able to find a 25% discount on tickets for the 10:30 shows through the Bellagio website.O is amazing and surreal, with a little comic relief from a couple of clowns. Take it all in, stage, artists, costumes, music. A great performance is always supposed to leave you wanting more and this one did not disappoint!Cant' wait to see more Cirque du Soleil!
1	O is visually stunning, but it has no emotional impact. When's the last time you paid $190 to watch paint dry?
4	After seeing KA, I might have had expected too much from O. I liked it a lot, but I am still debating whether I liked better than KA or not.  A must see regardless in Vegas.
3	I think "O" was a bit too hyped up for me. After much anticipation, I saw my first Cirque show. I appreciated the work that the entertainers put in and the costumes/stage elements were visually stunning but the whole show seemed to lack an awe factor.  I found the storyline to be a bit lacking. There were also too many elements going on so it was a bit distracting. Focus here and you miss there. Too much visual consumption going on. While I thoroughly enjoyed the show overall, I thought that it was not a must see show. Personally I liked Le Reve better. My girlfriend liked "O" better. For everyone who has seen "O" and Le Reve, which did you like better?*Definitely take advantage of the buy one, get the second for $25 offer.
5	Breathtaking... unbelievable and beautiful!  I was lucky enough to get treated to the house seats for O, and it was just the most incredible performance I've ever witnessed. I laughed and I cried and clapped to my hearts content. I don't think I have ever stared at something for 3 hours straight just captivated by the moment. If you are looking for a Soleil show in Vegas, you MUST see O. The music and the costumes teamed up with graceful choreography and circus acts is just astounding and worth every penny.
5	we caught the 10:30pm sunday show of O and all i can really say is wow...  it was my 1st cirque du soleil show...  there was just so many things to see that were all happening at the same time...  we sat the left of the stage, 2nd row so we were really up and close to the stage...  which in my opinion was equivalent to watching tv, right in front of your face...  if we sat a few rows back we probably could have caught everything much better...  but none the less the synchronized swimming, the dives, acrobatic movements, the costumes, the fire circus, the clowns, the acting, the live music was on point and very entertaining...  i would definitely have to watch O again, but after i catch some of their other shows first...  h-100...
4	It took me 2 weeks to finally get a really good deal on the tix to see this show... MGM is running a summer promo till Nov 10, 2009 and i jumped on it. You pay full price for the first tix and $25 for the next. Of course, they will only offer very limited tix for this promo but i was determine...I called up the MGM box office everyday for 2 weeks but couldnt find any seats in center sections, they only have either center at balcony or the extreme corner seats for both Orchestra and Rear Och. Finally, after 2 weeks, a sweet lady called Rosemary managed to find 2 tix in Sec 203, Row U, Seat # 6 & 7 for only $202.50 total! What a steal...The first 30mins of the show was simply phenomenal but as it goes along, you will see some repetitions in acts and musics (i have seen 4 others Cirque shows). Overall, technically very challenging both in acts and stage works having the water level changing from stage to pool, simply mind blowing...Will i recommend this over other Cirque shows, well, if you are a first timer, then i would say NO... But if you already seen some of the Cirque show, then go ahead check this out coz its different due to the stage setting.
4	Really good show like always but not as good as zumanity of course their totally different things but it just wasn't as entertaining or really in syc. Some parts of the show were just totally irrelevant.
5	This was my very favorite Vegas Cirque show until I saw Ka. Everyone needs to see this.I can't figure out how they do it, but that's part of the fun. We couldn't get tickets and had to stand in standby for an hour. That was a drag. Five minutes in to the show we got to the front of the line. They can't tell you where the tickets are, so you take your chances. We turned out to get aisle center orchestra seats because the planted audience members that turned out to be part of the show were occupying these seats. Yay!Don't hestitate.
5	The way I always describe this show is, "it was like the most amazing, fantastically beautiful dream I've ever had."  Even though I am not nearly creative or coordinated enough to actually have this dream - - I can still dream that they could be this dreamy.
5	The first time I saw O was several years ago and I had spectacular seats (splash seats, 3rd row, dead center).  This go-around, I took my parents (who love Vegas shows, but usually due to their frugalness, opt for the less expensive ones) and got excellent lower orchestra seats (Row L, dead center).  Since I hadn't seen the show in a bit, I didn't remember much from the first time, but I did notice some subtle and not-so-subtle changes.   What I remembered most was the feeling I took away from the show - awe and inspiration.  O was and remains my favorite of the Cirque shows, though the second go-around wasn't nearly as awesome as the first (some due to the changes, some due to performer errors). Of all the Cirque shows I've seen (O, Mystere, Zumanity, and one who's name escapes me:  side note, I'm running behind seeing all the new Cirque shows in Vegas) I felt that it was the most grand and sweeping of them.  With most of the people I know, they tend to love O or Mystere.  I love O.
5	Insanely beautiful. Visually stunning. Your eyes will be entertained, and with that said, there is no real plot to follow along here, but damn you were will amused. It really is beautiful in there. The theatre and the stage and the performers the costumes, its all beautiful. This is the water show, and damn that set must have cost a lot, from turning into a wading pool, or a puddle to a full on diving pool. And whenever they take someone from the audience they're never really from the audience you know? But whatever. Beautifully choreographed and I wonder how they keep their breath that long. Do not be the retard that takes flash photography during the show, especially when the performing is dangling in the air doing acrobatics. Do not blind them while they're trying to maintain their balance as one retard did during the show I went to. Clap, and be entertained, and then check out their gift store. I have not one bad thing to say about this show.
4	One of the best parts of seeing a show like this in Vegas is how all of the obsession with gaming and drinking seems to drop from everyone's persona and we all return to be little kids fascinated by spectacle and possibility!O is an absolutely beautiful show filled with very talented performers. If you have never seen a Cirque du Soleil show, it is absolutely worth the price per ticket (though there are discounts to be had). That being said, I was not blown away and transported as I was with KA. Perhaps I am just so linear that I need more narrative--so if you know that about yourself, you might prefer KA. And still another caveat--if you are really interested in how a stage can transform and change and wonder how all of it works, the you must see O, because from that perspective, I was pleasantly stunned.I think the point in the end is that you must see more than one Cirque du Soleil show to truly appreciate the style!
4	Probably the best Cirque I have seen. The ability to visually trick you with a stage that moves unseen under the water is really impressive and fascinating. The fantastic acrobatics coupled with the water tricks and clowns is truly amazing. Again the water stage is really amazing. Is it solid? Is it water? Where did that guy go/come from? These are all the questions that boggle the mind during the show. All the things that Circus' should do, strike amazement and childlike wonder. Is it worth it? Definitely.
5	I'm a water girl, so this particular Cirque de Soleil show captured my heart and was sexy as hell. I've seen about six different Cirque shows over the years and many have similar elements (audience interaction, contortionists and comedic interludes), but this one was something special. And unlike other shows, I can't imagine it will ever tour due to the complex staging. There were certainly some wow moments, especially the acrobat doing a hands free headstand on the trapeze and the cliff divers who jump from the rafters into a small pool.  But my favorite part was the acrobats launched into the water from a variety of swings. It makes you feel as if you can take flight. Just a perfect blend of artistry, comedy and engineering wizardry.
5	$170 for a ticket right smack at the center of the lower section less than 24 hours before the show's sold-out performance.  Yes, I was very lucky, and the show was worth every penny.I think the best way to describe the show is with the use of adjectives:amazingbeautifulcolorfuldaringfantastic - O (thanks Luis C!)magicalmagnificentO-mazing (thanks Earl G!)stunningOh, who am I kidding?  Janice C. is absolutely right.  There are no words to describe the grace and beauty of this show.  You'll just have to check it out the next time you're in Las Vegas.  Highly recommended, I left the theatre that night in complete awe!
5	I love the show very much.  This show is the best out of all three that I saw.   I also saw Kooza on Randall's Island and Wintuk in Madison Sq. Garden, both in NYC.  The performance and the stage was so fascinating and breath taking that I wish I was sitting in the first row but I sat much farther away from the stage and also was sitting behind the metal bars that obstructed my view.  That happened  when I bought the tickets an hour before the show starts and thinking that I might get discounts on them but no I was wrong.  Never wait til the last minute to get tickets to see "O" .  Get tickets early so you can get good seats.
4	I can't believe I haven't written a review for O! So here it is:Spoil yourself or your loved one...and go see this show! O is on a scale of its own. It was magical! Brilliant! With all of its elements: The fire, the water, the acrobats and singing. The performers have incredible talent and so does the entire production! Note the curtain pull at the beginning. It looked like a silky red rose emerging from the stage and then disappearing into thin air. There was so much going on, which made it a bit overwhelming (minus the 1 star). I wish that it was in slow motion at parts, so I could have appreciated it more. From beginning to end, I was amazed at how they would transform the stage so smoothly! We got Ochestra seats for about $150 each and TOTALLY worth it. I'd recommend splurging for the lower level/ochestra seats because you don't want to miss anything that goes on. Beware the "wet seats" up close, it looked like those people needed raincoats! The theater is HUGE and very luxurious just like everything else in Bellagio. Seats were comfy! They took pics of us before the show and while we were in our seats. $45 for a set of pics in a nice album frame. My guy got suckered in and bought it for me. It was a great souvenir! Anyway, O was an unbelievable experience! I enjoyed all of it, but it didn't touch me like Ka did, which is my fav Cirque show.
5	O.. was OMG.. I loved every minute. I couldn't focus on one place on the stage, it's one of those that you can definitely see twice..Book seats on the balcony so you can see what's going on with the stage and the water.. from a lower level you don't see how amazing everything is.
5	Is there a place in the theater O does not drawn you in?Are you not a little afraid at some parts of the show?  For yourself?  For the Performers?Ar you not thrilled by the feats shown before you?Are you not connected to and moves by the music , visuals, aura, and timing of the show?Aren't you left wanting just a little more each time?If not, then you must not have been to see  O.
5	Our first show in Vegas.  it was great!  Amazing stage!! Great colors and cool customs.  The show is pretty exciting, and funny.  The first 2 rows might get a little wet!  Other then that, i think this is great for the whole family.
5	This show is the reason I love Cirque du Soliel. Watching this show I was entertained from beginning to end.  I am not that big a fan of the clown acts from these shows normally but even those part didn't bother me at all while watching O.The stage is amazing.  It morphs and transforms nonstop.  One moment, parts of it is a solid ground, the next second it's one of the deepest diving pool around.  This particular stage is almost as fascinating to watch as the acrobats themselves.  The only way you will ever get to see this show is right here because the acts could never be duplicated by a traveling Cirque show.  That is how important the transforming stage is to O.  It's not something you could take apart and move around from city to city.  The stunts were all spectacular, and nothing was recycled from any of the other cirque shows. That sometimes happens with their traveling shows.  The music is wonderful.  The costumes were elaborate and fun to see.The tickets are pricey but this show justifies every penny with every twist, turn, and dive they do.  If you could only afford to see only a few Cirque du Soliel shows in your life time, make sure this is one of them.
5	Lovely and beautiful.  Visually stunning, charming and even funny at times!  I've seen Mystere, Zumanity and LOVE in the past and I love LOVE but you cannot even begin to compare LOVE and O.  They're both so spectacular, but the stunts, the diving, etc. of O is breathtaking and awe inspiring!  We sat in in Section 204, Row R  and it was a great spot.  We were slightly bummed beforehand, but  there wasn't much available seating wise for same day tickets.  They're not easy to come by from discount ticketers so I urge you to buy them online before your trip or a couple of days in advance from the box office at Bellagio! What a magical, memorable experience!  Skip Mystere and Zumanity and go straight to O or LOVE!  Pick Mystere over Zumanity if you can't get either, Mystere definitley is a lovely show, just not quite as good as O or LOVE!
5	The title is a pun (for lack of a more academic term) on the French "eau," or water, which is the centerpiece of this magnificent production, performed on a massive moving stage/tank of water. Though it also might refer to its opera house evocative setting. Two clown sailors provide both comic relief and a thematic thru-line between a variety of aqua-centered acts drawing on a world of cultural touchstones and archetypes. Synchronized water dances, magnificent dives, trapeze artists, shadow play, fire play, drummers, floating islands moved by swimmers, all in an exquisite color palette and buoyed by a seamless cross cultural musical score. What seems like a cast of hundreds (okay, maybe only dozens) Truly a marvel of imagination, engineering, coordination and execution. Plus, it draws a well-dressed, great looking audience (not to mention the Richard Macdonald sculpture exhibit in the lobby). Take someone who you want to always remember that you took them ;-)
5	Fantastic Show! We were lucky enough to secure front row seats to this show. I can only say I was overwhelmed almost all the time and the visual, audio, and impact in terms of the content they wanted to show us was always present. There were no breaks in between but you won't need one anyways since you will probably forget about time. It passed pretty fast for us. We liked the bits and pieces they put in. The Acrobatic performances were very, very nice to see in person. After I over heard that they change their performance from time to time ... I would pay the price again to see this show again ... totally worth the time to see this !
5	This was my first Cirque de Soleil show I attended.  I was in awe and enjoyed every moment of the show.  My jaw dropped to the ground, I think my GF had to pick it back up and put it back into place for me.  I was sitting about 10-15 rows in the center section of the ground level.  The seats were great.  I played sports all my life and I have an admiration for people who are in these types of shows.  You have to be an athelete in tip top shape to do the these stunts.  The visual effects were stunning.  The stage transforms into many different environments for each act.  The floor can be a hard solid floor one minute, then a pool the next.  The live music brings the show together.  The show has alot of different types of elements.  There are dramatic, humurous, and fun scenes.  This show is what made me a fan of Cirque du Soleil.  I have seen other shows by Cirque du Soleil, but O is by far the best show so far.  Highly recommended to someone who wants a fun and entertaining show in Vegas.  It is a must see show and will not disappoint.
3	There was so much hype about this show from friends who has seen it but it didn't quite deliver as I had anticipated. The stunts and performances were amazing but not as jaw dropping spectacular as La Reve. The clown acts in between acrobatic performances were boring and far from entertaining. I think if I hadn't seen La Reve first, O would have left me mesmerized but La Reve activated my fascination with Cirque de Soleil.Tip: check out the seating charts before purchasing even if a sales staff tells you that your seats are incredible and unobstructed. You could be in one of those seats so high above you have to peer over the railing to see the show. As with any Cirque de Soleil show, I recommend getting tickets at least two months ahead to get really good seats. The line to pick up tickets can be long so try to arrive 30 minutes prior to start of the show.
5	"O"mazing....simply "o"mazing.I was told that "O" would be just like that, and it's not so much that I didn't believe the person, I just couldn't grasp the experience.  And that it truly was...an experience.We were staying at the Bellagio so it made sense to see O.  (This would have been only my second Cirque show, the first being Ka).  I made the ticket purchase online, to ensure good seats, and was a bit annoyed at myself to find out that had I waited until we checked in...we could have gotten a discount because we were staying at the Bellagio.  Although, the customer service desk was kind enough to honor that discount.I was also told certain seats would render one a little wet.  I just wanted to make sure we got a good straight ahead view of the stage (my Ka experience made me realize it is not good to sit too far too the right or left).Although the acrobatics, the clowns, and the general performances were fantastic...the one thing I'm taking away, like really truly...is that stage.  That stage was amazing.  Their crew who handles the stage and its intricacies of turning into hard floor, to a pool, and everything....wow. wow. wow.I'm still curious about the storyline though, as it wasn't as obvious as Ka.  But really, that stage..."O"mazing!
5	I've been wanting to check out O for years, and it did not disappoint.  The water stage pushed acrobatic elements to another level.  The live music was well composed.
5	My first and favorite Cirque show ever! The stage is awesome... i love watching the stage transform back and forth from pool to dry floor. Love the stunts, cirque du soleil performaces always amazes me. But This whole water theme just took my breath away. I saw this show few years ago and i cannot wait to see it again! There's just way too much stuff going on that I'm sure I have missed out on.  It is definitely a must see show when you're in vegas. And book early!
4	This was a good show, I think I just expected more from all the hype. It was good, It was entertaining, and great talent. If there was a story line, I didnt get it, and I expected a little bit more "wow" factor. I am glad we saw it, it just was not as spectcular as the hype.
4	I honestly don't know how to describe this show. I feel like I have to be tripping on acid to understand the story.The acrobatics were awesome, there were some parts where I was saying, "What in God's name is going on here," and some stunts where I feared for the life of the performer.The audience plants were really obvious and cheesy after about 5 seconds, but otherwise I have no bad things to say about the show. Highly entertaining, would probably even see it again.
4	Once you've seen one Cirque du Soleil, you've kinda just seen them all.  The only things that change is the stage/background/storyline. The acrobatics, contortionists, performances are pretty much the same.This is a great show, because people are swimming and performing in the water! The synchronized swimming is so interesting and fun to watch. There is a sense of wonder...... underwater exits and entrances? breathing tubes? You will see if you watch the show yourself and all your questions will be answered. I sat...... fourth row from the stage in the 3rd seat from the aisle. It wasn't that bad to be sitting up close.... the only time I didn't enjoy my seat was when performers ran up and down the stairs and across the center aisle (which wasn't that often). The best seats would be in the back center, or right by the railing in the front center of the balcony.
3	Although it was a little pricey for the balcony seats I am glad that they were available the day of the show. These seats were nice because you could see the entire stage however the pre-show antics were missed. If you happen to sit in the balcony please keep this in your mind- SIT BACK! If you lean forward people behind you can't see anything. This was very annoying. The costumes, music, and theatrics were beautiful. This is a must if you are in Las Vegas.
4	The is the first Cirque show I've seen but I was pretty blown away by it.  The acrobatics, the water stunts, the very cool and dynamic stage, the costumes... all fantastic, and I thought the music was PHENOMENAL.  The musicians are in two glass booths off to the side and there were times when I would just look over at the female vocalists because their voices were amazing, almost hypnotic.  A very immersive experience although at the same time just a touch frustrating because the plot is difficult to follow, and I think that's by design.  Price was a little steep at $170/seat but we had a great view.  Still a lot of fun and definitely recommended.
5	THE best show I've ever seen.  Great for all ages, and worth EVERY expensive penny.  Its eye-popping eye-catching eye-candy.  And if you've never been to a Cirque show, its not all about clowns.  The show is a visual masterpiece.  Go go go!
5	Front row center seatsSo wet but so wonderfulDave H. is the best.
5	Being a local and pretty much been able to watch almost all the Cirque shows. O is captivating, it is the only water Cirque show. A word of advice...try to avoid the late show, if there are two shows in 1 day, try to pick the earlier one. The artists had low enegy when we watched the late show. It is a "must see" and totally worth it.It might be a good idea to be a little bit in the middle because you will be able to see the effect of the entire show.
5	Really an amazing technological production - the stage is amazing, the acts here are so creative.  You cannot go wrong with Mystere or O in Las Vegas - these are the top of the top shows in Vegas.  The standby line in the Bellagio never fails to produce tickets to those who are patient, even for those nights that they claim they are sold out.
4	The individual elements were truly amazing. The talent and creativity of the performers is undeniable. It's like half of them don't even have bones! I don't want to spoil it for anyone but there are just so many delightful surprises throughout the show! Even the stage itself holds so many surprises. However, this show just had no storyline. I suppose that's the point of this particular Cirque de Soleil production, but it was just so long that the incoherence of it got a little old. Despite that though, it was an beautiful show and the performers are just incredible.
5	O  is the show of shows IMHO.  In my show experiences in Las Vegas, O, sticks out above the rest as the best show I've had the chance to watch.  It has been my favorite show for years now and I recommend it to everyone who hasn't had a chance to watch it.  In my opinion it's worth the extra money to sit closer because the show itself requires a persons full attention.If you want a for sure quality show, look no further than O.
5	As much as I dislike jacking up people's expectations to extraordinary heights that are nearly impossible to meet, O was AMAZING!I had not-so-great seats -- section 303 [center of the balcony a.k.a. the nosebleed section], row DD [2nd to last row].  However, there was a 25% discount mentioned on the Bellagio website, so it was only ~$85 per ticket for a Saturday night showing.PROS of balcony seating- You get to see how the stage works - it's pretty cool & complex- Cheapest seats in the houseCONS of balcony seating- ... Cheapest seats in the house- You don't get as much detail (like facial expressions) since you're so far away.  Sometimes, people below were laughing, and we didn't know why.- Since you can see everything, it's sometimes hard to decide where to look because there's just so much going on.- Folks tend to lean forward to get a better view.  If you're sitting behind one of these folks, then your view gets partially obstructed & you have to lean sideways to see.Despite the many drawbacks of sitting in the balcony, it was still a spectacular show, so definitely check it out if you're in Vegas!---Here's the Bellagio's O website:http://www.bellagio.com/o-cirque-du-soleil/o-cirque-du-soleil.aspx-- In the right-hand panel, it should mention something like 25% off. If you can't get the discount to work on the Ticketmaster site, just call & ask for the discount over the phone.
5	I have seen this show a few times and it never gets old.. knowing that humans are capable of such things fascinates me... The staging, music and costuming alone is amazing, but the performances... they truly are jaw dropping..  one minute someone is running across the water, the next second a high diver  plunges into the same exact spot... the coordination of the elements with the performers creates a breath-taking, mesmerizing spectacle. I do have to say.. WHERE you sit, makes a HUGE difference.. if you CAN splurge to get closer and toward the center..  but anywhere near the front is great..  It is both funny and heart-breaking.. everything is communicated in movement and music - as there are no speaking lines in the performance beyond shouts and gibberish.. yet you understand..Must see before you die!
4	This was the first true "Vegas" show I've been to and the first Cirque du Soleil as well.  This type of show speaks to me because I do enjoy viewing dance and acrobatics.  My bf took me on Vday as a surprise and we sat in Section 103/Row H.  I completely loved the seating just cause 1) We did not get wet (it wasn't for me that night) and 2) had no problem viewing the whole performance since alot of it was a mirrior image from stage left to stage right.The clowns are funny in their avant garde way, but of course don't expect that clown at children's parties.  Remember all visual and no coherent human dialogue, but it was a spectacular show that you cannot fathom people are capable of tumbling, twisting, being lit on fire, hanging from magnificent heights night after night!  I can't wait to see another Cirque du Soleil in Vegas so I can compare.P.S.  If you hate closed in spaces definitely be one of the first to leave once the show is over.  It's a slow wait to exit because the way you came in is the way you go out and just imagine all those hundreds of people leaving at the same time.  It's just like LA traffic!
4	What an intricate, creative and talented production! I can't believe people can do half the things they did as part of this show! I loved the acrobatics and just the unimaginable talent the cast demonstrated but also the art of perfection each of them have mastered. I was personally a little distracted by the clowns, just not my thing, but the other stuff was cool! I totally recommend it as an experience that defines Vegas in a large part! I'm just not sure I'll turn into one of their biggest fans who will see every production and/or some multiple times.
5	Jaw dropping, mesmerizing, beautiful, haunting. I loved it! And the clowns are funny too.
5	This was the only Cirque du Soleil show that I had not seen (aside from the Beatles one which doesn't really appeal to me). It was a hot, hot, hot summer and I finally got to dress up. Upon entering theatre there is a giant pool of water on stage. Amazing! This show was breath-taking. The stunts they did using the water, the synchronized swimming, the acrobatics, EVERYTHING was amazing. I will never forget the performers that were jumping from the ceiling into a tiny pool of water. What if they miscalculated?!?!? Anyways, no accident thank goodness. This is a must see! Might be one of the most expensive Cirque du Soleil shows I have seen but well worth it!
5	effing incredible! Go C O!
5	When it comes to circus and acrobatics and "strange people", this one is it.  So many from all over the world coming together in the cirque du soleil team.  Awesome, mind-boggeling, crazy stunts that leave you in awe and wondering, "what the f*!?!"But seriously, after you watch one or two of their production, everything seems the same to me. Just different music and colors and mood.  Mystere, Ka, Zumanity all seem the same to me after a while. Still all in all a good show especially if you are not into the clubbing scene in Vegas.
5	I love this show so much I saw it twice.  It's just as good the second time.  It's absolutely beautiful and stunning.  I have never seen anything quite like it.  The stunts are truly amazing and the execution of the performers is flawless.  It's almost hard to believe that people are doing what they are doing, and that it's all real.  The contortionists are beyond belief.  The colors and visuals are breathtaking.  The show has a distinctly dreamy and surreal feel.  The use of water in the show is great.  My only complaint is the clowns.  I really do not enjoy the cheesy clown humor, and could totally do without it.  I would prefer the show cut the clowns out entirely even if it makes for a shorter show.  I guess the circus always has and always will have clowns, but for a visually stunning production like O, I feel clowns are irrelevant and out of place.  Compared to the crazy and thrilling things the other performers are doing, the clowns kind of are a reminder of boredom and reality.At any rate, it's a great show.  It is expensive, but it is worth the money.
5	so this is where lucky synchronized swimmers, high divers, gymnastics enthusiasts, and acrobats go to retire! on my inaugural visit to vegas, i was more than thrilled to be able to take in the whimsy of a cirque du soleil show. we had great seats that were dead center, providing us a perfect view of the trippy activity below without giving away the secrets of the stage, which moves seamlessly between a pool for diving and swimming, and a stage for dancing and other acrobatics. some of my favorite acts were the four women contortionists, the divers on the swings, and the two clowns on the boat. i sat as wide-eyed as a four-year old kid; completely captivated from start to finish. i had seen one cirque du soleil show prior to this, but really, it can't compare to when they are on their own stage and are able to really be creative and let loose. one (semi-pricey) ticket gets you entry to a marvelous wonderland full of eccentric characters with fascinating talents. and i can't wait for my next show!
5	This was my 1st Cirque du Soleil show so there really wasn't anything for me to compare it with, but I definitely enjoyed every minute of it. Even the bf was amazed and kept saying "WOW" the whole time. It was kind of cute =)I'm too lazy to go in depth about all the details and honestly, it's something you have to check out yourself. You can't just read the reviews, look at the pictures, and compare that to the real life experience.Seriously, check it out for yourself. You won't be disappointed. You'll be amazed at what these performers can do.
3	It's good.  But I saw Ka and the non-Cirque La Reve at the Wynn a year or so ago and both surpassed this.The storyline is so fragmented as to be nonexistent, instead more of a string of novelty numbers which is an opportunity lost.Less use of 360* action in this theater than in Ka or La Reve, and certainly less use of the maximum theater height for the water numbers than in La Reve.A couple of the scenes that utilize suspended apparatus for group numbers don't seem to maximize its potential.We were in Section 102, row F.  I'd suggest another 8 rows or so back to appreciate more of the 'big picture'.  You'll still see facial expressions, and while that was mentioned by other reviewers I didn't think it was as important for this show.In all, it is entertaining for the 90 minutes because it is Cirque ("HOW do they DO that???") and they are incredible performers to watch.  BUT there are better Cirque and Cirque-like shows in Vegas.  See Ka or La Reve first.
5	"O"mazing!  I didn't know what to expect, but it was wonderful.  We had seat stage left of center in row D, I thought that the location was pretty ideal.  The stage was amazing, the athletes/actors were fabulous.  I've heard repeatedly that this the best Cirque du Soleil show, and I would feel hard-pressed to disagree.
5	My boyfriend and I paid $200 for our two tickets (since it was on promotion), but we sat almost center, on the second section back (which I believe was the orchestra area). My boyfriend had watched it before and told me that our seats were very good, because if you sit too close... you will have to look up for a lot of the show. You will also get wet if you are too close. Even from our seats, you can feel water mists from the stage.Of Cirque shows, I've seen Mystere, Zumanity, KA, and so far, this is my favorite Cirque show.  My best example of it is... Mystere on water. My boyfriend knows that I am a big fan of gymnastics, swimming/ diving, classical/ opera music, and comedy. This show had it all! There's just so much going on at the same time that it can be hard to follow at some points. From costumes, gymnastics, dancing, music, diving, fire shows, theatricals, everything was amazing. The pricing is high for your typical show, but it's one of the best Cirque shows I have seen. Some have mentioned that "O" is a little more traditional, and can seem to drag, but it's an amazing show. If you have been to a cirque show, you know that there are always the intermission/ set change scene fillers (which are usually comical). There were two clowns who have the intermission performances who were very funny (but I think the big baby in Mystere is funnier).I must say though that the complexity of the stage that becomes land and water w/in seconds is amazing (and is about 2 million gallon pool), to the theatricals itself, I highly recommend this show.
3	Unfortunately I was not impressed with O. It was my first Cirque show and I opted to go with the best seats at $125/ticket. Granted the stage was technologically advanced. But the story was hard to follow and the performances didn't flow easily. I think I might have even dozed off somewhere in the middle for a minute.
4	Enjoyed the show, a little boring without any story but still cool acrobatics and big pool of water which the show takes place around.
5	Amazing visual feast.  Well worth the price.  Just see it.
5	6/5 stars.Of the Cirque du Soleil/Franco Dragone shows, I've seen Mystere, Love, Zumanity, OVO, Ka, O (2x), Le Reve (2x)My top two favorites are O and Ka. I've recommended the two to every single person visiting Las Vegas with limited time/money.. and if they planned to watch others, those two must be enjoyed last to avoid being prematurely desensitized. All Cirques are beautiful & captivating in their own way, but many of us forget how to appreciate things once we've seen/tasted/felt/heard "the best".. Think of the kind of practice and endurance it requires for all Cirque performers to do this twice a day every.single.day. Incroyable.Keep your eyes, ears, and nose ready for a sensational treat.P.S. Book early, get Orchestra Center seats, around 5-15 rows from the stage. For both O and Ka, you don't want to sit too close or you may strain your neck. And don't forget to set aside time to admire the Richard MacDonald structures before you enter the theatre!__________________________________________If you're blessed with the time and money to watch all of the above on your next trip to Las Vegas (or if you regularly visit), I'd say watch them in the following order (saving the best for last): 1.) Zumanity, 2.) Mystere 3.) Love, 4.) Ka, 5.) Le Reve, 6.) O - I haven't seen Elvis or Believe, so I'm not sure where they fall in line.
3	If you like amazing acrobatic entertainment then this is for you!  The entire show consists of tricks and acrobatic entertainment all performed in the water.  it was really amazing however, for $160 bucks I think I'd rather have the cash.  Sorry Cirque du Soleil.  They say you have to see a Cirque sow your 1st time in Las Vegas.  Well, I did.  Been there, got the trophy suffering for close to two hours and now I'm done.  I agree that you should see one of the shows maybe Love or Zoomanity might do it for ya!Sorry but I have not pictures to post because there was a strict no camera policy.So overall it was a good show, but I didn't appreciate it that much so that's why I'm giving it 3 stars.  I can understand why others rated it higher but for me, well that's just it it's not me.Cheers and Enjoy!
5	Wonderful, just wonderful
5	The 'O'nly good thing about The Bellagio. Seriously. This show is amazing. You'll hear it called 'the water one', but you better remember who told you that, because after you see the show, you're going to want to put duct tape over that person's mouth. "The water one" doesn't begin to do it justice. More descriptive is a visual orgy of acrobatics, dance, and design all performed on top/above/below a stage that collapses into a giant pool of water that is the foundation of the stage.I can't tell you more, because I'll give it away, and that's rude. You won't be sorry you went, you'll only be sorry if you read all the reviews and don't go.Thinking there won't be any surprises because you've seen another Cirque show? There will be. Trust me, O is not only a reason to go to the Bellagio, but to Vegas itself.
5	Top notch show.  Amazing athletes and performers.  Highly recommend this show to anyone who comes to Vegas!
5	There's not much I can say about this show that hasn't already been said in the hundreds of other reviews... just, well... wow.  WOW.We bought our tickets about a month in advance, and we ended up getting 4th row aisle seats on the right side of the theater.  I don't care what anyone else says about sitting further away from the stage to get a better view of all the action - we loved being up close (but not TOO close... some folks in the first 3 rows got hit with quite a bit of water) so we could feel the spray of the water and the heat from the flames, and so we could see the facial expressions of all of the performers.Are the tickets expensive?  Yes they are.  But in the end, I was left utterly speechless - and I would gladly pay to see this show again. I can't recommend it highly enough.
5	I've never been to a Cirque show before, so we decided to go for it when we came to Vegas.  Let me preface this review by saying that I HATE clowns!  To the point of panic attacks.  We sat stage right, so we were in a clown-free zone.  *whew*  I will admit that the one was actually kind of cute... from a distance.  So, besides the creepy clown factor, I loved the show.  I thought the costumes and set were incredible.  I have no idea how they pulled it all off.  Seriously?  The guy on fire?!   The amazing acrobats who could also dive and synchronized swim?!  I am so happy that we splurged to come to this show!  One of the top two things we did on our trip (Valley of Fire being the other).  We did the dinner package with Circo.  I wish we had just done the dinner separately because they menu through Cirque wasn't quite as inventive as their regular price fixe and they were both about the same price.  Minor detail.  The seats were a bit tight, but we had tiny people on either side of us, so we were fine.  I felt bad for the woman in front of us though.  She was sharing half of her seat with the gal next to her.
5	this was my first cirque du soleil show. OUTSTANDING!AMAZING!SUPERB!EXCELLENT!i was just so amazed at the production! i was totally immersed by the show!i highly recommend it!!!!
5	For our 350th review it is only fitting to write one on the Cirque du Soleil Show "O" at the Bellagio.The "O" is simply "eau" in French meaning water :)While I have seen a lot of Cirque shows and this was my second time seeing "O", this was Dave's FIRST EVER Cirque Du Soleil Experience! This was also a first viewing for his parents for "O".In Vegas "Ka" and "O" are my two favourite shows. What I love about "O" is how unique it is and how artfully the show is choreographed with the use of water, music, story and amazing acrobatics.The opening of the show always reminds me of something I would catch in a Tim Burton Movie.. the beheaded corpse hanging from the ceiling, the somewhat creepy deathly music and tones. That said the show like most Cirque shows has beautiful colorful costumes and an element of comedy. The two clowns that appear throughout the show are "corny" funny. I find the stage very distinctive in its ability to transform into a stage for them to walk on, swim in, dive into and sail on -the depth of water is amazing.If you like acrobatics, water, music then "O" is a great show for you to go see. We had front row seats so we did get splashed a bit but that was all part of the experience.Editors Note (Dave):  This was simply one of the best show experiences I've had in my life.  We were lucky enough to be in the front row but we were off to the side a bit.  The front edge of the stage is curved so when the curtain was down, we missed moments of the show while it was going on on the other side of the stage.Watching the swimmers come out of the water slowly without even a sign of bubbles was a bit on the surreal side.  Their carefully decorated costumes and face painting definitely gave much to look at even at close detail when they were running in front of us just a couple feet away at times!The whole show was pretty amazing, however, there was so much going on, I wish I had read the program we bought ($15, and worth it) to get a little bit more of the story since when I'm in such an amazement I tend to zone out focusing on something specific.  It will be moments later when I'll realize something else is happening on the other side of the stage that deserves my attention.  There was even a time where I was staring at something happening in the air and the person performing in the water right in front of us splashed us.  I guess they felt they deserved my attention more?!?I would definitely go again.    I hope I do, at least.TIPS:1. Buy tickets ahead of time or online2. If you want front row seats get them in the middle section3. Go to the 7pm showing instead of the 10pm if you are not a night owl! 4. The first few rows are definitely "wet" seats, so don't go in something that can't get chlorinated water on it, but don't freak out, its not a Sea World show.
5	Artistically one of the best Cirque shows. The clowns are hilarious .. great comedy relief to all the tumbling and twisting around. Definitely worth the price ... go see it, you won't be disappointed.
5	I must say... This show was fascinating, beautiful and imaginative. It was like going into someone's head and seeing what they are dreaming. I loved the acrobatics, synchronized swimming, the diving and costumes. There were two clowns that provide comic relief for this otherwise serious show. I don't want to give too much away. I've seen Ka as well and I in my opinion, O was a lot better.
5	must see in vegas hands down
5	My favourite Cirque show. Absolutely breathtaking, and the most artistic of all the Cirque shows in that it spans a global understanding, water, acrobatics, theatre, and sort of a Tim Burton-esque macabre. The woman that glides across the stage with the cello is amazing and one of the coolest things I have ever seen on stage. Cirque du Soleil loves to defy gravity, air, earth, and water.
4	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and I really enjoyed it. The clowns were funny, and the acrobatics were amazing. Some parts of the show make you hold your breath, because you can't imagine any good coming from what they are about to do. The best partt of the show is the stage, it is just amazing. Things move around all around and by the time you notice everything is different.  We sat in section 203 row Q and had a great view of everything that was happening. I do think that you wouldn't want to sit too close to the stage because  of the splashing and you might miss everything that goes on the stage and in the air.
5	I've seen 3 other cirque shows (Love, KA, and O), and this is one of the very best. I honestly can't remember if there was a storyline, but I've gone to cirques where there WAS a discernable storyline that bored me to tears (I'm looking at you, KA). The entire time, your mouth is dropped open from the amazing things the acrobats are doing. The stage is incredibly unique - it goes from a pool of water to completely dry in seconds flat. I also liked the clowns. They were funny and endearing. It was also cool that the music of O was being played live. The whole show was sensory overload!I can't more highly recommend this show. I can't wait to see it again myself!
5	The show was amazing!  Their are multiple moments when performers come out into the lower audience area.  It's actually better to have seats up higher because that way you have a view all the cool stage changes they do from water to solid floor.  You'll be blown away by that, and you don't have to strain your neck from looking up, because a lot of things happen up high too.  Most definitely worth the money.  Only negative,  as someone else said, the story line was kind of hard to follow.
5	This was my 2nd time to visit the show and it exceeded my expectation again. Some acrobats were not as impressive as others, but the stage sets, the music, the costume, the choreography...everything matches and creates the totally magical artistic fair.Yes, it is expensive, but I would say it is still the best show in LV.
5	All I have to say is "O" My Gosh!!!!! lol. (Usher Song reference there). Definitely a must see for anyone who wants to see a show in Las Vegas. I sat smack dab in the front section 8 rows from the front, perfect middle, so I have to say my seats were Awesome! Best seats in the house to me, but of course almost every seat in the house was in great view of the stage.    Ok I had a few shots of Patron right before the show cause it was Cinco de Mayo. That did make it a little more fun. Not that the show needed any help for it to be great. But I LOVED O. My favorite Vegas show to date. I had a feeling that I was almost in a different world. The attention to detail was just out of this world. The performances were top notch. I personally have nothing bad to say about this show. It's hard to give this review because I want to talk about every little detail and how great it all was, but at the same time I really don't want to give anything away. The person next to me was covering her mouth with her hands because she was in awe the whole time. I'm not gonna lie, I noticed my jaw was dropped as well for much of the show.  If you're going to watch this show, it's a must that you buy your tickets in advance. As I was going in to sit down, the stand by line was very long. So it's safe to say many of those guests did not get in to watch the show that night. Also They start seating 30 mins before the show starts. If you do reserve tickets in advance its recommended you pick your tickets up before 4 pm the day of the show. otherwise your seats may be given away. Or so thats what I read on my email confirmation. So my end conclusion is that this show is a must see for anyone. Tickets arent cheap, but it is still without a doubt worth every penny. Everything to me is art. And this show is definitely a masterpiece!!!
5	This was my second Cirque du Soleil show, and I loved the first one I saw, but I loved this one even more! I knew my husband had gotten us fairly good seats somewhere in the front, but when we got there, it turned out we were front row center! AMAZING! The benefits of having prime seating didn't come cheap, but it was totally worth it (you don't go to Vegas to save money right??). All the seating in the theater seems to be pretty good though, so wherever you sit, you won't be missing out on the incredible show. Not only are the stunts amazing, but the makeup, costumes, sets, everything about the show is spectacular. It's mind boggling to see how everything comes together so smoothly. A warning though, if you're near the front and in the "Splash Zone," you will definitely get wet. If not from the residual splashes as the performers dive into the pool, then from the splashes that some of the performers purposely kick on you!
5	'O' My!Mysterious, Magnificent, and truly Magical!Of all the Cirque du Soleil shows I read the review about either by fellow Yelpers or outside sources, I chose to go to 'O' as our Cirque du Soleil show.In my life, I've watched many acrobatic shows and circus events, but nothing really prepared me as I was able to get seats at the Bellagio for their February 28 late evening showing of 'O' The show was at 10pm and because of the time, the seats were cheaper. I didn't heed the warnings of sitting in the far back so I suffered a small consequence.Tickets were purchased through Ticketmaster after clicking on Bellagio's direct website portal. Total for 2 tickets came to $154.28 and available at Will Call. On my receipt, I was instructed to print out a copy and present it to the Will Call window. The day of the show, we arrived at the window and picked up out tickets. Guests were told not to use their cameras, but the foreigners didn't understand and snapped away until the ushers came around.Our Seats (The tickets were imprinted with "Wet Seat" on the upper left corner)Section 105, Row A, Seat 1Section 105, Row A, Seat 2At first I was puzzled to see "Wet Seat" but after we sat in our seats among the large auditorium, I soon realized we were sitting in the first and foremost row facing the stage. We practically were at eye-level to the stage and we could see water waves. Since we sat in Section 105, the seats were too far to the right that when the curtains opened in the beginning of the show, we were blocked from watching the middle. My wife's seat was one seat closer than mine and proved to be beneficial at the angle she sat. During various scenes of the show, actors and actresses would splash water from the stage onto the viewers in Row A, thus the term "Wet Seat." It wasn't a lot of water, but it was something of an interaction. Although we didn't have the best seats in the house, we still were amazed and amused from watching 'O.'  This whimsical romantic tale included performances from world-class acrobats, synchronized swimmers, and divers while characters perform in, on, and above water. Stunning props, imaginative storyline, colorful attire, and an aquatic stage made 'O' a memorable experience for us.Of our whole trip to Las Vegas together after 10 years ago, my wife said she enjoyed the Cirque du Soleil show the most. All the glitz, glamour, burlesque clubs, gambling hotels, and shopping malls didn't appeal to her anymore. I was surprised. Two thumbs up for 'O'!
4	Great performance! But no story to it, so don't try to follow it's almost complete random.
5	Wow. What a great show. This show is the best that Cirque du Soleil offers. Since this is one of the best shows on the strip, tickets are not cheap so be prepared to empty your bank account for this show.Good: Spectacular show.Bad: Priiicey!Final: Out of all the shows on the strip, I think this is one of the best.
4	Beautiful music with graceful acrobats performing amazing stunts and acts.  I couldn't really follow the story because there was so much going on, but it didn't really matter.  I was gasping and wow-ing with every leap and jump.  I was even amazed with how the stage transformed from a pool to dry land in seconds.  How the heck do they do that?!The show was 1.5 hours but it went by way too fast.  Felt like less than an hour because you just wanna see more!  We had seats towards the middle off to the side-ish for $110 each.  The view was great!  Wouldn't have wanted to sit up too close because you wouldn't be able to see the whole show with acts in the water and sky.  We also opted for the 7:30pm show so we could go out at night time and I noticed prices are cheaper for the late show at 10pm so that's another way to save some mula.Overall, I really enjoyed the unforgettable performances and am happy I finally got to see what everyone's been raving about.  Totally recommend to see at least once in your lifetime!
5	Best Cirque du Soleil show I've seen! And I've seen some pretty amazing shows - Corteo and Kooza. I had high expectations and paid a hefty sum for 'O', and I was definitely thrilled with the performance. The acrobatics were great, the jumps and dives were entertaining, the contortionists were amazing (and my fave part!), and the production was impeccable. I was impressed with the acrobatic tricks performed in water and how smooth the stage transitioned from a regular pool, to dry concrete, then to a deep-diving pool, and on and off again. If you only have one chance to see a show in Vegas, 'O' should no doubt be the #1 choice. Notables:The show is about 1 hr and 30 mins. I'd recommend going for the 7:30PM show to finish in time to head to a club after. But if you're looking for a 10PM show, buy your tickets from smartervegas.com, it's 25% off. Also the "wet seats" go for cheaper, they're usually in the front section, rows A-C. Go for it, because you don't get wet at all. My friends went the night before, and I went the night after, and none of us got wet either nights. And if you choose the option of picking up your tickets from the box office, grab them in advance before the show! If you come right before the show, you'll end up waiting in a long line.
5	what a great freakin show to pick for our first cirque du soleil experience!  i don't think any other cirque could match up to the caliber of this monstrosity.  ok ok...i'll be honest...i started nodding off towards the middle of the show...but that was only cause no one sleeps in vegas!  haha...until i heard someone fall from the ceiling into the water.  that was a SUPER wake up call!  it couldn't have been any more perfect!  oh, and here's another confession...keep in mind, i'm not the artsy type...but i had no clue what the heck the show was about.  even with that major factor, i thought it was amazing!the show is mostly performed over or within the water.  swimmers, dancers, acrobats, divers, flips, props, weird...and i mean very weird positions that no human body should ever be allowed to be in...i got the chills at one point...and if you've seen the show, you should know exactly which part i'm talking about.  but the one thing about the show that got me the most...was the singing.  oh my goodness...what talent!!!  their voices are beautiful...the live band behind them put a wonderful touch on the music...and i loved how the band also made all the sound effects live for every show.  the people that worked behind the curtains...WOW...their timing was impecable.  next stop:  Kabut can it really meet the high standards that O has put on the map for cirque du soleil?  we'll have to see...
5	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show ever... since then I've been addicted... I've seen Kooza and I just bought tickets to see KA (eventually want to see LOVE as well)... The whole show was beautiful and extremely captivating... and although the tickets were really expensive, we all agreed it was worth it to see this show... The stage was simply mesmerizing... We had really good seats probably 6 rows up in the center... however, if I were to see the show again, I'd probably get seats a bit higher up, just to get the whole feel of the show better. There is a good blend of acrobatics, comedy and spectacle in this show. It is a feast for the eyes...This show is a MUST SEE. If you have to pick any show to see in Vegas, see "O"... you won't regret it...  However, you really need to book tickets early because they are almost always sold-out... I know many friends and relatives that try to book this show on short notice and they never get seats... So, book early!
5	Stellar show!  I've seen several Cirque shows and this one is definitely a favorite!  This was our second Cirque show of the evening and it was a good cap!  The theater is gorgeous and what that stage does with the water is something that makes me want to meet the person that thought this up!  The clowns in this one, to me, were a bit lack luster, but they're usually my least favorite of the Cirque shows anyway.  I want to see the action!The next time we return to Vegas, I think we'll see this again.  But this time we'll spring for lower seats.  We sat up pretty high and on the left hand side, which was great but you saw the stage moving up and down in the water, along with the scuba divers.  I think we lost some of the surprise by knowing when the pool was deep or shallow.  But the fact that we want to spend the money and see this show again should speak for itself.  A must in Vegas for sure!!
5	"I laughed, I cried, it was better than CATS!" This show is absolutely amazing! Hands down the most amazing show I've seen. Ever!  I got great tickets through KNPR's special night at O for Nevada NPR members.  This is totally the way to go!! All proceeds go to public radio AND I got 3rd row just off center seats (usually ~$160) for $100.  If you're a local, and haven't been, this would be a great opportunity to go (I think they do it every year in the fall).  If you're a tourist and want a great show and can afford to spend some $$$$, get the "splash zone" seats!
4	awesome production, totally vast stage and performance. too bad they don't have all the sound tracks recorded, the only disappointing part to everything.
5	I'm not sure if someone slipped me some LSD or I went to a Cirque show.  Either way, it was amazing.  Screw Ringling Brothers this is what a circus should be: funny clowns, creepy ringmaster and death-defying stunts.  I never thought synchronized swimming could be this enthralling.  I spent the whole hour and forty minutes staring at the stage.  Being an engineering nerd I was as impressed with the mechanics of the stage as the performers.  Even the way they open and close the curtain was cool.  Can't recommend this show enough.
5	If you like watching a performance while whispering "OMG" to yourself most of the time due to sheer amazement, this is for you! O is still one of my favorite Cirques and I watched it over 2 years ago. I did not get that great of seats (far left) but I swear I will watch it again.All I could say is...holding your breath watching the performers perform death-defying stunts is a scary and thrilling experience. Add that with stunning visuals and a involving musical score for a very worthwhile and must-watch Cirque!It's a little pricier than the other Cirques in Vegas, but I think it's worth it. I haven't heard any bad things about O, or met a person who didn't like it.
5	My first Cirque du Soleil experience. The best one too!AMAZING show! You MUST check it out when you're in Vegas.The stunts they pull are unbelievable. It'll make you thing "How the hell do they do that?" If you think Avatar is visually captivating, wait until you see O, you'll be blown away!
3	After hearing such  great reviews from everyone and their momma I was expecting awesomeness. Unfortunately I began dozing off  through the show even though I had a raspberry slush to keep me awake. I thought the show was going to be filled with water works with water fountain dancing. Ya not that kind of show at all. Highlights were the clowns and the fire show. At least I get to say I finally got to watch O.
5	E X C E L L E N T show! A must see when you visit Las Vegas.I know the tickets are really pricey, but once you watch the show and see how wonderful it is, you'll know that the money was worth the experience.The theatre is ginormous! I was stunned to see soo many seats. And then you take a look at the stage, and it's overwhelming. The entire show feels so surreal because of how beautiful and incredible everything is. From the ambiance, decor, lights, music, and performers; it all goes together so well.I can't really describe what you watch, except that you'll be left in shock and awe by the stunts you see. Not just the stunts but the whoole show is great. You need to see this show to know what O is about.
5	Really, is there a need for another O review? Because if you scroll down to the other reviews, you will see, repeatedly, that:1) It's visually stunning2) It's expensive3) No matter where you sit, you'll realize that, next time, you want to sit nearer/farther/wetter/drier than you did the first time4) There is no discernible story line. (But if you need that, you should stay home and read a book instead.) This is a spectacle. Your mouth will hang open. You will feel a little sleepy about halfway through. Just when it gets kind of pretentious, the performers unexpectedly make fun of themselves. Astonishing virtuosity.We had first-row-center seats. The usher looked at our tickets and said, "Huh. You are IN the show." He was right: We had water splashed on us, life preservers and toilet paper thrown at us, and performers vaulting over our outstretched feet. We also had stiff necks. But it was worth it to watch the performers' expressions and to have such an immediate experience. Before the curtain went up, a clown doing an applause skit with the audience suddenly pointed straight at me, and the sound of my hands clapping filled the cavernous theater. Wow.
5	I'm not going to say I'm a new found cirque freak but...holy effer was this a great show.  I have to put my review of Ovo up because I saw that show a little while ago and wrote it down under separate cover...soon to follow.  I digress.My man got us front row baby...And it nearly felt like you were in the pool with them.  I said to him after "I feel like I just got eye f$*&ed" because something was going on everywhere on stage.  We were in what is called "wet seats"...Joe says "how did they know?"  HAHA Joe...so funny I forgot to laugh (well, I did laugh because it was pretty funny, I mean you say that to your date and it's pretty cute).The music was soothing, live, impressive.  The acrobatics and syncronized swimming - I guess not totally synchronized because they have different moves in their formation - but holy cow.  And how they have these people come out from under the water without jumping in, all the sudden just kicking their legs up in the air.  How that stage works I will never know, and how those people are breathing under there, even better.I wish I had 1/164th of the creativity the genius people behind the show have.  I was almost in tears over the acrobatics and cool stuff going on on stage (just 5-10 feet from me, mind you).  I was tempted to be that a-hole who jumps in and promptly gets banned from the Bellagio.  I thought about it again and realized, ehhh Joe might not think it's as funny as I would.  Plus no more nice things for Karen ("why do we go to nice places?") would likely be the response before he dumped me off on the seedy side of town.I highly recommend O.  If you haven't seen a cirque show before make sure you sit higher up, so you can see what is going on in the water.  We were a bit close to have a good vantage to see EVERYTHING on stage.  Not that we couldn't, but if you are focusing on the one person doing something dramatic right in front of you, you may miss something dramatic going on in the background.  Like I said - there is something going on everywhere.There were four women in Asian themed attire who could do CRAZY shit with their bodies.  Like pretzel stuff with their legs over their head, backbending, etc.  I would go for that alone.  Whatever that is, i.e. flexibility, double joints, whatever....I wish I could do it.  Talk about physical shape.  Crazy good.O, and there is not an intermission.  Which was nice.  Go to Cirque's O...the stage was amazing, the lights were amazing, the talent out of this world amazing.  Just do it and don't ask me any more questions.
5	Expensive. Worth it.
5	I am going to write the review that I wish was on here when I was deciding which of the cirque shows I was going to plunk down my hard earned dinero for. I could not decide between O, Ka, and Mystere....so I did the only logical thing and saw all 3. The wife and I had virtually the same feelings about all three shows. Ka was our least favorite. It was the only one where we wished we had our money back. This show is supposedly more about story line and less about acrobatics.  I would say it's definitely less about both. There were many times when I found myself fighting off falling asleep (and I went to the early show), and only a couple of WOW moments. Mystere was our next favorite, and mainly about acrobatics. It was very classic old time Cirque. I enjoyed the show, but it did not feel new or fresh to someone like me that had already seen a few of their shows. And as you've already surmised if you are still reading this, our heads and shoulders above the rest favorite was O. The elaborate stage, the amazing stunts, and the stunning effects were awesome. There is a reason why this is the most expensive of the cirque shows (ticket price-wise) and why they don't ever seem to be available at tix4tonite. The show was captivating from the first moment, and so awe inspiring that I just bought four more tickets, so that our kids could share the experience with us this time around. So, if you are only going to see one cirque show while in Vegas, make O your choice. You will walk out happy to have spent some big bucks on something worth every penny.
5	OMG, OMG, OMG....SO FREAKING AMAZING!I had seen Ka last time I was in Vegas and thought that was amazing but O blew it away!!!We couldnt get tickets so we went and stood in the standby line....ALAS, we got seats 5 rows up.  I had never been that close before so it was really cool to be that close to the stage.  These people are amazing.  I cant even explain it, but I would definitely go back and it was WORTH the $$$.  The floor kept going from floor to water to deep water....I was like in awe the entire time.  AMAZING...great for all ages!
5	O blows all the other shows out of the water! Get the best seats you possibly can- its worth it. A must see!!
5	We had really bad seats and limited viewing for the intro to the show. When the show started I could feel my butterflies in my stomach turn the lights, the excitement was a glitter tingle to my eyes. The extraordinary excitement of this show was overwhelming. The story line was a little hard to understand from my point of view. I wish I could have seen their facial expressions and gestures up close. The drama, acting, acrobatics, were all stimulating. The hidden meanings where awesome and inspiring. Have a coffee!  There are some parts where I did get sleepy. I didn't want to sleep, but I did close my eyes a little. The music was amazing, but KA still has the best music because I actually bought the soundtrack for that one. Overall, you will reflect on a lot of the meaning after the show and hopefully understand it... =)
2	Ok, so I'm taking a friends Yelp approach here - No 3 stars allowed, it's either a 2 or 4 star... I am also judging O against the other Cirque's, as I've really enjoyed all the others.  We both actually dozed off a bit during the show.  The story line, which is supposed to be a strong point of this Cirque, wasn't as evident as they would have liked.  The water acrobatics was good, and one sequence was very good.Is it a 2 star or 4 star?  All in all, we left the theater not impressed.
5	Life changing.  I literally cried.  I went in a bit tipsy and came out sober and awe struck.  Simply unbelievable.  Worth every penny.  Doesn't even need a story line for what these people are accomplishing in this show.
5	Ive seen most of the Cirque du Soleil shows but this show by far has been the best. I got my mother and aunt to watch it too this past weekend and they agreed with my review. Better to spend your money on the show that gamble that away in 5 mins.Try to get the best seats. I saw in the middle almost front row and the show totally blew me away.
3	All right, I hardly leave reviews less than 5 stars, so this is hard for me to do. I had read a lot of hype around this show and have seen several other Cirque shows in  and out of town. Tickets for "O" are more expensive as the show, which has been running for 11 1/2 years now, is considered the creme of the crop. I just couldn't get into this show. The storyline was difficult, if not impossible to follow. Was there even a story here? The acrobatics were good, and the water acts were also good, but not "awe inspiring" as I've come to expect (and have been spoiled) from Cirque shows. I went to "Beatles Love" recently and loved that show. The cost of "Beatles Love" was also much more affordable. I really really wanted to like "O", so I'm a little down leaving this review, but there are plenty of other positive reviews and people that love it, so I'm in the minority on this one. I just wanted to be honest. The person I went with and quite a few people around me expressed similar sentiments to mine after the show, so felt compelled to review. Good luck regardless!
5	It's a stage.   No it's a pool.  No it's a puddle.  No it's an Ocean.How do they stay under water so long?Why aren't they hitting each other as they dive-in?I actually found clowns funny!WTF how did they do.......everything?!This was by far the most amazing Cirque du Soleil show I have seen to date.
4	I have been wanting to see "O" FOREVER!!!!  My wish finally came true for my 30th birthday as a gift from the boyfriend.  :)The stage is ridiculous.  The way it's constructed and the way it works are both mind-boggling.  The entire show is gorgeous, and I even bought the soundtrack afterward.  During some Cirque shows, there is a lack of action around the main performance.  However, this is not the case here.  There might actually be too much side action!  I couldn't decide where to focus my eyes, and i was constantly scanning the stage for interesting characters and acrobatics/theatrics.The only downside is that we came to the later show after a VERY filling (and wonderful) meal at Le Cirque, and midshow we were both drowsy.  I was having trouble staying awake, and the boyfriend was just about completely out.  So....I think both of us missed a great deal of the performance, which is upsetting, but was unavoidable.
5	I've seen pretty much every Cirque that Vegas has to offer and this one is right up there with "Love".
5	YES!!!! Omgomgomg I LOVE it!!!!!Acrobatics, diving, ballet! All very artsy, very extreme, cool music and the stage setup consistently blew my mind!!!! My interest was peaked 80% of the time. The story was a lil avant guard minimalist but was still diverting. I would give it 10 stars if i could!!Trans Friendly- meeeeeh the only time you deal with the public is in line, some faux snobs may be wierd but c'mon it's theatre they're used to seeing stuff
5	I would have paid $300 (roughly double my ticket price) to turn right around and see it again.  Words cannot describe.I always see Cirque clips online or on late night shows but they don't compare to the actual show.  I thought I'd be underwhealmed but boy was I way off!  My seat was about 3rd row center stage.  Amazing.  Doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the house, though being that close made you feel a part of the show.EFFING AMAZING!I'm hooked on Cirque shows now!
5	WOW. This show was amazing, combining synchronized swimming and underwater acts as well as their awe-inspiring above-ground acts. I found it amazing how the pool in the middle of the stage (which can hold 1.5 million gallons) would appear and disappear all in a matter of seconds! Apparently there are regulators underwater that allow the performers to breathe for so long. The show also utilizes rare instruments, such as the Chinese erhu, which has such a heart-wrenching and sorrowful sound. The man on fire towards the end was sick! This show is beautiful and breathtaking and something you could watch over and over again and never get sick of it. A MUST-SEE!
5	426 Reviews and their overall rating is still 4.5 stars! Well its no shocker or surprise how amazing this show is. I was in Vegas for New Years 2010 and one of our adventures included seeing this show. I had been wanting to see it since before I knew we were planning the trip. Its vibrant, full of colorful costumes and the performers are so in tune with each other making the entire show very harmonious. You need to arrive like 1 hour or so before if you don't want to stand in line for tickets or you can purchase them at your hotel concierge. They are always sold out, so don't wait until the last minute to get tickets. Its definitely a show that I 100% recommend. And when I go back I plan to see it again.  You'll leave the show wanting more as I did. ENJOY
5	The best Cirque show I have been to yet! I know...this very bold statement requires credentials...so here they are: Viva Elvis, Love, Mystere and Ka. There is so much going on that you really can't take everything in with one viewing, but you know what will help with that? The best seats in the house! Let me tell you where we were and why they were the best seats. We were in section 303, row AA. I know...it's the back. But these were the best seats because you can see the whole stage and part of the floor. The performers/artists run all over, there are no boundaries with these people! So I suggest getting in the section and row we were in and as center as possible. We used promo code Bellagio and saved lots of cash; we paid under $100 for our primo seats. I also suggest letting the photographers pose you around and take your pic before the show starts, it's fun and you may end up with a beautiful memory. I much rather buy a photo of Mary C. and I than a Cirque shot glass =). Seriously, 'O' was beautiful from start to finish. I would not recommend the show for young children, unless you are okay with someone waiting in the hall with them for the first 15-20 minutes of the show.
5	This is absolutely the gold standard of Cirque du Soleil shows.  This was my third time seeing the show, and it was as good as the other two times.  I am in awe of the wonderfully talented cast.  I am also filled with awe when I look at the hydraulics and things that make the show work and be outstanding.  Finally, the stage is often a scene stealer.There are breaks in the action with some humor.  I love this part as much as the rest.  The fish TV antenna is quite funny and #39 whatever street.The costumes are exceptional.  I have read how Cirque needs to replace them often because the chlorine from the water breaks down the fabric.  The live music is a wonderful accompaniment to the show.  It makes everything seamless.  This is a great show!
2	I'll keep it short.  A waste of money, mainly because it's extremely overpriced.  It's a decent show, but dissapointing compared to Le Reve or Ka.  Over rated too.  The two clowns were hilarious, but I found nothing special in the show except the costumes.
5	"O" my God was this a good show!! We had third row seats and I wouldn't have sat much farther back because alot happens close to the stage. The clowns that open the show are so funny and once the show starts it is just mouth dropping amazement throughout the entire time.If there was a story line, I have no clue what it was, but that didn't stop from the enjoyment of the show. Several times throughout the show my husband and I would turn to each other and say "I have no idea what's going on, but I love it!" The acrobatics are amazing and there are several surprises from plants in the show too. The most amazing part though was the curtain draw. NOTHING beats the curtain draw. For those that have seen it, you know what I mean.I will definitely be seeing this one again. :)
5	Like many, this was my very first Cirque du Soleil production and if you go to Vegas with their numerous shows and ask for recommendations which would be the first you should see if its your only one, 'O' is pretty much the universal answer.Situated in the main theater of the Bellagio resort, this is one of their headliner shows going on several years now and it's easy to see why.  Everything about this show, the stage, the visuals, is massive and breathtaking.  O is a primarily water based acrobatics show and I had the good fortune to get near front row tix up in the balcony level so I could see the retractable water stage from above and see how everything worked, while people down in the main floor can only see performers diving into what looks like a solid stage only to see a splash instead of a splat, and let's face it, acrobats and dancers performing in water is always cool to see.The music is fantastic, so good I ended up buying the soundtrack CD when I left the show.  Story (as best as I can figure out) is always up for interpretation in these shows but if you're the type of person who actually likes to 'think' while you're being entertained, you can easily picture a romantic/heroic tale involving a young man on an adventure going thru mishaps, love and laughs.  The stunts are simply amazing as well, with your standard high wire trapeeze acts coupled with stunts that beggar description.Like most Cirque shows, tickets will start around the $100 range and are not cheap, but this is one of those shows where nobody feels they did not get their money's worth.  It's fun for all ages with no inappropriate content for children, but is still probably best enjoyed for teens to older.
2	Was so looking forward to seeing this show and with so many positive reviews on this show I regret having to give it only two stars.   I initially wanted to only give it one star but the acrobatics and diving routines bumped it up a star. They were great.   However,  I have one word to describe the theme of this show "MACABRE."   This show will give you nightmares.   Would not recommend you bring your children.   Several characters were dressed like the grim reaper.   The set back looks like a representation of Hades.   Women that come out of the water look like dead zombies.   During one sketch a man sits on stage completely on fire.   Another scene has characters pulling a coffin on stage.   Another sketch has a big bell with macabre music playing  and the bell wringing insinuating your time is up.   It goes on and on.   I get shivers just writing about this show.   Way too overpriced.   I've seen Cirque Du Soleil "Ka" and "Love" and they were both outstanding.   This one is just plain sinister.   Yuck!!!
5	I went to a Cirque to Soleil show in Toronto one time and I paid $65/ticket.  After the show, i thought to myself: WHAT A RIPI went to O, paid $165/ticket, sat in the third row. During and after the show, I thought to myself, IT WAS WORTH EVERY PENNY.It's indescribable, you really just have to see it for yourself. But make sure you get good seats in the front so you can get splashed by the water, not from the dives of course, because these ex-Olympians don't splash when they dive into the stage (what?!). From what then? I'm not telling. I'd pay that much again to watch it. I really would.
5	Okay, I confess: I wasn't really successful at following the storyline, but who cares?  It was nevertheless amazing!Throughout the show, the beauty of the costume, the choreography, and the music awed me.  The stage itself deserves a special mention.  The design of this stage is incredible!  In the beginning of the show, I wondered, "where the hell are all these actors coming from?"  It almost felt like watching a magic show!  From pre-show to the end, there is something going on all the time, so you are in constant state of entertainment.I purchased the ticket at the day of the show, but I was still able to get great seats.  Perhaps it's because I went on a weekday.  But I wouldn't recommend you to do what I did; go ahead and try to book the tickets in advance to get the best seats possible.
5	This is the my second time watch the O. unbelievable show! I highly recommend it. Love the musical the performance. everything about it. By far the best show I've ever seen !!
5	My first (and only) cirque show and an absolute stunning experience!  The visuals, sounds, and interaction were perfectly integrated and the enthusiasm of the cast was beautifully emanated to the crowd.My boyfriend at the time took me to this show on what he termed "the amazing date" and it would have been had he not followed the show by asking me if I enjoyed the storyline, which I didn't follow at all.  I felt like a complete idiot.  I did my research though to find out what I missed.  Don't be intimidated or feel less than folks, there is no story line.  Enjoy the show for what it is - a celebration of theater and the infinite possibilities of creativity!
4	It was very busy on-stage, a lot of disjoint action. Do not drink before the 10pm show as it's not action-packed enough to overcome the alcohol and you'll nod off
4	This show was crazy awesome. Where do they find these people who can do gymnastics, contortion, acrobatics, dance, AND swim??? The good:-The curtain. The first wow factor of the show is when the curtain "rises" to reveal the stage - looks like a giant air balloon being swept away... but better!-The stage. The stage had a magic act of it's own! Beautifully constructed to transform from solid ground to a pool and everything in between.-The aesthetic. The romantic, dreamy scenery of the whole performance is of the best I've ever seen.-The music. The music worked really well with the performance. It really moved us to the emotion that the scenes were portraying.The bad:-Staged "audience" participation. I don't really enjoy when a show pretends an actual cast member is an audience member. It makes me feel kinda cheated!-There is sooo much going on that you don't know what to look at. There were some parts where some of the audience reacted to something with a, "Ohh!" and I was like, "no i missed it!" =( Give me a focal point!-There was one slightly boring portion of the performance. The ones dressed like...zebras? with long hair were mysterious at first, but their act on the metal grid didn't wow us. My boyfriend fell asleep at this part!
4	This was the very first Cirque show I had ever seen and it really set the bar high! This is definitely the most amazing, unbelievable Cirque show out there. The talent of the performers is amazing. There were so many times during the show where I thought "wow, I can't believe they are doing that!" The water really adds a unique aspect to the show that you don't see in any of the other Cirque shows. I'd love to go back and see it.
5	This has got to be the BEST Cirque show I've seen. I've seen quite a few of their touring shows, other Vegas shows, and the one at Disneyworld, but hands down this is the best overall. The visuals are absolutely stunning and it has definite re-watch value as there are many things going on at once.  Note: "O" doesn't have a substantial storyline--instead it's one of Cirque's more thematic shows, which in my opinion matched perfectly with the show's esthetic.In terms of the acrobatic acts, while they are executed beautifully, they are not as daring as Cirque can be.  However, I thought all the acts complimented the show very well though. My favorite act was the "diving board" one.  In my opinion, best seats are in the balcony area.  That way you can see the whole stage and the synchronized swimming better.  Overall, if you have to choose one Cirque show to see in your life, definitely see "O"!
5	This is the best show I've ever seen!!! Tickets are expensive, but worth every dime get the best seats possible, if not you will regret it.
5	I'd watched CdS stuff on television before, but wow! This is incredible.My girlfriend and I decided to see it for our 3 year anniversary. Most amazing show ever. Everything down to the way the curtains opened up will have you guessing "OMG, HOW THE FCK?!"..There is a perfect blend of drama, comedy, and thrilling stunts! We sat at the very very very top back seats... As far up and back as you can possibly go, and to be quite honest with you, after watching the show, I honestly feel like they're actually the best seats.. Because this show is done in a 'pool'.. You get to see everything from the top. EVERYTHING. From ground seats, you don't see all the amazing stuff happening in the water as much. Paid 115$ each for the tickets, would pay up to 200$ to see again. Loved it!GO SEE IT!!!!!!!!!!Ps. The sculptures outside the theatre are amazing!
5	Looked for tickets online and the best prices I found were on the Bellagio "O" website under the 25% discount seats. I didn't get them because we weren't absolutely sure our friend was coming so we got last minute tickets.Been living in Vegas for a year and had a friend visit from Chicago and this is our first show as "locals". Have seen "Love" and "Jersey Boys" before we moved here. "O" was great, we had seats in the back row, but was actually good because we got to see the whole stage and with so much going on, it was a good viewing point. Section 304 front row on the balcony would be awesome seats. The show was really good and entertaining.  We'd see it again if other friends or family want to see a it. Cirque always has some comedy features thrown in and the comedy in this one was pretty funny. The divers had splashes like Olympic divers. There was hardly any splash. The acrobatics were incredible.A must see show for visitors or locals. As locals, we made a pact to see at least 1 show a month. Vegas has some of the best entertainment and after raising our kids it was one of our Pro's for moving here.
5	C'est tres magnifique!!!!  I won't bore everyone with saying too much, since there have been 450 reviews already on this wonderful show!  All I can say is that the entire circque performance exceeded any expecations I could possibly have.  It really blew my mind.  The stage, and the water was absolutely amazing.  I would highly recommend anyone to see this show in Vegas.  It is one of a kind and definitely worth it.
5	I'm the kind of person who doesn't even like to spend $10 on a movie ticket, so at first I was apalled that my family was going to spend over $100 per ticket on a show. It was worth every penny. The incredible acrobatic feats have to be seen to be believed. These performers are pulling off maneuvers that could cause serious injury if they messed up, but they pull it off so seemingly effortlessly. The style, the showmanship, and the energy of the performance keeps you sucked in from beginning till end. I must also point out the phenomenal soundtrack. It's a wonderful fusion of musical styles from all around the world. I loved it so much I bought the soundtrack. Yep, I actually paid for music. I know the price for shows at Las Vegas can be off putting, and there are many ripoffs, but this is one show worth the price of admission. If there was only 1 show you were going to watch in Las Vegas, this should be it.
5	HOW DID THEY DO THAT????   Well, they sell a DVD that explains a lot.  This is a must see even though the tickets are pretty expensive.  It blew our minds!
4	Ok... DO NOT SIT IN THE BALCONY....yes I know the seats are cheaper, but it will ruin the show.Four stars because when you sit in the balcony, you can see the divers underneath the water helping the people when they are in the water.  For some reason, I could not get past that. (and of course I know they are there, but there were so many of them in black suits it was hard not to watch them).But for the moments I wasn't paying attention to that, it was a very beautiful show.  It doesn't have the familiar music like The Beatles LOVE or Viva Elvis has, but it was still a great show.It has got to be one of the longest running on the strip (i think?) and there has to be a reason to that- the show is great.I would like to go back and sit closer so I can really enjoy the show.But I repeat: do not sit on the balcony and do not get a seat with "obstructed views".  You will waste your money.
5	I have been many Cirque du Soleil shows and acrobatic shows on cruise ships and theatres.  This one IS amazing and had the best staging effects!It's one of those shows that I would only watch once if I had to pay for the tickets.  Why?  Because I would opt for the good seats each time I watch the show and the tickets are expensive!Enjoyed the show and glad we went.  It was a great Vegas experience!  Special notes for all the men out there -Please be open-minded and watch it with your sweetie if she asks you to take her and you can afford the tickets.  My girlfriend paid for her own ticket and still had to beg her man to come along with us so the pre-show almost turned into a fight when he initially refused to go.  At the end, he didn't lose any manliness after the show... :)  He also admitted he didn't fall asleep and enjoyed the show.IMO, perhaps more guys may prefer the Cirque du Soleil Zumanity show and I agree that show is definitely a fun SEXy show to watch.  I recommend Zumanity and will rate that show in a separate review though :-)
5	I have watched this show 2 times.  Both times I leave in awe.  This is a masterpiece.  The show is expensive but worth it.  Much better than Le Reve or KA or any other show.  Just make sure you get good seats or its not worth the money.  First time I sat near the back.. still good.  The second time I had great seats and I was like wow.  What a difference.  A must see!
5	To this day, 6 years later, this is still my favorite Cirque do Soleil show and I have seen A LOT of them and have become a Cirque du Soleil junkie... The show surpasses any imagination: the amazing and out of this World costumes (wild African affairs, forest, fire), artists jumping in and out of water as if it were nothing, the incredible music that brings you back to whatever place is being recreated on stage, unbelievable skills and talent - entertainment at its best even by the Vegas standards!
1	I have been going to Cirque for many years back in Boston and have always been moved by their artistry. Last time I was in Vegas I saw Cirque's production of Ka and loved it. But something is wrong with O. The flow is disjointed. The music is a patchwork. The water effects are contrived. The whole thing looks formulaic. At times I was truly bored. Stay away. Two nights earlier I saw Le Reve at the Wynn and was treated to a superb performance. If want to see the heights that this art form can reach when it is placed in the hands of creative genius operating with a big budget,  I'd recommend you avoid O and choose Le Reve.
4	This was a hard review.  This is the second Cirque du Soleil show I've gone to.  The first was Kooza which I believe I gave 3 stars to.  Now, this being the most popular CdS show, I was expecting a lot.Firstly, the theater was huge.  We were on one of the back seats in the middle and we could see the stage perfectly.  It was only in the beginning where they had two clowns walking around the audience in the front rows where I couldn't see.  But that wasn't part of the show, so it's OK.The show was good and bad.  Some parts were better than Kooza, some were not.  Let's begin with what I felt was not as good as Kooza.In a circus show, you expect stunts that are unbelievable and not humanly possible.  Well, the stunts and acts were not as amazing as Kooza.  They also had some of the same things.  There were the overly and freakishly flexible chicks that were just bending into each other like pretzels.  So I've seen that before.  But this show also had some cool water stunts, as well as a larger stage.What they did better was what I think was the main objective of the show.  It was beautiful.  Wildy creative and sometimes just jaw dropping beautiful.  It really reminded me of a crazy dream you have.  Even the comedy sketches with the clowns was just insanely beautiful.  I don't want to give examples and ruin anything, but yeah... just beautiful.  So this is why it was so hard to review.  My gf said she preferred Kooza.  I feel O was the better show just because of what their objective was.
4	This show is beautiful. It's more of an experience than a show, a living work of art. The stunts are amazing, the story is pure, the music is precise, the waterworks are brilliant,  and the journey is otherworldly. O does a great job of transplanting you into an elemental world of water and magic. Highly recommended, and also highly expensive.If you do get the chance to see this show, please do. It's such an adventure and you're just in your seats.
4	The stage and water effects were neat. I also liked the style of the design they used. Like others had said before, if you sit at a elevated level, you will see how the people stay underwater that long. For people that sit closer at a lower level, it would be amazing to see so many people pop in and out of the pool. But like I said before I liked the design and choreography of the whole show but some parts were a bit boring.
5	Unbelievable.  We were front-center, 11 rows up.  The best Cirque de Soleil I've seen.  An amazing acrobatics and aquatics show!!!  Every seat appeared to be a good seat.  Funny and great entertainment.
5	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show, but I had heard that this is a great show to see and I had no idea what these shows were like. I saw this show twice and I highly recommend it. The show, costumes, dancing and  performances were awesome. It was amazing how the dry stage was there and performers suddenly plummeted into a stage of water that appeared from nowhere. The choreography and acrobatics will leave you in awe. The show plays at the Bellagio.The tickets are expensive and no half price tickets (even though the show has been running for a few years), but I highly recommend it. It is definitely worth it.  ^_^*~
5	This is the best of the four Cirque shows I've seen! Very operatic in its presentation, which totally turns me on. Pretty long, but you're definitely getting bang for your buck since this is at the top of the Cirque price spectrum. A class act all the way!
5	This show is AMAZING! If you could only see one cirque du soleil show in vegas, this is the one you want to see. Yeah it's pricey, but totally worth every penny.I honestly cannot say anything bad about the show. The dancers, acrobats, costumes, story lines....everything was just so entertaining and fun. You will be amazed by some of the stunts they do and they surprise you every moment, never knowing what will actually happen next.  GO SEE THIS SHOW!!!
5	I loved this show!!  The cast puts on a great production and keeps you entertained the entire time.  Water acrobatics are always great, and who doesn't like to see the crazy costumes Cirque shows incorporate.  Even the entrance/hallway to see the show was great...a lot of art on display.I highly recommend seeing O, and it's 50% off for locals right now...YAY!
2	This is my 6th or 7th Cirque de Soleil show and I came out disappointed. In my opinion if this is your first show then it might be a great experience for you, but comparing to the other shows that I have already seen, this one really sucked. There was no story line, a bunch of weird acts, and really really boring. It was so bad that it put me to sleep halfway in. My boyfriend tried to wake me up numerous times and I just couldn't do it. My cousin actually walked out on the show. This was not worth $140, I honestly would rather go back and watch "Ka" for a third time.
4	Amazing show.  Great visuals, and amazing acrobatics.  I've seen amny Cirque Du Soleil performances, and this is by far the best.   I'd highly recommend getting close up seats, as from a far distance, it can be hard to see everything going on.    The only thing I didn't really "get" was the clown performances during the show.   I imagine they were there for comic relief, but their humor was so slapstick, it kind of cheapened the whole deal for me.
5	'O' wow, I am truly impressed with this Cirque du Soleil show. It was a theatrical masterpiece that perfectly combined the talents of world-class acrobats, synchronized swimmers, divers, clowns, and aerialists. These performers made the impossible...possible! They had no limitations as they performed in, on, and even above water. It was an amazing and breathtaking experience, as the magical stage constantly transitioned from solid ground to pool and everything in between--all in a blink of an eye!My date and I were at the edge of our seats the entire 1.5 hours! There was just so much going on the entire time that we were excited for what was going to happen next. The only down side was that we couldn't keep track of everything. I really wish that some of the acts were separated, but that just means that the show would have been even longer. Now that I think about it...the creators actually did a perfect job of incorporating everything and if I missed anything, it will just give me a reason to go watch the show again! The tickets for the show were about $150/ticket. We got orchestra seats with a perfect view of the entire state. I guess you can say it's pricey, but I thought it was all worth it. The show took us on a mini adventure into a surreal world and we loved it! What more can you ask for $150?! You also have to take into consideration that you are in Las Vegas and if you're willing to pay hundreds on alcohol, then you should be able to spare that much for an amazing show! I highly recommend! Performances are only held Wednesday through Sunday at two times a day: 7:30pm and 10:00pm. I know, the schedule sort of sucks (especially when you want to go clubbing), but just promise me you will make the time to check out this spectacular show!P.S.Cheers to my 200th review! ;D
5	I believe our tickets were around $120 with tax. We had pretty close seats too, a little to the side ..but not really. This show is AMAZING and you can only see it in Vegas because of the stage..same with their other show KA.GO WATCH IT. You will be AMAZED. I couldn't believe my eyes. it was entertaining, comical, and breathtaking. I seriously googled it after to find out more about how the performers are able to do what they do, they are all scuba certified...I thought there would be some hidden trick to what they do, while there is a lot of mechanics involved with the stage, the performers have pure talent. Everything from the costumes to the stage, to the comedy beforehand made for a wonderful experience. BTW - I could only slightly follow the story, but that honestly doesn't matter. IMO, it was about a boy who gets cast into this crazy world, and there's a girl..and ya LOL. If you are going to see ANY show in vegas, go for THE BEST. I've heard (from my best friend who saw both KA and O) that the initial spark you have for the show goes away once you watch it again. So go for the best the first time!One thing - they have overpriced popcorn and treats before you go in, do not buy because the smell of the chlorine? is overpowering when you are eating so it just feels like your eating chlorine popcorn. Needless to say I still ate it because I was hungry...but that is another story.
4	AMAZING!!!My favorite Cirque show for sure. :)
5	Best seats in the house:103 L 12/13My wife had been asking to see this for years, and I had been dreading it for just as long. I was surprised, the show was absolutely amazing, artistically and if you are scientifically minded, technically amazing too as the stage goes from dry to aquatic quite often. I had no idea what the plot of the show was, but I didnt really care. In fact, dont try to make sense of it. Just watch the performers movements.
5	All I can say is that this show is absolutely breath-taking, figuratively and at one point quite literally.  Having had a backstage tour, I know of some of the secrets to the magic of the production, but even having seen the shows mechanics, it is still quite hard to believe the show is real.  Let's take for example the theatre's blue and green ceiling.  It looks like it was designed to mimic the lobby of the hotel, but in fact it's lighting hitting dusty chicken wire.  Turn those lights off, and it's amazing to see the difference.As for the stage itself, it's a 25-feet deep, 1.5 million gallon pool of water.  The first row is surface level, so you don't see anything underwater.  The pool has 7 hydraulic lifts (I think it was 7) that can rise to the surface without causing the slightest wake on the surface.  This is done by thousands of tiny hand-drilled holes placed systematically through the stage platform.  You'll notice that part of the theme of O is opposites.  Within a matter of seconds the stage backdrop will go from black to white and vice-versa.  The same is said with the stage which at one moment is a pool 25 feet deep to within a matter of moments being completely dry land, all without a simple wake.  Other times some of the platforms are mere centimeters below the surface, making it appear as if the performers are walking on water.  I do love Cirque's touring shows, but there are obvious advantages to resident shows.  For instance, you can't transport a stage as elaborate as O's.  Not only does this allow for more technically amazing feats, but makes the show seem that more ethereal.If you have seen other Cirque shows but have yet to see O, it's worth it.  Absolutely worth it.  Actually, if you haven't seen Cirque, this would be a great one to see.  It isn't as energetic as Ovo for instance, but it is certainly magical.
5	Being an artist, I often have the tendency to become a big emotional sentimental cry baby when it comes to seeing hauntingly beautiful art. This is one of those shows, where, small parts, can bring you back to a beautiful peaceful time in your world, when you were a small child, when everything was innocent, new and clean.  There are such beautiful segments of music during this show.... so haunting... so peaceful...  I went and bought the CD right after the show.  I play it often while driving.  It's THAT good.  (not annoying like Enya- lol)  I also play it for my clients during facials. They LOVE it.  Even if you have not seen the show, find the CD online, listen to the sample bits and treat yourself to getting this music.  Also- watch the bad video taken from the audience on Youtube. It does not do the show justice, but you can get an idea of the visual stimulation and the performances from those home videos.This IS the best show in Vegas, hands down.  If you have seen 'LOVE' run to see this and sit around the middle to front of the stage.  You NEED to be back far enough to see the grand picture.  Usually i am in the VIP sections of events and concerts and shows, right up front, but this is a performance that you want to see wide-screen style. You'll thank me.
5	Wow +no intermission - did I say wow?Wins on creativity, staging, speed of flow, quality of performers - 8 Olympians!Not too many "I stopped breathing" moments.
4	Saw Le Reve at the Wynn last year and watched "O" at the Bellagio on Wednesday, December 22nd, 2010. The show was awesome and very enjoyable. However, each of our family members agreed that they enjoyed "Le Reve" better. Please remember this is very subjective. You can't miss with either show. They are excellent productions.
5	Imagine the most depth defying circus acts... swinging trapezes, flipping on parallel bars and crazy gymnast routines.  Now think about all those times you saw a gymnast take a hard fall.  That made you cringe but that memory sticks with you.  Cirque du Soleil - O brings back those memories but all the falls are into a huge pool of water.    The massive stage pool is separated into 4 actuated platforms that can go more than 12 feet deep or 2 inches deep.  It provides an excellent walking on water effect.  But the pool can rapidly switch to 40 foot awe-struck dives !
5	I've seen 'O', KA and La Nouba.  'O' was my first and best Cirque du Soleil show.  The acrobatics, diving, tumbling, story line, etc. were all amazing.  We sat front and center and I remember feeling like a dream was being played out in front of me.  This is an absolute must see regardless of the price.
4	Very good show.  Impressed with the acrobatics and water choreography.   Different than most of the other Cirque shows due to the water element - but the same in terms of quality of story line, acrobatics, humor, choreography and music.  Well worth the time and money.  I highly recommend it!
5	Another awesome Cirque du Soleil show.  This one features acrobatic performers and water.  I'm always amazed at how they can pull off all of these moves in such an elegant and choreographed way.  My hat's off to the performers!I don't want to give away too much, but this show will simply amaze you.  It's worth seeing more than once.  There's no way I can keep my eye on everything going on.  Every time I see this show I see something different.Definitely worth the time and money while you're in Vegas.  When out of town visitors ask me what show to see when they're in Vegas, I mention this one as one of the Top 5 in town.Will I return?  Can't wait for the next time!
5	hmm... what can I say? Talented flexible acrobats flying through the air with an awesome pool like stage. I loved it... I am determined to see the rest of the shows in vegas.. but I did hear that out of all the cirque du soleil shows this was the best one... I guess we will have to see
5	"O" is seriously my favorite Vegas Show!
5	New Year's Day in Vegas and after late night partying the night before, we had to catch a show.  Everyone suggested the O show was the best so we bought the best ticket possible to treat ourselves for the new year.  I've seen other Cique du Soleil shows such as KA, Mystere, and Zumanity, and didn't expect O to be too different from the other shows.  I must admit, I like the O show far better than the others.  Even though the concept' the same I enjoyed the production, custom, lighting and the experience far better than other Cirque du Soleil shows.  Look I am not much of a musical or theatre type.  I haven't even seen Phantom yet but I do appreciate the details and the production done well.  One person from my group wasn't too impressed.  I guess she was looking for amazing circus acrobat and so forth.  I don't think people would love Cirque du Soleil if it was just a circus with animals and acrobatic performance.  Like me, many appreciate the pageantry, music, lighting, stage, and rest which O show displays.  I liked it better than Blue Man, Jubilee, and other performances in Vegas.
5	Awesome!!!  Its cirque with a new twist (well...not really new, they have been doing it a long time...it was new to me).  Incredible stage with the water and all.
5	This is probably my favorite Cirque show, and I've seen a LOT of them. It's all in the water, hence the name (pun on "eau," French for water).  Like many Cirque shows, the performers frequently enter and exit through the audience, and there's not a bad seat in the house, which makes the whole show feel very intimate while still epic in scope. If you're a bit of an engineering geek like me, the sheer mechanics of moving so much water in and out of tanks will amaze you, not to mention the out-of-this-world performers.A definite must-see.
2	I don't know, kinda felt the pool was a little gimmicky. Of course its Cirque so the performers are amazingly talented, that's a given, and you almost feel like an uncultured twit if you don't glow over it but..... I just thought it was awkwardly constructed and left feeling it somewhere short of both a really good performance and a really good story. Glad I saw it though and probably still worth the money P.S. the zebra clowns suits are really creepy
5	Cirque's show O will never disappoint you and it is always an experience to behold, this great performers represent everything that is beautiful and wonderful about being a human being, poetry music and motion come together in an experience like no other. Enjoy the show and remember to blink, this show will transform what you think is possible by human beings. Make sure to grab seats in the center section if possible and right now there is some great deals for locals. Enjoy
3	We were just in Vegas and saw 4 shows: Mystere, Le Reve, O and Criss Angel-Believe. While theatrically beautiful and some amazing moments, it's definitely not all that it's hyped up to be. Way too expensive to make it worth it and a lot of boring moments. Mystere was by far the best! Maybe not the most theatrically intricate etc, but definitely the most entertaining.
5	I stepped into the theater & immediately noticed two things: the aquamarine-detailed ceiling & the faint smell of chlorine. The show hadn't even begun & already I felt positively surrounded by "O's" water motif. From our seats (section 203, center) we looked down at the stage, which took on various forms throughout the two hour show; sometimes it was a pool that performers dove into, other times it was solid ground for them to walk on. I was in awe of how quickly the transitions took place, how seamlessly gallons & gallons of water would drain. Maybe I was too mesmerized to notice, but I didn't catch a specific storyline. Each act was independent from the act before & after it. If you've seen other Cirque du Soleil shows, you know you can expect limber acrobats & performers who don't seem to possess a spine. The most beautiful part of the show is the fashion in which the red curtains are taken down & put back up. And I especially enjoyed the braided hair, doll-looking synchronized dancers. They are hauntingly perfect. I called the box office & paid $123 per ticket, which included a 25% off promotion they were running. I haven't seen or heard of deeply-discounted "O" tickets; a show this unique packs a full house every time.
2	Really. Really. Booooring. Beautiful to look at, but i wanted more acrobatics and entertainment. Too artsy for my taste.
5	Definitely worth the price of admission.  Although the "clown" portions of the show are probably the worst I've ever seen, the rest of the show makes up for it.
5	Incredible. I've seen a lot of shows from California to New York and this show blew me out of the water! The attire of the audience members range from formal to casual (jeans) and people of all ages were there. Booster seats are available for children. I don't remember any bad language, you do see a man in a costume where his butt is exposed, and the dancing is very sensual but I don't think it will really offend anyone. They do have a place to get snacks and drinks. The alcoholic drinks are very over priced, and there is no intermission. The show is about two hours long, but make sure you use the restroom before it starts - you don't want to miss a second of this performance. Truly.
4	It's good.We had section 202 and it was off to the side.It was quite close to the stage, but maybe a bit too close. Anyway, the show itself was very entertaining.  The acrobatic feats were amazing! But then it's to be expected of each cirque du soleil.  Many people compare this to Le Reve or vice versa, and to be honest.. i think I enjoyed Le Reve more.  Maybe it depends on which one you go to first? I think it'll have to be awhile before I watch it again, but I don't think I will say no. I'm sure there's so much happening that I'll find something new everytime.
4	Add a circus, subtract the animals, add the amazing swimmers  from the 2008 Olympics, add an elaborate pool, subtract sub par acrobats, add some crazy music and BAM you get the Cirque Du Soleil "O" show.I missed 20 minutes of the show and they still let me in... sweet.I didn't understand the story if there was one, but throughout the whole show I was thoroughly impressed with the show. It highlighted the possibilities of the human body and creativity. I want to say all the seats were good seats as the theater did not seem too big that it would disable some viewers from enjoying the show. However if affordable I would definitely sit in the front sections, definitely makes it more enjoyable.
5	This is the only Cirque du Soleil show i've ever seen, but I can't imagine one being much better than this because it was really incredible. All of the acrobatics and stunts were very impressive, and there were many moments that I remember thinking to myself, "How did they do that?" The music is beautiful, the water stage was unlike anything I had ever seen before, and you really feel like you're being drawn into the show. I probably wouldn't recommend this show for young children, they might be bored. Otherwise I think this show is good for all ages.
5	Money well spent! Our seats were row 105 section H 1&2 (right side as soon as you walk into the auditorium. It was an amazing experience and I'm glad that my bf also liked it. Security was very strict on having people take pictures on their camera and phones. Even if you were just checking your text, email or whatever, they will communicate it to other security personnel and they will personally tell you to turn off your phone. I felt like I was in Paris watching circus. The clowns in the beginning of the show were HILARIOUS. The cast was very interactive and we were so close enough to view the cast up close. If you are sitting on the front row, watch out because you might get WET. The costumes and music were spectacular! It made me get out of the "real world" even if it were only an hour and a half. The only thing I was very disappointed about is that the ending could have been better. They could have ended it with a BANG! I would definitely watch it all over again!
2	4.5 stars?  Every person I know that has seen this show concurs that it works better than prescription sleeping pills.  I no longer have faith in Yelp as statements like "Money Well spent" is a JOKE.  Caveat emptor with these pricey vegas tickets.  After watching Le Reve then this the first thing that popped in my mind was "tourist trap".  Go to the RedBox, its much more entertaining.
5	It was O-mazing!  Yeah, I went there, I did!From start to finish I was captivated, I truly was!  The music was beautiful!  The choreography was BEAUTIFUL!  THE ENTIRE SHOW WAS SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL! Thrilled that my husband got me second row seats and it is definitely a must see for both locals and tourists alike.  I would see it again ten more times if the offer ever stood!You will not be disappointed, it was AMAZING!
5	Just watching that pool come and go was awesome.  This was a great entertaining show. I was always on the edge of my seat wonder what was coming next.  The performers are amazing.
1	Seats...my highschool gym seats were more comfortable than these.. Also we sat on the front left row... Expect to get wet... Which isn't cool when your in a suit..Also clown acts.... Horrible !,  the zebra looking dude.. Do something already ! And the actor that probably gets 100k for having his arm behind his neck... Can you have a more useless character ? I know this show is hyped everywhere... I'd recommend skipping it... Go see la reve. That's a great show.
5	The show was amazing. We had third row balcony ticket. At the beginning of the show when they are doing stuff in the crowded, you pretty much can't see anything unless you are in the first row of the balcony or in the lower sections. After that when the show really starts nothing blocks your view of the show (unless you have a very very tall person in front of you).The show is amazing, worth seeing it again.
4	I want to write the treatments for the events that transpire during a Cirque du Soleil show. Apparently, their staff is at liberty to suggest stunts that require obscene levels of fantasy, whimsy, mortality-testing, and glitter, all of which my little girl heart holds near and dear.The script for O is pretty close to something I wrote up years ago actually, when I was 12. In fact, I might check on copyright infringement. Here is a checklist of items O borrowed from my childhood brainstorming.1. All performers will have mutant powers - Check2. At some point, there is going to be fire blasting all over the stage - Check3. Also there will be tons of water, and people will be making death-defying leaps, spins, and twists in the air before diving at least 40 feet into a below-stage pool - Check4. Super-humans will be twirling over the stage, the audience, and the graves of their ancestors - Check5. The audience will be made to feel lazy and completely ordinary - Check6. The costumes are to be made while the tailors are on a combination of hallucinogens - Check7. There must be massive explosions and lightning! - Check8. There shouldn't really be a story, just all the genius stuff I already wrote - CheckYou should see O to identify your own kidnapped ideas from days of yore. You probably thought they were foolish, but now Cirque du Soleil is dreaming up crap all the way to the bank. We'll get in on a joint lawsuit.
2	So i'm the only person who hated this show?Hear me out...I have seen MANY Cirque shows. Therein lay the main problem.After seeing all of them I was able to see most of their previous shows mashed into this one... with the addition of a swimming pool. Which is used for some of the show, but not all.This is touted as a water show... correct?Too bad the pool is covered a majority of the time.There's no central theme. I'm not 90 years old, so synchronized swimming doesn't work me into a tizzy. It's a 'circus,' yes, but what's with the EXCESS amount of clown interludes... yes -- clowns, clowns and more clowns. Usually at cirque shows you deal with them as the stage is altered. WRONG.They should call "0" the clown show with some short water acts and all the other acrobatics and gymnasts you've seen in every other cirque show.Skip this and see a Cirque show when it comes close to you.
5	The "O" Show was spectacular. I have seen many different Cirque du Soleil shows all around the country and even in Macau, but nothing comes close to the magic of the "O" Show. We sat in the front row left section, which was amazing, because we saw the details of the artists' gestures, expressions, and interactions on stage. It really makes the front row worth the experience. If I could, however, I highly recommend that you try to pick out the seats on the center Orchestra section about 8-12 rows from the front. This is so that you can see the entire stage in one view to watch the movements and interactions. If you are on the left or right section, your view will be biased as you will be more focused on the either section, although the performance is designed symmetrically. And being at the front, makes you too focused on the artists in front of you, more so than the group as a whole. I am not saying that it does not make a huge difference, but if I had the choice, I would choose to sit center orchestra section a few rows towards the back. The performance is stellar. And the design of the stage is amazing too. The way that the stage constantly turns into a pool and back to a normal stage is incredible and the way that the artists constantly move in and out of the stage/pool in perfect timing, just makes you wonder how that is even possible. There is no need for me to further discuss the beauty of the show and spoil the show by sharing the details with everyone here. But, I will share one very important piece of information with you. Perhaps, this is the most important. I suggest that you search online rigorously before you plan on buying the tickets, because I got a promotional code that Bellagio was offering online for a limited time span and got 25% off. I got the best front row orchestra seats for 25% off. Otherwise, you will be spending 150 + tax & fees per ticket. The current code is "Bellagio" for 25% off. It changes periodically and seasonally. So, do your research!
5	Wow, this show was amazing. Granted, I splurged on tickets -- for section 102, row G, each ticket was $165. But well worth it. Granted, I couldn't really understand the storyline (if it existed) but that didn't seem to matter because the show's acrobatics were phenomenal. Between the tumbling, dancing, water moves, fire dancing and everything else, we were glued to the stage the entire time. Granted, I thought the breaks in the show with funny clowns seemed a bit out of place, but they were nevertheless entertaining. Just a great production overall and worth every penny.
5	I am by no means an expert on Cirque du Soleil, this was only my second time seeing a show.  But wow, what an awesome show!  Unbelievable stage design, almost seamless stage transitions, great music & sound system, creative costumes, lighting, and amazing acrobatics.I was captivated form start to finish, loved the whole thing.
5	This show is UNBELIEVABLE! If you can only see one show in Vegas, this should be the one. The variety of acts is incredible- dancers, acrobats, divers, synchronized swimmers, and more. Don't skimp on the tickets either, you'll want to get the best tickets you can afford. The stage is basically a huge pool of water and the closer you sit the better. This show will ruin any show you see after it. Every time the BF and I see a new show we always compare it to O. Nothing, not even other Cirque shows, have come close.
3	I know I'm going to be out numbered by saying this but..I barely see what all the hype was about it... everyone I have ever spoken to much like most of the reviews on here say. O is awesome. so maybe all that hyped made me expect too much ?just a disclaimer. im not claiming i can do any of the amazing things these talented people did, that being said. i saw a similar show in maui for a fraction of the cost and they did the same things. minus  diving into water, and synchorized swimming. and a few other things.baisicly to a smaller scale. anyways  i found myself constantly checking my watch, and the freaken clowns !!  theres this segment where the clowns come out on their floating house and do a few really lame skits. uhgz*they are not funny !!!!!!!!!  =Si paid 135 bucks for 2nd row seats, maybe i was too close ?!?if ur going to go see the show opt for the cheaper seats in the back.  maybe if u pay less or get them comped than the show will seem more worth ur while?oh and a last note , the bigger hawaiian looking guy who did the fire thing. me and my sis swear he looks like the guy from the maui show. Lol
5	Listen people,DO YOUR RESEARCH!  I can not stress this enough.  Do you sit in the front row, or even the first couple of rows when you see a movie?  No?  Then what makes you think that sitting close to a production show where there could be 2-30,40,50 preformers on stage at any given point would be a good seat?  When you buy online the computer is PROGRAMMED to assigned whatever is closest to the stage.  "Best available" is subjective.  Close does not =better view.  The closer you are the less of the show you are going to see.  Yes the first three rows are "wet seats".  It states that fact online when you buy your tickets.  When you pick up your tickets, your tickets themselves also have "wet seats" printed on them.  When you call to book over the phone directly with the hotel, the agents also inform the caller of how close the seats are and that being that close, one would in fact fall in the "wet seat" zone in addition to looking up during the aerial acts.  If you are unsure what type of tickets you are getting online CALL the phone number listed on bellagio.com under "O".   O was named after the french word for water which is eau, pronounced like the letter O in the american alphabet.  It is a water based show that also encoporates ALL of the elements in it.  There is only so much room the the theater.  The pool can only be so big.  How boring would it be if EVERYTHING was done in the water.  This show is 12yrs old.  Older than most every other Cirque Du Soleil show currently out.  Other shows have copied THIS one with certian acts.  This one was the one that set the standard for the others to follow.  Don't come to a show you know nothing about.  There are too many resources online to remain ignorant.  Check out youtube, watch some clips or trailers.  CALL an agent that sells the show tickets and get some feed back from them.  Pick their brains.  Thats what they are there for.  Never been to this show?  Have no idea what the theater is like?  Never been to a show period, in Las Vegas?  CALL a human being and talk to the agents at the call center for MGM Resorts International, they are the ones selling the tickets to you.  They've seen every Cirque show here in Las Vegas.  Trust me, they know what they are talking about.  FYI the box office only handles face to face reservations.  Phone reservations are done off property in a corporate office.  They are still the hotels.
5	This show was amazing, although I haven't seen any other show like this in Vegas. I've only seen Cirque Bizerk in Los Angeles because it was free (I wouldn't have paid for those tickets). However, I totally feel the O show was totally worth $116 tickets. Every detail from set changes, to costumes, to choreography, lighting, music...it was just fantastic! This show was constantly moving and had my attention throughout.I don't think I would choose a seat on the main floor for this. Like some people probably have mentioned...a close seat does not necessarily mean a better seat. Instead, we were quite happy and pleased with our balcony seats.
5	This was my first Cirque show and it will not be my last. I don't have anything to compare it to having never seen anything like this in my life. All I can say is Wow!. I paid regular price for some great seats 10 rows up and I thought it was well worth it. Not sure exactly what it was about.... but it was amazing!
2	This is my first yelp review, but I felt so passionately that this show is a waste of money that I felt the need to share my thoughts. I am not one of those people that are difficult to please, or a debbie downer all the time.I have seen almost every cirque show in Vegas. Zumanity (twice), La Reve (twice), Love, and now "O." I like Cirque shows. However, all the hype led to higher expectations than what you actually see in "O." I was very impressed with the guy on fire (he burns throughout an entire scene)--but other than that, La Reve was much more impressive. La Reve has a much more intimate theater, no seat is poor. At O, the theater is jam packed and the seats uncomfortable. I was bored and very  uncomfortable the whole show!The clowns weren't funny, and were on stage for way too long. I would have been happier if the clown scenes were shorter, making the entire show a bit shorter. Our tickets were 25% off, still 393 for three people (after taxes and fees), at some of the best seats in the house. Row K, seats in the center, right on the edge of the middle section. Not worth it at all. I would not pay twenty bucks to see this again.Like all cirque shows, there wasn't really a theme... which usually doesn't bother me, but this one flowed even more awkwardly than the rest.  I recommend La Reve. It is passionate, and remarkably entertaining, although no true theme, I was able to connect with it. I had no emotional connection with O... Kind of just made me feel like I was having a bad dream... or hallucinating? Not good. Definitely too scary for kids, don't bring em.
4	"0" was simply outstanding.  Cirque on water...in water...above water...marevelous!  This was my second Cirque show and I loved it.  From curtain up to curtain call you become enraptured...choose the cheap sets as you will have a better overall view..trust me our front row seats gave me a crick in the neck......but that is my only complaint.!
4	This is the 4th Cirque show that I have seen.  I wouldn't say it was the best, but it certainly would rate #2.  I wouldn't select seats on the floor.  I would go up a level to see everything going on.
3	WHERE IS THIS WATER COMING FROM?! WHERE DOES IT GO?! HOW DO THESE PEOPLE BREATH?!^^Recurring questions I had during this show. I'm really giving it a 3.5!Theater: Built like an old-time movie theater (amphiteater style). Most seats are decent (Balcony looked like it could strain your neck a bit). The ceiling is GORGEOUS, and water comes from up there (yep, crazy).Acrobats: This Cirque show was probably my third favorite (after LOVE and KA), and I've seen about five of them. Anything with water and acrobats and diving from a gagillion feet is labeled as impressive in my book. At the same time, having water restricts what types of tricks you can do. Some of the diving ones, although impressive, became repetitive.Minus one star for price - EXPENSIVE. Oh dear, is it expensive. I wasn't even in the front (middle, left) and our tickets were $159ish not including sevice charge - eep. I'm still on the fence of whether or not it was wholly worth it. Also, if you've been to a cirque show, you know that the actors walk around in the audience before the show to mess with you. Well, here they mess with you...and sometimes, it's WITH water. Meh, not when I'm all dressed and nice, please. Also, the funny nonacrobatic montages were overextended at times.Overall, it's entrancing, and if you have $$$$ to spend, I'll recommend it to you.
5	O, OOOO, OOOOOOHHHH MY GOSH, That is kind of how I felt when watching this awesome show, my wife and I were lucky enough to get some great special treatment and we were able to sit in the production booth and watch this show and take a backstage tour after. Now, those perks obviously added to the overall experience but without that I would say this was the most amazing show I have ever seen. First of all the theater itself was amazing and the the design of everything was simply perfection. All of the different acts hold there own level of intensity and none of them lack that O factor. From the seating we had we had a great view of the stage and how complex the entire production really is. I was shocked to learn that the music for the show is performed live, yeah you heard right that is not a recording. The music was spot on and keeps you licked into the show for sure. We have a friend that we have met through Verve and she is one of the Amazing performers in the show and after we were lucky enough to be shown around back stage by her and learn a little more about the complete awesomeness and the struggles that some of these performers go through to become a part of this awesome production. This was an extremely awesome way to spend an evening and I would go back and do it again if I ever had the chance.I would recommend this show to anyone coming into Vegas, Not that I need to, It looked like everyone in Vegas had already decided to go considering the theater was packed.
5	An absolute must see! We took my Mom to see the show as well as our sister...and we loved it both times. The aerialists are spectacular and the water element is breathtaking. True professionals and an incredible experience for the audience. This is an especially great show to take someone to that may not be that into theatre, as it is thrilling and captivating. The use of live musicians and vocalists adds depth and emotion, as well as an awe factor, as everything in the show hinges on perfect execution from all members.Pros: Cast, script, director, water & fire elements, aerialists, live musicCons: None!
5	O yeah. This was my first Vegas show and it was amazing. I loved every second of it.Seats: Section 103, F 6/7. Damn. Great. Seats. (But that's just my opinion. I could see how being a few rows back to see a bit more of the stage as a whole would be better for some people.)Price: yeah, expensive...but that's why you should be a MLife players club member and get that shiz 2-for-1 and stop your bitchin'!It's so different seeing these kind of acrobatics and aerial stunts in person. How can somebody's body do that? It is truly impressive. Everything was really beautiful.My only complaint is that I didn't have more pairs of eyeballs to take everything in. I guess this just means that I'll have to see it again!
3	Entertaining show (but...)  Super athletic performers, and a technologically amazing set  utilizing water in really innovative way.  However, for me the show was kind of an unconnected six minute diving or gymnastics displays.  They should rename 'O' to "What Would Happen If Greg Louganis, Mary Lou Retton, Leonardo da Vinci, and Rupaul Did LSD Together".   I saw 'KA' last year and thought it better.  I understand I may be biased due to just seeing 'KA' before 'O', but 'KA' had heros, villains and a backstory to follow within the show.  'O' had the same amazing, high flying antics as 'KA', but rather than a backstory they had clowns.
5	What a phenomenal experience. Absolutely nothing can prepare someone from the sheer awesomeness that happens on stage during this presentation, nothing. Tickets were close to $200, but as an arts major in college and having a special chunk of my heart set aside for musical and visual production, it was easily the best money spent on my trip to Las Vegas. Without giving the premise of the show away, I will say that there is water, there is a stage, sometimes the performers are swimming and diving and within a matter of moments they're on dry land again. There is diving from freakish heights, there are clowns, there is dancing, and a remarkable musical composition. This is not a travelling show, it can't be produced anywhere other than a stationary very highly technical theater so if you find yourself looking for a unique experience in Las Vegas this is it.
5	When I went to Vegas last year, I booked through Southwest Airlines (the Air Taxi as I call it) which had a package that included a ticket to one of the Cirque de Soleil shows in Vegas. Since I had never seen a Cirque show in person I checked up on Yelp (naturally) and found that everyone raved about O, so I chose this one. I was expecting to be falling asleep because with all the dimmed lights, but was I dead wrongThis show is in the Bellagio hotel (amazing hotel by the way). No matter where you sit, the way everything is angled you will not miss the action ...I even got to see the scuba divers at the bottom of the tank. The clowns that come out before the show to keep everyone entertained were hilariousI had never watched a Cirque show (only seen quick clips), but it is something you need to experience in person because the way the choreography and acrobatics are performed are just jaw dropping. The music that accompanies is amazing too. This show just kept me alert and awake
5	Super amazing, jaw dropping stunts/effects and transports you to a different world... a definite must see, in my opinion! Sign up for a M Life card and receive 25% discount on some shows.
5	I was highly impressed by this show, it was funny and graceful and just a well rounded experience. I had no idea what to expect but i enjoyed it very much. The stunts were awesome and the hard bodies at work were awesome to watch. Definitely go!
5	I've seen several Vegas shows since I saw 'O' years ago, and it is still my favorite show in Vegas. Make sure you buy tickets in advance; at least the last time I checked, O isn't included in the discounted 'half-price' tickets that you can get on the day of the show for many other shows in Vegas. It is a bit pricey compared to other shows but well worth the unique experience. I recommend the show to everyone visiting Las Vegas and would definitely see it again myself.
5	The most surrealistic of the Cirque shows, and perhaps the most artful, this show resembles a cabaret.  Haunting, soulful music, and ethereal sets rank this Cirque as the most romantic.  I somehow got less expensive tickets for a Sunday night show, and was tired by the time we rolled in, so the show took on an appropriate dream like quality which lulled me into the beauty of the water theme.  Graceful and fluid, this show takes on the characteristics of the water that accompanies most of the acts.  Beautiful costumes enhance the already beautifully conditioned bodies of the performers, making this the most magical Cirque production.
5	Good show, you won't be disappointed.
5	Best Cirque show on the strip.  The performers are amazing, the acts are jaw dropping, and the music suites every act perfectly and really helps feeling engaged in the performance.  I have seen the show twice and suggest choosing the seats in the front row of the balcony, really allows to take in everything going on throughout the entire stage.  Just writing this review makes me want to see it again, its that good.
5	O is for Outstanding.This is my new favorite Cirque show! There were several classic acts with an aquatic twist, as well as some new ones that you won't see anywhere else. I didn't want to miss anything so sometimes it was hard to watch everything that was going on!O is for Originality. Where else are you going to see all four elements - fire, earth, water and air - utilized in one show? The amphibious costumes were unlike anything I've ever seen before, although they kind of made everyone look androgynous. The dynamic pool-stage is just as impressive as the performers, raising and lowering the water level at will.   O is for Oohs, Ahs and Oh-my-gahs.There were several points in the show that I had to hold my breath. This show will definitely keep you on the edge of your seat! Just a warning, we were in the fourth row from the stage; if you're in the first few rows you will get a little wet!
5	Cirque du Soleil's O seriously blew my mind. I could watch it one hundred times over and never get bored. My boyfriend and I made a big to-do about the whole night. We got all dressed up and went to Todd English's Olives for a fancy dinner and then headed over to the O theater. The theater itself is absolutely beautiful. We were seated in section 105, aisle seats, 2nd row from the stage. These were the cheapest seats ($93.50 + tax) because they were in the "limited view" area. I was a little worried about this when we bought the tickets, but we definitely did not have a limited view! There is a bit of a corner where the performers come out, so you are not able to see the very edge of the side that they are actually trying to hide (there are so many people and pieces of equipment back there!), so I would recommend getting these seats because you are close enough to see the amazing details of the costumes and makeup and you can see everything perfectly on stage for a cheaper price! Also, I did not get wet in these seats, so I really do not know what people are complaining about. I felt maybe one or two drops and a light mist for a few minutes during a specific scene in the performance (I don't want to give it away!), but I was in a nice dress and had just done my hair, so believe me, I would be the first to complain if this was actually a problem. The performance was stunning. I can't believe how people are not impressed by these feats. I must say that my favorite performer was the fan dancer/drag guy =]. The human body is absolutely amazing - it must have taken them years of practice to perfect their skills. I have an immense amount of respect for these people. Not only did the performers have strength, endurance, and bravery (you could never get me that high in the air), but they seemed to truly care that the audience was excited about what they were doing. I also found that there was a plot to the performance, although I won't say what it was because I do not want people to get mad for me giving it away. Maybe I just made up a story in my head, but I really think the performance can be anything that you really want it to be. It's art - they are creative, you should be too! I know it is a bit expensive to go, but it is not an everyday occurrence, so I definitely recommend splurging - it is something you will never forget!
5	One of the most visually stunning shows I have EVER seen! EVER! I just don't think it gets better than O! My best friend and I went to Vegas for a girl's weekend and we each picked a show. Her choice was O. I had never seen it before and she told me that she planned on changing that ASAP. I didn't have very high expectations, I mean how great could it really be? But she raved about it so I went in with an open mind. The theatre is beyond beautiful. The music sends you to another place. The costumes are eye candy by themselves. The whole show transports you to another world where the line between reality and fantasy is blurred to perfection. The cast...wow. Their dedication to their craft is obvious. I spent the evening on the edge of my seat with chills running up and down my spine. Yes, it really is that damn good. You pay a pretty penny for tickets, but it is so worth it. I will be back...again and again. Because it is such a feast for your eyes, I think more than one viewing is necessary. Simply put, amazing. If I could give it more stars, I would.
5	Worth every penny! From the beginning to the end, every minute was captivating. Can't wait for my next cirque show! Cirque du so WOW!!!
4	Ehhh. I have to say that this is very much the same to another Cirque De Soleil show, Le Reve . Ill say that this show is a bit better, although similar this show doesnt have its whole show in water. Its half and half. Saw some pretty amazing stunts. I can appreciate this one. Id watch it again.
3	MAKE SURE YOU GET YOUR TICKETS EARLY, THEY SELL OUT SO QUICK!!!!I was really excited to see "O" because I've seen several Cirque productions and loved them all.  I was kind of disappointed with this one.  The set was amazing with all the water, but the actual show was kind of boring.There was WAY more interpretive dancing in this one and less acrobatics.  The best way to describe "O" would be that it is for the over 55 crowd.  This is definitely an old person's Cirque show.
4	Yay!!  I FINALLYYYYYY got to see this show this past Memorial Day weekend.Call casino marketing if you ever are to book at a Vegas hotel b/c they can throw in some extra perks for you.  Not only did I get a good deal on my Aria hotel room, since I booked at an MGM grand hotel, I was able to get a 2 for 1 deal on the O tickets, which is AWESOME b/c O tickets are so damn expensive!!  Total came out to be $165 for me and my bf AND we got to sit in the middle towards the front of the stage.  Great seats!WHY ONLY 4 STARS:-  O had some slow parts...bf didn't want to say it, but I know that he got sleepy during the show.-  The storyline was a bit confusing, but that may be because there were so many different skits one after the other.-  Personally, I like Le Reve at the Wynn better, but that may be b/c I had strawberries and champagne during the show.  OVERALL:I loved the energy of the entire cast...you can really tell that they put their everything into the show.  The whole audience stood up with a standing ovation at the end.  I can't believe they have to perform twice in one night!  They have bodies built like a machine!  The comedic skits with the clowns were funny and the acrobatics, water routines and the gymnastics of the entire cast was just amazing.  I couldn't help but be wowed throughout the show.  If you can get a deal on this show, I recommend watching it at least once when you come to Vegas.
5	This is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show.  The first time I saw it, I had the balcony seats and didn't like how I could see everything that was going on underwater so this time, when our seats were right in the center, they were perfect!  I think the best seats in the house would have been the row right in front of ours, since we had a couple with big heads in front of us.  When you're buying tickets, try to go for Upper Orchestra, Section 203, third row (whatever letter it is...you'll see that it's the first full row on the map), seats 11, 12, 13...around there is smack dab in the center.  We were in the fourth row so that's why we had people in front of us but it was still amazing seats and I don't think there's really a bad seat in the house.  But if I have to recommend specific seats, go for those.  Get there a little early...the clowns come out and roam the crowds a bit and it's really fun to watch them before the show starts.  My 10 year old daughter had a blast and I'm sure this will be one of the memories that will stick out in her mind about Vegas.
4	I don't know what I can say about O that hasn't already been said, so I'll just give a few snippets of my experience!1) It's a beautiful show. Seriously stunning. Therefore, the closer you are the more you'll probably enjoy it. While there aren't any bad seats in the house, I was up on the balcony and probably would have gotten more info the show if I was a bit closer. 2) I know there's typically a "plot" in every Cirque show, but I think I kind of missed the plot on this one. Don't get me wrong - I loved the show (the acrobatics, incredible feats, etc) but I didn't see much of a story. 3) My two favorite acts were the divers and the trio of incredibly flexible Asian ladies. Simply unbelievable and I didn't want to blink and miss anything at all during those performances. 4) As others have said - don't be late. O starts off with a a bang and not only is it rude to block guests' views while you're meandering to your seat but you'll likely miss a bit of the opening act. 5) When you consider all of the stunning costumes, amazing acrobatics and insync performances it only stuns you more when you realize that these performers are working in *water*.Go see O - it's a fabulous show and worth the money. I'd also recommend seeing Ka - it's the only Cirque show I've liked more than O...and that's saying quite a bit!
5	It's sort of excellent combination of Acrobatics and stage design. What amazed me is the design part - music, costumes, lights and cute/mute dialogues As to the skill part, I've seen more complicated and difficult ones a decade ago. I appreciate the hardworking but it really doesn't surprise me at all.I was sitting in the first row and feeling over dressed for the show at the beginning. But after seeing it, I think it worth me dress up for.
5	This is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show.  The theater is wonderful and there is no bad seat.  The costumes were out of this world and the use of water was astonishing!  I thought KA was elementally intriguing but O just blew my mind.  This show is a must see for anyone visiting Las Vegas.  You have to see it, at least, once in your life time.  Bravo to the cast and everyone who has helped put this extraordinary show together.
3	Saw "O" with a couple of friends in April; we sat in section 102, Row H, seats 6-8.  Although we weren't "central" to the stage, we were still able to catch all the action.  My friends were blown away and absolutely loved "O", but I was less enthused.  I don't feel the show was worth the $175 price per ticket (tax included).  I guess I'm still spoiled by the spectacle and storyline associated with "KA" at the MGM Grand.  The music with "KA" is also more poignant and more relevant to the plot.  I can certainly appreciate the talent that went into the performances and sets, but I expected more "acts".  Although the comedic acts by the two clowns were enjoyable at first, after the second act, it became repetitive...and annoying.  I have seen "KA", "Zumanity", "Mystere", "Le Reve", and now "O", but so far, "KA" remains my all-time favorite cirque show.  Would I pay to see "O" again?  No.  With that said, everyone should experience this show at least once.  I think for those that haven't experienced a cirque show, it will be an enjoyable experience.  (I've seen "KA" twice and will pay to see it again.)Try to get to the show at least 30 minutes before start-time.  You'll have the opportunity to grab a drink and get souvenir photos taken.  The photographer(s) that take photos of you will give you a ticket and by the end of the show, your photos will be ready for viewing as you exit the theater.  A set of two photos (5"x7") will cost you $45, but hey, they come with memories...and a nice souvenir "O" photo frame.
4	Alright, I'm nna lie, I wasn't expecting to like this show all that much, but the fiancee really wanted to see it and, of course, I obliged.  Overall, I would say the show was visually appealing, but lacked in the story department.  With all the acrobatics you could easily dismiss that flaw.  At times there seemed to be too much going on at once.The show is about 90 minutes long, and doesn't have an intermission.  This production must really rake it in because the prices are quite high, but I guess they had to pay for the shape-shifting pool. The Bellagio theater is pretty good as far as theaters go.  Seats are spacious and there is plenty of leg room, unlike some of the ancient theaters on Broadway.4 stars for a great acrobatics show, but would have liked a little more story.
5	First off, I'd like to thank all the previous Yelp reviews for alerting me to the fact that by mentioning the word "Bellagio" when booking by phone I get an instant 25% off. BINGO!As far as seating goes, the past reviews were mixed in opinions, which only lead to massive confusion and indecisiveness. But after calling in to the box office 3 times and asking friends I felt I was able to make a sound decision. Sure enough, I couldn't have been more happy with my seating choice and so I'd like to offer my...OFFICIAL SEATING BREAKDOWN:- Back of section 103 is pretty much unanimously voted the best seats of the house. But apparently these seats are incredibly hard to get - either reserved for VIP guests or you have to book early.- Sitting in the first few rows is still at the highest price tier, but is going to be a total neck strain as you're trying to catch all the action of the entire stage.- I sat on the balcony in section 303. The first row of the balcony hovers over row S in section 203, so it was not as far back as I had first imagined. First row of balcony has a railing and security does not allow you to lean forward. I would opt for the second row (where I sat) as center as possible, even though the entire section is centered and decent. Honestly, I thought the balcony had great seats. You were able to see everything that was going on for a great price. A few reviews mentioned how the scuba divers were distracting, but I thought it was interesting to see how the mechanics of the pool worked.- If you can't get the best seats of the house, save some money and sit in section 303.And as for the show.... I don't think there's much I can say that you don't know already. There's a reason why O is so popular, and that's because it's absolutely mind-blowing. Play close attention to the red curtains at the beginning. The reveal was breathtaking. If you're a Cirque du Soleil virgin (like I was), this is definitely a great one to start with!
5	Out of the 5 Cirque shows that I've seen, O is by far the MOST AWESOME!Made even MORE awesome by the GREAT deal David G and I got on tickets through seller pcl_las on eBay (2 center orchestra tickets, Section 103, Row K, seats 5&6 - $170/seat face value, for $240 total - delivered to our hotel), this was the most memorable show experience I've ever had.Between the lithe acrobats, the stunning costumes and changing set, the live music and mesmerizing singing, and the WATER element, I was almost moved to tears during this spectacular performance.  I've loved all the Cirque shows, and yet have never wanted to see a repeat of any of them - until this one.Something about that water element made it so amazing!If you're going to Vegas, I'd highly recommend seeing this show.  But look for tickets on eBay first.  If you're as lucky as we were, seller Patty (pcllas.lv@yahoo.com) will make your show experience even more memorable than you can imagine!!
5	I keep hearing things about this show so I made it a show stopper to come see what I hear is the best show in Vegas.  I had my hopes up really high and usually that's not a good sign.The theater for O is pretty nice.  When the doors opened you walked through the doors and got led through a hallway of very beautiful sculptures of characters in O.  They came in many different sizes and I stopped to look and admire many of the pieces.  Once you walk past the artwork you are at the theater doors where ushers help point you to the right seat.  The O theater is pretty nice and cozy.  We had center seating about 10-15 rows back.  We sat down for a few minutes when the show "started" with some of the case walking around and we thought were just goofing off with some crowd interaction to get the crowd into it.  This went on for about 10 minutes and there were some good laughs.  What we didn't know was that this was a lead into the show and an introduction to some of the characters. I don't really want to write an in depth review to spoil this show so I'll just say, if there's one show you want to see in Vegas it's O!!!Visually it's beautiful, the music and vocals are gorgeous...and live.  There is a lot going on so don't sit to close or you can miss things.  I was taken through a roller coaster of emotions but the one that was there throughout was joy.  At times I was scared...you'll know when you see it and when the show ended I wanted to cry because I didn't want it to stop.  Did I mention I didn't sleep the night before and was running on an all nighter while watching the 10pm show?  It kept me awake and wanting more.  I'd definitely see this show again!
5	My company had discounted front row tickets so on my last trip to Vegas a few weekends ago I definitely made use of those.  I've been wanting to see O for several years but the shows have either been sold out or out of my price range at the time.  I was ABSOLUTELY blown away by this show.  I could have gone back the next night for another show.  This is by-far the best Cirque du Soleil show that is out there.  Helpful hint: The first three rows are considered "splash" seats, because you do get a bit wet.  The lady next to me must have not gotten the memo because she grumbled the entire show about it.  You don't get soaking wet or anything but the mist from the water is inevitable because of how close you are to the stage, plus the clowns like to squirt their squirt guns haha.If you've been on the fence about going because of money, I totally recommend the splurge - it is worth EVERY penny!
5	Mesmerizing. Stunning.  An absolute must-see!  It took me years to finally watch, but SO glad I did.  The view from the second level orchestra (Section 203, Row S7) was excellent.  I can't say anything about the lower level, but I think the distance and height makes for better viewing.It blows all other Cirque du Soleil shows out of the water!
5	What a fantastic production! The scale and skill of this show is definitely a must see. This was my first Cirque show and I can't wait to see another one. All the performers from the synchronized swimmers to the clowns were great. Definitely see this show if you get a chance.
5	My very fist Cirque show and I was so stunned and amazed and impressed. I couldn't believe how fast those swimmers got in and out of the water, and there were terrific dives from great heights on perilous see saws and acrobats flying through the air on metal ships in the sky, just to name a few of my favorite things. The performers at Cirque are absolutely the best of the best, and they go all out and the show is so worth the money. Go see it!!
2	I had always wanted to see the mother of all Cirque De Soleil shows, presumably "O" at the Bellagio, but tickets were always sold out while I was in Vegas. Somehow this past July 4 weekend, I was able to get tickets only a couple days before I left home.I had seen all other Cirque de Soleil shows in Vegas, such as: "KA", "Zumanity", "Mystere", "Le Reve", so my expectation for this O show was very high. The stage for O was the most elaborate and beautiful. I give it a 5-star. But the show itself was boring. It was nothing but a bunch of acrobatic performances. I've seen them all already at the Circus Circus Hotel and Casino(minus the water) in Vegas and the shows there were free, I didn't have to pay a dime for it. Somehow they perform the same stunts at the O and they charge you $200 to see it.There were a lot of things going on around the stage while the main act is undergoing. Actors were running around, yelling, singing, dancing but it's just to give you an impression that the show is big and the acts are grand but in reality they know the acts are boring so basically they have a bunch of people running around so the audience doesnt fall asleep.Basically it's nothing but a bunch of boring acrobatic performances in a beautiful theater. That's all there is to it.
5	Zumanity was great, Mystere is superb, but O is the best. Can't wait to see Ka and Love.If you have never seen a Cirque show you haven't experience Vegas. It's worth the price tag.Read more detailed Las Vegas and Los Angeles Reviews on my blog- http://rescuelashelters.wordpress.com/2011/07/06/the-best-of-the-las-vegas-strip/
5	AMAZING!! saw it twice and still willing to go back for more. but if this is your 1st cirque show..... well you will never see anything better! great for kids, couples, grandparents. JUST BEAUTIFUL!
4	Simply amazing and beautiful... well worth whatever price you choose to pay... we sat third row and saw every nuance in the performer's faces, but honestly I often felt that there was so much to see at once that I would rather have sat further back... the water-based show needs to be seen to be understood... images that still haunt me: the man that sits in a chair, reading a newspaper, on fire... for five minutes, while the show goes on around him... on fire... amazing... then there is the woman who balances on her head... on a swinging trapeze... 30 feet abive the water... again, amazing... or the haunting piano player that slowly sinks into the abyss... only took one star away for the clowns... they are tedious... all in all, see this show... it is the truest expression of the beauty, poetry, and artistry the human mind and body are capable of...
5	O is breathtaking and beautiful. I loved it.  After seeing Mystere and Elvis too, both great Cirque shows, I can say that O is my favorite. It has great stunts and a good storyline.My advice on seating is to go for section 203. It in the middle; it's low enough to see well, but high enough to see everything. And as far as buying tickets, we went to the box office the day before and got tickets for Friday's 7:30 show easily. Go see it and enjoy.
5	It's interesting reading all the "bad" reviews of this show. I just don't get it.I've seen nearly all the Cirque shows in the US, including the ones that tour. (The latter is probably the most "disappointing" of them all since you're able to do so much more with a permanent stage.) This is the best Cirque show I've ever seen, hands down. There's a reason why it gets so many rave reviews!One of the main reasons that crops up for the bad reviews of the show on Yelp has to do with the "lack of plot." If plot is something that's so drastically important to some, then go see a theater production or Cirque's Ka. Personally, the reason why I wasn't a huge fan of Ka was that it followed a story *too* much, IMPO. Cirque shows are known for their THEMES not their PLOTS, and O is no different.The show is breathtaking from beginning to end. The clowns offer some fun interludes and the costumes and theater are absolutely amazing. Cirque really used the theme of O (water) to affect every pore of this production.If you can afford it, you have to see this show. You won't regret it. Just don't come expecting a plot and try to focus on what's going on in front of you (Cirque shows have a great deal going on in the background.)
3	Really REALLY good, but not great. Definitely not worth $180 per ticket, not the best Cirque show. I guess the old saying is true. With high expectations come even bigger letdowns.
5	Definitely one of the best Cirque's we've seen.  I would rate it 2nd behind LOVE, and it's my wife's favorite.  If you like this, I recommend trying out Le Reve also at the Wynn.  It's not a Cirque, but it is very similar to O, and an all around great show.
5	Cirque has done it once again.  This was a fantastic show and the wonderfully talent company did not disappoint this night.We had very nice seats at the back of the theatre but not so far away as you were struggling to see the goings on.  In fact, the seats were like comfy arm chairs you have in your own living room in the far back row.  I'm guessing they use them to accommodate the folks that need a bit more room, etc.  I'm not sure how we ended up with the last two but we did.  Very nice.There were some moments where I was fearful for the performers but only because I have a fear of heights and I don't know how they do this stuff.  All in all incredible and awe inspiring.  A must see if you have the time while in the big city.
5	This show is a MUST-SEE!!!This show was so unique, in that it was performed in a 25ft deep pool! These performers are AMAZING! Not only can they do gymnastics and acrobatics, but they are amazingly beautiful swimmers and divers. The element of water gave this show a very intriguing, captivating, and almost sensual edge, compared to other cirque shows. Every moment of the show was thrilling to watch, and every part of the show will appeal to ALL ages. The production itself was also fantastic. The music really complimented the acrobatics perfectly, and took you on a ride of different emotions/feelings. And it was ALL done live (music, singing, performing).We had middle balcony seats, which we were very nervous about before the show. But honestly, I had zero complaints about the view!! If you can only seem to get balcony seats, I would say go for it!...But try to get the seats in the middle of the rows of the balcony, so you wont have to watch it from a weird angle.This show was one of the most stunning performances I have ever seen. I will be back in Vegas to see the other Cirque shows!!!
5	I've only seen a total of 3 Cirque shows, but out of them 3, this is the best one. When I go to see the circus, this is what I'm expecting to see - magnificent acrobatics, impossibly high jumps and catapults, incredible music and just a huge production. What really attracted me to this show was the fact that it wasn't heavy on the storyline, which is what the other Cirque shows seem to run on. Really not my thing.Besides the fella crackin the whip, the crazy water scenes and the amazing music, I really loved the comic relief that the 2 goofball clowns provided. Highly amusing, those 2. Another thing that had me biting my nails was the girl who was walkin up/balancing up the string of a rope she was walking on. The entire audience had a huge *GASP* moment when she kinda flinched and almost looked like she was going to fall. But she didn't! It was really amazing. Another thing I love about Vegas Cirque shows: the pre show. I love the fact that they have audience interaction segment. Makes paying almost $200 worth it. There was also a "splash zone" by the very front. Amusing, but I don't recall the people sitting in that area getting really wet. They might have been sprinkled, but not really a huge splash.Would I go again? As much as I want to, I won't. I want to be able to see all the shows in Vegas so this one is off my list. I thoroughly enjoyed it though and I highly recommend it for anyone who wants to see a Cirque show. Five out of five.
5	first time I was blown away in Vegas. After so many trips there, so many shows. No other performance can be compared to it. You gotta see it yourself! Absolutely amazing!
5	absolutely amazing show! definite must see! everything was fantastic...the music, the acts, the effects, and the great usage of water. simply entertaining from start to end.
5	What else can you say except AMAZEBALLS!
5	Holy shit balls what an incredible show! The fiance took me during our one night in Vegas drive through. Seriously I'm not a wuss but I cried through the first 30 minutes of the show! It was totally embarrassing. I def suggest you see this if you can. It's the first Cirque De Soleil and still one of the best selling, and in Vegas that says something. You WILL be amazed!
5	O M G. O took my breath away.Swimming pool on the stage? Check. Diving board 50ft up in the air? CheckContortionists? CheckGlitzy Vegas surroundings? CheckGreat music? CheckPossibility to buy the CD at the door? Check.But O Cirque du Soleil, you had me at the swimming pool. (tear)
5	Acrobatics, water ballet, comedy, and magic.....I suppose these are the keywords/tags I would use when describing this performance.Every single second I was in awe.I tried to document every fascinating snippet as I experienced the magical moment this group of talented performers brought.Not only are they extremely talented in what they are able to do with their bodies, they also show a heck of a lot of trust. Performing 10 times a week and going through a year's training before performance shows determination and passion for what they do. I am very impressed.I found the clowns adorable with their acts and some of their stunts like mini magic tricks, the water ballet simply fierce yet graceful, the acrobatics and flame jugglers fabulous and precise...Standing ovation. Best show in Vegas and with the full audience to show.
4	I had extremely high expectation for this show and they were partly met.  I have seen many cirque shows in the past.  We had wonderful seats and this is always helpful.  We were second row center.  Overall, worth seeing if you have the time.Pros:Most unique and amazing stage I have ever seen.Amazing high dives.Original fire dancers.Cool contortionists (though have seen better)Cons:Stupid clowns.  Cirque: do some market research.  The clowns are never funny and, in this show, totally annoying.The show was actually shorter than I expected.  One act.The action was quite scattered around the stage with certain unimpressive displays distracting from the main act.
4	WOW! Where to begin. . . was it just me or was everyone else dazed afterwards? Lol I couldn't for the life of me figure out what the theme of this production was, other than it's a water show. There was no rhythm or reason to each of the scenes (like the scuba people), but each scene kept your eyes busy that's for sure. My all time favorite were the 3 contortionists and that's all I'm going to say because you just have to see it to believe it! The big boat was exciting, but I don't know, I wanted more flying and swing. The music was good but the musician were in this costume above us and I think they were trying to dress like a ghost? Anyway kind of weirded me out, among other weird dead like props and costumes. If I had to pick one act to see more it would have been the clowns! They were hilarious and I loved the comic relief between all the intense acts. By the way even if you brought tickets outside of the splash zone you could still get drizzled on, but nothing to wear a rain coat to. Also these tickets were way more than all the other Cirque du Soleil shows, but not sure if it's really worth it. It was a huge production so I understand why they had to charge as much as they did. But a lot of the acts were just extra because I only have one pair of eyes and I can only process so much at one time and it was a huge stage 8-) Not sure if I would want to see it again, but I'm glad I saw it.
2	I had very high expectations for O. For years, I have been dying to see this because everyone raves about it. It fell short of my expectation.I have to admit the stage itself deserves 5 stars. Since it was a water-based show, the stage consisted of a pool and diving boards. It was extremely unique, BUT the show was rather boring. While the main act was going on, there were a lot of other things happening as well. Other scenes within with performers running around screaming and I believe this takes away from the main show.My favorite part of the show would be near the end when all the divers begin to perform their diving tricks. I also really enjoy the two comedians on top of the house. Other than that, I thought it was pretty boring.
5	This is the best show on the strip period. I have seen this show twice and it was amazing on both visits as I caught the nuances I missed out the first time. The submerging stage is a great achievement. All the acrobats are top notch. Maybe it was the first Cirque production I saw but it is still memorable. This is an awe inspiring production and Cirque gets all the credit they deserve for turning the entertainment industry around in the city of sin. If there was one show I would recommend in Las Vegas this one would be it.
5	the parking at this casino is far away from where you want to park...lol.O the first Cirque Du Soleil that i wanted to watch because they did a mini show on the news once.  I think it was NBC.  So i really was excited to see this.  How could you not?  It was the first circus act to perform with water, other than a guy climbing a ladder really high in the air and diving into it...hmm, pier 39 comes to mind in san francisco, I miss that show.So about this show.  I can't tell you too much because ITS A MUST SEE!  There are so many people in this show its amazing.  I kept thinking were these people gymnasts who learned how to dive?  The thing is they have a HIGH in the air act.  They have these swings that they man themselves and gather momentum to jump into the air and perform an acrobatic move before diving into the water.  HEY!  WHERE DID THAT DIVER GO!?!?!?  HEY!  WHERE DID THAT PERSON JUST COME FROM!?!?!?!  they've been under the water for how long?  I don't see where they came from...How big is that stage?  How long, how do they know they won't fall or drop into the water?  It must take a LOT OF PRACTICE.Oh, that diver on that particular stunt, didn't get enough rotation and hit the water a bit flat...WOW.OH JUST GO SEE THIS SHOW!  Its an original!
5	Amazing!!! It makes you realize and be grateful that there are people out there with the imagination to create such a story and presentation and those that can execute it.  I've seen quite a few Cirque shows and this one is at the top of my list.  I would recommend it to anyone, even if you think you've seen it all, you really haven't.
2	hmmm... I know this show has such high remarks , but i have to say, i found it boring. I was struggling to not fall asleep. The performers were diving down into a stage filled with water and I give credit to the performers b/c it was very high up. but the show itself is just boring. I have seen better shows from cirque du soleil.
5	To summarize with one word: STUNNING.If I could rename the O show, I would call it the O So Random show.  Lots of water.  Fire.  Clowns.  Weddings.  Ships.  Spaceship.  Random.I'm sure there was a storyline of some sort behind the production, but I was too busy staring at the acrobatics to even follow the story.  But that's okay.  This show is all about intaking the stage and performers with your eyes.  So much is happening at once and while I want to concentrate on the center act, my eyes were drawing attention to the ensemble and other parts of the stage.Loved the fire poi and any of the diving acts.   Just amazing.And my mom really, really enjoyed it, which is rare since she's Asian, doesn't understand anything, and mostly just complains about how things don't make sense and suck, but she absolutely LOVED this.
5	Absolutely a beautifully choreagraphed, mesmerizing performance. And before I forget to say this, CALL AHEAD AND SEE IF ANY "LIMITED VIEW SEATING" is available. We got seats for 2/3 the price of the ones right next to us (in 4th row of upper orchestra). We really had no problems seeing the stage or the performers, and the only reason they call these seats "limited view" is because there is a handrail or guardrail that blocks 5-10% of the stage in your line of sight. The reality, is that the people sitting in front of us blocked more of the edge of the stage than the guardrails, so that was not even an issue for us!so briefly, acrobatics, synchronized swimming, diving, an interesting story line, "crowd involvement," and of course, their wonderful clown transitional performances just do such a sensational job of drawing you in to each and every moment of the performance. The only thing is that there is always SO MUCH to see that is going on simultaneously that you can't possibly catch it all! If you are looking for a classy demonstration of raw power, yet elegance, grandiosity, but yet refinement, then come and check out O.
5	Simply amazing.  You will be captivated and truly thankful for having experienced such beauty and artistry.  The acrobatic displays and water aspect will leave you in awe.  You will appreciate the dedication and craftsmanship it takes to produce such a magnificent spectacle.
4	Awesome but almost too much. There were also subtle mistakes that most wouldn't notice but a trained eye caught easily. But worth seeing
5	Best Cirque show yet! I've only been to one other Cirque show (LOVE at the Mirage), but I find this one to be incredibly hard to top. We had Loggia seats, which at first I was concerned about because I thought that our view wouldn't be as good as Section 1 seating, but I was not disappointed whatsoever. My only minor complaint was that the theatre got very cold during the show, so bring something warm to wear!
5	I've never seen a show quite like it. Really this is one of the best shows I've ever seen and I'm not sure how to compare it. There are the many acrobats and contortionists but with the the music and costumes and water and sets are all just amazing. See it and you will have a great time.
5	I have no doubt that this was the best show I'll ever see in my life, hands down.From the moment I stepped in to the auditorium I had a huge, beaming smile on my face. To me, it's all about the attention to detail. True circus is about playing with the audience's expectations, and at that, these guys are masters.
3	I know this show is supposed to be amazing and I'm pretty sure it is the most popular Cirque show on the Strip, but I was a little underwhelmed.We were seated in the fourth row (so close!) and so I had a great view of the action. Amazing costumes, makeup, and actors.Here's the thing: there is soooooooooo much going on, that you can't focus and follow along.  Also, there isn't really a storyline and it's a jumble of acts.  Case in point: at one moment in the show, there is a man completely engulfed in flames who walks across the stage, crazy sea monsters coming out of the water, men dressed in French aristocratic servant clothes marching across the stage, and a butler who looks like Riff Raff from Rocky Horror dancing...all at the same time.  At that point I literally turned to my husband and said, "What the eff is this shhh?" (You can fill in the euphemisms I'm sure).In terms of water based shows, I like La Reve better. And in terms of acrobatics and circustry, I liked Zumanity and Absinthe better.  I just think there are some better shows out there.
5	The best show I have ever seen!!, there are not words to describe the show! Spmething you MUST see if you are in Las Vegas!!!
2	Two stars because honestly, meh, I've experienced better. For what I paid for, I expected more. Saw some shows in Asia before that did what O does and paid more than half the prices. I choose Zumanity over O. The details are great, but only if you truly know what's going on in the storyline. The set is beautiful and very glamorous. If this is your fist time seeing a show like this, then maybe it's worth it. If this is not your first one and you seen something similar, then chances are the other ones are better.
5	Phenomenal!!!  By far the coolest thing I found in Vegas!  There must be 85 people in that show -- clowns, dancers, acrobats, singers, musicians, SCUBA divers -- and it is choreographed beautifully!  Like everything, I guess, the show is bigger in Vegas.  The water adds a whole new element and level of complexity to Cirque!  I just loved it.  And it is perfect to go outside and watch the Bellagio fountains before and after.  A great evening!
5	Cirque du Soleil shows always amaze me.  O is no exception.  I'm glad that I was finally able to watch it during my last trip to Vegas, since it's always sold out whenever I go.There's a lot that you can like about O.  incredible water acrobatics, comedy, amazing contortionists, and great music.  There are definitely a lot of amazing moments going on in the 90 minutes that you spend in the O Theatre.   Sadly, I can't say that it's my favorite out of the 3 CdS shows I've seen.  Maybe it was the high expectations that I had for it since everyone said it was the best show they've ever seen and also its won many awards.  Personally I liked both KA and LOVE a lot better but that's just my personal taste.  Overall, despite it not being my favorite, it's still worthy of earning 5 stars from me because of the high production value and it is a definite must see when you're in Vegas.
3	This was the first CDS show I'd ever seen and we were honestly, well...underwhelmed.  So much so that I was falling asleep halfway through during the ship act.  I just found this whole show to move kind of slow and wasn't overly impressed.  We've since seen KA and Mystere and LOVED both.  I'd rank KA as #1, then Mystere, and O at the bottom of the pack.  Seeing La Reve this weekend and hoping it's better!
3	I agree with some of the other posts. If you've seen traditional acrobatic acts before or seen the Cirque Du Soleil highlights on TV then this show probably won't impress you. The most amazing thing about this show for me was the stage that opens to become a pool and closes to become a stage, the divers that are in the tank moving props and such, and the endurance of the swimmers and dancers. Also, a warning about the back balcony seating, from this section you will have a hard time watching the pre-show skits with the clowns.
5	WOW!!!  Phenomenal...Overall it has everything you'd expect from Cirque du Soleil and from Vegas: talented performers, amazing musical score performed live, amazing set and show.  The stage has a 1.5 million gallon tank.... Again if you're sitting up close, it may get a bit interactive.  I would love to see this show again!  Next time I'll hit up the Mystere, Elvis, or MJ, or KA shows.  A MUST if you're there near the Bellagio.  Always best to get tickets to shows early.  Seats are will call.  This show will amaze with an overall visual appeal set to beautiful singing and dancing.
5	Loved it! Went with friends and enjoyed the artistry and creativity!  If you're not a fan of Cirque du Soleil the incredible divers and contortionists might change your mind.  Out of our group there was only one hold out.  She said she is not a circus fan and it was too artsy.  Dare I say she is a self proclaimed "red neck" so this was just not her thing.
5	A Short&Sweet Review..... Shorter than most reviews and sweeter than a quick tip.SHORT (not so great....)1. O can be a bit slow at times... If you want an action packed cirque, I recommend "Ka" over "O".  2. If you have to choose between far back center or close-up side...pick the far back center to get a better view of the show.Sweet (the good...)1. The first time I watched "O" was a decade ago and the stage still amazes me today.  The intricacy and timing of the moving platforms and water are like nothing else in this world.2. The performances were effortless and magical.  There is much to be said about the performers who execute it twice a night and five days a week.3. "O" is located at the Bellagio where Michael Mina offers a theatre prix fixe meal right before the show.
4	O is all the things you love about the Olympics rolled into 1 show: Diving & gymnatics. And if syncronized swimming and clown acts are your faves, well, added bonus.Do yourself a favor and read the website or wikipedia about the show. Almost everyone in my party was confused about what the hell was going on. There's a back story, but not.Have ADHD? This show is for you! There are sooooooooooooo many things going on at the same time - I wasn't sure where to focus my attention!The auditorium is supposed to be a sort-of replica of an ancient theater. Unfortunately, if you're in the 300 section, row 2 and above, you miss some of the show. The clowns do something down below, I could only see a bit of it without risking falling to my death. Good thing I hate clowns!
2	Bad show? Or did a series of unfortunate events skew my judgement?First, we were seated in the balcony which is so far away it is impossible to enjoy the show. I have perfect vision and if i can't see from there the seats should not exist [or should cost less]. I was so disconnected from the performance it felt like i was watching TV. We booked 3 weeks before and those were the only seats.  Still cost me over $110 for a ticket. The show had some slow parts which were coupled with 0 audience interaction at my level. I fell asleep for a brief moment...yes i was tired going into this already and i had a large alcoholic drink to my face beforehand :) :)I have to say, i appreciate these people 100%, the acrobatics are great, the performance was crazy but i really was not feeling this one at all. I go on entrainment factor and i was just not entertained. I learned my lesson, book early and sped the few extra dollars for the better seats. I WILL make it a point to go back one day and sit closer.
5	My favorite show in Vegas. Located in my favorite hotel in Vegas. Ummm... that's all. :)Tickets are expensive (as any other Vegas show!) but well worth it. We sat in the 7th row. Not too close to get splashed on but not too far either. It was perfect. Words can't express how awesome and breathtaking the show is. 1.5 million gallons of water with moving platforms, acrobatics, dance, comedy, basically a little bit of everything. We took pictures beforehand which we picked up after the show (we paid an arm and a leg, but hey!... we're in Vegas) and it was a nice souvenier. I'd highly recommend this show to those in Vegas... definitely a must see!
5	O was the second Cirque show I have ever seen and it has always stayed with me as one of my favorites. It is an innovative and beautiful show. I have been twice over the years and unlike every other show, this is the only one I have actually had to pay full price for each and every time. That says a lot about the demand for this spectacular show. I recommend spending a little more to get tickets closer towards the front. It is a very large theater and although every seat is good, being closer is definitely better.
5	If you're going to watch one Cirque show in Vegas, make it this one!Trust, it's one of the best Cirque shows i've ever seen on the strip!From the breathtaking panoramic scenes, amazing set changes, and jaw dropping acrobatic performances, this show is a MUST for any Vegas goer.The water element was what took this show over the top for me.  Much like Le Reve (not a Cirque Du Soleil affiliated show) it was incredible seeing how the set dynamically changed from dry to wet and even wetter!Just do yourself a favor and do not, i repeat Do NOT purchase tickets for the front rows. You'll eventually end up breaking your neck trying to see all the aerial performances! For me, the sweet spot for any Cirque Du Soleil show is middle and center. You're able to see everything comfortably from this vantage point and that IMO is priceless!With the combination of the inspiring live soundtrack, exotic sets and spectacular performances, i can guarantee you will have an unforgettable experience that you will treasure for years to come!Happy Times!
5	Such a great show!  After all of my trips to Vegas, I finally saw it this past August with my BF.  I got tickets online about a month before, and pick up at the hotel was quick and easy.Before we got in the theater, we took a picture via the ever-present Cashman Photographers in front of one of the Richard MacDonald sculptures and bought a drink.  I splurged and got really good seats (2nd row), and the view was perfect!  Before the curtains went up, I thought we'd be too close to the stage, but I was wrong!  Our tickets said "Splash Zone" but I think we only got sprayed (lightly) only once.  It wasn't like we were at Sea World or a Gallagher show!I loved every aspect of this show - the choreography, costumes, lighting, sets - everything was just so beautiful!  Even the ceiling is gorgeous!!OK, so after the show they have the photographers with their pictures for purchase, but it's not like the other shows and attractions with their flimsy frames and all.  The picture is in a really nice blue fabric frame thing that's lightly padded (very Bellagio, and very pricey!).  We were shown a few of our poses and we didn't notice it at the time, but we took the pictures in front of a sculpture of a nakedish man's crotch!!  We still bought it though!This is a great show for anyone to see, but I still think La Nouba at the Walt Disney World Resort is the best for the entire family!
5	Great show. Divers who are far too good to stoop down to the Olympic level work here. Amazing water effects. Freaky acrobats. A really good time. You will get a bit wet if you are in the first couple of rows.
5	Definitely one of the coolest shows in Las Vegas. There are clowns, acrobats, high wire acts (everything that you think of when you think of a circus) except in a weird, cool format that allows your senses to be bombarded. If you are in the front few rows, it is a splash zone but unless you are right in the front, you should be fine. I would recommend O as something you will not see anywhere else. The combination of water and air acrobatics are very cool.
5	Superb! I was really entertained and surprised on each corner. Love it. You have to experience this. If you do, get center front seats. It's the only was to watch these types of shows.
5	I saw O this past July and it is my favorite Vegas Show.  Naturally, because O and La Reve are both water shows everyone compares the two.  I think both shows are excellent as I saw La Reve last year, but O was a much larger scale production and truly amazing!
4	I am reviewing all the Cirque Vegas shows, so I will add this paragraph comparing each one. I have seen each one twice, so I feel confident in my ranking. My ranking would be 1) Ka 2) Love 3) O 4) Mystere 5) Zumanity 6) Viva Elvis. Ka is the most technically complete, with a storyline, amazing stunts, creative images, stages rotating on axes, etc.  LOVE is the most fun and a very close second place.  O is the most beautiful. Zumanity is the sexiest, but stunts are just okay. And Viva Elvis could be sooo much better.  You can read my other reviews for more info...As for O, it is very beautiful, some great stunts. I can't explain why, but there are moments when I was bored. I would NEVER have expected to be bored. I actually thought O would be my favorite b/c I love water shows. But some parts of it dragged on a little. Ironically, I thought Ka would be my least favorite, and it turned out to be my favorite. Anyway, it's a great show overall. You should check it out.  Don't sit too close, or you'll strain your neck. And don't sit too far away or it won't be as impressive. I recommend somewhere in the middle.
4	As everyone pointed out, the choreography, costumes and set were all amazing, probably the best in Vegas. However, being a Cirque du Soleil show, I was expecting more stunts and scenes that blow me away. Unfortunately, that did not happen. I guess I have to see other Cirque du Soleil shows for that. Nevertheless, the O Show blends many theatrical aspects into one very unique, dazzling show.
5	This is the best show I have seen in Las vegas, I had a side view seat and wish I had spent more for the center area but still loved the show, it looked like the balcony seats were really far back the theater is huge,  one thing I did not like was there was so much going on at times it was hard to catch it all, but that means I just have to keep going back again every time I'm in vegas and that is my plan.
3	Pretty cool show.  The stage is a pool one minute, and the next minute it becomes just a stage!  Honestly, I found myself more impressed with the multifunctional stage and moving backdrops than the performers.  Sometimes I wasn't even paying attention to them.I was seated in row 1 which offered a very unique view/perspective.  However, I'm not sure that sitting so close is advisable.  If I were to see this show again I'd opt to be at least 4-5 rows back.  And yes...when they tell you that you'll get wet, we're talking mist in your face for about a minute (maybe less).All in all, I'm glad I saw O and have no regrets paying for the premium seat.  However, it wasn't a let's-see-that-again performance.  Time to move on to something else.  This is my second Cirque show in Vegas, and Love still tops!
5	This show was recommended to us as one of the best to see when in Vegas. We went and were not let down, it was excellent! I've heard it's the best of the Cirque shows, but I can't comment on that since this was the only one I saw. Either way, see this show!
4	Wow. This was amazing. A pool of water in the middle of the stage! High divers! Synchronized swimmers! Contorists! The only bad thing is that sometimes there would be too many things going on at once and you have no clue where to look.Other than that, go!
5	I never write reviews for Yelp, however I religiously read reviews.   I did a lot of research for Cirque shows in Vegas before deciding to see this one.  It was a girl's trip and we splurged and purchased amazing seats.  We were in row J seats 12 and 13. I literally believe they were the best seats in the house.  From the moment the show started with the drape coming up, until the end you are mesmerized.  Literally, jaw dropping entertainment.  The things these performers do are absolutely magical.  I was so impressed by the level of perfection that this show has.  There's nothing else like it in the world~
5	Best show of my life
5	This is THE Cirque show to see if you only have one to go to. It is the most memorable of the Cirque shows I have seen in Vegas. Don't worry about where you sit, every time I have seen it, I have sat somewhere else, and get to see something new each time.The athleticism of the performers shows and is awe inspiring!I can't wait to see the show again, sit somewhere new and see what I did not notice before.
5	Came here last Thursday night for the 10:00 PM showing. I was visiting Vegas for the first time with a friend, and she got us the tickets. We had great seats! Front row right hand side. O was like any other Cirque show, in that it is hard to give them anything but glowingly positive reviews. The show is an experience, and you are happy to be there.I have now been to 4 Cirque shows, and O stands out as the most visually stunning. The art design and set, trump any of the other shows I have seen, even if the acrobatics, and other acts are not as spectacular.The opening scene, and the whole experience, was stunning, and drew me in to a beautiful realm of intrigue and magic. I even got teary eyed. I really enjoyed going to this show, and consider it an experience that I am glad to have had.Definitely check out one of the most spectacular Cirque shows around.Any Cirque show you see becomes a magical and memorable experience.
4	Great show! The stage is wild! The music is okay... The visuals are nice, but it may not have a straight forward storyline. The clowns were a nice treat
5	My family and I saw it on December 27th and 28th 2012 at Bellagio. Let me just say, I would rather watch Cirque Du Soleil than any other show on stage! I am looking forward to watching other Cirque Du Soleil shows. So colorful, mesmerizing, the orchestra was very visible in the whole production which I love.BEST SHOW EVER.For a li'l something on "O" click here... http://lovechildmonster.blogspot.com/2012/01/happy-2012-everyone-its-been-weeks.html
5	This show was simply...BREATHTAKING.Words cannot express how magical it was. Without spoiling the show, I will try to describe the awesomeness of "O."Curtains opened like WHOOOSSSSHhhhhdid a little twirl, somehow disappeared into nowhereGiant pool on the stage,oh wait now it's gone! Woah it's a dry flat stage now!Performers are popping out of the water... where did they come from? Don't they need to breath?Ah stage fog. I love stage fog.Why is that guy on fire?Oh yeah I keep forgetting to look up. Performers are dropping in from the skies!JUST GO SEE IT!:)
5	No words can really describe how amazing this performance and all the performers/people involved truly are.  It is colorful, magically, and simply breathtaking.  From the stage production, to the make-up/costumes, to the story-line...every component of the production adds to its beauty. I could probably benefit from watching it again as well just because there are always many many things to look at on the stage and each detail is thought out and meaningful. The stage is an amazingly built space...with water and swimmers, fire, and diving.  So many amazing elements all wrapped up in to one show.  It is an immersive experience and truly beautiful.  Can't wait to see KA!
5	Man this show is awesome. There's no other way to describe it. If you're looking for shows to watch in Vegas, this is my recommendation. The engineering, make-ups, costumes and the choreography were fantastic and perfect in every way. The stage holds a 1.5 million gallon pool which is the centerpiece for the entire performance. Those immortals who performed out there were out of this world! I can't stress how much attention to details they put into this show. Simply a brilliant masterpiece in itself.Yes it is a bit pricey, probably the most I've ever paid for a show, but wow it is unlike anything you'll ever see.
3	We decided to see this show after watching Beatles Love the night before and this was way below our standards. The show was good don't get me wrong and the performers were great but it had no story line and the music was just not inviting. I actually started falling asleep! I def. would not see this again.
5	My favorite Cirque show! (it's a close race between this & Ka).As always ignore the reviews that decry the lack of "plot". These shows aren't supposed to have a traditional theatrical plot. O is simply... Beautiful. Surreal mixed with spectacular. All the "WOW!" moments that Cirque du Soleil does so well plus style and a healthy dose of playfulness. The music does a great job of transporting you to somewhere fascinating and clearly... different.To those who don't like the "clowns" in this and other Cirque shows. Your taste is your own, but remember a big part of these shows is transitions between massive set pieces. The clowns ease that transition. Would you rather just watch a bunch of stage hands running around? Almost all the seats are good. Don't get too close or there is a bit of neck craning at parts. The Good: The style. Like I said above, it's just beautiful. The graceful, playful, and surreal all mixed in, out, and under the water.The Bad: My experience has this being the hardest Vegas Cirque show too get tickets for. Especially on peak days. I've always pre-purchased.The Overwhelming: Trying to keep track of everything! There is so much happening all over the stage, you WILL miss something. Don't worry, you'll see the big things. Just look at this as a reason to go again!
5	Whenever someone tells me they're going to Las Vegas, I always recommend them to see O, if there is one show you see, it should be this one. As far as I know O never has discounts and is always sold out so book early, seating is $150 and that can range from up close to far back, so you may as well book early instead of waiting till you get to LV. The stories are interesting enough but the stunts literally make your heart drop.
3	I had attended "O" for the first time 8 years ago.  For some reason, I feel that the first time was better than this second time.  Perhaps my expectations were set too high after enjoying it so much the first time.  I think it was different than the first.The acrobatics and diving were still stellar, but the group choreography seemed off to me.  They weren't as in synch as I remember they were before.Unfortunately, I felt I did not get my money's worth with this Cirque performance.
5	Definitely an amazing show. Breath taking and enchanting. My absolute fave cirque production. From the water ballet to the divers...synchronized swimmers. All so amazing. The stage that turns into a pool.wow!!!! I recommend this to all..maybe not young kids who haven't grown up with the arts because it is one of the slower shows.   First time I saw it was 8 years ago and I just saw it for the third time. Absolutely amazing
5	I have never been to a Cirque du Soleil  show in Vegas and now I understand what the fuss is all about. My boyfriend took me here last week for a birthday surprise. I actually didn't even know we were going to Vegas even after we went through airport security.Long story short, one of my surprises was the Cirque de Soleil O show and WOW is all I can say. I am not sure if the show has always been water but I was truly impressed and amazed how the stage turned from water to a solid before my eyes without even noticing. The show itself was intriguing and strange. Definitely a must see when you are in Las Vegas!
5	The most AMAZING thing you will ever see! Seriously! I've seen a few Vegas shows before, Jubilee! and Frank Marino's Divas, to name a few, but Cirque du Soleil O is hands down the most spectacular thing I have ever seen! Acrobats, contortionists and clowns oh my! It is expensive, but worth every penny! If you have to see one show in Vegas, GO SEE THIS ONE! You will not be disappointed!
5	Amazing  athleticism and artistry with the most elaborate stage imaginable.  We sat in the golden circle seats, which are great, but  if you can find seats just behind this area or just to the side, you can save a few $$ ($25 per ticket).  Don't sit in the first few rows.
4	alas, not 5 stars the second time.  it's still great, but it's just not as good the second time.  i think one should only see this show once...and for the love, sit as close as you can to the stage, so you can look at all the incredible outfits.   you cannot be too close to the stage in this theater.  anyway, the performance was AMAZING...go if you haven't!
5	Spectacular show, very surreal. Only negative was having to wait 20 mins. in the Will Call line 5 hours before show time
4	This was my first show I've ever seen live.  I'm sure I'm not adding anything new.  The Co I worked with told us it was sold out. And the good news was they bought a Block of 300+ tickets in center upper orchestra.  As a reward for the annual meeting.  Talented acts from water to fire with all the wonderment of being a kid and entertained in both sights and sounds in person. Fully worth the hard work and effort. Thanks CDS & Bellagio.
5	Stunning! This show sets the bar really high. Don't miss this show.
2	Did anyone else see the 1-800 number on the sign during the performance? 2/3 of the way through...one of the characters carried a sign across the furthest point back on the stage. The sign read 1-800-724-HOTT (or something similar). Really? I just paid $250 for tickets and spotted a very subtle ad for a sex hotline in the middle of the show. I don't know, I was shocked, but I certainly wasn't the only one who saw it. It just seems sickening to think of how much tickets cost, and yet the company is still seeking out ad revenue.And just as reference, the sign was the exact same size, style and print as the "Applaud" sign that shows up near the end of the show. And carried by the same character, only on the front part of the stage, not the back.Otherwise, the performance was spectacular. The "limited view" seating does save you a good chunk of money. I chose this option. The seats we sat in were just barely, BARELY blocked by a hand railing. You can see the view from the seat on the Bellagio website, but I guarantee you will be happy having saved the money, still sitting closer to the front, and seeing a bit of guard rail on the stage. It's worth the savings by far.
5	On my big balling Vegas trip with my best friend's dad and grandma, he definitely surprised us with super close and expensive tickets for the show. We were probably the third row or some spot really close. I love that this theater is located inside the Bellagio. The show itself is probably one of the best Cirque du Soleil acts ever created. The multimillion dollar theater is designed to truly highlight the performers' talents. From the aerial acrobats to the shift water stage, every aspect of the show leaves you amazed. Some of the dopest scenes definitely involve the water stunts. I definitely recommend this show to anyone who asks what shows to watch in Vegas, because it truly is a spectacular and breathtaking performance.
5	This was the first show I had ever seen... picking one show to watch from the many in Vegas was pretty difficult on its own... but paying for the tickets after finding out how much they were... was much more difficult. lol. At the end, I was very very happy with everything... the price was justified. A few things to note:- It is much easier to get the seat you want if you call Bellagio. (there is a service charge but you are already spending $$$, whats another $ for better seats?)- I'd recommend sitting at the second tier. You can see everything very clearly and can enjoy the orchestra + singers who appear live on the windows to the left and right- As mentioned above... there is a live orchestra + singers hidden behind windows on the left and right. Pretty amazing because I only noticed it half way through the show!- There are no restrooms inside of the theater... so "go" before you get in line.- The line forms before the show starts so you should try to go 30 min in advance. Or you can rush in right before the show starts and miss the pre-show comedy act entertainment.
3	My first Cirque show in Vegas and it hurts me to give this a 3 star review but unfortunately, it didn't take my breath away.  Yes, the performances were amazing but the show overall just felt like it dragged as time went by and in many instances, lost my attention.  There was just too much going on at one time that it just made it a little difficult for me to keep up with the storyline.  Come to think of it... was there even one?  Anyhow, the costumes and the stage it self was gorgeous.  The performers... such talent.  I guess I had such high expectations for this show that I was a bit disappointed when it didn't fully captivate me.  Thought I got a deal when I saved 20% on tickets booking the 10pm show, but it turned out to be the most expensive nap I paid for when I turned over to see the husband falling asleep 10 minutes into the show.
5	absolutely mind blowing piece of art work that is so amazing words cannot describe! i want some of the drugs the creators take bc wow!!!!! thats some good shit! inspired me to catch all the cirque du soleil shows i can in the future!!!
5	Water and Acrobatics? Whoever thought of that is a genius! FYI I've watched Ka, Mystere and Love in Vegas. This one is one of my favorite. Stage was amazing! At some point it amazed me how the stage can transform... 'Where did the water go?!' It's like magic. Costumes were beautiful and didnt disappoint. The show isn't was literally beautiful. Sometimes there may be too much going on and some of the acts were kind of repetitive, but I find it overall very enjoyable. We sat on the balcony row AA section 303 and paid around $100 per person including the tax and fees. It was 20% off on their main box office site (bellagio). It was nice that we can see everything at the sametime without having to turn my head much, but i do wish i was on the bottom level closer to stage to make out more of the details.Overall this is an unique show and a must watch!
5	Best Cirque show I've seen, ever.  I love the Cirque shows and have seen several, this one can't travel due to the elaborate set so I strongly recommend seeing it if you're in town.  The music was awesome too.Sat in the 200 level and saw very well but it would have been perfect to middle of 100 section at lower level.  Don't sit too close or you'll be looking up and all around to take it all in.  Leaving the show after it ends is pretty slow so don't expect to get out of the theater until ~20 minutes after the show.I thought some parts were pretty scary for kids under 7-8.  Just the costumes etc.
5	One great show. We absolutely loved it. Although we went to the late show and we were extremely tired we thought the show kept out attention and didn't at all feel boring or long. The only thing I think that needs work is the seating. They seating is so close you can barely wear a coat or have a purse in your lap. Shoulder to shoulder.
5	O man.....what an extraordinary show. Mesmerizing....how does that guy stay on fire that long. The colors popped, excitement palpable. I also enjoyed the live band and vocals.............I was lucky enough to get "limited view" seating in 200 section row P at a considerable discount. There was a thin safety railing that was in my peripheral view to the far right of the stage. I was however, lucky enough to have the only 2 empty seats in the theater next to me, so I was able to move over to an unobstructed view. The next day on my sold out flight home from Vegas, guess what, the middle seat in my row was free......
3	Im only giving this a 3 stars because I liked my seat... as for the show, it is jus a lil weird for me... the ppl on the show are very talented with wat they do and how flexible they are but there was like no talking or singin and i got bored with it.
3	I finally got to Vegas and went to see Cirque and I was disappointed. The stage and the orchestra are the stars of the show. The acrobats were certainly talented, but I couldn't get into the show. Some of the skits were very odd and the show didn't flow well. I'm sorry we spent $250. I recommend seeing Phantom.
4	O was the second Cirque show that I have seen. Mystere was the first. Although O is the more elaborate production, I still prefer Mystere. Can't really say why, sorry. O really is a spectacular show. The staging is very complex. One second someone is walking in a couple of inches of water, and all of a sudden someone dives into the same spot and it's a deep pool. I guess you can say they really mess with your mind. I recommend getting a couple of drinks into you in order to take full advantage of the insane staging of this show.  As far as the "good for kids", I checked off not sure. Everyone knows their own kids, so you need to determine their maturity level. This show is more adult than Mystere or Love, so if you have kids along and are not sure, you might want to go for one of those. (you can read my reviews on both).
5	Very good show. a must see show .
5	so far..this is one of my favs..it's a water theme..and it was my first show..the best show ever..i think i might of sat a bit too close..so if you want, sit a few rows back..maybe like M or even P..center of course..it's very blueish..and the performance just stunning..you can tell most were asians..lol..chinese in particular..what can i say..we work hard!i def recommend this as the last show to see..bc no other show will be comparable to this one..word of advise on price..get them wen its on sale on travelzoo or wen they have promos on certain dates..
5	Fantastic, awe-inspiring, fascinating, truly amazing piece of art.  I've been twice and would highly recommend seeing this show at least once!  The stage in such a trip, I still cannot figure out how they do it.  Water, no water, people, no people, where does it all go so quickly????  Go see this show if you can, you won't be sorry!
5	My obsession with Cirque Du Soleil performances began years ago when I visited Vegas with my family during Christmas time. Ads for "O" were everywhere and I begged my family to see it. After lots of begging they decided to buy tickets but when we got to the ticket office we found out that all the shows that week were sold out. Bummed out, I made it my goal to return and watch it again.Fast forward to present day I finally made it back to Vegas with enough time to watch a cirque performance. Bought my tickets three weeks ahead of time through the concierge at the Bellagio. They have a number of seats reserved for hotel guests but the tickets were really pricey so I settled for the least expensive tickets which were still $100+ and in the balcony.All I can say is WOW. I loved the show. The acrobats were amazing (okay so one person fell during one of the acts thank goodness she fell in water but I applaud her she was about 2 inches away from making it). The stage is unbeatable. I've watched Iris in LA and although it is in a beautiful theater the stage cannot compare to the magnitude of O's stage. The stage goes from a deep pool, to shallow water, to completely dry in a matter of seconds. The scenes were dark and eery with a bit of humor intertwined. I didn't care much for the clown acts, but I'm just not a clown person.Even from my seat towards the back I could see a lot. I enjoyed it because I could see the formations from an aerial view. However in the future I'll probably try seeing it from a closer seat so I can appreciate the details like the costumes/makeup.I think the price is justified. Once you see the extravagance of the show you'll understand why they charge you more than other Cirque shows!
4	+++++++++++++++++++++SPOILER ALERT++++++++++++++++++++++++If you know you are going to visit Vegas and you know a few months in advance, get your tickets asap.  I went through Bellagio website and got great ticks in first row, almost center.  The website will tell you if you are getting "splash" tickets.  We only got sprayed with some mist, but we did almost get hit with a oversize inner-tube getting tossed overboard, lol.  We thought we'd have a souvenir, but one of the nice theater ushers came by and took it away.  The clowns:  They start the show about 5 mins before the "show".  Overall I didn't think any of their skits were too funny, except when they "tried" to get a lady in the audience to come up on stage.  The smaller clown was pretty funny getting up on the seat arms trying to drag her up onstage.  Their skits didn't provide as much of a comedy relief as they provided a welcome break from the audio and visual onslaught between the primary acts.  As usual my main complaint is that there is way, way, way too much going on onstage during the acts.  You don't know where to look, b/c you are sure to miss something!  I do get tired too of the obligatory contortionist act, their antics just make me cringe with sympathetic pain, tho I am sure they probably aren't in any themselves.  I'm also getting weary of the obligatory going-into-the-audience-to-get-an-unsupecting-patron to come up on stage and get into the act, and said "unsuspecting patron" also pretending to be afraid of climbing the long rope ladder to the diving platform, when of course he is a world class diver and is actually part of the show.    I will say that this show interacts more with the audience than other Cirque shows I've been to.  It seems in one act that all the performers are running up or down the audience stairs, and if you are in the right place you may get screamed at by a wedding dress clad lovely, or sprayed with water by the clowns, or one of them may just get up on your seat arms to try to drag you on stage, or you may get winged by a wet inner tube.  This show has a little bit of everything, including water in all it's forms (mist, rain, lake, ocean, swamp) and it's counterpart, fire.  As with almost all Cirque shows I've seen there is usually one or two things that don't make sense and I could have done without.  I don't get the wedding dresses, and the scuba divers didn't contribute to the show at all (they show up, they disappear, that's it), if it doesn't move it forward, I say it shouldn't be in it, but that's just MHO.  Ditto the "native" dancer, and ditto the red-coated guys running back and forth over the stage.  Oddly enough the signs did make sense to me in a way, what "world" doesn't have it's version of late night TV shows interrupted by sex call numbers, and the "applause" sign was more of a nod to nostalgia TV when audiences needed to be prompted; these got at least a chuckle from me.  Overall this show is beautiful and magical, just the mechanics of the stage floor itself is amazing.  If you are a connoisseur of the body beautiful you will get eye candy overload during all the acts.  Do go.  This show should be on everyone's bucket list (things to do during life before you kick the bucket)!  As for being good for kids, I'm not sure about that.  I wouldn't take my 4yo neice or my 8 yo nephew, but for 12 and up it might be good.
3	I was a little disappointed with our O experience.  We spent a lot of money buying 8 front row seats and walked out a little less than thrilled.  The show opened with the usual cirque characters teasing the audience.  It included a huge water pour from the ceiling and completely soaked my brother and his fiance.  They were wet an cold for the entire show and weren't offered a towel.I'm used to the death defying acts of cirque shows but this seemed more like glorified synchronized swimming.  Yes, the theater, costumes, and music were beautiful and some of the acrobatics were truly impressive, but it wasn't as great as I thought it would be.  I've been more impressed with other cirque shows.I also didn't understand the story.  Was there a story?  There were certain main characters, but I wasn't sure how it all tied together.
3	I have seen several Cirque du Soleil Shows (Quidam, Varekai, Dralion, Alegria, Zumanity, Ka, Iris, Mystere).  That weekend, it was basically between O and Le Reve.  Being that we love Cirque shows and reading all the reviews we decided to see O.  O was playing at the Bellagio.  The box office was friendly and helpful.  The tickets were expensive.  When we arrived at the theater, there were a lot of people waiting outside the front doors.  When they opened the doors, there was a long lobby with art sculptures based on the show.  The theater is large.  We were fortunate to sit near the front so we had a good view.  Can't say there is a bad seat in the house, except for maybe the extreme sides and maybe the front couple of rows (where you may get wet).  Production value is huge.  There is a pool that appears and disappears as needed.  It is very theatrical.  It is artistic and had beautiful costumes.  However, my husband and I were disappointed with the show.   It wasn't as good as everyone made it out to be.  The comedy was lacking (boring).  The performances were not as exciting as other Cirque shows that we have seen.  It dragged at times.  We thought it could have been better. If you like Cirque, go ahead and see the show, but there are better Cirque shows out there.
5	Still absolutely adore this show.  Recently took a party of 10 and everyone was thrilled with it.  I first saw this show as a 10 year old.  To me at the time, the experience made Vegas a pure and marvelous place.  And turned me into a longtime Cirque fanatic.  Parents, take your children.I recommend sitting in the orchestra.  We sat in an upper tier this time around and having seen the show multiple times before, I noticed when the stage changed from liquid to solid.  Sitting in the orchestra puts you eye level with the stage instead and really adds some magic to the overall performance.
1	O is the 3rd Cirque show I've seen and it was the worst. Extremely overpriced to watch people swim and dive. There was no clear story line and the performers who did acrobats, fire dancing, etc. were okay, but nothing to write home about.Save the money and see a different show, perhaps Zumanity. I highly recommend KA if it is your first Cirque experience. Three words sum it up: Overpriced and underwhelming.
5	3 words for this magnificent show - amazing , unique , beautiful, this show is worth every penny with out a doubt , a superb cast with amazing acrobatics this show will take you in to a dream, my favorite from all the cirque show with out a doubt . i do recommend pay for the seat with the hefty price  since you will get a better view of the things happening in the water . will love to see it again
5	One word: AMAZING!Go and see it, the price of the ticket worse the show!Noting less, nothing more!
5	Staff was friendly. The show is amazing!! A must GO !!! Would go AGAIN!!
5	I've never gone to a Cirque show before and I am so glad that I finally had the chance to see O. It will BLOW YOU AWAY with its brilliance and masterful performances.It's at the Bellagio, and I don't even know how to begin to describe the stage. Whoever designed that stage and built it--they have my utmost respect. GENIUSES. And the performers! The strength that they have in their bodies... and the way they have such perfect control over them... utterly amazing.There really isn't any "story" in O, but it's a visual masterpiece that you will not regret watching. And if you're a little tight on your budget, the 10pm showing offers discounted seats (not for aisle though, which are always more expensive). Definitely a must see.And obviously ditto to everything in Misti Y.'s review :)
5	Stunning! I've seen several Cirque du Soleil tour shows in other cities and have always been in awe of their performances. I'd heard so many good things about O for years, and was peeing my pants to watch it while I was in Vegas. Our group got us 2nd row seats. Two words: Blown away! I loved the water acrobatics. The visual stimulation of the show was nonstop and overwhelming. Everywhere you looked, the performers were pushing the boundaries of human physical ability. They make the improbable look easy and beautiful.
4	Amazing. Was not bored for one second. Only negative point: there isn't really any storyline. Was in the first row and got splashed a few time (just a little).
4	I saw Cirque Du Soleil - Ovo (for $80 each!) in Santa Monica California back in February and couldn't wait to see "O".  We paid double the price that we had paid for "Ovo" to see "O". We paid $164 each so expected it to be mind blowing. We had third row seats - a PERFECT view of the stage. They had some awesome stunts and it was amazing how the stage constantly changed from liquid to solid. I loved the fact that it was mainly in the water too. Too much acting that wasn't funny though. I paid $160 to see acrobats, contortionists, divers, etc. Not to see clowns prancing around trying to make the audience laugh. In "Ovo" there was so many moments that my mouth was dropped to the floor in amazement. There were only a few in "O". I was so surprised. And the show is only an hour and a half long. "Ovo" was 2 hours and I paid half the price for it. It was just disappointing because I fell in love with Cirque du Soleil after seeing "Ovo" and "O" was not what I thought it would be. Still amazing and entertaining but I thought it would be so much more.Theater is BEAUTIFUL. Entrance is BEAUTIFUL with tons of amazing art sculptures. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm gonna try "Ka."
5	My favorite Cirque by far!  We sat  2nd row, right orchestra and we had an amazing view!  They were 'wet' seats, but we really didn't get wet at all.  You can feel a mist, but it wasn't severe.  Just don't make eye contact with the clowns, otherwise you may end up getting wet after all. :)  This is a larger theatre, so closer is definitely better.  Well worth every penny! If you appreciate Cirque, you will love this!
2	I watched the "O" show a few years ago and absolutely loved it. It was my first time watching a Cirque Du Soleil and what a spectacular show. It's truly one of the top shows in Vegas and I always recommended people to see it. Last Saturday my family had a mini vacation in Vegas and a few relatives wanted to watch a show. My best friend and I immediately recommended the "O" show. We believe everyone should see it once. The show was almost sold out, so we broke up in a group of 6 and 4. We got the upstairs seats, fourth rolls from the back. We paid $137 each ticket. It was too far for the price. As for the show, I don't know how to begin. It was boring and many acts were repetitive (swings back and forth). What happen to the former performers? I know they revised the show/story once a couple years, but it was lousy. The comedy was stupid.A few of us fell asleep and my cousin left the theater. There's absolutely no excitement. The best parts of the shows were the people jumping in the water and the stage itself. We were all disappointed. I felt bad for recommending this show. We should have seen Mystere or Ka or even Le Reve, which I've also seen a couple of times. Sorry but O can't hold up to its standard or being one of the best shows in Vegas anymore! I will not watch or recommend it again. :(
5	DAMN. this show is GREAT.yes, the tickets are expensive, but well worth the price.everything is spectacular about the show. i think every seat in the theater is a good seat.acrobatics and stunning visuals complete this show.
3	I've seen and liked two other Cirque shows--Mystere and Totem--and I was really looking forward to O. However, the show was underwhelming. I suspect that the show has changed over time and has gone downhill. If you are in Vegas and haven't seen any Cirque shows before, go see Mystere instead, it's a better show for much less money (at least when I was there a few years ago).The breakdown:The Online Ticket Interface: This thing sucks. It won't really tell you what seats are available, it only gives you what it thinks are the best available seats in the price level you set. The available seats it selects for you changes all the time, sometimes better seats, sometimes worse seats. Cost:  Pricey. Even with the 20% internet discount, the show was still $146 (w/taxes and fees) per "A" level seat. The bulk of the seats are "A" level ($155 before taxes and fees, $180 after t&f), with the cheaper seats ($109 and $130) only available on the uppermost balcony and the fringes of the theater. There are also Golden Circle ($180) and limited view seats ($98.50).Seats: We were in Section 104, Row M, Seats 15-16, which is on the right side of the lower level. These seats were good.  I would avoid the "splash zone" seats--not so much because you'll get that wet--but because they looked way too close to get a good view.The Stage: The moving stage is impressive--a nifty piece of engineering. It fills with water or drains rapidly. But, this probably shouldn't be the thing I remember most about the show, and it is.The Performance: "O" has a lot of choreography and spectacle, but lacks in substance. Some of the acts were repetitive, and I must admit I was actually yawning a lot near the end. The show did not have as many acrobatic set pieces as I expected.Some of the performances were really lost in a mess of unnecessary choreography. People were just running back and forth, or someone would lower from the sky and do nothing and then go back up. And, there were definitely SLOW parts. The synchronized swimmers were boring. The divers, fire dancers, and some of the acrobats were okay. The show definitely lacked the "holy crap" moments.Overall, the show is probably worth a 3-star rating for having a few good acts and an impressive stage.
3	I absolutely LOVE Cirque shows, having seen a couple before (Ovo & Zumanity), so I was really excited when my boyfriend was offered comp tickets for his birthday in Las Vegas. Our seats were perfect, right in the middle about 6 rows up from the stage. I was extremely impressed with the set, as it was beautiful, and the water acts were gorgeous. Unfortunately, I was slightly underwhelmed. I don't know if it was just me, but I found the comedy to be lacking...the clown humour wasn't funny and I actually found it to be pretty boring. I was expecting to see more "AMAZING" acrobatics, but aside from the beautiful diving (that takes talent) and a couple other acts (fire dancers, jumpers) I was really unimpressed. I didn't understand the story they were trying to tell, and some of the scenes were downright confusing. What was with the guy holding the 1-800 sign? Not to mention, I felt creeped out by it, like it was a weird acid trip. Those guys in the red coats are what nightmares are made out of. I love Cirque du Soleil and "O" was a nice way to spend an evening, but overall I'm glad we didn't pay for the tickets. We found ourselves yawning towards the end and unfortunately, we were glad when it ended. Next time, I will see Ka or Mystere!
5	OOOOOOMG!!..(OOook bad joke)..but this show was CRAZY!!!...Definitely the best show I've seen in ages. Not sure if this is weird, but now the first thing I think about when I think about Vegas is this show...Highly recommend when ever you're in Vegas.
5	Duh! I have to give this show 5 stars because my awesome cousin is one of the performers! Connections ROCK!
2	I was very highly recommended to see this show by many people.  While in Vegas I saw KA and O.  I really loved Ka, but I have to say I was very disappointed by O.  The diving and choreography were awesome and beautiful, but as a show, I found it to be confusing, disjointed, strange, and kind of... underwhelming.  For the money I was severely disappointed.  I will have to see other shows to see what else is out there, but I definitely prefered Ka to O.
5	I am in LOVE with Cirque du Soleil after watching O while in Vegas. It was wonderful & truly amazing. Worth every $
3	Comparatively, Le Reve was much more entertaining and awe inspiring water acrobatics show than O with better seating arrangement and a more cohesive story line.
5	Watching O was like a Dali or Kush painting come to life.Surreal show with enough action to keep an ADD person entertained without interruption.There is no story line, let your imagination make one up for you. O definitely is different and not for everyone. There is no real story sequence like other Cirque shows I have seen (Corteo and Kooza). Yet I was totally entertained and mentally stimulated with what was in front of me.
1	Waste of money!!!! (*spoilers*)I went recently on the weekend of July 4th with five other friends of mine, four of which fell asleep or dozed off.  The show starts off on a high note but goes downhill from there.  The show consists of a moving stage that was inside a pool, which was probably the only interesting part of the show.  Sadly the pool limited a lot of the feats that Cirque du Soleil is proudly known for.  The only thing they did in this show was synchronized swimming, dives, and more dives (then a few higher dives).  If I wanted to see dives, I would turn on ESPN and watch the Olympic professionals.The story it self was very unclear and poorly told,  It supposedly a man who gets pulled into a fantasy world and sees all sorts of fanastical dancers, an animal master with a whip, a fan dancer (who was a large black male wearing the most revealing clothes I have ever seen a man wear and was personally scarring to me. Also, if I had a kid, I am sure my kid would have started to cry),  all sorts of women who is he trying to chase/get with, and all other things.  Sadly all that they get across every scene is just a bunch of people doing mediocre acrobatic tricks that I have seen over and over in Las Vegas.  And those other shows were better than "O" and also a s*&t ton cheaper than "O"I personally do not understand how this show has an average of 4.5/5 stars because if I had the option for 0 stars I would put it down in a heart beat. Not only were the tricks and acrobatic performances lack luster compared to other Cirque du Soleil shows, but the comic relief in between the physical feats was as bad as they get.  For one of the transitions, the two clowns stranded on a roof of a house came down to the audience and began dancing with 2 audience members in a slow dance.  This was neither funny or impressive,  this part of the show took about 15 minutes but felt like an eternity of wasted time.  In another part of the show, one of the performers grabs an audience member (who is part of the act) and forces him to climb the highest ladder in the show to perform a high dive.  This sad actor pretends to be out of shape and take about a year to climb this ladder, and also trembles the entire way.  It was very obvious from the get go that the audience member was a performer, it was plain to see for all of my friends and the people behind us.  Anyway, he ends of falling off the diving board and performing a fantastic fail of a dive.  only to climb out of the pool and rip off his shirt to show that he is a performer. My biggest problem with this part is, why did they waste 10-15 minutes of the show to have a "mole" climb the ladder and simple fall down and not perform a spectacular dive.  I was about to start booing at this part of the show.This was the biggest waste of $150 I had ever spent in Las Vegas.  I would recommend gambling away your money, eating a fancy meal, or giving $150 to a hobo as a better way to spend your money and time than to watch "O"After all was watched and thought about,  I would give this show "O" what it truly deserves, a big fat, ZERO.worst show ever
2	I've seen many Cirque du Soleil.  According to many individuals, O is considered one of the best.  However, I would like to disagree.  I expected a lot more from O considering that the cost compared to other cirque du soleil shows.  Don't get me wrong.  I was impressed by some of the acts, but what I was most impressed was the stage (how it transitions seamlessly from water to stage and vice-versa).  The show can be slow at times (the intermission with the clowns is quite boring).  I didn't buy my tickets in advanced, so I had to buy tickets with "limited" view.  My advice is DON'T.  You're not saving much money if any, and the view is terrible especially when the lights on stage shined right at you (upper session).   Not only can you not see the acts but you're blinded by the lights.  They should have designed the seating better.  I went to see "Le Reve", which is a similar show, and every seats is a great seat.  I actually believe that Le Reve is a better show than O.
5	O was amazing, I was shocked when I saw a rating with one star, we got seats like on the 3rd row in the middle and we even got a couple drops of water on us, the whole entire time my mouth was wide open in disbelief, it was my first cirque show and it was just so good! The whole time i was just like omg, how are they doing this? It was fantastic, I would see it again and again.
5	Bravo this truly was the best cirque du soleil I have seen in Vegas and yes I did go to the others tickets pricey but a must see performance was very magical don't go cheap get tickets ahead of time and make sure there in the first 8 rows
3	The show was elegant and some of the the tricks were amazing, but I determined about 45 min into the show that I must not be a Cirque kinda guy. The show got repetitive extremely fast for me, and I still don't know what the deal was with the clowns. If your are into Cirque and want a water show this is the one, but for me Zumanity was 10x better.
4	I was too young to appreciate this.  But now thinking back I know it was a great show and the whole ambiance is amazing.  I would go again just to experience the magic again!
5	We sat front row and that was pretty awesome to be that close.  I found a deal online, so we didn't pay a crazy amount for such great seats.  The show was really cool and really interesting.  I am not entirely sure what I saw but I loved the dives in the water and the way the stage raises and lowers is pretty awesome.  I think it is a must see.
2	I wish I could've discovered Yelp 10 years ago and wrote how much I enjoyed watching "O" and how it had become my most favorite Cirque show of all time. And then write an update on how disappointed I am 10 years later. Don't get me wrong, if you haven't watched a Cirque show, I'd still recommend it. Definitely a very awe-spiring show to incorporate water into their acts, but personally. this is not one of my favorite Cirque productions. Ten years ago, I was 15, sitting smack in the middle only few rows from the stage. It was seriously the best seats I've ever gotten in a Cirque show, which already had set the tone as 'this will be my favorite'. Just a few months ago I came to Vegas with a friend who has never seen a Cirque production, so I was ecstatic on bringing him to see 'the best Cirque show in Vegas'. This time, it was so hard to stay awake, and it's not because I was drinking and partying all day (well..). Anyway the way I see it, it's like Swan Lake on actual water with some cool circus tricks. Everything just seemed really slow and boring. I don't think it portrays Cirque's unique talents, special effects, and overall production to its' highest potential. If this show existed by itself, I would applaude them for everything they have accomplished creating this show. I still do think they deserve a lot of credit because none of it is easy. I just know that there are a lot of other Cirque productions that have seriously left me (O.O) walking out of the theatre, that I can't praise this one with such a high review. I would highly recommend this show to an older crowd looking for a romantic, elegant evening. That's how they portray this show as anyway, right? If you're looking for something for the kids, or with more energy and excitement, I say look into Ka or Mystere.
4	We sat on the front row, section 104 seats 1/2 on a Friday 7:30 show. We didn't get wet at all, but a few drops. I made an effort to avoid wearing silk, but I would have been just fine. It was a phenomenal experience! I could see everything just fine, and no neck strain noticed. I was even invited to the edge of the stage and presented a flower by the main male character. Our friends sat in 204, and they mentioned they could see the scuba Divers in the water, but we could not. If that is interesting to you, you may not want to sit in the front.... But i loved being almost IN the action and drama of the Show. Wasn't able to adequately follow the story, and that would have made it a 5star experience for me. This was my first CdS show, and I look forward to seeing more in the future.
4	This show can go either way for whoever watches it. That being said I enjoyed the show very very much. But as others have stated. It does get a bit repetitive. And the clown skits were quite pointless. Oh and the whole bringing in people from the audience to star in the show is stupid. It's obvious they're part of the show. So why bullshit. On the other hand. The entire concept of the stage turning into water within seconds blew my mind. The acrobatics were phenomenal. And while there really wasn't much of a story line. It was still a cool show to watch. Tickets can be pricey, even with a discount. But it's worth at least watching once.
5	I absolutely love The O Show. I heard great reviews about it for years but was never actually able to catch a show due to the limited time spent in Vegas (2-3 nights max).  This time I was determined to see this show. We got VIP seats, 4th row. Amazing spot. The show is brilliant. It starts out with clown comedy then boom action packed, comedy filled, thrilling, riveting, water splashing amazement. I highly recommend this show. The water and rain portion of the show was my favorite.
5	Great!  It's been over 2 years& it it is stil wonderful!.  Cirirque du soleil O is so good.  I get carried away.  Everyone is amazing!
5	This is my favorite Cirque show in Las Vegas.  I saw it twice with two very special people in my life.  The first time I saw this was almost 4 years ago with my best friend.  I remember being in awe the entire show.  The moment it ended I had already wanted to see it again.Fast forward to this past weekend.  I am once again seated in the O audience totally captivated by each act.  This time I am with my boyfriend.  Still, my favorite part is the opening scene where the large red drape opens up to reveal the stage made up of water.  It takes my breath away EVERY. SINGLE. TIME.  It almost hypnotizes me.  The dancers/swimmers are as strong as I can remember.  I still love it.
5	I loved this show! The music was top notch and they have a live singer and band playing behind a tinted studio room near the stage but that is not supposed to be noticeable. I could take a peak at the lady singing and dancing. Her voice sounds amazing and flawless. I think she was singing in French. My mouth was really shaped like an "O" during the entire show when the actors and actresses did their tricks. The tickets for the show is really pricey but I recommend you to invest in getting good seats bc it's worth the first time experience. The costumes and makeup looks amazing and seeing it up close is worth paying the price.
1	I went to see O and Mystere during the same week in Aug 2012 and I have to say that O is severely overrated and overpriced.  I enjoyed Mystere so much more.   I also seen Le Reve twice and I prefer Le Reve to O. I had Mlife VIP seating smack in the middle, but 10 minutes into the show two couples came in late and the usher told us to move to the aisle so that the two couples could sit next to each other.  I could not believe they had us move to the aisle.The couple didn't understand why I was so mad.  1) They took my seat.  2) They interrupted the show by coming in late  3)  they just stood there blocking the view.  The interruption didn't help, but I thought the show was quite boring.The set was beautiful. Synchronized swimming was boring. Clowns were not very funny. Diving was good. I just do not remember anything about this show that stood out.
5	great show! one of the best in vegas :)
4	Awesometastically fantabulous! Need I say more? I probably should.Thanks to my galpal who was given complimentary tickets up at row M (this is a shoutout to you Sammy!), we were able to enjoy a mind-blowingly spectacular array of ordered chaos. Excuse the paradox. That's exactly how I felt when watching it. There was so much going on, but everything fit right in perfectly. Better than La Reve, in my opinion, quite simply because the music was also done live. You could see the musicians on the side balconies and occasionally the singers would appear on stage. Not a note went wrong, not a leap and landing missed. If there was one thing I regretted from that night was the fact that we arrived at the theatre late. When we got there, 20 minutes into the show, we felt like we've already missed a lot and especially after reading what yelpers had to say about the grand opening, I wish we got there on time. Nonetheless, my galpals and I had a blast. One particular part of the show that intrigued me was the high ceiling dive into a such narrow pool. I could only imagine how many times the cast had to rehearse to perfect that part alone. The theatre was grand beyond words and after the show, people are welcome to check out the acrobatic statues as well as the gift shop. My 4th Cirque Show and they still surprised me with something unique and different.
5	I really wish I could leave a great, long review, but I can't. Sadly I don't know if it was the stomach flu or severe dehydration but I wasn't feeling good for most of the show and fainted at one point. I didn't get to see it all, but from what I did see...it was brilliant! We bought the CD, because the music and live singing was marvelous. It was a breathtaking show! Just wish I witnessed it all instead of passing out :(Definitely recommend this show to everyone! MUST SEE!
5	Spectacular!!! the stunts, the comedy, the setup, the music. It just one thing after the other. Very exciting and worth every penny.
5	Cirque du Soleil's O is located in its home theater at the Bellagio Hotel. This is Cirque's water show, with diving, gymnastics, acrobatics and dancing. It has their signature comedy act and the bald headed strong man, as well. The amazing feats these athletes are capable of, yet displaying grace and beauty makes it all quite impressive. A bit costly, but well worth it.
5	Breathtaking, astounding, beautiful, and inspirational are just a few words I would use to describe this show. The exquisite costumes, acrobatics, and sets will astound you as the production experiments with water and balance like no other! Every seat is a great seat and every scene will hold you captive. While the story line is a bit unclear, I loved every bit of this show. It was actually the first CdS show that I saw in Vegas. This is a brilliant show that will feed your soul. See it! Love it! Believe!
4	Purchased tickets online before our trip. Picked up at box office. Next time I will spend the extra money and sit at the lower level. We sat in the balcony and missed some of the things in the beginning. A couple of the characters came out and went through the audience but we couldn't see.Overall the show was good.
3	I thought O was very well produced, but not one of the best Cirque du Soleil that I've seen (I've seen about 5+ by now). It was much better than KA for sure.We sat in the 2nd row (I'd recommend sitting row 5-10). The water effects are amazing and the dancing is very well choreographed. However, I didn't understand the overall theme of the show. Acrobats were a bit lacking in comparison to other Cirques. It's definitely worth seeing, but I would not put this as #1.
5	Just saw "O" and I must say, "Omazing! This show is spectacular and one of the best LV shows I have seen. It has comedy, it has drama, feats of strength and WATER! Get there early, the clowns start the show, with some wet humor. And you are definitely going to want to see the red curtain open!The conductor/host takes you on a journey that only a Cirque show can pull off!Synchro swimming, acrobats, trapeze, high diving, the clowns comic relief, fire dancers, man on fire, your typical CdS show but on a much grander scale.The stage is amazing. It changes from a giant pool of water, into a solid stage, then back again!The music is beautiful, and live (look left, look right, look left again), complimenting the awe inspiring visuals being presented. The pace is perfect, to both capture your attention and leave you breathless (and wanting more!).If you want to be entertained, amazed and leave feeling better than when you arrived, "O" is the show for you, just add water!
5	I was ready to write off Cirque du Soleil after seeing Love and MJ: The Experience, but it wouldn't be fair until I give the supposed best Cirque show a try. FAN-FREAKIN-TASTIC. I was mesmerized, engaged, and leaning forward the entire time! The performers pulled you in, and it looked like they had so much fun. There isn't a dark emo, depressing story to distract you like Love. Everybody's having a good time, and all the athleticism is amazing - below and above water. Yea these tickets were a little expensive compared to other shows, but it was worth every penny!
5	Definitely worth watching. The girlfriend took me to see this and I was very pleased. The transitioning from land to water was amazing. Don't waste your time on NY cirque du soleil shows...stick with vegas... WOW
5	Seen 10 shows to date and this show is truely AMAZING!!! The acts are top notch and unbelieveably dangerous! Sit like 10-15 rows back to that you can see the acts from up high. They do crazy acts from up high jumping into the water below. This is for sure one show I want to see again. The acts and music will mesmerize you!! Call to order tickets and you can chose where you want to sit. Discounts for this show are hard to find if any. It's a hauntingly beautiful show!!
4	Saw the show last night and what can I say other than WOW. The performance is outstanding! I very much enjoyed the clowns, the acrobats, and the choreography. The divers were amazing and the synchronized swimmers are great. Costumes were really good and the engineering behind the stage and suspension equipment is one of a kind. A must see show. I advise that if selecting seats in the 200 level and above may be better. We were in section 102, row C and too close to the stage. Our seats allowed us close up views of the performers but there is just too much going on in the performance to be too close. You need to be further away to better see the full spectrum of action and appreciate the complexity of the show. Alternatively, go twice and sit at different levels as I am confident that this is a performance that will not disappoint regardless of the number of times you see it.
5	This was mind blowing for me. I was astounded by the talents of these performers from the art of trapeze to the dives. I really loved the story and couldn't get enough of the flips, dives, twists, turns and tosses. It's an amazing experience. However, be warned that being in the front "golden circle" may not always be the best. We found that a lot of stuff went on around us and behind us and felt that we would have had a better experience being able to see the whole picture versus being in the front most rows. Prices are steep, but you only live once and you should see what people can do, it's amazing!
5	Simply AMAZING!! This is my first Cirque Du Soleil show, and boy did it set the bar high! I was seat in 204 row Q seats 3&4, seats are normally 180.45$ with tax and fees and those seats were pretty perfect! You can pay the same and sit in lower orchestra, but do not expect to call a few days before the show and get amazing seats in L/O, PURCHASE YOUR TICKETS EARLY! Also, look online for promos(usually a 20% off) and CALL to get your tickets! This way you can actually choose your seat!! (Ok, I actually work in the contact center, so you may speak to me!!) ONTO the show! So its recommended to pick up your tickets AT LEAST 1 HR EARLY TO AVOID LINES! ALSO DO NOT GO LATE, YOU WILL BE HELD BACK FOR THE SAFETY OF THE PERFORMERS IN THE OPENING ACT! We were seated and the excitement came over me! Ive never seen any show, so this was my first! Word of advice, if you get cold easy, TAKE A SMALL SWEATER! It gets cold in here! So 2 clowns came out to entertain the guests whilst seating began, I normally am not easy to make laugh, but these guys sure did! They were silly and a great way of not having to just sit there waiting. People say they were not funny, but those people probably have a stick up their butt bc they were pretty silly! Besides, this was an added bonus aka intermission for the performers to transition outfits and make up. Give them a chance!So the show starts and I was in awe, the ceiling is stunning blue and green and down comes a performer. She was amazing and flawless, such a sight! So out come other performers running around the theater, and so the show begins! Amazing acrobats, I found out the 2 girls who perform trapeze are actually sisters! AMAZING! They were soo athletic and seriously amazing! Depending on the day you go it will either be these 2 or a single girl doing this act, both are amazing! The stage is insane, its a rising stage, so it goes from being a pool to shallow water to a solid stage, AMAZING TRANSITIONS! In addition to that the drapes and entire area is just breath taking! The water changes colors and the performers know cues from the music that plays (underwater as well!) seriously amazing!This show has many different amazing acts and the story line is of Philemon being lost in the world of O, it follows the story line very well IMO, displaying the wonderful world of O.My favorite acts (all of them really!) were:Russian SwingAerial hoopsBargeHigh dive andFireThey also have a Washington trapeze, she was amazing! Bateau act, sync swimming, and contortion. All these acts were awesome, but I loved the others a lot more! I also loved the horses at the beginning of the show, soo cool and cute! The clown act was a fun act, they were very funny and kept me awake. Another neat thing is all the music is performed by a live orchestra! Its like you get 2 shows for the price of 1!! Theyre very good and the singer has an amazing voice!Interesting facts: O has many Olympians and some are even gold medalists! The pool at its deepest area is 25 feet deep and uses 1.5million gallons of water! Every performer is scuba certified! This show is one of the more popular show bc any person can follow the story line, there isnt any english in the show so everyone can understand the show! Awesome!!Its a pricey show, but its seriously worth every penny! Like I said before, check online the cirque website for special offers! Everyone who can appreciate an amazing show full of exquisite athletes should see this!  I did go at 10pm and it was a little late for me (Im like an old grandma and need sleep! The show lasts 1.5 hrs so be prepared!!)
5	This was an amazing circus show. I've never seen anything like it before. I was just thinking to myself the whole time... how do that do that? and that looks like so much fun, I wanna do it too! LoL.
5	one word: amazing show!
4	Fun and campy (on purpose). If you are willing to take the whole thing lightly you will have a blast. If you have very specific ideas about sex and sexuality you might feel more comfortable elsewhere. My group had a blast. Lots of laughs.
5	Amazing show, worth every penny! It was like a bizarre dream world, with amazing costumes & choreography, not to mention amazing feats of strength & ability by all of the cast members. The stage was incredible, the theatre is gorgeous, amazing!
5	Likes: Show started off a bit slow but picked up with the fire section which was awesome.  Russian swings was my favorite part.  Loved all the water acrobatics and the solo acrobatic performance with the girl balancing on her head on a swing super high in the air with no safety ropes (at least I didn't see any).  Clowns were funny.  Contortionists usually weird me out but in this show it was just really pretty and artistic.  Live singers can be seen on the sides behind the glass windows.  Costumes and music are beautiful.  I like the zebras :)  Overall a great show!  (Equally as good as La Reve in my opinion)Tips: Look for discounts or promotions!
5	My favorite Cirque show in Vegas and I've seen most of them.I've seen this show twice.  It's absolutely beautiful and amazing what they do throughout the show.  As most Cirque shows have - there is a plot of some kind, but does anyone actually know what's going on other than people doing amazing acrobatic tricks, diving from the rafters, etc?I had the fortune of sitting real close in front of the main aisle and sitting behind the main aisle in the orchestra section.  I have to say - save a few bucks, get the section behind the main aisle.  Because of some of stuff that is done from way up high, it was a lot easier to see them sitting a bit further back.Don't be late.  You paid too much for these tickets to be and there are a few cast members out messing with the audience.  It's fun to watch.
2	This show was slow, boring, and expensive. I can't believe the amount of 5 stars this show gets. I only saw probably 3 things that really amazed me. The contortionists, the mid-air boat thing, and the woman standing on her head really impressed me. Everything else seemed like fluff or a repeat of what other Cirque shows had. KA was my first Cirque show and that seemed a lot more interesting with the stage. I wished they did more diving from high up. They only dived like 3 times and they didn't really do much tricks. I felt like when i watched the water show on the Oasis of the Seas those divers did a heck of a lot more, and that was with the boat moving! Those clowns on that house and dancing with two dudes was boring. I was trying so hard to stay awake. I understand that they need to change the stage and the performers need a break but come on... there has got to be more entertaining ways to do this.We got seats below the balcony for $160 which I thought had great views.200 levels. I think the price was a little higher since it was Columbus Day holiday, not sure what normal price was. Great thing about those seats were that we didn't have to walk through rows because we got individual seats not next to each other. The drinks were pricey and you could bring your own drinks in but we didn't have time to do it. If this is your first Cirque show, you will be amazed. If not, you'll feel like you've seen most of it already.
4	Wow.  Wow.  I'm so glad I had a chance to watch this after over a decade of wanting to go.  The show was:BeautifulStunningMemorizingTook you to another place and timeIt's the Stuff of dreams - packaged up in a water bubble stageOn the sad note: there was no storyline...  I need some substance when I'm watching.
5	There is a reason why this is the more expensive than other Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas: this is simply the best Cirque du Soleil show. "O" was the main reason for our trip to Las Vegas and boy was it worth it. I've seen 9 Cirque du Soleil shows and this one is by far the best of them all. The acrobatics are incredible and the stage in itself is a marvel of engineering and technology. It's really amazing to see what the human body can do and frequently you find yourself not knowing where to focus your attention because of all the wonderful things they're doing. If you go, try to sit in the center and not very close to the front so you can have the complete view of the stage and also see things from an elevated angle and not at the same height of the stage which helps enjoy more some of the acrobatics. If you're only seeing one show in Vegas see this one. It's worth the price and more.
5	This is the Cirque show of shows.  Amazing feats of water acrobatics and the pool constructed for the show is equally amazing. My only criticism is that I hated the clowns and the show dragged on a little bit too long.
5	Not only an amazing show, but incredibly beautiful to watch!!! We can' t wait to see the other cirque shows!!:)
4	Just memorizing... the Bellagio is already an amazing hotel, so their theater is nothing short of spectacular. One of the more expensive shows around but the production is the best quality! It leaves you scratching your head asking "how'd they do that?" Haha. I will say unlike zumanity that kept my attention, "o" does have some slow parts to it but its still an amazing show.
4	This was my second Vegas Cirque show, the first being Ka.I think that the water added a very cool "element" (see what I did there?) to the show. However, I felt that there wasn't one solid storyline. It felt more like a greatest hits album. Pros: Live singers- VERY cool. The water- I wasn't sure what to expect, but the way the stage opened up to allow different parts to be completely pool like, or just a few feet was unlike anything I've ever seen before.Cons: Who brings their CHILDREN to a Cirque show in Vegas??? Also, the ushers didn't bring booster seats into the theatre until AFTER the show had started. For $100+, I expect nothing to hinder my ability to enjoy the show. An usher standing directly in front of me definitely does.I can't wait to go back, and see another show.
2	Hint to the people interested in seeing the most expensive Cirque show in Vegas. If you pay for the limited view seating in the middle section there's barely anything obstructing your view and you sit next to people who paid $80 more per tix.Because this show was massively hyped, I couldn't wait to see this. This show was extremely slow and didn't have that many acrobatics. I can understand why people like this show if it was the first Cirque show they've ever seen but at one point I was hoping this would end. There were a few interesting scenes with the divers and the floating boat (which I wished they would do more daring acrobatics). Everything else wasn't that interesting at all. This was not worth the hype and if you had to choose a cirque to watch I'd take Ka. We've seen a lot of shows in Vegas and so far this is my ranking for the more expensive ones:Absinthe (Caesars, hands down best show if you like crude humor) Ka (Cirque, action and actually has a story)Blue Man Group (Monte Carlo)O (Cirque)Le Reve Zarkana (Cirque)Zumanity (Cirque)JubileeJabbawockeez
5	I've seen a few Cirque shows (KA, Mystere, Love) an IMO this one was the best. The ticket prices definitely reflect this. They hardly ever have these tickets on special, so there's no need to wait. I would recommend getting a seat in the middle area, not too close to the stage. There is so much to look at, I'm sure if you go again,  you can see something you missed the first time.Sitting in the theater you can smell the pool water and feel the humidity in the room. Once the curtain opens, I was mesmerized. I had bought a drink before the show started and when the show ended I still had half of my drink. I was so into the show and the imagery that I ignored my drink. That doesn't happen very often. The acrobatics in this show are different than the others since you have the water feature, they didn't seem as jaw dropping, but they were enthralling none the less. My mind kept going back to the word creepy to describe what I was seeing. Maybe odd, sexy, and fun as well.I don't want to give anything away, but I highly recommend this Cirque show.
4	Insane. Great show, and we had second row! So many fantastical water stunts! Don't miss it.
5	Since I have now left the Cirque du Soleil family, I now have the ability to write the Yelp review that is more insight to someone who has adored and lived the product  that I've always wanted to do.  So here goes:The beauty of Cirque du Soleil in general is that due to the variety of shows, everyone has a strong favorite (Mine is La Nouba in Disney), and moreoften than not it's the first show that they've seen.  There's going to be a lot of reviews on here of "Ka is better/Zu is better/OMG GO SEE LOVE!" and it's just a matter of chocolate vs. hazelnut vs. vanilla.  They're all good, but our tastes vary.  O is such a marvel unto itself.  It was "Cirque's most stressful project" as all they knew about costumes and equipment had to be relearned and re-managed for dealing with the water.  Franco Dragone, who designed Celine Dion's show as well as Le Reve as well as the marvelous new water show in Macau, suffered a heart attack while designing and sculpting.  It was that intense.  Before the Bellagio was finished, O theater was in place and rehearsing.  And what a great place for a show that is pure elegance: Bellagio, the pinnacle of beauty and class (well, at least when Wynn was at the helm.  Whatever, MGM, you may own it but you wouldn't know good service if it threw a pie in your face), ahem, the PINNACLE of beauty and class has a gem of a show: Cirque's crown jewel, a show that people scream all over the globe is the "must see" show of Vegas, 13 years at this point with minor changes still selling out, still financially supporting other shows, still raking in millions of dollars, still paid off its theater and when the show runs gives an enormous boost to Bellagio's occupancy.  (Seriously, we're talking upper 90% when Cirque is up and 70's when O is dark).   Time screams that, "O is forever."  How do you follow something like that?  Granted, nothing is forever, but O will be around for a long time.  It has no English, save a brief intro speech of "No phones/photography/etc", and it tells a simple story of a boy chasing the dream, chasing the girl who represents the journey: Aurora.  He is pulled into the world of O, traveling through a lifetime.  The acts?  Some classic of Cirque shows, such as Contortion, Banquine, Washington Trapeze, Russian Swing, but with the water - high dive (60 feet!), the synchronized swimmers, the incredible opening only can be done with a theater of this magnitude.  And the performers?  There's something about seeing a show where most of the cast is original.  Yes, a lot of these performers have grown with the show - they arrived in their early teens and even some of them have children of their own.  They own their roles and delight in doing them - the performers are a family and treat the act as their own creation and put their heart and soul into every bit of it.  And they constantly work to improve the act, make it more difficult, add more tricks - depending on what night you come you may see solo or duo trapeze or crazier versions of acts - one act of the Washington Trapeze has the girl balance on her head on a swing, go into a single handstand while spinning and then set herself down to start all over again.  One of the versions of highdive starts with a handstand or one diver holding up the other in an angel pose before they fall into the water together.  It's really something.If you're looking for something to get your blood pumping, this isn't the show for you.  I have friends who have "fallen asleep."  I've had friends who cried.  The surreal imagery of the silhouettes of the carrousel horses at the end brought a lump to my thoat.  And a random note - to those who like to fan the flames of the "Le Reve vs O" argument - Dragone created BOTH shows.  A lot of costumes and elements in one are in another.  Same product, different flavor.  O is supportive to Le Reve and vice versa - to the point where both shows used to play soccer games against each other and train with each other.  Both shows have a element that strongly differs from each other, and that okay.  O is the elegant, older sister, Le Reve is the crazy red-head sister.  Both have their own style and appeal.
5	People ask me what's 'O' like, and I tell them, "Imagine if you took the cast of Alice in Wonderland, Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory, Avatar, Phantom of the Opera, Ringling Bros. Circus, and put them in an acrobatic drama over water set to a hypnotic new-age soundtrack."It's surreal, comedic, dramatic, awe-inspiring, and quite majestic.
3	What a disappointmentI've seen many Cirque shows and this was the one I was most excited about. Maybe it's so hyped up, maybe my expectations were too high that it was a bigger let down.The stage was the best I've seen, no doubt about that. The costumes and music were amazing.  However, the acts were mediocre. Come on, it's Cirque du Soleil!! I expected more than this. I've seen traveling shows with more difficult and entertaining actsAll Cirque shows has "funny" acts in between to give the performers a chance to rest & prepare for the next acts. O has the WORST. Not funny at all and it dragged.There's also no storyline.
5	I have seen many cirque shows and "O" offers something different.  It's not just a cirque show, it's a cirque show with water.  You'll be impressed with the various stunts that can be pulled off with deep water involved.  I sat in the back rows so I didn't get splashed hehe.  Only downside is that it's an hour long, but it's still worth seeing.
4	3.5I have been dying to see this show in forever!!!!! Seen a few Cirque du Soleil shows (Iris- love the music but it's ending in week!, Criss Angel--can you even call it Cirque Du Soleil???). We've been going to Vegas for the past few years but never got the chance to see it--sold out the last time! So before leaving, I checked Bellagio's website and they had a 15% Internet discount. The website was having some issues so I called. They were great in answering all my questions. I asked her about the seating arrangements and the differences in price. There was no pressure, but she did mention that the front seats would give you a much better view of the stage since there wasn't too many aerial movements and that if I could afford them, I should. With the discount, each ticket ended up being $147 and then with fees, the total was about $ 308. Gorgeous, gorgeous stage. Definitely worth sitting up front so you can see how they do the acts.You will be surprised at how they were able to make the stage support each act, as they had a pool under the stage.  The show was beautiful, but I wish it had more substance. Maybe a story perhaps? I felt that Iris had that a bit more. At the boat scene was a bit long as well. But i liked it when the clown said "Aye yai yai". Really cute. Was the show worth it? Yes. It was a buffet for the eyes. A big, tasty buffet that I can brag to my friends about. But would I see it again? Eh. But my mom loved it so I was a happy camper.
3	***I was disappointed with O; it could just be that I am not a big fan of Cirque du Soleil shows, but I felt this one had quite a few boring parts and it was expensive (but understandable considering its popularity); there were definitely some great spectacle moments, but not enough for me to truly enjoy this one***The first Cirque du Soleil show I saw was Ka and after having seen Mystere and O since then, I think Cirque du Soleil is not for me.  I liked Ka though I thought it was a little slow in parts and did not have much in terms of high flying acrobatics.  Mystere had more acrobatics, but it had no story (only a series of vignettes) and it just kind of meandered and did not have the spectacle of Ka.  O is kind of like a cross between Ka and Mystere.  It has the spectacle of Ka and the disjointed series of vignettes with no story of Mystere.The signature element of O is the water, of course.  It is nicely done, but it does get repetitive with all of the synchornized swimming.  They do a lot of nice diving elements including some very high dives that is impressive.Despite the uniqueness of using water (which definitely goes well with Bellagio given their fountain show), I actually preferred the stage at Ka more.  I found that much more interesting and that along with some stylized touches and uses of curtains and lights made Ka feel much more cinematic.Ka also had a storyline.  While it was not a great story, it did connect the scenes fairly well.  With O, there is no story.  It is much more like Mystere where there are just a series of acrobatic vignettes including mini-sections with clowns (while I did not love the lightly comedic clown elements of Mystere, I thought they were better than the clowns at O--the scenes were slow, uninteresting and not funny).While there was no storyline, I think they could have done a better job of tying the vignettes together given the underlying connection of water.  There was not really an embracing of the water.  There were horses, a safari landscape and men dressed in long red coats and white wigs (they seemed to come from a different show all together).  There was even a maid, who pushed a laundry cart, and picked up the clothes (left thrown on the floor after a performer clothing change on-stage); pushing the cart was kind of all she did (I did not get that one; for all I know, Bellagio housekeeping could have just accidentally wandered onto the set).I think more ocean-themed vignettes would have tied everything together though it could have potentially resulted in cheesiness if not done right.Still, there were bright spots.  The first trapeze vignette, high above the water, was really interesting and I have not seen a trapeze act quite like the one at O.  It created kind of a nervous and exciting anticipation that was truly special.  The diving was good.  It did get a little repetitive, but there were some great dives--both from high up as well as exciting moments where divers were launched across the stage like rockets).The arena was beautiful.  There was a greatly lit blue dome above seating and the opening and closing of the red curtain was nicely and very interestingly done.  Seating was comfortable too.Ticket prices are expensive.  Because of O's popularity, it is hard to find discounted prices for O.  You could probably find similar tickets for Ka at maybe half the price and even less for Mystere.O might be the most iconic show on The Strip so it is definitely one to consider if you are traveling to Las Vegas for the first time or are a big Cirque du Soleil fan.  If you are not a big Cirque fan or have never been to one of their shows, I would suggest seeing one of their more price friendly shows like Ka or Mystere first to see if this is the type of entertainment you really enjoy before paying the high prices for O.Like other Las Vegas hotels on The Strip, Bellagio offers both free and self parking.
3	I'm a fan of many Cirque du Soleil shows and have seen quite a few - Ka, Love, and Mystere, and O can be reviewed a couple of different ways.1) Versus the other hydro-centric show, Le Reve. I saw Le Reve three nights after O. Long story short: Le Reve is better. Le Reve is a more intimate stage as the audience sits around the pool 360 degrees. Le Reve had less clown time. And Le Reve had more action / acrobatics. It's a no-brainer. What's sad is we saw O on a Wed night and Le Reve on a Sat night and, despite having hundreds more seats, O was far more packed than Le Reve. Brand recognition does matter.2) Versus its price. O is expensive - outrageously expensive. Tickets are almost $200 (best Le Reve tickets are about $115). It's not worth it. There are too many other entertainment options on The Strip for a fraction of that price (e.g., Absinthe or Le Reve). Fortunately we paid $70 via Craigslist.O is not bad. You might even like it if you love fancy costumes and surreal motions that leave most people saying, "WTF?" But if you want action, acrobatics, and more intimate setting at a fraction of the price, go see Le Reve (or Absinthe, the best show on The Strip, and I have seen over 15).
4	I don't know how Cirque du Soleil keeps topping itself with every show I see, but once again, O, exceeded all my expectations.When I first heard there was a show that was set in the water with a special stage that moved and changed levels, I was skeptical.  It sounded so fantastical and pie in the sky, but if anyone could pull that sort of a thing off, it would be Cirque du Soleil.And they pulled it off with fantastic style and panache!  From the word "Go," the crowd  was dazzled with high dives, aerial and water-based acrobatics, water rushing in to flood the stage, platforms rising above the torrents, water rushing back out to accommodate other parts of the story line and more.While this wasn't my favorite Cirque show I've ever seen (that place is currently held by KA), it certainly didn't disappoint by any means.  I'd certainly recommend this show to anyone looking for top-notch entertainment in Las Vegas.
5	WOW!!! I have been wanting to see this show, but was always hoping to find some good deals on the tix (but never happened!  this show is typically SOLD OUT!!!). Finally we decided to just buy the tix and enjoy the show!  WOW! it was really worth it!  the theatre was not very big, and we had seats in 203 section (middle upper section).. They are pretty good seats (try to at least get the middle section, i would not recommend seats on the side).  The show was just truly amazing. The water stage, the music, and the performers made every second of the show worth the price we paid for the ticket!!!   If I could see it again, i would try to even sit closer so i can see better of the facial expression and the costume of the performers!
4	O has a way of making you think that an audience member could actually participate in Cirque du Soleil!  When you sit down and the show starts.  They get an audience member to come up to the stage to read the note they're given (pretty much to tell you that cellphones and photographs are not to be taken).  Then the audience member gets thrown into O itself!  And you see that audience member running around on stage, as if they were sucked into the world itself.  That's when you quickly figure out "Oh, that was staged!"There is another instance where an audience member is staged, but I won't go into the details since it really gives away the amazing details of the show.I love how the stage can transform from water to dry (?) floor, or even just a portion of it.  I also enjoyed the tricks and the comedy-act they add in from time to time. Highlights of the show:- Synchronized swimming- Trapeze- fire dancing- high dive- contortion- swings (acrobats propelling themselves from these swings)It was nice, but I am not sure if O is as wonderful as Ka in comparison, both has its pros and cons on which show is more deserving of the #1 Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas.
4	What a phenomenal production!  Having been a fan of Cirque du Soleil for years, I would say "O" is one of the best shows by the amazing troupe that I've ever watched!!  What makes "O" extraordinary is the water theme as the stage itself is technically a huge pool!  The show consists of diving, synchronized swimming, and other water-based performances,and the performers act and move above, within and on the water!  The stage props and costumes are colorful and beautiful.  Seriously, one must watch the show one's self in order to understand and appreciate how incredible "O" is!
5	Very enjoyable show! So artistically well done. The diving of 3 or more people at a time from 60 ft platform into a floor that opens to water was incredible! The story is a little hard to follow, but you are there for the great displays of synchro diving & stunts. Make sure you are at least 6 rows back,otherwise you will be splashed. Well worth the $$
4	This is my third favorite Cirque show (in Vegas). I've seen it a total of 4 times, which is more than any other Cirque show. It's solely a water stage, though at different times, there'll be an actual stage without the water, but that doesn't last very long. I love the concept of water so this was a must-see for me originally. However, it is kind of overhyped so my two friends weren't too impressed with it afterward. Either way, it's the best selling Cirque show in Vegas still.The theater isn't too big and I've sat on the 1st & 2nd levels, but I would like to try the balcony seating one day (hopefully). There is also a section between the 2nd level and the balcony that's called the loggia but you're kind of facing it at an angle because of the seats themselves. That's what I've heard but I've never seen it close enough to tell so *shrugs*.Most seats are good but there are what Cirque considers "limited view" seating and it's considered limited view because of the railing that would be in your view during the entire show. However, you'll still be able to enjoy the show for the most part, depending which limited view seating you have. I had a limited view seating, but it hardly bothered me.There's not a story (as far as I know) and so each scene is pretty random, I guess. There is a "preshow" so you don't want to be late! Be early! Our favorite 2 clowns will be the preshow and those 2 are pretty awesome. Enjoy the show, don't be tired nor too drunk (or you'll probably fall asleep), and clap hard for the artists!
5	We went to this for my mom's birthday. It was so much fun and amazing. I had a really good time and i was amazed and excited the whole time. It was an awesome show and i cant wait to go to more. It was also pretty cheap.
4	This is my second Cirque show, Mystere being first. It is a water based show, very fitting to be in the Bellagio! But the stage moves around so at some points it is a dry stage. Shortly after the show starts, be sure to look up! I would have missed it if my friend didn't tap me to let me know (haha oops). If there was a story to the show, I couldn't really tell what it was. The costumes, makeup, and performances were amazing to say the least. The section I was sitting in, it was hard to see all the little details, but from what I could tell they were very interesting and some were even kind of like an illusion at some point. It is definitely like a circus without any animals. The acrobatics were pretty cool and it went well with their costumes. The music is live, if you look to the boxes by the stage you'll sometimes see the singers and musicians performing! (only when they light the boxes up, sometimes it's dark)I believe this show is over hyped which was why I took one star away, I saw Mystere first and loved it, comparing the two, I would rather see Mystere again.
5	Amazing!!The visuals that this show provides is breathtaking. I sat in awe for most of it. The stage alone is worth the price. If you're going to see a show in Vegas, see 'O'!
3	I've seen 4 cirque du soleil shows.  I saw O late October 2011.  I just have to say I was expecting to be overwhelmed, as I am a huge fan of cirque du soleil.  I was disappointed.  The other 2 shows I saw were much better, The Beatles Love, and Zarkana, in Radio City Music Hall.  The other show I saw was a traveling show Banana Shpeel.  I just had heard "O" was the BEST, and was simply underwhelmed.  I wish we would have seen the new Elvis one instead, I guess on my next Vegas trip.
4	Finally got to see O after so many times visiting Vegas. Overall, the show's spectacular just like most Cirque du Soleil shows usually are. O is a water show, and the way they utilized that stage was amazing. My favorite part has to be the performers swinging/flying in and out of the water stage. So much skills within the show... worth every penny.My only complaint is that there's so much going all the time on stage to the point where I don't even know what to keep my eyes on.
3	Seems like a lot of people liked "O" based on the numerous 4.5 star yelp reviews, but as a Vegas veteran who watches a lot of shows, I wasn't really impressed. There was never a moment that made me think "WOW". The circus acts just reminded me of the same acrobatic events I'd seen before, the performers doing flips into the water was like Olympic diving. There was so much going on yet nothing really caught my eye. If you want to watch a water show, I suggest la reve. Much cheaper tickets for much better seats. It's a much larger stage than O. O has all the seats facing front, whereas la reve has 360 degree style seating all around a circular stage. La reve has more unique acts in my opinion, and divers jump from much higher heights (I want to say 2-3x higher).If you want to watch a cirque show, I really liked Love. For just a general Vegas show, absinthe was amazing.
4	Impressive show with amazing acrobats, synchronized swimmers, divers and characters performances in and above water. However, there is no story and music is alright. And slow moments when I was bored. Most remarkable act was the three contortionists- magnificent!
5	One of the best performs in Las Vegas.  It is true enjoyable to see these great athletes perform these incredible acrobatics.
5	By far, the best Cirque du Soleil I have seen!  I have liked all of them in Vegas but this one really blew me away!  The acrobats were absolutely amazing!  I was on the edge of my seat during the duration of the show!  Can't wait to see it again.
5	I cannot imagine a more thrilling and mystifying show ever being created. My fiance paid a little extra for front row seats, and while I can't speak for the other seats, I thought it was completely worthwhile! We talked forever afterwards about how they might have done certain scenes, but in truth, we don't really want to know. It's best kept a secret.
5	Wow!!! What amazing and talented performers, stage hands, engineering, lighting..etc, etc..The performance was simply spectacularI was beyond amazed at the brilliant design of the water stage and at times you just simply have to sit back and enjoy the show.. and not try and think about.."how do they do that?!" I was really scared for the performers as they swung and dived from what seemed to be ten stories up from the top of the expansive and ever growing stage, but that is all part of the thrill I suppose.. Just watching these talented people challenge their bodies, physics and human logic to attempt these incredible acrobatic feats and make it look as easy as backing out of the driveway, was really incedible. I would love to see it again in a heartbeat!
4	Awesome Cirque Show! I was so excited to finally be able to see this show. Loved the water aspect. It's amazing how the human body can move in all of those ways. So talented!!! If you're a Cirque fan you have to see this. :)
2	Boy what a stage scenery and mise-en-scene BRAVO on that.With everything else I wasn't impressed at all,a lot was going on but nothing caught my eye really.The circus acts reminded me of the same acrobatic acts I'd seen before and the water choreographies   appeared rather messy. Definitely not $200 worthy and certainly not a deserved standing ovation (C'mon people have a certain standard)!My hubby next to me had really the I-fall-aslepp kinda look on his faceand I can't blame him.I expect way more for this kind of money.Definitely not for kids, it's a creepy kind of show.
4	Aaaaah! O! So beautiful. Much like KA, this show has a lot of incredible stage things going on, which is what makes most of the show. The music is so fantastic and some of the stunts they do are pretty incredible, but a lot are also very typical of your circus type acts. If you can go in without expecting a plot and seeing the whole thing mostly as a stream of consciousness then you'd enjoy it a bit more. Don't try to make sense of what goes on and why the artists are there doing what they do. Just sit back and immerse yourself in this dreamlike spectacular, because it is really beautiful to watch. I didn't want it to end.On the other hand, I wouldn't pay $100 a pop to go see this again. Especially since the cheaper seats (which run at $100) hare mostly obstructed by a railing which makes no sense being there.
5	Loved O!  Let's be honest-  CDS shows are all kind of the same.  So far, I've seen Le Mystere, Iris, and O.  I've also seen the Chinese circus several times and a lot of it is much of the same.I'd been wanting to watch O for years but balked at the high price of the tickets.  Definitely the highest priced of the CDS shows, but worth it IMO.  The water/pool adds an additional element to the show that makes it a lot more exciting to watch and creates a lot of sequences/acts/effects that are impossible in other shows.I really enjoyed O and highly recommend it.  Definitely my fav CDS show so far.
5	OOOO-mazing! Yes, it is OOO-mazing! The tickets were $150 or $180 for what I paid and the seats were GREAT. Go to see amazing views and I love every moment of it. I have seen many Cirque du Soleil shows and this is far the best show there is in the strip!
4	I don't want to spoil it for anyone. All I am going to say is...-the show keeps you guessing-has amazing costumes and sets-never a dull second-the music is live -the choreographing is incredible -before you realize it the hour and a half is up and the show is over.
5	I am a self-confessed Cirque nut. I actually cannot remember the first show I ever saw...either Quidam or Mystere. In either case, don't ask me how many Cirque shows I have seen...and in how many cities...But this one bested even Ka for me, held my breath throughout so much of the stunner. Knocks the wind right out of you,...really does. The water stunts and amazing lung capacity of the athlete/ artists.....wowzahs...My special guy has seen both water shows, and says I won't have any problem saying Le Reve is even better. We have tickets in a few months, which gave me pause to review one of my all-time fave Cirque shows.PS Was my least favorite Kooza, or Corteo...?
3	BIt of an overpriced Snooze Fest in my opinion.Will go again someday to see if it was just me and the time I went.....
5	I had very high expectations before watching this show because all my friends highly praised it. AND the show did not fail me! I loved the choreography, the stage and the costumes. My favorites are always the clowns, too adorable and funny. A must watch show in Vegas!
3	I don't know why I didn't really like this show. This is the first show I ever saw in Vegas, and I believe that considering the price of the ticket, along with how much fuss I ve heard about this show, my expectations might have been set to high. I was disappointed. Yes it was beautiful and eerie, yes the stage/water/pool effects are amazing, but I was bored at times ( when the clown was entertaining ), and I expected more of a wow factor. This is a beautiful show, that's eerie/dreamy, but has no stunts or amazing acrobatics. A beautifully executed circus show, on a water stage, nothing more, nothing less.
5	Simply stunning. Great fun for any age group. Of course with the success of the Cirque de Soliel around the world I am not suprised by this wonderful showcase. My fantastic boyfriend did really well by suprising me with these spectactular seats on Valentine's day. You can enjoy a beverage before the show starts. But don't be late, they cannot have interuptions especially for the start of the show. Its mesmerizing, entertaining, and captivating. The talent and dedication these artists have to their craft is inspiring. Clowns, jugglers, contortionists, aerial artists and a cool visual theme. The music is performed live and so are the singers. Also it is an amazing aquatic show. There is some audience interaction too. It keeps your attention the whole way through. I am excited to see all the different Cirques now! There was a lovely sculpture display in the lobby entrace of the show too. The videos showcase how the artist captured all the aerial movements that inspired his depictions. A must see! Tickets are not cheap, so plan on a big spender night out! Or maybe 'wink' 'wink' a birthday is coming up?
4	Took my from-out-of-town friend here for some Vegas shock and awe.  And we were quite in the shock and the awe.  I knew we were in for a special treat when we walked into the theater and I could smell the water from behind the curtain.  The stage and theater are specially designed for little surprises and various random things that happen throughout the show (e.g the scuba divers, random dancers in the corners).Tip: If you can, go to the 10pm showing.  Tickets are usually 20% cheaper than the 730pm show.  Also avoid the first three rows, which is the splash zone.  Ain't nobody got time for that!The only thing I didn't really like about the show was the clown segments.  Although cute and funny, they were quite lengthy.
5	Masters of the Water, Air and Land. You will not be disappointed.  Olympic caliber athletes and world class performers surround and entertain you. A MUST SEE.
2	Feel a bit let down on this show.  After skimming through a few reviews.  I have to agree with nearly everything all of what the 3 star and below reviewers say.  Kind of too much going on, no real storyline that I could follow, just a bunch of random stuff, and nothing to really make you go WOW.The underwater pool lift thing was already spoiled by my trip on the Oasis of the Seas cruise ship.  They have a show in the back of the ship that is similar to O.  In retrospect, that show was actually a bit more impressive because it had the same pool lift tricks, underwater entry points, guys underwater with scuba gear to supply performers with oxygen.  Oh and divers jumping from 30+ feet into a  22'x52' 17-foot deep pool on a MOVING ship.
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!! The best cirque show I have seen!Out of all the cirque shows offered in Vegas, this one is the most expensive one- even the cheapest is around $100. But it is worth every penny!It doesn't matter where you sit because every seating is great.I actually enjoy sitting in the higher sections because you can see the entire picture.There is no real storyline but it is very entertaining.
5	This is by far my favorite of all the Cirque shows.  Be prepared to be amazed from the moment the curtain floats away.  This is an aquatic themed Cirque show with lots of acrobatics and diving.  You are literally sitting on the edge of your seat the entire time and you actually have to remind yourself to breathe.  The music, acrobats, set design and talent all blend together beautifully.  If you take your lady (or man) here and you don't get laid afterwards, then you my friend, have some major problems. This show is a guaranteed panty dropper.
5	Best show in town, best show PERIOD.  "O" takes both theatre & aesthetics to another level!  The story is compelling, the aquatic involvement keeps it playful, and the huge arena is inviting!  Honestly, Cirque du Soleil will NEVER disappoint me, but I do have my favorites!  While some shows are a whirlwind of activity & excitement, "O" simply offers a dynamic romance that can be unmatched.  And the fact that "O" is at the Bellagio, you know this production will forever remain timeless & classy. Nothing like enjoying Scallops at Fix for a pre-show fare and then having a night-cap at Le Cirque for a delectable dessert!  PERFECT NIGHT, I think so!
4	I was in Vegas for business, just wanted to pick up a show one night and O had inexpensive seats. I really need an experience to move me in order to dole out a 5 star rating. It was a great fun show but not a 5. Loved the water and the fact that it is at the Bellagio really helps also.
4	I'm finally getting around to checking out these Cirque du Soleil shows. Because c'mon, I'm so over the clubbing nonsense of Vegas and can do Sin City classy.Overall, this show is definitely worth checking out once when you come to Vegas.  There are moments in the show that it gets a little too much French-like humor and the outfits here leave ZERO imagination of the performers. I did go "wow" a couple of times throughout the 75 mins show.Grab a seat towards the center back of the theatre as they utilize everything in the building. We got seats about 12th row back, so it was just perfect!
5	Absolutely stunning show! There's no way to describe the outstanding performance of the performers, and the dynamic staging of the pool and solid stages. This is really a must see....Some of the stunts will really take your breath away!
4	Saw O with my girlfriend after eating at the Bellagio Buffet, so I was in a bit of a food coma.  This was my second Cirque show, and while I liked it a lot, I liked my first one better (Zarkana).  The stunts are great, and the choreography and stage designs are beautiful.  The problem is that there was a lack of coherent story to follow.I felt that Zarkana has a couple of things outside of the stunts and gymnastics that added variety, whereas some of the acts during O felt repetative.  The water definitely adds to the excitement in O.Comparisons aside, had I not seen Zarkana, I would have thought this was amazing.  From what I understand, its not unusual at all to think that your first Crique show is the best, so I guess its not all that crazy.  I saw Zarkana at Radio City in NY, so while I am assuming its the same show as the one at Aria, I also need to point out that I have not seen any other of the Cirque Vegas shows, so I am in no position to tell you if this is better than Ka or Mystique(?) or Love.  You cannot go wrong with seeing O though.  You will enjoy it if you like Cirque du Soleil, and if you've never been to one, this is a great first experience.  As I said, I would probably push Zarkana over O, but seeing O is still money well spent.
5	This was the first show I ever saw in Vegas which may have been a bad idea because it set the bar so high just about every other show felt short. My hands down favorite of the "Cirque" shows, it is an amazing spectacle to behold. The water stage is unbelievable where one moment dancers are running on the "surface" of the water and the next moment acrobats are doing 50 foot dives into it. Overall, just an amazing show, worth the price of getting front tickets if you can.
5	This is the best Cirque du Soleil show I have ever seen and I was so sad when it ended! Before I saw the show, I thought it would only be synchronized swimming but there was so much more that it blew my mind! It was like Olympic synchronized swimming and diving or Sea World with people instead of Shamu combined with a weird, creative, artistic, and imaginative dream. The show consisted of acrobatics, diving, synchronized swimming, and fire. Like all Cirque du Soleil shows, the live music was inspirational and the costumes and stage were beautiful. Everyone who performed in this show was so talented! I wish I could join Cirque du Soleil.
5	This was my first Cirque show, and it was great. The clowns are funny, the acrobatics are impressive, and artistry is...artistic... The way they use the water-stage is a delight. I don't know what else to write without spoiling it too much. Basically, fun, impressive, and beautiful. But also expensive (they make a killing on it, clearly).
5	I know I'm not the first person to say this, but this show is pretty O-mazing! ;DThis was my very first Cirque du Soleil show and now I'm officially inspired to watch many more. I'm not sure what I can talk about that won't spoil the show for you but I will say that if you can sit in rows 3-5, you will have a really good eye-level view of the stage. We sat in the third row which is considered a "splash zone" but we got nothing more than a mist.I once took synchronized swimming when I was 12 years old and the coaches told us that a really good synchronized swimmer can hold her breath for up to 3 minutes. I think these performers held their breaths way longer than that and I'm still attempting to figure out how they stayed underwater for so long!The ariel performers make what they do look easy and they do it a billion feet up in the air! Ok, maybe a billion is exaggerating but you get the idea :) I'm especially impressed by all the catapulting and high diving.The clowns were kinda adorable. I usually think clowns are scary but these clowns made me smile :)The stage, set design, and set changes were very innovative. There is a pool in the middle of the stage that disappears and changes to a dry stage via moving platforms that float in and out with such fluidity.There's a lot going on during the show so if I were to watch this show again I would probably see something that I didn't catch last time. Much respect to the performers, musicians, stage crew, and all involved in this production. Good show! :)
4	Magical!Breathtaking and captivating aesthetics; the water element of this show really is well done. Transitions were seamless and the music (live orchestra to the upper left and right of the stage) blended beautifully with the show. There is a lot going on though, so at times it was hard to figure out what to focus on. O was thoroughly entertaining and stimulating, despite there being no story line.Seeing a Cirque show is a Vegas must. Looking forward to seeing the others!
4	I think all the hype might have hurt my enjoyment of this show a bit - and well, I might be one of the few people to say this, but I felt as if the water took away the sense of danger that I get watching these performers do these amazing stunts a lot of the time.But hey, the artistry, the costumes, the comedy, and the theatrics are all there. I really enjoyed the show and was captivated for the most part. Sometimes, there's almost too much going on, but no big deal.I really thought the artwork and the stage were absolutely amazing.One thing that's a bit of a minus is that this is pretty much the most expensive Cirque show in Vegas (which considering the stage, isn't surprising). But it's certainly your choice which show to go see!
5	I am not given to superlatives, but "O" is easily the best show in Las Vegas, and possibly the best in the world.  But if you take my word for it and go with expectations of the unbelievable, you may be disappointed.  And you may resent the substantial amount of dough you plunked down for tickets.On the other hand, if you go without SPECIFIC expectations and just let the experience wash over you, not trying to follow the story line -- which doesn't exist in any case -- you most likely will leave with a grin on your face, a smile in your heart, and a five star review forming in your head.  It's happened to me four times over the years.Here are a few hints --THE DOS:1.  The best seats are around the tenth to fifteen rows (row one is indeed "A" here), and not towards the sides.  The main theater consists of sections 101 - 105, with 103 being the center.  102 and 104 are also fine.  Order way ahead - O often sells out.2.  I like the 10:00 time better because this is a stream-of-conciousness type of show and a couple of drinks (just a couple) frees the mind.  You can buy them just outside the theater and carry them in if you want.3.  Experience the theater itself - it is a wonder.  "O" could not be performed effectively without this super-venue.THE DON'TS:1.  Don't worry about the two clown routines, which are somewhat sophomoric.  They are needed to provide rest for the cast and a chance to change scenes.  You'll see why the rest is needed.2.  Don't focus entirely on the main performers.  Each scene has a focal point, but there will also be other things happening all over the stage.  These are an important part of the whole, so let your eyes take in the entire flow of the action.3.  Don't try to understand the lyrics -- consider it an sort of extra-galactic opera.By the way, "O" is a Cirque de Soliel show, of which there are five or six running in Las Vegas.  There is a simple way of determining which are the best: the shorter the name, the better the show.  "O" is #1, followed by "Ka", "Love", etc.  Forget about Zumanity.And guys, if you are taking a date, "O" in Las Vegas is as near a sure thing as there is.
5	3 words..... worth every penny.....
5	This was my first Cirque show, so I hope I'm not being bias. The "O" theater is absolutely gorgeous as well as the layout. Upon the release of the elegant red curtain is a beautiful pool where the show begins. It's hard to really describe the show as there are so many things going on but I don't think there is a single bad seat in the house. "O" show is definitely a must see so get there while you can!
4	Pros: You will never see anything quite like this in your life. Cons: 20-30 mins too long, no story.
3	So I know I am swimming upstream with this review with only giving it 3 stars, but I wanted to add my opinion of the show here anyway.  I'm sure I am not the only one that doesn't think it is a 5 star show.I have seen a lot of Crique shows.  I think my last count is 5, so I do have some experience with this genre of production shows.  I do enjoy Cirque shows, just not this one.  I thought O was ok, but not the best thing I have ever seen.  The theme of this show is death, which I found out after watching the show and talking to some friends who had seen it as well.  As soon as my friends told me that, it totally explained a lot of the things I thought about the show.  I found O to be very dark and it made me uncomfortable in many instances.  I actually had bad dreams the night I saw the show.  It just creeped me out on some level in my brain.  I just didn't like the imagery at all.Now I do have some positives for the show.  It is a great show for the performance value alone, which is why it gets a 3 star rating from me.  It is a high quality Cirque show with some great performers, except for the clowns, they creeped me out too, but that goes back to me seeing scary clown movies as a kid.  I am just traumatized on numerous levels I guess.The theater is also well designed with most seats being good.  I would recommend not buying the cheapest seats though because they have some obstructed views and are pretty far back.  If you are going to see the show, spurge on the better seats. I was given comped tickets to this show due to an old job I used to have and we were in the "cheap" seats and my friend who went with me actually couldn't see a section of the stage.So take what you will from my review.  I hope it helps you decide on which show to see in Vegas!
5	I've been to a ton of shows... Cirque du Soleils, Broadways, Operas....and this is hands down the most incredible experience I've ever had!!! We sat in Row B (second from the stage), right in the center at seats 14&15...absolutely incredible! Beautiful! Stunning! Jaw-dropping!
1	Tremendously disappointed. Slow, plodding, dull. If you've seen another Cirque show, guess what? Same exact acrobatics you've already borne witness to, only over a huge humidity-inducing pool. I found myself more interested in the fluid control engineering than the actual show.If you're a big fan of French clown acts, it's a must-see.
5	"O" is one of the most expensive regular shows on the strip, so the first question regarding whether you should see it really comes down to what your budget looks like.  For myself and my wife, it was something we planned for and looked forward to.  I'll also warn you to book this well in advance of your arrival, especially if you want to catch the main 7:30pm showing.  If you are willing to catch the late showing, you can probably gets seats pretty close to the day you want and can also catch some pretty good discounts."O" is a water based shows with the stage featuring a large pool that has an adjustable floor.  Through the course of the show, the floor level varies from a deep diving pool, to a fully stage level surface.As you would expect from Cirque, the acrobatics and choreography are incredible.  Yet, even among Cirque shows, this one really stands out.  They really take advantage of the possibilities that the water tank gives and there is also a substantial overhead gantry mechanism that moves aerial pieces in and around the performance area as well.  We sat on the front row, so I got a good view of the mechanisms from having to look up for the aerial acts.  As an engineer, I was as impressed by the mechanics of the theater as by the performances.I highly recommend this show.  It is expensive, but you'll have a lot better time than blowing your money on the slots.
5	simply the best! no wonder there are never any discount offered for this show and its always sold out with a huge cancelation line forming in front of the box office 3 hours before every show with ticket hopefuls. $170 per ticket may sound expansive but its only compared to other come and go garden variety shows. This one is the event by itself that will last you a lifetime,,,, and besides,,, if you cant afford $170 for the best of the best, perhaps you should not be going to vegas. Been to vegas for about 30 times all the way from NY,,,,, seen "O" at least 20 times with my family and its still on my wifes absolute to do list for the next trip,,,,,, in 2 weeks.  DONT MISS IT OR YOULL REALLY MISS IT!!!!!
4	Cirque Du Soleil shows are always amazing, and this one is no different. My boyfriend's mom had given us rave reviews of "O" and we had heard many great things about this show online, so we purchased tickets to the 10pm show of "O".This show is visually stunning. The combination of water, lights, song and performers was amazing. I was stunned how they show incorporated the moving floor into the deep water. I liked the performers of this show -- there were divers, swimmers, dancers, and stunt performers who put me to shame physically wise. I just wish they had more acrobat performances in this show since that is what I go to to see a Cirque show to see. Also, there was so much going on in this show at once that sometimes I got side tracked watching the side performers instead of the main act. That was kind of a bummer. I'd recommend this show if you are looking for a different type of Cirque show, but if you are looking for more of an acrobat type show, this one isn't for you!!Cheers!
1	Slow, slow slow.  Maybe good for the 80's, but if you have seen recent Cirque show (Not totem or Iris) this show is lame at best.  The water is not used effectively to help tell the story...The clowns are cute, but won't keep you awake.  Transitions take forever and once you go "O" because of the water, your going to fall asleep...Go see "ONE"!
2	The staff let people in late to the show, so you get people walking in your field of view for the first 20 minutes. Do NOT get seats in row O, 9 and 10.  They are partially obstructed view seats, but sold as full price tickets. You have the stairs railing obstructing the lower part of the stage, and worse, when people walk up and down the stairs, they walk right in front of you, blocking the show. Ushers are of no help, as they walk there also.
2	Dull, dull, dull. There was no story, which might have been okay if the show didn't move so slowly and they didn't used boring clown bits to fill transition times that seemed to go on forever. The acrobatics and diving were impressive, as was the scenery, but it was confusing from beginning to end. Perhaps I am biased because I love character development etc., but they made it seem like there was a story to follow and then just never built upon it. Overpriced for what it was. Save your money. Wish we had gone to see the pet circus instead.
5	My husband and I were vacationing in Vegas for the first time and wanted to see some amazing shows. We've seen Cirque du Soleil "Ovo" and "Kooza" and were eager to see another. I heard from some friends that "O" was a must see. It's expensive! But I found that it was worth it.From beginning to end, the show is amazing. Make sure to get your tickets early because seats go fast. Our trip was in June and I barely was able to find tickets 2 months before.I can't even describe it... water, mystery, acrobatics, comedy, fire, suspense, singing, beauty, fear.  Yep. Amazing. A must see.
5	Just a spectacular show.  It was my second time seeing O and my son's first time.  Of the two we saw, O and LOVE, O was by far his favorite.  With 832 other reviews, it's hard to come up with anything unique or new here so let's just leave it at - Go, you will not be disappointed.At least I kept it together and didn't cry at how beautiful it was like I did the first time I saw 9 or so years ago!
5	AMAZING! I got great tickets 5th row, which I discovered is not really necessary anything lower level should be good enough. From the moment the curtain goes up you know it's going to be a great show. Fiance said if she didn't know any better she would think she was on shrooms. A lot going on all the time, hard to know where you should be looking so you don't miss something. Stage itself is impressive, raises and lowers throughout the show to be a solid surface or pool deep enough to dive into. Some parts are slow and some parts ago on too long. Yes it is all amazing but once you know they can do something, it loses the wow factor. Even though I paid a lot for the tickets I was ready for it to be over by the end. We both needed a bathroom break but didn't want to miss something. There are a few times when you basically get a break in the action and can go, if you see the clowns you have some time before things start up again. You can pick up tickets day before at any MGM location but the day of you MUST go to Bellagio box office and you must be there atleast an hour before showtime. Line gets long so don't wait til last second for will call. Would not see again. I know people see Cirque shows several times, once is enough for me. I would like to see other Cirque productions though.
3	I was disappointed.  I probably wouldn't have bought tickets if I knew what it'd be like.  None of the acts were that innovative, save a couple. I felt like a lot of the elements were interesting but ultimately didn't have much purpose in the 'story'. Also while the clowns are somewhat amusing, I'm getting pretty tired of them.  Seemed a lot like lots of things were going on on stage to cover up for the lack of any one thing being truly amazing.Go for the beautiful costumes and music I guess (although then again they are hard to see from afar).I was more amused with 'The art of Richard Macdonald', who did all those beautiful sculptures that were shown in the theatre entrance.
2	MEHHHHH! I would have given this 3 stars probably, but seeing as I paid $238 for 2 LIMITED VIEW seats, here's 2 little stinking stars, you assholes.CONS:-SLOWWWW - I was literally falling asleep in the beginning. The soft music was lulling me to bed, and it was hard to really see what the synchronized swimmers were doing. - Stupid clown act. Literally every time the clowns came out, a little piece inside of me started fuming for having dished out the cash for this show. I paid for breath-taking choreography and death-defying stunts, not a clown/mime act that my neighbor's little kids could have performed. I guess these two clowns were supposed to be funny and charming and serve as a break for the real performers to rest, but all they did was piss me off.- Absolutely nonsensical story-line. Did the plot just progress? IS there a plot? Shit, are the damn clowns coming back?PROS:- Show ended better than it started, as the music picked up and the focus shifted from boring synchronized swimming to trapeze and fire-dancers and contortionist acts.- Music was live and it was fun to see the guys in the studio windows jamming on keyboards and stuff. - Special water stage set-up was cool After reading all these rave yelp reviews, the show was pretty disappointing. "O" didn't even come CLOSE to the Cirque "LOVE" show, so go see that one instead!!! It's faster-paced, has better stunts and music, the stage arena is positioned better so that ALL seats are good, and it's more affordable!
1	What a horrific experience! The box office is a complete chaotic disaster, mismanaged and if you have the opportunity to speak with management they are so completely rude and inept that it makes the rest of the show unfortunately worthless.  If only the box office ran as beautifully as the stage performance it would be worth while.  If you must see this show, get your tickets early (like several hours or even days as the line before the show is well over an hour and a half wait due to poor design and horrible management).  Lastly it appears they are running a scam of sorts. if you have "will call tickets" they can resell your tickets if you don't claim them and "can do so 4 hours in advance" of the show so buyer be ware and I don't think they will refund you. Oh and doesn't seem to matter if you are in the long line waiting to pick up your tickets, they will not look for you or try to pull people out that are there for the next performance, they do NOT care.  It's a shame that ugly practices like these ruin a beautiful stage. There are many shows in Vegas, this is not worth the money or the hassle.
5	how do they do that with the water and floor sooooo fast?!
4	4.5 stars. My favorite Cirque du Soleil show is still Dralion, but man, O was amazing. We purchaed 10 tickets in advance, and because I had about 3 elderly people with me, I chose the seats in the third row. I think the older members of my party could see from there better, but I would have definitely preferred to sit farther back to really take in the whole stage. The stage is a thing of genius and beauty. It is solid and then "dissolves" into a pool deep enough for divers to dive from the ceiling into. The stage transformed itself so many times, it was fantastic. The show was incredible, from the moment that curtains get sucked into the stage and the water is revealed. All of the acts were beautiful -- the aquatic, the aerial, and the "regular" acts that took place on a stage or some kind of platform. I saw Le Reve the last time I was in Las Vegas, and to be honest, I was pretty disappointed in Le Reve. In Le Reve, there weren't so many acrobatics or WOW moments in the acts, but O was amazing. It is as if Le Reve is just a cheap knock-off of O - O: David Bowie + Queen's "Under Pressure", Le Reve is Vanilla Ice.... lame. Le Reve is also not affiliated with Cirque du Soleil, which I wish I had known before going to the show. As usual, I coudln't really discern a theme other than water in the show, but I was spellbound from beginning to end. Without ruining too much, I would have to say that the fire dancing, divers, and aerialists were my favorite part of the show. My least favorite parts were definitely most of the clown acts. I've seen other Cirque du Soleil shows, and their clown interludes were much more cohesive and funnier, but these didn't seem to go anywhere. That's the only minor gripe I have with this production. That and the PRICE of tickets ahahaha. This is the hottest Cirque du Soleil show on the Strip, and when you see it, you'll know why. Wow. TIP: You probably don't need to buy expensive seats, unless you had many people with eyesight issues like I did. :)
5	Stunning performance... I'd go see it again!
3	I was really looking forward to seeing this show, I have heard it was so good by a lot of people, the show is always sold out so its never discounted at the tickets for tonight booths. So I was able to find discounted tickets through the Bellagio website so my wife and I decided to see it. Overall this is not a bad show, and my wife made a good point in that if this was the first Cirque du Soleil show we would probably be more impressed, and as a result I would have rated the show higher. At this point we have seen KA, Love, Michael Jackson One, and Zarkana, all of which have their own reasons for being better then O was. One example of how other shows have impressed me more, I have seen some reviews that mention how great the stage is, it can disappear under water or make the water disappear completely, it can also be configured in a mixture of the two. Sure this is pretty neat but a show like KA the stage is a lot more impressive, it is so massive and the whole show its moved around vertically, set at an angle, and a lot of other great tricks and used as an actual prop in the show, very impressive and a lot more then O.The costumes, the originality of performing in water, and the acrobatics are all pretty decent, but just not as exciting as other Cirque shows. I did enjoy the break for the performers in which they had a clown act, it was pretty cute. My suggestion would be this, if you have not seen any Cirque shows in Vegas you might want to consider seeing this first, you will probably be impressed and it will probably get you interested in seeing the other shows. If you have seen a few Cirque shows save you money until you have seen most if not all of the other ones and go in there with a low expectation and you might enjoy it.
3	This is probably my 3rd favorite Cirq... Zumanity #1, Mystere #2, then "O".  Even though it is not a "Cirq" show, I saw Le Reve before seeing "O" and maybe that is what ruined it for me... Le Reve is so much more... FANTASTIC.  If you are planning to spend on a higher cost show, I would skip this and head to the Wynn in a heartbeat, you will not be sorry!Dont get me wrong O is good...but to me, not worth the cost.
5	I saw "O" for the fourth time this past Thursday and it was excellent as always!  I first saw the show in 2004 and I have gone back every three years--not planned--but it just worked out that way.  I had a front row seat in the center section and it gave me a different view of the show than I've had before.  I remain amazed by the theatre and it never fails to make me say, "Eau."  The acrobatics performed by sometimes wet performers, the swimming accents, the motorized sea horses (my words) all add up to a big wow factor!The clowns are quite funny and I enjoy the interludes they provide.  The man on fire has always amazed me, too!  The thing that I like so much is that there are a lot of small things that make up the entire show--the way the red jacketed men run, the costumes, the man in black, and the divers.  It all comes together in this marvelous show that is so very entertaining. I am a fan of Cirque du Soleil shows--well except for one.  This still is my favorite.  It would be very hard to top this!
5	A friend of mine called this "The best Cirque show", and also "One of the best shows he's ever seen".  With a pedigree like that, I had to see what it was all about, but Cirque tickets, even more locals are a pricey prospect.But I got to see "O" for free."How", you ask?  Of all things, Facebook.  One of those goofy games that fill up your news feed and update messages with billions of requests from friends.  It's called "MyVegas", and if you play the little games, you can earn real-world coins for things to do around Vegas.  After two of my friends cashed in game rewards for some things, I was sold, and yes, it actually works.  Tickets for free, and off to "O".And it's worth it.It's one of the "old-school" Cirque shows, back before it had to have some famous name slapped to it (No offense to "Love", because that one is also awesome).  No, this is Cirque from the late '90's era, and it still has that original charm to it.The show is a marvel.  From the constantly transforming set, to the aerial acrobatics, to some pretty heavy pyrotechnics, this is a "Show" in the truest sense of the word.  I don't  want to spoil the events of the show as it's something that needs to be entered with a fresh mind and no expectations.The show is moving, funny, amazing, and definitely spectacle.  The dreamscape music immerses you into the moments.  The choreography is wild.  The stunts are incredible, but the biggest "star" of the performance is the stage itself.  I've never seen a stage quite like it.  There is so much going on that it almost seems impossible to take it all in.  The show, in most basic of descriptions, is simply beautiful.I will say that this is not the sort of show to watch if you have to go to the bathroom.  There's no intermission, and while I thought I could steel myself and trooper on (Which I did to the final curtain call), I bolted for the bathroom once the show was over.  Think the "running water" gag is a myth when it comes to needing to "go"?  It tested my resolve, but I'm so glad that I held out.  Every second was worth it.However you get to see this production, most definitely do.  Come equipped with an open mind (and an empty bladder), and be ready for an experience you will never forget.Easily one of the best shows I've ever seen on the Strip.
3	Sometimes hype can be a bad thing.  Cirque du Soleil's "O" is truly a technical marvel.  I was flabbergasted by the fact that there is an aquatic acrobatic performance for the stage.  Sprightly little divers from China somersaulting through the air and the plunging into a pool that seemed almost bottomless.  But this novelty lasted about 20 min, then it became a bit tiresome.  There are only so many variations that can be done of people twirling and diving into the water to a background of haunting music.  The best way to sum it up is to compare it to my love of pizza.  It is one of my favorite foods, but I can't eat a thousand slices of it.  At some point I have to say stop so that I can keep it my special food.  But, I can't deny that it is a very unique show and I think that it is worth watching once.  My seats were in the mezzanine level.  The good thing was that it provided an awesome vantage to see how the stage changes and transition from hard floor to water were made.  The bad thing was that there is a severe bright light at the back of the stage that is aimed right at the mezzanine.  On occasion, I felt like I was staring into the sun.  If you want to see something different, "O" might be a good choice.  But if  you really want bang for your buck entertainment, you may want to try a different show.
2	IMHO O is overrated. The clowns are mind numbingly boring. The acts are excellent but repetitive. If you don't have top priced tickets a lot of the water action is hard to see. Mystere or LOVE are much more interesting methinks.
5	First Vegas water show.  Speechless comes to mind.  White knuckles too. and excitement wanting to jump in the water and learn the tricks with them.  They make it look so easy.  N you know is it not.
4	After Mystere, this is my next favorite.  Very talented performers.  Worth your time and money.
5	This is one of the best Cirque du Soleil shows, if not the best. The impeccable demonstration of acrobatic skills combined with stunning visuals and audio left us mesmerized. The fact that all this is live and is orchestrated with such precision and expertise is awe inspiring.I would say, words will never be able to fully define this stunning visual experience. If you are in Vegas, do not miss this one.Tickets might be a little expensive, but well worth the price.
5	I have been to several cirque de soleil shows, and I must say this is one of the best ones. The divers are amazing. The seating is a small theater so really any seating will give you a good view.
4	It's a worthwhile Cirque show to see when in Vegas. Lots of cool acrobatics going in and out of the water. The theater is quite small so you can clearly see the main stage from just about everywhere. The clowns on this show are very funny. Be prepared to walk through the entire casino to get to the ticket counter, the show gets full too.
4	I'm a big Cirque whore and have seen them all in Vegas except for O and MJ.  O was always on my list but just never got around to it until now.  It's a great show, don't get me wrong.  But in a way, I sabotaged myself because I built it up so much in my head that when I finally saw it I walked away feeling like the tricks and acrobatics weren't any more mind boggling than what I've seen in other Cirques. Regardless, it's an awesome show and I recommend seeing it.  Like all Cirque shows, you have no idea what the plot is about nor what they are singing about.  But the costumes, visual, stage and sound effects are artfully done and appealing to the eyes. The big difference between this one and the rest is basically the big body of water as the "stage" for the acrobats to jump and dive into. The show seemed shorter than the others just because there is no intermission with this one so they go straight through the 1.5 hours.  The venue is kinda big, in a way there are no bad seats because there are no obstructions blocking your view.  However if you are in the nose bleed seats it may be a bit difficult to see some details.  We had awesome seats in section 104, about 6 or 7 rows from the stage, at around 140 bucks.  This show is probably the most expensive of all the cirques in Vegas.
5	The wonderfully poignant and heart-warming story oozing from this Cirque show, was amazing!! I can't even count the number of times I yelled "BRAVO!!!" lol! I felt like I was at the theater on Broadway (In NY,) watching amazing artistry and wonderful acting. I will be back for more shows God Willing! Again, BRAVO!!
5	This is my third cirque show(mystere and zarkana), this was by far the best!! Seriously, air acrobats plus diving.... Absolutely amazing. Very expensive, but definitely worth the price.  Great vegas show!
5	Better then the tent shows I have seen in San Francisco  because the stage provides constant changes in the acts
4	Great show =) Definitely worth seeing while in Vegas =) I had seats center front, 5 rows back and it was awesome!!!
3	Not my favorite Cirque du Soleil show, but it's an okay show.There is not a lot of a story line to the show, at least not one as memorable as some of the others I've seen.  The high dives and some of the water tricks were pretty amazing, but I found myself often getting bored in the show.  The theater is beautiful, and the costumes and makeup are right on par, but in the end, I wasn't really impressed overall.  I find that I usually forget to breathe during their shows, but this one wasn't really as such.It was a solid show.  Definitely a good show, but for my money?  I'd probably prefer to go elsewhere on the strip for a better Cirque show.  (Make sure you use an M Life card when purchasing your tickets.  Best deal I could find on them!)
5	Best Cirque show I have ever seen! I have been waiting to see "O" for several years, no lie. Finally, went to see the show and the performance was incredible, the performers were the best athletes I have ever seen. They moved around so effortless and their strength was amazing!...
3	Show was ok.  Not worth the money we paid though.  I would spend my money on other Cirque shows (I love Mystere) but this was real disappointing. First thing that disappointed me was our seats. We sat at the top but only the 2nd row so you should be able to see everything just fine, but you can't. Anything done in the front of the stage I could never see.  There was a preshow with some clowns that I couldn't even see at all. And during the show they go to the front of the stage off and on and then again I didn't even get to see what was happening. One thing that made it hard to see is the row in front of us (the 1st row up top) they would often lean forward so they could see and then it really blocked our view.  The show was slow, there was about 2 acts I enjoyed.  They have a few clown acts during the show, and it was so slow and not funny at all. I don't think anyone was laughing at all.  Other shows I have seen I don't want the show to end, but this one I kept hoping it was the last act so we could go and do something fun.
5	I see why they call this show "O" It was completely entertaining the entire show. We were seated in the golden circle and the tickets were well worth it.
5	The best Cirque show I have EVER seen. I love how the combine the normal Cirque acrobatics in with the water! The theater was amazing. So much going on its hard to pick and choose where you want to look. Costumes beautiful even when soaking wet. I love the clowns they are always so funny!
5	WOW, completely blown away by O!! When I visited Vegas a few years ago my husband and I saw Mystere at Treasure Island and sat 1st row and really enjoyed it. On our most recent trip we decided to go with the show that everyone always recommends-O-and we were both so happy we did. We sat about 8 rows up in the center and the seats were excellent, well worth the price. The ever-changing water stage and the crazy acrobatics are so amazing, I could watch them perform for hours! In true Cirque fashion the story line is a bit eccentric (I actually had no idea what it was) but that doesn't matter because you're there for everything else. Highly, highly recommend O if you're looking to catch a show in Vegas!
5	All I can say is WOW!!! This show was truly AMAZING! From start to finish the detail that was put into every part of it was unreal. All of the talent in the show was right on point and engaged with the audience the entire show. We were given tickets by a close friend who recommended we see it and we were completely blow away! If anyone wants to experience pretty much every emotion possible and enjoys thrills and excitement then this is the show for you! Overall, we were very please and now have a memory that will last a lifetime.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this show. Everything was fantastic, the swimmers, divers, acrobats... the stage management was amazing. I doubt there is a bad seat in the house. I was on the second row and worried that I wouldn't be able to appreciate everything on the wider scale, but it was still amazing and even better was being so close and seeing the costumes/makeup detailing.The first two (or more) rows are in the splash zone so if you're sitting there prepare to get a little wet. Though sitting else where won't gurantee that you stay dry!I can't wait to see it again (when I walked out of the theater I was tempted to buy tickets for the 10:30 show as well but my exhaustion after a long day of travel won out!).Buy your ticket, you won't be disappointed!
5	An amazing show. One of the best shoes I. Vegas if not the best! Have seen in 5 times and would love to see it again. A must see in Vegas.
4	I was visiting Vegas with my Dad and sister and brother.  For my Dad and sister, it was their first time in Vegas and my brother and I wanted to take them to a Vegas show.I had booked suites at the Bellagio and thought that logistically it would be best if we saw something there.  Cirque du Soleil O was an easy choice.  I've seen Cirque's Ka and Zumanity before so I knew they would enjoy it.The venue is quite large.  We got mid-range seats since I wasn't quite sure they wanted to see it.  (It was more my idea then theirs)  The venue is quite large and from what I understand some of the less expensive seats have obstructed views.  The show is has a water theme so the the front few rows are in a splash zone.The show is very good.  As always the acrobatics are amazing and the stage transforms from a dry surface to a large pool several time throughout the show.  The show is about 2 hours.  I got the tickets online.  Be prepared to wait in a bit of line to pick up your tickets a will call so plan ahead.All in all, a great show to see in Vegas although I'd probably recommend seeing it on your first night because I don't care how good the show is,  the 24 hour party in Vegas and lack of sleep will probably have you falling asleep as soon as the lights go down.Stay sexy fellow Yelpers!
4	Beautiful costumes, acrobatics, and music.  I love that they have live music!  The story (is there really one?) lacked a bit for me... but if you just focus on the moves, it is lovely.
1	I have seen all of the shows in Vegas.  Heard many great things about O so I left the best for last.  Oh boy was i disappointed!  First of all its very overated and over priced.  Second, there was no story line, a bunch of nothing.  The acrobats were OK.  Nothing to really make me say Wow. Honestly, i napped through some of the Show. From all the shows in Vegas, Le Reve is still my favorite.
5	Boyfriend and I booked a last minute show because we were staying at The Bellagio this weekend and really wanted to see a show while we were in town. We couldn't get the golden seats because it was all booked for the 10:00 p.m. show and it was 9:00 p.m. when we were trying to get tickets. We still got good seats that were the second row from the stage. We were sooo close to the stage it was awesome. The show took my breath away and the whole time all I could think of is: how do they do that?! It's mainly a water show and just so beautiful and so coordinated. I had to appreciate all the amazing gymnast bodies it was flawless. The show tickets are expensive but it's worth every penny. You really get to appreciate the talent and focus of the performers. The entire stage was very magical. Such an amazing experience!Note: The show is an hour and 45 minutes with NO intermission. So pee before you sit down :)
5	This was my 1st show in Vegas, it was soooo worth the $$$ !!! I like how this cirque show doesn't travel and is particular to Vegas! Make sure you are in center, 1st or 2nd level for best seats! A-mazing performers!
3	It was definitely not one of the better Cirque shows in LV.  We both fell asleep a few times.  We found the music a bit too slow moving.  Save your money and try to see KA, Love, or Mystere instead.
1	I missed the show last time I came to Vegas and thought to myself, "I'm not going to miss it this time around!"  My wife and I couldn't believe how boring the show was after all the hype it had received.  The show made no sense at all.  It didn't seem as if one scene was related to the next.  We were waiting for the climax of the show, but it just kept on dragging on and on.  Every single one of my friends and I kept on dozing in and out trying to justify the money we spent on the tickets.  My recommendation is the Zumanity show....well worth the money.
5	Cirque du Soleil - O  is actually the first show I've seen in Las Vegas. So it's hard for me to do the rating because I have nothing to compare it to. So for now, I will give 5 stars until I found something better, I will go back and change my rating. ;-) I've been hearing about O from many people, so I went into the show with a lot of expectation. Plus, we paid for $180 per person. We were on sixth row to the left of the stage which was very close to the stage. I gotta say the production is truly world-class. All the music was LIVE. The stage was amazing. I can't figure how all the flat-forms moved around. I don't want to spill a lot of information here to ruin the show. But I was very impressed with the stage. The performers were incredible. There was a few times that I felt like I had a heart-attack. It is very pricey for 1.5 hour show.. but you are in Vegas.. and this is really, again, truly world-class production with absolutely no mistakes.
1	I have to say this is the worst $150 we spent in our entire life. The show may be good in early 2000s, but can't make me excited in 2013. Any circus show on Asian TV programs may be better than this. Sorry I just don't get it.
5	Went to Las Vegas in April for a bachelor. We had a night with nothing planed so someone suggested to go see O. I'm glad we did because  it was the best show I have ever seen in my life!!
5	This was one of my favorite Cirque du Soleil shows so far. This show has so much going on during the different stage performances. There was a ton of variation. A lot of the cast was in different costumes all on the stage at the same time performing very different acts. I felt like I could see this performance over and over and never take it all in. The costumes, the make-up, the contortionists, the stage. It was all so amazing.The show is called "O" and apparently this means water in French. The stage is constantly changing but under all of the various layers is a giant pool of water! The performance incorporates this with various swimming acts as well as an amazing diving session with swings that launch the performers into the air performing unbelievable diving tricks. This was my favorite part of the show. Sometimes the stage just had a very narrow window for performers to make it into the pool. It added a lot of thrill to the show. I really enjoyed the scenes with the clowns. They were so funny and it was great how they got the crowd involved in some of the acts. It was hard to tell if some of the people were really just grabbed from the crowd or if they were a part of the show. The music was amazing. I loved the variety of the sets. The singing was great. The african style music was mind blowing. This is a great show! I recommend spending the money and getting close seats for this one. You won't be disappointed.
3	It's a great show with amazing costumes and an awesome stage.  With water how can it not be great...but compared to other shows of this type this one is not the best to me.
1	I thought this show was boring and too expensive!!!It was 155 person! I expected the wow factor and sadly I never saw it.I recommend "Le Reve", at least it was 10x better. I was so disappointed since I felt like I was watching a circus act in water.Lots of chaos on the stage. People running around a lot and there was no story to it.It so sad that this show has been around awhile and this is what you get.
5	We saw the show for the second time recently. This is a must do attraction while in Las Vegas. The best Cirque show by far... Although all are fantastic
5	If you see only one show while in Vegas, then this is it.  I sat 3 rows from the stage and still couldn't figure out how everything was done.  It was exciting, beautiful, and breathtaking - not necessarily in that order.  Shows tend to sell out so try to book as far in advance as possible!
4	So I saw the O show. And this is my first time seeing a Cirque du Soliel show in Vegas. I thought this was an interesting show. My rating or personal opinion on this show would be a 4 on a scale from 1-5 because I thought it was normal. There wasn't anything major or something I was really shocked about. It's maybe because I watch a lot of televisions and I usually see more rigorous stunts then usual. Overall I think it is a great show with talented performers and an excellent crowd. P.S. My seat was 16 Row C Section 103. It was the middle section, 3rd row in front of the stage. Great seat. Splendid view. Right next to the staircase.
4	I have seen many of the shows by Cirque du Soleil in Vegas. This one is by far the best. It is also I think the oldest.The only critique I really have about this show is that in the over 10 years that hit has been running... They have not updated it at all.I went to see it again just last week and it was as good as I remembered... But exactly as I remembered. The concept is awesome and they should update the show keeping the water thing but adding new modern elements to it.
5	I was awed from the moment I first stepped inside the O theatre at the Bellagio. The theatre resembled a European opera house, so large and beautiful. As amazed and enthralled as I was throughout the entire water-themed production, I had found myself even more dumbfounded (in a good way) when I was walking back to my hotel room and realized that no, stupid me, the performers couldn't have had access to LAND inside the pool below the stage. Meaning that after they took a plunge inside the pool they must have breathed through a regulator as they stayed invisible from the surface. You see, I'm not very smart. I thought that all the crazy trapeze acts, adagio and acrobats, all the floating, russian-swinging, high-diving madness was, well, mad enough. Perhaps I just didn't have it in me to fit SCUBA complexity into my perspective of this magical show..now that just brings the entire production to a whole other dimension. On one side I am pretty disappointed that I didn't get to appreciate the circus the way it deserved to be appreciated. Although I LOVED it, it would have been even more mindblowing to enjoy all the acts I could see on the surface and being able to understand the stuff below it. Everything synchronized to perfection, moving like clockwork. To keep in mind that there's a shitload of things going on underwater and the SCUBA divers who made one appearance throughout the end of the show were probably the ones assisting the performers who needed air to breathe underwater as some of them must have stayed under more than a few minutes at a time. On the other hand, I am pretty stoked that I can see the show for the second time and be even more in awe. The performers, the set, the theatre, the music, the water, the acts...everything beautiful.
4	It should have been great coz my husband was awake the entire show for the first time.
1	Words cannot express how dull and arrogantly incoherent this show is.  Not only did my wife fall asleep twice,  but so did the couple down the row from us.  Smiles were strikingly absent on the part of those leaving the theatre.  In short, it's not the worst thing I have ever seen, but of all the things I have paid money to see live, it is by far the worst thing ever. Save your money.  Save your time.  Save your sanity. Avoid this.
4	This is an absolutely beautiful show to see while in Vegas and has you leaving feeling like an inadequate human being who needs to stretch more. In a good way.The combination of Cirque du Soleil amazingness with water is a winner.
5	Come to think of It, this is a pretty amazing show located inside the Bellagio.Performance: I thought fire dancing and aerial acrobatics were incredible and visually stunning. In between various performances, there were several comic relief scenes with the clowns as well as multiple diving performances. I didn't enjoy synchronized swimming that much, but I still appreciate how long it took them to practice and get the timing right.  Ticket might be a bit expensive comparing with other shows ($119.35 for limited view ticket - one of the highest seating level), but it definitely worth every penny. Expect approximately 25% diving / synchronized swimming, 25% aerial acrobatics, 25% fire dancing / comic relief scenes, and 25% miscellaneous acts (e.g. contortionists). I just like shows (like this one) that involve group efforts and the "OMG" moments. Simply a beautiful show.
5	Another fabulous Cirque Show!  O was incredibly visually stimulating.  Unlike Zumanity, the theater is huge...so having a balcony seat may not be the best way to go...tickets are expensive (in comparison to the other Cirque shows) but O is definitely the best Cirque show I have seen.  It's absolutely stunning...you can't look away!
2	Although I stand by my initial review, conversations with friends had v given some perspective.  It appears I had two fatal flaws... 1) having seen many diving acrobatics shows (which takes away some of the awe factor) and 2) sitting in the mezzanine.  For the latter,  visual effects are greatly diminished, as the "magic" is on full display. As such, if you still attend the show, you would be well advised to purchase tickets on the main floor.
5	I almost cried when I shelled out for tickets for Julia D and myself to see O at the Bellagio over Christmas but $260 for two upper tier seats turned out to be money well spent and one of the highlights of the trip to Vegas. The theatre is pretty good and even though our tickets said they were restricted views it didn't really spoil my enjoyment of the show. O is a water based show with the stage constantly evolving and adapting with the protagonists swimming, diving or appearing to walk on water at various times. O was my first Cirque du Soleil experience and I was very impressed with the whole set up. In Las Vegas there are so many shows to see but if you are willing to part with the cash I would recommend seeing this one.
3	I wish that I could give this show a higher rating but after sitting in the upper mezzanine all I could see for about 30% of the show was the big bright backlighting that made it hard to see the act. I was thoroughly disappointed by that. It seemed to me that it was unnecessary to have that light on at all! Over all it was a pretty great show and I did enjoy the clowns a lot. But for FUCKSAKE TURN OFF THAT BRIGHT ASS LIGHT! If you're going to see this show spend the extra money to get the closer seats off of the mezzanine. k thx bye.
4	Well.. when I say I adore Cirque; I imagine it makes me a tad bit biased.  But I always find them incredibly  beautiful, amazing and colorful!!!!  All the things which are the foundation to a great anything in life I imagine.  I just saw Totem not too long ago in San Pedro, CA so I obviously enjoy their shows a great deal.  But this is not so say that I go often as the prices are a bit expensive - but I do think they could stand to lower their prices in general.  Beyond that this show was transfixing and I thoroughly enjoyed the water element and all the fabulous special effects, acrobatics and diving that went along with that.
4	I like Cirque du Soleil so everytime I go to Vegas I try to watch one show. O show is the most famous one so you'd gonna watch once. The show itself is beautiful, make sure you get good seats, front view. I paid $150 + taxes for the show, the seats are pretty good. The clowns are pretty entertaining, they come before and middle of the show. Why 4 stars? Because O show doesn't have any story lines, it is major acrobats. And maybe I'm from China, I have seen so many acrobats,these acrobats do not look amazing to me.  It didn't WoW me. So I think it is a bit over priced, in this case, I prefer KA show and it is a bit cheaper.
5	Totem, O, Mystere, Zumanity, LOVE, ONE, serously any of the Cirque du Soleil shows are a hit. They house some of the most creative imaginative people in the world! If you want to be taken away and mystified into a dream world then goto a Cirque du Soleil show. They travel around too with smaller shows, but in Las Vegas they have ongoing performances all year round that are gigantic and glitzy. It's perfect for families, no nudity or anything, just lots of talent and creativity channeled to the audience. I've been privileged to goto Cirque du Soleil shows throughout my entire life, I can honestly say that they still impress me even now as a full grown adult as much as they did when I was 9. Tickets are expensive, but there are a lot of third party ticket vendors in Las Vegas, so your chances of getting a slightly discounted ticket are high! Just ask around and stay alert. Zumanity is very sensual, maybe you wouldn't want to bring your kids to that one. O is geared towards a broader audience from kids to adults. It's a family show.
3	Ya know I gotta say I was a little disappointed with the show. Previously having seen The Beatles Love show, and knowing how awesome Cirque is...I found O to be a bit of a snoozefest. It's beautiful alright, but it seemed like they repeated a lot of the same movements and dives. I'm giving them 3 stars for talent. Because lets face it, those performers are absolutely incredible. However, the story and music wasn't as mind blowing as i'd hoped. Perhaps if the tickers were $30 pp I would recommend it. But at $184 pp I would say skip it and go see something else. Or throw the $ at a nice dinner.
4	I'm giving this 4 stars because the performers are top notch.But I was glad it was over. I felt I have seen better at shows such as KA and Mystere, even Ovo & Totem.Big production and staff is great, but intimate settings are better.For the price you pay here I would pay for KA and this is just expensive for being Bellagio. Let's just face the fact that it's the location.For what the price you pay, I wanted to be wowed, Cirque Du Soleil does wow me, but this show didn't probably because some of the show is repeated.I'm glad I saw it with my own eyes, now I can say I have seen it an was just ok with the performance.
5	I've seen this show a few times and always leave the theater amazed.  So much goes on above water, that you don't realize the amount of work that goes on underwater as well.
4	I strive to be comprehensively balanced on my reviews, but still it may come as a surprise to many that I'm giving 'O' only 3 stars (well actually 3.5... well now actually 4... see at the end)There's a saying in Vegas, not "what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas."  Another saying something like, "We're in Vegas, lets go back some 'bad' decisions."  Cirque 'O' is probably the BEST bad decision you can make in Vegas in my opinion.The show itself is 4.5 stars in my book.  The missing half star is because for me, the 'WOW' factor was not quite what I expected for the price of the ticket and the hype from all the other reviewers.  But nonetheless, the show can be appropriately described as spectacular.  One criticism I have is the stage is VERY deep so it can be hard to make out the characters in the back of the stage.  A small pair of binoculars (if you are sitting in back) would be a great tool to fully enjoy the amazing costumes.  Also I caution, that I would not recommend sitting in the first dozen or so rows.  Much of the show takes place high in the air, and you will have a much better perspective sitting about mid-way back.So why only 3.5 stars?  The price.  Yes, yes, I know, everything in Vegas is about 80% overpriced nowadays.  It's the law of supply and demand and the theme of 'excess' rampant throughout the town.  But to me, that's no excuse for a mediocre value, and that is what 'O' is.  For $170 per person (unless you sit in the balcony or get a partially obstructed view) for a 1.5 hour show, it IS described at BEST a MEDIOCRE value.  That's $680 for a family of four.  You can do quite a few more interactive and cool and longer lasting activities for $680 for a family of four.  Think about it.If money is virtually no object, 'O' is a no brainer.  But if you like to get some decent value for your entertainment dollar, you can maximize it with Cirque by managing your expectations going in which I didn't and that was my mistake and the partial fault of many other reviewers which seemingly have a lower 'amazement threshold' than myself.  To each their own though.So where did I sit you ask?  After careful consideration, we chose the first row of the balcony and it was a good decision (yes I know it may be ironic I'm complaining about the value when I bought the $40 cheaper seats - but I'm writing the review considering the vast majority of the seats are the higher price.)  You will have to lean forward to look over the railing to see things that are happening in the very front of the stage and in the crowd.  The perspective is great, you are at eyes level with much of the show in the air and have a good perspective on the deeper area of the stage and see some of the synchronized swimming moves from a better elevated perspective, I would NOT sit in the balcony in any other row though as there is occasional action in the crowd below that is fun to watch that you can't see from the other rows in the balcony.  I think the best seats would be the first few rows of the "second/upper orchestra section" in the middle on either side of the controller area or the center of the Loggia (lower single row balcony). I'm a music lover and an MJ fan.  The music in 'O' was great but I think it could have been more exciting.  I honestly think I would probably enjoy the more immersive musical experience of Michael Jackson The One.  I was about to hit submit with 3-stars rating but decided to round up realizing many readers may not realize that 3-star rating has a lot to do with value and isn't just a rating for the show itself so I've decided to weight it on the show itself and avoid the backlash of the others drunk on the Cirque Cool-Aid.
5	This is a show I rant and rave to everyone about.  It truly is a piece of beauty and art.  The stage alone deserves a 5 star review because it is simply amazing.  The show has a great balance of mediums with acrobatics, dancers, synchronized swimmers, and the list goes on and on.  Highlights include:Everything!Low point:Nothing!
5	An Aquatic Masterpiece!Breathtaking!!Simply The Best!!!Short Review:  This was my first Cirque show in Las Vegas and I gots to say....I had the time of my life. We watched "O" for Valentine's Day and the experience was breathtaking from start to finish.  There's no sense going to great detail of what you'll experience with this show since most of the reviews on here already explain a lot.  Bottom line, Cirque du Soleil's "O" is as good as it gets.Shorter Review:Do This!Longer Review: Cirque du Soleil's "O" is performed in Bellagio.  "O", French for water, features at least 10 different acts in water, on the ground, and in the air.  You'll experience acts from acrobats, trapeze acts, fire dancing, contortionist, high dives, synchronized swimming, and even some clowns perform. All acts are performed with live music, which is perfectly synchronized with all of the performances. It's really hard to say which of the acts was my favorite because all delivered a performance that's simply magical.  You have to hand it to all the performers.  The strength, the focus, and the grace that these performers exhibit is second to none. I look forward to watch more Cirque shows in the future and will consider the backstage package for "O" as well.  But don't just take my word for it, check out "O" for yourself.  TIP: "O" performs Wednesday through Sunday with only two performances, 7:30 PM and 10:00 PM.  You can get tickets at one of M Life's casinos (ie. Excalibur, Luxor, Bellagio, etc) or online.  Unless you have a hook up, general admission per person starts at $108 for Level 4, $119.90 for Level 3, $143 for Level 2, and $170.50 for Level 1.  Because it was my first time and didn't know what to expect, we got seats at Level 1. However, the theater isn't too big and is set up perfectly.  In other words, I think that you can still enjoy the show from Level 4. YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (049/366)
5	Breathtaking, amazing performances, super talented cast, simply awesome! An amazing Valentine's present :*)My boyfriend and I sat 5 rows from the front and got to see every small detail that were put into the production. It was so magical to see an aquatic show brought to life. I still can't get over how amazing the set and production was. A breathtaking 1.5-2 hour show!The only downfall was of course, the price. This show is probably one of, if not the most expensive in Vegas. The stage was huge but the theatre itself was pretty small, which means that you would probably still get the full experience purchasing the Level 3-4 tickets. Also, each row of seats drop pretty low so you are not blocked by the person in front of you. Would definitely love to see this again! A+!
4	Got to see this show recently and it was awesome! While my favorite is still Zarkana,   this show takes place mostly in the water and that in itself is unique! We were lucky to get 2nd row seating , aka the splash zone, but it actually wasn't bad at all. Seems like the clowns are in every single cirque show and they were actually funny in some parts. A lot of diving from extremely high points...(don't know how they can do that @@) dancing underwater in sync with each other. Overall, I can only say that these performers are super talented and its a must see show in the cirque du soleil series. I'll be taking my parents when they come to visit!
5	One word: Breathtaking
5	Amazing. Everywhere you look there is something new to see, something else to dazzle you, and a side story. Honestly I couldn't pick up on an overlying story other then a man chasing a woman (he loves I presume). I get the feeling of through a dreamscape- but I could be wrong. Honestly I get lost in subtlety so don't let that bias you. The show is stunning! The acrobatics are fantastic. The high dives leave you squealing. There's comical scenes, creepy scenes, intense scenes (pyrotechnics!) and amazing displays of physical feats at every turn. I've seen it twice now, once from the very back nose bleed section and once front row. There is not a bad seat in the house, and there is always something new you didn't see before. And don't let the idea of the stage being water deter you from the physical strengths and intensity of the show- different parts of the stage moves so that not always are the aero acrobatics safely going to land in a pool of they fall....
1	I've been a fan of Le Cirque since their beginning in Santa Monica as Le Theatre du Soleil. I've seen many shows, and loved them all. This is why it is sad for me to rate this show so low, as it is actually another great show, which I was extremely disappointed in not being able to enjoy, as all my friends and family, since we were blinded half the time by the powerful backstage spotlights, aimed right at our seats.DO NOT SEAT in the Balcony area!You'll be blinded by the 1,000 watts projectors and leave with a throbbing headache. How can this be? Why this this bad lighting design still in place after 15 years? It's shameful for Le Cirque to let this happen. Honteux. Lamentable.
5	Amazing, breathtaking performances. I don't think there was a bad seat in the house, either. I sat towards the left side (if you're facing the stage) and man. What a sight. This show was definitely worth every penny I spent to purchase the tickets. If you only have the chance to see one Cirque show in your life - let it be this one! You will not regret it.
5	Although "O" isn't my favorite Cirque show, it definitely deserves a 5-star rating.  With incredible aquatics, acrobats, and an impressive set (seriously, how did they do that??), I highly recommend.  It was a little on the "circus" side in terms of story line (high divers, a girl on a trapeze while on her head, synchronized swimming), but overall, very impressive.  Oh, and the clowns were even funny for a change (not just cheesy!).My favorite Cirque shows thus far are Mystiere & Beatles Love, but "O" is right up there, definitely in front of Amaluna, Ka and another I can't remember now.
5	It's my favorite Cirque du Soleil show. Seen it 3 or 4 times, always greatly impressed.
5	The best cirque show out of all of them!!  IT'S so beautiful!!! The stunts were amazing. Very entertaining. Highly recommended. We just wish we had gotten seats that were a little closer to the stage. We sat at the very top of the first section closer to the stage route N. Pretty great view. I kept getting chills throughout the show.
5	Most people will tell you that O is the best Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas. Well, I think that depends on what you are looking for. It is certainly the most romantic. I enjoyed KA very much because it has a more defined story line and I love how whimsical the Love show is. I did not enjoy Mystere but I think that one is more geared towards kids. If you want just pure grace and beauty then O is the one for you. I loved every minute of it.
5	Quite possibly the best Cirque du Soleil show I have ever watched. So much fun, combines acrobatics with aquatics. All around impressive. We loved every minute.
5	Another Cirque performance that makes we want to do acrobatics!  This one is amazing plus some because of the water.  My friends and I all agreed the stage/pool was one of the coolest things we had ever seen.  One second it was a dry floor, then people were either flying into or coming out of the water.   They kept your attention elsewhere while the floor morphed into a pool and vice versa.After we left, we heard there is a tour you can take of the inner workings.  This would be worth it after you saw the show to better understand that amazing floor!  The athleticism is unbelievable, and I would really like to know how they have feet strong enough to hold on to a flying trapeze and another person at the same time.  I have never seen a Cirque show I did not like and this one did not disappoint.
5	oh my goodness gracious. can we ask everyone to describe the word magical? that's what this show brought out. the music & act was so ethereal and emotional with pretty much NO words spoken at any time. something i love about cirque du soleil is that because majority of their shows are acrobatic and visual, it leaves a lot to your imagination to interpret what you see. throughout this show enchanting music in sung, amazing tricks are done beyond skillfully & gracefully. the makeup, the hair, the costumes, the attention to detail in everything theater really blows your mind away. so besides all the amazing skill that is so worth seeing... let your mind wander... what is the clown thinking? is that guy really on fire? is this a story about love? adventure? fear? magic? a dream? or just a whole other reality all together? you gotta tell the story in your own head & get back to me... i'm still trying to decide if i'm set on the story I've told in my head.a must see masterpiece that you won't regret experiencing!
5	The  best  show I have ever seen from Cirque, Music, set, everything leaves you Breathless.A memory sure to last a lifetime.A show not to  miss, if I get the chance will see it again.
4	I had seen this show the first year it opened (so I barely remembered it anymore) and my new wife had never seen it and this was on the "must do" list for our time in Vegas,Anyways, the stage is impressive. The amount of water they use is truly a testament to the lavishness (and to be honest, wastefulness) that is Vegas.The acts were all great. I'm always happy to see a bunch of acrobatic dives. Synchronized swimming is all the more impressive because of the sheer number of swimmers who have to synchronize.One the ship-trapeze act, the artist fell into the water. They recovered nicely. The artist swam up and "collapsed" on the stage until the act was over. I assume they have a backup plan for every act to make it seem as if things are intentional.I did find that there were a few too many lulls in the action and I'm used to seeing a big finale with everyone simultaneously doing their thing at the end but there was none here.See the show. If money is a concern, then try something else like Mystere.
5	besides the fact that i lost all my fucking money at the piece of shit bellagio this show was SO AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!i don't understand how anyone can give this less than 4 stars!the stage is huge, the acts were great, the songs were exciting, and the clowns were SO CUTE! let me tell you.. anything with water and fire is fucking exciting and if you think it's not then you live a sad life and you're lame as fuck.GO WATCH O!! it's worth the $22348230948293042.99 or however much you're paying for this show. :)
5	This was by far the best cirque show I've seen. The whole show transports you to another world. It's a little eerie and some of the acting is predictable but they have really amazing feats! I was holding my breath half the time. The stage and all the props were so intricate. It consisted of so many moving parts. At times, people just came underwater seemingly from nowhere. At every scene there was always a ton to look at. Not just the acrobats but side performers as well. Never a dull moment!We sat in the fifth row and seriously, these were great seats! Completely worth seeing up close.
5	This is the best show I have ever seen in my LIFE. It also helps that we got free FRONT ROW tickets from myvegas. The show was amazing, and getting splashed with water did not affect us. We still had a great time. The costume was amazing, the performers were great, and the photographer outside of the theater was amazing as well. All in All A+++++
5	Breathtaking, mind numbing and unforgettable. One of the best art experiences of my life.
5	My husband surprised me with tickets to this show for our anniversary. I am the one who usually likes show, musicals, etc. Sometimes I feel like he just watches them for me. He watched this one and was amazed. He loved it! I thought this was the BEST Cirque Du Soleil show I have seen thus far.
5	Yeah, unless you're a winning good live poker player, this is basically the only thing you should do when coming to Vegas (other than eating at a fancy restaurant). I'm going to spare you the math lesson on why the games are always favoring the house and focus on the show. No spoilers, but this show is very well choreographed and definitely worth every penny the ticket price.  Go see it, you will see why they call this the best show in Vegas. Also FYI, the three Asian girls are not triplets, they just look alike from afar. #notracistifyoureasian
4	Great show, starts off a little slow but then really picks up.  The entire water stage is amazing art all it's own
5	So you would have to be a real jerk to give this show a bad review so I will give it 5 stars. 5 stars because the water is amazing and the functionality of the stage and props not to mention the performers are again amazing. I have seen La Nouba, Love, Mystere, Zumanity, Totem and now O. They all get a 5 star review if you ask me but for the record this was not my favorite. This particular Cirque Du Soleil lacks the humor and the crowd interaction that some of the  other shows have. In the Vegas area I think Zumanity is my favorite and when it comes to the traveling shows I really liked Totem .
1	I purchased tix to this show while staying at the Bellagio. It was my anniversary and I wanted to do something nice for my wife.I figured I might be bored but I would suck it up for her. I didn't think we would both dislike it.First of all, it is grossly overpriced. I paid hundreds of dollars for each ticket. Let that sink in for a moment. For 2 tickets I could have made a mortgage payment. That's absurd. I understand the show is expensive to produce, but I expected more for the amount I paid.Basically it is a bunch of circus acts that perform around a pool. There is no story, few moments of wit or delight, and nothing to actually grab the viewer.There are elaborate costumes, but costumes do not a show make.My wife and I fell asleep during it. I wasn't trying to be rude. It just happened. I was embarrassed by it when I woke up and realized I'd passed out. But then I looked around and saw I was not the only one in my section. Seems like quite a few of us ponied up for a very expensive nap that night.No substance. At all. Go to ABSINTHE. It is much better than CIRQUE. And it has no pretension.
5	By far my favorite Cirque Show! It's changed over the years but always impresses me. They now perform over water, I don't remember this being the case years ago, but it's smart. Much safer for the performers.Every time I watch O, I'm disappointed in my parents for not putting me in gymnastics when I was younger! I watch in aw and envy. The performers are amazing! It's a magical show. Enjoy!
4	This was my first Cirque du Soleil and it was well worth it! The theater is gorgeous and the stage set-up is exceptional. Water flows through my veins, so it was a no-brainer to see this show first. Everything from buying tickets through to the show was seamless. There isn't really a rhyme or reason to the story, so it seems bizarre sometimes, but the acrobatics and diving are unbelievable. The costumes are colorful and bright. At times, there is so much going on, you don't know where to look. The stage is so intricate, with the performers disappearing in the pool, never surfacing.I would definitely see this show again. The Bellagio has done an exceptional job hosting this show.
3	Part of me has put off writing this review.Partly because I paid so much to see Cirque, and partly because it was late and I was tired.But truthfully. I did not enjoy O.Two of our party loved it. But they are also the two who are the most ADHD of the group. They love bouncing from thing to thing.Me? I enjoy a good story. O was incredibly hard to follow. It involved at any one point in time at least 8 or so storylines taking place all at the same time, characters thrown together on the same stage. Halfway through I gave up trying to follow and devolved into, "how pretty."I had cringed when a friend of mine told me her husband had fallen asleep while during O. But sadly I almost met the same fate, having to pinch myself to stay awake.My favorite part was indeed the clowns. I've seen Totem and loved it, most especially for the clowns, and O was no different.But all in all I can't recommend O. I'd say if you have the chance to choose a different Cirque show.
5	This is by far on my list of top 3 favorite Cirque shows. The water is mesmerizing, and all of the performers do amazing jobs! The theater is located in the back area of the beautiful Bellagio Hotel & Casino. I guess not the back-back....the upper corner? It's a little bit of a walk from the front lobby, but pretty easy to find. The price is a little steep for a ticket, but take my word for it - it's worth it! Here's my tip of the day: skip the higher priced orchestra level seats, where your view might be obstructed anyway by a taller person, and get seats in the loggia. No one in front of you, and you get a unique view of the theater. Be sure to take note of the ceiling, it's gorgeous!
5	We have seen this show 5 times and just about every other Cirque show - we consider it the BEST - Outstanding among outstanding choices....
5	Fascinating!! Jaw dropping!
5	This is an awesome show, such talented artists!
5	So worth the money! This was beautifully executed! It is like abstract performance art. Adding water to cirque meant adding synchronized swimming, diving, and jumping into the water in only ways that cirque performers can do. If you are looking for a unique, yet beautiful show in Vegas, this is definitely for you!
5	This was a great show to watch. Excellent water and aerobic performance! I would highly recommend anybody to come and watch this. The stage is huge!I will have to go and watch Ka next and see how that one plays out.
2	I know I might be crucified for this, but I really do not see why so many people give this show a 5 star review. Yes it has some nice acrobats, and yes the music is great, but the reality is, to me, to stands very short of other Cirque shows and some of the few non Cirque shows on the strip.  First off this is one of the most expensive shows and it always seems to sell out, or almost at least. So you'd expect it to be the best of them all. So there is a man on fire. So there are two clowns who take up twenty minutes of the show (in between sets, I assuming so the actors and change). And honestly that is all that I can think of that was amusing. Perhaps I have seen too many of these shows and expect too much.For a water show they really only used the pool as a set, to make ascetically pleasing, but other than that they fell very short on  the action and usage of the water. The whole show, to me, was full of dancing and a few actions that were cool, but mostly just the standard show of strength and what not. The boat scene, however, was the best part of the show, hands down, and if they had incorporated that throughout the show, then I would be able to see the hype. But I don't, and so I will say that the 'Other' water show on the strip is much better.
5	Indescribably speechless,  exhilarating,  fabulous, spectacular,  out of this world....and ....  Needless to say,  I've been watching acrobatic shows since I was a kid and never watch a show like "O"  where combined with acrobatic, humor, and live music which turned in to an unbelievable show close to what I call "Perfection".
5	I don't know how people can give this a bad review unless you don't know what you're going to see.  Maybe cirque du solleil isn't you thing; then go see a comedy show because you are wasting a seat.  The performers are amazing.  Yes the story line is weird and hard to follow but you aren't there for the story.  My wife was upset that I spent so much and tickets and she thought it was going to be stupid...but she quickly changed her mind.  She wants to go again.  This show gives the term O-face a new meaning.
5	This is certainly not my first Cirque du Soleil show. I have been to a number of them in the past and they are my absolute favorite! O is no exception. Loved it, loved it! The performances are so good that they keep you at the edge of your seat during the entire show. The costumes are excellent, the lighting and the music, just so perfectly synchronized. They also have a cute gift shop just outside the theatre.Highly recommend when you are in the Sin City.
2	We got the tickets super last minute because our companions weren't sure whether they wanted to spend so much on show tickets.  Also, we were debating whether to watch O or Ka.  We finally decided on O because we were intrigued by the water aspect.  We figured it was something that was hard to replicate somewhere else, so might as well seize the opportunity while we were in Vegas.  With regards to the ticket prices, we just got the cheapest tickets and ended up sitting on the last row of the middle balcony.  The opening sequence was breathtaking but halfway through the show, i had to pinch myself to keep from dozing off.  There was just so much going on onstage that it was hard to focus.  Can anyone say sensory overload? After a  while, I just found it repetitive.  I don't know if being so far back was also a factor why I struggled to stay awake; I felt detached from the entire thing.  The clown bit was boring.  There was no story line.  Some acts were too long.  Maybe I expected too much from my first Cirque du Soleil show.  Sad to say, I was let down.  Maybe we should have just watched Ka.
3	This is my third Cirque du Soleil show - I've watched Totem and Ka. While this was definitely the most whimsical and beautiful set (the stage was basically a huge pool) I felt that Ka was much better - in terms of storyline (O had zero storyline) and aerobatics stunts. O I felt was like watching one big synchronised swimming performance. Lovely but what's new? However, I did like the way the stage changes fluidly between sets. Some sets had dry land and some were all water... others was a mixture. The characters also has beautiful costumes and popped in and out of the water with such grace. The breathtaking high dives had us at the edge of our seats.I think a storyline would have helped tie the performance together better and made it easier for the audience to follow without "dozing off" as one Yelper put it. Tips for snacks: Don't get the mango freeze. It's way too sweet! Feels like drinking a pound of sugar. Pop-corn on the other hand was way too salty, almost as if they felt like they had to match the mango freeze's extreme levels of sugar just to be consistent.
1	I honestly don't know why people are giving this show 5 stars. The show was a complete mess. Throughout the entire show people were running around the set randomly while 3-4 different acts were also all happening all at the same time. It was impossible to figure out what the hell was happening. There was no storyline, it had boring music, was chaotic, and quite expensive. And to top it off, they added a couple clowns that spent 20 minutes performing random pointless "comical" acts that weren't even remotely funny.   The divers are extremely talented but unfortunately the show was pure chaos and a waste of time.
5	This show is spectacular.
3	Fell short of expectation for the price I paid. The acrobats were great but I did not catch the theme of the show.
5	Was nothing at all like what I thought it would be. No spoilers here.Incredible acrobatic show incorporating a lot of different elements.You won't regret seeing this show.
5	My all time favorite!  Best seen from lower level.  Top notch.  I would see it over and over again!
5	i felt like i was watching a dream of mine. the water and circus act was out of this world. this is my second show and both are different but loved this one with the water element. ka was my first and enjoyed as much.
5	This show was great! I've been to five other Cirque shows and this was one of the best. I can see why some people go to see it several times, because it is such a feast for the eyes that there is always somewhere new to look. I was so enthralled with the flooring alone! The show is almost 2 hours long, which I liked. It felt like I got my money's worth for the number of acts. If you are only going to see 1 show in Vegas, I highly recommend this one.
4	Located in the bellagio casino. Went to the 10pm show and it lasted at little over 1hr 30 min for the event. Price for me ordered through they're website was 130 per person. There is some higher prices and lower prices if need be...I took best available at the time of ordering. There is no bad seat in the place even in the far back you can see the show with no problems. I like the event very much for a Circe show. The talent is very good. I would say its and must see show. A++
5	I saw this specatacular show last night, i would trully reccomened it to anyone, but the only thing i would give a heads up to would be to take a nice coat, because it is insanely cold in there!
5	Amazing!! What they say about this show is really true! The acrobatics are phenomenal but the set design including the unbelievable pool that basically appears and disappears is like living in a fantasy world. The costumes provide even more visual interest and the music is live and keeps your attention throughout the show. It may seem expensive for a 90 minute show, but the work, talent, and artistry that goes into every second of the performance is worth every penny. We booked the day of the show (on a Wed.) and we got 15% off at the box office for tickets in the front orchestra.
5	This was incredible!Tickets were a bit pricey, but my fiancee and I went to the Bilagio  and found the ticket desk. They gave us an additional 15% off of our ticket if we chose the evening show (I'm guessing they were trying to fill up the arena), so our tickets were roughly $135 each, but it was worth every penny.When the show starts they do a fantastic job of getting you involved in the performance (not physically, of course), but you find yourself lost in the show. There's so much going on at one time, sometimes it's hard to see everything, but it's so beautiful and the acrobatics were incredible!If you could see only one show in Vegas, I'd absolutely recommend "O"!
5	Not only was the show stunning, the ushers were great too. When one of them saw my vertically-challenged gf straining to see over the railing, she came over to us and said, "hang on, honey, I'm gonna get you a cushion." She quickly returned with a comfy looking booster seat. That's some proactive, friendly service! The show itself was fantastic. It's hard to find cheap tickets to this one for a reason. It was the most impressive cirque show I've seen so far, and didn't have any obnoxious gay jokes like some of their other shows.
5	THE BEST SHOW I HAVE EVER BEEN TO!The tickets are a pricey for sure.. made me think whether it was necessary.. but lemme tell u that it was worth every cent! The show is around for two hours, so you may wanna hit the restrooms before..and if you aren't well rested you might feel its a little slow..but i'm glad i wasn't in any of the former situations so i actually got to enjoy every moment of it..( wouldn't say the same for my husband though)..Such amazing acrobatics seen.. and the risk taken would make your heart skip a beat..Try not missing out any, as there were lots of sequences.. all happening at the same time on different parts of the stage..its a little hard to keep up most of the times..Oh ..and the music..it was not until the last we noticed the music was live too.. really thought it was some prerecorded tape. .So if you aren't in Vegas for much longer, and you really wanna sit and relax for one evening rather than shopping or walking through the casinos.. i would ask you to see the show once.. #DontMissOut #WorthIt
4	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show and I was impressed by the performance overall. There were some crazy acrobatic moves going down that left me in awe. We got amazing center, 4th row seats using our M-Life card discount!The only thing I didn't like about this performance was the lack of storyline, and sometimes it seemed like too much random stuff was going on. But it is a circus show, after all!I do recommend people to watch this. It's something entertaining, different, and this really encouraged me to watch the rest of the Cirque du Soleil shows.
5	This is the best Cirque show I have seen.  From the set to the performers, it is one of the best ever.  The water effects are tremendous.  Don't go anywhere else until you have seen this and la reve.  Skip the Beatles until you go here.  You won't be disappointed.
5	This is my second Cirque du Soleil show and I loved it. Although I didn't fully understand the story plot, I was just fully immersed in all the acrobatics and water action.The prices do seem a bit pricey, but you can always do some search online and find random deals for as much as 20% off. So this does help a bit.Also, there is no intermission and it's a full 1.5 hours so plan on not going to the bathroom or anything until after the show.Some of the "fillers" just didn't fit at all into the whole O experience, but I guess they have to do what they need to do, to get the real acrobats where they need to be. But at least the fillers didn't take up too much time and did not distract you from the main show.Overall, it was a great experience. I would definitely do this again after I see a few more other Cirque shows just for comparison.Again, go search for some discounts online!!!
5	Beautiful chaos!   It was spectacular. There were a couple moments where I felt there was too much going on because I couldn't look at everything.  We had great seats. Section 102, row N, seats 14 & 15.  The stunts, acribats, costumes, music, it's all wonderful!   Getting the audience involved, runnning through the audience,  and swinging into the audience. Just a breathtaking performance by all.  The amount of work that goes in backstage, and under water in this case, must be amazing.  Looks like a great group of people working here. The show is almost two hours but seems like only a few minutes. You are mesmerized the entire time. There are floor changes before you even know what's happening. Characters pop up out of nowhere. My favorite may have been the diving group. It was fun, upbeat, and daring. I think there is probably a uniqueness to each time this show is performed. I would love to see it again and catch the differences. A must see at some point while coming to Vegas.  A tip:  get seats more towards the middle. If you go too far to the sides you don't get to see it in its entirety. If you go too far up you lose details (and there's tons).  If you go too far down you may get wet!  We paid in the 180 each range but it was worth it.
5	I will never forget the first time I went to a Cirque show. It was way back in the early 90s when most people (at least in the U.S.) had never heard of the troupe - including me. I was visiting a friend in NYC and her dad gave us tickets. When I looked at them I thought $120 was an awful lot of moola for a silly circus. As I approached the Big Top in Battery Park I began to understand something was different. I think the show was Quidam (or maybe Alegria). I left memorized and with a bagful of expensive Cirque merch as I was certain I would never see anything as amazing again. Now, after having seen countless Cirque shows (both touring and those permanently housed in Las Vegas) I can say that "O" is definitely one of the top 3 Cirque shows ever!It's hard to believe that Cirque could outdo itself in terms of creativity; however, they succeeded with "O." So much so that I have now seen it twice and was even more impressed the second time around. "O" is Cirque meets Water Ballet. I can't think of any other way to describe it. Amazing acrobatics, beautiful costumes and body paint, diving extravaganza....overall surreal serenity. Think vivid imagery similar to those in the film "What Dreams May Come." Just doesn't seem real...more like a splendid dream. The theater inside the Bellagio was custom built to accommodate this very special show. The performers utilize this "circular" theater by performing on the "stage," as well as the rest of the house (keep your eyes open up and down the isles). Somewhat interactive. On both occasions, my husband and I purchased tickets in section 102 in the "wet zone." Fantastic seats and only a few small splashes of water here and there. No worries. And, if you want to spend a little less money, I can't imagine there being a bad seat in the house. JOUIR!
5	Beautifully done, the water effect can make you sleepy! So be sure to rest prior to arrival. Balcony seats are nice but you lose the effect of the show seeing the "behind the scenes" of the water underneath. A magnificent show that combines Cirque Du Soleil with water in ways that seem unimaginable.
5	Although it would be cool to sit in the "water" section my husband and I sat in the balcony which is a must for this show. You can clearly see all the water acts from above, which made this experience even better then if we were to sit in the front row. Great acrobatics and amazing visually. Can't wait to see another.
5	How can you give this show less than 5 stars?  Perhaps I'm just easily amused, but I loved everything about the show from the way they opened the curtain, to the way they closed the curtain.  The price of the tickets compared to other shows, combined with the fact that it seems to be sold out quite often, suggests I'm not the only one who loves the show.  I hear that some people don't like chocolate though, so I guess everyone has different tastes.My wife and I had seats that were in the front row in the very corner, so we missed a bit of the show before they opened the curtain because our view was blocked.  I was a bit annoyed at first, but quickly became involved in the rest of the show and the 2 minutes I couldn't see didn't really amount to much.  I think the location of our seats in the first row really emphasized how high the aerial performers were and possibly made the stage seem that much more impressive.I found every bit of the show to be "world class" as another reviewer said, and since learning that the music was performed live, I am once again blown away as their performance was flawless to my ears.  Because of our location in the theater we could not see the musicians.Even after spending several hours on planes earlier in the day, and waking up at midnight Las Vegas time that day (meaning we had been awake for approximately 19 and a half hours when the show started) we were not lulled to sleep as other reviewers were.The tickets may be pricey for some, and the $108 we paid for each ticket is not small change to me.  It was worth every penny.  In a town where you can spend hundreds on dinner or a couple of hours gaming, it seems like a downright good valu.  So, eat at McDonalds, stay away from the slots for an hour, do whatever you have to do to see "O."  It will be much more memorable than the steak you skipped to see it.
5	This is the 3rd time I've seen this show and I literally cry when it ends. There is no real theme, and like most circus acts, there is a lot going on. The music, the theatrics w the water and the cast all have this chemistry that practically hypnotizes the audience and raises this show over the other Cirque du Soleil shows.  It's beautifully choreographed. Even with this being my 3rd time seeing, the show is always fresh with something new to see. If this show ever closes in Las Vegas, I'm afraid I won't have another reason to return. This show deserves 10 stars!
5	This was my first Cirque Du Soleil show so I didn't know what to expect or how to compare it to the other shows, but it was AMAZING!! Since then I've also seen Le Reve and don't think it's as good as O.This show is very acrobatics focused. There is no story but every scene is is like a tiny story, if you will. I really liked the live singers in the booth on the right side of the stage, and the clown scenes were pretty funny too.Some parts of the show were kind of creepy/weird but still very cool; like one of those real circuses. There was always so much going on I wish I could watch everything at once, but there are just too many people doing too many different things at once. I guess it is part of the overall effect, though.There are a couple of surprising scenes involving "audience interactions", but I won't spoil it for you. The way they open and close the curtains was very innovative and unexpected and fit very well with the whole show. Overall I would definitely come again!! So worth the money!TIP: find seats near the middle/upper sections. You'll be able to see everything going on on stage and won't have to crane your neck to see the first performer descend from the ceiling!
5	Amazing show! My husband and I went for our "date night" on our vacation, away from the group. The stage was incredible how it one minute was a deep pool, then suddenly it was the stage. Performers did great and the clowns are too funny!!!!! They take pictures when you walk in so after the show you can get a great souvenir of you and your loved ones. $75 - a little pricey but I thought the moment was worth it.Snacks and adult beverages available which was nice!
5	OMG if you like Cirque, too much O could give you a big O of your own. The stunts are death-defying, the diving is amazing, and the elaborate water-based stunts are just amazing. The tickets are expensive but they're expensive for a very good reason. If you can only see one Cirque show, this is it!
1	I so often am helped by Yelper reviews. I hope this one will help others not to make my mistake in seeing " O" at Bellagio. I am giving "O" only 1 star because  this is reflective of my experience in a restricted view seat. The show looks fabulous, I hope to see it again, but in a reasonable seat. If you ask at the ticket office,  they may tell you what they told me--that the restricted view seats, priced at $120 each, only block you from some performer entrances and you sit right next to the seats that cost $180 each. This is absolutely not true. My experience suggests to me the center sections are the ones to sit in, whether close to the stage or far. You need to see the entire spectacle. I think its probably a great show but honestly i missed most of it due to the seating. I accept responsibility for taking the risk but, honestly, i think they really should not sell the seat they sold me--at least without being more transparent about how much view is restricted.
5	Quite simply the best Cirque Du Soleil show and a must see if you like their shows. The set is absolutely amazing as is the performance!
2	Let's just say I spent $160 on my ticket and it was worth no more than $75 at best.  I was expecting something amazing with how much I spent and instead I wish I would have gone to something else.  The show just has random things going on all over the place and it just didn't seem that miraculous as everyone claims .
5	Amazing! Definitely worth sitting in the circle- expensive but the show is so entertaining it is worth it.
2	I went to the 7/18 10pm showing. It started out great and I was very impressed with the swimming acts. However my experience was ruined by the technical difficulties about 3/4 of the show. They made us wait over 20 minutes then told us we would get a refund then turn around and said the issues were resolved. Once the show began again it only lasted another 10 minutes. It felt like an abrupt ending and I guess I'll never know if they skipped out on other acts due to "technical difficulties" they didn't want to tell us. Even though the show was great in the beginning, my experience was ruined overall. I was really bummed because I heard great things about the show but the ending just felt rushed and had too many issues.
5	Great show overall.Some things unique to this show (that you probably would not see in traveling shows).Diving.  This was throughout but they had high diving and then acrobatic diving.The stage.  Really cool to see how it could change water levels and close quickly.Overall, I liked this show more than other Cirque shows because it had only two clown skits (both were funny (or supposed to be funny-I do not find clowns funny) and the story was easier to follow (realizing the story is not that important).The trapeze was great.  The only thing missing was those webs of people on the ground balancing on each other.
5	Great show! We went two days ago and we loved every second of the show it was incredible next time i'll go see another one
5	Amazing! The best show I have ever seen. My boyfriend and I have now committed to seeing any and every cirque show that we can. They incorporate an entire water show into this one and the entire thing leaves you speechless. It was incredible. The sets are breathtaking and the performers are unbelievable. Definitely a must see!
5	This was my first show in Vegas and my first show of this kind.  Now I understand or see where the people on all of the talent shows go to perform and show their skills.  This might sound cheesy but I am admitting that this was something completely new to me.  The incredible acrobatic skills and feats of strength and flexibility are just a few of the amazing acts shown throughout the show.  This semi-aquatic show is extremely impressive and is really worth all of the money.  Of all of the things that you can spend money on in Vegas I would argue that seeing a show like this is probably the best spent.  You won't have any regret in spending your hard earned dollars on some of the most magnificent displays of art and talent.  The amount of hard work and planning that goes into a show like this well exceeds the price of your ticket.  This hour and a half or so show will keep you engaged throughout with audience participation and comedic aspects.  The stage itself is tremendously impressive and the engineering that goes into it has to be intricate.  During the show the stage rises and lowers providing different levels of water where underwater acts are performed.  It is truly phenomenal.  I don't really need to or want to go into detail of any of the acts but I can promise this show will not leave you disappointed.
5	Fantastic show! This is our favorite cirque show yet and cannot be missed. Be sure you book your seats far in advance as they go quickly. We sat on the loggia and had a great view of everything. The price for this show is a little more but once you see it you will understand the complexity involved and that it is definitely worth it!
5	I don't know what some of the illiterate idiots here are complaining. They must work for some other venues or something. you must be cultural and pay attention to every detail from the moment you walk in. Start by observing ceiling. Its a pretty impressive start and sign of things to come. I saw this show at least 15 times, just recently 2 weeks ago. IT NEVER GETS OLD AND IF ANYTHING, IT GETS MORE AMAZING EVERY TIME. ATTENTION IS IN DETAILS. It's expansive compared to others and there are ABSOLUTELY NO DEALS TO BE FOUND AS ITS ALWAYS SOLD OUT WEEK OR SO BEFORE,,,,,, BUT ITS WELL WORTH THE ADMISSION. if you're worried about $180 or so for the each best seat, maybe you should not be in Vegas or,,,,,, go to some other cheap and cheesy dinner and show specials for about $30!!!! WHILE OTHERS HAVE COME AND LONG GONE,,,,, "O" KEEPS GOING FOR 20 YEARS STRONG!!!! BRAVO!!!!!
1	Paid about $380 for two tickets to this show.  This is the MOST DISAPPOINTING show I have ever seen Waste of time and money.  All you see is people running around aimlessly on stage. Really? Is that entertainment?  No story line. No organization. Chaos on stage as various people are doing their own thing. the acrobats were okay. Maybe because we recently show similar stunts at Sea World. Then there were the pathetic clowns who hit each other with a toy hammer. Really? Did I pay $190 to see clowns doing this? I can go and see this at the local $10 circus. My wife and I got up and left early before the show was even over. That is how bad it was. The state was impressive as Water filed the stage at various times. However, that is technology. Its not entertainment.  I have lose all faith in Cirque De Soleil after witnessing this travesty.
5	How do you describe something so indescribable? Was it a waking dream? A dance of acrobatics and artistry married together? Whatever it was, it was truly stunning. I went to Vegas to see O specifically selecting seats in the center and out of the splash zone. I have seen numerous Cirque shows, but this one captivated me. Even my uncertain friend was amazed after seeing O. He typically hates the artistic stuff, not in for acrobatic splendor and remarked how awesome it truly was at the end. Since it was his first Cirque show I am afraid all others will pale. The O theater is gorgeous and very comfortable. The show truly was magnificent, inspiring, and lovely. It was seamless, effortless looking, and fascinating. The performers kept my attention every second and I recommend O to anyone and everyone even if I find I can only describe it in adjectives. Go, see it, become mesmerized!
5	The word is WOW!  I thought I was dreaming!  It was an incredible show and would definitely recommend it to fellow yelpers, friends and family.  Some of their stunts, I had to hold my breath!  It was AMAZING!
5	Having been to Ka, Mystere and Love, we decided on this as our next Cirque experience. It did not disappoint.The show is a technical masterpiece. The stage morphs from a solid floor to a deep pool and to everything in between seamlessly. The show alternates from the comedic to the visually spectacular. The olympic level divers and gymnasts amaze.We bought tickets for the top level to the side of the stage where there is only a single row of seats after reading recommendations from others and agree that this offered the best overall experience of being able to appreciate the intricate water ballet moments and all of the aerial acrobatics. You do smell the chlorine though.
5	A mid-summer night dream come true.  through the rabbit hole to your wildest fantasy, indescribably amazing ~!!!
5	O - for OUTSTANDING!!!  We had Loggia seats and literally hung on the rails in delight throughout this entire production!  It was amazing to see the action from above the pool, gaining the view of the show and performers as well as the spectacular technical achievements of the pool and submerged stages.  Best we have seen!  Worth every penny!
5	I saw both "O" and "Michael Jackson One" this past week.  They were both amazing.  "O" was more acrobatic and "One" was more dancing but still with amazing acrobatic feats.  They are both so different and dont really deserrve a comparison.  They stand alone and they are equal of a 5 star rating.   They both left me saying "WOW" many times for different reasons.  "One" has more of an emotional impact for obvious reasons.  If you have seen neither, I would say see either or both-either way-you will be left amazed at the expertise of the people on stage and the amazing production.  They are spectacles to be hehold.  I would see either one again in a heartbeat.  Money well spent for something you will likely never see anywhere else in the world.
2	Paid $130 per person for the highest seats. Expensive and you couldn't see everything. I expected the O to be the best show of Cirque du Soleil because it's in the Bellagio and it's very expensive. But after seeing most of the Cirque du Soleil shows, I highly recommend going to see LeReve at the The Wynn. I got front orchestra seats for same price as the super back seats of the O and the show was WAY better!
5	A.MAZING SHOW!  My husband and I have been a couple of times now, and this show is my favorite Cirque du Soleil show thus far.  The water shows always add extra mystery to what's going to happen next.  The show has humor, romance, and acrobatics that will make your jaw drop.  Can't wait to go a third time!
5	The BEST Cirque du Soleil show in Las Vegas. Other aqua shows in Vegas can't compare (I don't think I need to mention names here).  I saw this show in 2009 and I can't wait to see it again.The music was great as well.
5	Other than the clown element, I really enjoyed O.  Fire, water, and acrobatics all made for an enjoyable performance.  However, if there was a story, I had no idea what it was.  But to be fair, we sat in the VIP suites at the back of the theater.  Private suites that seat four (although we had only two in our party) with a bottle of champagne, chocolate-covered strawberries and truffles.  So I probably spent more time counting how many chocolates my husband was taking over his 50% than paying attention.The private entrance came in handy when my husband claimed he set an alarm for 6 pm and yet I woke up at 7:10 wondering why I was so well-rested.  After the fastest costume change ever, we literally ran to the theater and arrived just after it started, but did not disturb anyone.  The cocktail server whisked in just behind us to open the champagne.  I was miffed at my husband for missing the chance to get our photo, but a photographer came to our suite before I had a chance to start bitching.  Sadly, the $335 per ticket price did not include a photo, which I looked hideous in, but yet I still felt compelled to buy both for $90 so I could study at my leisure which one was less ghastly.  I am just grateful he told me to pose in such a way to hide the arm fat.  I later got an email that I could buy a digital download which I would have rather done to begin with so I could work my wonders with Photoshop.  So before you buy a photo with the stupid album you might not want anyway, ask if you can just fill out the card with your email address for the download.  I probably wouldn't see O again, but I thought it was a great show and really enjoyed the suite!
5	Aunque conozcas Cirque su Soleil, "O" es absolutamente espectacular, el juego de agua y el escenario lo hacen sorprendente. Si vienes a las Vegas debes conocerlo
5	Enjoyed my first viewing of "O" tonight. Certainly one of the best Cirque du Soleil productions and one of the best shows on the Strip, and also a special night for me.I was lucky enough to enjoy VIP seating. My +1 and I did have to stand in line at the ticket booth and in line to get through the doors, but we were attended to quite well when we entered the theater. They showed us to our private VIP seating area, which we ended up sharing with two other VIPs (four per booth). Did I mention VIP? OK, good!One of the employees presented our wine bottle corresponding to our previously selected red wine. It was a delicious Faust Cabernet Sauvignon 2011 (the ticket said 2010, but I'll forgive them), one of the best wines I've enjoyed in my admittedly limited experience. They let my +1 taste it and then poured when we were satisfied. Afterward, we got to enjoy the entire bottle, even to the point that they provided, without asking, plastic cups for us to enjoy the rest of the contents of the bottle after the show. Damn, I'm glad that I wore something decent instead of the usual shorts and T-shirt.They also had a nice selection of chocolates for us to enjoy, (Look, I know you probably want me to talk about the show itself, but there's plenty of reviews about those, and not a lot of reviews that say "VIP," so just indulge me for another paragraph.) For each pair of VIPs, were two chocolate-covered strawberries and four chocolate truffles (hazelnut, dark chocolate, mint chocolate, and some unknown fruit). The strawberries were delicious, as were their chocolate coverings, and the truffles had really great chocolate with flavorful creamy fillings. I actually have no idea what I was thinking when I declined the employee's post-show offer to shower us with more chocolate. I am sure that I would have enjoyed them as much as I did the first time.So, the show. Lots of great live music. Creative use of the water, the rising and falling stage floor, the backdrops, and all the suspended props and apparatuses. Great acrobatics, strength, twirling, and contortion acts. My favorites were what I call the "pendulum airship" and some of the fire spinners. The acts were interspersed with performances from the clowns, who of course are funny. Also enjoyed the supporting actors and performers (including some audience plants, although lucky real audience members do get to participate too) who move the play along and provide lively background.There is often so much to pay attention to that you'll miss things, so there will be plenty to see if you return for another viewing. On a VIP seating note, we had seats in the "Loggia 200" area, above the very outer edge of the lower bowl, and while it was harder to see details of costume and facial expressions and whatnot, I thought that it was easier to keep all the action in line of sight than if we had been sitting a lot closer. I really wonder how people with balcony (nosebleed) seating handled their circumstance. One more VIP note: it's surprisingly a lot more relaxing when you can stretch and lean forward and wave your arms around without worrying about obstructing other people's line of sight.Coming in to this, I had in mind a previous show that I've also seen once. This is a different animal than Le Reve, which is a non-Cirque production. I think both shows make great use of their performers and their space. There is a lot of vertical and horizontal space utilization in both. You can say that both have good music, dancing, comedy, and lots of water usage. If I had to choose just one, I would probably take a long time to think about it and choose "O" in the end, but you should check both out if you get the chance.
5	Best Cirque Du Soleil show in Las Vegas!If you are deciding on a show to see in Las Vegas you cannot go wrong with O. Put simply, go see it! It's close to impossible to be disappointed with this masterpiece.O on paper and by word of mouth  throughout the local Las Vegas community is rated one of the best shows to ever hit the strip and 2 minutes into it you will see why.. Acrobatics, synchronize swimming, pyrotechnics, diving  and comedy are parts of the show that will leave you amazed. Without throwing spoilers into this review I will say you will see a character in a bathtub rowing across a pool and blowing fire. Now if that doesn't get wanting to see more I don't know what else will.The best new seats in the house are the new VIP balcony booths. I highly recommend getting this as you will have your own wait staff, drinks and something to nibble throughout the show. The views are  also incredible.The show is just under 2hrs long so make sure you have either eaten or gone to the bathroom before as it's a thrill a second. I can't say enough without spoiling it. Highly recommended.OverallDrinks: 5-5Service: 5-5Entertainment value: 5-5See it again: Yes in a heart beat
1	I don't get it. I really don't. What is all the hype about with this show?O is considered to be one of the top shows in Vegas but I found it to be the worst show I've seen so far. And I've seen about a dozen shows in Vegas.Granted, the stage is amazing but the show itself is terribly boring. It mainly consists of glorified synchronized swimming and diving, 2 sports I avoid watching during the Summer Olympics. So why should I pay $150 a ticket to watch it live?There was an act where a half dozen performers swung around on some wire grid in and took turns diving into the water. After they were done, they posed and waited for applause. For what, I have absolutely no clue. Anyone could have done what they did.Even the clowns weren't funny. All of their jokes were painfully obvious.I had never been as bored in a show as much as I was in O and considering its high price tags, I was very disappointed. If you're looking for a Cirque show in Vegas, One, Mystere and Ka are all better by far.O may have been amazing when it opened about 15 years ago but now it lacks any kind of creativity, energy and awe factor. It was a giant waste of time.
5	I wished Bellagio had an electroshock therapy vendor to administer temporary memory loss.  That way I could forget about every other Cirque show I've seen and "O" would blow my mind like it did the first time I saw it in 2002.  Sign me up and please hand me that rubber thing that stops me from biting my tongue.The writer and director of the show, Franco Dragone, is freakin brilliant!  How in the world does one conceptualize a show like this and then explain to others how it's all supposed to work without being shoved into a windowless van with a one way trip to the funny farm?  I can only imagine the conversations he had before it got the green light:Dragone: "So honey, it'll be a stage that will change from a big assed pool with 1.5 million gallons of water and back into a dry stage that can be walked on  throughout the show.  And then there will be a ton of synchronized swimmers and the theatre is going to look like a 14th century opera house.  I was thinking during dinner last night that there should be a guy in the show that will set himself on fire."Mrs. Dragone: "Yes, dear. (rolls eyes)  Don't forget to mow the lawn tomorrow.  We have company this weekend."    Later in the day....Dragone: "Aerialists! Clowns! Contortionists! Trapeze! People on a Russian swing and swimmers everywhere!  Sometimes it will all happen at the same time!  Lots of leotards too!"Dragone's ex-college roommate: "Yeah, yeah.  Sounds sweet.  Pass the bong already."Sure, there are detractors that say it's too pretentious and artsy fartsy.  I wholeheartedly disagree.  After all these years, "O" is still inspiring, a welcome escape from reality, and a "can't miss" show in town.
5	'O' my heavens!With many of the Cirque du Soleil shows in Vegas, O rises to the occasion with an amazing show.  The setup is similar to the others in town with many different talents showcased for enthused audiences.  With the water aspect being the center theme, it opens up a multitude of stage variations.  One moment it is a solid stage... then next it's an open pool of water.  Incredible to see!I was given the opportunity to experience the new VIP suites.  Pretty incredible with a perfect view.  Chocolate covered strawberries and truffles are waiting for you!  You have a waitress there to assist the entire evening.  She is there for any drink or food orders.  She was so polite and friendly.  Her service was impeccable! O is definitely one of my favorites and would love to see it again!
4	Outstanding show, opulent theater, outrageously talented performers: that's O!I've been wanting to see this show since my first visit to Vegas and the wait was well worth it. Show itself was amazing, the characters and scenes made me think of a Dali panting brought to life. As at other Cirque shows, there is little to no story line- this show seems to be more of a dreamlike world and I enjoyed the mostly instrumental music. The introductory scene is always a can't-miss moment: from the oddball characters interacting with the audience prior to start, to the way the opaque red curtains are removed to show the unique stage. The various stage transitions were by far the most unique aspect of this show specifically- I now have much more respect for my former college roommate, who was a synchronized swimmer.Favorite performances were the girl balanced on her head (you'll know her when you see her), the endless ladder going up to the ceiling, and the black-and-white-striped dancers with the metal rack- think Jabbawockeez on steroids, in midair, over water.If you ever have the opportunity to see this show with VIP tickets, it is quite a luxe experience with a great view that allows you to see the entire stage without the constant neck-swiveling to make sure you don't miss anything.
4	I'm a Cirque du Soleil fan. They make everything seem so easy. The core strength of the performers is just remarkable and awe-inspiring. The first time I watched "O" was 10 years ago with my little cousin - we were sitting in front and center. It's a wholesome show and safe to watch with kids. I still have the music CD to this show. I got to watch it again on date night. VIP tickets include seats to the VIP suite, bottle service, chocolate bon bons and chocolate covered strawberries - which made the experience more exquisite. Nothing has really changed since the first time I've seen "O"This show involves clowns that won't scare/annoy you, zebras, live music, whips, boats, unicycles, carousel horses, synchronized swimming, trapeze, ladders, fire and dream-like elements. There were a few hiccups during the performance which the boyfriend found amusing since you don't see that all the time.One of these days when my core is as solid as a rock and bones removed from my body, I'll join CdS. They make yoga look like child's play.
5	Love.. Check.Ka.... Check.Mystere.... Check.Zarkana... Check."O"... I can now check this one of my Cirque du Soleil list! This particular Cirque show was simply O-utstanding!  If you're stuck trying to decided between the slew of Cirque options in Vegas.....I would suggest you see "O" or Love - they're tied for my top spot. I do feel that Love offers more pizzazz  in the acrobatic realm. However, "O"  delivers an elegant and artistically refined performance that will not disappoint. The focus of this aquatic themed show is the breathtaking aerial acrobatics, synchronized swimming, spectacular diving, and a bit of humor. As other reviewers have stated, the stage seamlessly transitions from a pool to a solid surface throughout the performance. It is quite magical. There is so much to see during the performance that you won't know what to look at. The showmanship of the performers is breathtaking!Go ahead and Treat-Yo-Self to this show. It's worth it. It's Vegas. You'll love it.
4	The only Cirque show I had seen before was KA, and that was really good. The O show was very impressive as well. The different is that (besides O is water themed) is that O doesn't try to tell a story with the performances, and the stunts while impressive and expertly choreographed, I just think KA was slightly better.O stage is really impressive, many moving parts to the "pool" platform, and lots of crazy dives and acrobatics. Highly recommended, too. Limited view seating starts at 120$ and are actually pretty good seats. I dont think there was really any "bad" seats. Even limited view seating which starts at $120 is worth it.Tix4Tonight usually won't have O, so you need to go to the Bellagio directly.
5	This show was Amazing so amazing. I plan on seeing it again. I understand now why the ticket prices are on the steep side. Worth it.
4	I liked this show very much.  I don't think it's as good as Le Reve at the Wynn, but it is still outstanding.  I especially love the use of water for this show.  The stunts are spectacular.  The price point is kind of high, but it is worth it.  The story was easy to follow.  I would see this again.
2	Everyone says this is the show to go to. I went to it for my first experience of Cirque du Soleil and was so bored. You watch people dive into water for an hour and a half, not really something that could hold my attention.
5	Never....in my life....have I experienced such a breathtaking show.  It is beyond amazing.....honestly...you cannot skip this show if you go to Vegas.  I've been to Vegas 2-3 times a year for the last 8 years or so and have never been.  I think due to the $180 price tag attached.  I finally said screw it and decided to pay the money....and I kick myself for not paying sooner.  Simply.....amazing.  Nuff said.
4	It's a beautiful show but not entirely worth the $185 I paid to sit in one of the first rows. It is impressive but at about half the price, Mystere is a more focused, immersive experience with more awe-inducing acrobatics. At times I felt there was too much going on and lost focus and it made me somewhat check out of the show, whereas Mystere really locks you in and keeps the viewer engaged.
5	It"s  amazing show,you cannot skip this show if you go to Vegas.Performers did great .The show has humor,romance and acrobatics,really cool.Worth every penny!
5	Still in awe! Las Vegas, more than anything to me, means theater, and this performance was the very best of the best. The talent, creativity, choreography, staging, music, costumes - everything was outstanding! Save what money you had planned to spend in the casino (or just spend your winnings, you lucky duck) and buy a ticket!
5	very impressed! mesmerizing show that is very different from the other cirque du soleil shows. I loved the water part & especially the fire eater guy. well worth the price! I would see this one again.
5	Absolutely amazing. The tickets are expensive but worth it. It's definitely worth paying a little more for the lower sections, but being super close isn't really necessary. There is so much going on to see you'll be entertained from almost any view.
5	Amazing!! Was 4 rows back right in the middle and was better than any other seat. If you want to get a few sprinkles go on the first 2 rows;). Loved everything a wonderful mix of comedy and the wonderful acrobatics !! A must see!!
5	Absolutely amazing!! Very unique and keeps you at the edge of your seat. I don't know how many times I said, "Wow!" We were on the 2nd row - the supposed splash zone, but we didn't get wet at all. So glad we were up close and personal! I loved the clowns, too. I got to play with them in the spotlight and take home their inner tube!
4	I saw Cirque du Soleil's "O" tonight.The theatre is beautiful!I had seen "Kurios" a couple weeks ago in Toronto and was looking forward to seeing this one ... and I wasn't disappointed.  It is similar with lots of acrobatics, balancing, singing, clapping, laughs and more ... but on and in water!  It was amazing how they made the water appear (becoming a deep pool) and then disappear (becoming a stage).  And it was fun the way swimmers would suddenly appear in the water and then disappear again (without climbing out of the pool).
5	I'm not a huge fan of Cirque shows, but "O" was impressive. When I'm sitting there in awe, wondering how the hell they're doing all this stuff, they deserve no less than 5 stars. I couldn't believe the amount of physical strength and discipline that goes into a show like this. There's no storyline, but it actually didn't bother me. The acrobatic feats and dives were amazing enough to keep me interested. The clowns were also not that annoying either. What I appreciate most about Cirque shows is the ability to convey a message without using words, so everyone can understand- and the clowns do that well.Like other Cirque shows, there's usually a lot going on at one time, so you have to pay attention! I nearly missed one of the acrobats balancing on her head on a trapeze bar in mid-air because I was so focused on what was happening on the stage below. Besides water, they also use fire in several of their acts. I loved how they pulled people from the audience just like "The Simpsons" parody of Cirque- made me laugh!I would recommend a seat in the lower orchestra area. There was maybe a $25 price difference between upper and lower, and it was worth it. Check prices directly from the Bellagio website and look for the tickets offered at a 15% discount for certain showtimes.
5	Phenomenal show! So enchanting and breathtaking! I didn't know circ had shows with water involved but it was very entertaining. $130 were cheaper tickets with taxes and fees. Totally worth it, I would certainly recommend it and even would go again.  You get what you pay for and more!
5	This is a great show! I had the opportunity of watching the show twice within the past 4 months, which is awesome! I really enjoyed the show the first time I watched it. It was amazing and I was mesmerized. There were technically difficulties that day, so I missed the last 10 min of the show. They did a separate ending, and I wondered if there was something else that was suppose to be there.  I was mesmerized throughout the entire show. The second time I saw the show, it wasn't as amazing since I already knew everything that was going to happen. I am the type of person that does not like the clown bits in the show. I do not think they're funny, and I dislike them! I get that they're for comic relief, and scene changes, but still! All in all, it truly is a mesmerizing show, and I am amazed at all the amazing cool acrobatic tricks that these people do.
4	Because this is a Cirque du Soleil show I just CANNOT give it less than four stars because I am a diehard fan. There are things I loved about this show and things I was incredibly disappointed in. Loved:1) impressive stage and amazing technology2) the backbending acrobats3) the swimmers and divers4) the costumery5) the innovative imageryDisappointed:1) Total absence of storyline. Listen, I know what you're thinking: I just didn't "get it." I ASSURE you there was NOTHING to get. This is my third soleil show that I've seen and the storylines in the other two shows were deep, complex, emotional and full of substance and interpretive messages. This show had practically nothing to analyze or think about. It requires absolutely no intellectual depth. This is a HUGE disappointment2) good god with the choreographed splashing. I mean seriously. It was awkward, repetitive and completely NOT artfully executed.3) absence of non-harnessed aerial performers. I do aerial silk classes as a hobby and I so look forward to watching a professional performance of this and there was NONE. Essentially every aerialist was harnessed and controlled with technological movement. Now I'm not saying that makes the strength and talent less impressive, but certainly there should be SOME amount of pure technology-free performing going on. I would like to focus on the talents of the performers not the pulleys and wires.4) the price. This is the most expensive Cirque du Soleil show I've seen. And it is also my least favorite. FYI- you can see practically the entire show on Netflix in the Worlds Away movie. True story. Honestly, I wanted to like this so much more than I did. But having said that, I mean it is a moving piece of art. It has some imagery that is unforgettable. It is not a waste of money to see but it really could benefit from a subtle but consistent storyline. The art of Richard MacDonald in the Bellagio outside the O Theatre is a MUST-SEE. Even if u skip the show. This exhibit is just glorious and should not be missed by anyone with even a minimal appreciation for visual art.
4	** O is a breathtaking show that utilizes a stage that magically fills up with water. The circus acts were elegant, albeit a tad boring. Ticket prices are high. **My 6th Cirque Du Soleil show! I haven't written a review in over a month. Please excuse my lackadaisical behavior, Yelpers and Yelpettes, I can no longer ingest anything fried, salty, meaty, carby or sweet. Says who? My bladder. So what's the point of living? Well... I've been asking myself that too. It's been tough kids, especially since I can't eat at yummy places. No yummy places,  means I can't write Yelp reviews. No reviews means I'm Yelpless! Ohhh... the depravity. Life in a first world country is so hard. #firstworldproblemsSo... what were we talking about? Oh yes, my bladder... no wait... O. No, not that O, the show O, silly! Well kids, I can still watch shows so I'm content to just writing about shows and sex stores that I visit. O was interesting, in a blah sort of way. I think I'm officially Cirque-d out (did I just make up a word)? I've watched so many, they are getting repetitive. Here's the adjectives I'd use to describe O: beautiful, expensive, BORING, tasteful, watery, SNOOZE. Get the idea? Being my 6th Cirque show, I've already seen a version of all the acts in other shows. There's nothing new and nothing mesmerizing. The stage and the use of water is breathtaking... for about 5 mins... then it's like, "cool." You know what it reminds me of? The fountain show at Bellagio. It's cool the first two times you watch it, maybe a third time it holds some fascination. But for an hour and twenty minutes? No thanks. The stage and the acts are very beautiful, similar to a well choreographed ballet. Unfortunately I find ballet boring. My favorite act were the contortionists. Three beautiful ladies contort themselves into different poses. They seem to defy gravity.Side note: this was the first Cirque show I fell asleep in. I even stayed awake during Beatles Love. If you've read my review, that's saying a lot.
5	This Show is located in the Bellagio Hotel. It's located kinda to the right but if you follow the signs it's easy to find.When you walk up you can buy tickets right there or pickup tickets at will call or just have them with you already and walk right in.We bought seat in section 103 row E12 & E13 which did dead center in the middle of the room about 5 rows from the stage. The tickets were about $170.00 each but it's definitely worth the money. The show starts out with a funny clown getting everyone to clap at all different weird times. It was funny. They also pretended to grab random people from the audiance to do they stunts but really they were apart of the show. They are sneaky.They do some insane dives in the water and cool acrobatic moves. I don't want to ruin it for the people that haven't seen it yet but it's worth doing with the kids or the wife. We had such an awesome time. This was our first show together and we loved it.
4	3rd favorite Cirque show on The Strip. A little bit hard to follow, but beautiful to watch. Outstanding diving!
4	What a show! I'd never seen a Cirque du Soleil show and this was the one I wanted to see!We stayed at the Hotel which made seeing a 10 PM show on a Saturday evening pretty easy. The theatre is beautiful, well designed for the show. We sat on the far side in a section with slightly less expensive seats. The theatre was less than half full...though there were quite a few people right around us.As soon as the show started and the lights went down, most of those around us got up and moved to better seats. It was strange, it was like everyone knew the trick...everyone but us!The show is very good, entertaining, dazzling, some moves took your breath away. The storyline was...hard to follow. Okay, I wish I'd had more to drink or something, maybe it would have made more sense. But in the end, it didn't matter. It was an awesome show that stretched the boundaries of what we thought was possible with every scene.
4	Oh Wow is all I can say.This show has amazing performers. They are just outstanding. There were multiple times where they just blew my mind.Visually the show was stunning and music was engaging It just left my mouth agape.This is must see show my only gripe is that I did not get the plot but honestly I did not care.GOGOGO
3	It was an okay show. I've seen a lot better shows from Cirque than this one. I really was expecting a lot better show than what I got at O.
5	Second Cirque du Soleil show I've attended and had a great time. I came to see this show with my parents, sister, and a huge group of family friends who were visiting from Taiwan. Everyone was completely entranced by the breathtaking sets, the incredible feats, and hilarious transition acts. Compared to the first show I attended (Totem), O seemed to have more fun and lighthearted acts, such as the pool party act. There is not much of a plot but whatevs.We had tickets for a side/middle section (tickets about $110 or $120 each?) and the view was great. Perfectly eye-level with the sets, which were often up in the air, so that we didn't have to crane our necks. Also, we were near the back enough so that we could easily get a view of the entire stage. A tip:- Get here early to pick up your tickets! Otherwise there will be a long time and it will not be fun.
4	An amazing out of this world show...Process to get it..out..ticketing. .all of it..Must see....best seats..row 3 to 10..worth rhe money..do not you dare try to save 20 or 30 dollars you cheap bas...ds...this is not where you save money on vegas..skip a meal and take the ticket..The meal..eventually goes down the toilet.The memory..for ever..Why four stars...well..no one is perfect
5	I'm not a big Cirque du Soleil guy, but this show was fantastic.  I've been to 1 other Cirque show, and I did not find it very enjoyable.  I usually like shows with a more involved story line and music.  For "O," everything from the music, to the staging, to the performance, to the story was great.  We had pretty good seats, and I was amazed how the stage was able to change so quickly.I have not seen the other Cirque shows in Vegas, but I can't imagine they are any better than O.  If you have the opportunity, go see it.  You will not regret it!
5	Breathtaking! This was our first Cirque show and it definitely won't be the last. I wasn't sure what to expect, but knew I wanted to go to Cirque show while in town. Amazing show, with too much to see. I am looking forward to going again to soak in everything I may have missed the first time around. Dazzled by the artists and their ability to move so gracefully whether high above the ground or throughout the water. We did not have any issues with people being ushered in late as with some other posters. We sat in the lower section, row k, just left of the stage. I do not believe there is a bad seat in the house.
4	This is only the second Cirque du Soleil I have seen, the first one being Beatles Love, and O was amazing! Not saying Beatles Love wasn't good, but I can see why O is raved as the best one! I probably should've watched a few other ones before this one. All future shows are ruined!We watched the 7:30pm show on Thanksgiving Day. 4 seats in section 104 was about $180 each. You should pick up your tickets at will call a few hours before or else the line gets really long. The doors open around 7pm and there's alcohol on the right and a regular concession stand on the left. The show itself was magnificent! Some of the aerobics and tricks almost gave me a heart attack. I can't believe how talented the performers are! The way the stage is setup is amazing! The only con for me was the show felt a little short. No intermission and no grand finale but I guess it's their choice. It ended around 9:10pm. The time flew by, I wish the show was longer! Also, I'm sure the story line was great, but I honestly couldn't follow it at all haha
4	This finally concludes one of the last shows I have never seen in Vegas, as well one of the only Cirque du Soleil shows I haven't seen yet.I can't find a way to give it 5 stars simply because their proliferate use of "actor" audience members got really tiring after a while, but I have to say I am extremely impressed by the stage, the show, their entrances and exits and their visual appeal.The only thing I disliked was that there was a huge lack of storyline. I mean I think they tried but it seemed like they had a small box and tried to cram too much into it. It just didn't work.Visually, this show is absolutely stunning. There's nothing short of breathtaking from their acts to their various themes and multiple stage changes throughout the show. I don't know if this show is worth the high price tag that you pay to see it if you're interested in a story line and something coherent to grab onto but it's definitely Vegas entertainment at it's very best. I would say this is a must see show for Vegas, so if you haven't seen it, pay up because it is worth seeing at least once.
5	You know, having never been to a Cirque du Soleil performance before, I was really skeptical about dishing out close to two hunnerd clams to see a bunch of Canadians prancing about in tights.  There was bound to be mincing.  And someone mentioned clowns.  Oh boy.  But, on the recommendation of a whole lot of people, I bought us some tickets to take a gander.Holy crap -- this was an amazing performance.  From the startling open reveal to the equally stunning closing bit, I enjoyed every minute.Even the clowns.It's quite impressive to see the physical acts that the human body is capable of.  Trapezes, high dives, contortionists, guys on fire -- it's all there somewhere.We sat kind of near the back and still had a good view of the stage -- I don't think there's a bad seat in the house -- but it would be REALLY cool to be up close in the middle of the front sections.  So buy your tickets as early as possible.
5	This is the best of the cirque du soleil shows. I've seen all of them and I have to put this on top. Most of the is  on water. And the stage is incredible. That's what I like about Vegas hotels,  they never go cheap and spend maximum dollar to make everything perfect to satisfy the consumer. Must see
5	As a working actor and member of Cirque du Soleil - O since 1994, I have seen and participated in numerous classes, workshops and acting schools. I can honestly say that if you are looking for a place to focus your comedy chops, this is the place to do it. After taking a few years away to be a parent and raise my 3 kids, I was looking for somewhere to shake off the rust. What I found was a place to not only shake off that rust, but a place to put a fine polish on my comedic skills. Todd Rohrbacher has a gift of pinpointing the heart of what is funny in scripted material and shows you how to do the same consistently.
5	Birthday week in Vegas for my wife. This was the top rated show on yelp in Vegas. It didn't disappoint. It cannot be expressed in words the experience you have watching this show, but I'll try. The sights, lights, music and synchronization was unbelievable. Everything from the dancers to the seats were perfect. All I can really say, is no one who goes to this show can be disappointed, unless you have no soul. If you are in Vegas, you HAVE to see this show. Trust me, you won't be disappointed. Do yourself and your loved ones a huge favor. If you don't care about your loved ones take them to see Chris Angel.
5	6 years ago I saw this production on a family vacation to Vegas (yes there are some family things that can be done). We didn't have the best seats, however, what we did have allowed us to share in the experience of the show. This has no real story line which makes it accessible for everyone to just enjoy the art without having to think about the plot too much. After all it is Vegas where no one really thinks about the plot to things. I loved the lady dressed in black and white that looked like a clock.
5	Beautiful cirque show. I was fortunate enough that this was my first cirque show and it was absolutely impressive. The vocals, the music, the acrobats, the visual effects, everything was phenomenal.  If you are going to see one cirque show, this is the one to see. The choreography is just amazing considering how much of it was in the water. Grab a cocktail and enjoy the magnificence.
5	Amazing, fantastic,  extraordinary, very engaging, greatest Cirque du Soleil in vegas is the "O" show. From the first minute till the last second just perfect.
5	I watched a few Cirque du Soleil shows but "O" takes it to a whole new level. It just left me speechless! I highly recommend going while in Vegas!
4	Im going to be honest, i had NO FLIPPING idea what was going on!but it looked cool as hell, i say its an assault on your senses. prob wouldn't pay to watch it again though.
5	We really enjoyed this show but I made the mistake of cheaping out on the seats.  I went by the rule that most seats are great at Cirque shows.  It didn't apply for this show, the balcony left or right doesn't allow for full enjoyment of the show.  The divers/gymnasts and costumes were fantastic as usual although I recommend La Reve over "O".
4	My daughter is a diver and this has water and diving...I thought this was a perfect fit.  We were not disappointed.  I think they could do a much better job explaining what the story was...we all walked out of there asking.."what the hell did we just watch"?  The stunts are spectacular and funny parts were cute.  There was so much going on it was impossible to catch everything.  The gymnastics and acrobats were amazing.  Definitely a great show for the whole family.
5	Enough can not be said of this show. I'd give it more stars if they were available. We had 5th row (first non splash row) seats but all lower level seats are great. Make sure you are on time because they hold seating once it begins. Worth going more than once.
5	Out of all of the shows I have seen in Vegas this one blew me away! I have never been so tranquilly lost in a production as I was in this one.  From the moment the show started until the end I was amazed by the beauty of this show.We sat in the fifth row (out of the splash zone) and I cannot think of a better investment.  I literally felt like I could reach out and touch the stage.When the slight breeze hit us when the curtain rolled back, I felt like I was being transported into a magical world....and we were!  The grace, bravery, and skill of the artists is just amazing.  I still cannot believe some of the awe inspiring acts that were performed.The music blew hubby and I away.  I honestly did not know it was all live until I saw the musicians on the sides.  I feel so blessed to have been able to see this show.  We definitely be going back with our son so he can see this incredible show.  Love all the cirque shows BUT this one stands out among them!
4	Saw the show on Saturday, Dec 27, 2014.4 stars because I'm sure you will like it.  I personally was disappointed.  Of all the Cirque du Soleil shows, this one is never discounted much.  I've seen Mystere, Ka, Le Reve, Believe (UGH!), Zumanity, and Totem (in LA)... O, I've been saving for a special occasion.The good:- I heard there were no bad seats; true.  We sat up at the top and no complaints here.- I was simply in love with their soundtrack.- The stage and costumes were beautiful, but...The bad:- I heard the water stage was awesome, but I imagined it would be some crazy water tank where most of the acts were of the underwater choreography type... sometimes its good to do a little research beforehandOops, I guess that was really the only bad thing.  I totally admit it was my own set of expectations for the show that led to my disappointment, coupled with the high cost of tickets.  I feel like you can get a better bargain (at least for those who've never seen a Cirque show), watching Ka (whose rotating platform is also quite impressive).
