3	My husband and I caught Jason Alexander's show where he plays the World's 4th Best Motivational Speaker.  We were excited to see the show and thought the premise was hilarious.We hit the show on a Thursday night and it was DEAD.  REALLY dead.  I mean they told use just before the show that we could move up and fill the showroom!  So we had some awesome center seats towards the front!  Score!!!  However, it did make for an odd vibe.  I mean it is very much an audience participation show and there wasn't much of an audience. Jason gave his all though and it made for an enjoyable evening. It was hysterical, but had its moments.  I wonder with a bigger crowd if you get a different vibe.  Still, it was a fun night and we got awesome seats without putting out any more $$ - who could ask for more?  A side note:  the seats at the Chi Showroom have huge cup holders on either side and so it makes them very narrow.  Comfy once you get into them, but a bit tight squeeze at first.
3	I love Jason Alexander so really wanted to see this show. The idea of him acting as a motivational speaker and not as himself seemed a littly iffy but I was sure it'd be funny.He definitely had his moments and when he got on a roll he was hilarious but he broke out into song about 5 minutes or so and that was just weird. I realize he has a Broadway background, but I wasn't there to listen to him sing. We went to a Thursday night show and the place was dead. I doubt it was more than half full. We had tickets for a row at the almost exact back of the theatre and about 15 minutes before the show started an usher came up and told us and the others who were sitting up there that we could move to where we wanted. It made the whole experience just feel a bit off, altho we did end up with some nice seats in the center, which were nice.The seats are extremely uncomfortable. Huge cupholders on both sides made it hard to squeeze my butt into the seat. After you get past that they weren't too bad.
4	Saw the show on a weekend and the theater was about 3/4 full. I noticed that a few people here had mentioned that it was slow during the week, but on a Saturday night that wasn't the case.Anyone who has seen Jason Alexander perform knows that he really works hard - especially since it is a one man show! Lots of the jokes were improv based on the audience, which I thought was impressive.Another thing that many Seinfeld fans may not know is that he is a great singer - which he showcases a few times throughout the show by breaking out into song. He did it a few times while audience members were on stage and it was funny to watch them squirm uncomfortably.One thing to note about this show is that it is not intended for kids. There are some topics and language that would not jive with most parents.
