5	I've been to the locations in San Diego and Henderson before this location opened, and by golly am I glad that they're on my side of town now! ;) They've been open for about a month now and today was my second time at this location. If you've read my other reviews on The Pretty Kitty, then you know that I love my gal Trish! She's so personable, knowledgeable, lovable, and sweet! How can you not love a woman who developed a technique that only takes 10, that's right, TEN minutes for a Brazilian?! The decor at all their locations is always very cute and modern so I was really excited to see what Trish was going to conjure up this time around. I have to say that this location has my favorite theme,... Pinup/ Burlesque photos partnered with the black and pink ceilings and walls is just gorgeous. If anyone knows anything about me, I am in love with that era so to see it blanketed all over the place is just, impressive ;) The only thing that I wish they had was an incentive program for return clients. They offer a coupon in the weekly and the zip code magazines, but ONLY for first time clients :( Trish, help a Mama-on-Budget? ;) I'd recommend The Pretty Kitty, over and over again! I LOVE The Pretty Kitty!
5	I just had my first brazillian today. It was amazing!  Trish really made me feel comfortable in a potentially awkward situation. Not once did I feel self conscience. She went over the after care very throughly and what to expect with regular sessions. I recommend to everyone to go to Pretty Kitty and get something done.
5	The Pretty Kitty has by far been the best place I have been to in Las Vegas to get your personal waxing taken care of. I came across the place just driving by on Flamingo and their sign outside the salon caught my eye. They really do get you in and out within 15 minutes! Such a plus considering all the other salons take so much longer and they are really accomodating to walk-ins. The Pretty Kitty does a better job than any other salon and have the friendliest staff. Complete experts on the subject and awesome atmosphere!
5	This location has very nice staff and I was in and out of the room in 8 minutes.  Beauty is pain and I am glad my brazilian only lasted 8 minutes.  I had made an appointment for earlier in the week that I could not keep so I stopped by after work and was able to get right in.  The price was moderate compared to other places I was reading about.  Trish was great and started great topics of conversation.  I will def be coming here every 6 weeks :)
5	Shania is great! The owner is great! Both are very personable.Service is quick and professional. They make me feel very comfortable. Highly recommend.
5	I thought that it was too good to be true...but I was wrong! Clean, beautiful facility, SUPER fast.  My full Brazilian took about 15 minutes, lower leg also about 15 minutes- and I am 5'10 with very course hair.  Shania was very friendly, professional, and personable. I'll definitely be back- it was my best waxing experience ever!
5	Great Service!! I called last minute to schedule an appointment and the staff was very helpful. I was in and out of there way faster than I thought I would be. I was one of those people that read on yelp that they are quick and said to myself: yeah right! I was soooo wrong! Overall the service I received was great, fast, and efficient. My Esthetician was Shaina and she was great... I Highly Recommend this place!!
4	To be a fresh lady in business, one must keep her lady business fresh. Okay, maybe this isn't really true unless your occupation requires viewing of your lady business (which mine fortunately does not). Nonetheless I love that quote! Ladies, let me tell you that my appointment yesterday at The Pretty Kitty was beyond amazing. I loved the sweet receptionist and Victoria, who did my waxing. They were both genuinely friendly and congenial. A friend of mine referred me here, raving about the amount of time it took and the absence of the intense pain normally associated with a Brazilian wax. I arrived at 11:43 for my 11:45 appointment and was greeted by the receptionist who then asked me to fill out a card for first timers. I was shortly thereafter escorted back to the room where my wax would be done. It was very clean and the bed to lay on was covered in white paper, just like a doctor's office. Victoria was very talkative which helped me keep my mind off of the matter at hand. She also educated me on the importance of exfoliating the area and coming in for regular 6 week appointments. The pain was nothing compared to what I was used to at my old salon, which uses hard wax. When she was done she handed me a tissue with grape-seed oil dabbed on it to help remove any leftover wax, which there wasn't any. After gathering myself I walked back out to the lobby to pay for my service, which was discounted by $10 thanks to a coupon found in the back of Seven magazine. Victoria then recommended the roll on solution they sell to help prevent ingrown hairs and bumps, which I bought for $23. I walked out to my car and looked at the time and it was 12:01! I had my wax appointment, made a purchase and even chatted with the receptionist all in 15 minutes! I have a feeling my kitty is always going to be pretty with this place in town!
5	I love Jeannie! I drive across town to see her if she's not at the location near me. She's super sweet and gentle. I would definitely ask for her for your waxing needs!!!
5	I love going to this place for my brazilians. I've only been there twice so far but as long as I live in Vegas, I won't be going anywhere else to get waxed. Not only am I in and out of there within 10-15 minutes - (I know!!!) - but the entire staff is so friendly and the spa looks nice too (just being there makes me feel sexier lol). Sarah and Jeannie have both waxed me so far and have done a great job and if I end up with a different esthetician again next time, I honestly wouldn't mind because they are all very professional and make it a good experience. They are easy to talk to and so good at what they do that I don't really feel any pain from the waxing.They accept walk-ins but if you make an appointment, you won't have to wait (obviously). Their prices are decent too. 55 dollars for a brazilian is great considering other places like Euphoria charge at least $75. The Pretty Kitty also offers a package: Buy 4 Brazilians for $200 (it saves you 20 bucks). I read online that they also do Brazilian Bling (crystal body art) which I will try next time. Lastly, they recommend using a product they sell called PFB (used to prevent or help in-growns, bumps, etc) and a special exfoliating brush to use daily and they work really well! PFB is better than Tend Skin (a similar product) because it doesn't have a strong alcohol scent to it and PFB is a roll-on applicator bottle which is nice.I'm very happy I found The Pretty Kitty and am very satisfied with them entirely!
2	While I have to agree with everyone that they can get you in and out of there FAST it left something to be desired for me like a thorough wax. The thing that really kills me is that I could actually hear other clients when I was in the waiting area. Not just mumbles, but clear as day conversations between the client and aesthetician. My wax was quick, but I had some strays that I had to tweeze. If I wanted to take the hair out myself, I wouldn't have paid you for a wax. Another thing I thought was weird was that I was given grape seed oil after to get any wax off. Again I am probably just being picky, but didn't I pay you for a service? Isn't ensuring I don't walk out with any wax on part of what I paid you for? I'm also used to having the area cleared of any hair that has been pulled, but wasn't cleaned off the skin. Didn't happen here. The most economical waxing place, but for $5 more I get a more thorough, cleaner job (granted it takes longer) at other places. Wouldn't go back unless I have 20 minutes and am in dire need of a wax.
5	I got my first "pretty kitty" here. I was very nervous for the pain and possibly an uncomfortable or awkward moment. There wasn't half as much pain as I had imagined and it was uncomfortable at all. I've been here 3 times now with 2 different estheticians and the results have been consistent. The esthetecians really make sure the experience is comfortable. They converse with us the entire time & instruct us when to inhale or exhale to reduce pain. I think having a good conversation the entire time really helps make the experience better by distracting us and reducing pain. It doesn't make it go by quicker though, because it already goes by soo quick!! No joke I've timed it & it only takes 10 minutes!! I'm in and out of there within 15 mins all together, that is with an appointment. I will definitely continue to come back here. The only thing that I would suggest is a loyalty or rewards program for frequent customers!
5	I have been going to the Pretty Kitty since 2008 in the CA shop. When I moved to Vegas I knew the owner was opening a store so I stopped by to see her in the Henderson one and she told me she would be opening a new shop in South west. I prefer the owner when I get my waxing but there have been a couple of girls I like there. The only thing is the girls that I really like have all left this location. I love that you in and out in 15 minutes or less and the system is less painful then others, but Trisha was and will always be my fav. Hope the LA stores are working out for you.
5	Great place! The staff is friendly, the store is clean and the process in quick. A little pricy but worth it.
4	You guys are as smooth as your results BUT you should offer a type of incentive like a stamp card, you get 6 waxes you get your 7th free or at least a referral discount.. The staff is fabulous, fast n leave me lookin lickable but the competition (much like hair) is growing you need too keep us cummin back .. Thank you for the waxes see ya soon ;)  **Luv n kisses from my pink parts**
4	Great location; right off freeway.  Nice decor, and friendly staff.  Lets face it; when getting a wax down below you are looking for quick clean and efficient.  This place has it all.  They do a great job and they are so fast!  They don't miss a thing and you can count on being satisfied!
4	It's a bit hard not to venture into 'TMI' territory when you're reviewing a waxing salon, but I will say that I was quite happy with the results. I walked away feeling confident in channeling my inner Jennifer Aniston, a la the scene in 'The Break Up' where she  sexily strolls past Vince Vaughn -- totally nude -- showing off her "Telly Savalas" wax ;)Was impressed by:* Speed! The salon prides themselves on a "15 minute wax," and my aesthetician  definitely stayed close to that timeframe. * Pain minimizing techniques. Now, I hate to break it to you, but if you're in search of a completely pain-free wax -- I have yet to come across a technique that lives up to such a promise. BUT, the techniques employed at this salon definitely help keep pain to a minimum. Was turned off by: * The paper thin walls. I was a little mortified when my sister informed me that any words exchanged between myself and my aesthetician (including um, 'positioning' cues and her asking whether my giggling was a "coping mechanism") were very easily overheard from the lobby area.
4	Let me start off by saying waxing sucks no matter what, but Jeannie at Pretty Kitty makes it bearable! She is really nice and does the job quick. I have always been in and out in less than 10 minutes.
2	Was not too impressed. After reading other reviews before mine it's my belief that this place really does "rush" the whole waxing experience to be able to offer that quick "we specialize in waxing" environment. . . yet what I was left with was my face being very irritated afterwards and noticeably manipulated in the sense that you could tell I had been waxed. My issue is that I have been facially waxed many, many times before, just not at this location... and have not come away with the same degree of redness and irritation previously.I will give the staff props for getting me in as a walk-in without an appointment and for the spa experience surrounding the location. I love the decor, pink, the name of the business and so forth...but for the actual experience itself. It was not pleasant either during or after.
1	So my initial update on my review was removed because (I feel like) Yelp thinks I was too vague and honestly, I was just trying to be nice since PK was nice, in the beginning, when they were starting out. They did a great job when they were starting out here in Vegas but once they opened up their second location, it all went to sh-t.I always requested Trish, the owner, purely because I felt like I had the best experiences with her and (in the beginning) she would remember who I was. Then came the last two appointments that I had..."Hi, I'm Trish, have you been here before?" WTF?! Really??? Now that you have more customers than you had a few months prior, you forget the people that have been with you from the beginning?! You, yourself have been waxing me for the last year and a half since you opened your first location in Henderson and you don't remember me?! Ok, way to make returning customers feel appreciated! I guess you just talk to everyone about your magazine adventures and even when you were opening up a spot in "Summerlin" even though it wasn't in Summerlin but because it sounds nicer, you tell everyone that it is. What bothered me the most was that they didn't offer any incentives to returning customers, unlike their location in San Diego, refer a friend- get a discount. The worst  part was that they raised prices twice since I had been going to see them. After I had written my initial update (awhile back) I did see a coupon that they were offering to returning customers but I'm really not sure how long that lasted and besides, by that time, I had found a better place to go to.I am currently a regular at The Birthday Suit and they offer ridiculous amounts of incentives! Not only that, I've had better experiences at TBS: the staff is amazing, remembers me, (EVEN the owner) prices are reasonable and they use hard wax unlike PK, they use the soft wax that makes me feel like they're ripping off my skin! Not only that, since they try to get you out in 10-15 mins, they almost always leave stragglers behind. What's the point in get someone to wax you for a ridiculous amount for them to leave hair behind? Isn't the point to remove the hair? PK is more for the "beginner" to waxing, once you've experienced them, you realize that there is more out there than an overly pink salon.So as I said in my initial update, "Sorry Pretty Kitty, I LOVED you gals but if you don't offer incentives for returning customers and keep raising prices, I have no reason to ever return. We had a good run ;)".Deuces. LOL.
4	Far better experience than another wax salon I've been to. I've only been here twice but both times I've had a pleasant experience, albeit having my hair waxed down there. Calling and making an appointment was easy and they always had an opening that was convenient for my schedule. Receptionist was friendly and helpful with all the questions I asked on the phone and in person. I had a different aesthetician the two times I went and both were very good at waxing.  The first one was a pretty lady and was fast. Within 15 minutes I was done and my kitty was feelin' pretty. She also suggested some tips on preventing ingrowns. The second time I went, I also had a pretty lady who waxed me (is that a prerequisite for their employees? haha). She was friendly and talkative (in a good way), which helped me get distracted from the pain. Yes, it hurt a little bit, but any hair puliin' will always have a little discomfort here and there. Even though I was in and out of there in about 15 minutes, both aesthetician's were thorough. They made sure that they didn't leave any hair left, unlike the un-named wax salon that I've been to prior to Pretty Kitty. The interior design of the place was cute and definitely girly. The place was also clean and organized. Overall I wouldn't mind going back to Pretty Kitty for my Brazilians since it IS the company's expertise. Also, watch out for coupons. From time to time they will have $20 or $35 specials sent within your junk mail (those coupon pamphlets that everyone ignores and throws out, tsk tsk).
5	I recommend this place to everyone I know! They do their waxes in TEN MINUTES! You are in and out and hair free and on with your day! I had a place tell me to come back every FOUR weeks... The girls here tell me 6 or 8 weeks! They aren't just trying to make you come back sooner than you need to to spend your money on a too soon wax - they can see your hair growth and let you know you could wait longer to return to get a better waxing experience (more hair growth, so more hair being torn from your body! No little hairs growing in too soon then!) This will always be my brazilian waxing spot!
5	My first brazilian was at the PK in Brea and overall I was satisfied, but this time around (6weeks) I am a much bigger fan of the PK and brazilian! Less painful and no little hairs left behind this time... My last experience was a little more rushed, but Jessica helped me and she was amazing, great convo that kept my mind of the pain and she made sure to get everything she could as well as great tips on my own hair growth! Very pleased and will be returning!
5	Wax it! Your man will love it.  Trust me, i take my girl there everytime she ask me too, then the fun begins.  Remember less is better.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing! I honestly cannot say anything more. My friends have horror stories from waxing so I was a little nervous prior to my appointment. I made sure not to drink caffeine and took an ibuprofen as recommended before, so that might have helped a little too. Just breathe through the tough spots and the rest is cake, no pain afterwards. Plus if you use yelp you get $10 off! I'll definitely be back.
5	Newly relocated to Vegas and I have to say this is my best brazilian yet! The Pretty Kitty was able to fit me in immediately upon arrival saw me instantly. Kristy was awesome-- Its awkward and can be uncomfortable when your legs are tucked in to your chest tush naked but she made me feel super comfortable & was INCREDIBLY quick and efficient. Receptionist was awesome too. Converted! Oh yes and the establishment is super clean and chic. Love it. For getting a brazilian its pretty awesome...
5	I'm a cosmetologist, however, this was my first wax with someone other than myself. Jessica was my aesthetician (waxer). She is amazing! Makes an uncomfortable process a comfortable and as least painful as possible! I'm telling everyone about her! ^_^
5	I have been coming here for a couple of years now because this is the best Brazilian wax I ever had. I should have wrote a review a while ago but I just recently started to yelp. I always get waxed by Jeannie because she does a great job and she's really nice too. Brazilian waxes are going to hurt because well.... it's happening in a sensitive area. I've been to places where they say their Brazilian waxes hurt less but it takes anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour and it still hurts! At the Pretty Kitty, it only takes 10 minutes!! Just take a pain reliever such as Advil 30 minutes before your appointment and it'll help a little with the pain. Just trust me on this one.. a Brazilian wax is worth it! You will love how you look and feel after. I recommend getting it done at least once and you have to come here!
5	I came to the Pretty Kitty for a lower leg and eyebrow wax.  Courtney was very friendly and skilled.  She did a fantastic job with my eyebrows.  She was careful and took her time.  I hate when someone rushes with my eyebrows so this was a great experience.    Two thumbs up for the Pretty Kitty.  ($65.00 plus tip) for the two services.
5	Went a few weeks ago to see Courtney to do my eyebrows.She was amazing and extremely attentive to what I was asking for.She took her time and I was 100 percent happy with the results. Will never go anywhere else now!!
5	Love this place!!  I can get in at a moments notice.  And they are very thorough and fast!! I recommend Amelia she's my fav!!
4	I love this place.  Brazilians suck.  These girls make it bearable, they use soft wax... so no "flicking" and its all said and done in 15 minutes, but a job well done. They can usually get me in the same day as well which is a plus.  Pretty Kitty is pretty much the only place I'll go anymore.
5	I've seen great reviews about this place so I figured if try it before my wedding. I had seen that Jeannie was the best and I was lucky enough to get her. Super professional and personable. It hurt but nothing like the one I had done before. I'm super happy with the results and will only ever go back to see her. We'll worth it.
5	Is by far the best waxing place in Vegas. Fast,effective,clean and safe! Very important to me. Customer service is awesome and the girls are great. Been here for years and would not go anywhere else for my wax. They are open 7 days a week so I can always make an appointment.
5	I came here for my first Brazilian and haven't found the need to look anywhere else. Customer service is great. In and out within about 15 minutes. The facility is always clean. I would definitely recommend this place!
