4	It's a new place but the arepas are tasty and authentic. Try the queso guayanes,la reina pepiada y la guasacaca. This is really a fantastic option for very authentic venezuelan flavors. I reccomend with eyes closed.
4	I got turned onto this place from the Cooking Channel Show "Eden Eats." Eden herself is a touch spastic and really needs to lay off the Red Bull, but the show is interesting and covers mostly ethnic places off the beaten path. One show took place in Charlotte and featured arepas from the Antojitos mi Colombia bakery. Arepas are made from pre cooked corn flour, hand molded into disks, pan fried and then baked. They can be split open and filled with all manners of deliciousness and served sandwich style; a corn biscuit of sorts. Anything made out of 100% corn will catch my attention - can't consume gluten; it' been so long since I've had a sandwich out at a restaurant! The bakery has the Arepas Grill attached. The menu board shows all the different fillings you can get in your Arepa. I uploaded pics of the menu. You order at the counter, wait 10-15 minutes and they bring it out to you wrapped in paper. I ordered the Pelua - shredded beef and gouda. It was warm, the arepa was light and crispy and the meat was well seasoned; I inhaled it in minutes. Absolutely delicious. Other than the arepa's they serve sweet corn pancakes and also a breakfast platter and desserts. The sandwich was more than enough to fill me up, but heartier appetites may want to order dessert; they had the usual South American options of flan, tres leches and a passion fruit mousse. An option for a vegetable side dish would be nice, but just a minor quibble. I loved what I ordered and will definitely be coming back to try the different sandwichs and also for breakfast.
4	Yay, arepas! I hit up this place on a chilly Saturday afternoon while I was out and about and hungry.  When I walked in the first thing I noticed was that the it smelled really delicious inside the restaurant. The place is in an odd little strip mall next to the train tracks and it has zero atmosphere, but the minute I smelled what was going on in there I did not care one bit. I started my arepa explorations with a Pelua, which is beef and gouda cheese. I'm going to go ahead and say that that was the most delicious thing that I've put in my mouth in Charlotte so far this year. A vegetarian arepa (the La Del Gato) with cheese, plantains and avocado was also pretty tasty, although it could have used more plantains and less avocado for balance and flavor. The fresh cheese is out of this world, though. I will definitely be going back. It sounds like this place is doing well, too -- the guy working the counter said he was still cleaning up after a massive lunch rush when I got there just before 2.
4	Great Food, Great Service.
5	Few things are better than an arepa - let alone an arepa bar.  As mentioned in other reviews, arepas are made from 100% corn, but they are nothing like a tortilla. In Colombia, they are served plain or with toppings and in Venezuela they are stuffed - but the arepa is generally the same. Arepas Grill offers the Venezuelan style. The cafe is simple, no frills - just great, fresh food served by nice people. I highly recommend trying the juices with water too. Note, don't go in a rush, expect food to take 15 minutes to prepare.
4	I seriously thought that this was a Mexican place and expected to get a quick taco or burrito for lunch since it is a stone's thorw from work.  Surprise, it's Venezuelan.  Arepas are corn tortillas stuffed with various meats, cheeses, etc. and grilled.  My Arepas was a great value, generously stuffed with beef and cheese and nicely seasoned. A great value for $6.25. After getting some assistance from the staff I chose the seasoned beef and gouda, a top seller. The menu offers several arepa choices as well as fresh squeezed juices with water or milk.  My passion fruit and water juice was delicious and took me back to my Cabo vacation several years ago!  The staff was friendly, but the service was a bit slow, especially since there was only two other customers there.  Located in a former Quiznos, the restaurant is simple clean, and simple with side lot parking and easy access off Old Pineville Road.
3	Since moving to Charlotte, I have been on a hunt to find places to satisfy the random cravings of my Denver staples. One of those cravings are arepas from the Quiero Arepas food truck. If you ever find yourself in Denver, make sure you track them down! So, I found Arepas Grill (thanks, Yelp!) and I headed down to check them out. Just a note... The street address on Yelp is wrong. It is located at 4740 Old Pineville Rd #A. Right next to it's sister restaurant, Colombian Bakery. I walked in and the place was empty. No seriously, there weren't any employees... I waited for a solid three minutes until someone showed up to help me out. Which was fine, as it gave me time to look over the menu. I decided on the Carne Mechada arepa ($6.00) and maracuya (passion fruit) drink ($3.00). He took my order and disappeared to the back. He reappeared a bit later with a freshly made arepa. He proceeded to cut it open and stuff it with the shredded beef and cheese. I asked for the spicy, avocado sauce that I am accustomed to having my arepa served with. The passion fruit drink was awesome! Very fresh tasting and refreshing. I'm on the fence about the arepa. I like how fresh the arepa itself was, but I wasn't really impressed with the fillings. It was definitely tasty, but I am used to my arepas being fixed up with more than just meat and cheese. A little more garnish would have put them over the top! This place could definitely earn the fourth, and even fifth, star easily with a little bit of improvement. They should take a look at Quiero Arepas menu! I would be psyched if they added something like the La Havana to their menu! I'll visit Arepas Grill next time an arepa craving strikes!
5	Excellent Venezuelan food. Location is a Venezuelan style Arepera"; the arepas are big, well stuffed and delicious. We ate the "Hallacas" today, it's a Venezuelan type of tamal, and a traditional Christmas dish, it was really good. Passion fruit juice is an a must. Arepa of Queso de Mano, Reina Pepiada, Carne Mechada, are excellent! Place is clean and has the "Salto Angel" waterfall painted on the wall at the back of the restaurant, very nice! Service is friendly and excellent! This is our place to eat when we go to Charlotte!
5	Easily one of the best meals I've had in months. I don't know why arepas aren't more common, I guess we just need more Venezuelan immigrants. For those who don't know, arepas are flatbread made with ground corn. It's good stuff and highly recommend them.I asked the waitress which arepa she likes best and she recommended La Pais, which comes with shredded beef, beans, chorizo and avocado. I also ordered fried plantains on the side, because they are awesome. The arepa I ordered was outstanding. They had two spicy sauces which I enjoyed as well.Please try this place, it will be a good change and you won't leave disappointed.
4	I came in based on other reviews... let me tell you it did not disappoint! The arepas are large and in charge... if you are hungry, two will fill you up nicely and you'll get to try a couple of flavors. The chicken salad with avocado is like Old Faithful: an oldie but a goodie. The place is clean and service is ok. Again, go for the arepas, come out feeling happy and satisfied!
5	One of the best and most unique Latin American meals we've had while still in the U.S! Highly recommended!
4	Truly, this would be 3.5 stars, but I digress. I ordered the Reina Pepeada for$6.50 after being offered a taste. Delicioso! It is an arepa stuffed full of a chicken, avocado,mayo & cilantro blend. Creamy and cool, perfect for a warm summer day, You order, pay, and then have a seat while they prepare your arepa. 5 minutes later, your lunch is brought out, warm and toasty.I really enjoyed my lunch, and so did my Wife and daughter (they had their own, I don't share). A couple of negatives: a little pricey. And not flexible for people who might not want a specific ingredient. For instance, anything with avocado has it mixed in, so you don't have the option to order without it. I don't eat beans, so I couldn't order my first choice because the beans were mixed in with the meat. Not a deal breaker for me, but picky eaters might have a problem. My next visit might bring this to a stronger 4 stars, we will see.
5	Great lunch there today. First time there. I will be back.
5	Unbelievably excellent! Highly recommend this restaurant.  We came in with a large group and tried 4 different menu items and shared bites of each.  Super fresh and tasty.  Made to order.  The food was hot and fresh. It's worth the 8 minutes we waited.  The kids loved it.  Friendly and helpful staff.  We are coming back for sure!
5	Arepas, pan de queso, plantains, all kinds of sodas including many South American favorites. Service was friendly and quick. We ate at the bakery cause the main restaurant is closed Mondays but it's the same menu. Food was delicious!
