3	Went to see Watchmen at this movie theatre when i was in Phoenix, this past weekend and i felt that this place is really nice. Staff was really nice, polite, you hardly see that. Seating was good, and the concession stand had lots to choose from, no disappointment there. I am from California, and i am use to AMC & Pacific Theatres, so it was cool to check out another chain.If i am back in Phoenix and have the time to catch a movie, this is the place i would be happy watching it at.
4	They can get really busy especially during special events but no matter how busy they are they are still very polite and courteous with customers.
4	Not a bad theater. The staff is friendly and the sound is ok.
5	I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE their popcorn!!!! end of review :D
4	$6 movies for matinee if you buy the vip card and $7 popcorn xtra large with a free refill. You can return another day to get the refill. Place has new movies and is right next to the mall and has lots of parking.
5	I like this theatre.I go here by myself because I moved to AZ without any friends, and left my boyfriend,et al. back in in California.There are other loners like me in there, so I don't feel so bad. haha
3	Harkins is still a great place to catch amovie with the reclining chairs and digital sound and screen.  Their prices have gone up at the concession stand but you can buy discounted movie tickets at Costco and still enjoy soda refills but those are now $1.50 ( instead of $1.00 ) and the souvernior cup is $5.00 ( instead of $4.50 ) that is a $1 increase.  Harkins is better than AMC although AMC has better prices especially in the afternoons but Harkins rules when it comes to comfort.
4	Older Harkins, but clean and well maintained. Parking is horrible at the mall.Concession counter experience was good. My Ultimate Dog was actually good. No hard microwaved bun and no wrinkly microwaved hot dog. This seems to be an issue at the other Harkins, but this was just one visit, so maybe I was lucky. The guy at the counter commented that these were the best hot dogs for the money anywhere around.$5 for a microwaved hot dog? Yeah right. He needs to get out more. Sub par hot dogs are my pet peeve at theaters. A bad dog can ruin the visit.  Coke Zero tasted "off".
5	Whoohoo!  My favorite Theaters!    Love the Camelview and Fashion Square locations
4	Finally made it to this Harkins to c.atch a movie today and get out of the heat.  I actually kind of liked it here!  The chairs seem a little old, but they have two levels, the place is clean and have a snack bar if you want some goodies.You can also eat in the food court attached to the mall if you don't want to pay an arm and a leg for popcorn, which is pretty cool.  Staff was friendly and helpful, and the place seemed pretty busy!This theatre is two levels, which I thought was kind of cool.  half upstairs and the other half downstairs.  The only thing that sucked was the escalator going down was broken! You could go up, but not down.  So I waited with some other people for the elevator which took forever.  Overall a decent theatre.  I catch the mantinee's, and the staff seems to be pretty nice.
3	They don't like to turn the lights off when the movie is on. The theater is too bright, I feel like I am at home watching a movie except I'm paying for it.
4	Movie night!  Been here many nights and great as usual.  Staff is good, concession runs a little slow, seats comfy, and prices are reasonable.  Plus, never too crowded!  Don't forget your ID if you're a student or military, they offer a discount! If you go to Harkins a lot, invest in the souvenir cup.
3	Better than I expected. I have been to a number of Harkins theatres around the Valley, and because this one is at Metro Center (and everyone warned me about going near that mall) I anticipated going to a 9:40pm horror-flick here could be a nightmare (pun absolutely intended). Older, sure. A little dank inside, sure. Fixtures and decor dated, sure. But the crowd was average, service was decent, and we had a fine time. The ticket-taker actually gave us a little reassurance on the film we chose, so that was pleasant. Only suggestion I could give, turn down the AC temp a bit when the theater gets full (and when it's a suspenseful film). A lot of hearts pumping and lungs breathing in a small theater, like whoa!
3	I came here the other day to see the "Moses" movie. Let's just say that the crowd at this particular showing put the "ghetto" in "Ghetto Center" I kept my eye on the loner in the aisle in front of me because I was convinced he was a theater shoot-em-up kind of guy. No joke...I was ready to hit the floor. And of course seated right next to me was a family with a crying baby, loud kid and adults who would not shut up. I silently endured it despite my legendary lack of patience. I figured I asked for it coming to this particular location. I will say that about 35 minutes into the film a Harkins employee came in and asked the loud family to leave, which they did without incident. This REALLY impressed me and showed that the theater staff actually cared about their patrons. I've sat in many a cinema with many a crying child or loud, obnoxious grown up children (as in over the age of 20) and I can't recall the last time that theater staff actually stepped in and removed the annoying moviegoers, so WELL DONE! And fortunately the scary loner was just a case of my over-active imagination.It's a bit of a shame that the Metro Center is still in such a state of neglect. This Harkins is very nice and, despite the crowd in this particular showing (which is in no way Harkins' fault), the majority of people there seemed normal and just there to see a flick.I really don't know that I'll be back to this location anytime soon, but I'm a big supporter of Harkin's as an Arizona business and I almost always enjoy seeing a movie at their facilities.On a side note, I will take Charlton Heston, Yul Brynner and Anne Baxter ANY day over this disappointment of a movie. And the "God boy" REALLY freaked me the hell out!
