4	I love my doc (Dr. Patterson). He takes the time to listen, answer questions and discuss treatment options. He's open minded, knowledgeable and makes me feel confident in his recommendations and insights. For that he's worthy of a 5-star rating.Unfortunately, he's typically 30-45 minutes (or more!) behind in the afternoons which means I have to take off a half day of work because there is no way to make it back to the office. For that, I feel compelled to only leave 4-stars for a doc that in every other way is a 5-star.
1	Going to the DR's office is bad enough, but this place takes it to a whole new level of low.  Seriously, I interacted with about 4 or 5 different people (because that's what happens when you get herded like cattle) and only the PA that finally saw me could crack a smile or be the slightest bit friendly.  No kidding, all the assistants, receptionist, billing person, EVERYONE had something seriously shoved up their you-know-what.  I mean come on people, you're working in a doctor's office, you could probably get that checked out??I will NEVER return.
4	My wife's family has been under the care of the professionals at Desert View Family Medicine since it was located at Southern and Val Vista in Mesa.I've been seeing PA Stacy Schaible for the last 8 years and I must say it has been highly refreshing.  She is kind but very matter of fact.  She is always takes a down to earth view on treating me and my family.  I have seen some of the other doctors in the office and all have been exceptionally good.They are also usually pretty good about getting me in same day or next day when need arises.
1	Awful. Simply AWFUL experience. I was looking for a new doctor because I don't really click with the one I have now. I asked friends who they would recommend and one of my friends highly recommended Dr. Wade so I called to schedule an appointment. Dr. Wade is eight weeks out on new patient appointments so I ended up with an appointment with JD, a PA. I think first time patients should always see the doctor, not the PA but I decided to give it a try anyway. My bad. I should have insisted on a doctor and not a PA. Maybe then I would have been treated better. Or not.I should have gathered that this wouldn't be the right practice for me when the woman who FINALLY answered the phone after I pressed this and that and this and that number asked me what kind of insurance I had BEFORE she even asked me my name. I explained to the woman that I have BCBS but that my husband's company had just merged with another company and there were some glitches in their new health insurance but that BCBS was aware of it and that the office would just have to use my husband's card since BCBS hadn't sent mine yet. I also explained that BCBS was on hand to answer any questions they might have about my coverage. The woman on the phone said that was fine and made an appointment for me. That's when she FINALLY asked me what my name was.The next day I got a call from Desert View's business office saying that they couldn't get my insurance to go through. I explained to yet another person about the glitch and gave her the name and number of the person at BCBS to call to get approval for me. Obviously she never did that and that's where things really started getting bad...I showed up for my appointment and was herded back to a little cubicle and had my picture taken by a sour-faced girl who looked like she REALLY hated her job. I explained -- yet again -- about the insurance issue and rather than call the contact at BCBS, the girl tried running my husband's card. Not surprisingly, she told me I didn't have insurance. Again I asked her to contact the person at BCBS and she refused so I called them. She refused to speak to them. The person at BCBS asked if the doctor's office could wait until the end of the day (it was already 3:00 p.m.) to run the insurance info to give the servers a chance to upload my information. Uh, nope. They wanted payment NOW -- before I saw anyone. So, I asked her how much it would be if I paid out-of-pocket. She had to make a call. (Really? She had to CALL someone to find out how much a flipping appointment was?) After she hung up, she told me that it would be between $100 and $250 depending on the "level of appointment" I needed. "Level of appointment?" Huh? Obviously though, if I were to pay it out-of-pocket, they would have had to have waited to get their money until AFTER my appointment was over so they could figure out what "level of appointment" my appointment was so why couldn't they wait a half an hour or so to run my insurance info?I finally just looked at the girl and said, "I've been looking for a new doctor. Unfortunately, I don't think this practice is the one I'm looking for. May I please have my paperwork? I'm outta here." She had the gall to look at me and say, "Does that mean you want to cancel your appointment?" I didn't even bother answering because the only answer I could come up with was, "Duh." I ripped up my paperwork on the way out of the building and it took everything in me to not toss it on the floor.BTW: Their address online is still their old address. I drove to Mesa only to find out that they've been located in Gilbert for at least three years. So many people have gone to the old address that the receptionist at the old address (a business not affiliated with Desert View) has the address and phone number memorized. Not changing your address is not good business no matter how you look at it. It cost me 20 extra miles in 111 degree heat because their old address is the first one to come up when searching for them. You would think that in this day and age businesses would be swift enough to change their address. Guess not.Between the complete lack of personality I was treated to and the lack of helpfulness and being treated as an insurance number and not a person, I'd say it would be a cold day in Hades before I ever graced the doors of Desert View "Family" Medicine again.
3	I've been seeing Dr. Padilla for nearly 10 years now. She's wonderful, kind and really listens to you. The clinic as a whole is a bit assembly-lined, but they are pretty busy. The staff could use a few lessons in being a little more kind and less impersonal. But if you can get past all that, it's worth it.
2	I give my doctor, Dr. David Stewart, 5 stars. He takes time to listen to me and really tries to understand what I am telling him about my medical condition.  I would highly recommend him. My doctor isn't my complaint, however.My complaint is getting an appointment. I cannot call the office for an appointment without at least a 20 wait on hold. I can't figure out why it takes so long to get a person on the phone.  They need to hire more people, or come up with a better system to streamline the process.  I work and the only time I can call the office is during my work hours.  It takes so long to get through, I have to clock out at work, go to the break room and sit on hold.  I don't always have time to do that.  Sometimes, I go without my required checkup because I can't get through to the office in a timely manner to make my appointment.  If this issue continues, I will seek out another practice, somewhere it will be easier to make an appointment.
3	I'm not an easy patient to deal with. I require A LOT of reassurance from my doctors and tend to want to ask them lots of questions. I went to see PA Kellie Earle (AFAIK she no longer practices there) the last time I thought I was physically ill. Over the course of maybe 10 days and 3 appointments I was a pretty bad patient. She never lost her professionalism with me even though I was probably not her favorite patient. Eventually I would up seeing Dr Stewart (my primary care physician). Maybe it was because I had a morning appointment in the middle of the week, but it was as if I was the only patient he had to see all day. Yeah, it's a bit of a cattle call in reception and triage, and the phone action is always bad, but I don't envy those peoples' jobs and frankly I don't blame to staff for being a little cranky. For now I'll continue to go there because they took the time to talk to me when I saw them.
4	So, Dr. Wade and his physician's assistant Stacey are amazing.  I've seriously been going here for years because I've never had anything but great things to say about those two.  If I were rating this just based on their roles this would be a 5 star review, no question about it.However... I have to say that I have a very difficult time reaching anyone on the phone and the person who eventually answers is clear about the fact that you've interrupted her day.  It's as though she actually hates people, which is weird for a doctor's office. Actually making the appointment is difficult, time consuming, and a test to your confidence as a consumer of medical care.  Once you're in, though, it's smooth sailing and the best care you could ask for.
1	Talk about rude! I called to make a yearly physical appointment for my day off. I was told that my doctor was out that day. I asked to see another doctor and was told I couldn't. Then I was told that if I changed doctors it would be a male and that I wouldn't be able to change I back. I hung up. I should also mention that my husband went to the ER and needed to follow up with his doctor at this same office. He called twice to make an appointment and never received a return call. They clearly don't care.
5	Even after several years of care Dr. Stewart is still the best. Every time I call and leave a message for his assistant to get to him I receive a call back promptly. Dr. Stewart is the most caring compassionate doctor and always takes excellent care of me! My husband and I wouldn't think of going anywhere else.
5	Huge turnaround in the office staff, both front and back office.  I'm pretty sure they completely cleaned house in 2013. Here's how I found out: I recently tried to leave Desert View, and Stacie. As much as I wanted to stay with Stacie I just couldn't handle her front office staff any longer.  I went to another doctor that came very highly recommended and I was so disappointed I just took my lab work with the intent of just braving the horrible office staff so that I could have Stacie read my lab results.  She really was the only one I trusted with helping me decide my next steps on this particular illness. I was glad I tried to go back because when I called......my call was answered inside minutes,...on a Tuesday morning,...by a human,...who was helpful.The experience in the office followed suit.  A nice lady copied my card, another nice lady took my co-payment, and yet another nice lady called my name and got me ready to see Stacie.  It's the best of both worlds now!  If you have a doctor there that you love, you can feel good about yourself again because you are no longer putting yourself through the degrading hell that you once did.  You ARE a person!  Desert View Family Medicine (evidently) knows it too!On that note, if you've left Desert View because of their horrible office staff but loved your doctor there, I really recommend giving them another shot.  I did, and I'm here to report that it was a good decision.
5	Dr. Padilla has been seeing me for 15 years. I think we used to butt heads but now that I'm an adult, I think she is the best family physician in the east valley. Only complaint I would have is the wait time when calling the office.
5	I rated this doctor's office a 5 star office because I absolutely adore Dr. Stewart. I have been seeing him for over 20 years, since I was a child. He has seen apart every member of my family also. He has taken the time to get to know each of us. It is so nice to visit a doctor that already knows and remembers your family history, medication, and medical conditions. I have seen other doctors, due to insurance changes over the years, and been so upset by my experiences. Now my insurance choices are based solely on whether or not I will continue to be able to see him! He is hands-down the best doctor in the valley!
5	I have been with Desert View Medical for almost 15 years. The attention & care I have received from Dr. Patterson and his staff has been wonderful. He is the doctor who basically saved my husband's life. My husband made a routine appointment for what he incorrectly thought was a strained neck & shoulder. Dr. Patterson gave him an EKG and determined that he might have had a heart attack. An ambulance was called and Joe was taken to Mercy Gilbert hospital and he had a stint put in. Both my husband & I have always gotten any referrals we have needed in a timely manner.   We are now seeing Dr. Lauber as Dr. Patterson has retired. We are still receiving the same excellent care.   Dr. Lauber's nurse Eulie always calls us back quickly with the results of any medical tests we have had done. I also think the front office is very nice.
5	Dr Stewart is a kind, knowledgeable amazing patient doctor who treated me like I was his only patient of the day. He earned top doc and you would never know it. I have sent several friends there.
5	Cindy office staff was very nice and Dr Combs is a pleasure to deal with.
5	I can see that there are quite a variety of reviews on this site.I'd like to tell you our experience and give you a couple of tips to make that First visit more enjoyable. I've included the BEST tip at the end to make all of your visits there a breeze.Both my husband Rick and I have been patients of Dr David Stewart for 11 years. It takes awhile to make life long friend's and we are so grateful for this one!Rick and I have both been through some tough health issues including cancer and chronic pain. Dr Stewart's forte is building those close relationships where he really knows and cares about our family. Thats important when unexpected crisis occurs. When one of us do need to see a specialist, Dr Stewart knows and recommends only the very best. We love Dr Stewart!Because he is SO popular, we would recommend that you build a relationship with a PA. Our experience has been that should you need to get in same or next day, having a PA is ideal. We would especially point you to two that really know their stuff and are extremely valuable to us.( I'm sure there are more, but these are our Fave's)Vivian Marcuzzo is a treasure. You simply can't beat her caring demeanor combined with an attitude that goes "above and beyond" in searching for ways to make you feel better. Love that lady.Last but hardly least, is PA JD Michaels.Are you looking for a diagnostic wizard who is tender ( for a guy!) to boot? This is your man.Great listening skills. I have never felt rushed.I saw him today, in fact. He had spent a long time days earlier looking over my unusual blood work to diagnose a disease that may have been missed. I am very hopeful this diagnosis will allow me to live life without the pain I've endured the last ?? years.Thanks JD! I've made another friend.So there you have it. My A Team of Professionals that have gotten Rick and I through some scary health challenges. Rick has made it 5 years to Remission despite the odds!  Now for the Tip that will change your mind about the Communication issue. The Practice has put into place a very cool Patient Portal that you can access from your smart phone once you set it up from your own computer.( Its easy, private, with your own secure ID, like your online bank account)Some of the available uses are setting up your appointment, getting test results, sending a note or question to your Dr, checking out insurance... I know there are more but its pretty awesome! I was able to check blood test results today.Overall, I've found warm and excellent service at Desert View. Now, I am not one to write reviews, but this practice was worth my time to help all of you in search of a Drs practice.After all, I once was in your shoes. What brought us?  We saw the Best Health Care Providers Issue, 11 years ago and picked it up.Dr Stewart had won Best Physician In The Valley, Phoenix Magazine. He's pretty low key about that stuff, but I think his nurse Stacey may be hanging up the new ones. The rest, they say is history! :)
5	I love Dr. Wade and his staff.  They have all treated me with such care and respect.  I suffer from chronic pain due to chemo treatment and was forced into early retirement.  At this time I am unable to keep seeing Doctor Wade due to my financial situation.  I am now being treated through AHCCS and look forward to returning to Desert View as soon as I am approved for Medicare.  However, the billing department needs a lot to be desired.  I had an individual in that department brow beat me regarding some medical payment reimbursement which were presented to the billing department on my behalf.  I surely hope someone reads this and offers some resolution to this situation.  Thank you in advance
