5	My fashion dilemma: I needed to look hot for an event and my wardrobe is geared for the corporate world. Compounded by the fact that I would rather have a root canal done than go shopping, I was in a panic.I headed out the door to the usual shops with no luck. A new shopping center recently opened at Northern Ave. & 101. I presented the sales staff with my dilemma they scurried through the store and found a few items - nothing fit the bill. I was stumped. Then the sales clerk directed me across the courtyard to Francesca's.I honestly don't think I could name five boutiques. I was a bit frightened upon entry. I have to admit this cute little boutique has vast inventory of knickknacks and accessories as well as clothing.I met my savior Robin. Presented my dilemma and within 3 minutes she had 6 outfits put together. After the third option I made my decision. Robin consulted on hair, jewelry and accessories, and I was out the door in 30 minutes. The customer service was top notch and to top it all off - I looked fabulous!
5	i love this boutique! i originally found it while visting my friend in chicago. after returning home i visited the web site to realize we had 5 locations here in phoenix! i was so floored i ran right over to the one at 67th and beardsly. All locations are awesome, but my fave so far is northern. its much larger than the one on 67th with great sales and a very heplful friendly staff ( both locations do). This is now my go to shop!
4	I was a complete fan of this place! It was the only place that I shopped at for about a year. They have everything from Wall decor, knickknacks, to clothing and accessories. It is such a great place to find an eclectic gift. Well then came along forever 21. I started to find that I could buy the EXACT same clothes for about 20 dollars less. So you see my dilemma. I love this place but you can find the same clothes somewhere else for much cheaper and you can guess where I went. I still go back every once in a while to view their selections. I would still recommend this place to a friend.
5	I want to LIVE in this place. Seriously. Not even kidding. Not even a little. Francesca's has it all! Clothing, jewelry, shoes, purses, cards, cute cooking items & the list goes on and on. I can literally feel my self control slipping away. It's my own little piece of retail heaven :) If you need a gift, large or small, expensive or inexpensive, for yourself or someone else, you just can't go wrong in this wonderful place.
4	My first impressions of things can sometimes prove to be a little off. This, again, has been proven after my first visit to Francesca's Collections. Upon first seeing the store, my thoughts were, "Middle-aged woman boutique". I did not even think about stepping food in this establishment until about  3 weeks ago.My best friend and I were out and about and we wanted some food from the delicious Blu Burger Grille, which just so happens to be VERY close to Francesca's.We thought, "why not?" and when we stepped into this glorious establishment, we fell in love.My impression, was completely and totally off. The women who work here are extremely nice and very helpful. In fact, one of them even helped my bestie decide on a dress that she bought herself for her birthday. On top of the friendly clerks, the clothes in here are so cute and a lot of them are WELL MADE knock-offs of huge designers. Personally, I hate knock-offs that look so incredibly fake, because it's just like saying, "Yes, I am too lazy to bother to look for a knock-off that looks way more legit, even though I know they are out there". Anywho, now that I am done ranting, I just want to reiterate, one more time, that Francesca's is amazing.
4	Cute little boutique! Inventory changes all the time.  The prices are reasonable and they have great sales all the time.  They carry great gift items as well.  The manager and staff are always friendly and helpful.
5	I LOVE Francesca's!!! They have the cutest and most trendy clothes. You can find an outfit for all occasions: just chillin, girls night out, date night, even work! Some people have said the store is expensive, but I think it's reasonably priced. They're prices are comparable to other stores, and the quality of their clothes is very good. I've been to a few Francesca's around the valley and most of them have snooty sales associates, but the ladies and gentleman at this store are amazingly nice and really want to help you find the perfect outfit without being pushy!
5	On of my favorite stores. It has the cutest thing in here! I always wind up buying more than I planned :}
4	I love accessories, and Francesca's Collections became one of my favorites they have lot's of designs to choose from. I'm sure your kid's, teens will love it too. Keep it up!
1	Annoyed! I usually love Francesca's and love their great customer service but this morning I came by in a hurry on the way to a wedding venue (I'm doing the hair for the wedding) to get a dress and some accessories last minute. I called ahead of time and the voicemail said they opened at 10:00. I got there at 10:05. Nothing. 10:10. No one. I called the contact number twice that was in the window (which too said they open at 10:00) and no one answered. Finally at 10:25 I couldn't wait any longer and went and grabbed a dress from Charming Charlie. Not going to lie, I'm pissed. Francesca's is usually my go to spot and now I will never come back to this one.
