4	excellent food although their dishes are *spicy*. well-priced. small and cosy. always a joy to come here.
4	This restaurant has the most authentic Indian food in Montreal. I lived in India for 3+ years and this restaurant is the closest thing to being there. I highly recommend it.
5	Nothing fancy but the food is authentic and delicious the best in Montreal quality/priceEnjoy ;-)
5	as was previously mentioned, this place is nothing fancy but has some of the better Indian food that I have found outside of India. Always very busy so plan on waiting but worth every minute spent in line.Another great feature is the fact that it is a BYOB
3	Not really sure what all the hype was about. The food is alright, prices average, decor plain, and service adequate. Definitely not worth a special trip. And the buffet is not offered all the time so make sure you check on that before you arrive.
4	This is the best indian place in Montreal that we have tried so far and we've tried many (hence the 5 star rating). My wife comes from Malaysia and Indian food is a big part of their food culture over there. I also lived there for 2 yrs and had indian food almost daily.. Bombay Mahal is the closest to that food that we've had so far outside of Asia. Her parents came over recently from there and also gave it their seal of approval!I think what makes their food so good is that they don't skimp on seasonings and especially not the spiceness. It makes you sweat and makes you want to eat more.The only miss we've had so far in 3 visits were their chicken curry, which apparently was "meh". Everything else has been great. My favorite is the Idli entree which comes with 2 out of this world sauces..
4	I think this restaurant is great, but the owners are sneaky. I have been a dozen times, a noticed something VERY interesting - hear me out. IF your party is visibly drunk, they will totally decrease the meat-to-sauce ratio in all the dishes thinking you won't notice. It has gotten really bad, I mean two small pieces of chicken in a Jalfrezi swimming in a giant bowl of sauce. For TWO PEOPLE. So you wind up getting full on wine and Naan soaked in sauce, which is kind of how I like it anyways. Also, I know two people on two separate occasions who ate at Bombay Mahal and got violent bacterial colitis (ie. shi-----tting blood for 10 days) from that place. My stomach is iron clad - I've eaten street food in Delhi, India with no problem, so I couldn't care less, but beware!
4	Just went for the bajillionth time (okay, it was actually the quintillionth if it's specificity you're after) on Saturday night and I still adore this place. Maybe it's the fact that I have a perennial soft spot for Bring Your Own Wine restaurants. Maybe it's the fact that their food is absolutely delicious, fresh and rather inexpensive. Maybe it's the fact that I get my eyebrows done at Dee's across the street and Bombay Mahal is great comfort food when my entire forehead is throbbing in pain. Whatever it is, I keep going back.My favourite dishes include the palak paneer, which has a brilliant, strong flavour to the spinach, the creamy lamb korma and the vada sambar, which I had for the first time the other night but will definitely be ordering as an appetizer in the future. Their garlic nan is also a treat!If you're heading there for lunch, they have a $5 veg thali that is not only to die for, but surprisingly filling despite appearances. I definitely looked at it with uncertainty when it first arrived, thinking I might have to order an extra side, but I soon discovered it was more than enough.On Friday and Saturday nights, it does tend to fill up, so you'll want to head over with about ten-to-fifteen minutes to spare. Besides that, the service is quick and friendly and it's a great place for a casual BYOW meal.
2	After coming past all the good reviews, I decided to take my Asof out for lunch. Having come from indian background, i do have good idea and experience about indian food. The chana samosa was decent but no way it will cost 5 bucks in any other place. My lamb plate came with dry out salad from yesterday and the lamb was too dry and dull. My wife's lamb biryani was nothing but white rice mixed with regular lamb curry. People, biryani is something made after a lot of effort and hardwork, fuming the rice with spices overtime rather than the so called lame biryani i had. Last words, food is made completely for dudes who have never been into indian places before and are completely ignorant about indian cuisine. Trust me, i have had better indian food in Montreal
2	After being in Montreal for a few days and missing Indian food, we decided to visit Bombay Mahal based on Yelp and Urban Spoon recommendations. Quite a mistake.Food is decent and very reasonably priced, but the restaurant is shoddy and grimy, which ruined my experience. If you are up for a quick no-frills bite and can stand the mess, pop in but I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to eat here.
5	My favourite restaurant in Montreal hands down.If you go and don't like it, it's because you're not ordering the right thing.  My boyfriend and I have gone every 6-8 weeks for the last 4 years and we have tried a variety of dishes, but now, we always order exactly the same thing.Chana Samosa - crunchy, spicy, saucy. Baingan Bharta - velvety pureed eggplant with a kickChicken Korma - creamy dreamy yogurt-y sauce with tender chicken.garlic naan - amazing to dip in the bharta and korma.Buy yourself a bottle of wine, grab a friend, and try the above mentioned  menu next time, (all for about $35).
3	Food is good, setting is basic. Nothing is spectacular but it's fine Indian food for Montreal.
1	Well. I've heard soooo much about this place, so I was super amped and brought a friend with me before we headed off to a party. What a disappointment in every way.Ambiance: None. It's loud. The decor is tacky, and dirty. There's two rooms in which everyone is squished like sardines. Sidenote: I wouldn't mind this if the food was delicious (see Kazu for example).We were asked in line that if we are out in less than an hour we could be seated because there was a reservation at our table. We agreed as we had somewhere to be. We sat down and I got the chicken thali and my friend got the lamb vindaloo. I am a newly formed still-rare occasion meat eater, but I do know what good meat tastes like. The chicken in all my dishes was dry, rubbery and without flavour. The chicken tikka was dry and tasted like it was frozen for years before coming out of hiding. The sauces were boring, metallic tasting and dulled the palate. The rice was the only thing that was edible. I didn't even finish my butter chicken (?!) because it was that disgusting, and I'm poor so I never want to waste food and will usually eat people's leftovers. My friend's vindaloo was also questionable and he was pretty disappointed I took him to such a dump.I will say that the pakoras and their sauce was delicious, even if too greasy, saved the night.Seriously, how do people give this good ratings? I grew up in Toronto where I ate at many Indian homes and have a plethora of delicious Indian restos to consume, so maybe that's why?I went to another place on Jean Talon that has high reviews, and it was much better than this but definitely forgettable and not worthy of repeat visits. Oh, and then there was a line up to pay. Seriously.
4	I'm not a huge fan of Indian food. It's often overly sauced and too rich for my arteries. With that said, eating at Bombay Mahal changed my attitude pretty quickly when it came authentic Indian cuisine. I'm no expert, but I'm no food dummy either. Butter chicken, palak paneer, baingan bharta, curries, tandoori, samosas, and garlic naan bread should taste like that and are all happening at this place! It's a little ghetto and a little dirty, but the food is top notch and you get to bring your own booze! That has gotta make up for the lack of decor and ambiance don't you think? I usually go with a group of buds and we share a variety of meat and vegetarian dishes. It's the best way to get your tasters in and you'll end up only paying between $10 and $20 for your meal. If you're craving Indian food, there is no other place to venture into in Montreal, but go fairly early or you'll surely be hanging out at the door waiting for other patrons to soak up the last of their creamy sauces with garlic naan. Don't say I didn't warn you - especially about the looks of the restaurant which can easily be ignored if you're focusing on your food - which you should be!
4	Don't be scared off by the line that snakes out the door, down the stairs and around the corner - this means the food is amazing (and it's worth the wait). If the wait is not your thing (you'll wait a bit even if you have a reservation), order takeout, and you'll be in and out in just a few minutes flat. Order the chana samosa, baighan bharta, and the shahi paneer (these are all my favourites). It's hard to go wrong, though, so peruse the menu until you find something that strikes your fancy. Go at lunch to take advantage of the $5 vegetarian thali. Pair it with a mango lassi and you've got a stellar meal. This is a hole in the wall spot so don't expect linen tablecloths and a fine dining experience. What you'll get instead is great food, a friendly server and some stellar people-watching moments. BYOW.
4	The food was delicious!  We were in the area after a yelp event and a friend was familiar with this place, so we decided to do dinner here.  It was great.  The food was delicious (we ordered two chicken dishes and a veggie one) and the service was friendly.To be honest, the only reason this doesn't warrant a 5 star is that the ambience is pretty mediocre.  The rest of the experience is perfectly lovely (or possibly even amazing).  I would recommend to practically everyone.
4	We ordered the butter chicken. Creamy and rich and one of those things with a deceiving name. Butter chicken contains no butter, like the chickpea, where it is neither chick nor pea, but unlike Chop Suey, chopped and busting with suey.Lamb Korma. Not gamey at all as the yogurt marinade probably cuts most of it out even though the bone is still in.Chicken Jalfraizi. Really really fragrant and a bit tangy. The chicken was a bit dry as I can imagine white meat was used, but would have probably tasted a lot better had they used dark meat.
4	Best Indian food I've had in Montreal...(so far)...This place is not at all in the running for decor or ambiance.  It's a big room, industrial type floor tiles, cafeteria style tables...but come here for the food!  Wow, it was great.  I went for lunch on a Saturday and there was no line up so I am not sure how busy it gets for dinner, but the food will not disappoint.Service was fine, nothing great but what you would expect in the atmosphere.  Again, it's all about the food here!I ordered the Vindaloo Chicken, but also tried butter chicken and a thali dish.  All good.
3	This place used to my favorite cheap eats Indian in town. The food is reliably tastey and the BYO aspect is a plus for sure (grab good beers and Marche D'Afrique down the road). HOWEVER, a few years ago, they expanded their dining room and lost all quality control. The meat to sauce ratio is now so low that the last time I went I had three (THREE) tiny morsels of chicken in my entire dish. And we weren't even drinking (See Dean A.'s review for more info on that one)! Now, I go across the street to Maison Indian Curry House were I usually get 5 - 8 morsels per dish. Still pretty stingy, but better by a long shot. What the hell happened to Indian being a great value for the $? Sure, the prices have stayed roughly the same, but the amount of food has tapered off significantly. And I really hate to pay for rice. That's just cheap.    My overal verdict of Indian in Montreal (having eaten at eight or so different places on multiple occasions) is that the food is just decent, is no longer a good value, and that the owners pay little attention to the notion of eating as an "experience." I'm not referring to pretense or fancy presentation, but just some pride in the damned product would be nice. The city is ripe for a new contender. Rating Scale:1 Star: Avoid the town in which this place is located just to be safe.  2 Star: With so many great places to choose from, why risk this one?3 Star: I'll try it again or consume here in a pinch.4 Star: I go here regularly if financially and/or calorically feasible.5 Star: I look forward to taking my wife or friends here.
3	I've been here a couple times and it was decent to good. This time however.. I ordered the chicken curry thali and a few papadums. I got the thali. It was decent, though the salad was more of a bland decoration. But where we're the papadums? I asked the waiter once. Later on I asked him again. Later as he was picking up our plates he asked me if I got my papadums. I never did!I believe this place is known for ok to good food and bad service but how often should one have to ask for papadums. Oh yes, and they tried to charge me for them.
4	Ouest of Parc Ave on Jean-Talon you'll find a plethora of indian restaurants. If you are a stranger to this part of town I can understand your anxiety towards choosing the right indian restaurant to wine and dine at. Fear not, Bombay Mahal is the light at the end of this tunnel of eateries. I've been going here for years, and I can say that it is one of the most consistent restaurants with the quality of their meals. So maybe it gets pretty hectic (Friday and Saturday nights tend to have a line up out the street - white folks love their naan) and sometimes service is slow but the wait is sooo worth it. I've seen my mother-in-law lick the butter chicken bowl clean, that's how good it is. TRUST ME! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED.On an authenticity level, I can't say how similar it is to Indian food found in India since I've never been but I can tell you right now that it's always a good sign when you see Indian families enjoying a meal here. Bombay Mahal is vegetarian and vegan friendly and also BYOB (woohoo!) - they also have a great menu for larger groups (5+ people) where you can get whatever dishes you want on the menu all you can eat for $21.95 per person. Not bad if you want to indulge or are eating with a bunch of ogres ;)Recommended dishes: aloo gobi (cauliflower dish), shani paneer (paneer in a tasty orange sauce), and baingan bharta (roasted eggplant). Yum!Side tip: buy your booze at the SAQ or the Loblaws on Parc and Jean Talon. The liquor selection in this neck of town is weak in the depanneurs, unless you like drinking Red Stripe or Labatt's Blue then it's all good!
4	I'm going to start out by admitting that I was scared to death to try this type of food. I'm a very picky eater and ambiance helps me feel comfortable. This place has zero ambiance to speak of. None. Zero.You walk in and there is a tiny room that maybe seats 6 people, they take you behind a door to a larger dining room that is cramped but jam packed. If the place is jam packed its a good sign to me.The waiter noticed our hesitation (we were 8 girls, first time for 7 of us) and he basically gave us what I call a "white girl sampler". He asked what our preference was for meat and how much spice we could handle and then brought an assortment of dishes and sauces to the table.Everything was DELICIOUS. The spices wren't too over powering the flavors were all very good and the service was great. We had a funny waiter who loved to interact and talk with us. My only issue was I had googled Indian food prior to going to get an idea of the menu and their somaos were very different than any I had seen online. It was still delicious but I hadn't seen others smothered in sauce.... (and don't tell anyone but I wanted that sauce on EVERYTHING!) I would go back again but in a few months. I don't think I can handle too much of that food too often. Oh and its bring your own wine which is great. Google told me Pinot Gris goes great with Indian food and I can't lie, it went down smooth!
4	Holy shit this place is awesome. Definitely top 5 Indian in Montreal for what it offers. BYOW, really cheap, everything is super tasty and good. Very basic decor etc, not fancy, but that's not what this place is about. It's about BYOW and food.Went for a second time last night, $20 per person, all had starters and mains and bread etc, super good. Only thing is it makes you feel quite full for a while after.L'etoile des indes and this place are my favorite two Indian in Montreal so far. L'etoile if you want a fancier night with gf with service, here if you want to chow and save. Great place.
3	Ok, so I'd been coming here for years and years, and then I stopped. I don't remember why this stopped being my go-to for Indian on Jean Talon, but I think it had something to do with trying Mahli Sweets, Chand Palace, Punjab Palace, Halal 786 - I broadened my horizons and didn't look back to my undergraduate haunt. Until now. Bombay Mahal is the one place in town that two of my favourite people feel like regulars. They walk in and get hugged and feel at home, so when they wanted to celebrate a big birthday there I was dropping everything, changing plans to spend it with them, all the while wondering what my experience would be all these years later. We had a lovely time, I'll say that. It was about what I expected, tasty but it's honestly not my favourite. The chicken korma was delicious, the naan was excellent, the chana samosa were good though not quite hot, and the sag paneer and butter chicken were kind of flavourless. The stairs to the bathroom were slippery and I slipped pretty hard, so that was a bummer, and the slightly moldy smell down there was not ideal. The thali is ~$10 which is cheap, but almost twice as much as other bigger, and in my opinion better, thali's nearby. But yes, it's relatively inexpensive, BYO, and the staff are super friendly and funny and dear. I think there are better things to order than I did and lots of reasons to go back, but keep adventuring in the area if you're interested in discovering exceptional Indian food in Montreal.
4	Cheap placeGood foodWas never disappointedIt is small and very packed though :)
1	Horrible service. This rating is solely based on the service you receive. Upon picking up a takeout order, I was told there's delivery service in my exact area. No extra fees included. Which made me happy since it's out of my way from work to home. So I place a delivery order by phone and the guy tells me there's a 'delivery fee' of $5.50!!!Not only is that fee preposterous, the guy literally laughed in my ear when asking about the fee.Needless to say I'll mention it to everyone I know.
4	I've been here like 5 times sine my review. Always a good time, and good meal. I just want to add a couple pointers I've noticed.a) The food/curries can be exceptionally filling, tread lightly. Stop when you start feeling full. 2-3 times, I have over eaten and stayed bloated for hours, when I should've stopped and just taken the rest home.b) The prices seem to have gone up slightly. What used to be $40 for two ppl for starters/mains, tip included, is now $50. Still best deal in town though.
5	Been going here for years. It's a great bring your own wine place. There is usually a line, but don't let that influence your decision to go there... the staff is hilarious and quick. I've tried 90% of the menu and its all pretty awesome. My typical order: samosa, pakora, chicken jalfraizi (great level of spice), basmati rice and garlic naan.
