4	Well, this is a weird review to write.  Up until this weekend, I had never even used a shotgun and now here I am the first to review the Ben Avery Shooting Range.  Who knew? My husband recently acquired not one, but two guns - a shotgun and a pistol - much to my dismay.  But, they were here to stay, so I decided to be proactive and learn how to use them.  The shooting range is on the way to Pleasant, right off the Carefree Highway.  I had passed by the place a hundred times on my way to the lake but had never stopped. There are 2 parts to the range, the target practice and the clay target area, a minute up the road.  We first stopped at the target practice area where $5 will cover your daily shooter fee.  This area is the more popular of the two and is VERY loud. Earplugs are necessary and noise canceling headphones couldn't hurt. We didn't end up staying at this area because we had come for clay shooting and I can't say I was disappointed to get out of there. $25 will get you a round of 100 sporting clays.  Each platform has two sporting clay machines that either shoot them high, low or doubles.  At first I was apprehensive, but by the end I was loading the gun and actually enjoying myself.  I ended up shooting 2 out of 10 sporting clays and I have to say I was pretty proud of myself at 20% for my first time. Sunblock, earplugs and water are necessary - lots of water, it is in the middle of the desert and the sun is a killer.  The staff is friendly and helpful; one employee even stopped by our area and offered us water. I can't say this is a new hobby of mine, but I'll be back every now and then to freshen up and practice.
3	I've been to Ben Avery a couple of times. Once for skeet, twice for pistol + AR shooting and the most recent (early '08) for my CCW class (taken through GCC). It's a huge shooting facility with separated sub- ranges. It's a no-frills outdoor place so you gotta plan your visits based on the weather. But having a range master tell you when you can/cannot shoot is a PITA so my friends & I always just go to Table Mesa now. Plus, it's free!
5	On the first and third Thursdays of the month, Ben Avery offers lessons for women. You get to take three classes for free (skeet, trap and sport). And by free, I mean COMPLETELY FREE. They give you a box of rounds, shotgun rental, clays, ear/eye protection and awesome instructors. After your first 3 lessons, you can continue to join the class, but you have to buy your own clays and rounds.  Fred the range master (in charge of the program) is awesome and so is LeRoy (he's in charge of the first-time visitors). And the ladies from Desert Rose that instruct the return visitors are so helpful. Make sure you sign up in advance for the classes though. Space is limited.
3	i took a sunday off to take a handgun safety course this past weekend and this place is huge! there are ranges for not only pistols, but high powered rifles, shotguns, and even bows and arrows. it's all outside and very safe, as gun ushers were constantly alert and around to make sure everyone was following the proper etiquette. i did feel a bit out of place without camo, a trucker cap, and my "Go Palin" bumper sticker...but luckily i have a heavy duty southern accent, so i guess i was OK. i hear it's cheaper than the indoor ranges closer to phoenix, but you pay for it in gas driving all the way out there. ...i don't want know you name, i just want BANG BANG BANG.
5	Ben avery is always a great place to go shooting, it does get busy on the weekend when all the 9-5ers come out to shoot. If i can i go during the week heck i was their yesterday 5/26/10. Its a bit of a drive but they open at 7am during the summer months so you can be out shooting while its not 100. If its your first visit you'll have to watch the safty video, its only a few minutes long.I guess the worst thing about this place is the morons who can't follow range commands.
3	Good and bad.First the good: They have a great skeet, trap and sporting clays range and the range officers were very nice and helpful on me and my buddy's first time trying sporting clays. Several officers noticed he was having problems hitting clays as he's used to shooting scoped rifles. They all stopped by and offered their help in a non-threatening and polite manner and even used their own credits to not waste ours' during the instruction.Their small bore range is very nice and of the matches I have been to have had great experiences. Went to Winter Ranger one year and was very impressed on how that was set up.Now the bad: the public range. The range officers always seem to be cranky and also generally not friendly. I can kind of see why because the other bad is because of some of the shooters there. They are unfamiliar with their weapons or downright don't care. There are some dangerous people on that range. I have been swept with the muzzles of both loaded and unloaded gun NUMEROUS times. Sometimes the officers see, but usually not. I tend to see them more concerned about some very minor violation or making their own rules up. And as I said, just seem to be downright cranky. From what I understand they are all volunteers but that is no excuse. If you can't check your attitude at the door and don't enjoy what you are doing, don't do it.I used to like the public range for sighting in rifles and scopes, but now skip it due to the dangerous shooters and the poor attitude of the range masters. But the skeet and small bore areas are good to go!
5	Shooting, the safe way, for $7 for a day??? Sign me up.I like the set up.  I like that it's outside, I like that it's lit at night, and I like how it's run with a strict hand.  Prevents me from being shot, and I appreciate that.I went on a Wednesday evening at about 6.  While waiting for everybody to get done with their set up, I was looking around at some of the other people there.  Most people there were your standard t-shirt and jeans, and most likely boots type of guy.  Sprinkled in there were some flippy young girls being taught by their uncle or something how to shoot.Then there was the dude in a suit.  I swear, he was wearing a fricken suit!  But it was SO big on this smallish guy... real drapey on him... and I turned to the guys I was with and said, "is that a hit man or a wannabe hitman?"  We couldn't decide. lol  We figured he was too obvious to be an actual hitman. Otherwise, the staff were friendly and helpful.The drive is easy, right off I-17, but at night it's fucking dark. It's like you're headed to the Wayne Mansion or something.
4	Ben Avery, a 1600+ acre shooting range in desert Arizona outside of Phoenix, appears to be one of the more popular destinations on a Sunday afternoon, and among the highest that do not involve any kind of alcohol or controlled chemical substances. For the susprisingly low price of $7/shooter (targets around $1 or less) and the cost of one's own ammo, weapon, ear and eye protection, and after watching a five minute safety video, one too can let out one's aggression and/or boredom with lethal force in a legal fashion.Call me a city slicker (an ironic descripton since I am more often derided as a dweller of suburbia) but, despite firing off about ten chambers worth of a family-owned .38 Special, and since talking is almost impossible over the sounds of gunfire during the shooting rounds, by far the most interesting thing here was the people watching. Besides a general feeling of having stumbled upon a casting call for extras for Red Dawn:- The goth woman accompanied by the long haired hippie toting what appeared to be an assualt shotgun that I would have expected illegal and whose choice of target was simply a wooden board with no sheet that didn't stand a chance- The jolly older man with a .44 magnum who joked about using it as an anti road-rage deterrent from a moving vehicle- The hardcore sniper shooting at a target 500 yards away who needed to use a scope to see the results of his firing- Blonde, blue-eyed All-American children that couldn't have been over 10 firing pistols with a smile (and hopefully the gravity of the situation)- The ultimate hipster toting his rifle in a guitar case- The announcer who continuously reminded people over loudspeaker to stay away from the firearm tables during the ceasefire break which, after about the ten-thousandth time, must get old for them- Walter Sobchak (... not really on this one, but I was holding out hope)I'll admit I don't have much experience with these facilities, but for an outdoor range with many other ranges to cater to competitive shooting, especially in ideal outdoor weather, Ben Avery seemed like a good place to spend a few hours for those averse to physical exercise (recoil-induced wrist-stretching notwithstanding) and for some father-son bonding. I'd implore you to be safe - but the friendly NRA-approved range master will remind you of that at least five times during the course of a normal visit.
5	I know a lot of people that go way out in the desert to shoot. With BASF so close, so cheap, so safe, & so nice, why would you go out to a remote location?A mere $7.00 a day (children free) gets you access to the single largest publicly funded and publicly accessable shooting range in the WORLD! Most other ranges of this size and this diverse are military only. Take advantage of this national treasure and go! The people are super nice and the firing line is well regulated. Supplies are cheep and there are some great classes.============================Updated Review============================I went there last Saturday.  It was the first cool Saturday after a long hot summer and deer season approaches.  As you might imagine - it was PACKED and we had to wait about 45 minutes to get a table to shoot from.  there were other unused areas (small bore, silhouette, etc) that could have handled the overflow with ease, but for reasons unknown they kept them closed.I still maintain that the old men working here are very thorough in their job.  They are safety conscious and don't mind helping novice shooters - and they do it all with a very friendly, warm, and congenial demeanor.  The lady in the booth where you pay is extremely nice too.  However the young lady at that runs the range from the officers box is an absolute beeee-yotch!She was gruff, kurt, short, hot headed, rude and makes me reconsider the whole Ben Avery Experience.  If there is anything I hate it's when you are trying to walk the tight rope and be on your best behavior and some one jumps your @$$ for minor minor infractions and treats you like a life long hardened criminal.  Seriously I think she needs to find a way of dealing with the stress of her job and not venting it out on every one at the range.The last time I went, the rifles didn't have to be in a case, if yours wasn't they had a loaner for you to use and it was no problem.  I arrived this time sans case and they lady that took my $7.00 said the same thing she said last time "No problem.  Take your gun to the Range Officer and she'll give you one."  When I showed up the Female R.O. jumped me six ways to Sunday about the case.  If they are having internal communication issues, that's their problem and I should never be the wiser.I still like the range and it is still one of my favorite things in all of the valley, but the next time I go, I hope she treats me better.  I'll turn the other cheek once - next time it involves paperwork and a letter to her superior.
4	I really like this place! Plenty of room, very organized. And is willing to help you out. Price is very acceptable @ $7.00 a day. They have ear plugs, targets and beverages to purchase at a reasonable price. If it's your first time there is a 10 min video they want you to watch. It's diffidently a great place to go, just have to watch out for dumb A$$ like myself. I tend to have a major brain freeze. But the workers there are nice enough to let me know what I did wrong in a polite way. Give me time! I promise I won't shoot anyone! I'll get better.
5	Guns, lots of guns,Oh my god, if you like very, very, very shiny guns, this is the place to go, inexpensive, friendly people who loveeeeee to talk about their passion and are more than willing to help and advise you .....just a great place to hang out for a few hours and go "bang"
4	It's a shooting range, not too much to say about it. We've been here two years in a row now for daughter's archery tournaments. There would be no other reason that I come here. I will say that if you're going to practice shooting anything, I would rather it be at a range than out in the desert or your backyard. Controlled environments- good!
4	I haven't fired a gun in probably 20 years. So when Jen suggested we get a group together to head to a shooting range, I was all on it. Jen and Travis have an array of guns. The .22 Luger was my favorite, and the one with the most accuracy.
1	This review is not for the shooting range, but for the instructor, Rick Barkett, who conducted our CCW course a few months back.The entire class of about 50 people were in agreement, when I say that this guy is a MAJOR FUCKING ASSHOLE.He was clearly disgusted that so many people, many of whom weren't very knowledgeable about firearms, could be attending a class for a concealed carry permit.Now, I would agree that some of them should know more about their pistols & revolvers before they try to carry them around in their back pockets, but since we live in a country where we still have the right to bear arms, and they were attending a class to follow legal protocol, I'd say that this guy should just shut the fuck up and teach his class without passing so much judgment on the students.If nobody asked a question, he had a smart ass remark about that.  If somebody asked a question, he had an equally smart ass remark.During the shooting portion of the training, he was totally condescending towards everybody, although he did shut the fuck up with me when he saw all 15 of my bullseye shots!! There was one guy who actually wanted to slash his tires after the course but reconsidered because of all the surveillance cameras at the joint.  THAT would have been funny.If I ever see his name again for a training class, I'll be sure to skip it and attend elsewhere.
5	They have a great crew working here. Range is always clean. I'm here once a week.
4	This is a rather large outdoor range with a lot of shooting options.  Even when it is very busy, as it has been lately, it is very well run with good precision and strong safety control.  They provide standup target frames for rifle and pistol shooting which you can set to a wide variety of distances.  The staff is courteous and friendly while maintaining safety across the range.
4	This facility is HUGE!  The Outdoor expo was a lot of fun and is truly great for families.  Its FREE too!
4	First time here today. Coming from the east coast and used to indoor, high dollar places I really enjoyed it. Safety is number 1 here! I had no problems with the rules or the range masters. They were very friendly and offered great advice when I needed it. Trust me, anyone with a gun can shoot here and I bet they have seen it all. They have inexpensive targets for sale ( mine were .30cents) as well as ones up to $4....your not required to buy.Expect to have a cease fire about every 20 minutes that lasts about 10 so folks can check/changle targets or distance.They provide solid (concrete) shooting benchs under cover. I had no wait on a Sat. afternoon. I will definitly go back when my next build is done.
4	Good sized range and a fairly cheap price. Kinda wish I could get an annual membership here. Pace of shooting is a little bit slower due to it being a public shared range of large size (necessary). They also sell paper targets at a very reasonable price.
4	Great shooting range. Similar to other county ranges I have been to. Very structured and safe. The only thing that bothered me there, and I understand that the range officials are just doing their job, is that sometimes it's really annoying how they micro mamage everything and look you almost over the shoulder. Even when we were taping the target, one of them came over criticizing and taping it for us. Too much. But I like shooting. So I will be back.
5	Great shooting facility. Friendly on entry and you can tell these guys have a passion for the sport, they were eager to get me and my first-timer friend out to the sporting clays course. Paid $35 for 50 clays, ammunition and gun. I could handle 150 clays on the course before I would get bored. Plenty of cool rapport pairs and layouts. Bernie, one of the staff, was really helpful in giving us tips on how to deal with the rabbit station. I look forward to coming back here while in the area.
3	Went again a few weeks ago. Been quite a while since I had been there. The range officer at the booth on the microphone was a complete jerk. Several times when people made some safety mistakes he berated them over the microphone. He was talking to adults like they were children. He even told one guy that, granted, made the same mistake of touching the items on the table during ceasefires, but he called the guy out saying "WHAT DID I JUST TELL YOU!?!?" This was completely inappropriate. Had he talked to me like this I probably would have been thrown off the range for telling the guy that I wasn't a child and not to talk to me like one. As I mentioned before, I realize that they see all kinds of dangerous behavior, but there is a better way to talk to people. Embarrassing them in public is never the way.
4	While visiting Phoenix during our Canadian Thanksgiving weekend, we figured what's a more American activity than shooting some guns? :)My girlfriend (who's also my coworker) had recently attended a skeet shooting team building event so we thought we'd show off our skills to our boyfriends. The four of us arrived shortly after 10AM and they set us up with some waivers as we watched a safety video and took a short quiz. With our ear plugs, eye protection and shooting gear, we were ready to go. The guide gave us a quick demo on the clay releases, reinforced gun safety and then we were set to go on our own. We did manage to make it thru about 10 stations, but being that it gets quite hot in Phoenix as the day progresses, we didn't stay as long as we would have liked. (There was a whole other section of stations we could have tried out)It worked out to be about $50 for us ($30 for 100 clays and $10 for gun rental + taxes) and honestly that's pretty good for a morning of entertainment.
5	I just moved to this area from Illinois where I was a member of a private sportsmans club.  I was cautious at Ben Avery based on some negative reviews here and on google.  I visited on a Thursday around lunch time.  The woman who took my shooting fee was friendly and offered me eye, hearing protection and targets (which I did not need).  To the RSO station (at this point you should have your eye and hearing protection ON if the range is "HOT" (people are shooting)), I was immediately greeted and asked what distance I would be shooting, was given a table number.  The shooting areas, benches and stools are clean and in good condition.  Brass is policed and not littered everywhere, like at many other ranges, clubs I've been to.On to shooting - watch the video on youtube.  Their safety rules are simple and straight-forward.  Follow them.  Their are several RSOs to help, answer questions, etc.  They have cease-fire every 15 mins - which is great because it gives you more opportunities to check and reset your targets, etc.  The RSO announcements are clear and provide frequent reminders of rules, etc.The RSOs I encountered were friendly and helpful.  I suspect it gets busy on the weekends and RSOs must be more attentive and assertive when people are being unsafe.  At any rate, I used to pay over $500/year membership at a private club, plus volunteer time commitments. For $7/day, I'm in heaven here!
5	I can't think of anything I don't like about this range.  It's huge, with options for all types of shooting, good benches, and decent supplies if you need them.  On the main range there are concrete benches with seating on either side for left-handed or right-handed shooting.  There are target holders in the ground at all the various ranges you'd expect, and plenty of target frames are provided.  The frames are pretty large and good enough for a solid four targets at a time, so you have plenty to shoot at during the shooting interval.  The range safety guys are always courteous, helpful, and friendly.
5	Ben Avery Shooting Range consists of several different ranges. Along with their pistol/rifle range they also offer an archery range and a world class clay's center. I shoot sporting clays or trap most every Saturday here. They offer state of the art equipment (launchers) and everything is meticulously maintained. The three sporting clays courses are both challenging and frequently changed. In other words, every time I come here they offer a different course of fire. If you are a beginner the range offers both loaner shotguns and rentals. They also offer target load ammo for use at their range at a very reasonable cost. The employees are always more than happy to help new shooters if asked for help or suggestions.
2	Some people like mediocracy, and then there is the rest of the world.  YES, you can discharge weapons in a designated direction at this facility, that alone is worth 5 stars, assuming the range officers were not sarcastic and condescending, and assuming you could use the rest of the range without being part of some club or group.  Safety is important and risk will never be eliminated but this place takes the cake in reference to simply tuning people off with their delivery.  If you are a child, this is the place for you.  If you are sighting in rifle, this place is satisfactory, but if you want to see what a real outdoor range look like go to Butterfield Shooting Facility outside of Las Cruces New Mexico.  Over time I go to this place I remember why I rarely do it.  What people do not realize about talking down to groups of people based on the actions of a few is that the groups of people rotate constantly therefore sending mixed messages to those who have just arrived.  Anyway, triggers can be pulled here...  But paper is the only thing you can shoot, and long distance or anything else that is common among shooters for the last 100 years is not allowed.  If National Healthcare, bar food, or dial-up internet was a shooting range...  It would be this place.  If postal workers and/or overzelous rookie cops worked the range 1 or 2 days out of the week and wanted you to know how enthusiastic they aren't or how intense they can get, respectively....  It would be this place.  If TopGolf's facility director ran a shooting facility.... Maybe she does... :-/
