1	Worst place ever!!! Every time they try to fix somthing it ends up getting worse.  3 times I've had the oil filters placed wrong and had it spew out oil in my driveway.  They change my belts for "routine maintenance"....now they squeak (two years later they still wont fix the squeak).  they serviced my brakes and now one side is clicking....they just told me i need new breaks (they weren't clicking before they serviced them).   I used to use their oil change coupons but am now to the point that I'll just pay more for oil changes and avoid all the trouble.  It took me a while but I've learned my lesson.
3	Get there early. I went for an Oil change. They have 3 packages. Regular ( basic oil) to synthetic. With no waiting you're looking at 45 min to an hour. Smaller Vehicles usually needs 4 quarts of oil at the regular prices. However, if you vehicle requires 5 quarts then they will charge for the extra. Good Luck Yelpers!
1	Despite making an appointment, my tire rotation took over 90 minutes.
1	I bought one of those Tire Works peeler stickers with the intention of getting a few free oil changes. They are obviously a ploy to get you into the store. They are friendly at the counter however you are not getting any real discounts on oil changes. Go to Jiffy Lube if you want an oil change don't go there. I waited 2 hours because they didn't have my oil filter in the shop. Then I realized there was an oil leak from them not doing good work and verifying their work before they give it to the customer. So I ended up getting in a a phone call and email battle with Carmen Gomez. I tried to overlook everything and give them another try because Carmen promised a free oil change. I emailed her and even left a voice mail to get my free oil change she promised but was simply ignored.  I went to the Centennial store and tried to call her. Todd upfront even gave me her number. I was there because I had 3 cars that needed oil changes. Well they got my business for one vehicle but I realized I won't spend another dollar there. When my oil change was done one of there workers left oil on my key chain, oil on my door handle and on the inside of my truck where the door handle is and steering wheel. I politely asked Todd if I can have a rag and windex. He was annoyed that his worker had done such an unprofessional job. If you asked me, I think his worker was on drugs. They also claim they have a corporate office. However, it's just smoke and mirrors. I plan to contact the owners Roshie and Jeffrey Weightman. Please read the emails threads on my Google Reviews.
1	I have been a patron of this store since it opened and I do not know where to begin, so I'll start with this, stay away! As one other rater mentioned in another post, they keep changing managers. Because the place is so convenient I have tried to use it over the years and each time I do, i get disgusted and stop. Then they get a new manager and I try again, each time with the same result. The guys are either incompetent or unconcerned with customer satisfaction and safety. I have had multiple bad experiences, but the one that takes the cake is when they installed new tires on my vehicle and two of them went flat while driving on the 215 soon there after. The reason for the flat tires is they reused the old valve stems when installing the new tires. Are you kidding me, who does that and charged for new? Answer above.Be careful with these guys.
5	Awesome and quick service!  I pulled in to have the low pressure light looked at and was seen right away! Thanks!!
1	Called to find out how much it costs to have some tires mounted and balanced. I was given a price per tire. When I arrived in the store they didn't know what I was talking about and charged double the cost I was quoted on the phone. I went here because the price on the phone was cheaper than the discount tire 3 minutes from my house. But it ended up being the same in the store. From now on I will just go to discount tire.I ended up having the tires mounted here simply because it cost the same as the other local tire shops. But the wait ended up being nearly 3 hours. Unacceptable.
1	I came in 6 months ago to change my breaks, rotors etc, the entire thing cost $700. Fair, I understand cars have their problems. The man who informed me about everything they did on the car was knowledgable and polite. I come in to bring my car (5/16/14) an hour before closing time & needed my rotors rotated  & said they can't do it because they're busy until tomorrow. FAIR AGAIN so I was told to bring it in first thing in the morning when they open at 7am. & was told that it'll take about an hour for it to be finished So I bring it exactly then, the man in the front (whom I've never seen before) informs me that the mechanic isn't in. 3 hrs later I just CALL to check up if the cars being looked at, same man I spoke to in the morning answers the phone RUDE AS CAN BE. & hangs up before I am done with all the answers I wanted somewhat answered. (I get that not all can be answered since he's not the one working on it). TEACH THE STAFF TO BE MORE POLITE especially to those with warranties & paying customers. I come in to bring in business. They must not forget, their pay checks are made possible by people like me. I say this, because I work as well & I know customer service, since I work as a representative for a company.
5	Best Experience,I have not had many great experiences when having my car serviced, coming from a service industry background I understand how the business works. #1    Great appointment setting "Charlie" did a excellent job setting up the appointment, getting the car in on time, giving updates on work being done, very well run and smoothly operated.#2 knowledge was exceptional, I know when I am getting the run around and knew what condition the car was in. They addressed everything and confirmed any items I might have not seen as worn, no BS just straight up what they saw.#3 Customer service above and beyond start to finish#4 went in for a alignment, It was done proper and above my expectations again great communication between the Technician, Service/Store manager and Customer/Me.# definantley will go back again
5	Well, can't say that I agree with some of the others that have posted here for this business.  So I'll give you my thoughts.  First off, I am medically retired, and on a fixed income.  I had a fuel pump going out, and just this morning my starter died while parked in my garage.  I called Tire Works, and Charlie M. was very much willing to work with me with how much I had to spend, and actual cost of the repairs.  I had to have my truck towed to Tire Works, and they were very prompt in getting it up on the rack, and fixing both issues.  I was very impressed with the professionalism, courtesy and speed in which my vehicle was in and out of their repair bay.  I just got home from their shop, and can't be more pleased with the results.  I got a lifetime warranty on the starter; and Charlie informed me that if anything happens to/with the fuel pump...they will work with me on getting any further work done (I did not purchase the fuel pump through Tire Works).  I understand the fuel pump warranty issue, and was good with what I was told.  This was my first time going to this particular Tire Works shop (I've used others in other locations throughout Vegas), and give them a BIG "thumbs up"/kudos for all they did for me.  I personally, would/will recommend this business to others.  Thanks again Charlie, and staff!!!
1	Brought a tire bought drom them 3 months ago and they as id that i need a new tire and because my daught drove 1/2 a block on tire it voided warenty. Had another tire that my son put a plug into and didn't dike the plug so it came out. Again answer was need a new tire it couldn't be repaired. It still jas full tred? Scam sham. I knownew tires is where the money is; however honoring a warranty keeeps people that buy six tires in a year coming back.
1	Bent 2 rims by hitting a curb and my car was towed there by AAA. Was told my car had NO brakes and needed to replace all 4 rotors and brake pads, 1 rear brake caliper and that I blew my shocks out by hitting the curb. My quote was $2,200! I let them replace the rims and rear brakes but not the other items. Took my car to the Toyota dealership 2 days later and was told there was nothing wrong with my brake pads / rotors on the front and that my shocks were totally fine and did not need replaced. I wish I had not replaced the rear brakes with them... most likely was not needed and I feel scammed. Will only take my car to Toyota from now on.
1	I am new to Yelp and have used it on several instances for good advice on restaurants and just general good advice about businesses. Anyway I had a HORRIBLE experience with Tire Works!!!!! I bought a set of new tires for my Tacoma. Brand name Cooper A/T's for my truck. Well when I had them installed I scheduled a time when I could get them installed. I dropped my truck off and it sat for 3 hours and never been touched!!!! Mind you I just spent $700 plus on freaking tires!!!! After talking to the store manager to hurry up because I had to go to work they finally installed my tires. At the time when my tires were installed I declined to have my alignment checked because I had to go to work and I talked to the manager I asked him if I could come by the following day to have it aligned and he said that would be ok. So the following day I had my truck aligned by them in and out pretty quick. Well after a few weeks I noticed my tires were cupping. So I took it back to Tire Works for either an alignment issue or faulty tires. After they looked at my truck they said my shocks were bad which I didn't believe but I went ahead and replaced them myself and there was nothing wrong with my shocks on the truck. So I went back to tire works to get my tires warrantied with my new shocks and they told me I had to contact Mondona which is Tire Works warranty claims individual. Anyway after he hawing around and arguing with me she finally decided to warranty the tires NOT!!!! After I got off the phone with her I got a call from her boss and he told me that since I declined to have my tuck aligned when I purchased the tires my warranty was void even though I went back the following day after purchase and had the truck aligned. After that he insulted me and basically said I was an "idiot" for declining to get the alignment done that day!!!!!! Take my advice NEVER EVER go to Tire Works!!!!!!!!! I have gone to Discount Tires since I started driving and if you have an issue they fix it on the spot! The only reason I went to Tire Works was because I got a good deal "or I though" on the tires when I purchased them. DON'T DO IT TIRE WORKS IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST!!!!!!!!
