4	Had the rare opportunity to abandon the kids for the evening and go and have a night out with the other half.  I tried to book, but was told that they only have so many tables to book each evening and these were gone, so only option was to go in and wait for a table.  We arrived at 730pm Friday 28th sept 2012, told it was a 1hour 45min wait.  We decided to wait, the atmosphere was brilliant, the interior beautiful, I loved the loos, brilliant loo handle, so much so, I had to take a photo ( I must be rather sad, over come with excitement for getting out for the evening).  I think I made my way through half the cocktail list at the bar in the wait for our table, we also ordered 2 appetisers, during our wait at the bar.  The cheesy nachos dish was beautiful and then we ordered bread and oils, this wasn't so good, the bread was dry and required more oil, would have been nice to have a separate dish of oil for dipping.  The bread comes in a fancy small dish, 3 of our breads fell out on the floor, the waitress picked them up and walked away, and to be honest we were that starving from our wait I would have ate them off the floor.  I do think that we should have been given more bread, as the dish the bread is delivered in is not suitable for when waiting in the bar area.  But that is me being very picky.  We did get our table bang on the full 1hr45min wait.  Food arrived promptly that we ordered, I had the pasta arribbatta dish, was very hot and spicy, just the way I love it, my partner had the lamb, he said it was good but he has had better lamb kebabs ( I think that meant it was ok, but not amazing).  I think I will need to go back very soon, this time not so drunk just to check out that it was that great.  Overall I had a brilliant time, met my expectations, I loved the food and the building.
3	Sadly rather average. We were expecting something special (my wife has been to the Glasgow restaurant before and had a good experience). Unfortunately we were disappointed.We were there with our 2 children for a Saturday lunch so it was very busy but I don't think that is enough of an excuse for the lack of distinction in the food and the rather lacklustre service. The kids meals were particularly uninspiring. My daughter had the fish fingers but there was nothing to go with the fish (which was a very small portion) other than a tiny salad (which didn't really fit with the dish).If you want a family friendly Italian experience in Edinburgh there are much better choices (for example La Favorita or any of that chain).
4	This was my first trip to Jamie's and it was a work Christmas lunch for 30 people.  Nice surroundings and decor.  I liked the rustic feel and was pleased with the meal.  Only two niggles, firstly the waitress never did bring the glass of water or bread basket that I asked for and secondly the pre-ordered lunch menu didn't list any information about veggie deserts, it took a phone call to the restaurant beforehand to establish that the pudding I had ordered of panetoni ice cream wasn't veggie.  That aside the meal was great.  I loved the anti pasti sharing platters to start, I loved the quality and care that chose the olives from a specific region and the tomatoes from the foothills of mount Vesuvius. I would come back here again for sure, maybe after the Christmas rush for a more attentive waitress.  Nice touch to have a shop to purchase the goodies that the restaurant use.
3	Went on Tuesday (18 December 2012). Not the best Italian in Edinburgh. Probably not the best within a few hundred yards of the Assembly Rooms. Fairly good antipasti despite the crostini being slightly stale. Nice pork belly. Tip top roast potatoes. Too rich chocolate tart. The room was interesting and enjoyable. But with average food there has to be something really special to make you come back. It lacked wow or pizazz. The staff were competent and pleasant. But in competition with family run places like Nonna's in Morningside they're sure to come second.
4	First time here and have to say it was a very enjoyable experience. All staff v helpful and friendly, choice on menu excellent, tasted out of this world and cost reasonable. Will definitely be going back :)
3	I've only ever visited Jamie's Italian in Edinburgh for drinks. I wasn't wowed by the house white so its probably better to spend a bit more. The location in the Assembly Rooms is lovely, with gorgeous chandeliers and italian meats hanging from the bar area. The shared platters look fab and if I return it will be to sample this.
3	Visited this place at lunch time with Rayan D. I wasn't sure how popular this place is and whether we should book a table or not (since it's 'only' lunch time) and we decided to chance it. A table was indeed available when we arrived.Upon entering the restaurant, I saw big chandeliers and red walls - for some reason I had expected a more modern look but at least it made an effect on me :)In the downstairs dining area there is a big italian bar 'island' with large parma hams hanging from above. Like Karen D. noted, probably not the best place to be seated if you are a vegetarian (I'm not though) and we had a table close by.The waiter appeared very quickly and took our drinks order and explained the daily specials. I chose the slow cooked lamb ravioli with a sauce of sundried tomatoes and peas - it sounded wonderful. When my dish arrived, it looked and tasted lovely - the only issue was that the pasta was a bit undercooked. I guess the ravioli edges were thicker and thus needed more cooking time. I explained this to the waiter who promised to rectify the situation. Meanwhile I tried Rayan's wild rabbit taglioni which was delicious, such lovely flavours!After a while, a new dish was brought for me. I tried the ravioli. Still tasted great - but sadly still a bit undercooked. The centre of the ravioli was fine though, so I ate the food. Rayan had a dessert of limoncello jelly and ice cream with fruit salad. I had a spoonful or 2 to try and it didn't blow my socks off. The fruit salad especially was not great, stringy sections of blood orange. Nice ice cream.The service was absolutely spot on in this place, very attentive and friendly waiters so I was really pleased with that. They had kindly taken the dessert off the bill as I had an issue with the main course.All in all I would like to try this place once more, perhaps for dinner next time.
3	I wandered in here and did a double take - was I in the right place? Is this still in Edinburgh and if so why doesn't the rest of Edinburgh look like this? (Why doesn't my kitchen look like this) - Yes I am impressed with the interior from the mezzanine to the indoor market feel of the chartecurie Island 'bar' in the middle. Once seated we were promptly helped by a waiter-in-training. He was nervous but incredibly friendly and helpful. (possibly the watchful eyes of his mentor played part in this but it felt very genuine). I was here with Anita A. (she reviewed this earlier) My experience was slightly different than hers. I too noticed the big shapy chandeliers and I think they fit. As mentioned the service is high standard, as we had a trainee waiter we'll overlook some of the mistakes that he made.  My Rabbit Taglioni was delicious, well cooked and well seasoned. Anita's slow cooked lamb ravioli (a special) was al dente, however the pasta (all daily home made and fresh btw) was a big thick on the edges thus in our opinion deserved some longer cooking time. This was mentioned and promptly the dish was returned to the kitchen and chef made a new dish with 12 min cooked ravioli instead of 8. When delivered back to the table, they ensured that every care was taken to make this dish perfect... but he forgot to supply Anita with some fresh cutlery as they took the former set away to the kitchen, thus she had to nick from the table behind her. These extra 4 minutes made not much difference to the thickness of the ravioli edges, nor was it notably softer. Anita left these on her plate. The sauce and filling were delicious though. The limoncello jello dessert was meh. It didn't feel there was much effort was put in to this. The FroYo was good though.In all this place is very good, but somehow it needs a bit more work.  I expected more from this. Shame because I do not want a place like this to get a bad reputation and it has a lot of initial WOW factors but when it come to the delivery there are niggles. I don't like niggly bits, they annoy me and create bad aftertaste, both in the food and in the overall feeling. Anita and I will try it again for a dinner.
1	Very cool restaurant in New Town, decoration and style is top even the toilets, but there its all ends...The food! How can a famous person making nice tv shows, (going to NY experience the best food....) let this happen.We had 4 disches four lunchBruschettasalladrisottoBake chestnut mushroomsAnd my drink was horrible, i also think they forgot to put the alcohol in it...it all where totally out of flavour and completly waste of money.Staff was okJamie time to go to italy and try how to make italien food...or shall maybe Gordon Ramsey make a show about this place and help it to get better.....
4	Wow - what an amazing restaurant. Food was incredible and beautiful setting, although next time we'll be wearing our winter woollies. Unfortunately the typical high Edinburgh ceilings made it just a wee bit uncomfortable. We couldn't go home to warm up because our flat is the same! Lol!
4	Managed to grab a table for dinner on Sunday night at the start of June without a reservation. I was pretty chuffed as I'd been meaning to try it for a while & loads of friends have been raving about the service & the food.The location is fab - in the newly refurb'd Assembly Rooms on George St. The decor is amazing. The charcuterie bar in the centre is a nice touch and I really like the open view of the kitchen. I spied a chef's table which looks like it is almost in the kitchen. Such fun!The service was really good. Our waiter explained the set-up & made some good recommendations. He was attentive without bring in our face.We had the sharing platter between the two of us & it was plenty big enough. The charcuterie selection was great and we were pretty full by the time we gad mar our way through the meats & cheeses. I loved the arancini balls. Full of flavour & melt in the mouth texture. We played roulette with the chilli peppers. Luckily for me they weren't too kickin' & i didn't end up with mascara running down my face.There were plenty taster portions of the mains too. OH didn't like the risotto. He thought it too bland but I enjoyed it & would definitely have it as a main. The spaghetti was average but it's not my fav Italian dish so it didn't let the side down for me. The chicken dish was lovely & I enjoyed my first taste of polenta chips. Though a bot more seasoning wouldn't have gone amiss.The platter was so big, that I had to share my brownie & ice cream with the OH as I was too full to manage a portion to myself. A delicious moist brownie & a decent sized portion. I'm be back for more.
3	Touring with picky eaters can be frustrating, so when I saw Jamie's Italian I felt it was a safe bet since my picky eaters like pasta. The waitstaff was busy but very attentive, friendly, and easy to talk to. The decor is has a bright modern appeal, high ceilings give a nice feel of open space. Lots of attention to details such as decorative tiles.The food was great. Tip if your picky 8 year old has barely eaten anything all day, one kid's spaghetti bolognese may not cover it, we had to order a second. They brought out a little decorated "Shake Salad" in a sealed container with the kids meal. Nice little touch, I'm sure meant to make a healthy addition fun for the kids.I had a delicious pepper burger, with seasoned fries, and micro brew bottled beer. The only reasons I don't give this place a higher score is that it felt very trendy, like going to Hard Rock Cafe, or some other large chain, and their lack of a draft beer selection. I was hoping for something a little more out of the ordinary from the Jamie Oliver I've seen on t.v.
4	So glad we got a table here. After calling about getting a booking, they told us they were full that night but if we wanted to come by late around 9 PM, possible they could find us something. We did just that and the very nice host who met us immediately said she will get us a quiet table. The service here was outstanding and we thought the place had a really cool kind of vibe to it with an interesting and very reasonable priced menu. We started with cheesy rissoto balls in marinara which were great and a plank of cured Italian meats, cheese and these super good olives. For dinner we had a seafood mussel rissoto with bacon and a tagliatelle bolognese which looked like octopus tentacles but tasted absolutely perfect. Overall our best dinner in Edinburgh.
2	It was allright.. Loud and we got a table in the middle of the floor and got almost run over by people multiple times. My partners food was nice, and mine terrible. Seafood pasta minus food. Nasty. Starters was poor. Disappointment!
5	Always a great meal and I feel like I'm eating healthier alternatives. Fresh! I've been to many of the Jamie's locations throughout the UK and the Edinburgh location at the Assembly Rooms is definitely a favorite! Service is great. Tonight I had the crab arancini as an appetizer and the ricotta gnudi for my main. Yummy as always! Never been disappointed!
1	Being a Jamie Oliver fan back from his Naked Chef show days, I was excited to finally be able to eat at one of his restaurants. Sadly, this experience turned out to be one of the worst dining experiences of my life! They give you a pager that you can't leave the restaurant with, which is understandable given that the pager range may be limited. However, when I asked if we could put our name down and come back in about an hour to pick up our pager (which a lot of restaurants do, especially Cheesecake Factory given their popularity), considering the wait time we were quoted was 1.5 to 2 hours, we were told no, that we had to wait in the small bar area that had no seating area and was already overcrowded.While standing and waiting in the small bar area we decided we would seat ourselves at the bar in the middle of the restaurant. There were six open stools and we sat in four of the empty stools. Where we sat there was only a bar menu. We thought that we could at least order some appetizers at this bar, however, a waitress quickly chased us out of that area and said that we couldn't sit there because they were planning to seat people for dinner there. What a joke! The whole 2+ hours we were there, they never sat anyone there! When we were finally seated after what felt like an eternity, we were seated in the back of the restaurant by the kitchen. Waiters butts were right there. It felt like it was over 100 degrees Fahrenheit. It was so hot and uncomfortable sitting in that area that I had to go outside to cool down. All you felt sitting in this section right by the open kitchen was just heat radiating at you from the ovens, it was as if I was sitting in an oven while trying to eat my meal. After moving our table, the food arrived.Now I realize we weren't in Italy; however, you'd think eating at a restaurant that has a well-known chef as its owner who has cooking shows and criticizes what people eat in America, that you'd be able to get a decent meal. Not the case at Jamie Oliver's where the pasta was horrible and there was no complimentary bread. Jamie should take a page from Carrabba's (an Italian chain restaurant in America) for how to serve quality Italian food. You'd think Jamie Oliver could actually serve decent food at his namesake restaurant considering he's a chef and has a cooking show, where he appears to know what he's doing, but clearly not! Overall, just a miserable dining experience on so many different levels.
3	Keeping an eye on the Yelp Vouchers deals "Talk"/thread, I jumped into the Amazon local voucher for Jamie's Italian in Edinburgh! Small print: it can only be used in July, not August like Glasgow's Jamie's Italian. The service was a bit disappointing: the waitress didn't know what is the fish of the day, neither what the blade steak was like (size, weight), nor that the starter comes with focaccia bread which the chef missed adding when the meat plank was brought in our table. The starter - mix of meat and vegetarian choices - nothing was precooked apart from grilled vegetables: selection of salami and ham, cheese, olives and chillies. The two of us got the feather blade steak which was surprisingly good, being used to the chunky Scottish steaks! The chips were signature polenta, I think they were like smashed potato with semolina, a pleasant change compared to the standard ones, sprinkled with Parmesan cheese. Finally we had as dessert a hearty size of chocolate brownie with ice cream, while one friend had the Raspberry and chocolate rippled pavlova which was the highlight of the night! Would I go back? I doubt it!You fancy checking out what the Jamie Italian looks like? Go for it!
3	Just ok but nothing special even with it being a birthday and pre theatre venue. Jamie's chicken served to me was mostly fatty so a wee bit meh as it felt like all I'd eaten was a big portion of salad that came with it. The macaroni tuna dish duly filled up my partner and the burger for another in our party thought it was a very generous portion. Also great service from our waitress without being in your face, but as it was lunch bites we were having we were seated next to the kitchen. Now that's great if you like the heat in a working kitchen, but if you like it cooler then you might have to go sit outside for a bit of ventilation as there is no air con that I could feel. Bottle of Proscueto on arrival as a birthday gift for being a gold member was really thoughtful, but a shame all the same that drinks, polenta chips and nice decor were the highlight of the visit. I would go back again Jamie but not unless things are different on your upstairs level towards George Street?
4	We had a nice lunch at this restaurant in Edinbourgh a few days ago. We ordered some starters and pasta. Everything was delicious. We have enjoyed a beautiful atmosphere and our food. Safe place to dine if you don't know where else to go.
4	I have five - and counting - Jamie books on my kitchen shelf. I love the simplicity of his recipes but also the attention to detail and love for his craft. I also love the magnificent drool-worthy pictures. Okay, okay, I confess; I have a severe foodie crush on Jamie and I compulsively pour through his recipes on a very regular basis. Now, that's out in the open...How was my first visit to Jamie's Italian? The interior is stunning! But located in the oh-so-regal Assembly Rooms, you wouldn't expect anything less. With ruby red furnishings and elegant hanging chandeliers, the surroundings really are a delight; the restaurant definitely has that wow-factor. There's a cocktail bar. There's hanging meat. There's little Jamie personalised napkins. It's a little bit like a modernised Wes Anderson's Grand Budapest Hotel. Just a little. - I like it! We were given a warm, friendly welcome and shown to a table as soon as we arrived. The menu is a mix of classic Italian dishes, with traditional pasta and salad dishes, along with some interesting sides and sharing platters. Having just attended the Fit Festival in the Assembly Rooms, it would have been sacrilege to have anything but a salad. So we went for the wholesome Market Superfood Salad which consisted of the following yummy, healthy ingredients:  Avocado, shaved fennel, candied beets, Italian sprouting broccoli, creamy cottage cheese, pomegranate, smashed nuts & seeds. Served with a fennel blossom Sicilian harissa, to this delicious combination you can also add grilled chicken or smoked salmon. Now, there is a time and place for salad. Alas, this was not one one of them. Looking back, I wished I'd went for a good old bowl of carbonara or the signature Jamie's Italian burger. The salad was really very delicious, as was the bread and dip nibbles we'd ordered alongside. Although in hindsight, Jamie's is somewhere you should go all out and have a proper Italian feast.Next time, Jamie, next time...
