4	Just went for the reopening of Spotlight and so far it is off to a great start. The place is new and clean and friendly. Definitely a neighborhood bar where they know their clientele. This is a bar not a club, they know how to make excellent drinks.  The crowd has been very diverse on the nights I have been. Easy to talk and meet people. The gaming side was great as well, brand new machines that seem to pay much better then most bars in town. The "jukebox" has a great selection and everything from dance to country and oldies gets played. They have a pool table, dart machines, and TV's everywhere that had sports on.
4	Spent the weekend in Vegas visiting from Los Angeles and this was one of our favorite spots out of the 8 bars/clubs/lounges that we hit.  Nice and clean, nothing over the top.  The bartenders we met were super friendly.  Lots of TVs playing sports, movies, etc... Laid back crowd.  Stayed until the sun came up. Definitely will be returning.
3	Ok so the building is nice and new, but honestly I like the gritty original better, also the bar tender here on Sunday has the personality of a wet mop. No thanks. I go places that have nice staff who make the customer feel special and this place misses terribly
1	do not,  i repeat,  do not leave any money on the bar when the hispanic drag queen is working! she ripped off my money,  not once, but twice. the first time is was $20.00,  last night when i went to the restroom it was $50.00! i did it on purpose to make sure!  they need to break out the surveillance and watch this thief if action. been a customer for years. ....not anymore! graveyard shift on 3-11-14
2	If you want the nightlife; you want to boogie... Better boogie on down to some other bar.The bar is dull, the music boring, the drinks weak, and the atmosphere cloudy with a chance of smog.If you like drowning your sorrows in overpriced beverages and bartenders that can't break change to let you tip, then the Spotlight is the place for you.This is truly unfortunate. The bar has a great location and a lot of potential; it simply lacks the ambition of a successful gay bar.
