1	do not use these people to finance  your vehicle.  They do not fully disclose fees and terms and when you get to the end of your loan you will have a surprise.  Unethical
1	I can not express  enough on how horrible this business is! STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!!! Please do your research before financing a car through CAG, you have other options when it comes to financing  and this place should not be one of them.  Save your money before buying a car. I am not just saying this because I am angry, it is the complete truth! The cars are horrible and their system they have in place for payments is god awful. Very unprofessional and not customer service friendly.
1	-My sentiments are the same as the other reviewers. I UNDERSTAND that CAG has high risk clientele. I fully UNDERSTAND that because of my low credit, I am in that category, therefore, I had a passtime device installed (turns off your car if you don't pay). -However, if you are also high risk clientele, you should know that you are never allowed to have financial setbacks (IE, tire blowout, either make payment or buy tire), you should expect them to say "ok but your car is still going to be turned off." Non-negotiable, and I've only wanted to pay 7 days late at the most. -There isn't a day that goes by I regret doing business with them. Although I admit ignorance on my part, they still do not fully disclose all terms (which is NOT like all dealers). -The car they sold me did not come with a jack, and the gas door button did not work. I'm pissed. It's been almost a year and I know they doomed me with a car I may never pay off. But what do they care?-as a customer of several years, I've had plenty of experience with them to confirm they are NOT customer service friendly.As others have said, STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE. They're absolutely awful. What I thought was going to help my credit in the long run has only ended up screwing me over into a financial hole that is keeping me from being independent. I dream of the day I can rid myself of this outrageous "company."
