4	This is a great place. More of a home town diner atmosphere. The food is always great and so is the service. It has a kind of family atmosphere. They are only open for breakfast and lunch. 6AM to 2PM (I'm pretty sure)
4	This neighborhood diner, open for breakfast and lunch, is the perfect spot for that patty melt, soup or [insert your fave diner food here] you've been craving.I liked their French fries and veggie burger while wishing they had an old-school chocolate malt. Did I mention the waitress calls everyone 'Hon?'
2	I was hoping for a spectacular neighborhood diner but it's rather ordinary as far as food, menu, and atmosphere.  I had a full breakfast and everything was just ok, service was just ok, and I don't think they've updated the furniture for decades.  Must be the location that explains their success, and those retired folks sitting up at the counter.
3	Pinky's is a great place to stop for breakfast, or to grab a quick sandwich. The prices are good, and the service is friendly. It's the perfect place to take your really picky nephew who won't eat anything but grilled cheese or spaghetti... because they have something that he will eat.
4	Pinky's Cafe is an old school diner. It's not a 50's everything is stainless steel diner, but more like a Mel's Diner but with every waitress an Alice. No Flo with her attitude here.The food is good,  the service is good and the prices are inexpensive. The decor is definitely late 80's. Now for some detail on the food. It is classic diner breakfast and lunch type stuff. Omelets, pancakes, hash browns, thick toast. I've only been there for breakfast but it looks like lunch are burgers, chili, BLT's, etc. Back to breakfast. I don't know about the guy from Glendale who came here looking for a gourmet experience. This isn't the type of place. No crepes... Anyway the food is just really good breakfast food. I usually go for the ham and cheese omelets but get to taste my wife's pancakes and man are  they good the texture and flavor are great.Now the service. Really fast and personable. But it is almost like that Seinfeld diner episode. Every waitress has a certain build and I guess it must be the dress code but all the waitress wear short denim shorts, kinda like long Daisy Duke's. All voluptuous, all of them call you hon like the other yelper says, and they all seem to be veteran waitresses knowing how to handle everything and make you feel like a regular.Great neighborhood place. We live between here and Scott's Generation Deli which is another great breakfast place so we end up going to both a lot. Scott's has more variety and interesting stuff on the menu plus Karsh's bakery is next door. But Pinky's Cafe is solid in what it does and the service is great. I highly recommend it if you are nearby.
4	We tried Pinky's for the first time this past week.  While the food was pretty good (better than average), it was the small town feel, the friendliness of the staff, and the old-time decor that drew us in.  It reminded me of a cafe that I worked at in high school.I ordered the green chile-cheese omelette which was yummy!  The home fries weren't really hot but were tasty just the same.  My husband had the 2 egg-short stack of pancakes, and bacon breakfast.  The pancakes were HUGE...though again not as hot as they should have been.  They wouldn't melt the butter...but they were pretty good just the same.  Scrambled eggs were done perfectly and the bacon was thick and crispy.  Coffee cups were constantly topped off.We will be back!
4	This is a 3.5 star place but it deserves to be rounded up.  Why?  Because the servers are exceptionally nice and responsive.  The food is not amazing but is generally standard diner food, but the atmosphere is, well, let's just say - over the top.  The pictures on the wall are almost distracting, they are so large.  I ordered a breakfast chili combo thing.  It was basically eggs, potatoes, and chili.  Strange combo, I know, but I really enjoyed it.  A little on the oniony side but quite good.  The home fries are home-made so I would recommend them over the hashedbrowns which, I would assume, are from a bag.  They were actually really good.  In all, I would go back here.  It wasn't amazing but the price was right, the service was great, and the food was tasty.
4	This place was really entertaining for breakfast.  It's a small spot tucked in next to a few other places but it definitely stands out inside.  Once you get inside you will notice 4 things: 1- there is a giant mural of hot air balloons, 2 - there is a giant mural of nyc complete with twin towers, 3 - the awesomely bad 80's restaurant decor, and 4 - the servers look like they are fresh from Jersey Shores.We sat down and were immediately greeted by a server who is most likely a long lost relative of Snookie, hair bump, tan and all.  She was very sweet and responsive and didn't waste anyone's time.  She was also particularly patient with the douchey dad behind us who insisted his omelet be made in the most particular fashion.  I simply ordered a waffle with bacon.  FINALLY I can order just a waffle and bacon, and not a waffle with a side of bacon.  The waffle was great, super light and very crispy.  The bacon was pretty good.  It was thick cut and salty, but a little more done than I liked.  I could have asked for it to be done a specific way, so my fault.In any event, I would like to come back here if we're around this area and I suggest you try it sometime.
1	pinky's is closed
1	This place is closed
