5	Well, this is the real deal when you want a taco or tostada.  It's the EXACT food you will eat in Mexico.  Exact.  I ordered the asada.  Beef on a corn tortilla that is made there-- a real tortilla.  Then you go over to a salsa, quacamole, hot sauce, cucumber, cabbage and radish, onion bar and fix it up how you like.  The 5 stars is for the food, the ambiance and setting is not anything special.  In fact, it is a bit of a turn off , but very clean.  It's in an old Wendy's I think. The food is so delicious, it doesn't matter!!!!!!
3	If you happen to get lost and wander by the gun show at the Coliseum, be sure to stop here. A little whole in the wall of a former Wendy's, this place rocks the steak taco world.My favorite is the "jaz". Carne asada + cheese + peppers/onions = yum!!!The barbacoa and chicken tacos are tasty, but I wouldn't say they'd knock you off your feet. Definitely go carne asada and defintely try this place.
5	The barbacoa is great and the tacos de carne are excellent. My business is not far from there and we get lunch there quite a bit. The beans are always phenomenal. It's the kind of place you'd drive not thinking of stopping in, but it's worth it.
4	We have lived in Encanto Park for several years however never stopped in this place.  As previously mentioned - the place looks a little scary from the outside!  We saw the Yelp reviews and thought what the heck?  The menu has a wide variety of dishes.  We had the chicken taco, the barbacoa and carne asada burritos.  Everything was seasoned well.  The barbacoa is cooked in some type of red chili sauce.  The carne asada was a bit fatty however flavorful.  The small flour tortillas come out hot off the stove.  They are great!   We also discovered they carry bottled Coke and other sodas from Mexico.  I loved the condiment bar with the various salsas and toppings which included limes, cucumbers, radishes, and cabbage.  The pico de gallo and guacamole sauce were my favorites.  Unlike America's Taco where you are given a tiny bit of everything on the side, this place is a free for all!The interior was immaculate!  The decor is not great.  Plastic chairs and tables.  The front counter gal could not answer any of my questions.  The server though was extremely nice - especially considering our two year old dumped a plate of rice on the floor!  This place reminds me of Wishell's donuts down the street.  The exterior is terrible but inside they have the most heavenly donuts and croissants!  The place sells out by 8 am!  You would never know by looking at it from the outside.Lesson learned - don't judge a book by it's cover.
5	Asadero Torro has catered my work's Christmas party for the last two years, and I've come to equate the celebration of the coming of lil' baby Jesus to a full tummy of tasty Asadero Torro tacos. I think JC would give thumbs-up to these heavenly tacos. The beef is sooooo flavorful, the corn tortillas sooooo yummy, and all the "extras" darn right essential for a complete and delectable meal. Even the refried beans and rice are awesome.  And since they are close to where I work, I don't have to wait another year to devote my taste-buds to their delicious food.  Amen!
5	5 stars for a neighborhood fast foodish dive? Yup.Carne asada is great here of course, but really, I love being a 4 minute walk from some of the best Birria de Chivo ever. Big chunks of lamb, little chunks of fat, in a spicy, soupy broth. Great head, too. By that, I mean I love their cabeza taco. Plus, they are open late.
5	Carne asada is OUT. OF. THIS. WORLD. We live about 20 min from Asadero Torro which, for most people in Phoenix, is way too far to drive for a hole in the wall restaurant, but it's totally worth it!Atmosphere is the only thing that keeps this place from being 5 stars for me. (Plastic tables and chairs, plastic trays and cups for food and drinks.) UPDATE: I visited Asadero Toro today to enjoy my new favorite menu item - the mini carne asada quesadillas. ::drool:: I was impressed to see that it's in what appears to be the end-stages of a great remodel! The plastic tables and chairs have been replaced with "real" dining furniture! It feels very upgraded and the atmosphere is miles ahead of what it used to be. I've changed my rating to 5 stars!
4	I'd give this place an extra half star if I could, just because it used to be a Wendy's.I think this is probably as close to "authentic" as you're going to find.  They have all the usual suspects of a Mexican joint: tacos, quesadillas, and of course the salsa bar (I think this was a remnant of when Wendy's had salad bars, remember that?  circa early 1990s).The service is good, and the food is delicious.  I would suggest a giant (and they are giant) chicken quesadilla, with a bunch of guacamole on the side.  The cheese is melty and delicous!  I would avoid the steak as it is quite tough, but to be fair I've never had good steak from a good mexican restaurant.And they have Mexican Coke in glass bottles, which usually always makes me go back for more.
3	This ain't no place for one looking for gringoized Mexican food.The menu has mostly torats and tacos, what it does not have are chips or many veggie options.The inside is surprising nice for the area and type of place.The salsa bar is great, with pico de gallo, picante and even a guacamole dip and cabbage.I had a small cheese quseadilla and it was fine, my co worker had a torta with rice and beans he really enjoyed.I want to say more but with a lack of non meat options and a Spanish only menu I had a bit of a hard time here.If you want a Mexican food adventure and eat meat give it a try.
4	This place is legit. Don't expect much from the area or the neighborhood. But when you go in the staff is courteous and the place is clean. I was just driving wanting to try something new. I had passed this place several times. But what caught my eye was the painted sign on the window "Birria de Chivo" and Menudo served all week. Wow, most places only serve menudo on weekends. I pulled into the lot and decided to look them up in Yelp to see what if anything others had experienced. Looked good. I ordered 2 days worth of food. The torta de carne asada, and the birria de chivo (shreaded goat meat in a lightly seasoned broth) and a large horchata. She asked if I wanted the torta meal with beans and rice  or just the torta. I replied just the torta. She also provided me with a small sandwich style container for putting in veggies from the salsa bar and said if i needed another to just ask. I helped myself to the fresh sliced cucumbers, radishes, cabbage, wedges of key lime and pickled onions on the bar and filled a few small cups of salsa. The red was spicy with a vinegar base. The green was quite tasty as was the pico de gallo. The birria came with corn tortillas and small containers of fresh onion and cilantro. Again this was served as a caldo (sans veggies) but that is what you toss in the onions, cilantro, lime juice and some salsa. Yum! The torta was huge. Warning it doesn't come dressed. I was expecting the mayo, avocado, tomato to already be on this. But luckily I had picked up all the fixings at the salsa bar to make it work. And boy did it work. The pickled onions, cabbage, pico, avocado crema, salsa verde....Mmmm....
4	I enjoyed my visit to Asadero Toro.  The decor is minimalist, folding chairs and tables in an old Wendy's and a small bar with salsas and pickled vegetables on ice.  You gotta get carne asada at an asadero, I thought, and it was a good choice.  It comes served on a plastic tray much like you'd find at a school cafeteria, I felt special though as the other patrons got styrofoam plates :)  The food was delicious, solid tortillas, and they even gave me a char-grilled onion quarter.
4	Asadero Toro may not be much to look at (outside or in), but they serve high quality Mexican food. The menu may look a bit daunting to a gringo, but the employees have always been very nice and helpful when I had a question. The setup is casual with a small salsa bar that contains sliced cucumbers, shredded lettuce, lime halves and pickled onion slices. For liquid refreshment, you can get a cold bottle of super sweet Mexican Coke or even Mexican 7-Up (that's something you don't see every day).Condiments and drinks aside, the main reason to come here is -- the meat! Tacos are nice, but I usually pick one of their huge burritos with lots of savory beef stuffed in a huge, fresh tortilla. The carne asada is wonderful, as is the birria de chivo (a goat stew). Their meat tastes as if it's been stewing in juices all day, making me wonder if they leave it bubbling in a huge vat overnight. One thing I like about Asodero Toro is that they have items that use the, ahem, offbeat parts of the cow. Recently I tried the beef tongue burrito, which was great. Perhaps one day, when I feel REALLY brave, I will try that cow's head burrito.
5	This place doesn't look like much on the outside and you'll have to disregard the white foldable tables and chairs as you walk inside....but the food is AMAZING.This is Sonora Style Mexican food so keep that in mind.  Here are my ratings:MEAT:  I had the Carne Asada tacos.  The carne asada meat was perfect.  It had a slight mesquite smokiness and very flavorful.  The type of meat was Ranchera, which is the ideal type for asada tacos.  The meat was cut against the grain, perfect!Tortillas:  The tortillas are the best!  They're made on site....flour tortillas.  Not that cheap stuff you get at the store with tons of preservatives.  This is the real deal...fresh and tasty.  Salsa:  The salsa is good.  But it could be great.  I favor the really spicy stuff so for the average salsa person...it will be good.Extras:  They line the inside of their tacos with Frijoles Puercos.  These are great beans that have ham, pork and a few different types of cheeses mixed in.  If you've never had these type of beans...you've never had beans!  I love how they just add a little to the tortilla and then the meat on top.  It's enough to add even more flavor to the taco but no so much that it overpowers the meat.They have your basic cucumbers, salsas, onions and cilantro set up.You have to try this place...it's the best tacos in Phoenix!!!
5	This place is amazing.  I grew up in California, and didn't think I'd find good Mexican food again after leaving.  It's awesome.  They even make their own tortillas.  If you've never had freshly made tortillas, you have to try them. They are so much better than what you can buy in the store.Plus, they give you roasted onions, cabbage, salsa, and cucumbers with your meal, and the roasted jalapeno is delicious.
5	Don't let the outside scare you away, best Sonoran Tacos in town! Abd by Sonoran I mean flavorful grilled beef. Try the Parrillada.
5	Don't miss the carne asada! I love the carne asada mini quesadillas.
4	This was my rebound dinner after a horrible first experience at Whataburger.What-a-difference.The carne asada and pollo were delicious but the barbacoa was kinda eh.And what was the story with the salsas? They're set out on the three shelves of a rolling cart, some low enough that you have to crouch down to serve yourself. I realize that you guys were near closing but that's just too close to the floor for my taste.The salsa thing puts 'em at risk for loosing a star but after such horrible food at Whataburger this place tasted like food from Heaven.2013 #3 / 365
2	The food was good ...the price is okay to me because back i would have got this for a lot less but for where am at it's good and much better than the state fair food.....and there open late that's a super plus ...just think there a bit rude that's all
5	Great food, clean restaurant, friendly service - this place is a hidden gem close to downtown!
4	Very good food!!!!!
4	Prologue: On March 19, 2013, I read an article on the Phoenix New Times website, listing the top 10 burritos in Phoenix Metro. I hadn't tried one of them. Being the founding member of the "Because Burrito" lifestyle, I took it upon myself to try every last burrito on the list. So began my journey... So began...THE BURRITO BUCKET LISTVolume 1This morning I was sitting in my little cube, thinking about how I could convince Jesse to have lunch at Asadero Toro, so I could knock the first burrito off my list - the classic carne asada. Just as I was collecting my nerves for my proposition, Jesse emailed me. She was feeling ill, and would need to go home early. God's glorious light shined down upon me and I knew that fate and I both had the same shit-eating grin plastered on our dumb faces.After dropping Jesse off at home with a sandwich, I peeled out and beelined it straight to Asadero Toro. When I entered the establishment, the first thing I noticed was the salsa bar. Red chili, tomatillo with avocado, and molcajete, along with key limes and some other stuff (sorry, I'm primarily a salsa hound). This was not the variety I've seen at some other restaurants, but if it's good shit, I only need one type.I walked up to the cashier, looking at the menu, faking like I was trying to make up my mind. I was pretty nervous about beginning my burrito adventure, and I'm sure it was noticed by the woman behind the counter, as she stared at my twitchy face with eyes drowning in unease. Finally, she broke the silence. "Are you ready?""Carne asada burrito." The words gushed from my mouth. Suddenly her face changed, as if she suddenly understood the goings-on in my head. I paid and told her my order was to go, and she handed me a small Styrofoam container to hold my salsas. THIS HAS NEVER HAPPENED TO ME. I was in love. Long have I wallowed in the misery of having to balance my many salsas in the same bag as my burrito. This was a very welcome development, and I quickly gathered my salsas - two reds, one green, one molcajete, two limes just in case.I got back to work with my burrito bag held close and promptly walked to the courtyard to feast. I tore the top half of aluminum foil from the underlying burro, and took a BIG ASS BITE. Immediately I noted the buttery flakiness of the tortilla and the slight crisp the meat had to it. These guys know how to grill asada. The New Times had told me it was nothing but "straight-up meat," and they came correct on that. Straight-up, well-cooked, quality meat. I tried all of the salsas, but I stuck mostly with the red, as it was the spiciest, the most flavorful, and chunkier than most reds I've had, which I found was to my extreme liking. It was greasy, but the kind of greasy I can get down with. At the bottom of the burro I ran into a small pool of greasy meat, and the grease dripped down my chin with each generous chomp. I could have done with a little extra drainage prior to wrapping. But hey - the whole thing was a bundle of great, and I can handle a little extra grease.I got up and collected the remains of my burrito carnage, and the coworker sitting behind me said, "Boy, that was fast."I responded, "Apparently you haven't seen me eat before."Good job, Asadero Toro, you have given me a new favorite carne asada burro. And so far, New Times is one for one.Asadero Toro Carne Asada Burrito - 9/10
5	This is definitely the place for a quick bite to eat. I love their garnish and salsa bar and I can honestly say I had the best carne asada tacos in downtown Phoenix! Everything was Cheap, fast, and delicious. I am definitely going to frequent this place.
4	Was working in this area of town and was starving. Thank god for the yelp app. Reviews were right on the money. I got 2 carne asada tacos on flour tortillas. This place is legit!!!  Was truly surprised once I entered the business. It was clean and the staff was friendly. If I'm ever back in the area I will return. Thanks yelp nation for steering me the right direction.
5	Great Taos and close to the airport!  I'm not a big fan of corn tortillas, so I was really impressed to find this authentic Mexican restaurant offer flour tortillas.  I highly recommend the carne com queso (beef and cheese) or their tender babacoa (shredded beef)
5	Asadero Toro is a wonderful Mexican food restaurant in Phoenix! The Carne Asada is incredible and the homemade tortillas delicious. A wonderful and quick staff always brighten my day when I visit.
5	Seriously something special. Living in Arizona you know there's a million taco shops on every corner. I stumbled to this place because a friend lived near, and must say this is by far one of my favorite taco shops! The tacos carmello is really something special. Flour tortilla with white cheese and carne asada!! Don't sleep on these. Also I feel like you can tell a lot about a place by there beans, and they have some of the best beans in Phoenix. The prices are great and anytime you go into a ethnic restaurant  and lots of people of that ethnicity eating there, you know it's official!!
5	This place is great! Nice people working here and amazing food.I had a taco de legua, carne asada and Tripa. My favorite is the Tripa. Just perfect!!!!!
5	A weekly staple for the bf and I... He loves the carne asada and I always do the chicken plate. Absolutely wonderful, the staff is always consistent and so nice... Ps the green avocado sauce is to die for, I could bathe in it.. Like everyone else says, don't be scared by the outside appearance.
5	I came here because of the article I read in a magazine. I ordered the $7.50 carne asada burrito that came with rice and beans. Loved the tortilla. The carne asada was good. I'd give it a 7 out of 10 and would come back again to have it. Rice was simple but had good flavor. Beans were good too. The salsa bar was full of many things. I tried the pico, the hot sauce and the chunky green salsa. Each was very good. The inside was extremely clean as was the restroom. Staff was very friendly and very helpful and cleared the table. I would definitely come back again.
5	This place is the very definition of whole in the wall but it is a fantastic lunch spot. A friend and I decided to have lunch here one day and we knew the moment we found it that it was either going to be really great or really bad. The restaurant itself is pretty much only open for lunch and is in a place that is not a typical place for a restaurant, meaning that it's probably a little sketchy there at night. It was an average size restaurant and maybe a little on the smaller side.  This is a no frills down to the point Mexican food place. Our waitress really did not speak much English which for me is a good sign. We ordered the make your own Carne Asada plate that came with rice and beans. The tortillas were fresh and home made and the steak was seasoned amazingly. I had very few charred or chewy pieces. The beans were too die for and the rices was the standard Mexican rice that my grandma showed me to make. This place was a legit home made mexican food restaurant and the service as great but a little slow (which was understandable because the place was pretty packed). The prices were great for lunch. My friend and I got out of there with a little under $11 each. The chips were pretty standard and nothing special and the salsas were pretty generic but still very tasty.   I really enjoyed every bite of my meal and I would go back again and again if I had a lunch partner and had a little bit more lunch time!
5	I only had a burrito, but I loved everything about it. The tortilla was awesome, I think they make it in house. The chicken was grilled, clean, not greasy. The burrito came plain, you can add pico/sauce from salsa bar.  Note: they do not have fountain drinks, only cans / Mexican coke
4	Food didn't taste freshly made, chicken was a lil hard, maybe they make the meat hot and fresh for lunch then reheat around dinner time. Food was good tasting. The salsa bar didn't seem very sanitary, I saw a customer use the same cup, big ladels, small cups. Our server Angelica was friendly. I think I will come back or maybe try some other places in the area.
5	Good food and good price! The food here is Mexican for real, no doubt about it. Also the drinks are great, I you are going for the first time the asada molcajete and horchata are highly recommended, the flour tortillas are hand made at that moment so be sure to ask for some of them.
4	We went in for lunch today after reading Yelp reviews and a fellow foodie buddy assured us this is THE place to go for authentic flavors.  If you are looking for the real thing and want something totally different from the 'Mexican food' chains, this is the place for you. Both carne asada plate and carne asada burrito were delicious. The condiment station loaded with fresh lime, salsa, pickled onions, cabbage and pico de gallo really added to our already flavorful meals. Even though I don't speak hardly any Spanish at all, friendly and attentive staff patiently answered all my questions. Food came out fast while my corn tortillas were still steaming hot and in big portions. I would probably try the tacos a la cart next time so I can try a few other things.  Grilled onion that came with the Plate was so sweet and balanced out the spiciness of the roasted pepper. What a treat it was! I can't wait to go back!
5	One of the best if not the best authentic carne asada in town...!! You won't be disappointed...!!
4	Great place.  Went on a quiet Monday    Husband had the asada combo and I had a bean cheese burrito.   All was excellent.   Table or counter service.    Very informal s styrofoam plate type of place -- but food was wonderful.   We will be back.
