4	Tried this place with a group of friends. The restaurant is a little hidden in the shopping center towards the back end of the shopping center but once you look in that direction, the restaurant sign is very large and visible. The entry is very welcoming and the restaurant is very spacious and clean. The food was very good in my opinion. The Japchae was one of the best I've had. The Kalbi is tender and flavorful. And yes, they have the tables where you can grill the meat right there and leave smelling of lovely korean BBQ. Service was friendly and attentive. Overall I really liked Seoul Korean Grill and feel confident that the good quality food and service will make this place a success. It's also great that they can accommodate  large groups and is kid friendly. We will be going back here again.
2	Uh....fail...i expected more from this place, but i should have known better because the last place which was here, that was good, failed. Anyways the side dishes...uh..thanks for ripping me off, only 3 different things and four if you include the community kimchi. It was crappy sides they gave you too. The presentation of it was thoughtful, each person had their own little three spot dish which had a little side in each, but like i said ripped off. Dolsot, bowl wasn't even close to being hot enough to get the rice crispy...it was the gross inbetween where it gets stuck in your teeth because it was hard, but still gooey. One or the other, can't be both, well it could be both, but then it will suck... (it sucked). The hot sauce which was included was more of a flavor than a spice, which made me really sad because i like spicy food. The Soondubu (seafood one), okay good amount of tofu in there, good seafood, but again...not really spicy... the broth wasn't that flavorful either. only bright spot...the kimchi...two stars for that...
3	Quite disappointing when I expected the same flavor and price when I was in LA. Don't get me wrong, the waiters/waitress were super friendly. We ordered bulgogi and ribs. The food was flavorful but average. No refills for the side dishes when you are grilling at the grill-your-own-bbq table. Extra: went with a groupon deal but still ended up paying way more than expected and received less food. TL;DR: ok place for food, clean, but does not justify the price.
2	I think Seoul Jung, which was the restaurant I believe was here was two restaurants ago, had the best food.  For Seoul Korean Grill, they've updated the place so it looks modern and have gotten rid of the mediocre sushi because Americanized sushi really doesn't have a place in Korean food.  I took a friend and her two kids to introduce them to Korean BBQ.We ordered the marinated ribs and chadol (brisket).  We also ordered the pancakes and seafood soondoobu soup.  The side dishes weren't very good, no one touched theirs after tasting them.  The chadol was pretty bland, but that's always a hit and miss wherever, unless you're in LA and everyone really does use Angus beef.  The marinated ribs were supposed to be my savior but they were overly marinated in what tasted honestly like beef jerky marinade.  The used so much tenderizer, usually pear juice, that the meat lost all sense of what natural beef is supposed to feel like in your mouth.  They all felt like moist teriyaki beef jerky in your mouth.  Also, the grill doesn't get hot enough to char the meat or the marinate.  Therefore the grilled flavor is missing; which I think is an important piece.  Another important piece missing from the table were the lettuce.  Nothing to wrap the meat in before popping them in your mouth.  They were also missing the shredded green onion "salad" that usually accompany Korean BBQ.  You add it with the meat, ssam jang, and rice into your lettuce before trying to stuff it all down your throat.  It's all very overpriced, so if you're feeling like mediocre Korean food in a nice, clean, modern atmosphere....  Seoul Korean Grill is for you!
5	Unlike LA, there aren't that many Korean restaurants in AZ. Definitely none really stick out. For Korean BBQ, I think Seoul Korean Grill is the best. Their marinade for the meat is perfect. Sweet, Salty, Tangy, and wonderful. The meat is tender as well, and when you grill your own meat, it is DELICIOUS.Galbi and Cold noodle combo is off the hookThey were very accommodating and friendly.Like any other BBQ place, it can get pricey. it's well worth it.
3	If not for the Groupon offer, I might never have come to Seoul Korean Grill. So I was quite excited to come here with a friend and know that we could slash $30 from the bill and indulge in two meat options. Since I've never been to a Korean grill before, I hadn't the slightest of what to do. But the helpful staff and my experienced dinner companion helped me out.We ordered the steak and chicken as our meats, and the server fired up our table grill and laied out our first batch of meats to grill. Side items were also brought out in small bowls and each was unique and tasty.While I look forward to returning, it must be said that this isn't a cheap date sort of place. Dinner runs around $20 per person. Not crazy expensive.
3	Great service.  Nice, clean, modern look inside.  Menu is kept simple and good.  We didn't try anything that we didn't like.  Spare Ribs to grill were good.  Lots of them, enough to share.  Ordered the vegetables for $10 as well, a bargain that was very tasty.  Ordered the seafood sticky pot, which was very good as well.$45 for all of it, plenty of very tasty food for two adults and a child.I'm not a korean food expert by any means, but for what I paid, I felt I got fresh, tasty food.  And our waitress was absolutely outstanding.
3	Very friendly & helpful staff, plus good food. The free soup was very tasty, it could have been a meal in itself. The bulgogi was marinated perfectly and tender when grilled. The side dishes were a little lacking and not what I have come to expect from dining in Korean restaurants in Chicago, New York and Seoul. However, it was a good experience and we left full and satisfied.
4	We decided in spite of the reviews on here to try this place. I have to say I was pleasantly pleased. It sits off the road in a strip mall by Great Skate and Stingers Sports Bar.  They have regular as well as hibachi tables. We chose a hibachi table as we wanted to try to cook our dinner. We started with a Mandu - Korean Dumpling for an appetizer. We chose pork and they are similar to Chinese pot stickers but were sauteed vs. steamed. Very tasty. I ordered the Spicy Pork Bulgogi with a side of 5 shrimp and Ryan ordered the Herb Galbi (marinated steak strips). Both were quite flavorful and very tender. They brought out 3 sides that consisted of a sea weed/cole slaw type thing, marinaged sliced sausage with veggies and fish paste(?) or something similar. Then our wait staff brought out the meats. Placed the meats on the grill and then had us cook to taste. My only complaint if this really is one, is that she didnt speak English well so the communication was a bit limited. The food, the atmosphere was well worth it. We will go back again for sure. I would recommend trying this place out if your like Korean!
2	Had the lunch specials here, the food was very tasty.  Although for first time Korean go-er's like me.  Get something that you're sort of familiar with.  I recommend the lunch combo's-num 1 Steak was very good--and you still get to experience the different flavors of Korea.Only two stars, becasue i'm not sure if it was the squid soaked prawns and or scallops that made me nauseated or something else that was prepared for us at the restaurant...my point is later on that eveing i felt very sick to my stomach.  But i have no idea what it was i ate that made me feel that way.Sorry--no more Korean cuisin for me:)  I tired it, and that was good enough!
4	This was my first time here, I had a Groupon and didn't know what to expect.  I went with my wife and daughter who are fans of Korean food, (I'm half so you know I love it!)The food was full of taste, I can't complain there.  You get your monies worth too.  The only odd thing was that there was a limit on panchan and no rice served with the meal.  I think Koreans in Korea would roll over in their graves if they knew what was going on.  Rice and panchan are the staples of Korean food.  I just bared down and ordered it.
2	Being korean, I had my experiences with korean food. I came here for a soccer tournament and a friend had recommended this place. me and 13 other people all agreed that this place was not very good.Me and my table ordered three things: kimchijjigae (kimchi soup), pork sam( pork meat), and cheese bulgogi dol-sat (cheese-beef bowl). Everything was way too small especially for the price and the taste was just mediocre. The service was pretty slow too. While everyone else was done, we finally got our last plate. Everyone had to wait for us to eat and it just took awhile.This place is friendly though even though some people don't seem like working there. I wouldn't really recommend this place.
3	My friends wanted to try Korean food and I had never gone to this restaurant after it switched owners. Overall, my friends and I did not think the food was that great.
3	Ate there last night.  The Garmin GPS still called it Ewha Korean BBQ, by the way.  The have an all you can eat option, but it's $25.00, so the family chose menu options.  Bulgogi, spicy pork and the chicken, rice for a buck, and we told the waitress to bring all the kimchee she could muster.  She only brought winter cabbage, cucumber, fishcake, and something else..  The chef sent out a bowl of marinated leaf lettuce on the house.     I'm obviously not Korean, though I did live in Korea for a year and ate out pretty much every day.  After  that, I lived in SoCal for 12 years, ate at places that were actually better than in-country eateries, shopped at Korean food markets, own several Korean cookbooks, make kimchee at home, and have impressed Korean Nationals with my ethnic cooking.  Point being, I am a critical judge when it comes to this sort of thing.       If you can't make it to Yongsan-gu tonight, try a particular Korean BBQ in Riverside, CA, the all-you-can-eat place near the Tyler Galleria.  If you can't get to Riverside, then eat here, the Seoul Korean Grill.  Order off the menu, save yourself 45 dollars, and have a Jinro or two.  Pretty damned authentic.
3	Nice and clean and comfortable spot for Korean BBQ in Glendale. It is tucked away in a very odd strip mall off of 43rd. Ave and most of the diners are Korean. I enjoyed the Korean music videos playing on the flat screens while I was having dinner.Panchan is a little bit on the light side here- both in quantity and variety, but the kimchi and the fish are really, really good. The menu is one of the easiest to decipher for non Koreans.We ordered the pork tenderloin and the bulgogi and both were very good. Prices were reasonable, but the portions were on the small side and rice was an extra charge. I would come back for the all you can eat BBQ deal!
1	I took my parents in law to this place, and so disappointed and even embarrassed. This restaurant was ok until my last visit, summer 2011. However they came up with this strange concept to "target people other than Koreans." Decoration of food was ok, but quality and taste were poor. We ordered non-marinated galbi and they gave us 8 small pieces on a bamboo leaf(for deco i assume). It wasnt the galbi we usually see in a korean bbq place, but it looked like the short rib u can buy from Costco for twenty bucks per pack (which can give you more than 50 pieces). They charged around 15 dollars for that 8 pieces. HEY REMEMBER. KOREAN FOOD IS GOOD AND DELICIOUS WHEN ITS KOREAN FOOD ITSELF.
3	Got down on some of this when they had a deal on Groupon. The food is pretty good. I believe they do have an all you can eat option for about $25 which I didn't do but in retrospect I prolly should have as I would have gotten more for my money. something I didn't like is how they charge you extra for ever single little add on (like rice and vegetables). That's why I'm saying the all you can eat is a better value cause it includes all that. Cause isn't it a given I'm gonna want some rice with my grilled meat??? Any-who...I will be back but this time better prepared :)
2	Review UPDATE!!!! After reading my own review I checked GroupOn for deals and I just had to eat here again! Yes, the food is good but the management staff are lacking in foresight and intelligence. I bought a GroupOn Now for this restaurant that's main fare is ALL YOU CAN EAT. Guess what? They refused to accept it! What? $20 for $12 on a $80+ bill? We sit down, order our first $12.50 drink, and say all you can eat, oh and, we have a GroupOn. They say "That is not valid for ALL YOU CAN EAT". I say, check the GroupOn fine print, there are no specifications! I spent $135 in this restaurant last time I was here. It's only $8 off! They refuse!I pay off the drink and walk out. I eat out nearly everyday, and I will not be going back. Perhaps the manager needs some management skills. They would have easily made $500 off me this year. It's not like they didn't need the customers, we were the only table seated as the only other patrons walked out moments after we walked in. ~~~ Previous review. You can get nearly any kind of awesome seafood or meat all unlimited for like $25! Oh Gosh! I love it. They actually comped a drink for me because they were out of what I wanted! Now that's great service. The only thing they could do is have charcoal grills, they really intensify the flavor and make the meat so much better. That and temperature control (the AC was blasting so much I had to bring in my blanket from the car) are the only reasons I'm not giving them five stars.
2	Where do I begin...the meat was good quality and tasty, but was one of the smallest plates of meat I have ever seen in a Korean BBQ restaurant.  I have been to a lot of authentic Korean BBQ/Restaurants, but this was nowhere close.  When you leave a Korean restaurant, you are supposed to leave with a full stomach, I was still hungry.  Rice was a separate order...wtf is that shit.  One of the main reasons I am upset at this place is because they didn't have most of the appetizers or much of anything else available.  They had only a couple of beers to choose from (Japanese), even though the menu has about 7 imported beers.  I like Japanese beer, don't get me wrong, but come the fuck on, if you are a Korean BBQ restaurant...I expect to at least drink my native beer.  They should change their name, this is not a real Korean BBQ place.  I was wondering why nobody else was in the restaurant.  I believe this place is run by a bunch of kids, their parents would be so disappointed or at the very least Koreans, so embarrassing.  I will not be returning to this place.The only thing I did like about the place other than the meat quality was the doenjang/bean paste.
3	Wow this place was totally empty tonight (Monday night)!So my bf, his two friends and I was going to jump our guts out at this place called Jumpstreet..and then fill up with some yummy all-you-can-eat Korean BBQ....unfortunately we didn't get to jump because most activities were closed so we decided to go eat early - which worked out for us because they close at 10 and we got there around 8:40ish. It was somewhat creepy cause when we went in it was completely empty - not a single customer insight - not to mention the waitresses were kind of awkward serving us at first too. Anyways - we decided to do the $25 all you can eat bbq cause it's way more worth it then ordering one plate of meat which was about 12-15 dollars each and very little. So the menu for the BBQ choices were pretty good - they have the usual marinated beef galbi, beef short ribs, beef brisket, beef bulgogi, pork bulgogi, spicy pork bulgogi, chicken, plus scallops, tiger shrimp, oyster mushrooms and a few other good selections. I really like beef tongue and was happy they had it here, unfortunately the beef tongue here wasn't very good quality actually it was quite chewy - - despite the fact I had two plates of it on my own - it really wasn't great but it was better than nothing - hehe. The other meats are pretty good - except the chicken which was pretty bland. The lettuce salad was good and I was kind of sad they didn't have the rice paper or the steamed egg...that is usually served at other places. The service was -  well - pretty good considering we were their only customers - we stayed there close to 2 hours...just a few minutes after their closing time and the waitresses were pretty good mannered about it.....meaning they didn't give us dirty stares or attitude because they want us out already....they were actually pretty nice so even we tipped more. Overall this place isn't bad but at the same time it wasn't great it was just good for a quick Korean BBQ fix but not really for super good quality meats. I suppose $25 per person is kind of fair.
