4	I stumbled upon the grand opening.....yay me! Purchase a $4 ticket and you get a beer and a glass (normal prices range from $4 - $6 for a pint or a flight).  They seem to specialize in light colored beers: saison, wit, pale ale. The 8.2% dubbel is the sole dark beer. I sampled the wit and went with the saison, which has nice hints of clove,  banana and hops.  The interior is clever,  brick and navy subway tiles, knotted ropes as ceiling interest, and iron and LED candle chandeliers,  with a nice view of their gorgeous copper and stainless tanks. They have complimentary popcorn and peanuts.
5	Came to town with a group of friends to visit the Sugar Creek Brewery and was not disappointed! The tap house has been beautifully redecorated with the tap house on one side and an event room on the other. A mix of nautical and industrial themes, the newly opened brewery will be a great place to hang out with your friends and enjoy a delicious Belgian style craft beer. A must see while in the area!
5	Came here last night to check out the place for the first time with my husband! We knew that the kitchen wasn't open yet, so, we brought some salads to eat at the bar. The GM conveyed that in a few weeks they will open up a full kitchen with table service! All the beers are Belgium inspired.They currently have 4 year around beers: Wit, Pale Ale, Saison, and Dubbel. In addition, they will have seasonal beers. The Porter will be available sometime this week.We first started off with a flight to taste the 4 beers. I usually struggle with new breweries cause their beers arent normally bold enough at first. However, I found all four of these beers to be incredibly flavorful! My favorites being the Wit and Saison. My husband and I each got a pint or two after the sample. The prices were very reasonable- around $4-5 per pint. In addition to beers in the taproom, they have growlers that can be purchased and filled (in addition, to this really cool custom made 2 liter one with a silver handle, that we most likely will end up purchasing just cause it is so unique) and beer kegs that can be purchased.Inside, you could tell they really changed it up once OMB left. The bar was expanded out significantly further and the decorations are awesome! I love the rope on the ceiling, giving it that industrial type look.All in all, we will absolutely return and include Sugar Creek in our regular go to Charlotte breweries that we frequent. I think there are going to be some great things that come out of this place!PS- I thought it was pretty awesome that the owners of the brewery are also the head brewers. This is extremely uncommon. The owners/brewers went to Belgium and studied beer at a monestary for a while!
5	Charlotte's craft beer scene is pretty much exploding at the moment so it's definitely going to be interesting to see all the breweries opening up in the next year.  All the competition just makes it better for us, the consumers!  With all the breweries focused on making better beer, better tap room experiences, and being better all around, we get the benefits.Nice to see a brewer focusing on Belgian style beers move into the space formerly occupied by OMB.  They have a solid 4 beers on tap at the moment and will be adding their seasonal and special blends soon as they establish themselves and settle in.The tap room is gorgeous!  It is super warm and inviting...a great place to hang out.  There are TV's on the walls, but not too many.  I am beginning to get "data overloaded" and starting to gravitate towards places that are old school... no TVs... no wireless so you are starting at your phone the entire experience.  A couple TV's I can handle, but if you are like a Hickory Tavern or Wild Wing Cafe, it can be a bit overwhelming trying to decide what to look at.The beer:  Delicious!  I suggest getting a flight, where you can taste all four of the beers they have on tap in little mini sniffer classes and a classy wood carrying stand.  I really like their chosen artwork for logos and especially their handles.  You can spot them a mile away... nice little white and blue ballons atop a fish.  Very whimsical and fitting for thier beers.The servers are super nice and attentive.  They are still working on their food offerings, and getting the kitchen set up, but in the mean-time there is popcorn and snacks.  Hint:  don't go on too empty a stomach otherwise, you may be calling Uber or a friend to drive you home.
5	Went here with a  buddy of mine  (Shane) during Nascar weekend a couple of weeks ago. Place was jumping. Had an outdoor band playing and a fun atmosphere. Love the setup and the open brewery area. Tried the sampler which is a taste of all 4 of their beers. I was not disappointed. They all tasted great. I will definitely be visiting again when I'm in town.
5	I'll keep the going trend and give it a fiver.I thought this place was excellent. I came in from out of town and it's been a thing for me to go to a craft brewery or two when traveling for work and maybe pick up some merch.  This place delivered. Hospitality was great (EP is good at her craft) and the beer was extremely tasty. The handful of options cover a lot of ground and are well executed.There is just popcorn to eat now but the future holds a restaurant (fingers crossed). The decor makes me happy and the barstools are quite comfortable. I'm sending everyone I know who travels to Charlotte here.
5	Artisan beer makers and super sexy interior design. Very warm and inviting establishment. Great to have a Belgium inspired joint in Charlotte. The Wit beer is amazing.
5	My favorite wit beer and now my favorite porter! Joe Eric and Todd have done a great job!
5	Coming from the Southern California craft beer scene, I had high hopes for the Charlotte craft beer offerings. Unfortunately I had only time to visit one brewery on my recent trip. I am glad I chose Sugar Creek!We stopped in about 8pm on a chilly Saturday night to find a tasting room that was very uniquely decorated. You would never know just driving down this industrial street that such a cool/funky place was nestled in here. The decor is funky, yet classy...the brewing facility you can see thru the large wall height windows is itself one of the cleanest I have every seen, the copper and chrome look really is cool. The beers themselves were classic in offerings, ranging from a wheat, to a pale ale, an IPA and a Dark Dubbel as I recall. All were great tasting and I would drink them again for sure. I did notice that the tasting room very quickly filled up, but the staff did a great to keep pace, and even got us our souvenir hat and shirt in a quick manner.Great job to Sugar Creek as a whole... Keep It Up! Looking forward to seeing your brews out here on the west coast soon!
5	I met the Brewers Joe, Todd, and Justin. These guys know what they're doing and rock the brewing game. I'd give them six stars but yelp holds me back at five. More than impressed. Nice work Sugar Creek Brewery.
5	Great Beer, Great Prices (They had a $3 special which was awesome), and Great live music! The atmosphere is very nice....the roped ceiling is beautiful and the service was friendly. I still give this place 5 stars since I enjoyed it that much, but I would recommend that they turn down the live music just a tad...since it was REALLY loud and we eventually had to leave since we were still trying to converse.
4	It is hard to compare with the new grounds for Old Meck around the corner, but Sugar Creek has definitely done a great job transforming the brewery into their own little slice of heaven. I really enjoy coming here and getting the full effect of atmosphere, interior, and crowd.Their beer is pretty damn good to say that least, and I enjoy their more innovative recipes. Their selection seems a bit more limited, but again, their quality makes up for quantity. They hit the major beer styles so you shouldn't be fearful you won't find something that you like.The wait staff and service were both great.My only complaint would be the parking- limited. Always remember to watch out for the parking lot curb when you pull in/ exit!
4	Great examples of the Belgian classics. They just started serving food a few days ago, though I've not eaten here yet. But, the "Belgian Dip" is recommended. Very cool bar tenders & chill vibe.
5	Where do I start...OK, the beer is awesome.  Being unfamiliar with Sugar Creek when I arrived the first time, I got the 'full flight' which is 6 beers.  All are awesome, but my favorite is the dubbel.  I've been back now 3 times to get some more.  Last time I was there, they'd just opened the kitchen.  I had the opportunity to sample two sandwiches, both of which were fantastic, but the 'Belgian Dip' (kind of like a French Dip) took the cake for me.  All around awesome.OK, so the food and the beer are great.  What about the atmosphere?  The decor is cool and steam-punkish with a slightly nautical theme and totally comfortable to hang around drinking in.  More than anything what I like is that the amicable crowd.  This place is the opposite end of the spectrum from uppity south-Charlotte bars where nobody talks to one another.  If you hang out at Sugar Creek for a couple of hours, you'll probably have a conversation with several patrons, some of the friendly staff, and probably one of the owners who can regularly be seen working the equipment and testing the final product in the taproom after they're done.  The owners are friendly, they hire friendly people, and this attracts a friendly crowd.To top it all off, Sugar Creek is close to my work so I'll be back again and again.  You will enjoy yourself, come try it out!
5	Very good beer!  Great simple atmosphere. Great service. The Belgin Dubbel is very tasty. Tried the Mocha Java Porter. Was crazy good!!
5	Had a group event at Sugar Creek several weeks ago.  We had over 20 guys and the staff did an excellent job of keeping everyone's glass full.  That night the grill was not open however they had an excellent Vietnamese food truck outside that took orders and then delivered inside.  Overall group had a fantastic time and will be back.I would highly recommend the sampler as a start to ensure you get to try the excellent selection of beers.  Here's a rundown on the beer.5 Stars being the BestPale Ale - Excellent Ale - 5 Stars.  Hoppy enough for most.  Total Hop Heads may be a little disappointed but most won't regret this one.Saison - 5 Stars.  OK after you have to read the description of what a Saison is..you will be impressed.  My personal favorite at SCB.Dubbel - 5 Stars.  I have this one on tap at my house.  Picked it up from Custom Home Pubs.  For around $85 you get a beer with over 8% ABV and fantastic taste.  SBC is not charging enough for this one so order a keg before they wake up.Witbier - 4 Stars.  Only gave this one 4 as I'm not a huge fan of Witbiers.  My wife loves this one.  Would like to see a double Witbier on the season list soon.Porter - 5 Stars - My buddy Andy who is a local legend for his knowledge of beer says this is the best Porter in Charlotte.  I agree!Coffee Porter - 4 Stars.  Only gave this 4 stars as when compared to the regular porter...it's not as good.FoodTried a couple of the sandwiches and agree with my friend Sam that the Belgian Dip is incredible  Looking forward to seeing an expanded menu.  APPETIZERS...where are you?  Ok..no appetizers for now but if you ask them they will cut the sandwiches in bite size pieces you can share.AtmosphereVery friendly bar staff and enjoy the people at SGC have been very friendly. Decor is very nice.  I'm an engineer and if I think the decor is nice...it must be.Highly recommend trying out SGC and if you are stuck at Charlotte Airport and want something besides an Airport Bar.  Try SGC.  It's less than a $10 cab ride and you won't regret it.
5	Fabulous beer with lots of variety. Fun lunch stop with delicious panini. Lovely atmosphere.
