4	Pretty damn good lil' joint. We went there on Sunday @ ~ 5pm. It was not crowded at all and we got a table right away. Lil' girl came and asked what we want to drink. We shooed her away as we were not ready. But we made up our minds in a few min and she came right back to take our order for drinks. In the meanwhile chips and tasty salsa made its way to the table. By the time she came back with out Margaritas we were ready to order food and did so. We got some soup and a Burrito Enchilada Style. Soup was properly warmed and sized and tasted good, to boot. Burrito was HUGE! Did i say HUGE? I never EVER seen gianormous burrito like this in my life, and l love Mexican food and consume quite a bit of it. So... it was HUGE! And tasted real good too. All in all, it was good food for a fair price. I can not complain one single bit and will more then likely come back there."I like""Very nice"Eugene
4	Psst, hey Loco Patron, can you open a Loco by my house pleeeease. Like Queen Creek and Price. We'll be your first regulars!My boyfriend and I go to K-Bella salon to get our hairs cut and while we wait for one another, we hang out at Loco which is in the same strip mall. The staff is really cool and they have great HH prices and pretty decent food. They also have lots of different tequilas to choose from.
4	Dude -- awesome margaritas and Chips n Salsa!We've been here a few times in our quest to find "the best" margarita and chips/salsa place. Last time we went it was a Sunday afternoon.  The crowd looked like they had been out drinking the night before and needed some mexican food to make their heads feel better.  Love this place -- I'd like one near my house too!!Peace Out
3	Yummy margaritas and nachos - slow service, salads weren't that great, soup was not good at all. Stick to margaritas and nachos and you'll be happy.
1	The food was terrible and salsa was the worst I ever had, very bland and boring. Overall not a pleasant experience.
4	Awesome happy hour!And reverse happy hour!I loved their lobster tacos... mmmm... .lobster in a tacoYay!!
4	Ada G. and I come here often and she's right on about the salads and the soup. I don't know why we still always order a salad (maybe someday we'll learn), but their margaritas are great, their nachos are awesome and I love their salsa - it's really fresh tasting. So fresh tasting ion fact, I once caught the toddler drinking it straight from the bowl, but hey, it's a vegetable, right? I have no idea how their "real food" is but their happy hour fare is delicious and cheap and that's all I ask.
2	Good place to grab a drink for happy hour...but that's about it. Food is an afterthought and rates somewhere in between Chipotle and On the Border.
4	Great outdoor seating, local vibe, decent frozen margaritas and tasty tacos.We like to go on Taco Tuesdays with the Phoenix family as it is practically around the corner, the girls love their waitress and we love the margaritas and shrimp tacos.  Forget the ground beef tacos as they are mediocre.  Chips and salsa are decent but not memorable.  If you want REALLY good food and frozen margaritas then go to Z-Tejas.
4	I stand by my principle in saying Mexican restaurants have the best burger and fries. On a lovely ciabatta bun with pepper jack cheese and not cooked to shoe leather, that is how a burger should be.  Wife had the shrimp tacos and swore they were to die for.  Habanero wings? Hot. Very hot. But very good also.Now we were in on Cinco de Mayo and it was packed so I'm not gonna ding the service for that, but you could tell they seemed to be a little unprepared for all the people. Live music was good and if your into cougar hunting this seems like a nice spot to try.
1	I am absolutely astounded that this "Mexican Restaurant" has 3 and 1/2 stars on yelp! The only reason why they get a star from me is the bar atmosphere, they have a great bar with good happy hour deals, but that's it. Lets begin with the food, salsa and chips...absolute crap. The salsa tastes like canned crap from a 99 cents store, bland and just CRAP, I can go to Filiberto's across the street and find salsa 10 times better than what's at Loco's. The chips are salty as h***, tastes as if they poured the entire salt shaker into the basket, VERY SALTY, i'm not a goat, but thanks! I've been here for plenty of taco Tuesdays (mainly for the drinks). The tacos run between 1-2 bucks. The dollar tacos are shredded chicken or beef and the 2 dollar ones are shrimp, mahi mahi, and new york steak.I've tried all of the tacos, the shredded chicken and beef always dry and bland, same with the mahi mahi! The only tolerable tacos are the shrimp and new york steak, but once you go to a REAL Mexican restaurant, it makes those tacos look like poop! I've had their chimichanga's, again like another poster said about the beef, they put ground beef instead of shredded like what I expected and it sucked! I refuse to try anything from there again! If I go here it's only for happy hour once in a blue moon, but that's about it. Want to go to a real Mexican Restaurant try Los Taquitos off of 48th st and Elliot and La Canasta in Downtown, those are real Mexican restaurants. You know there is something wrong with a "Mexican Restaurant" when the hamburgers are better than the "Mexican food" they serve. Nuff said.
1	service is slow, food is one star, place looks like a dump, pleaseeee buy some new chairs on the patio
3	We arrived just after 11:30am and practically had the place to ourselves. Our server was smiling and very attentive too!Nice chips and salsa. Not much heat in our salsa, but full of flavor. Chips were very thin( but not weak) and fresh. We shared the combo fajitas and fish tacos. We added extra flour tortillas & had enough fixens' to fill them all. Some a bit too full!  The fish tacos had a great sauce that went well with the fish, cabbage and corn tortillas.   The beans and rice were a bit bland, but edible. Loco Patron has Free WiFi too!We enjoyed our visit and look forward to stopping in for happy hour food and beverage!
4	My parents live around the corner from here and it's a pretty regular stop for me when I'm up visiting them. I've gotten a few things on the menu and have enjoyed all of them. However my absolute favorite is the Grilled (not fried) Fish Tacos. They have the perfect amount of fish with delicious pickled cabbage and green sauce. With a corn tortilla it's perfect!! I have to admit I have not found better anywhere in Tucson...though I'm looking!One major criticism is that their classic margarita is awful. Way to sweet. This would normally be a big problem but the tacos are so good that it only takes away one star in my book.I've only gone for lunch but service has always been great! Their takeout is also wonderful. Just as good as in house!!
4	We were here to watch the football game with some friends.  They have happy hour drink specials even on a Saturday until 7pm, sweet!$3 Domestic and Mexican Beers$5 MargaritasDiscounted AppetizersSeth, our server was great.  Always checked in with us.  Made sure our drinks were always full.  Salsa was a little weak (no kick) and chips were good.  Got the chimi dinner in enchilada style with shredded pork, just one word WOW.  Love the minor kick of hot (I am a WIMP, so to others it is probably nothing).  The shredded pork was real good.Everyone ate their food happily, then after drinking for a couple of hours the munchies started.  We ordered the salt and pepper wings & habanero wings.  S&P wings were DAMN good.  Fried to gold perfection and the right mixture of salt and pepper on them.  Habanero wings kicks you in the lip, mouth, tongue, and fights you all the down the hatch.  If you like hot, then habanero wings are for you.  We ordered the kings brownie explosion to top off the evening.  The warm brownies were SO GOOD.  The ice cream and whipped cream just added to the wonderfulness.
5	Great house margarita, the pork chimi was soo good I wanted to order another one. The baja fish tacos are better than rubios fish tacos, and the come with smashed potatoes.. WOW.. Those are good. The salt n pepper wings with chipolte ranch were also amazing!! Great nieghborhood atmosphere, great patio view.
4	Went back to Loco Patron last night.  My husband had to have the Salt and Pepper Wings!  Even though it is a 42 mile one way trip to the place.  For a Wednesday night, they had a lot of things going.  The hockey and basketball games were on TV and Wednesday nights is their poker tournament events.  There was a steady flow of people for the time we were there.  Even with all the activities our service was still GREAT!  Seth ROCKS!Ok down to the good stuff - FOOD review:Salt and Pepper Wings served with carrots, celery and chipotle ranch dressing- The wings were fried to a golden perfection.  The wings were cooked through & through but still juicy and full of the simple balance of salt and pepper.Baked Mac & Cheese with grilled chicken breast- Spiral macaroni cheesed out with a creamy comb of smoked provolone and cheddar jack.  It is topped with toasted bread crumbs and parmesan cheese.  The grilled chicken was still juicy not dry.  The combination of the cheese and the toasted bread crumbs was so cheesy and GOOD.Hubby had the loco soft tacos with the shredded pork and told me that they tacos were just RE-DONK-U-LIOUS.  I am not sure if that is a word but OK we will go with that.Next time I need to save room for dessert.  The Sopapilla and ice cream has been calling my name.
5	Try the "Loco" hot dogs.... 2 dogs with pico and jalapenos wrapped in bacon.... I had mayo on mine... Good stuff!!
5	We go here every Tuesday, they have the best atmosphere in Tukee.  No scottsdale kids, and dollar tacos.  This place rocks.  The hot wings burnt my butthole for 2 days, they were awesome!  I shall stumble home from you tonight!
1	We used to come here a lot. Now, no wonder nobody is ever there. They nickel and dime you. Tiny bowl of chips, about a quarter cup of salsa...if you need more it's $1....no matter how many in your party. If you have six people in your party you get the same amount as someone dining alone. The real kicker was we had 3 $25 gift certificates. Our bill was $45...they don't give change and you can't use balance for a tip.  So to not lose out we only used one $25 gift card. We have to go back now. And no the gift certificates were not purchased at a discount. Anyways, bottom line we used to love this place, but this new owner had really ruined the whole concept. :(
4	Great food and fun on Clean Comedy night a few weeks ago.  Packed house.  A complete success.  Hope you guys do it again and again and again.
4	I saw some older negative reviews here. They're not true now. Guys named Billy & Edward own and operate the place now. One of them always seem to be there... insuring quality service & food. Their Chips & Salsa ARE great. Their wings are huge & meaty. All employees were fantastic. A lot of TV's for sports too. Awesome / Casual hang out.
1	So lame. They don't have the decency to let people know on their restaurant.com ad that they no longer accept certificates, so we drove all the way there for nothing. We LOVE Mexican food, but this place lost present and future business from us. Shame on you Loco Patron.
4	Stopped by for some drinks at Loco Patron. The margaritas were great and brought to the table quickly.  Service was great. It was nice hanging with friends and having a drink during a wonderful February day out on the patio. I just wish the drinks were slightly cheaper.
4	Me and the work gang are always in search for great Taco Tuesday places.This is a great Taco Tuesday place.Wonderful selection, great food, low bill - can't ask for anything more.Haven't been any other day or night, so can't talk to that, but if you are looking for a new Tuesday lunch spot, I highly recommend it.
2	We went to dinner at L.P. last Monday and were really disappointed. We sat ourselves, then waited for awhile before anyone came to take our order. The food was pretty good, but then after we had our check for about 15 minutes, I finally stood up and started looking for the waiter, who hadn't appeared. Another waiter asked me "What's wrong?" and I told him we wanted to pay and get out of there. He took the check, apologized for the wait and finally came back with change. Our original waiter seemed to have gone home. Bad service for a rather slow day. Won't go back.
4	Crunchy fish tacos - the best in the Tuke and maybe the Valley. The burger is excellent as well. Solid sports bar.
3	It's ok. Lotsa cougars. Food is not that interesting, just Mexican bar food. Cheap tacos. Tons of kids on weekend.
4	We hit Loco Patron after soccer skills camp at Desert Foothills Park. Just a short walk up from the park, across the street and through the parking lot, so we we were thirsty and hungry.We got our usual table in the middle of the bar area.  Kelly took care of us for a second time. She remembered us and treated us wonderfully!  She is an awesome server, great with our kids!  Kelly gave us a hard time and really made our night out fun.We were able to use a check-in for drink special, but unable to use the 1/2 off appetizer (we wanted wings and wings were already their daily special). We enjoyed the atmosphere, food and plethora of TVs for the sports fans we are!Our food was served warm and delicious. We shared fajitas, fish tacos, an enchilada plate and of course, (if you've read any of our other reviews) French Fries!  Our son loves French Fries, thinks he's a connoisseur!  He rates the fries from each place, just as our daughter rates California rolls! We had a good time, I'm sure we'll be back.
5	I come here just about every week, and I order something different every time. And let me tell you...the food is always good. And the servers always greet us promptly with a smile. The atmosphere is great. Plus, the owners could not be cooler and more down to earth. What else could you ask for? 5 Stars.
2	Could be sooooo much better. Everything just seems LAZY. From the food to the service :(
4	OK, this is not a hole in the wall Mexican place but it will do.  The staff is usually helpful in making recommendations.
5	I went there for lunch and the food was very good. Also the people who work there are very friendly
2	Meh. Staff is hit or miss on the service & friendliness. Try to charge you for extra chips, etc. Food is mediocre. It's close to me so I really wish it was my fave place ever. But I've been probably 6 times and have never left impressed.
4	The longer Loco has been open the better the service has gotten.  You have to ask for it, but they will bring you a green salsa that is much better than the red salsa for the chips, it has a lot more flavor.
4	Love your Taco Tuesdays! I go about every week. Servers are always very friendly and food comes out pretty quick.
4	Ive been to Loco once when it wasn't a Tuesday, but other than that I only go on Tuesday Nights... and by only, I mean every Tuesday.  My family and I go to Loco every Tuesday.  Kelsey and one other lady (im sorry I forget your name) are always our waitress.  Kelsey is awesome, I want to be friends with her! ha!  They always remember what we order.  I used to always get a margarita (one of the best frozen margaritas I have had at a restaurant) until I went on a health kick.  The atmosphere is awesome, they owners are always there checking in with people, and everyone is super friendly.  Tuesday nights are packed, luckily we get there early.  Food: I always have chicken, steak and fish tacos! Ha! I don't mess around.  Chicken tacos are $1 on Tuesdays, steak and fish are $2.  What a deal!! I have also had their wings, which are phenomenal at a Mexican restaurant! Definitely try their pretzel sticks at least once with the queso, also another fave! Loco gets loud on Tuesday, everyone is there for a good time!! This place is great for families, since its in Ahwatukee.  And the service is fantastic!  Can't speak for any other nights, but Tuesday is definitely Poppin!
2	Patrons that go to this dive are Loco! I had expectations that night time hangouts in Ahwatukee would have at least a minimal amount of quality due to its yuppie reputation. I was so wrong on the expectations!I didn't go to LP for the food, which was lucky because nothing I saw on tables looked the least bit appetizing. This place would fail a health inspection because it's filthy!I went there to listen to a live band, and to drink and dance. That was a bad idea, although the band that played there was respectable. The dance floor is pitiful. It's a dinky old cement floor that probably hasn't had a coat of paint for 10 years. It only shines because of the dried beer and stale grease that covers the dance floor and most of the rest of the areas. I assume people come here to watch ESPN and get drunk because it would be miserable to attempt to dance there.The live bands get to play on an OK elevated stage that has a wood floor. The positioning of the stage would suggest that music and dance was an afterthought. Why couldn't they have used to the wood on the stage to build a floor that people could dance on? Duh!!!Apparently people in the city of Ahwatukee have very low standards because this dive seems to get plenty of business.
1	If you're into Ahwatukee Housewives swapping and popping prescription smack on Saturday night, having your ass grabbed by a creepy divorcee old enough to be your father, weak sauce beverages and "Mexican food" that makes Taco Bell look appealing, then you will absolutely love Loco Patron.I also haven't been back in four years, so maybe things have changed. Still, I wouldn't go out of my way to give it another shot.
1	Did not honor website prices, overcharged on a la carte lunch specials, and charged extras without warnings. And every table was available at noon. Coincidence? I think NOT!!  What happened to the restaurant that was here under the same name a year ago!?!
4	Very good spot for being so far back in Ahwatukee.  It's very casual but has a good beer selection and although the Mexican food is hit and miss, their wings are really good and Taco Tuesday is a big hit.  It's a good place to socialize with locals or go alone and read a book.  The longtime staff is also very friendly.  I recommend.
2	Over priced food for the amount and quality. Had shrimp tacos and the shrimp was small and tacos were skimpy. Bar tenders look right through you and the girl servers just stand around and talk to each other. It's been about a year, however, so I hope they have gotten better.
4	Loco Patron has become our new neighborhood haunt.  I'm a fan of their Loco Trio.  Big portion sizes, low prices, good margaritas, and Wednesday night poker. Definitely a sports bar with a Mexican flair.
3	The food was bland. The atmosphere at the bar was nice with half the bar opening up to the outside. The drinks were a bit pricy but well mixed. The night life is better then most places nearby. While we have not taken advantage of it, they have a jumpy house outside for the kids on most Sundays. I would give it a try for evening drinks but do not expect much from their food.
1	HORRIBLE service here. I've unfortunately been here probably a dozen times, and EVERY time I've had bad service. I've heard other people say that the only reason they are still in business is because there aren't a lot of other options around in the Foothills, especially places with patio seating. I usually have to re-order items several times, because they will tell me they're bringing my drink or food, and then it never shows up. I've even sent back drinks after they brought me the wrong drink, and they poured it into a different glass and sent it back to me?! But credit where credit is due, their ceviche is very good. So is the salsa, the guacamole, sopapillas. Avoid the street tacos, they smell like a diaper. Most of the rest of the menu is hit and miss, even from one day to the next.
2	Waiter: Can I get you something to drink?Me: Yes, I would like a Modelo Especial with a lime. Waiter: I'm sorry but I think we are out of limes.Me: Out of limes? I thought this was a Mexican Restaurant?Waiter: Limes coming up from Mexico are very expensive right now. Me: I could run across the street and pick a few limes off my neighbor's lime tree.Waiter: (Unimpressed)Me: (Unimpressed)
2	My husband and I occasionally go to loco patron, it is nearby our home .  With limited venues in the area we tend to return to this establishment.  It is a hit or miss experience.  The food is ok.  Sometimes the waitress is on top of her job and provides good service.  Usually it is on Sundays where service is lacking. The last Sunday we went there was only on waitress.  It took some time to get our food and drinks.  The waitress forgot several things we asked for.  We ended up leaving our left overs because she forgot to bring a container not once but twice.  The restaurant manager sat at the end of the bar drinking alcohol and eating as he is visiting with his group of friends.  He would come and go from the building (jumping in a brand new corvette driving off).  and not even show any leadership or giving a concern for the customers.
3	Hello Arizona. Just flew in from Hawaii and went to this spot to have a few (a lot). Service is slow. BUT if you go to the bar, it's on point. Or maybe they don't have servers. I dunno. None came by after dropping off the FREE salsa and chips. Yeah. Free!!!!Is that a thing here in AZ? Cuz in HI you have to pay for chips. I know right?! Wtf?Anyways. I'm not a margarita kinda person. But theirs is on point. However. I was ordering double Jacks on the rocks all night. Figured I would ask how much the shots were. $4!!!!!Oh Arizona. I am gonna like it here.
1	First and last. I was there for 15 mins and i had to walk to the bar to place my order. Order 4 times a beer that never arrived. One of my lucky companions dare to order yet another beer and arrive 15 mins later... I think I never got mine. Never again!!!
1	Why are there no half stars. It took an hour for the waitress to get us a beer. Horrible service. Food was ok though.
1	Worst service ever experienced in the Tuke.  Food decent if you ever get the server to put it in.  Ordered 2 coors lites no less than 4 times with 4 different servers- all no shows.  Horrible service - no organization. First and last time!  Waitress admitted she was new and it was bad experience- come on mgt get it together!
4	So glad to have a place like this nearby. It's a neighborhood hangout that has open air indoor outdoor bar area and good food. Service is slow at tables good at the bar.
3	Went there for lunch and it wasn't too busy but being in a rush, we thought the service took a little long. The menu is large and they have great lunch specials.
5	Great specials and an awesome atmosphere! The owners always have something fun going on whether it's a corn hole tourney, bouncey house, game day specials or bands. The prickly pear margarita and shredded chicken tacos are a must order!
1	If you need a server.... you can find just about all of them sitting at the bar playing around on their phones. We had the pleasure of having Sierra as our server- whose attitude was just about as piss poor as her service. I ordered a tostada/taco lunch special, so you can imagine my surprise  when a taco and some other slop was placed in front of me. Sierra advised me the mystery item was in fact an enchilada. Ah... it's Mexican food right? Just the same shit put together  slightly different. I told her not to worry, I'd eat it anyway.  I wouldn't have mind as much... but then she proceeded to argue with me that I was wrong because when she took my order she asked me for red or green sauce."Enchiladas are the only item that come with sauce".  Not enough energy to argue with her, she immediately made her way back to the barstool where her phone was again glued to her hand. After about 15 minutes  of having dirty plates just sitting in front  of us, I thought I would do her a favor, head up to the bar with my card and pay. No use in staying  there any longer nor ever coming back. For better food and service I'll visit the Filibertos drive thru across the street.
5	This is ahwatukee best place to watch a game or have beer. Good prices and a clean place. The food is good and Mexian is the flavor. But also has all the traditional goodies like wings and burgers.
