1	Pizza was terrible and I was hungry.  Notch or two below sbarros.   Most of the food at this food court was not good.
1	Welcome to the only restaurant in the state of AZ that doesn't allow a patron a glass of water with their meal when requested. "We only have bottled water" I was told. Nice scambo guys. It backfired here this time though.  I left the slice that the cook prepared for me there and found another place to spend my money. Out of principle, I think I'd stay away from these goofs. They don't deserve your hard earned money.  To further end, I think its the law in Arizona that an establishment must give you a glass of water when asked even if you're not buying anything.  That's part of owning a restaurant in the desert...especially in July.The manager who instructed employees to do this should be fired.  No questions asked, do not pass go, do not collect $200.   And the young girl with braces who shared this policy with me in such a smug and irreverent manner should be let go too until she learns to question the integrity of a directive.  Would she also "short change a customer" if she'd been instructed to?  Would she do it with the same arrogant demeanor and panache?  I worry that she might.  She didn't flinch when I took my business elsewhere.  She knew beyond question that she was far better than me.And I shutter to think of the message it sends.  They don't have tap water back there?  How the heck do they wash all of the equipment and utensils when making the food they are serving.  Obviously they didn't think through that response too well???Look at the bad P.R. you just received for thinking its clever to refuse a paying customer a cup of water in hopes of getting them to pay $2.49 for a .20 cent bottle.I'd be willing to bet that either you'll have changed this ludicrous policy by the next time I stop next door to get barbecue, tacos or a pretzel OR you'll be closing up shop shortly thereafter.You guys don't deserve to have my business.  Nor anybody I can share this story with.
1	My son and I decided to go here after the Anthem Christmas tree lighting; it was well after the crowds had died down. I've been here once before and was not at all impressed so I wasn't expecting too much. Well, it was even worse than the first time! My son, being a kid, opted for a slice of cheese pizza which was still in the oven so at least that was fresh. I opted for some spaghetti.  I watched the server put some noodles into a black plastic bowl and top it off with sauce. I looked away for a second and the bowl was no longer on the counter. We stood there  for a couple minutes, looking at the server and others behind the counter for some sort of a cue to see if we should stay there or move toward the register or something. The next thing I see is our server kneel down and pull my spaghetti out of the abyss. I asked if she had just pulled it out of a microwave and she said yes. I told her I didn't want it then to which she replied "well, we microwave all of our food". I guess that explains part of the reason why it tastes so bad! I think almost everyone knows that you DON'T microwave anything in a plastic dish that isn't meant to go in the microwave! Even the ones that are meant to go in the microwave are questionable. If my kid wouldn't have REALLY wanted pizza we wouldn't have bothered to purchase anything from them. Don't waste your money here or risk your health by getting toxins from microwaved plastic!
