3	There aren't a lot of Mexican restaurants in downtown Montreal, but Carlos and Pepe's compensates for that with its size and adaptability. It's got a large, but still cozy, full-service restaurant on the main floor, while the second floor is more like a pub, though you can still get the same food there too, as well as specials. So it makes for an equally good night out for casual dining or drunken fiestas.The food is generally good, though not outstanding. One caveat, though: Carlos and Pepe's has really bad guacamole. Instead of mashing it so that it stays thick and lumpy, they seem to puree it, which gives it a whipped, frothy texture which is a bit unappetizing to me, as well as being inauthentic.
4	Since there are so few nice Mexican restaurants in downtown Montreal C&P is a good place to go.  I have tasted better Mexican near the Mexican border  in the US, but for a Montreal place, it's good.R.
2	So, I had the pleasure of eating at a mexican restaurant in Old Montreal last time I came into town.  Our Rue Peel restaurant hopping this week brought us to Carlos and Pepes on Tuesday night before hitting the Metro.   Truly, I wish we had skipped it.The margarita was not good, the mix was almost teal in color and tasted as if it had been around the bar for far too long under the counter.  The meal included beef nachos for my friend and I had the roasted vegetable quesadilla topped with guac.  My friends guacamole is not green brown!  Salsa does not have the flavor of strawberry jam!  Quesadillas are not simply heated flour tortillas stuffed with stuff.  Indigestion began almost as soon as we walked out the door and lasted till today!Not my favourite dining experience in town so sorry to say.
1	I've been here a few times and its never been anything special, sometimes even not good.  Dollar tacos and dollar beers night is good though.  I wouldn't get anything else but the tacos here.  I'd only come back here for the dollar special.
2	Went here a year ago and had an amazing time with great good but this time around i was disappointed i didnt even finish my meal.Drinks are moderately priced and so is the food. The waiter took 45 minutes to even approach the table and when she did she brought us chips and salsa( tasted like tomato sauce) and then she returned 20 minutes later to order. Food came out cold and bland.Never again.
4	We ate here our first night in Montreal.  We were tired from travel, and stopped at the first place that looked yummy near our hotel.  Anyway, we loved this place!  We were seated immediately, and our waiter was quick and friendly.  Loved the huge variety of vegetarian options on the menu, and my shrimp fajitas were great.  My husband had veggie chili nachos which looked fab as well.  The beans were awesome.  Really nice decor and ambience as well.  Highly recommend.
3	The boy and I wandered St. Catherine's street for a while trying to figure out where to eat dinner and not being able to make a decision. We sort of stumbled upon C&P's by accident and were tempted by the $1 taco deal for that evening. We both really enjoy Mexican food, and were pretty hungry by then so we thought, "why not give it a try?".We were disappointed to learn (once in and seated) that the $1 taco deal was actually for the upstairs part of the restaurant, which we thought was really strange and annoying. However, the waiter said they also had 1/2 price fajitas that night as well so we decided to stick to where we were and give that a try as it was still a good deal.We got tortilla chips and salsa to munch on - both were pretty good, though nothing special. I personally prefer chunky salsa and this one was a little watery. A good pre-dinner snack though. The boy and I shared a large glass of sangria, which was delicious (though that could have just been the sangria talking).The fajita fixings came to each of us on a neat platter with built in "holes" for each little container of toppings, which were numerous - salsa, guac, sour cream, refried beans - plus the ubiquitous hot tray of sauteed veggies and meat in the middle. We were both impressed with the portions - they brought us 12 tortillas, and I had plenty of toppings to make 5 total fajitas with lots left over at the end. However, I would have been fine with 3 or 4 because after 5 I was so stuffed I couldn't move! Everything tasted great, though, especially my chicken (I also tried some of the boys' lamb and it was very tasty too). For like $8 or $9 bucks for each order, I felt that we got a ton of food for the money. The service was good - not great, but normal. Our server was nice and fast and the place was crowded when we got there around 7:30 or 8pm on a Sunday evening so it seems popular. All in all, not an awesome experience, but not bad.
4	Then it was Happy Hour across the street at Carlos & Pepe's, a gigantic Mexican restaurant that looks like a little hole in the wall place from the front. I had a margarita as big as my head for $9, fantastic deal for Canada. The color reminded me of Ecto-Cooler a bit and it was kinda sour, but pretty good nonetheless. Honestly, I have yet to find a great margarita in Canada but I've learned that you just can't judge them by the same standards (yes, I know the US isn't Mexico, but we have some damn good Mexican food and beverages). I ordered the enchiladas (just wait for my Montreal-wide review of enchiladas), and the plate was called the Mexican Flag: one chicken, one cheese, and one spinach with red sauce. It was effing delicious! Definitely a great place to check out, especially during happy hour!
1	This place is horrible.  Our hotel concierge recommended it to us because it was after 9pm but I would have rather just starved and drank at a bar.  The food was horrible and the margarita was all green sour mix.  I wouldn't even eat here if it was the only place open and I was starving.
1	A completely awful meal!  We happened upon this place when strolling downtown.  I was intrigued by the decor but after that it goes down hill. Even the salsa and chips were lacking.  Very peppery, chips are Frito like and no Mexican flavors at all.  I hoped the meal would be better but the Chimichanga I ordered was bathed in what tasted more like aurora sauce and the meat was swimming in oil with a tomato sauce.  My daughter had the enchiladas and they were smothered in a very poor excuse for mole sauce, even worse than from a jar.  It was a waste of money and we left hungry but our plates were full!
1	Don't have the tacos. Service is good but the food us pretty terrible. The only person to like their food was eating the chimichanga. Tacos are awful.
3	If you need a Mexican food fix - this place should hold you over.I've lived in San Antonio for many years so my comps prove to be tough competitors.  The place is ok the margarita did not provide much of a kick.  I would go back.
3	I took a walk late this afternoon along rue Sainte-Catherine. I was getting hungry and it was suppertime. Carlos & Pepe's caught my eye (it's off rue Sainte-Catherine on Peel).  The restaurant is on the main floor and the pub is on the second floor. You have to climb a mountain of stairs to get to the pub (this is looking up at them) but that's where I headed. It's a cute place.  There were only two tables of two people when I got there ... it was getting busy when I left. They have happy hour drink specials 'til 7pm. You are given warm tortilla chips and salsa when you sit down to munch on. I ordered Rio Grande Chicken Burrito ... rather than salad, I got extra rice.   It was good and really filling ... I finished the burrito but couldn't eat all the rice.   The burrito must have been part of happy hour pricing because I was surprised was the bill came and the burrito was less than $8. I liked the food and the atmosphere ... I'd recommend it if you are craving a burrito. My one complaint would be with the service. My server was very unengaged. Though he wasn't rude, he wasn't friendly at all which is too bad considering he works in a restaurant.
1	Came here on a early dinner, and the service was disgusting. This is not even close to traditional mexican food. The food is like it came out of a freezer and microwaved. I could of done it myself at home for cheaper. It's a really shady place, and looks dirty. Menu is not worth the time reading, the portions are smaller then my iPhone. I would not bring kids, yourself, or a bad date your trying to ditch. It's not a place you wanna go eat, avoid it at all costs and spend your money somewhere else.
3	I enjoyed Carlos & Pepe's each of the times I have been there, they have fantastic deals to get you in (drinks AND food) and the quality of the food meets expectations. If you're paying a dollar per taco, don't expect something gourmet, it's a taco. Good place to fill your belly and have a beer, ambiance is good and service is good.
1	So we got into Montreal really late due to traffic and we were starving and Carlos and Pepes was the closest restaurant to our hotel so that's where we ate.  We should have just kept walking.So it starts out good: We were greeted promptly at the door and lead to our table.  The host brings us our menus with a basket of tortilla chips and salsa.  Nice, right?  Well, the chips were not so much chips as crumbs and broken bits.  But we were hungry so we appreciated the promptness of anything edible.  The salsa was all blended and looked like spaghetti sauce.  Some people may like this style of salsa, but I prefer the chunky cubes of tomatoes.  It's really difficult to eat chip crumbs with "spaghetti sauce" but it was free and edible, so whatever.  As a side note, we later got a re-fill of the chips and salsa and our second basket was actual unbroken chips.     So the waitress comes and pours us some water and takes our drink orders.  I had the large (28 oz) daiquiri with 2 oz of alcohol (a little over $10) and my husband had some sort of beer (I'm not a beer drinker, so I can't be more specific).  Then I ordered the mole beef enchiladas (was like around $13) and my husband ordered the chicken and ribs (around $17).  Now I hate sesame seeds, and if I'm going to an Asian place or if I'm ordering something that I think might have sesame seeds in them, I let the server know that I don't want sesame seeds.  I figured that at a Tex-Mex place ordering enchiladas, I didn't have to say anything.  Imagine my surprise when my Mole Enchiladas came with sesame seeds sprinkled on top!  Now Carlos & Pepes is not a "fusion" restaurant or some frou-frou place.  It's like a Mexicali Rosa's or Lonestar.  I have no idea what sesame seeds were doing on my Mole Enchilada.  Anyway, my fault for not mentioning it I guess.  So just be warned if you have the same sentiments as I do about sesame seeds.The mole sauce on my enchiladas was runny and not tasty at all.  The enchiladas were small with very little beef filling.  The refried beans were actually not bad.  They were covered in cheese and had a nice spicy kick to them.  The rice tasted like Uncle Ben's rice and had vegetables that probably came from a frozen bag in them (corn, peas and carrots).  The "salad" that it came with was a sorry excuse for salad.  It was strips of romaine with shredded carrot and pieces of olives in a disgusting creamy dressing (tasted like milk past its expiry date).  At least there wasn't any iceberg lettuce in it!       My husband's chicken was dry and the ribs were unremarkable.  Fries were just ok.  My daiquiri tasted like it didn't have any alcohol in it, but that might be because it was so diluted with the 28 oz of slush.  Our dinner with taxes and tip was a little over $65.  Totally not worth it.  We should have gone to McDonald's (I would have said Taco Bell, but there are no Taco Bells in Quebec).If you happen to walk by Carlos & Pepes, I suggest you keep on walking.  Sorry.
1	If you are a visitor to Montreal.  Avoid this place like the plague.My first impression was 'WOW", there is a large crowd at this mexican restaurant both inside and out.  So this must be the spot for mexican food in Montreal.  "FOOOOOOOOLLLLED YOU", Darth Hemet voice from Spaceballs.We were seated promptly upstairs and then came the chips and salsa test.  The salsa was not good.  It was bland and didnt have flavor.  The chips were on the border of being almost stale.  We should have walked away at this point.  Nope.  We ordered a margarita and a cadillac margarita.  AWFUL!  The drink came out with a lot of foam and neither my girlfriend nor I could taste and tequila.  All we tasted was the sweet and sour mix.  Plus there was a lot of foam at the top of the drink.  Weird.  I have never had a margarita with this amount of foam on top.  We ordered one appetizer which was the combo.  Came with flautas (decent), chicken wings (good), potato skins (blah), and cheese quesidillas (decent).  The wings were the only good part of this meal.The even worst part was when the bill came out.  42 bucks (including tip)!  Yeah a major rip off for two drinks and an appetizer.I should have went with my gut and avoided a mexican restaurant in Montreal since I live in the mecca of great mexican food. SOCAL!  And the best part, I went to Don Jose this past tuesday and spent 30 bucks including tip and a cadillac margarita, three regular margaritas and a macho nachos. Ha!Cheers.
1	Worse than I remembered it...but that is comparing it to my University daysFood is greasy and uneventful. The drinks were so-so. Although it has a decent patio for people watching, I'd take a pass. There are way better restaurants/bars in Montreal.
5	It was great and could you imagine i was not a fan of mexican food prior to my visit now i can't wait to put my foot back in there. The ambiance is nice not too dark not too bright its my type of place. The waiter was unbelievably amazing they were there to advice and help us make up our mind from start to finish i had fun.
2	I've been here a handful of times, food is nothing special but when I'm in the mood for some mexican, this location is always convenient and prices are good.However in the past year, they have increased their prices without making actual menu changes.I typically get soft tacos or enchiladas. If it's stuffed with minced beef, it's tasty, but the steak strips are chewy and tough. Their rice is dry, not seasoned well. Refried beans are hit or miss. One time I got refried beans that had such a stinky melted cheese on top, I wasn't sure if they changed types or the cheese had gone bad. The dressing used on their little side of salad is quite yummy.I haven't tried their margaritas, but their sangria is very good.Service has always been very fast. It's not a fancy place, food isn't that great but depending on what you order, it's a good uncomplicated meal.
2	As Mexican I can attest the food is NOT authentic. Tip for the chef: Flautas are made with corn tortilla, flour tortillas are never fried (yuck). The enchiladas are made with stale corn tortillas, they probably think will hide that...and the guajillo salsa taste nothing like guajillo chile. Avoid!
1	The food is pretty average and I've had Mexican people tell me that it does not represent their cuisine at all.  The last time I ate here I got sick off the tacos so needless to say I'm quite turned off by it.
2	This restaurant is a little over-rated. It's almost impossible to have a table unless you have a reservation. Their salsa has strawberries in it, which I think is particularly strange. The food was average. Not Taco Bell, but not 100% Mexican either.
2	The food was bland.  The chips came from a bag.  It was far too expensive for the quality of food they serve.  The service was decent though if that counts for anything.
2	If you are really craving for Mexican food, and you are hungry and there is nowhere nearby you can take a seat here.+ fast service- expensive, not tasty.
2	Food sucks. There's not much else to say
5	It's been a long time since I came to Carlos and Pepe's and boy has it changed. I went upstairs to the bar for a quick bite before the Habs game and was shocked how beautiful the place was. The waiter told me they had just renovated and installed a new menu. I had the grilled chicken quesadillas and they were fantastic. Lots of beer choices now as well. wish I had more time, but will definitely be back.
1	nice beer selection but food was pretty subpar.
1	Carlos & Pepes used to be a great place to go for cheap $1 tacos on Sundays. After their renovation, they've turned it into an extremely loud bar environment with poor service. The $1 tacos are now $2 with less food (no side rice) and fewer fillings (absolutely do not order the vegetarian tacos - what used to be beans and vegetables is now just corn and avocado). It may have been an issue that we were there on St Patricks Day but I've heard similar reviews from other people who have gone. I used to go to Carlos & Pepes every Sunday and now I'm sure that I will not return.
1	If you think you found a place to eat tasty Mexican food with excellent service...you're better off dining at your local Taco Bell.My wife and I came in to this place thinking we'd have an enjoyable mojito with an appetizer.  We were first "greeted" by a very annoyed server who sat us down.  The chips and salsa that were brought out were not the best, the chips were better off eaten by themselves rather than being dipped in their bland concoction they call salsa.  No biggie, chips and salsa are not why we came here, we then proceeded to order our drinks and appetizer.After a good twenty minutes of waiting our server finally returned with our drinks (and mind you they were not too terribly busy) and that was the last time we ever saw our server.  We continued to wait an additional 45 minutes for our appetizer, that never arrived.  We noticed that other tables around us were asking about their food orders but were blown off by the wait staff.  My wife waited and then asked the same question to one of the servers and his only response was to mumble and walk away.My advice is to skip this place and spend your money at far better restaurants in the area.
1	Bland, bland, bland. There is no flavor to be found here - just passable service. Keep walking.
1	Went to this place for my birthday with a party of about 12 after reading some fairly decent reviews about it. Took 20 minutes for a waiter to even acknowledge our presence and take our order. Food was decent but not worth the wait. Cocktails are HUUUGGEE and mostly ice and sugar with little to no alcohol. Still on a hunt for some decent Mexican food in Montreal...
4	My girlfriends and I were looking for something different in Montreal last week and came upon this place. Didn't expect too much going in but we had a really good experience. The waiter was very friendly and attentive and provided us with some good recommendations.The food was above average and the prices below average. I would go back the next time I'm in Montreal!
