3	Craplicious.  I booked this hotel because I had a meeting down in the UPMC medical center.  The location couldn't be beat, right near downtown with walking distance to campus and all of the great college type restaurants in the area.  Past this I wasn't too impressed.  The hotel was a bit dreary and the internet didn't work initially (kind of important on a business trip), but the maintenance guy forgoed the whole internet box and connected me directly into the wall which worked great.  I had a tough time getting to sleep because my bedroom faced the gas station.  Aside from the time difference, I had hoodlums driving in and out of the gas station all night long blaring their hoodlum music the whole time they were filling up their hoodlum cars with gas.  Lame.
3	This hotel could easily get higher ratings if they offered WiFi in the rooms, and if they did something to minimize the outside street noise getting in.  My room was very big, had 2 bathrooms, one with jacuzzi-like bath tub.  Oh, their soap and shampoo smell really awful.  The breakfast is pretty decent for the North, but dinner was mediocre.
4	Pros: Decent rooms, large pillow selection for each bed, and relatively clean.  There's a nice lounge with breakfast on the 9th floor, and there's a billiards room too (locked late a night)Cons: Buzzing bathroom light, brown tap water (may be a Pittsburg thing), "FREE WI-FI" IS ACTUALLY ONLY FREE IN THE HOTEL LOBBY! IT'S $10/DAY FROM YOUR ROOM.  Beware if you are an Internet junkie.
3	The hotel has a perfect location for a visit to UPMC or the University of Pittsburgh. It is a 20 minute walk from CMU. The rooms are a bit run down and the entire hotel breeds 1990ties. It is not clear how much of an update is has reached since then. The beds are pretty good. The rooms have separate AC - the noisy types. The rooms facing the street are quite noisy so I hope you are immune to street noise. The is a gas station in front of the hotel. The rooms have wired and wireless internet, but the service is a bit slow and has drop-outs. Had breakfast at the mezzanine level. The food is ok but the service is really not great. Great venue and OK rooms. This could be a killer place if they cared a little.
2	This is usually where we stay when visiting the niece in Pittsburgh because of it's convenient location to the university.  The rates are reasonable, and they will often upgrade you to whatever the level is that includes a free continental breakfast.  Restaurant on site isn't worth the trip, even though I was told on my recent visit there is a new chef.   I went into the restaurant just to check it out and looked over the menu.  Eh.  I also endured the buffet breakfast which is OK, but nothing to rave about.  They have a cocktail bar where you can also order off the menu.  The bartenders seem like they're working in slow motion and you have to track someone down for a refill or to square up your bill.   The house wines are not worth your hard earned money - stay away!Valet parking is convenient and the valet staff is very affable and helpful.  Valet parking is $17/day (ouch!).  Rooms are clean, nothing special, and the beds are actually quite comfy.   If you're just looking for a decent place to lay you head down for a night or two, this place meets the that need.
3	This hotel has so much potential and looks like it was. Staff very nice, furnishings and decor very nice but you can see the building and mechanicals crumble in front of you.
4	Our second trip here.  The beds are comfy. The rooms are partially updated and clean.  Have had helpful and friendly service from all staff members.  Within walking distance to many eateries.  The biggest thing we enjoy is the free shuttle service within a 3 mile radius.  Gets us to most of the main attractions without the hassle of their crazy road system.
3	If you're working or visiting the Pittsburgh neighborhood of North Oakland (University of Pittsburgh, Carnegie Mellon, UPittsburgh Medical Center), this is a good combination of value and comfort. It's not the best hotel, but for the money, it's my 1st choice.BOTTOM LINE:Good value, if you're willing to live with a few small compromises.POSITIVE:This was the cheapest "nice" hotel, I could find in the area - VALUE is definitely there.Updated technology. Internet Access was fast and easy.HD TV with movie channels in the room.There were lots of outlets within easy reach to plug in tech gadgets.Furniture (easy chair and desk chair were modern and comfortableLighting was subdued and modern (lights slowly come on to allow for pupils to adjust.The staff was friendly.On a couple visits the hotel hosted a manager's reception with snacks and free drinks.Parking was reasonable (but Valet ONLY) in the hotel's garage.The fitness center was passable.Close proximity to some of the medical centers.Close proximity to the restaurants and clubs on Forbes Avenue.NEGATIVE:The rooms were a bit small, and the bathrooms cramped.During 1 stay, water pressure at the shower was weak.A short walk to the University campus areas.The hotel was on Forbes Ave - so there's a lot of ambient lighting from street/business coming into the room.
