4	I'd call this a small version of the traditional 50's diner for breakfast and lunch. The portions are very large at the prices are low! The food is great and the staff is extremely friendly. Bring a friend to share the ham and eggs!
5	This diner is a great find. Wonderful food and the owner and cook Rudy is always working hard to make sure you are happy. The service is excellent and people are full of smiles
5	What a great place! Very friendly staff and giant sized great tasting food... The owner is a very friendly man! Visit this place and you will leave happy.
4	This is a great little 50's diner, well hidden down Arville.  If you blink, you'll miss it.Their breakfast is AMAZING!  I recommend the French toast or the pancakes and make sure you bring your appetite, because you're getting a lot.We went back for lunch, but I wasn't as impressed as I am with their breakfast.  This is my spot if I want some comfort food in the morning and don't feel like cooking.
5	Absolutely an awesome breakfast place. Filled with cute coca cola memorabilia. We loved the bacon, extra crispy hash browns (ask for it) and a huge and tasty chicken fried steak with gravy.
4	This place is great if you are looking for a clean "greasy spoon" type of place.  At first I thought we must be out of our mind to go to a RV park for breakfast but I soon discovered when I got there that this is not an RV park and the food is yummy.  I've been here 3-4 times and each time the food is consistently good and the employees are friendly.  The chicken friend steak breakfast is huge and delicious.  The same goes for the ham and eggs.  If the place is busy (which it has been every time I have gone) be prepared to wait a short while.  This place is not big but worth the short wait.
5	Good bowl of chilli for lunch, did not charge me extra for cheese. Played songs from the '70's I really like, excellent waitress.
5	I love this place!! It's such a cute little 50's diner. The staff is great and I'm in love with the Blt sandwich. The food is always piping hot and amazing
5	Outstanding breakfast with great personal service!  Spotless dining room and restrooms.  Excellent value and great food. Best breakfast in Vegas!!!
5	Whoever gave this one star needs to get a life. The food was great. The service was exceptional. The restaurant was spotless. The servers were personable and bubbly. Regulars came in and were greeted with hugs. My coffee cup was never empty AND they give you your own creamer bottle! (Flavored no less)! I'm so glad we found this diner, it's our new favorite spot!
5	Best diner in Las Vegas.  We had the omelets and they were superb!  Fresh ingredients,  super friendly staff and a wonderful atmosphere.
4	I work around the corner so I order to-go for lunch. They put the food together quick and the staff is friendly. It is also very clean in there. I ordered tuna melt - good except I don't like onions. And the chicken fingers - typical chicken finger bar food.
5	For a breakfast to please the big appetite, this is the place.  Sparkling clean retro style diner, friendly staff.  I forgot to take a picture of the ham steak breakfast before I cut in half only to take 3/4 home it was so large.  Tried the chicken fried steak breakfast as  well;  equal to the ham steak.  Will try sharing  "Killer Club" the next time.
3	The people on Yelp come through again.  I saw a review for this diner many months ago, bookmarked it, but never went.  The other day before running some errands, I stopped here to have breakfast.They have a 3 item (your choice) omelette option and I went with that.  I got mushrooms, spinach, and pepper jack cheese.  The omelette came with hash browns and toast.  I opted for rye toast and it was the swirl rye.  The omelette had a large amount of the three items.  Coffee was brought before I ordered an refilled several times.A few things about the place.  It's small and quaint with Coca Cola memorabilia.  The menu says breakfast is served to 10:30.  I arrived close to 10:30 and the server, Brenda, told me they could stretch the time a bit and that they will make an omelette any time of the day.  The menu is limited.  Don't expect to get stuffed French toast or exotic flavored pancakes.  This is a basic diner with basic diner food well prepared.  The neon sign inside says 50s Diner and I think they go by just The Diner at LVM because of the other 50s diner in town.  Parking is ample in front and the grounds fo the LVM are really nice--at least what you can see from the entrance.I had a pleasant time sitting at the counter and watching the cook do his thing and just taking in the behind the scenes activities.  Brenda was a fine server and very pleasant woman.Had it not been for Yelp, I would never have known that there was an LVM Resort or a diner open to the public there.
5	Great as advertised by yelpers. Good prices, very clean. I sat at the counter ordered 2 eggs with hash browns crisp(yes they make them crispier on request) and rye toast.  Bread was fresh, potatoes were well cooked and for $4.99 why cook it at home?  Saw the french toast being cooked. BIG slices it looks like
4	The 3-item omelet was HUGE and loaded with ingredients! The pancakes were large and fluffy, just perfect! Service is a tad slow, but super friendly... not bad for only one waitress in a full diner! We will be back for sure!
4	This place is off the beaten path in Vegas but it is worth a visit if you want good priced food that tastes good. The staff is friendly and will make things to order this is my second time back in 3 days.
5	Great little diner right outside of the Vegas strip we stopped on our way back home. Great service our waitress always came by to check on us and refill our waters! Food was great I would definitely recommend the breakfast sandwich Yum!
5	Love this place. I come here when I'm too lazy to make breakfast because this is so close to my house. Like a minute drive or two. This cute and cozy diner got the friendliest servers. They make you feel at home. I love the chicken fried steak and the salads are huge! The decor reminds you of the 50's diner, just like in the movies! Check it out!
5	YUP this place is awesome! good food, 3 egg omelette is just amazing, pancake to its perfection and you also have an option to pick your own coffee creamer. My wife loves the food so much that she already has a plan of coming back next week with our kids. The staff is super friendly too
4	I love breakfast foods and definitely eat alot of it, so this place is definitely up to par. Huge portion compared to the price you pay so. Make sure you don't hungry! Also customer service was great and was very surprised about how fast it was considering there was only one waitress and a busgirl. Very friendly and would come back again.
5	Food is incredible and the service is unmatched. Everyone is friendly beyond belief. I would definitely come back!
5	Fresh, delicious, generous diner cuisine. Eat-off-the-floor cleanliness. Free jukebox. Owners are a kind, sweet couple. Worth going a few blocks off the interstate.
5	I asked nicely for their chicken fried steak (it was 11:45 so breakfast service was finished) and their cook was nice enough to make it for me anyways.  No pre-made chicken fried steak here.  True to the classic diner tradition, hand breaded, down home deliciousness.  And my wife's killer club was indeed killer...Friendly staff, good food and nearby.  Will be back fo sho!!!
5	Great food diner. And they were nice enough to serve us breakfast after the cut off time.
5	Cute little diner, the one waitress is very efficient. The food was really good. I had the club ended up taking a fair bit with me. My husband has the cheese burger and said it tasted delicious very homemade. Definitely recommend.
5	Awesome find!Very clean - great food - huge portions - extremely friendly people. A must do!
5	Love this place food is great service is great and music is great. Brenda was a really nice person.
4	We stay MCR so we walk over to Diner.  11-17-14 was there and as always the food was good the place was packed which is always a good sign.  Had the omelette and could not finish.  Service is just outstanding and the whole staff cares.This trip was about or third time eating at the Diner have not done lunch but I would based on breakfast.  Will be back in the spring.
4	In the midst of the Deep South (Las Vegas) when you cannot find breakfast at 10:40 am... You can count on The Diner at LVM Resort. While they may be a bit out of the way and discoverable only through word of mouth or fabulous sites like Yelp, you will come back every time you are on your way in... Or out of Vegas. The service is outstanding, they come to your table in a jif and... Treat you like you are a regular on your first visit. Can you beat that? As a "hungry for breakfast" patron, I highly recommend this quaint diner for anyone looking for a traditional breakfast in Vegas!
