1	Dang I wish I knew this was on Yelp. I would save the time and money.I am a hardcore JFK fan. my license plate is JFK! and boy was I disappointed.Everything is a replica, items are scattered in a huge meeting/ event room, it looks so amateurish I felt like it was disrespectful to the 35th president. Even if it was free admission I'd still be disappointed and upset. I could have done a better job doing it in my living room. Shame on you Tropicana!
1	AHHH I checked yelp for this immediately after walking in. Biggest joke by far. I wanted to take pictures to show how absurd the display and over all appearance of this place was, but didn't want to spend any extra time in there, trying to get a refund. It was sparse, everything was a duplicated version, apparently chairs from other presidents and other First Ladies dresses were in there. Nothing what I thought it would be. I would give a higher review for the supervisor that refunded me the 3 tickets I bought for locals, totaling $71. I would have been disappointed even if it was free. Oh well. Dallas here I come for the real deal.
1	Terrible.$25 a person (plus a $4) fee on top of each ticket. When we got to the ticket "booth," (it was actually a dining table with a table cloth draped over it), the ticket machine wouldn't work. Two people were ahead of us and we still were waiting 20 minutes to buy tickets. Finally (a plus here) a nice couple gave us their extra tickets for free: Thank-you (and boy am I glad I didn't have to pay).Other than the cars, and about 5 wee things, nothing is either real or even related to JFK. It was set up like a primary school science project in a giant, vacant room. The posters with "facts" were full of misspellings and even had some questionable accuracy.I spent time in there hoping that I'd stumble upon some gem, but alas it was awful.The icing on the cake was when I fellow decided to cross the rope line to sit at one of JFK cars. HE SHOULD NOT HAVE DONE THIS, AND I DO NOT  CONDONE IT. HOWEVER, the man working at the "gift area," who I assume is also the curator and security guard?? Began yelling an screaming at this person. He then continued on to call the man "stupid" and uttered swear words to himself. Then he did nothing. He allowed this "offender" to continue on looking unsupervised. Then I witnessed him talking to another female that appeared to be working the exhibit as well. He spoke loudly using the F-word so that everybody at the exhibit could hear. Finally he expressed that he was less concerned about the car and more about getting the picture back from the "offender." What the Hell?I left shortly after that. I feel like the Tropicana did not do their research on this particular exhibit. I feel that the whole thing was purely for profit and that no legitimate interest or research on JFK was presented.VERY DISSAPOINTED. Glad I didn't pay. To the couple that handed us the free tickets Thank-you in more ways than one!
