4	We tried stopping by this place on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was closed the owner and her family were "hanging out" so they invited us in to try some things gratis. While the bread itself truly does merit 5 stars, I'll keep this one to 4 right now until I've tried this place as a paying customer! It is a chain, but it seemed the family that owns/leases this particular location takes pride in what they do. We had the pumpkin bread with chocolate chips and a loaf of the honey wheat. Both were to die for! The honey wheat has all natural ingredients including wheat they grind themselves. No HFCS - just the good stuff. The bread is high in fiber and very filling. I adored it. It was a bit pricey ($4 if I recall?) to justify buying on a regular basis, but it's definitely a nce splurge when you want special bread.
5	Whenever we visit Henderson, stopping at the Great Harvest on Horizon Ridge is a MUST!  The quality of their breads and baked goods are absolutely the best.  They carry a variety of breads that I'm not able to get in our immediate area, so we try to stock up when we're in town. My current favorite is their Flax Oatbran, with Asiago Sourdough and Dakota  close behind.  I've learned you can't compare Great Harvest breads to your local grocery store options, because there is no comparison when you look at what you get for your dollar.  Ounce for ounce, Great Harvest breads are THE bargain.  The grocery store loaves don't even come close nutritionally to what is baked fresh in every loaf at their store.  I love the fact that these breads taste great just plain, but become 'a bit of heaven' when toasted with a little butter.  Their breads make getting the fiber I need in my diet a daily luxury.If you're in the mood for a GREAT sandwich, give them a try.  The combination of ingredients are fantastic!!!
5	Best sandwich in Vegas! Excellent, friendly service. Worth a visit if you're in the neighborhood.
5	This is the best bread in the valley. It started off as mom and pop shop in Montana and became a chain. You would never know it by the quality though. Each chain is unique and different. I had my first taste when I was in MT. I went to this location and was pleasantly surprised to find it was even better than I remembered. They have a schedule of different breads baked daily. The sandwiches are not that great, too little meat, nothing special...
5	Great bread, great rolls, and great sandwiches! If you have a bread craving, this is the place to go!
5	It's a great, homemade feeling sandwich, that makes you feel good about what you ate. Not like panera, where I'm worried about how many calories are on their butter-encrusted bread.They give out free samples as soon as you walk in. My fav bread is the red, white, and blue. Plus, they're super friendly!
5	love love love great harvest bread.the service is always friendly and helpful. right when you walk in you get to sample a huge slice of one of their fresh breads of that day.the bread is amazing. baked with lots of love. my favorite is the oat bran and high "five" fiber. since a whole loaf is too big for me to eat by myself in the fresh of days i have discovered that freezing half of it and putting it in the fridge for when when i am ready to bring the other half on works out really well.i don't mind spending 6 dollars on a loaf of this homemade bread. i know what i am getting when i pay for it and being the little health nut i am i can't beat this.don't plan on making a trip on sunday though. the only day they are closed.
4	I realize Great Harvest is a franchise, but this location has the best couple that run the store, that it's head and shoulders above the others that I have been to.  The breads are so yummy - the spinach feta is my favorite, closely followed by the savory loaf.  My daughter went nuts for the apple crumble.This was my go-to sandwich place when I worked nearby, and I never got tired of it.  The sandwiches are so fresh and customized to exaclty what the customer wants.  And one cannot forget the sweets - the oatmeal chocolate chip cookies are fantastic, as is the chocolate chip scone.
5	Talking about wonderful bread...and their sandwiches are really good too. As soon as you walk into Great Harvest Bread, they greet you and ask if you would like to sample whatever it is they have fresh that day. At the Horizon Ridge location, it's a lot (not that way at all locations). When they say sample, they don't mean just a small sample, they cut this giant size chunk off of whatever it is you wanted, which is always wonderful. The sandwiches are always great, made to order, with fresh meats, cheeses, whatever you want. The bread is just incredibly soft and fresh and this location always has a good selection. I must also mention that this location has very friendly people working as well. It is very comfortable and clean as well. Try their specialty breads during various holidays (like green monster fingers at Halloween)...great stuff!
4	Have you ever had a piece of fresh soft chewy bread with soft whipped butter slathered all over it for free? If the answer is no then take a drive to a Great Harvest Bread Company and turn your No into a Yes. Your free sample is not even tiny, it's a good sized thick piece. So if you haven't visited this place before please do, get your free sample and I guarantee that you'll leave with a loaf of bread or a goodie. It's hard to resist!!! Even though the bread here is pricier than the bread at a grocery store, the extra few bucks is so worth it.They have really good lemon bars but it is only made on Mondays and Wednesdays. They make different breads and goodies on different days and their schedule is posted in the store and online (I think-if not should be). The red,white and blue bread is yummy if you like blueberries and cranberries. I like the cheese bread, sweet orange rolls, chocolate cherry pound cake and they have gigantic cookies but I'd rather get a lemon bar. They also sell a variety of sandwiches and on Easter they sold bread that looked just like Bunnies with eyes and everything-too cute.One star off for being closed on Sundays.....
5	The service is hit or miss. During the same shift, my friend had one girl who seemed put out by her questions about soy free products and a girl who continuously apologized for not being able to answer her questions. The girl who tried to help was super friendly and that is what people remember. The breads are amazing. Not only do you get to try a free slice of bread, but it is the same stuff that they are selling that day. No way are you getting old product, no, they are pulling it off the shelf if they run out of a tester. I had got the double chocolate cherry bread. The same nice staff member asked if I was ok with the heel end. Of course, I love end pieces. It is like getting a corner piece from a batch of brownies. This thick monster piece that no one else wanted was mine for the taking and came with a light spread of butter. If you are a butter lover, they will smear the heck onto it. Make sure to clearly state how much you want because you can never have too much butter is their theory. After eating this generous piece of over indulgence, I got a loaf of cinnamon raisin bread ($5.50) for French toast making. My friend got the cinnamon swirl bread ($6.50) and a grilled cheese on Asiago sourdough (Around $7). The cinnamon swirl was like a giant cinnamon bun minus the super sweet cream cheese frosting. It was perfect. The grill cheese was beautiful, the quality of both the cheese and bread was amazing. For those who have soy allergies; the sourdough, cinnamon swirl, and red, white and blueberry breads are all safe.
4	I have been in here a dozen times over the last couple of years. I usually stop in for a high priced sandwich that is worth every penny! The sandwiches are fresh and can be customized to order. The bread is fantastic, and usually end up buying a couple of loaves. The cinnamon chip seems to be my favorite, but is not made every day!
5	Everything is amazing! It sounds too good to be true, but it isn't! We don't eat much bread (we can't be trusted!), but this is the 1st place we think of when we're craving complex carbohydrates. Luckily (or unluckily) enough, this place is right around the corner from our house, so we've probably been there a few dozen times since we moved to GVR in 2004.Pumpkin-anything is my favorite (esp pumpkin-chocolate-chip bread!), but the giant cinnamon roll is fantastic as well (I think it's called cinnamon swirl, not to be confused with the actual cinnamon rolls which are also phenomenal). Not sure how frequently they make them, but the brownie is hands-down the *best* brownie you can buy! My husband's *in love* with the chocolate-cherry bread they make (I think it's avail Mondays, but not sure). There literally isn't anything I've had there that's less than 4.5 or 5 stars out of 5.We also stopped in yesterday for a little something, and got an oatmeal-chocolate-chip cookie to split. It was heavenly; 2nd only to their brownie, which wasn't available.  Chewy, yet crunchy; not too many chocolate chips, not too much oatmeal; not greasy at all. Yet another thing to love about this place.BTW, if you've never had one of their cookies, they're gigantic! And, the free sample is every bit as great as the other reviewers have said. For us, the staff is always great; very friendly and helpful.
5	On the way into town, I googled "best sandwich Henderson Nevada" and this was one of the first places that popped up.  The two sandwiches I had were heavenly, and the service was so extremely friendly that, quite frankly, it makes most other places pale in comparison.I don't live in the area, but I will definitely be returning here again next time I'm in town.
3	This is a pretty good place to come to for lunch (if you are in the area). The sandwiches are really fresh and healthy. And they are incredibly nice here. They will sometimes give you samples of several different breads. They also offer kids size sandwiches. I give it three stars since I feel it is a bit pricey. But I suppose it can be justified with the fresh and healthy part?
3	The food is overpriced for what you get.  Yes it is fresh and yes it is decent.  However the sandwiches are small and covered in mayonaise.  Just over all not impressed.
5	We enjoyed a slice of the Spinach Feta while we were contemplating what to bring home and ended up buying a loaf it was so good!  Needs no butter, it tastes great just by itself.  Also bought a Sin-Amen loaf and it was awesome.  I love that it is made of whole wheat.  The cost of the bread is more than in a grocery store but it is good stuff and the loaves have a heft to them that leave you satisfied.With all natural ingredients, friendly staff, a company policy that encourages service to the community, and a welcoming atmosphere, I say "dive in" to your favorite loaf and indulge while feeling good that you are eating fresh bread.
5	Yummy in my tummy. This place has theeeee best, homemade bread in Vegas. From pepperoni stuffed bread, to the pumpkin chocolate chip loaf, white wheat bread to my personal favorite the cinnamon roll bread, they have a wide selection of yeasty treats. Ugh, it's just so bad for my hips but it's to die for. Just heat it up with a little bit of butter and you're good to go. In addition to bread they also have cookies, rice krispy's, biscotti and tons of other items you can grab on the go. Note: they even have low carb options *gasp*Great Harvest has a cute, little dining room. They offer up a variety of sandwiches and have a soda fountain to quench your thirst. Also just for coming in you get a free sample of their bread. They give you a huge slice too! They used to slather it in butter for you but they recently took that away due to a SNHD visit. Baloney I say! Let me have the butter!!!!!!!The staff is so friendly and warm. They greet you as soon as you walk in the door. It makes the price of $6-$7/loaf sting a little less :)
5	If you're looking for a great sandwich spot, you have to give this place a try! Not only serving delicious sammies, either by menu or create your own, this place bakes its own bread and treats- and tons of them.They have a bread station with favorites and new items, ready to slice up large samples for guests. Super friendly staff, also.                                                              Super quant, hidden gem off of Horizon Ridge, it's a fav for sure.
3	I always drive by this place and decided to see what it's all about.  I wasn't hungry, so decided to buy a loaf of sourdough bread.  Granted it was a few days before Christmas, so I guess it was busier than usual.  There were less than 10 people when I came in, but I waited about 10 minutes to pay for my bread.  Maybe I was a little impatient, but if I waited any longer I would've walked out of that place.  In my opinion, the workers were really slow.  I've worked in retail and you never want your customers waiting too long to pay, especially if it's bread!  I'm mean, don't they want my money?  On a positive note, the sourdough bread was really good and would probably continue buying my bread there.  Hopefully their cashiers become more efficient.
5	Challah Bread, spinach, pumpkin bread as free samples. Come here now!I have never felt so welcomed walking into a business.  We immediately walked in and started to look at the bread that was on the racks.  There was one cinna-swirl loaf left and we pounced on it.  We also looked at the menu and found out they had Challah Bread, but they didn't have any out.  They just finished making it and brought a loaf up and gave us a taste.  We were cut a huge piece and it was heavenly.  We also were handed spinach and pumpkin bread too.  One of the bakers asked us what we were going to do with the Challah bread, make french toast, or eat it plain.  We said both.  She gave us a choice of the braided bread or the loaf.  The staff was really helpful, the place was clean, and with a check in you get a huge cookie.  I recommend this place.  Places like this are the reason that I enjoy giving out great reviews.  Please check it out and have some yummy bread.
5	Fresh bread, great service, and a free cookie with check in!!!! Do I need to continue?You walk in to really friendly greetings! They had four breads to choose from for samples and you get generous slices with the option of a layer of butter. I chose the pumpkin bread and he got the spinach. We were both hooked! They have different breads baked daily and at 9am they were all just coming out the oven for the day! So their list is posted online and in store so if you want a specific kind of loaf you might want to check. We saw today was challah as it's Friday so that makes sense. They cut a fresh loaf as I had asked about the quality. She then offered it to us in three different ways, rolls, braided loaf or regular loaf depending how we wanted to serve it and for whom. We ended up getting the cinnaswirl, the last from yesterday but the little ones fave as like a big cinnamon roll- it even falls apart like one! Also a braided challah to make into French toast. The place is clean, customer service is top notch and the quality is great. They gave us a punch card too! The free cookie we chose was like a giant lofthouse sugar cookie and it was so good and fresh! Definitely will go back as the sandwiches look and sound great too!
5	The 5 stars is for the service & loaf bread I purchased only. Unfortunately, the sandwich (Turk N' Berry) was just barely ok, skimpy and flat and something I could have put it together in a rush at home. Definitely NOT worth $6.95 at all. I would say SEVERELY overpriced sandwiches for the quality. I honestly didn't know this was a chain, and expected a lot more out of the food here. The girl at the counter and the young man making sandwiches were very friendly and helpful and their attitude was great. I love to come across service people who are doing customer service right, and they really do. They saved this place from being one star. Very pleasant experience. It's a little out of the way, so probably won't be back. Unfortunately not worth the trek.
5	Fantastic little bread shop! My girlfriend and I were given a free sample when I inquired about the cinnamon burst bread (delicious by the way). Originally came in for some quick coffee but will absolutely be coming back for some of that cinnamon burst bread as well as some pumpkin bread!
5	This place is great. My office is located across the street and I eat lunch here on the regular. One of my favorite sandwiches is the Turk n Berry and the the sausage soup is amazing. Every bread I have tried is delicious. From the garlic cheddar to the pumpkin chocolate chip is awesome. They offer free samples of bread for you to try. The staff is friendly and you get your food quick. Great place to eat!
1	Made my sandwich wrong more than 20 times. Always charged me a different price for same sandwich depending upon who was at the register. The owner contacted me and after offering me a miserable $10.00 then decided to reimburse me a different amount ( never mentioned ) in the mail. Had to call her several times to get my check. They also use High Fructose Corn Syrup in their bread recipes. Never received my check. Very sad because we used to love eating breakfast here.
5	This place is one of my favorites! Delicious bread, sandwiches, cookies, you name it. My personal favorites are the challah bread and sugar cookies. So yummy! I love that I get a free slice of bread with every visit and the people behind the counter are always friendly and helpful.
5	My family insists on this bread for sandwiches, toast, etc. at home. The sourdough is delicious toasted, but we also love the Dakota and 9 grain. I love that it is made with whole grains. We love getting sandwiches made at the bakery as well. I prefer the Chicken Berry Pecan, but I also love the grilled cheese with soup. They put a garlic spread on it that puts it over the top.  My two other favorites are the Banana Walnut Bread and the sugar cookies. Oh my goodness, the sugar cookies!  I love them sooo much. The staff is very friendly and willing to help. I've never had a bad experience there. I'll definitely be back.
5	Let's just say I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants at all. However, I don't know how these guys instilled the "can-do" & "love every customer" type attitude in the workers but it feels like the tv show Cheers every time I go in here. The oatmeal choc chip cookies are my weakness and pumpkin anything there is amazing.  Any of my friends reading my reviews, feel free to buy meMy bday presents here. Yum, yum and more yum.
4	It's a little expensive but the sandwiches are healthy and good. The bread is very very good
5	I first found out about this place at the farmers market. It's a carb paradise and everything tastes unbelievable! From the challah to the pumpkin spice bread YUM! They also give you free samples just for stopping in :) I wanted to buy the entire store but I forced myself to pick one loaf this trip! Perfect place for holiday desserts! Enjoy!
4	I was happy this location had warm spinach/ feta bread! Happy santas workshops sh chorus of hellos greeted me the moment I entered! What a difference from the other location!
5	Great service and food. Perfect pastrami and turk n' berry sandwich was delish! Can't go wrong with the red, white, blueberry loaf!
