5	I have used Prolific Business Solutions for over 5 years now and couldn't be happier.  They were among the lowest monthly cost compared to all the other companies I was approached by, which is, of course, super important when opening up your very first business.  When I first started my business in San Francisco, I was approached by several merchant service companies, all of which charged over 1% more than Prolific Payment Solutions.  So PPS was the obvious choice to me.Their customer service is also amazing.  I love that they answered all my questions and made integration super simple.  Prolific Payment Solutions also makes billing simple and very transparent, which is important to me because I've seen other merchant service bills from my friends who own their own business, and they are very difficult to read.  Jonathan Chao was our representative from the beginning, and he has not only been the best representative at Prolific (in my opinion), but also has become a really good friend to me.  I have recommended him to all my family and friends for merchant services. To add to all that, what I like about Jonathan and this company most is that they will revisit your account with you when new rules and regulations have changed to ensure that you are getting the best service for your money.  They don't just sign you on and then never come back.  They constantly check in.
5	Jonathan Chao will work hard to earn your business and take care of you.  I did quite a bit of comparative shopping, and Jonathan and Prolific were the best combination of personal service and price.  He will find a solution to fit your needs, whether high volume or low.  If you are shopping for a merchant processor, he is at the very least worth a call.
1	I am very disappointed on the customer service in general. I had a seasonal business and I made an agreement with them before I gave them my business that they have to put me inactive for a good number of months and will let them know to activate me again. I called to put my account inactive immediately after the season was over. came to find out they were still pulling money from my bank. called again and I was assured they will process my request and refund the money. saw them again pull the money from my bank draft next month. I spoke to the so called supervisor and promised me on the stack of bible to correct the problem and refund me the mounting unnecessary charges. to my dismay after 4 months, I saw my statement got charged again. I was so fed up, and decided to go to my bank instead, paid a fee to initiate a stop payment. I felt that I rather pay a fee one time than have to deal with this ***. by the way, I am writing this not to smear anyone's reputation but to make you aware that a good company can become bad because of the customer service you hire. I know im sure for many you are satisfied. Apparently my experience with them was horrible. by the way, I gave prolific the benefit of the doubt bec they did the same to me last year. now they've done it again. So what does that tell me?
1	Their rep in my city that signed up our two businesses for merchant services changed the paperwork on one of them (on one page) to reflect fees I did not agree to. My signature is not on that fees page.  After repeated attempts to reason with them to no avail I have to say I would strongly recommend any business owner to think twice. Make sure you KEEP everything you sign for years if you choose to do business with them! We signed up with them two years ago. My rep for them at the time switched one page in my contract (which I cannot prove because that one page is not in my copies of the paperwork I kept) and now I'm paying a huge fee that I did not agree to. In the last six months my monthly fees tripled even though my number and dollar amounts of transactions did not change. Go to your bank for a merchant account because most no longer have long term contracts anymore, as it should be. My other business that I signed up on the same day with them contained the correct fee agreement but they cannot understand that we never would have signed our other business under the fee terms they claim that we did. We no longer do business with Prolific Business Solutions and never will again. Their shortsighted view of this situation is both aggravating and surprising.
1	Wow I have now been called a liar from the director of sales ,and a slander by the operations manager . After she Brittany explained she was trying to help me ? Really by telling my I'm a slander WOW. My account manager knows that everything I am saying is true , he is trying to help me they won't do anything . What a great customer service this company has Not. I have been trying to tell this company about the issue I have had for two years and they pretend they don't hear me. They can not get my address correct , after 2 years. I explained I want paper statements and they still can't send one. I was at the hospital with my terminally ill Father as the director of sales was threatening he was going to write a negative review for my business which he has never been to.I thought that Brian cooper had let me out of my contract because of their extreme negligence  , when once again they take out money out my account  that I was not expecting . I have spent so much time dealing with this . I wouldn't recommend this company if they were the only credit card processors left on the planet .
