5	Let me start by saying that this is a 5 STAR REVIEW for a Sports Bar, not to be confused for a 5 star review for Ruth's Chris, or the like.As far as sport's bars go, this is one I'm happy to go to to.  It's really big, with a room filled with pool tables, 4-6top tables where you can sit, eat, visit, and watch some games, and seats around the bar, where you can sit and watch games.All the food is consistently satisfying. The environment is friendly and many of the folks are regulars, who have been seeing each other for years.  Great burgers and steak fries.
5	OMG I wish we had gone here a long time ago.  This is an Italian restaurant/sports bar combo that fires on all cylinders.  Service, menu selection, food quality and quantity...all top notch.The burger sliders were to die for, along with the sweet potato fries.  How many sports bars offer sweet potato fries???  Can't wait to return and try the pizza or calzone....
5	I have been wanting to try this place for a while..always looking for great, non-chain, Italian food close to home. My daughter took me here for a birthday lunch and I was in heaven. The cheese calzone was huge, the sauce was bowl licking delicious! I will definately recommend this place to all my friends, Italian or not.
5	Quality, authentic, Italian cuisine.  Mamma always taught me what good Italian food was from her homemade recipes, and this was instilled and passed along to my wop a$$.I can truly say that I hate places like Olive Garden and such for their American take on Italian cuisine.  They royally eff it up.  This place, however, does not.I remember always thinking this was just some dive bar located next to the grocery store.  I never imagined that food was served, and excellent food at that.  My mom wanted to go here for her birthday, hearing rave reviews, so we decided to pop on in and give it a try.  We have not stopped going ever since.Personal favorites: homemade chicken noodle soup (odd for an Italian place, I know), freshly grated cheese in their shakers (which I eat as an appetizer in itself), and their alfredo sauce, which is NOT to be messed with.  I also have had their stuffed shells, which are to DIE for.  The red sauce is amazing, sweet yet tangy and succulent.  Aside from the excellent food, which is the reason for the 5 star rating, this place is a bar.  They have a few games (pool, darts, etc.) when you first walk in, and a wrap around bar in the back.  Typical drinks and beer are provided, which seem to be reasonably priced.  If you are Italian, and want some home cooked meals like your Momma made, then stop in for a treat.  If  you aren't pleased than perhaps you weren't raised on the same flavor I was.Enjoy!
3	I am not sure if I had heard so much about this place that I expected more, but it sadly did not meet my expectations. This is a great place to watch sports because they have big flat screen TVs lining the bar and the service is good (very quick at getting you another drink). The disappointing part was the food. I may have chosen poorly though, because some of the people next to me had food that looked quite good (well, better than mine). I also ran into some people I knew, so that was a plus. I have definitely had better Italian food in the valley...I would come to this divish bar to watch sports and nibble at something, not for a great Italian meal.
3	I don't get the 5 star reviews.  I'm not a fan.  Went with there a few nights ago and had the ravioli, friends had the chicken fetticine alfredo. It was bland and uninspired.   No zest.On the upside, the football was entertaining - lots of games on, good amount of TVs. The service was on par.   The food was just not great as suggested by others.There are better unassuming Italian eats in the valley.
4	I must emphasize that this is first and foremost a BAR. There are tables as well as the bar area to sit at, but it is a BAR. DO NOT go here thinking it will be sit down Italian restaurant like Aiello's etc. The food was very good. The chicken fettuccine was tasty with the grilled chicken. The rolls? Meh. But then when did you go to a restaurant for the rolls? Unless you are a freak that goes to Olive Garden and eats their swill just to get those damn processed breadsticks.AGAIN, THIS IS A BAR. Don't post a review slamming the decor when you didn't do your research first.
3	Stopped in for a quick beer while we finished watching a baseball game.  Great little dive bar that appeared to have some decent food.  Next time I am in the moon valley area I will have to give the food a try.
3	Nice Place friendly staff!
4	Great Place for drink, sports and pub food!
3	This place is close to home.  Food, prices, and drafts are all average in my opinion.
4	Good average place, dont expect the world and you wont be dissapointed. Its cool though, friendly staff! Above average bar grubbin'...
4	Bar & restaurant.  In that order.Danielle Ammaccapane was an LPGA player, graduated from Thunderbird HS just a few miles away...as did her LPGA-player sister, Dina.  I went to THS and graduated same year as Danielle (1983), just sayin...I love this place.  It's a great "Cheers" style bar, as much as one loathes hearing that type of characterization.  Italian food here is solid, and the cocktails have a punch.  Nice place to watch football at the bar when by oneself, too.
4	I consider this place my local bar. I live down the street in the Moon Valley area and it's always a great late-night choice. The beer selection is nice and the food isn't bad. Their kitchen's selection is not your average bar food. They have full pasta dishes, sandwiches, pizzas and a bunch of other great menu items. They have TVs surrounding the bar with sports on constantly. The service is quick, attentive and pleasant. Look the menu up on their website and call in your order, they'll have it ready. Try the Mexican Pizza.
3	Our local place for years.  Used to be able to work here while drinking and eating. WiFi went away a few weeks ago when they installed some security cams over the bar.   We've reported the problem to the staff, but no correction.  Terrific staff, terrific place, but no attention to modern needs, so not for workers anymore.  Onward to other places nearby.
1	Ammaccapanes very bad customer will keep me from ever stepping foot inside again. I work near buy and myself and coworkers frequent it. Lindsay the bar tender and john the bouncer have alway treated me very well. Oct 6 2013 1030pm I took a friend there for a beer and wings. The male bartender put in my order and brougt me a sm pitcher of kilt. My friend got a blue moon. I was waiting for my wings it wasn't busy as I finished my 1st beer. Second beer down still no wings last half beer started and I asked bartender to cancel wings. If I can't enjoy them with the beer what's the point. He acted as if I was being an a$$. And told me he won't void it cause he will have to pay for it. All with attitude. He checked the ticket time and it was over22 min for Wings wtf. I'm not paying for them I stated. He then explained how his boss the owner makes them pay for all voids and walkouts. This is illegal. The attitude and the owner being a jack hole is why I will never return. I will miss lindsay she was always great. If the male bartenders story was true or not. I paid for the drinks gave the tender some labor advice tipped to cover the wings and left. Sad and unhappy. This place craps on it guests threw the owners bad managing and the male bartender has no clue what customer service is about. Don't waste your time or money here unless lindsay is at the bar. Really.
4	Great neighborhood dive. We come here every other month or so to grab some drinks and grub. The food here is very good with a little more menu than you would expect. Service is always prompt and friendly, lots of tv's for game watching, and nice raised seating down one of the walls that makes you feel as though you got the "good seats". I'm always happy with my experience here and I get to support a local business and family with history in the valley. I can't ask for much more. Will continue to be a patron here.  Great hangout.
3	A Moon Valley staple,  everyone has been here.  Best mixed drinks and they have my favorite beer,  Kiltlifter. Food is not too bad,  especially the crispy chicken fingers.  Yes I know they are frozen,  but they always come out hot amd crispy to go with your beer!
4	I have been back two times since my last review and I had to add some new info. I came for lunch with my family from out of town. I was ready to order when the server told me about the turkey club wrap and how it was a great bang for the buck since it was a lot of food and very good. I ordered this item the last two times I have been and I couldn't be happier. It is always nice to see friendly and helpful staff that are willing to tell you the truth to make sure you have a good experience. Thanks.
1	Bad bad service.  And with attitude. Everytime I give it another try I regret it.
4	The food was great and service was best in North Phx. Nicole was very pleasant and made sure we were taken care of....always a great local spot.
4	This place surprised me. The bar is huge, they have pool tables, and the atmosphere is laid back. Will return.
5	Awesome place!  Ammaccapane's is the Best place for drinks, food and fun with your friends/coworkers!  Thank You Ralphie (the owner)!  Love You.  xxxoooxxx
