4	Nice bright large showcase of jewelry with extremely nice sales staff and a security guard (that's comforting)- I didn't buy here, but my former boss/friend did- it was her favorite place to shop for jewelry. On one occasion, she was looking at rings. Another time, she was looking at bracelets. She bought me a bracelet here, too, but ashamed to say that I lost it (ouch)- if I remember correctly, it was in the $120 range. There is a very large selection here. I don't remember specific prices but I do remember there being different price ranges. And it's nice that one can trade up (being a regular has its benefits). There is another location on the east side, at Sunset & the 95 freeway.
4	Jared's is where I go to find nice jewelry. I've bought several pieces here in the past few years. They have a nice diamond ring selection for those looking for engagement and wedding rings. There are display carrying other gemstones as well. There is also a good number of watches on display.  Some watch brands that they carry include Citizen, Movado, Tag Heur and Rolex.  They also carry some nice watches. There is something for everyone. The staff is wonderful and helpful. They're not too pushy. The warranty that they have on their jewelry is worth it. I've never had a problem getting any repairs or adjustments made. Several times they've fixed jewelry I hadn't purchased there only because I'm a regular customer. If you're looking for something shiny, I'd recommend to stop in and take a look.
1	The staff put scratches on my engagement ring!! They insisted on putting my engagement ring on a ring garter, which scratched up my ring. Also, when they tried to take my ring out of this garter thing, they dropped my ring on the glass table on to the floor. Then laughed about it, as if that was funny... When I told the manager about the scratches he took it to the repairman, who dropped it again on the tile floor... This was a horrifying experience.. This was the first time, and last time I will be shopping at Jared.
5	Love this store!  Selection is excellent.   Staff is very helpful, friendly,  and knowledgeable.  Have bought many items here over the years that I continue to treasure. They will take care of your pieces for you.  Also had some items I bought from a vintage store resized and cleaned.   They can also custom make items for you.  Prefer buying my Pandora items here too because of customer service, the beautiful display, and wide selection.  Also, the watch selection is awesome.
2	I came to exchange a bracelet that I was just not happy with. I got a double loop leather Pandora  bracelet that once the charms on it hangs awkwardly low on my arm while the other loop tightens uncomfortably on the wrist. My exchange was accepted and I just got a single band instead. When it came to an exchange, she said we don't have cash to refund the difference, unless I want to buy something with the difference. I feel it is a cheap sales tactic because there isn't anything here that is under $10. A business shouldn't have no cash/change whether on accident or deliberate. Worse comes to worse when I worked retail, I would go to neighboring stores but every store should go to the bank in the morning to make change and do deposits.  It's not like they are particularly busy here or short staffed that someone can't get change. I did want a certain charm so I decided to just get it now and spend the cash, but it's a little annoying and shady feeling to try to force a sale. She was nice enough, but seemed annoyed at the exchange in the first place. I think I may be heading to a Pandora store instead.
1	This Jewelry store is a joke and I will never be back ever to waste my time again. We went in to look for a white gold ring with three diamonds that represent past, present, future. Or something along the lines of a promise ring basically because my boyfriend is planning on snapping me up for good! :)I explained what I was wanting and the lady shows me rings that are priced at two and three thousand dollars. Once my boyfriend informed of his budget the lady walked us over to another cabinet that had nothing of which I described and said here you go.She kept pushing for my boyfriend to open a store credit and even asked me to do it. I said no this is a gift from him so I have no need or want to open up store credit.Another employee even buzzed into our conversation stressing and pushing for us to open up a store credit "in order for us to get something nice". Wow so the rings less than 2K are not nice? Oh wait there are not any rings less than 2K.Once you inform them of a price point that is not in the thousands then they become uninterested and basically push you out of the door!Snobby sales people are a turn off. Jared you can go screw yourself.Yeah we went to Jared's and hated it!
1	I went to Jared's in Washington while on vacation and the customer service there was amazing! My boyfriend took us to look around and the woman that helped us was so kind and knowledgable of the jewelry. She even only kept the prices from me and only told my boyfriend, which I appreciated cuz what girl wants to hear prices and she was listening to our needs and questions and following through with answers. I went to Jared in las Vegas on Rainbow and the asian woman that was supposed to help us was unwelcoming and impatient with us. Maybe she didn't take us seriously because we look like a young couple but we expected the same exceptional customer service as before and they definitely did not live up to that standard. Getting answers out of her were like pulling teeth. We had to keep digging with questions just to get answers. We'd appreciate a better approach and her asking us questions to meet our needs as clients. From the service we experienced in at Jared on rainbow, the woman doesn't deserve the commission she would receive if we had purchased right then.
1	Sneaky and deceitful sales tactics on Low Quality, Cheap jewelry.We purchased a pair of certified diamond earrings from this Jared's back in January and were told that the diamonds were guaranteed from scratches and falling out FOR LIFE as long as we brought them in every 6 months for inspection. I bring them in for their first 6 month inspection and sure enough, I am told one of the diamonds are loose and since I didn't buy the "mounting warranty" then I would have to pay to have the setting tightened or buy the $90 mounting warranty in order for the "diamond warranty" to be valid?  Um, what??? If the diamonds are guaranteed for life then that is what it means. Not that I have to pay extra if they become loose BECAUSE THEY AREN'T SUPPOSED TO COME LOOSE and that's what your DIAMOND WARRANTY states that it covers diamonds that fall out because of POOR CRAFTSMANSHIP. I'm not going to pay extra to cover your SHITTY ASS jewelry that doesn't even hold up for 6 months. My friend got her engagement ring from Jared's and her diamonds fell out 3 times!! I should have known better than to trust a company with a bad reputation. Just search for reviews online and you will see HUNDREDS of complaints about Jared's and their parent company Sterling Jewelers Inc about the same fraudulent sales practice and cheap jewelery that doesn't hold up.My husband spoke with the GM Tim Miller today who was just as sleazy and slimy as his scumbag sales people. He offered no remedy for his sales people outright lying to us about the fake warranty on their jewelry and claimed that his hands were tied. Worthless company and WORTHLESS jewelry!!!
4	At first, I just chose this place to buy a nice engagement ring simply because of the convenient location to one of our salons. I knew my wife would need to take the ring in for maintenance every so often and I wanted for it to be easy for her since she works such long hours. I was very fortunate to run into a lady named Angie who helped me through the process. One thing I especially liked about Angie is how she is not pushy like a used car-salesman. I told Angie very clearly what my budget was and Angie was acting in my best interest to achieve that goal. I knew this was the case when we found a ring that I really liked but it was a little bit out of my budget. It was Angie that hinted to me a good sale would be going on at the end of the month and that I should return at that time so the ring could be discounted enough to lie within my budget. I worked in sales a long time and this type of practice is usually a bit risky and a no-no as sales people, you might rather be driven to close a sale ASAP. We were talking about quite a bit of money let walk out the door for the chance that I may return. Luckily for Angie and Jared, I was indeed very serious about purchasing a ring for my wife, and after the excellent service I received from Angie, I wasn't having a second thought about returning (perhaps Angie's spider senses were telling her I'd be back...lol)In the end, I returned and purchased the ring I wanted to buy and all was well. I ended up proposing and my sweetheart said yes (thankfully...jk). I'm knocking off a star because of one thing in particular that happened that I wasn't too pleased with. We returned the following week to have the ring re-sized and have the color of two small stones to be changed to fit my wife's preference. According to their manager, the re-sizing would be no problem, but to change the two small stones I was going to have to buy outright the other two stones, keep the two that were undesired, and pay a price to have them replaced. Mind you we had only had the ring a week or so. I explained to them I wasn't interested in paying a couple hundred dollars to have the stones changed after spending several thousands on the ring. It wasn't until I told them to go ahead and return the entire ring (since I was within my 30 days) that they stepped back from sweating me over something out of my control. I did get my wife's ring customized exactly the way she wanted it (albeit after two attempts because of a paperwork mix-up) and now my wife is thoroughly pleased with the ring. One other thing that enticed me to buy the ring was the fact that it came with  lifetime upgrade replacement; meaning if you ever choose to upgrade the ring to something more expensive (which we may want to do someday), I will receive the full value of the current ring I bought and will only need to pay the difference to replace the ring with a shinier one :)I feel my content with Jared stems primarily with the great service Angie provided. I probably wouldn't be sitting here singing the same tune and my rating would have been less had the service only been mediocre and the same manager tried to pull the stunt he tried to pull. I only plan on returning to this location for a purchase if Angie is around, I'm not sure I'd venture out and try anyone else out. If what's working is working, don't try to fix it, right?
1	We had a great experience with the first lady we worked with who had dark long hair. Then she passed us off to a woman with short blonde hair and she was terrible. She was pressuring us into getting our rings. When we told her that we were considering just looking and shopping around she turned around huffing and puffing and proceeded to walk off. Then we were left in the dust and we were no longer being looked after. This is my second bad shopping experience with them. Do not come here!
5	Needed to have a watch band resized and the staff was very helpful and provided excellent customer service.
5	After a bad experience in a San Diego Jared, I wasn't sure if it was worth trying again but this location offers the great service that I was expecting from "The Galleria of Jewelry."  Even dressed in a T shirt and shorts, I was politely greeted at the door and offered a drink.  My salesman was helpful without being pushy and wasn't annoyed when I used an emailed discount offer on a small purchase.
1	Terrible service!!!!! My husband and I came in after he had just bought my wedding band about a week ago. I wanted it resized a size bigger so it would fit with my engagement ring. The woman helping us was extremely rude and told me the rings were the same size. Fine. But what I want is my wedding band a size bigger. I am the paying customer so I should receive what I'm asking for. She brought the ring over to the area where they fix rings and the man working that area was also extremely rude. They had terrible customer service. We will NEVER go back to Jared's! My husband also informed me the same lady brought him rings thousands of dollars over his budget when he was choosing the ring. Shows how extremely selfish these people are.
