5	Where else in Central Illinois would a man with glasses and a bowler hat start rockin' out on the stand-up piano with, what else but, Piano Man!?This is my all-time favorite bar in Chambana! The interior. (I love the dark wood and deep red walls. )The atmosphere. (Your friends are there. They regulars are there.)The beer selection. (Supposedly modeled after the Map Room.)The bartenders are so great. More times than not, I would ask for a Jameson on the rocks and get at least two shots worth for 3 bucks. I really miss this place. So many great memories. If I don't stop here while I'm in town, I feel the trip was worthless.
5	I take it back, Guido's is no longer my favorite bar in Champaign.  With the renovations and the new room full of beautiful gothic wooden booths, read leather couches, totally hot lounge chairs, and, importantly, twice the capacity, Blind Pig is now officially the best place in champaign for graduate students to hang out and bitch about their thesis research.  The beers!  Oh, the beers!    So much Guiness and Stella on Tap!  And the bartenders will be all nice and cool when they serve it to you!Blind Pig has somehow always managed to avoid having huge quantities of skanks and guys in striped, button down shirts, and even the golden oldies that frequent the place have a kind of hippie cool.  I might have even gone to Blind Pig when I lived in Boston.  It's that good.
5	This is the best place to drink beer in the state of Illinois. Prove me wrong!
5	The Blind Pig used to be the name of Cowboy Monkey. Don't assume a thing. The two have hardly anything in common.  Chris Knight, the owner, has nailed the cozy, quaint, dimly lit feeling of the traditional English pub. Probably because he's originally from England. The expansion gives everyone more room to move... cozy is not necessarily a good thing. The reason I keep coming back: Nothing compares to a Duchess de Bourgogne on tap. Mike N Molly's has 'em bottled ... but Chris serves it up just right.
3	This place can be summed up in one word. Overrated.Sure they have a great beer selection, but their staff are pretty pompous for this and the seating is atrocious. Be prepared to fight some hipsters off for 45 minutes before you get a table for 4.There are plenty of better places to go to, so don't go here.
5	One of the best bars in the Land of Lincoln. Very cozy and whatnot, lots of greet beers and knowledgeable bartenders.
5	After seeing that the Blind Pig was the highest rated bar on Yelp in Champaign, I decided to check it out on my recent visit. It was a Monday night, so my expectations were low, but I actually quite enjoyed it. It is a beer bar: so if you go, take advantage of the amazing beer selection. Seriously, I don't recall ever going to a bar with such an impressive selection: probably about 30 beers on tap (and they change every now and then) and maybe 150 bottled beers or so... not bad! They're all also pretty cheap (most of them go for $3.50). I tried a few that I'd never had before: Rogue Hazelnut Brown on tap (a little dark to my taste, with a very unusual taste of... hazelnut), Avery IPA, Goose Island Honker's Ale (from Chicago, not bad at all), and a couple others. The bartenders are pretty nice and they know they sh*t, so you should feel free to ask them for recommendations: they'll even give you samples of some of the beers on tap. They have specials as well ($1 PBR and $2 Jameson on the night that I went...). Pub atmosphere and cool decor, interesting crowd (a mix of rednecks, Indian grad students, tattooed girls, computer nerds with glasses...). Not to be missed if you ever wind up in Champaign and want to go out for a drink. 4-1/2 stars.
4	This is a good bar, it has a nice beer/cider selection (as has been noted) and a good atmosphere, generally. My only issue is that it tends to be absolutely PACKED on the weekends, and it is not a space meant for crowds. There is no place to stand and not be in someone's way, majorly.You will find yourself getting belligerent regardless of the amount you've had to drink after waiting 20 minutes just to close out a tab. Or perhaps if waiting 20 minutes isn't enough of an annoyance, you've also got the skeezy dudes hanging around the bar waiting to hit on poor unsuspecting ladies just trying to order a fucking drink. But I suppose it's a testament to the bar's quality that it has such a problem with crowds and skeezy men. I can't not recommend it, because I've gone there on weekday nights and had a really chill and nice time, but if you go there on a weekend be prepared to be at least mildly pissed off.
5	Amazing beer as noted by all. Award-winning selection and ambiance. Not noted by most: no TV in the place! I absolutely love that there isn't a television drawing everyone's attention.Otherwise, nice staff and dim decor, and a really pleasant Irish music session on Sundays from 5-8 p.m. (Sundays and Mondays also presently feature $1 PBR and $2 Jameson's whiskey). Can't be beat.
4	Being a University of Illinois student, this was a great change from the typical campus bars. We ventured downtown to see what else Champaign had to offer, and I'm really glad we did so. The Blind Pig has a great feel, as well as an excellent selection of beer. Was happy to see some dogfish head on the menu. I went during a weekend in the summer, which was probably less crowded than during the year. I can't wait to go back though, downtown Champaign has thoroughly turned me off  the campus bars (sometimes).
4	$2 Jameson shots.The beer menu is pretty good.
5	The Blind Pig is one of the places I'll miss most now that I no longer live in Champaign. The interior is modeled after old English pubs with mahogany and dark glassed windows, but there are plenty of unique touches. I always was happy with the music here too. I can barely hear myself think in most bars, but at the Pig the music, while good, keeps to its proper place. Sometimes they have live Irish and ragtime-style music. The beer menu is the best in the area, with high quality drafts on tap, as well as a huge stock of bottled beers. The usually have cask conditioned beer too, which is mostly wonderful, if a little strong (the last one I had was something like 11% alcohol).
4	Dark, creepy and inviting, this pseudo-English pub draws a decidedly mixed crowd, and I like it.  Grad students love it, and I'm joining those ranks both in occupation and in love of the BP.  If you're not convinced yet, simply lower yoru standards slightly and discover:$1.75 PBR.  Standards lowered.  Liver anxious.  Teej satisfied.
5	Just adding to the long list of great reviews! I've never been to a place that had so many beers on tap. It was awesome. Plus, it's not that pricey either.
4	Huge beer selection.  I stopped by at about 4pm on a Friday, and it already had a crowd.  Outdoor seating, and lots of seats inside.  I could see if it was crowded, it would be hard to get to the bar.  But maybe they have table service later in the night.  The prices were average.
5	By far the best beer selection in downtown champaign.  Comfy booths, and real, non electric dart boards. They also have free wi fi there, which is a nice touch.
4	Dark and close, this pub makes me feel as if I might turn a corner to find Christopher Marlowe and some theater pals celebrating an opening performance.  I love the darkness and all the wood, the nooks and the large, enclosed booths.  You could plan a Guy Fawkes plot in one of those!Beer selection is very good; there were a few entries on the menu which were new to me.  That hardly happens anymore.  Unfortunately they were out of my preferred choice, but with a selection like this, it's no problem to come up with another.On a Saturday night around 11 pm, the place wasn't crowded, which earns big points in my book.
4	I'll admit that this bar was one of the "pro's" that the boy and I put on our pro/con list for moving from Wisconsin to Urbana-Champaign.  Why?  Not just because of the nice blend of people (and it was *crowded* on a saturday night) and cozy decor.  It has Capital Brewery beers on tap.  Several of them.  Epic win, Blind Pig.  Epic win.We'll see you in January for some Winter Skal.
5	amazingly extensive beer selection, and every time we go there the staff is friendly and helpful. only downside is how crowded it can get, but it just goes to show that i'm not the only one raving about the place. love it! so far, gets my vote for best bar in the area.
3	Brittish pub style, cool place, but like most places in the area, it's always the same faces.  And they're not the prettiest faces.....
5	As I progress into the job market, martinis and wine become the beverage of norm. This doesn't mean i'm giving up my uncanny affinity to draft beer!Ambiance is, of course, the most visible selling point of the pub. Dim lighting, minimal sitting room, and a lot of unfinished and finished wood furniture.All the reviews of pompous or arrogant bartenders were not realized by me or any of my friends. We actually did a spectrum tasting with the bartenders' recommendations, pounding down pints that were strongly hoppy to beers that were flavored with interesting substances (blueberry beer anyone?).Oh, the 75 cent planters peanut packages behind the bar are A MUST. When you're drinking different pints, you want to have something to clear out the taste of the last beer so you can enjoy the next one.The bar was at moderate capacity on a Saturday evening at 1 a.m. when we rolled in; we waited about 5 minutes to get a table for the 6 of us. By the time we left 30 minutes later with 4-5 pints a person, we were starting the beginning of an interesting and sloshed night :)They have an expansive selection of draft and bottled brews, so utilize the bartender's knowledge! They are more than willing to recommend and let you sample some interesting ones. Cost of 6 pints with peanuts? About $34 including tip. Sold!
4	This place has one of the best selections of draft beer that I've ever seen. The atmosphere is great. The music ranges from Fela Kuti (World), to Radiohead (alternative), to Bad Company (rock). Contrary to a previous review, I have never had anything but polite and friendly service from the staff. This is my favorite bar in Champaign. However, this place is inundated with hippies. These are the people who spent a whole lot of time getting ready to go out, just so they look like they didn't spend a lot of time to get ready to go out. If you haven't read the communist manifesto, you'll feel a little out of place... but it's worth it.
5	Best beer selection for the price that I've ever been to. Great rotating selections. Really, the only place I will regularly go out to in Champaign...other than the new BREWERY!!! It does get crowded on the weekends, but the crowd tends to be not-obnoxious, so I don't mind. Really, just go in and try a different beer every time and you'll be happy.
5	In town for a film festival and heard about this place when John Malkovich mentioned being accosted by a drunk girl who had come from here. Sounded like our kind of place. Loved the atmosphere and music. The place has a sort of rustic feel. Lots of wood and dark wood colors. Nice and quiet on a Saturday afternoon. I swear they were playing Tom Waits when we got there, a big plus in my opinion. Cigar friendly, also a plus. Just a very comfortable and casual sort of place. Service was good. My friends wanted shots. Despite being a beer oriented bar, the bar tender was very friendly and able to cook something up for us. Beer selection was excellent, about 15 taps and 60-70 bottles, all of it well chosen. It was a pleasure to try a Great Lakes Blackout Stout on tap. Then a nice Goose Island 1800 Demolition Ale, served with proper glassware.We actually enjoyed it so much, we went back the next day. If we come back for the same festival next year, this will definitely be on the list of places to hit while in town.
5	This is one of my favorite places in C-U. I've been coming here for about 2 years. They have great drink specials, a great beer menu, and it's a very friendly, cozy environment. The seating allows for all kinds of atmospheres... if you feel like observing others you can sit outside, if you're looking for a more intimate setting you can sit in one of their large, somewhat hidden booths, and if you're just wanting to chill with friends, you can enjoy their eclectic seating throughout the bar. The music is nice, and the bartenders are super friendly. The owner is such a sweetheart as well, once you are a regular there he is known to sit at your table and chat, and maybe even buy you a drink! :)
4	I've been here a few times, and I like the vibe its got going on; very English pub with the dark wood, dirty windows, and huge variety of beers (both on tap and bottled).I especially like how they always have unique seasonal beers on tap.  It's interesting to try something different despite being more of a wine drinker.  I'm still working on acquiring the taste for beer.The bartenders have always been good, but short staffed at times as this place gets really busy on the weekends.Oh, and even if you go at a time when the sun is at its brightest and there isn't a cloud in the sky, you're still going to be tripping over chairs as your eyes struggle to adjust to the dim interior.Most nights, there will be live music, and even if there isn't, the Blind Pig is just a good place to come and chill out.  The crowd tends to be a bit older, which (thankfully) means there isn't dance music being blasted in your ears, or drunk frat boys tripping around, spilling their beers on you.
5	This place is a real gem. They have a ton of excellent obscure beers, and most of them are very reasonably priced. They have as good a beer selection as I have seen anywhere.If that weren't enough to impress you, they also seem to have very knowledgeable and friendly bartenders as well. It seems like every time I ask them a question or need a recommendation, they always have an answer or suggestion. If you like TV's in your bar, this is not your place. There are none. But if you are interested in conversing like a human being with whomever you are with, this is your place. If you like the spic and span vibe of a Buffalo Wild Wings, this is not your place. There is no food and in fact the place is kinda dirty if you actually look around. There are even playing cards stuck to the ceiling, next to the cobwebs and caked on dust. Who knows how they got up there, or what is even holding them up (gum)?All in all, every single time I am in town I want to stop at this place. There are other good places nearby (Seven Saints, Esquire Lounge), but this place really stands out as the best in the area.
5	This is a great place to go for a beer for beer connoisseurs.  Like the Piglet, this place has a great selection of brews.  I love coming here at the beginning and end of school for the outdoor seating.  There is a reason that this place is one of the top 50 bars to have a beer in.  You have to experience it yourself.  A review can only do so much.  Gonna miss this place when I graduate.
4	I went on a snowy Monday night, and the atmosphere is a typical bar atmosphere. It was quiet and laid-bad, with mainly locals hanging around, live piano music. One guy works on his laptop at a table while nursing his beer.This is officially my favorite bar in Champaign now (though I can't say I've visited many bars recently). The list of beers on tap is amazing. They have beers from California, Colorado, Canada, llinois, Wisconsin, all draught. I recommend the $8 sampler if you don't know what to order.By the way, what is it about blindness and beer? Blind Pig Company in Champaign and Blind Lady Ale House in San Diego are both excellent beer bars.Blind Pig Company, unless I am blind, I will see you again next time I visit CU.
5	Blind Pig Co. (not to be confused with the Brewery, also in downtown Champaign, which just opened recently) is a full-service bar in downtown Champaign. The Blind Pig (as I will refer to it for the rest of this entry) differentiates itself from other local bars by offering a HUGE selection of microbrews on tap (well over 20 at any one time) , as well as a large selection of beer by the bottle. This huge selection is one of the reasons this is my favorite bar in Champaign, as well as the fact that you can get a five beer sampler (of any draft beer) for just $8.The Blind Pig changes its menu weekly, with different beers entering and leaving each time. Another thing I like about the Pig is the fact that it is one of the few places I know of where you can get beer in a cask, which is just for unfiltered beer, and lets the beer continue to age and ferment while it is being stored. Considering the rarity of cask beer, at least in my experience, this alone is a good enough reason to stop by the Bling Pig. There is a different Cask every week.The Blind Pig also has special events at different times, depending on when the event takes place. These events usually involve some sort of drink special or giveaways. As an example, I attended the Blind Pig's 5th anniversary party just a few weeks ago. A representative from Rogue Ales, one of the first microbreweries in America, was present, and giving away t-shirts. I was lucky enough to get one when I got a Rogue Old Crustacean Barleywine (which was delicious). In addition, there was a selection of 6 Rogue drafts and a Rogue cask, with all pints being $5 each (a rather good deal for Rogue at the Blind Pig).The Pig tends to draw an older, off-campus crowd. As such, it is usually less crowded and rowdy than on-campus bars, though it gets busier on weekends. One of the reasons I like to go to the Blind Pig is that it offers a different kind of atmosphere that one cannot find in other bars (especially those on campus), as well as the superior beer selection.
4	One of, if not THE best, spots in town to get your socializin' and drink on.  The bar has a pub feel- lots of warm looking wood, none too clean but in a good not squicky way, odd mementos stashed and stuck all over.It is not a dancing or sports bar.  It is a solid spot to enjoy their freakin' amazing selection of brews and actually conversate with the person/s you are hanging with.Amazing brew selection.  I know, said it already, but serrriously.  They have Rouge Ale Double Dead Guy.  Beer with 10%+ AC?  I am so there.You can try brew from all over the place- stateside and beyond.  Sampler flights are a great deal and good way to try your options.They have liquor but I'm fairly certain it's not a wine drinkers type o' place.  (I love wine, but not the atmo at wine 'bars'.)Get on the email list if you live in the area- best way to keep up on special stuff, great deals, and ever changing selection of beer.
5	Wide variety of beers...I'm a fan.
5	This place has a great beer selection!  So far, the best I've seen in the C-U area and ranks up there with the Hopleaf and Long Room in Chicago. I'm not sure about the mixed drinks and wine because in my opinion the whole reason to come here is for the beer selection.   I love the ambience. Dark and woodsy, its super cozy  and great for conversations since there aren't any televisions or obnoxious music playing. There is also a refreshing lack of drunk frat boys and sorority girls which is what you'll find in the campus part of town.    They change their menu on a regular basis which is both a good and bad thing. Sometimes I'll get attached to something only to have it be gone the next time I come in... BUT there's always something new to try.I would recommend this place for pretty much any drinking occassion... date night, girl's night out, try a new beer night, etc.
4	Best beer selection in Champaign. Cool atmosphere too.
5	I truly enjoyed my time here.  The beer on tap was excellent and the bartenders were some of the kindest folks I've met.  They discussed all the different beers and even talked movies with me.  I truly enjoyed my time there and loved their beer selection.  The crowd there was pretty "hipster" and the bar itself looked like a good old fashion pub.  I loved it!  It's the best selection of drought beer I've seen in Illinois and they give you samples and will also do a "flight" for you.If you're a beer snob, this place is great.  If you like to go out on the town, they've also got $1.50 PBRs and other less expensive beers.  It's a great place!
5	Wow. This place is for beer lovers. They have a great selection on tap (about 25 beers) and a ton more bottled. It has a great atmosphere that is truly unmatched. It will be very busy on the weekends after 9. So, if you want to beat the rush, go before then. This is a great place to sit down and have some great conversation with a stranger at the bar or your best friend at one of the phenomenal booths.
5	This is hands down one of my favorite bars in Champaign. The beer is great, the bar is chill and quaint, and there's always a good crowd there. I'll be coming back often.
4	Great bar located in downtown Champaign. It's a really classy and old fashioned style pub. The lighting is a little bit dark for my tastes -- but who cares as long as you're in good company and the tap is a-flowin'. My friends and I usually grab a booth and talk, seriously the place is super laid back and the music is at an appropriate level for a pretty chill place like this. Their beer selection is vast and the staff is super friendly.
5	If you like beer, this is the pub to go to. No impurities like food, tobacco, just good beer in a nice setting! I like the tap selection. Of course, they have a full bar if you are not in a beer mood.
5	One of the very best bars in Champaign. The Blind Pig has a superlative selection of beers as well as a full liquor line up. Beer geeks come from hundreds of miles away to drink here. They have paper menus of their approximately 24 beers on tap, but be warned, they are always changing these up, so check the big white board at the back of the bar for the latest line up. If you have never had one, a cask-conditioned ale is good to try. If you don't like it, I will take the remainder off your hands. They also have lots and lots and lots of bottled beers, but they turn these over fast. I have never had a skunked beer here, even when ordering really obscure bottles that would gather dust at any other place.The bar staff are well trained and know their shit. The only complaints I have is that they can seem snotty when a customer mispronounces a foreign-sounding beer. Not a big deal to me, because if I was on the other side of the bar and somebody asked for a Stella Artoys, I'd have a little fun at their expense, too. The decor and crowd are extremely casual. Unfinished wood and unshaven granola. Performance fleece is the new cashmere. Chacos and Tevas, not Manolos or Jimmy Choos. This is very much a grad student/young professional bar. Undergrads should go across the way to the Piglet or better yet, stay on campus. The prices are a little higher than you may be used to for swill (and I have absolutely nothing against cheap beer) but the prices are absolutely fair for what they serve.
4	I don't know if it's fair for me to say that I enjoy The Blind Pig since I rarely drink. I do, however, enjoy The Blind Pig's ambiance that reminds me of an old English pub. I also enjoy its predominantly graduate student clientele, so the atmosphere is more mellow. Cheers!
5	Great beer. Great people.
5	When I came here, I knew it would be hard to go to any other bar on campus again. Their beer selection is impressive to say the least. The range and caliber of the drink selection is great. I came here on a number of happy hours to meet with colleagues and friends and it has always been a pleasant experience. One criticism (for myself or the owners) is that it is sometimes annoying that there are two Blind Pigs (the original and the brewery; one on walnut and the other on Neil) because oftentimes we get confused which one we are going to. If you are looking to get some food, I am afraid you are out of luck because they only have drinks. On many occasions I went to the sandwich/bread shop to get appetizers and/or a meal and there were no objections. I call it: BYOF. Definitely the best place to go for a drink for those who love and appreciate good brews.
4	A great place to enjoy a drink, and an incredible beer selection. I would recommend a Delirium Tremens or the Bells Hopslam. They have a huge selection of beer on tap, as well as bottled beer. The bartenders there are really nice, personable and knowledgeable. This is the bar I went to at midnight on my 21st, and the bartender was super nice and poured my whiskey extra strong because it was my birthday.The atmosphere is really cool, lots of exposed wood, and glass top tables with random bits of memorabilia underneath. The lighting is what it should be for a pub and the overall vibe is very chill. The one complaint I have is that their clientele is sometimes a little snobby and high-strung. A lot of grad students hang out here and think of it as their bar, so they get a little uppity when undergrads show up. But if you can ignore the snobs, it's a great place to sit and have a drink with some friends in a relaxing and chill atmosphere.
4	This place is tits if you want a change of atmosphere from campus bars. Its pretty laid back and the service is fine, but sometimes, like with any trendy bar that the hipsters claim as their own, it can be filled with douches. It also gets pretty busy, so if you want a table get there early. It's nice when its warm to utilize the outside seating since it's in dowtown Champaign it gives you the feel of not being in a bum-"explicit word" town. Also $1 PBR mondays make it all worth it.
5	Ahh the Pig. Best place to come to people watch, if you are into watching self important grad students discuss all things grad student-y.More importantly, it's (one of) the best places to come to drink BEER. Now, don't come and whine to your boyfriend (or girlfriend) you want to sip pink martinis or fancy wine (which I've witnessed) or Miller Lite. You can get a version of those here, but come on. Drink the beer. I recommend Duchesse de Bourgogne (if you like sour fruity beer). Big selection of beer. Can get REALLY crowded on weekends (to the point of annoyingness).
4	Easily the best bar in town in terms of beer selection and prices. Atmosphere isn't quite as festive as other places, so not really a party bar, but if you're just looking good drinks, this is your place.
5	I don't usually review bars at all because I feel like the products (booze) they sell are the same,But here I am on yelp because I really liked this place.The ambient was very cozy. They had a big selection of beers on tap, and they really aren't overpriced or anything. $1.75 PBR to satisfy poor college students and lots of decently priced premium beers.The crowd is more mature (compared to campus town) but not boring. Overall, it's a really laid back place to hang out and try new beers and catch up with friends. It was a great escape from college bars.
3	I was really excited when I heard about the Pig; I thought it'd be a cool, laid back place to hang out on a weekend and try good beers.  Unfortunately, it's been way too popular and crowded on the weekends I've been (which I'm guessing is pretty typical for it).  The place is really loud (hard to have conversations loud), it's pretty much standing room only (good luck finding a table to even stand around), and it takes forever to order drinks at the bar.  All this stuff adds up to a not so great place at which to enjoy a beer.  However, I will say they do have a great beer selection, and they even tend to serve it in appropriate glasses.  So, maybe I need to go out and try it on a week night, and I'd like it better.  But, since I usually drink on weekends, the Pig is only going to get 3 stars from me.
5	Simply my favorite bar in the world.  Been to 15 countries, from dives to upscale, and nothing beats the Pig.  It just has the perfect mix down pat.  No TVs, live pianist sometimes, low lighting, relaxing when it needs to be and fun when it needs to be.Completely diverse crowd.  Ridiculously so.  Come in cutoffs or a suit, somehow either one would work fine?Monstrous and carefully-curated beer list, almost always including a cask ale.  And a healthy selection of spirits as well.The staff is going to be friendly but not in your face.  And I challenge you to find better prices at any bar for these beers.
1	Everybody loves the pig...except me. I know they have a grrrrreat beer selection, but that doesn't mean that I want to drink said delicious beer in some dark, dank hole. (not your charming hole in the wall hole...more like a dungeon. And though apparently they don't have live music regularly, two of the three times I've been in, there has been this creepy two-man band that the singer is awful and looks like hairy, caveman Jesus and they came around to our table creepily insisting on us giving "donations" even though we just got there and seriously wouldn't go away.  Super loud too, unless you're in one of the cavelike booths.
4	Good beer selection, friendly staff, chill atmosphere. One of the first bars in Champaign to offer a good selection of craft beer -- Glad to see some others follow suit.
5	Dollar PBR on monday nights and always have a good selection of beers on tap. The staff is always friendly, and if you got the munchies they offer english candy bar you can only get there. Cheers!!
5	My favorite of the bars in downtown Champaign. I love coming here and trying one of the specialty beers that they have on tap (different all the time). Sitting outside when the weather's nice will be one of my favorite memories of my college years.
5	I continue to be impressed by the number of unique establishments in Champaign.  The bartender was incredibly helpful and friendly, and their beer list is out of this world.  Great atmosphere, including the cave-like booths.  Will definitely come back.
5	My experience with this establishment is rather limited as I've only been here once for about 45 minutes, but I have to say, the bartenders know their stuff, the on-tap selection is enormous, and prices are more than fair. And as others have stated, the crowd is mixed, though leaning more towards the college student side, but I saw many people 35+ in here enjoying themselves as well. The atmosphere is really rather laid-back/casual, even when it was pretty busy this past weekend (and presumably most others), which is exactly the type of bar I like. The amount of beer to choose from is almost too much, but it makes it that much easier to try some brews you've never had before. I know I did. It's my understanding that this (and the actual brewery a block away) are something of C-U staples, and it's easy to see why. The next time I'm near this area, you can bet your ass I'll be back in.
5	Fucking awesome, no other words are needed.Tell the bartenders what you like, and without being douche bags about it they will find you a fancy lager or perhaps a pale ale to your liking. My favorite spot in Champaign.
3	Trendy ass crowd where 30-year olds, hipsters, and bachelor parties are thrown. That said, great selection of beer. There are two locations, but I heard the #1 is the better of the two. Not much seating, so get there early to post up. Change of pace than campus bars.
5	I miss the Blind Pig. This is my favorite place to have a Brew in Champaign. It has been voted top 50 places  to have a beer in the U.S by Beer Advocate.  If you are a beer lover - this is the place for you.  Blind Pig has great bartenders and an awesome selection of beers. It usually has 28 beers on tap and they are really good about rotating in new Beers.  If they do not have it on tap, they most likely have in a bottle.  The prices vary depending on what you want to sip on but pints are usually $4.00 - 6.00 bucks. I like the fact that when its not that busy the bartenders use appropriate glassware (Pint, tulip, chalice, snifter, handle glass stein). The tables are great if you get there early. After 10:00 pm the place usually gets really busy and its becomes a challenge to get a beer. All in all - this is probably the best thing Champaign County has to offer.
4	Fun place. Lots of cool beers on tap.
4	there is totally a patchouli stink in the air as the champaign-urbana hipsters sample beers of the world.... that being said, it's not terrible.  the bar itself is inviting, and there are a lot of different beers to enjoy at a incredibly fair price.  the bartenders do know their stuff, too.  if you have questions or need a beer suggestion, they can usually steer you in the right direction.  while you will have to passively listen to conversations about which bands aren't awesome anymore because they are being played on main stream radio, it is not terribly loud, and you can easily have a conversation with your party.  i don't mind going here.  it's not my first choice, but it wouldn't be my last.
5	I don't know what to say here that hasn't already been said.  I enjoy going here with just my boyfriend or a group, normally for relaxing, evening drinking.  I've occasionally used it as a place to study or play board games in the afternoon.  It's not really a "PARTAYYYY!" kind of bar, but it occasionally sees some people looking to turn it into one.During the weekends, especially during the summer, it usually gets hella crowded late at night, and it's difficult to find a seat, especially if you're a group of more than four.They always have several excellent beers on tap, and seem to do a good job of keeping the ones around that people actually like.  And the list of beers on tap is so long that you'll find something that sounds good, whether your taste be for the extra-bitter IPA or the super-chocolatey stout.  You can also get sampler flights if you're not sure what the hell a "Hefeweizen" is.There is occasionally live music, and there is always darts.
4	Great interior... A beer lovers dream!
5	Now THIS is a Tavern, unlike that misnomered Big Grove down the street.  Or maybe at the cross-section of Tavern and Pub.The atmosphere is a step or three above the norm for C-U pubs, so I was pleasantly surprised... likewise for their beer list.  If only I could find a place more like this where I live, darnit.
5	This is to be one of my favorite taverns I've ever been to. Im currently living in San Diego but I really love the dim lighting, the mature vibe and the great beer selections. I've been going to this bar for a long time and I've come to miss this place. Jason is one of the best bartenders and people around. As well as the owner. I cant wait to come visit again and enjoy a refreshing glass of 1 dollar PBR's on monday.
4	A great place to try some beers in Champaign. The atmosphere is great. It has a unique old wood and barn look to it. The selection is always rotating.  Plenty of tap room and a cask.  Can't beat that.  Two Brothers, Smuttynose, Goose Island, Founders, Bells, etc.  They do flights as well.  It gets crowded, and service is knowledgeable though slow at times.  I really like this place when I come home to visit the family, but the Piglet is my favorite.
4	Prices are very fair. The bartenders are laid back but know their stuff. This is where we usually start our nights when we go out or this is where we go when we just want to kick back and have a couple beers. Awesome selection and it's got that lived-in pub feeling that everyone can't help but love
4	Largest selection of draft beer in Champaign. The interior is dark and cozy with lots of wood trim and furniture. The Sunday/Monday specials are great. The late-night crowd can get pretty rowdy after 8 or 9 which isn't my style, but early evenings on weekdays are great for a quiet drink with friends and laid-back bartenders.
5	So authentic. You must stop if you are in the Champaign area. We tried the sampler bc we were driving back to Chicago. Blueberry Cider, Octoberfest, It was delicious. Bartender gave us some great recommendations for food in the general vicinity.
5	Too bad  I'm not a huge fan of beers but when I step my foot into this place, I know it's on. My friend recommended this place and I was bored on that day so to the hell with it I'll just drive here and enjoy the night. Got the eight beers (of course I'm not alone) taste all kinds of ale and boy this place made my smile goes wider. If I have any chance to go to Champaign, I will visit this place again no matter how long I'll have to drive!
5	Moved away from Champaign and still never found a replacement for The Blind Pig. Simple: dark wood and tables, great craft beer tap list. That's it. Great place for corner conversation over a beer.
5	Nice bar.  Dark wood lined with a great beer selection.  Focus is on the beer.  i don't even recall if there was a tv.  i don't think they have food but you can order food to be delivered to the bar.
5	I'm going to keep this simple because blind pig is an epic pub...If you like craft beers, this is the place to be. $5~ a beer + dart board.
5	Who gives the blind pig less than 5 stars?
5	For Champaign, this is as good as it gets. Not filled with young campus bros (a definite bonus), a fantastic selection of beers (obviously the main draw), dart boards, live music (there was a Celtic band playing the night I was there) and if you're drinking on the cheap it is mission accomplished here. I drank $1 PBRs and shots of Jack. My tab plus tips was no more than $20 and I was never empty handed in the three hours I spent there. They also have $2 Jameson Powers - basically strong as hell Jameson on the rocks. YIKES! But also tasty. Lots of fun, a good mix of people, a great list of beers and my favorite part of this place are the coveted, more intimate booths. If you're lucky enough to score one you will enjoy it, for sure!
4	I hate going to the campus bars. They smell nasty and everyones pretending to be crazy. Blind pig is my favorite. Good beer and nice decor.
2	The bartender was unfriendly and the beer selection wasn't as amazing as I'd expected from one of the top 50 places to have beer in the U.S.  They may have the largest selection of beers in Champaign, but that isn't saying much. It was really dark inside, but they had really cute, intimate seating.  Beer prices were excellent, but I'm used to Chicago pricing.  Bottom line: Skip this and head to Tribe's Ale House WAY north in Mokena, IL.
3	An incredible beer list with overwhelmed bar staff.  Know what you want and don't plan on making "beer talk" with them, as they obviously seem to know more than you.That said, note this is a beer enthusiasts place to drink.
4	Not a fan of the seasonal pale ale here, a bit too bitter at the end with a weird floral note. However, their stouts are pretty amazing and chocolate-y. This is definitely a place to go with your close friends and family. The place is dark and kind of broody...like a place you picture your sophisticated grad TA to hang out on the weekends. I wouldn't say dress up as dress down. No "going out" shoes or anything, aim for classy oxfords. This is a place where you just go for conversation and a drink. Simple and sweet as that.
5	This place is legendary. As a U of I alum, I started frequenting this place during my senior year when I became sick and tired of the scene at the campus bars. 21+ has its benefits.The Blind Pig has that really chill vibe, great craft brews, and a mature, yet enthusiastic crowd of beer drinkers.I still live in the midwest and frequent many smaller bars throughout the region, but The Blind Pig is still one of my favorite gems in Illinois.A fantastic place to get completely inebriated, whenever I return to Champaign, I always stop here.
5	Outstanding beer selection at very reasonable prices.That's the bottom line. They brew their own beer as well which ranges from delicious to somewhat strange (the chili beer was great but strange and after more than maybe 6 oz burned like all hell). Great atmosphere and I always loved going to Blind Pig to avoid the mess of going out on Green Street. 21+ truly does have its benefits. Great atmosphere, great vibe. Dart boards in the back, bartenders who know and truly care about their beers and plenty of space. The back room is surprisingly large.My favorite nights were Black Dog for dinner, then driving across town to Blind Pig. That's the best it'll ever be.
5	If you want to try out a new beer, you should come here and check out the selection. There were so many beers on the list that I had never heard of but was very excited to try.  The atmosphere was great too. Yes, it was a little busy, but on a Friday night I expected that.  It still wasn't too crowded and I didn't have to wait too long to order drinks.Outside has a nice patio area with chairs and I enjoyed sitting out there as well. I would love to go back and try out more brews.
4	This place has a great beer selection and affordable if you ask me.There are two blind pig in Downtown Champaign, very close to each other. One of them have a outdoor space that is really good during Summer.The bartenders are nice and very friendly.The only downside is that they do not have food, but on the plus they allow you to bring food from other places.
4	This is a quintessential collegiate grad bar. I imagine lots of philosophical exchanges have been made here. Great beer selection offset by a dark wood setting, perfect movie scene. There's some pretty ecletic chinoiserie-esque booths. Coming from Chicago, seeing microbrews for half the price you get in the city is a wonderful perk. Good place to stop and have a drink.
2	Blech. Go to the Piglet instead. The bigger Blind Pig location is crowded, dark and full of hipsters. The beer selection is okay, but not great, and if you prefer spirits (I'm a bourbon drinker) go to Seven Saints or Boltini. Hell, the cider selection is even weak- they have like two or three bottles and occasionally one draft.
3	Like the concept a lot.  They have a great beer selection.  Comparable prices and knowledgeable staff. Everyone is talking it up but I'm not terribly impressed. Something about the customers that bothered me... Nothing that can be done about that, though. I was shocked to find out that it had been open only 9 years or so.  Seems as if the filth has been building for 50.not my favorite, but a good bar
3	I judge a bar by the environment and every time I come here, I want to leave pretty quickly. I always feel like I walked in a party that I really wasn't invited to. Maybe I just haven't given it a good shot but I'm not a fan. They do have a great beer selection but I feel like in downtown Champaign, that isn't enough to keep people there. You can get a great selection at other bars with a better/cleaner environment.
3	Maybe my pallet has developed over the years but I feel like the selection here used to be a lot better. Also, as this place has gotten more popular over the years, the crowd has increased in the percentage of bros. I've heard of fights breaking out on the weekends!
5	Ah yes, one of my favorite haunts. Great little place, great beer, no frills. One thing that annoys me doesn't have to do with the establishment, it has to do with the patrons. Look dudes, if you want to do Jager bombs, go somewhere else please? If you are bringing your gal here, teach her how to drink beer. I don't want you tying up the bartender so he can make your date a sex on the beach, go to campus for that crap. This place is about good beer, and it has that in spades.
4	They have craft cider on tap! Along with many other unique and hard to find beers.
4	Mellow place with friendly staff. Came here on an early Saturday afternoon place was not very busy which was nice because we could converse with the bartender and determine what we wanted to drink with no hustle and bustle. No tv's which I don't mind just causes you to actually talk to the people you are with which is nice for a change. In addition there are no food options here but numerous food options in the immediate area.
2	I can't say I enjoyed this place. Of course I visited Tryptch Brewing in Savoy first, so maybe they set too high of standards. We visited on a warm evening. Doors were wide open. Only 2 people sitting at the bar and a couple people sitting outside. I thought the place felt muggy and smelled bad. It could have been the patrons? I hate to judge a place on the smell. We got our beers and sat outside which was very nice. Only had one drink and then left. Atmosphere was lacking aside from the outdoor seating. Bartender wasn't the nicest. Don't care to come back here again.
5	Great place, awesome selection, cool bartenders...what else could you ask for? Outdoor seating? YES! I cannot wait to go back to this place. Love the atmosphere as well. * Plus: bartenders were so nice that whenever I had questions about a certain beer they just gave me a little sample so I could decide myself if I liked it or not!
3	going here during the day - lovely, nice beer selectionchairs outside are perfect for relaxing in the summertime.going at night - something has changed in the crowd and there is almost a trailer trash brawl every f**king night. and if not its people screaming over each other about some stupid stuff.i liked this bar before because there were no TVs and it has a nice vibe to it.but i dont know who let the dogs out because i cant go there without there being trailer drama and it's really sad.overall- dont go on a weekend or evening, just stick to daytime just-clocked-out beers.i'll post another review if this changes.
5	The Blind Pig on Walnut is awesome, aka the Big Pig.  Very nice inside, good atmosphere.  The beer selection is very contemporary,  unlike the Little Pig.
5	By far the best pub I've been to in the US. You have to be in the pig to really feel it. Have a great beer selection. Such a laid back atmosphere.
5	Delightful. Comfortable. Well-decorated. Their mixed drinks are shitastic but it's a beer place, no more. No more except the warm atmosphere, the not-too-loud buzz of friends and colleagues, and a very interesting beer menu.
2	I think I've finally had it with The Blind Pig.  I've been there at least a dozen times over the past couple of years and I'm usually a little dissapointed.   The service is lousy, the bar is way too dark, and the decor feels like a 90s coffee shop to me.   There are bad acoustics and a bunch of awkwardly placed beams that make it difficult for large groups to congregate.  Plus, I always feel like I'm going to get hit by someone playing darts when I walk to the bathroom.
5	Lovely little pub-style establishment, plenty of space, extensive beer list. Definitely one of the finest places to get together with friends in town. Looking forward to my next visit!
5	Best bar in Champaign. By far. If you like BEER, friendly staff, and a great atmosphere, check it out. No food, but who needs food when you have so many great new beers on tap?
4	Very nice staff, great selection!! I love the framboise. The smaller of the two is a bit cramped for me, and they could be a bit cleaner but that's practically every bar in existence. Really great specials. The clientele is so-so.
