1	I reviewed this place once before and now editing it! I thought it was great! However, my husband and I went here for dinner tonight and only one word describes it.. Awful!! I had the shredded beef tacos. No flavor, very dry and tasted old. My husband had a chicken burrito and had two bites and couldn't eat it. He said the same thing, tasted old. My friends have gone there and said it was awful and I always defended Senor Taco and said maybe it was just an off day there. Well, now I have to agree. What really sucks is that I follow a low carb diet and have a cheat day every couple of week and I ruined my cheat meal here! I don't think that I will be back.
4	This could be my one and only review for a west side biz. Nothing against you Westsiders but I rarely venture past Central Ave. So I found myself working out here in the area and took a gamble, without even using Yelp walked in for some lunch. I mean, it's Mexican, how bad can it be. I guess the best way to describe this is it's similar to a Baja Fresh. They have a fresh salsa bar which was amazing!! You can get your burrito "wet" (my favorite). I ended up getting their enchilada plate. They have it on special right now, $4.99 for their combo plate. The ingredients tasted fresh as far as I could tell. The rice was fully and tasted good. It's your typical fast casual Mexican joint, and judging by all the chain stores/restaurants in the area, this place is a good bet you'll get a good meal. Oh, gotta give props to our cashier guy, we told him it was our first time and he hooked it up with 2 free drinks. He was pretty helpful in helping us order since they had so many good looking things on the menu. One last note, Surf and Turf Burrito is pretty good apparently. Protip: Want to feel a little less guilty about that burrito your ordering, for .25 cents more, get a whole wheat tortilla.
5	Am addicted to the shrimp burrito.  Just addicted. Thank you Senor Taco.
5	Delicious fresh Mexican food, kind of like Rubio's but not as generic. It was very clean, and had a nice casual atmosphere. I will be back!
5	This is place is awesome.So they revamped this place this past year and definitely for the better. So i got a taco, 3 rolled tacos w/ guacamole, and a tostado for 5 bucks! 10% discount to midwestern students. Everything was delicious! (but maybe not the healthiest). Also a bag to tortilla chips alittle over a dollar for a huge bag.Only problem is that this place isnt open 24 hours.
3	I am rating Senor Taco based on 2 items: California burrito + chicken/steak fajitas.  I love the fact that they offer these two items and it's a great escape for me when I am craving them (which happens quite often).  However, lately I feel that their food has become overly greasy...which leaves a funny taste in the mouth that overpowers everything else.  Good portion sizes though and a decent salsa bar.  ~3 stars for now.
4	mmm, this is chain mexican food that I will eat when I am sober...  That is saying enough if you ask me!ok ok ok, Senor Taco is muy delicioso.  It is real similar to say a Filiberto's but super clean and efficient.  Similar salsa bar setup with the weird jalapeno and carrot mixture that when you ask what it is called they tell you, "Jalapenos and Carrots?"Carne Asada is the bomb and I enjoy their California burrito.  Think all the unhealthy things you can put in a burrito... Sour cream, guacamole, potatoes, beans... yum.  Biggest downfall is the measly six chips they give you with your meal.  I am sure you could probably get some more if you wanted them though since they are always super nice.The salsa are aight.Oh an the 10% student discount they give me when I wear my nerdy name badge... ohhh yeah.Go there and enjoy some chain mexican food.You know you want to!
3	When I first tried this place I probably would have given it a five star review. But I have been there several times since and now I'm a little less woohoo about this place. I love their quesadillas, they are huge and really fried :) I always have issues with the meat there. It's really grizzly. The last time I was there I took my grandparents and parents there. I got the hashbrown burrito, which is typically delicious. This time, I'm not sure what meat substance was in my burrito but it way way too chewy to be bacon. The staff was also cranky to my grandparents because they were confused at ordering. BUT the green salsa is super yummy!
5	Awesome fish tacos! Love this place, always clean and friendly!
5	went for a breakfast burrito. IT was awesome.  I will defintely go back for more.
4	This place is so good. In fact it the only Mexican restaurant I've truly enjoyed since moving to Arizona a few months ago. I've had their taco combination plate, rolled tacos, quesadilla, carne asada burrito, & California burrito (one of the best burritos I've ever eaten, period). Everything was good, tasted fresh, authentic, and fulfilled my craving for tasty Mexican food. This is the best Mexican food joint in the area, hands down.
4	Carne Asada French Fries, holy crap what an invention. Need more stores is my only advice!!
4	Carne asada fries is so good!  Topped with guacamole, salsa, sour cream and cheese!  Still on the greasy side though...
4	So I used to come here back in the days of this place's previous incarnations - both Luna Pizza and Dos Amigos Fresh Mex Grill. Both of those places served alcohol. This place is a fast food chain so none of that here. Too bad. I've eaten here a couple of times and did take out a number of times. I've actually never seen this place crowded. Then again, I don't drop in at primetime. Hands down the best thing here IMHO is their Diablo Shrimp Burrito. They make it with their signature Diablo Sauce and that actually has some kick to it. Usually when some place claims a dish is "spicy" I take it with a grain of salt - or actually with a couple of spoonfuls of added hot sauce. The Diablo Shrimp burrito, however, actually IS spicy and not just "gringo spicy." So beware in case you're one of those people that thinks those spicy Taco Bell packets are actually spicy.
5	Consistently wonderful food!  Our favorite Mexican food anywhere and we have been all over the world.  Our kids come back to see us and Sr. Tacos is the first place they go.  Then they continue to talk about how they can hardly wait to come back.  Top your meal off with Churros.  OMG delicious.  There is nothing bad on the menu.  Authentic food, very clean and lovely staff always.  Love it.
1	Two words, "stomach ache." No bueno. I had the worst stomach ache after eating a half order of carne asada fries. It totally sucked that they already had the carne asada cooked. I saw the cook spoon out a carne asada in a metal container. If it was freshly cooked right in place of the order, the quality would be way ~ better. I was pretty disappointed. The salsa bar was pretty unfortunate. I didn't like the salsa because it wasn't fresh and was very thick for the taste. I've tried better. The food was way too salty too.
4	Not a bad place.  Not a great place.  The price awards this a 4 star because it IS a really great value.  Churros and quesadillas were pretty awesome.
5	my favorite mexican fast food place in Glendale area. Surf n Turf burrito and fish taco combo for 6.99 is amazing deal. the salsa bar is also unique and very flavorful.
4	So, yes the food is good and the prices were very reasonable. The Surf & Turf Taco was scrumptious. The special white sauce is a mixture of mayonnaise and sour cream. The fish taco was ok, but I'm not a fish taco lover to begin with. I also ordered the shredded beef flauta... The beef was excellent tasting, but the fried tortilla outside was very fried, very oily, so I peeled it off and just ate the beef. The place looks clean and the staff is relatively nice.
4	Had the carnitas and fish tacos. Better than average. The salsa bar was unexpected and very good. Onions, peppers and carrots. Sauce for every taste. Clean with good service. I will be going back to try the other menu items. Highly recommended.
4	I genuinely enjoy this place but my friend got very sick here and decided never to come here again. however, this is a small pocket of authenticity sandwiched between Subway, Panda, and Del Taco. Service is great and they always get you lots of sauces.
5	Really good, the main ingredients aren't hidden in a pile of cheese or sauce. Just great flavors all around. I highly recommend it!
