5	Maht is very nice and professional and worked with my conservative budget to install an amazing TV and in-wall speaker setup.  He even "ran into" some non-conventional studs in my wall but it didn't cause a problem becuase he knew another way to get the job done.  It meant a lot of extra work for him but he gladly went the extra mile and made it turn out probably better than originally planned.Clarity Sight & Sound offers completely customized home theater/home automation only limited by your imagination or budget.  If you want a job done right and up to your highest standards I recommend Clarity.  Don't be intimidated and think it's too fancy or expensive.
5	Clarity and Mathew are great to work with! He is very professional, trust worthy and won't let you buy things you don't need..he'll set you up with the perfect system for your space.
5	Excellent service, competitive prices, and incredible knowledge. I'm so glad that I used Clarity. I had a great experience and I would absolutely recommend them to anyone that wants a fantastic Audio/visual setup in their home.
5	Very Professional, Knowledgeable, and Creative when it comes to developing your home entertainment system.  Also have seen work done by this company for businesses in the Charlotte area.  Highly recommend!
5	These guys did a great job installing my outdoor speakers!  They are very professional and worked around my schedule. I would definitely recommend them!
5	Matt and his crew just installed a sound system into our office and we couldn't be happier!! The quality of the speakers and the sound is excellent. Controlling the system is easy and up to date. His company is on the cutting edge of technology which is part of the reason we chose him. Matt is very professional and went the extra mile to provide a quality system which we appreciate.  We plan to hire him again for future projects and you should do the same. You will be glad you did! Thanks for the outstanding service Matt!
5	Matt & Co. designed and installed killer audio/video in my home and home office, and continue to update it when I need something new! These are the Go-To Guys who I know I can trust to do it right, the first time.  Professional, knowledgeable and worth every cent.  In the A/V industry, you have to be careful because there are a lot of fly-by-night folks out there.  Clarity makes everything clear for a non-techie like me!
5	Clarity Sight & Sound is a local small (but growing very quickly) company that I highly recommend! For all you AV needs, Clarity can help out! The owner and associates are very knowledgeable about the latest high-tech audio and visual equipment on the market. Clarity can install any home theater system to fit your needs and the results are detailed, precise, and professional. Thanks for the great work Clarity Sight & Sound!
