4	Stopped by today and picked up a tasty juice. Very friendly people and willing to help you out. Juice is on the more expensive side at $12 for 15ML. but the flavors are very tasty so I picked one up because it was unique. Probably won't visit often because of the price - but a very friendly place and has a great social area for hanging out.
5	Came in today for their grand opening. I'm here for the week and I saw a flyer. I stopped in which it was really packed but they were really knowledgeable about the devices they had and were willing to teach you how to set it up. They have an abundance of juices which you can try in the store. Really cool people. I suggest if you're into vaping and trying to quit cigarettes to give it a try
5	I have visited this store a few times now and the staff has always made me feel like a valued client of theirs.  I can choose any store to go to cuz there are a few around the area but I find myself going back to this one because of the great customer service and knowledgable information about there product and juices.  They have lots to choose from and they don't mind helping you out.  Everything you would want out of a vape store. Definitely a great new vape establishment and worth a trip.
5	Haus of Vapors has my loyalty. Not only do they collaborate with the local vape community, they offer extremely competitive prices on hardware. I have had horrible experiences getting ripped off at other shops, and these guys are doing this because they love it. You can tell from the moment you walk in that they love what they do. They rebuild for free and really take the time to make sure you leave happy. 10/10
5	Great service, not only hella knowledgable about every product they carry but also extremely friendly people. Good selection of Mods, Atomizers, Accessories, Batteries and bomb juices. Raffles, punch cards and cloud contest. Real chill vibes. Plus a lounge to jus kick it, build attys and listen to music.  It is only a specialty Vape store, not a smokeshop so they know what they're doin. Wouldn't go anywhere else.
