1	The guy at the drive through line treated me like I was stupid because I missed the order thing. On top of that the coffee is mediocre. Thanks for ruining my morning coffee and insulting me at the same time
1	Worst starbucks I've ever been to. I repeated my order three times and they still got it wrong-- twice. Even after they remade it it still didn't taste right. They messed up two other people's drinks while I was standing there. And they were slow!! Won't come back here.
4	This location has a drive through and a lobbyI have never had an issue parking in their lotThe lobby has both comfortable chairs and less comfortable chairsRight next to Potbelly's so if you are studying and want a sandwich you can pretty much just step outside,The drinks are made to standard, and the people who work there are nice.One less star because although the people who work there are nice, they are not very knowledgable and that is kind of irritating.Otherwise I am a fan, indeed!
2	This starbucks doesn't live up to the standard of the starbucks name. Each time I have been there my drink has either been made wrong or poorly. The location doesn't seem to be prepared for their morning rush. I make the extra drive down rural to go to another starbucks to get my coffee.
4	Not sure why this location has such low ratings! I've been through the drive-thru at least a dozen times and never leave dissatisfied (other than when they're out of blueberry scones). The service is always friendly and the line typically moves pretty fast. My only complaint would be that they've overfilled my drinks on multiple occasions... I'm not a fan of sticky hands.
5	I think this Starbucks had great customer service and I was in and out of the drive thru in 5 mins. When does that ever happen??
4	Come here for the great coffee etc, awesome service, but don't come here for the WiFi. It's very very slow.
3	Love that this place closes late, so it's great for the weirdos like me who drink coffee at 10PM.  Great for studying but you've got to have a leprechaun and a half to snag a table here around finals.  Also, for having that many plugs for electronics, the wifi here is incredibly slow.  Otherwise, more or less your average Starbucks.
