5	I was disappointed when the little BBQ place that once occupied this space closed, and I was perplexed when I noticed that a new Mexican restaurant was opening up in its place. A Roberto's had recently opened up in the same small shopping center. Why would they choose to set up shop so close to the competition? As it turns out, Roberto's is no competition at all. My boyfriend and I decided to check out this new shop and see if the menu looked any good. We had a back up plan... "If the menu sucks, we'll go to Roberto's." We walked up, and checked out the menu through the window (I hate walking into small businesses, making eye contact with the prideful business owner, and walking out. I feel bad, REALLY bad.). All it took was two words and the boyfriend was sold, wet burrito. I had already seen a few things that looked tasty including some fresh salads, fajitas, quesadillas, tacos, nachos, and combo plates. In we went. We were greeted by a super friendly guy who was all smiles. He had a great energy, and I could tell he was passionate about the food. Upon further inspection of the menu, we discovered something so sinful and amazing that we agreed that there was no way we were getting out of there without giving it a try... Fries. Fries? Yes. Fries. Fries covered in cheese, beans, cream, guacamole, and Mexican salsa with your choice of chicken, steak, or shrimp. YUM! The final order was a wet steak burrito for him, a dry steak burrito for me, and an order of steak fries. I knew it was going to be a ton of food, but I had no idea what was in store for us. The food and two regular drinks came to about $25.00. It might seem kind of pricey, but the fries were NOT an appetizer. They were a meal for two by themselves. After placing our order, he immediately got to work preparing our food. The kitchen was very clean, and everything was prepared fresh to order. I swear that there was nearly an entire cow on the grill. There was that much beef. As he was cooking, we carried on a conversation. I asked how business was going and he said, "Everyday it gets better. It's been three weeks, and we're doing good." He also shared that there was another location near the Boulevard Mall that has been open for 11 years. Then I asked the dreaded question, "Is Roberto's giving you guys some competition?" His reply was a simple, "No," followed by a big smile. I said, "So your food is THAT good huh?" Again, he smiled and nodded. The food was indeed THAT good. The steak fries came out first, and we immediately got to work devouring the delicious mountain of yummy goodness. After our burritos arrived, we moved to the outdoor seating. I will be honest. I never made it to the burrito, but my boyfriend did, and he says it was delicious. He asked me what night of the week should be Rivas night, so we are already planning on becoming regulars. I had to go in and ask for boxes to go, and I can't wait until lunch tomorrow when I will get to try my burrito.
5	Awesome food, awesome service! And it's close to our house.
5	Large portions. Food cooked to order and it is not greasy. I was not disappointed. The reviews you saw from my neighbors are correct. I could not finish my portions and it is restaurant quality. The meat was cooked as you order. Some places have their meat precooked. The super nachos rocked it!
4	I went to check it out and the food was excellent. Restaurant quality with hole in the wall prices.
4	Rivas awesome better than Robertos & always friendly staff. Little more pricey but delicious & get the bang for your buck. Shrimp tacos yummy & carne asada fries are on fire!!
4	Rivas showed up with five stars on Yelp when I was driving around with my friend. I read the reviews before so I was glad it came across. The menu is small which, to me, is a good sign because I believe small menus let establishments focus on keeping core items really good and prices low.It had salads, quesadillas, super nachos, burritos, wet burritos, rolled tacos. That's all I can remember.I got the super steak nachos.These are by far my favorite Carne asada nachos.. better than tacos el gordo! Which i love..The reason is the steak was freshly grilled, the guacamole was actually thick guacamole, and the beans!Beans are a filler in my opinion. Their beans were seasoned perfect and added to the overall flavor combination.It was a bit hot in the restaurant, which I hate. Also, food came slow but it was a bit busy I guess.But I overall loved the food.The cashier was nice but not someone memorable. The overall experience including service, speed, and food will get a four from me.Oh yea! There bathrooms were pretty clean haha :]
4	Two words:  STEAK FRIESI'll add a little more.  It was a little chilly in there but it's pretty small and with the cold weather one open of the door and it's winter inside.I can't wait to go back and try some other items on their menu, but the steak fries....yummy!
5	At first i thought their food were awful, BUT I WAS WRONG. I went there this morning and ordered steak fries and steak with rice. They serve a lot too! Food was delicious! I am serious! I was gonna take a picture of it before i eat it, but i was really hungry!..burp..I like how they cooked the steak.! Excellent everything!. Service was great. The lady was really nice. I will go there next time.
1	Never Again! Based on the other reviews here we tried the chicken burrito and chile relleno. Without exaggeration the food was inedible in the case of the chile relleno and almost so with the burrito. After our experience, it's hard to believe that most of the other reviews aren't plants. The relleno was a burned, greasy mess, and the chicken in the burrito seemed to be a mix of reasonably fresh, combined with old, dried out, meat. I suppose it's possible that we just happened to arrive on a bad day or when the dishwasher was filling in for the regular cook, but nothing could persuade us to give this place another try.
5	This place is by far the best little Mexican restaurant I have been to. My favorite here are the steak fries, WOW! Everything is cooked fresh to order.
4	I placed a telephone order for delivery. My order was delivered promptly and every item was delicious. The food tasted fresh and very authentic and I have no complaints. Watch out, though: The portions are large, so you need to be mindful not to over order unless you want a lot of leftovers.
4	Love love love this place!!! We order from here at least once a week and they have the best chicken burittos and you can't beat the price!
4	This is my first visit to Rivas.  The food here is very tasty and fresh.  I walked in here and ordered 2 tacos.  1 steak and 1 shrimp.  I didn't order anything else because I was worried that I wouldn't like the food but I was wrong!   I am mildly allergic to shrimp, but I love shrimp and had to order one lol.  The rash on my face will go away in 1 day so no worries.  I'm glad I went against my health because the shrimp tacos are delish and have great seasoning.  If you try the shrimp on its own it is a bit salty but in the taco, it really makes the flavor stand out and the salt is evened out by the other toppings.  The tacos come with pico de gallo and guacamole.  I am not a fan of pico de gallo since I don't like raw tomatoes.  I asked the cashier if I could get onion and cilantro instead of pico de gallo which are considered "extra toppings"(75 cents each) and she said yes :) . When I got my tacos, they had no cilantro and they said they had ran out :( My tacos were still good.  The steak taco was very good as well.  The steak was tender, juicy and seasoned perfectly.  They have a salsa bar and the green salsa is good and spicy( I love spicy food) so beware if you can't handle the heat.  Salsa heat scale 7/10.  For the tacos they use the regular corn tortillas instead of the small taco tortillas.  The tacos are big.  The tortillas are soft so my tacos broke when I was eating the taco (hate it when this happens).  My grandma was always very very picky with the way tortillas are warmed up, and she would not have been happy with Rivas.  Since they were not warmed long enough they broke easily.  The guacamole here is very good and thick which I love.  After I ate my 2 tacos I got up to order one more shrimp taco!  This place is 2 minutes away from my house so if I am really craving these tacos I would stop my here for them. But for the best Mexican tacos I would go somewhere else.  So far these are my rankings for best tacos(in my opinion) in Vegas.  Keep in mind that I am looking for authentic tasting/looking tacos.  #1- Las Taquizas (Lamb/Bonanza) taco truck#2-El Cordobes (Tropicana/Nellis)#3- Rivas Mexican Grill#4-Taco Tijuana (Forgot the streets/google it)You can see my reviews for all these.  Thank you, Taco Lady
4	This place is fantastic, I wish I could try some of the other items on the menu, but I can't get past the steak super nachos, the only thing I didn't care for was the size of the restaurant, but since I don't go there to eat the size of the restaurant it earned 4 stars easily. I'm saving the last star for when I try something new.
4	Rivas is my go-to Mexican eatery in the immediate area.  The food here is awesome and the staff is always nice and accommodating.  When I roll through, I usually jump on the shrimp torta or shrimp tacos, which I must admit can get a little pricey with my appetite.  However, they have a fantastic 2 for $6 chicken burrito deal that I frequent when I'm hungry or I need something to-go for the day.  Plus, they taste good so that's always a plus.  HEAD'S UP: I would definitely suggest that you phone your orders in before coming as it tends to get busy here and it might take a while to get your food.  Calling my order in 15-20 minutes ahead of time seems to be the trick here when I just want to pop in, get my food, and go.  Condiments in mind, the green sauce is pretty grubbin' but the real winner is the red sauce.  The red sauce made here is the best I've had in the area, if not the entire valley.  They are both a little spicy but that's how I like 'em.. make sure to pick-up a to-go cup of sauce on the way out.  You won't be disappointed.Good food and a great option when I'm hungry and don't want to drive too far.  Definitely a frequent flyer here and will continue to be for a while.
4	GOOD...that's all you need to know. :DOh, also, space is limited inside but they do have to-gos and outdoor seating but it's crowded!
4	Cheap, fast, delicious, clean, friendly staff. Always been and will continue to be my spot. 10/10 would try again.
5	The burritos here are on point and at a great price aswell 2 for $5 can't beat that .
4	Best Mexican restaurant on the east side hands down. The carne asda fries/nachos and burritos are amazing!
5	Ohh i love this place. I always get the carne asada nachos. The meat is so much fresher and more tasty than robertos. The prices are not expensive for this type of delicous flavor. Must stop by.
5	Love the food here great flavor and service with a smile.. Will never eat at Robertos again.
5	Been eating here since the day they opened. Since I moved away from the area I look for any excuse when I am working the area to eat here. Very fresh, delicious. Roberto's has nothing on these guys, in fact a Roberto's is around the corner and is empty at lunch time. Riva's is legit.
