5	The best pizza in town - bar none. Tonnes of good beer on tap. With a $23 pitcher and pizza deal, you can't go wrong. Waitresses have nice teeth (seriously, they must get orthodontics as part of their comp). Clientele is primarily (older) students, but hockey fans and locals make cameo appearances.
4	I am not from Waterloo so I cannot verify the claim that it is the best in town. But it is pretty darn good pizza. There were a couple of meatetarians and couple of vegetarians in the group so we go two pizzas and two pitchers. The $23 pitcher and pizza deal is pretty awesome. Being used to Toronto prices, I felt like I was getting the beer for free.  A lot of the the time the dough is the key to a good pizza, but in this case I would actually say that the sauce was where it was at. Their dough is good, but they really load up the pizza with some really tasty tomato sauce. The only criticism I have is that the service was a bit slow, but then again it is a bar....
4	Do you even need to know what else is on the menu? The Pizza and Pitcher deal = awesome. Get seats on the patio, add some sun, and you have an awesome after-work spot. Plenty of brews to choose from.Comments:We were a group of 4 with different tastes and they won't really let you do 1/2 and 1/2 pizza's. Apparently they had some new cooks in the back. They messed up our pizza order - the vegetarian one had pepperoni on it (we relocated these!!) and the meat-etarian one had pineapple on it (not even close!). Kudos to our waitress who let us choose to either send it back or get 'promo' pricing. We were hungry and also donated the extra money to another pitcher. The inside of the bar isn't all that nice. Kinda dingy, the pool tables are $2.50/15min and the dartboards free. They also have a foosball table.
4	Gone are my university days of pizza and beer deals that leave me waking up in the morning why I have so much coinage left in my wallet from the night before. This is why an unplanned return to the Waterloo this past weekend was so welcome and lovely. Living in the GTA for the past 5 years now, I have become accustomed to the fact that a 'bar night' will run me between $80-$140 depending on my crowd, location and my ambitions. Dial those digits back when you visit McMullans On King folks. This stereotypical University town sports and billiards bar is not only a great place to watch 'the game' (whatever that may be), but its also a place to stop in for a quick drink (or 2 or 3... ). Filled with sports memorabilia, european country flags (for Euro2012) and beer signage.Being accustomed to TO pricing I approached the bar that evening willing to part with $10 for a single drink of vodka and soda. When the bar maid took my order and handed me back $6 in change I felt inclined to be like the lady from the Ikea Ad, running down the street yelling "START THE CAR" for fear that I had been the recipient of some sort of over sight. No over sight - just everyday LOW LOO pricing. Hallelujah!Even better than the drink deal is their Pizza and  pitcher of beer deal. $23 for a large pizza (which tastes amazing whether you are sober or not) and pitcher of your choice of malted hops? Fab! Their patio is a tad bit small, so you get the occasional down wind of someone having a cigarette BUT still nice to have once.If your in the Waterloo area, I recommend this place for anytime of day (or night).
5	Their pizza and pitcher deal is pretty good. Good food, friendly service, and reasonable prices.
3	I have been here a few times now and have mixed emotions. Like all the previous yelpers have said the Pizza and Pitcher combo is an awesome deal and their perogies are AMAZING but the rest of the food I've had there has been disappointing. Also the last few times I've been the service has been not so great. We were there for a few pre drinks before we went out a few weeks ago and my group of 9 ate in 4 different sittings (all ordered at the same time), mine being the last meal served after everyone else was already done. I will be going back for sure as the location is convenient and the Pitcher and Beer combo can't be beat but I'm hoping for better/faster service and will stick to pizza as my meal.
1	I didn't come here to drink, I came her for an early dinner on a Saturday afternoon. I am quite a fan of McMullans on HIghland and go there quite frequently. My experience at this location is not one that i would want to experience again. Upon entering the resto we were seated right beside the door. It wasn't a nice day and i was with an older woman. We moved down to try to stay warm. I ordered a water with lemon at first and the server brought me a water sans lemon. She didn't return to our table for a good 5 minutes after that. She was playing with her cell phone at the bar and constantly changing the music on her ipod through out my whole visit. If she could' have provided quality service i wouldn't have minded, but she didn't. Finally, I ordered the pitcher and pizza deal which is a great deal at $23. I had no problems with my food as it was on point but it did take a little while in comparison to the HIghland location, and the resto was pretty much dead. I was brought a dirty knife, when asked for a new one i was brought another dirty knife. When i asked for another one it was covered in watermarks. i settled on that one but hasn't any of the servers heard of polishing?!I ended up having to go up to the bar to ask for my bill/ take out containers/ debit machine because after the food was brought my server never returned. I am so disapointed in the service here it has made me question whether i should return to either of the McMullans establishments.If you're only looking to drink and party, this is the place for you. If you're looking for decent service and a good experience i would suggest any other place along King st.
