1	I've been to this location a number of times, and every time I've gone, the people who work there are dicks.  Maybe I just go at the wrong times or something, but I haven't been back here in a while.  They've got a lot in stock, but I'd recommend taking your business elsewhere.
4	I decided to head to Tempe Bicycle after figuring out that a mountain bike I was looking at on Craigslist was stolen property.  Having been fed up with deals that were too good to be true I decided to bite the bullet and head to a place where I knew people would know bikes.I found the staff to be really helpful at this location.  Everyone who assisted knew a ton about bikes, and showed enthusiasm that I was buying a bike for the first time in years.  The staff directed me towards a lower end bike because I wanted to use it mostly for street biking with an opportunity for some basic trail-riding down the line.All in all I was very happy with my experience.  They even encourage you to bring the bike back after a month or so for a free tune-up that makes a huge difference.The only thing to be careful of is to keep in mind the hidden expenses of buying a bike.  I didn't factor in the lock, lights, helmet, and maintenance supplies so definitely save a little more before the big purchase!
5	I am not sure how this place has so few ratings that are kinda terrible. I had the best experience here when I was looking for the perfect first bicycle (of my adult life.. huffy's don't count). After going to a few other shops and feeling like a burden when I explained what I was looking for but I wasn't exactly sure what the best options would be for me, I stumped into Tempe Bicycle as a last resort. What I found was the gorgeous bike I saw online that I had been drooling over, and Debbie, the best sales rep ever. Every type of bike and their pros and cons were explained to me, without hesitation or impatience and without feeling like I was a burden. Any question I had was answered nicely and with a real explanation rather than trying to blow me off by telling me some made up answer that I wouldn't catch on to. I was told I could put a down payment on a bike and pay it off in 3 months. Also, if it ended up I didn't want it, I'd get my money back. Really? this is too good to be true, yet I said I'd have to think on it. I ended up putting a deposit down the next day over the phone with Debbie and she was so nice. She asked me when I would be in to visit my bike again, which I just died over. How cute is that? That's exactly how *I* think!!On the say I arrived to get my bike I asked a few more questions about the bike such as whether I could put different tires on and some other features of the bike. Debbie then walked me through and helped me get all the accessories I wanted and needed as well as spent the time really explaining the difference between items and why I needed them. On my final checkout I received 10% off of EVERYTHING. With free classes and amazing service, I truly lucked out finding my dream bike at a dream store. If you want good service and/or an adorable Biria bike like mine, head there and ask for Debbie.
5	I bought a bike from Tempe Bicycle on Rural back in October.  The bike was a great deal, and they told me that I had a 30 day free "tune up," which I ended up using but way late...and THEN when my bike was stolen, I called them up and they had the serial # on file and were more than happy to help me out.  I really don't know how this shop got such bad ratings, either...
4	Ride on in for the best deal on a tune up in town. Call after call I reach out to most of the bike shops in town, tuneups were 50 to 100% more expensive and their hours made it hard to drop off and pick up in the same week. The store it self is a bit over crowded due to a lack of focus, they have mountain, road and cruiser bikes. Most of the gear here seems focused on the lower end market of the adjacent college.I dropped my bike off on a Sunday and by Monday evening it was ready to go and for $35 which was a great deal. The tune up seemed decent too.
4	I bought my bike here maybe 2 years ago. Anytime I come in for something, they are super cool and friendly.I have dropped my bike off twice to have stuff done to it, and the guy has always offered to bring me my bike up at my work. I dont know if this is a normal thing they do, but RAD none the less!
1	I though the older man helping us was very pushy and a little douchy! I probably won't ever go back!
1	I was in the market for my first bike in 5 years.  I hit several shops and Tempe Bicycle has the best value available.  It was a decent, Giant bicycle for $240.  It's not top of the line, but other shops were selling it for as much as $100 more.  So I head in.From the beginning:1) Rude, pushy salesperson.  I go to look around and compare bikes.  No riding yet.  Just looking.  Judy (?) says something like, "Well if you don't buy this today, we might not have it tomorrow."  I say, "Okay. I'll call before I come back."2) I call.  They have it.  Because they have dozens in stock, being built and set on the floor as the others sell.  And I go and ask for a test ride.  A different salesperson named Debbie helps me out.  She's competent, but very impatient.  I say, "I don't like the shock-absorbing seatpost.  Are there any options for switching that out."  She says, "No.  Everybody likes that seatpost.  It' s a $75 seatpost!  Just try it.  You'll get used to it."  I say, "I'll get the bike, but I don't like the seat."  She says, "We'll get it ready, you can pick it up tomorrow."  (In the middle of all of this, she took time to yell at a few customers for touching the unicycles.  She said, "There's a sign, you know."  They said, "We didn't see it."  She says, "I don't believe that. How could you not see it?  It's right there.")3) I go to pick it up.  I say to the person who's signing me out, "I don't like this seat.  Are there any other options?"  He says, "Yes!  Plenty.  If you give it a ride for a few days and decide you want a different seatpost, come back in within 30 days and we'll trade it out.  That's a suspension seatpost, so it won't cost you anything to go to a fixed seatpost."  I say, "Seriously?"  He says, "Seriously."4) I ride about two miles, and come to the conclusion that I still don't like the seatpost."  I come back in on the 28th day, and I say, "I'm here to change out my seatpost.  I still don't like it."  Debbie's back.  She says, "Okay.  Pick a seatpost.  Most cost around $25-35.  We'll be able to change that out if you want."  I say, "I was told it was a free trade-out because this was a more expensive seatpost and this was within 30 days."  She says, "We'll fire whoever told you that.  We won't trade it out for you."  I said, "Well you told me it was a $75 seatpost, so what do I get in exchange for giving it back to you?  Nothing?  I buy a new seatpost and pay for installation and you get a nice seatpost to re-sell?"  She says, "I don't know you!  I never spoke to you!  You must have me confused for the other woman.  For Judy.  We are different, you know."  (As if I'm a sexist who can't tell the difference between two women in a bike shop.)  And I say, "Look, your name's right here on the receipt."  And she says, "Oh.  That's me.  What I said was that we could swap it out on the day of sale only and we would charge you."  I said, "You never said that--I wish you had.  It would have saved us this conversation.  Forget the seatpost.  Can I just get a 30-day tune-up."  And then we both apologized for the confusion.  Credit to Debbie--she initiated the apology.  5) I pick up my bike after a tune-up, and as a kind of "test," I ask the mechanic, "So, what did you do on the bike?"  And he says, "We did everything."  I said, "What does that mean?"  He says, "We fixed everything."  And then he walked away.6) I went to another bike shop and liked it much more, and I will give them my business from now on.  --------------------------------------------TL;DR: Rude, impatient employees who seem to hate dealing with customers.
1	This place is horrible. I will make this short-they treat customers like garbage because there are so many for them being next to ASU, they dont live off returning business. Go to RURAL AND BROADWAY- DOMENICKS-AWESOME PEOPLE!!
4	Great service, didn't buy a bike here but brought one in to be serviced. The guys were super nice and friendly. I was really pleased by the selection of bikes that they have at this store, pretty much any unique design that you may be looking for they may have. Also this is the place for crazy accessories for your bike like seahorse horns and flags etc.
4	i've been in here several times to shop for bikes. i've never actually treated myself to a bicycle from Tempe Bicycle, although i did buy my wife a very sweet cruiser from here. they were somewhat friendly, but i never got that "welcome to the club" feel i get when i shop at Rage. more like a "we sell bikes. are you going to buy one or not" type place. but their cruiser selection is very big, so i knew i'd find something for her here. i didn't find anything for myself, although i've bought kitchy accessories....i.e. a drink holder, bike bells, a rear pannier rack, etc. good enough, i was happy with the bike i purchased for my wife.
4	I just bought a new road bike from here and they gave me a very good price on it.  They also installed all the extras I bought.
1	Save time,don't go, very rude and not very knowledgeable at all. Really don't know how their in business.
2	I have been going here for about 4 years now, only because its the closest bike facility to my house. I use my bike for biking everywhere, but by no means am a hardcore biker, so the only times I have to go to a bike store is pretty much when I have a flat or I get stopped by a random cop for having no headlight. The place is super-pricey and charge wayyy too much for what they offer. Most of the items in the store too arent for the small-pocketed! If u even dare ask them to have a look at something else, they start talking about service charges. The mechanics dont seem too knowledgeable or atleast dont like answering the questions an average biker has. They are not helpful when it comes to suggestions regarding choosing between several brands of various items.  The people arent way too friendly, there have been times when I just went in and was looking around for upto 10 mins before someone could get to me. I have also observed that the guys who work there ignore other guy customers, when girls are around looking for help.I always try to ignore this place and dont go here unless its my worst case scenario. As an ASU student, the bike facility on Apache, behind SRC is way too friendly and cheaper too (even though they carry brands that Tempe bicycle does too). I always go there whenever theres a possibility.
5	This has always been my favorite bike shop!!! I remember the days when they were west of Mill on "the otherside of the tracks" but I really like the newer digs on Rural rd closer to my place. Service, prices, and selection have never been a problem.The problem occured last week, and it was a doosie!It was when an owner stepped up to the plate with concern and compasion, that made me fell better about what had happened, what happened wasnt as important as the fact that it was resolved. Thats what you get with a shop like this.Great repair prices, nice selection, and real bike people.JV
3	I rented a road bike a few months ago from this shop.  They have directions for route on their website.  Always a plus.  But no one at the shop that day knew anything about it.  Bummer.  I got a smoking deal.  3 days for 90 bucks.  I'm used to 50 per day.  That's pretty standard for most road bike rentals.  But on the day of rental they sucked at bike fit.  I asked to use a tool so I could raise the seat and was denied. Really!?  They had the standard flat repair kit with the rental but no bike tool.  Ah well.
3	I traded in my old beach cruiser here for a new "hybrid" model. The trade in value was decent. Not what I hoped, but I didn't want to go through the hassle of selling it. The staff was helpful, but busy. I came in on a Sunday and they were slammed. Waited forever to be helped. They walked by me a few times without a "we'll be right with you." But when I was finally helped, they were friendly and professional. They have a good variety of bikes (cruisers, mountain and road). They also have a ton of bike accessories. They do repairs and install your accessories for you if needed. But, for a chain store, I expected their prices to be better. Overall, a good place and I'd recommend it.
2	This place does have a large selection of cruiser bikes for both men and women, and a range of prices and accessories as well. When I originally purchased a cruiser bike for my husband the sales associate wasn't pushy, which I appreciated, he mentioned a few times that I could always return it if I changed my mind. He FAILED to mention a restocking fee which comes into play later...... A different associate loaded the bike into my truck for me and I brought it to a friends house to stash it until our Anniversary. It was then he noticed a few scratches I hadn't seen. Upon calling the store they made it seem like it was no problem to bring it in and exchange the bike or touch up the paint. Hey, it's a gift so it should look perfect when you're presenting it brand new right?Problem was, once the bike was brought down to the store, the associate was NO help. He said he couldn't fix the paint because he didn't have the right color, couldn't exchange it because there wasn't another one, and suggested using a sharpie.....you heard me right. Oh, and if you return the bike they wanted some 20% re-stocking fee for them to put it back on the rack. Please!!!! That's when my friend and I decided to try our luck at the University location and had a MUCH better customer service experience. You can read my review for their location.  I've brought my own cruiser to this Rural Rd. location in the past for minor fix-its and they always seem to have a lackluster attitude and customer service approach that seems to say "we don't really care about you or your bike". I think I've got the message loud and clear.
2	Avoid this location, especially on the weekends. The Apache location has much better customer service! Today they estimated half an hour to replace a tube, which already seemed like a long wait, and said that they would call when it was ready. It took an hour and a half, and no one ever called. Ridiculous. Either go to the Apache location during the week, or figure out how to do the repairs yourself.
1	The salesperson that "helped" me today was highly incompetent. When he approached me, I said that I needed a lockring tool. He didn't know what a lockring was, so I explained that it was for removing gears and showed him the one that I had purchased at REI that was too big. He said, "Oh, a CASSETTE tool..." and walked over to the tool wall (hidden behind the service desk). He stared blankly at the wall for a minute and then said he would go to the back and look. It took me all of one second to find the tool I needed. I told him that I found it and thanked him, and he disappeared. I then stood near the register, unacknowledged, for a few minutes until someone else asked me what I needed. When I said I just needed to check out, he had to tell the guy that had originally helped me to ring up the sale. I had planned on asking for recommendations/advice on a problem I am having with the brakes on my bike, but decided that the incompetent salespeople at the store were definitely not the ones I should ask. I will not be returning to this store, or any other Tempe Bicycle.
1	Really, 3.5 stars?? What are these people smoking?! Maybe if you are an expert cyclist and know everything you'd ever need to know, maybe then this would be a decent place to go. But as a beginner, I went in hoping to purchase 2 bikes for my husband and I to start Mountain Biking. I asked the guy for help and to answer a couple questions. The guy never even stood up, he just sat behind the counter and said to me "you don't even know you'll like it, so I can't help you" He said I needed to figure out if I liked riding and what bike I wanted before coming back and then he'd help me. He was just a total jerk. So I left, went down the street to another bike shop and bought 2 great bikes! Their loss I guess, because we are loving our new bikes and new hobby and go every weekend.
1	I went here looking for a small, lightweight bike. I told the employee I purchased a beach cruiser a couple of years ago and really regretted it; I'm barely over 5' and about 100lbs. My current bike was huge, very heavy, and impractical for riding the light rail. He actually argued with me, defending the beach cruiser! I asked him to show me something lighter and he showed me virtually the same bike I already had (with different handle bars), and claimed it would be the lightest. Needless to say, I did not buy a bike from them. This particular employee wasn't helpful or knowledgeable. I hope that's not the case for everyone who works there, but I don't think I would want to go back.
1	I can't believe how bad my service was. It's a bike shop, people who work at bike shops usually care about what they do. I brought in a beautiful old road bike for a tune-up and here is my story.First off they told me they could convert to a single-speed, but they couldn't do it properly with a freewheel and spacers. They could just take the derailleurs off and leave it stuck on one gear. I said not to bother since it's pointless as I could just keep it one gear forever if I wanted to do that. So they quoted me a price for a normal tuneup and said it would be done the next day.The next day I go to pick up my bike and they wheel it out... converted to single-speed... not even the proper way, but the way I clearly expressed I didn't want. This wasn't the issue, mistakes happen. The issue was that nobody would accept ownership of the problem. The three employees just stood there on the sales floor having a bickering match about who's fault it was. I just sat there awkwardly waiting and listening while they cursed at each other and tried to pass blame. Then they went to their back shop and continued the argument much louder and with much more profanity. Since they had a cutout window in the wall of course I could still hear everything. Then one of them came out and said, "uhh that derailleur was broken" and I responded that it was not broken. Then he said "it was missing parts" and I asked "oh really, what parts are missing exactly?". He couldn't answer and then went back to the shop to join the argument again.Several minutes later someone else comes out and said they could put the parts back on and I could pick it up the next day. I declined and just said, "let me take it as is and you take money off the service". So they dropped the price $20 and rang me out. When I got the bike home I was REALLY disappointed because it was the worst tune-up I had ever had. They converted it to single-speed on the highest gear ratio there was. Not only was that stupid. but it misaligned the chain bound up the whole system... making it ride worse than it would have if I had nothing done at all.So here I am with a lighter wallet, putting my parts back on, ordering another chain on amazon, and redoing the tune-up myself, all because I went to Tempe Bicycle.
5	RENT HERE.  FIrstly, know that the RURAL ROAD storeis where you rent bikes; not the other sites.  (Their website doesn't make that clear.)  That said, as a bicycling tourist, this is a great place to rent a road or mountain bike.  The shop is just 1/3 mile from the bike trail along the canal, which takes you to any other trail or bike path you might wish to follow.  Phoenix/Tempe/Scottsdale is very bike-friendly.  Remember to follow the rules of the road, as the drivers will yield to you, but cannot expect you to do stupid.See my Endomondo route for the trail (drchuck59).   I took a 32-mile route north to the desert botanical garden, across to Scottsdale (where I had lunch and window-shopped), then rode the links (golf course) trail back to the canal. Despite the elevation, you will enjoy not-more-than 2% grade on your road bike with mountain gear set to the gardens, then a flat-to-slightly down, picturesque ride back.Helmets are provided.  Remember to bring your own gloves, shoes and pedals, or...Get great deal on a set of pedals!  I "scored" some high-end Shimano SLs *at cost* and got the first-day rental FREE.  The techs installed in minutes, helped me adjust the release springs, and removed them after I returned the bike.They have large bathrooms where you can change into your gear, but no shower.  (It's so dry in AZ that you probably won't need to shower after your ride.)  The bikes have 2 bottle racks - take 2 water bottles or a camelback.  Did I mention it's really dry there?I noticed that the bike techs were pretty knowledgeable, but the range of experience varied.  I was quite pleased with mine (although it took him 3 tries to find the right pedal tool; as it would for me LOL!).SUMMARY: Best place for a tourist to rent a bicycle, close to bike trails, great deals on a wide range of equipment and bikes.
4	I was looking for a Beach Cruiser and didn't want to spend a fortune...I had been looking online and the price for a cruiser plus shipping and handling was pretty much the same as just popping into a bike shop so I thought, what the heck...This location has a pretty good selection... They have several different types of bikes and I saw a lot of mountain/performance bikes... I also found the cruiser that I wanted... It is a nice matte black one...The service was pretty OK here, the guy who was fixing a bike wasn't very helpful even after the repeated eye contact...But the guy who did manage to help me was very nice and friendly, he helped me get the bike and test ride it, as well as throw on the grips that I chose... Oh and the LED light for safety...The final price was very reasonable and I was happy with my purchase...After leaving the store, we thought the bike would miraculously fit into our car and no.... There was no way, so I went back inside and asked the salesman if I could use a wrench so I could take off one of the tires, so it could fit... He said no problem and handed me the proper wrench to make this happen... Long story short, the bike did fit...My cruiser also has a very smooth ride
5	Flat tire on Black Friday!  Got a replacement tube and they replaced it for me right away!   Great service again--thanks Nate!
1	Terrible service, rude and dismissive staff, and an overall lack of concern for their customer. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME HERE! I cannot honestly believe how awful their service is. I crashed my bike and brought it to them (I bought it there) for repair. They had my bike for 6 days. 2 of those were basically lost becasue no one could even come and look at it, no mechanic on duty over the weekend. But Monday they called to tell me it was trashed and I needed a new frame. He mentioned that the frame might not be in stock and then talked about upgrading me to something different. I asked that they try for the straight replacement. They said they would call the Giant sales Rep and get back to me. By Tuesday there was no word at all, so I called to check in that evening. Snotty mechanic on the end of the phone gives me a tale of woe about how he had to call 3 different places to even find out WHO to call. This seems fishy to me as they are an authorized retailer and should know how to deal with this stuff. He says he'll call again right away. He then calls me back and says he still cannot reach the rep but should have an answer Wednesday. Wednesday passes without so much as a touch base phone call. This is either the worst sales representative in the world, or this bike shop is lying to me. So I wait until the end of the day on Thursday and call for an update and am told again that they are waiting on the rep to call them. I ask for a manager. The manager tells me that sometimes the rep is hard to get ahold of and it can take up to a week to even get an estimate. When I asked why they didn't tell me that on Monday he just mumbled an apology. I asked that they have my bike ready to go when I got there in 45 minutes. When I arrived my $1000 bike was sitting by the door unsecured just inside the entrance. I walked in an grabbed it and waved to the manager who did not check my ID or even ASK who I was or verify that was my bike! Talk about careless and useless! So I brought my bike to another Giant dealer right away. And somehow in less than 24 hours they contacted the rep, ordered me a new frame and it is on its way. I'll be riding again by friday at the latest. Just amazing how it took one bike shop 6 days to get me nowhere at all, and a GOOD shop got me a solution in mere hours.
2	I'd like to give them one star, but they did the job I asked them to. When I got the bike back I noticed my cyclometer sensor on the rear wheel was broken and not screwed on any longer. They did provide me tools so I could try to tighten it back up. One of my bike water cages had the plastic retention portion broken off of it. My front brake was not properly tightened. They tightened up the brake, after making a joke about that being how they get repeat business. If you need a 1 inch fork threaded, cut, and  you have no other option come to Tempe bicycle. just make sure you inspect your equipment when you leave. Did they do the job? Yes. Was it affordable? Yes. Would I come back? No. Would I recommend? I'd recommend them for threading and cutting the fork, that's it. Receiving my bicycle with sensors out of place, brakes not ready, seat raised from where it was originally (by 6 inches), and a broken water cage makes me reluctant to return.
4	my boyfriend bought his cruiser bike from here and he's been very happy with it. when we went int the staff was friendly and helpful, but not pushy.  they were really knowledgeable about bikes and happy to let you test-ride whatever bike you wanted.  they even adjusted the bike seat and other things to really let my boyfriend get a feel for the bike.the cons are that the bikes are pricier than what I'm used to paying. also don't trade in your bike here because they will quote you a really low value. you're much better off selling on Craigslist or something.
1	The dudes who work here sort of assume you should know everything, and in doing so, are pretty rude. A customer just asked an employee for a cup of water, and the employee said, "We're not a restaurant dude..."
5	I've been mountain biking for years, and have been to a lot of shops all over the east valley.  These guys are my favorite so far.  They work they do is fairly priced and the work they've done for me has usually taken less than 24 hours.  I also rented a giant trance from them to take to sunrise.  They took a lot of time with me to set up the suspension up just right, instead of just taking my money and sending me on my way.  They also have full face helmets, which not every bike shop does.If anyone asks me where they should get work done, I usually send them here.
1	Sad to say, but I think Tempe Bicycle went OOB (Out of Business)
1	Guess what? This location is now closed. Closed as in "We are not open, no forwarding information, nothing". And i gave them such high regard! Especially because I based my last bike purchase on the caveat that for such a high end bicycle that I bought, they would provide regular check ups and small fixes for free. Well now look....I have this expensive bike that I have to take somewhere else to have maintained. What a crock. I went by today to exchange a bicycle bag and that's when i found out they were closed. I know businesses close all the time, but hell, i was just there a month or so ago for a tune up. Meh!!!!!
