4	Staff is friendly, clean place, and service is fast.
4	My son is going to Brazil this summer and needed some vaccinations.  We got a referral to the Vaccine Center from the Health District because they didn't have the yellow fever vaccine that he would need.  I didn't even know this place existed, but then again, I haven't traveled anywhere lately that would require vaccines.  The first appointment is $65, which covers education and prescriptions; any vaccinations are extra.  The education part was a very thorough explanation with a doctor who reviewed my son's itinerary, where he was going to be, and for how long.  He used his computer to show us interactive maps of Brazil which were color-coded with the danger zones marked for malaria, yellow fever, typhoid, influenza, etc.  The doctor went over the vaccines that were necessary for entry into the country, which ones were recommended, and which ones were optional.  For example, the malaria medicine is not necessary for the southern part of Brazil where my son is going, but it is recommended for northern parts of the country.  The Vaccine Center's database is updated every 24 hours using the CDC's protocols, so they are up to date on what travelers need.  I liked the fact that they didn't push us to get vaccines that weren't necessary.  Everything the doctor went over in the office was also sent to us via e-mail, complete with the maps that outline risk areas, disease facts, as well as facts about the particular country, basic preventive measures, safety and emergency info, consulate information, medical care info, and more--I was impressed!  The teenager ended up getting two shots: the yellow fever vaccine and the flu shot, and oral typhoid medicine on ice to go.  We also got a prescription for Cipro that could be filled at the pharmacy; just in case the kid gets Montezuma's Revenge over there, he'll have the stuff with him.  The person administering the shots went over each one, reviewing possible side effects and made sure she answered any questions that we had.  Overall, I was very pleased with our visit, especially when you need all your health bases covered and you want to make sure your loved ones (including yourself) are protected.  They also offer immunizations, TB tests, STD testing, and other services shot-related. These people know their stuff.
5	I just had the best experience and customer service I have had while getting a physical done at The Vaccine Center (Northwest location)  I went in to have a CDL physical done for my job. The doctor, nurse, and the front desk assistant were all friendly. I got in and out in about 30 minutes. I highly recommend The Vaccine Center. Thanks guys!!!
4	.
1	Don't come here if u need any documents with immigration . they lost my paperwork and take them 3 weeks to get everything done . should only take 2days
