5	Play Whirlwind atleast once a week, 2 great courses.  The greens check up better then any green I play.  Bunkers actually have sand in them comapred to Ocotillo.  Can't beat the price, since it's the same price as Ocotillo I prefer Whirlwind anyday.  Food is amazing, I order the Gordita everytime.  Great practice facilities as well.
5	Outstanding...
3	Good course and a tough test. Greens and fairways in great shape. We had a good time but it was a hot day and only saw the cart lady once. Surprising for a nice course. I walk when play and this course is definitely designed for carts with no green to tee walking paths, just long concrete cart paths. Very little water (to drink) so bring your own unless they fix the cart lady issues.
3	Played the Devils Claw course. Not an extremely long course but was a nice layout. Really not a very scenic though out in this part of the desert. It's very flat and HOT. It had that same old "desert course in the middle of no where" feel to it. Nothing that really stood out as memorable. They had a good amount of water to drink and supplied mango scented towels which was nice. Need to stay hydrated in these 109 degree rounds. I heard they had air conditioned carts but they got rid of that idea 4 years ago after many complaints from customers.The starter was a nice guy but did a poor job of starting. There were huge gaps in the  groups going off and then the ranger asks us to speed up half way through the round to catch up. We were behind from the start thanks to the starter. The range could use a few more targets and the ability to see where a ball over 200 yards lands. Sand traps weren't very impressive. I would like to try the other course, Cat Tail, it was closed for punching this time though.
5	Played it for a tournament and the enviroment was great! Played the Cat Tail course and had a blast. Conditions were great and staff was accomodating and nice. Received a "free play " voucher for the casino and ended up with 40 dollars more so all in all it was great day! Will return soon to play devils claw!
2	Course quality was great but the rangers were aggressive and unfriendly.  It ultimately ruined our day.  I'd play here again,  for the benefit of the doubt, but with the other choices in the valley, they'd better up their hospitality Little bit.
5	I don't golf, but love to eat at the restaurant at Whirlwind.  The views are incredible, the food is always, always great - good bar selection.
4	Located all the way out in the outskirts of South Chandler near the Wild Horse Pass Casino, this golf course is a nice oasis that is fun to play.  The layout of the course is a modern desert course with very few trees.  There's a lot of desert areas and a few traps and water hazards...perfect for the average golfer.The greens were well kept and rolled true despite having a lot of play on them.  We played on a Sunday morning and there were cars running at the nearby drag strip, so all day long you could hear the engines roaring in the distance....kind of cool, for some distracting....but it didn't bother me.The clubhouse has a nice selection of golf accessories, but the prices are high as usual for golf clubhouses.Return Factor - 87%
4	Have been wanting to play one of the two Whirlwind Courses for sometime and finally got my chance by playing in a fund raiser for a local educational foundation . . . the course we played was Devil's Claw.The layout was was similar to most desert courses that I have played, the difference was that the coursed was in imcaulate shape and even for an average golfer (16 handicapped) . . . I felt that I had a chance for a par on every tee box.Played well but was definatley saved by my putting today . . . made four putts over 25 feet . . . found these greens relativly easy to read, which was nice.Only two draw back were the heat by the time we got to the last four holes . . . and the reason for only getting four stars . . . the beverage cart was very slow today.  I know it was probably due to the high volume of players, but felt it was still worthy of losing a star over.Will definately be back to play again when the weather cools down.
4	I was there for a work even and we held a tournament at the Devil's Claw course at 1pm in the afternoon, in September. Was it hot out? Yes, of course? Did they make sure our groups stayed nice and hydrated with water, gatorade and beer? They def did a good job of that.I was working with Ryan to set up the tournament for our members there and they all had a blast. Even the one mishap with had with someone losing track of their shoes was solved pretty easily and their staff is really great. We were there during a quieter time in the year but they treated us all very well.Ryan and his team did a great job of getting the tournament all set up for us and we had a great day out on the course. Fairways were in Ok shape but the greens were really rolling well. I was impressed with them for this time of year.Great event -- our 2nd year at the resort (was there in 2009 as well).
5	Its a great Troon course and these people that owns it has the right mind and passion in golf. Dessert course i would word it cos outside fairways you are in serious dirt/sand/rocks you name it they have it. Greens are fast and consistent most of the time. not to mention they bite if you come in hard. i played the Cat Tail course and i wish i can play Devils Claw as well to completely enjoy the 36 holes, but i won't force it cos winter rate is crazily expensive. i paid $100 plus.... yea up to date my most expensive paid course i have played. But its just a mere fraction of Augusta.... i saw in the web that a poor old guy holding a $15000 check asking to play there is brutally ignored by golfers rushing in for a round. ok i didn't mean POOR as in poverty. but $100 dollars is $330 ringgit and heck i can play in my club 10 times. that's the magnitude when i swiped my credit card. back to Cat Tail, the only thing i don't quite like is most of the holes are facing west, so twilight game will be a bummer. signature hole for me is the PAR 3 where you think your tee box is higher than the green but in actual the architect that designed it trick your eyes if you are not careful. also what separates you (while you are on the tee) and the green is unplayable trench fill with dessert plants and maybe rattle snakes. Green is tiered to make the short hole challenging with PIN placements. Will i go back? well like i have said YES but only to play Devils Claw.
2	My husband and I played Cat Tail on Wednesday through our Troon card.  The course was fabulous and in top shape.  Staff was very friendly and pleasant except when we tried to order something to eat at the end of our round.  It was 15 minutes before they closed the kitchen and I had just walked on to the patio seeing the waiter leaving a table of 4 men after taking their order.  I called out to the waiter so that  I  could get some menu's to order.  He put a menu down on the table and asked what I wanted and I said" can I have a couple of minutes to look at the menu"?  He said "no, I have to take your order right now because the kitchen is closing". I asked him" didn't you just take an order from that table of four over there".  He said yes, but the kitchen is closing.  It wasn't 5:00 yet and I was shocked that he wouldn't give me just a minute to look at it.  I believe they should allow you to order up until closing.  I feel the management needs to overhaul their food servers!
5	Played cat tail. First time on a troon course. Completely wow'ed by everything. Tee boxes, fairways & greens were immaculate. It was a pga quality course minus the pga player...If you're in phx, this course & troon courses are a must. Wont disappoint.
