5	Eclectic (but down-to-earth), Upbeat, Friendly, Inexpensive, Near-healthy (see menu), Kid-friendly, Fast, Clean, Variety.What more could one ask for?
2	Okay, sorry guys..but I was NOT impressed. Just happened to be in the neighborhood...so I decided to go to Chin's because I could sit outside. I ordered the lettuce wraps and the fried rice. The meat in the wraps was sub-standard and reminded me of dog food. The sauce was pretty much the only good part. The fried rice was described to have veggies and shrimp and crab...when it came out, it was so obviously KRAB. Ugh. I won't be wasting my money again.
4	Chin's is my go-to "fast food" stop in my neighborhood. I fell in love with Chin's when I was living across the street from their downtown location.I usually go with a selection from the kid's menu, the Smiling Lotus Plate. A battered chicken breast with your choice of sauce (lemon, sweet & sour, and teriyaki - though I'm sure you can pick any sauce, these are just the kid-friendly flavors), choice of rice (white or brown), two cream cheese puffs, a chocolate-coated fortune cookie, and soda or milk, all for $4.17 including tax.The SLP is by far the best deal around for my thrifty needs. The adult entrees cost twice as much, and though they offer more meat, they do not include any of the other goodies. One chicken breast is plenty for me. Despite being inexpensive, the chicken is fairly good quality - I've never had any gross bits (like the weird slimy string you find in chicken tenders at a lot of places). Occasionally the rice is on the dry side, but that's why man invented sauce.Though 9 times out of 10 I opt for the Smiling Lotus Plate (with lemon sauce & white rice, if you're wondering), occasionally I'll get the Sesame Chicken. Lots of chicken, plenty of rice, two meals easy.
1	I'm confused why anyone would choose to go here.  To be clear, my expectations were that it would be an all Asian version of Noodles & Co.  Cheap, decent, fresh food.  Cheap - yepDecent - noFresh - maybe at one pointI ordered the Thai curry noodles.  Not impressed.  I've never tasted something that claimed to be curry with so little flavor.  My vegetables were obviously charred and they still sent me the dish.  Yuck.  My boyfriend ordered the teriyaki udon, and the noodles were too skinny to be udon with the same flavor issues.  Not even the chili garlic sauce did much to it.  Chin's - good concept, but a waste of money even at $6.
2	Ashley V said it best "why would anyone choose to go here?" I am still traveling, and the indignities of the Midwest continue. I didn't think it was cheap. I knew I was not going to get real Chinese food, I knew I was coming in to get a pseudo version of Americanized Chinese food. My first indication that I was not in Peking, was the Hispanic girl struggling to understand my English ordering and the POS system which was also in English. Damn oppressive society.Anyway, I really should not disparage global initiative the restaurant is embracing. We are all going to be working for Indian companies, as Obama went specifically to India to procure 15 million jobs to alleviate the unemployment crisis in this country. I welcome TATA motors and their cardboard framed cars. I digress.....Rosa, or whatever her name was, with the help of her friend, Miguel (probably not his name, and he was clearly only working there because it was too cold for his primary profession, that being a jockey) managed to screw up my order twice, overcharged me twice and never apologized. Almost thought I was in Los Angeles again.The cream cheese puffs were soggy, greasy and about as far from "puffy" as one could get. The chicken was white, but it was also fatty and grisly.The Thai spring rolls were not bad flavor but they too were greasy and not very crispy. The fried rice was disgusting, just a greasy mush of dirty looking rice, mushrooms and egg. Finally, the pot stickers, ah the pot stickers, they should have stuck to the pot. The filling was some processed mash of something, while the outside was supposed to have been lightly pan fried, let's emphasize the word "lightly."This is not very good Asian food. I would suggest that there must be a better choice in Madison. I am sure there are Asians in Madison. I have not seen them, but somewhere in this land must lay a pocket of Asians. There is a university, with a math and an engineering department . There has to be Asians somewhere, I would suggest to find them, and ask them where to eat. I am sure Chin's would not be on their list.
1	For what it is, a fast food Americanized Oriental restaurant, it's not overly bad, as long as you don't order shrimp.Service: I've never had a problem here. While not always the most outgoing service, they are friendly. My order is always ready in a decent amount of time. I've never dined in, so I won't comment on atmosphere.Their menu and nutritional info is easily accessed on line. For the most part, I've had OK experiences with the food selections. I don't expect spectacular food from this place, it is, after all, 'Fast Food' from a restaurant chain. It's nothing really special. However, today I had an experience that sort of turned my stomach a bit. I ordered a Shrimp and Veggie Stir fry to go. When I got back to work and went to dig in, I was a little disgusted to find that the shrimp were not deveined prior to cooking. For those of you who don't know what that means: The Shrimp's digestive track (seen as a dark brown 'vein' along the spine of the shrimp) wasn't removed, which means that the digestive track and it's contents were left in place. Yes, I know it's not horrible to eat it, but if you know what it is, it can turn your stomach. I assumed that a restaurant such as this would devein shrimp prior to cooking. I pulled all the shrimp and deveined them myself, but I'd already lost my appetite. I did put the shrimp aside and ate some of the brown rice and veggies, but with my stomach already feeling a bit nauseous, that didn't go well. So now I'm left with an $8 meal sitting on my desk (soon to hit the garbage) with only about 1/8th of it consumed and having to find an alternative for lunch. Lesson learned, if I'm craving a good stir fry with shrimp, shell out the extra cash for PF Changs.**** I thought eventually I'd go back, but I haven't been since then. We had some of their food catered in for work, it was overcooked, rubbery, and chewy. yeah, next time I'll get my own lunch.
2	I've definitely had better. The overall quality of all the food....veggies and chicken, was definitely poor. I ate it but will definitely not go there again!
3	My husband and I went out here on our date night. Walking through the door we instantly thought Noodles and Co. due to the menu layout on the wall. It being our first time here we made it through the typical awkward stage of processing the scene to figure out how to order and the drink situation.(they have a soda fountain that is hard to see to the left)   My husband was very satisfied with the place but I'm still a little reserved. I got the stirfry which was okay. I think the crunchy vegetables were the best. The stir fry sauce was a little bland for my liking. As usual my husband shared with me a piece of his sesame chicken and I instantly got jealous. I wanted his plate. LOL For two people w drinks two appetizers (2 spring rolls, 3 cream cheese puffs) plus each upgrading to 10 ingredient fried rice $1.75 it to $27 and change. We had a living social coupon for $20 my husband still wants to come back but if I do I'm ordering off the classic menu as he did. Live and learn I guess. :) A plus, they have an outside patio.
4	After going to the Chin's on State St. I was pretty sure I'd never go to Chin's again. But this location is close to my work and a coworker invited me. Perhaps I am also weak?Anyway I was pleasantly surprised to find that, for whatever reason, the food here seemed much better. It could maybe be argued that the noodles are a little heavy on the sauce, but everything else seemed fine. The tofu and veggies are well prepared and chewable (not the case on State St!) and really that's all I need.In addition the staff is always pleasant and the food comes out quickly.
5	We LOVE this place. Food is excellent, service fast, huge portions, reasonable prices. Egg drop soup, spring rolls, bourbon chicken with veg fried rice--fantastic. You will not be sorry you visited. On nice evenings or lunches, eat outside .
3	The food was alright, the service was alright, the portion size was generous, the prices was alright. 3 stars for a decent place to grab food if you're in a hurry, but nothing special.
2	I was in the area.  I was about to go to Pho Nam but decided to try Chins.  My first impression was that this was a lot like Noodles and company with a Chinese decor.  It fell short in ambiance and flavor for me.I ordered the Thai Noodles.Thai Noodles: wide Asian noodles with bok choy, red onions, pea pods, and waterchestnuts in coconut curry with Thai seasonings, garnished with lime,red pepper, and sprouts.I didn't feel like this had a lot of flavor.  It was barely coconut curry and actually had a flavor that was different from anything I have ever had before.   The vegetable were fresh and the portion was good.My overall experience was so so but I still ended up having a good time because I was able to witness an exchange between some people that was something like a scene out of the movie Slacker by Linklater.  What happened is a person came in and recognized an old classmate.  They were friendly and greeted the other person with a hearty, "Hey! How have you been."  The other person didn't recognize them.  He introduced himself and then they knew who he was but they were completely distant and uninterested.  It was awkward.  A true cringe moment.  Some people can be so cold and insensitive.  It went on for about 5 minutes and really made my stop there interesting. There were a lot of people here from what it looked like they were on lunch from nearby businesses.
3	Much like it's former State Street counterpart, this place used to be awesome. The food is still good, but it's not so fast anymore and the ingredients seem to be a bit skimpy. My 10 Ingredient Fried Rice had about 4 shrimp. Lame. Still - it's all delicious. But I never used to have to wait 15 minutes and it all-around used to be shinier.
5	We love Asia Fresh. bourbon chicken with veg fried rice-perfect. Take away done quickly. service great. Great price.
4	We did takeout from here and both thought our dinners were awesome.  We ordered: - Chicken wings with Sesame Szechuan sauce (you can get them with any stir fry sauce choice)- Hot and sour soup- Thai spring rolls- Sesame chicken- Sweet and sour chicken. Then we got stuck in rush hour/post blizzard traffic and had a 40 minute commute home.  We were both impressed how well the food held up after that amount of time! The flavor of the wings was good, but they were obviously no longer hot.  Next time we will try those when we dine in.   Everything else had lots of heat and flavor.  The hot and sour soup looked different than any other I have eaten, but it was still good and plenty hot.  I did not detect much sour in it, my only small complaint.  We both felt we had more than enough food for $23, and the quality was great.  We will definitely go back.  I am actually a little shocked at all the bad reviews on this place after our dining experience.  Not sure if they have improved things or we just hit it on a good night.  Service was fast, friendly and accurate...no complaints there.
4	The food here is quite good actually. Not 5 star restaurant quality but for the price and service, it's decent. The staff was friendly and I didn't wait long in line. The teriyaki chicken and cream puffs are my favorites and even though the chocolate covered fortune cookie was meant for little kids, I still have the balls to ask for one lol. Overall, not a bad choice at all.Oh and I'll say it straight off the bat, this place is not authentic asian food. But for what it is (which is pan asian fast food), it did not disappoint me.
4	Fast food Chinese is generally not that exciting, but I must say this place really was quite impressive. Very fresh tasting ingredients with a lot of good flavors, all served hot and with a smile. What more could you ask for?
2	A fast-casual spin-off of a Minnesota-based, fast-food Chinese-American chain that likewise serves nothing special, Chin's gets one star for being the only Asian-American place I know of in Dane County that serves fried cream cheese wontons without crabmeat. I require a side dish of epinephrine if I eat crab, so I appreciate this omission. Now that I have established that I go here just for the cream cheese puffs, it should be clear that I'm far from an expert on Asian food. So take the rest of my review with a grain of salt; there should be plenty to spare in your entree. I used to think this place was ok -- it still has plenty of variety, a very friendly staff, good chili-garlic sauce, decent potstickers, above-average lettuce wraps, no grisly or fatty pieces of meat -- but lately the preparation has been sloppy and the presentation just as bad. I suspect the quality of the ingredients has come down a notch. After cream cheese wontons, Pad Thai is one of my favorite Asian entrees. My last order looked like Goldilocks's porridge in the "Three Little Bears" Golden Book I had as a kid. Dull gray, soupy, greasy, salty and watery, yet somehow sticky. The chopped peanuts added no crunch at all, which is too bad because other than the chicken pieces I picked through the mess to find, I was hoping to find something else edible. Epic fail on this entree. On my next visit, I ordered the Firecracker noodles with chicken, as a side to my beloved wontons. Slight improvement from last time but still salty as the Dead Sea and enough grease to de-squeak every door hinge on the west side. The bag was so heavy I skipped my biceps workout for a week. The red peppers had no life left. Again, I hunted and pecked for the chicken, which is consistently decent-quality, well-prepared white meat. My wife's veggie fried rice would have been ok -- they ease up on the salt and Valvoline for this entree -- but the vegetables were overcooked and charred in places. Fresh veggies should present as a bright spectrum of colors -- orange from the carrots, bright green from the scallions, broccoli and pea pods, yellow from the corncobettes. Instead, however, they were the same brown color as the fried rice. My last fortune cookie said I'll probably return to Chin's. It's on the way home from work, the food comes out fast and I can't resist those damn cream cheese wontons. Maybe I'll throw in some potstickers or wraps and call it dinner.
4	I like that I can add items to a base entree to make it my own.  I love the Thai peanut lo mein.  the noodles were easy to eat (they were cut shorter).
1	We tried to order for delivery because we are 4 miles away. On their menu it says $15 minimum. We called to place the order and we were told today it's a $75 minimum. We found that insane so never ordered.
4	I always get the lemon chicken and it's delicious! Nice light batter and very crispy with a good amount of sauce. The potstickers are also very good.
1	Only thing less disappointing then the food is the staff.   Ordered Chin Wings, Hot & Sour soup and Sesame Chicken to go.. What I get in return is Chin Wings with the wrong stir fry sauce, a cup of hot & sour and lemon chicken.  They charged me for what I ordered, yet they still refused a refund me or to replace my food.. Avoid this place like the plague.
1	The food was decent.  But yet again, the staff managed to screw my order up and ended up charging me more then what I should of payed for.
3	We come here a lot and the food is never consistent. Sometimes it's really salty. Other times it's too spicy or not spicy enough. There must be several different cooks because the sauce is never the same either. We still like the adventure of what we may get today. Stop for quick bite on the way home. If you tried it and didn't like it you may want to try again, you may be surprised at how much better or different the next time may be. The servers here are friendly enough but some times they difficult to read. Place is not always clean but it's clean enough. I don't like the fact that some of the tables are falling apart but there is always customers here so they must be doing something right.
1	This is poor quality ingredients in a fast food, order at counter from the wall and they'll give you a number and bring it to you. Staff was sullen. Noodles were greasy and flavorless as were the spring rolls. Won't go back. I will say that the place looked clean.
3	Yelped this place while in Madison for business.  Ordered the chicken Szechuan stir fry and the 3 wing (Hunan) app.  Now let me preface this review with the fact that I am from flushing queens and that means I know Chinese food!The food here was surprisingly fresh  the veggies were crisp and tasty. They didnt drown the food in sauce and The rice was good too. I didn't expect the food to be as good as it was because I didn't think a franchise could deliver good tasting Chinese cuisine. They did a good job.I have definitely had better stir fry  but this spot came through with a good dish. I would go back if I find myself in this hood again. I'd recommend to give it a try
