5	Your inner artist has been dyeing to get out! Explore some of the most eclectic venues, galleries, and spaces that downtown Phoenix has to offer. Everyone knows the heart of the Phoenix First Friday experience happens around Roosevelt and 5th street, but feel free to check out many of the surrounding business' who get in on the action too. Places like Civic Space Park and Crescent Ballroom, or Bliss /ReBAR and Turf Irish Pub.Savvy Yelpers know to park somewhere along Portland street and 5th street - just north of where all the action happens; although any parking close to Roosevelt between 2nd and 7th street will get you close to the action. Don't forget that metered spots in downtown are free after 5pm and all day Saturday and Sunday. The super savvy just grab a Light Rail ride, hop off at the Roosevelt stop, and head east by foot.It's fun to hang around people watching, stop in for a coffee or a crepe at JoBot coffee shop, or stop by one of the public exhibitions of live music happenings you can usually find. I wouldn't be surprised to find an impromptu drum circle in the makings, or a home baker selling their delightful cupcakes and goodies for a few bucks and a high five! Heck, they'll even sell you two for a couple more bucks and two high fives.Tour the many individual galleries and wait for your mind to be melted by some of the most fantastic and off the wall pieces you'll see; most pieces done by local artists. It's ok to just go and look, they really don't mind. In fact, I haven't spent a dime on a piece of art during my few ventures to FF, but I have spent plenty of dimes on everything else that's happening.Cruise over to the normally vacant lot on Roose between 4th and 5th street to find yourself in a space that gets transformed into a food truck and trinket vendor's paradise. Taco's, check. Hot Dogs, check. Burger, check. Coffee, check. I think you get the picture.Don't forget your comfy shoes, bring your friends, and have fun! Honestly, what else are you going to do on a Friday night in Phoenix? See a movie or go clubbing?Happy Yelping Phoenix, I'll see you at First Friday's!
2	I gave this event a low score becuase it was my first time experiencing it so I was in a bit of a culture shock. My hometown did events like this and it attracted the same high school angsters, hipsters, acid tripping rock heads too. The vendures were all very unique and a few I would actually buy from. The crowds surronding were just really scary and a little too much for me to handle. I would go back when it cools down a bit and post up a resturant and listen to some music and drink.
5	If you're an artsy fartsy type of dude or chick then you will love First Friday's...There's a little something for the artist in every one. Say you have little ones, the Children's Museum has free admission though it can get crazy crowded! Get there early. If you're a science geek then you should check out the monthly ANO at the Science Center. If you love visual art you should walk into some of the galleries along Roosevelt, including Monorchid and Modified. The Phoenix Art Museum is also free on the first Friday of every month. If music is your thing then you will love the street performances by local musicians of all kinds. Be sure to stop over and see who is playing at a Crescent Ballroom, another favourite venue of mine. If you want great craft beer to loosen you up before you tackle the first Friday crowd then stop in at the Leaf. They've opened up a beer garden in back just for you! You could also try Angels Trumpet Ale House. You might be hungry and tired after all that exploring downtown so stop at Carly's Bistro and grab a greek salad and more beer! Or if sushi is more your thing try Mido! Both places are open late. Parking can be a mother. Ride your bike or take the rail if you have the option. Find life downtown again!
5	Great "free" event!  Bring donation money for the Phoenix Museum, Ollie the Trolley, and food and drinks.  Maybe some cash if you spot a piece of art that you must have from the several Art galleries or street artist.  I parked at the Phoenix Museum, took in the museum pieces and then used Ollie the Trolley to get me down to Roosevelt.  That is where all the art is.  Just be prepared for the crowds of people, street musicians, and loud music.  Lets not forget the random Bible preachers and Vegan fliers being passed out.  Several galleries of art is open to view and buy.  Plenty of street art is also available, I must say the robot sculptures were interesting to me.  Even more interesting to another First Friday Attendee as I saw him walking around with the Robot statue that doubled as a toilet paper dispenser.  That is part of the "fun" art to be had here.I also noted a vendor that used old instruments, such a a trumpet or violin and re purposed them as table lamps.  Some other interesting galleries had blown glass art, with usable glasses and dishes to huge statues and metal sculptures.  Pottery pieces can be had as well and traditional paint on canvas.  I also noted various shirts and other artistic pieces to represent your ideas on display.Seriously a large event full of music, art, food, and various things to buy and look at.  Great experience and a chance to see Phoenix art at its freshest.  I am sure these are the developed artist and the up and coming artist in Arizona.  This is a great chance to see it first hand.
4	Music. Art. Food trucks! Woo-hoo!And we bought a robot! His name is Norton. He's made of tin cans and such...My husband and I had a great time!
3	Any Yelper worth their salt knows First Fridays were way cooler when traffic on Roosevelt was closed off, and galleries moonlighting as venues like Modified Arts were in their prime. Gone are the days of actual art walks and modest, intimate live music. The novelty of urban culture and postmodern sophistication as a break from suburban strip malls has been diluted into a hollow, passive existence. Why spend your evening in a restaurant with 'gourmet' food trucks at your disposal? Why engage professional art when you can just watch some brat from Art Institute attempt to justify their $80,000 in tuition? But even as the quality of art and music wanes, such as the mellow timbre of a trumpet to the wooooob wooooob of dubstep, I feel First Friday has some redeeming factors that people who aren't familiar with the CenPho scene should check out. Scottsdale snobs are parking their Porsche and riding the rail. Bros in Metal Mulisha tees stop shotgunning Keystone and pick up craft beers with curiosity. First Friday funnels activity from what are normally more happening roads than Roosevelt, and channels it into a crowd brimming with interest and creative energy. Local businesses are making BANK (super important), and I hope the trend continues until all the bustling is a typical weekend. First Friday is still a-ok with me. Come with an open mind, and get ready for an adventure!
3	I remember First Fridays when it was a bus of people that went around to local artist's houses to see their work... yes that was long ago. But, I hadn't been since it became what it is today and I love what it has become! I now have a mental wish list of artwork I want to purchase and enjoyed filling my belly with food truck fare! I think everyone should check it out at least once to see what Phoenix's art scene has to offer.
4	We just happened upon First Friday in Phoenix last week as we had plans to meet at 8 PM with a wedding party after their rehearsal.  I loved it!  I was dying for some "local" eclectic shopping options and this little whim of a decision allowed me to score two adorable tops - one at the Happy Hippy and a Positive Thinking T-Shirt.  What a wonderful option for exploring and enjoying downtown Phoenix the first weekend of the month! I know that Indy has this too so I may have to check it out in my hometown but if you are in the area, don't miss this group of artists, musicians and local business owners touting their wares for you to enjoy.  I would have spent hours longer here but my hubby was dying of beer thirst.In any case, I love the finds I found and have already been wearing them a ton!  Thanks PHX for a great first impression!
4	One of my absolute favorite hobbies is people watching followed closely by enjoying the creativity of others (as well as indulging my own creative side).  First Friday's is the best of both of those 2 personal favorites.  [3rd Friday's are still my favorite for gallery explorations.]There are people galore especially when the weather is nice.  I either love going early (before 8p) or after 9:30/10 [things close up around midnight]. Between those times even for me the people watcher, there can be too many people to really enjoy the scene. There are several galleries, warehouse art and performance spaces and impromptu pop-up entertainers through downtown Phoenix.  Mostly centered around Roosevelt St, between 7th St and Central it also extends to several locations within a 2 mile radius (several areas on Grand Ave).  Several of the historic homes and buildings in the Roosevelt area spring to life with galleries, vintage clothing, bookstores, bars and restaurants.  Several lots host food trucks and craft vendors. So much to look at and explore.  You never know what you will find.
5	the first time i came to this event when i moved out here, it was crazy! i was so enamored with the lack of scottsdale types, i considered moving downtown. then the event kind of changed and i didn't go back for years. my things are different. with food truck courts, local handicraft courts, and more venues than ever being opened, along with a strong security presence (which i appreciate), first friday is darn cool again! soap boxers, drum kit circles, and throngs of people enjoying downtown phoenix, it's a pleasure to visit again. this is the first time we took the light rail down and that helped with the parking situation. normally we head down there kind of early, like 5 or 6pm to get a good parking space. there is so much to see and do and people watch. things started winding down around 10pm, but a few places remain open late into the night. a great free entertainment activity for everyone!
5	First Fridays has grown into itself in the past 8 years I've been living in the valley. What used to be a boring stroll through various galleries has now become a multitude of art, crafts, music, food, and brings people from all walks of life. There is so much more participation from vendors and businesses that it brings more of us out to support our local community! A win win!
4	If your looking for a way to explore some of the downtown art exhibits, First Friday is a great way to enjoy it.  On the first Friday of each month the area around Roosevelt and between Central and 5th street closes and the art galleries open their doors for all to peruse their featured artist. Throw in some street vendors with almost every type of jewelry, t-shirt and clothes you could imagine. Add in some food trucks, mix and enjoy some great art!Plan on getting there early so you can find a place to park.
5	First Friday is one of the main reasons I recently moved downtown.  I love the crowd, the live music, the street vendors and of course the art.I saw a band called The Heathers, while it was all covers they actually gave me chills.
5	What can I say that has not already been said? I have lived in Phoenix a little over a year and just recently had the pleasure of attending a first Friday. Being that I have social anxiety I was really nervous to go to this event because I knew there would be crowds! However, I went with a great group of people and had a blast! It was the best experience I have had in AZ since moving here. I highly recommend anyone to attend this event. The music, the art, the people are all worth it and the best part is you don't have to spend a dime if you don't want to! Only thing I would say is because it is so crowded and there were a couple of run ins with some drunks I would not bring my 8 year old daughter along with me. Definitely a great way to spend a Friday night!
5	So many different vendors, artists, snacks. And, since the last time I went, there's now a designated area for the food vendors which makes it very convenient for deciding what to eat and seeing everything at once.  I bought some art the last time I went. It was from an artist that makes art out of used tin cans from the food he prepares and serves to homeless people.  So great.I like that Roosevelt is monitored with police crossing guards. And it's fenced off so people don't jaywalk and hold up traffic. Nice to have that so traffic can still get through.It's good Phoenix moved their parking meters back to normal 8-5 M-F so you don't have to pay at the meters for night time things like First Friday.I had Q Up! BBQ. Some of the best BBQ in the area. They won a contest held in Las Vegas this year (2013).  Well deserved. I had the sampler platter.  Price was more than I wanted, but the food and serving amount was just right for the cost. There are too many teens and pre-teens there these days that just loiter and don't really buy anything except food.  The police presence is nice though, no need to worry about vagrants and gang banger wannabes there.
4	I enjoyed myself the first time I came out to first Friday's. It was interesting  to see an array of different artist and vendors. I will be sad when I go back home to Minnesota and won't get experience this anymore.
4	It was quite a turnout on Friday at Downtown phoenix. Lots of people and a number of food trucks from wood fire pizza places to burger joints to grilled cheese trucks and variety hot dog stands.My favorite was by Chi-town dogz serving scrumptious veggie hot dogs. Add a bit of ghost pepper sauce and man you got one HOT dog (pun intended) ;)If you want more info on the veggie dog stand schedule then hit up Stewart Meadows on Facebook to connect. It's a shame that it ended early -- would have been great to hit up those trucks late night! Until next first Friday...cheers!
2	Smells like teen spirit? No I say more like teen BO. The skinnyI have lived downtown most of my life and really wouldn't have it any other way I love the architecture and community for art downtown. I first heard about the first Friday events when I was working at the burton Barr library and was a fan of going out to support local artist. Most of the works that are in galleries or shops are too expensive but great to look at, most of the street art is crap and looks to be almost a joke or someone pretending to be an artist to make a quick buck. The funny thing to me is to always see some teen with a free hugs sign on or someone arguing for religion, animal rights and marijuana. Save your pamphlets as I recycle them, the vendors are not really reasonable about prices ur typical 3$ waters and over prices food trucks are always out there I paid 2$ for a sweet tea that I hope was tea and not just funny tasting water from a vendor called chillin b's. I honestly don't know how that dude makes money that was the worse tasting drink I ever had. There are some cool spots to buy some tshirt and other stuff which is cool but honestly everything is way overpriced here. Wait till winter as the heat will make any event the worse.
