5	Holy pa-hey-sesus.  This is the biggest Crate and Barrel that I have ever visited.  The furniture dept is wonderful, I really like their lighting and they have some really nice dining room tables.  The furniture is high quality and the prices are reasonable.  (I think the employees were a little concerned that I was ohing and ahing as I touched the furniture).  I could spend days in the housewares dept.  I love their glassware, cookware and gadgets.  I never visit this store without taking home something!  I would have thrown my clothing out of my suitcase, if I had to, to make room for my wonderful new purchases!  Crate and Barrel, you make this girl very happy!
4	When I was little and my parents would take me to a furniture store, I would ditch them, find a living room arrangement I fancied, and play house. Yea. You heard me. I would pretend I was Samantha from Bewitched. Sitting in my Queen Ann chair, waiting for Darren to come home from Tate Advertising, so I could smother him with my bewitching kisses. Then I would twitch my nose, move to the bedroom area, and well, the rest is a little PG 13 so I'll leave it up to your imagination. This Crate and Barrel, indeed, has a fabulous furniture selection. I love it more than Pottery Barn (too shabby chic), Restoration Hardware (more hardware than furniture) and more than Z Gallery (too much purple crap and Melrose meets a brothel type stuff). Not to mention all the other goodies from dishes to pillows to glassware. Crate and Barrel strikes the perfect balance between contemporary stying, fair prices and quality. So, if you ever see me, talking to myself, while lounging on a chaise here, you'll know what's up.
5	I enjoy going to both crate and barrel stores in the Valley,  This one is great if you want to compare against Pottery Barn,  which I find there is no comparison.  The designs are superb, timely, and the staff is friendly and full of personality.  While my budget has not afforded furniture pieces to date, I have purchased many accessories and art pieces, etc.  I found a blue Polish Misa vase on sale for $24.95 which was over 50% off.  Wonderful piece and very sturdy.  Also found a mirror for the bedroom-very contemporary and I'm sure it will fit my decor for many years.  Plus I told the staff how much I love their merchandise and they offered me a job application.  I look forward to many additional purchases at this store and hope I can soon start purchasing furtiture pieces.
4	Anyone searching for seating benches?  Trying to add one to an already existing (expandable) dining table, so that you can have more space when necessary since you don't want to add more random chairs (or store them)?  Dual use, we can push the bench to an empty wall to decoratively hold books or odds n' ends when not in dining holiday use...  It's a difficult search!... the best options were Cost Plus (limited, smaller sizes), Pottery Barn (most variety, finishes and sizes), and finally ending our hunt at Crate and Barrel (beautiful solid wood, mult sizes)!
4	Love their Kitchen and Food, Bed & Bath, & Decorating & Accessories items, ok maybe everything they offer.  I love my redish with black accents dinner set.  Had to get all the serving dishes too.  Love the stainless steel pots, I need to get another one soon.  And the cast iron dutchoven.  Love my Marimekko bath towels (blue/green circles).  Their reversible green bath towels are my favorite.  Wish my backyard is done soon, so I can add patio furniture.  Yes, the prices are a bit high but just love their stuff.
5	I'm surprised I haven't written a review for this place. I got married in 2008 and we had one of our wedding registries here. When I first moved in with my husband (at the time, boyfriend), we came here very often since it was down the street and we bought just about everything here. I really like that a lot of the items there are from Europe or some exotic place. Most of my hand blown glass are from Italy and they're beautiful. I got quite a bit of gift cards for this place from our wedding and we went to town, buying tons of things here. During the holidays, I find myself perusing this place and just buying little things here and there. I love the champagne and wine glasses and got quite a bit of them. The customer service is really great here and I haven't had a bad experience here *knock on wood* I just came here again to buy some things for an upcoming house warming party and I just can't wait until I can fully furnish my place with Crate and Barrel.
5	Outstanding! After hitting almost every furniture and home store in the area, I can say that this one outshines them all. I can't believe the number of stores I visited that have rude and unhelpful staff. Because of the negative experiences, I pretty much decided to just buy something on the internet. By chance, I stumbled upon the Scottsdale Crate and Barrel and was impressed by the helpfulness of the sales people. I can't say enough about my experience there. Amber, Alex, and Susan were wonderful! They answered all my questions about the furniture and I ended up buying a sofa and a number of kitchen and home items. As a rule, I don't consider myself loyal to any particular store, but I have to say that they have made me a loyal customer! As long as they have such great sales people, they will definitely continue to get my business.
3	01/17/13Nice to look around, but I doubt I'd be shopping here without a gift certificate!  I've held onto a certificate for ten years now, so I decided I'd see what I could find.  Spent a couple of hours trying to gather a few things and found:Two- 7 oz. Le Parfait terrine jars (cool!), $5.95 each.Two- 22 oz. Portland beer glasses (they look like a cross between pilsner and wheat beer glasses), $4.95 each.A Floating grey wall clock (returning this one, as the second-hand watch keeps catching at a particular spot), on sale for $14.95.Mini-milk bottle, 6.5 oz, with a silicone lid that slips on, $6.95.A Bergen salad plate, $8.95.  There were still leftover holiday items on clearance, so you may find something you like.  Found a few bedding sets I wouldn't mind sleeping on, but a bit too pricey for me.  Nice furniture too, but, again, very pricey.  ($2200 for a minimalist-style accent chair??  I must admit, though, that it looked well-built and made-to-last.)  I really liked some of the glassware, but now that I've had a chance to wash one of the glasses I unwrapped, I don't know if I'll be going back for more anytime soon.  I already plan on returning the unwrapped one.  (The first is still intact, but I felt like I could easily break it while handwashing!)Service was friendly.  p.s.  Check out the St. Valentine's Day-themed coffeeware behind the counter-- the large espresso cup (or the child-sized) was so adorable!  Hmm... maybe I'll find more to add to my coffee mug collection on my return visit!  :)
4	The one thing I love about coming to Crate & Barrel, is to watch them wrap things!Someone told me that there's an old Jimmy Fallon skit, called Crate in a Barrel.  It purports to show the OCD lengths employees go to wrap something, so it will not break on your way home.  I love the concept.  I only wish we've had movers over the years who showed the same skill set.This store is one of their modern two story varieties, with bedding and furniture downstairs,  Upstairs, they have a wedding planners dream.  Or, is it a Bride's dream list.  No matter, they have an electronic wedding registry here.  All very cool if you are planning your big day, or if you want to restock the kitchen or house after the kids moved out.  LOLThey have glassware, stemware, plates, dishes, knives, runners for the table and just about every kitchen gadget known.  I love their soups in a box, sauces and the mojito starter kit.  Just add crushed mint leaves.  Last week we purchased some closeouts. The pickup door is located conveniently outside near the Starbucks.
4	These folks saved my Christmas list with the courtesy of Free Shipping! Great sales, nice selections and helpful staff.
4	We worked with Helen, who was great at explaining the different aspects of the various furniture styles. They currently have a comfy and versatile outdoor/patio double chaise  that can be configured into various seating arrangements- very unique!The kitchen items are great here. Our wedding registry was from Crate and Barrel, and all of our items have stood the test of time. They also have more seasonal wares. I especially love this season's bunny serving platter. So cute!We ordered some patio furniture, taking advantage of a special free delivery deal they were running. The day before, the delivery company called to give us the 2 hour window block. The day of the delivery, the driver called us to give us an ETA, which I appreciated. Set up was fast and effortless, and the delivery guys were very friendly and courteous.
