5	Love this place. Cute, quiet, and relaxing.
5	Shane Duckworth is my stylist and has been for 1.5 years. On Sat May 3rd I went in to do a dramatic change by deciding to cut my hair short. Shane did an AMAZING job! She cut about a 6 inch pony tail and an additional 2 inches while layering. I am in LOVE with my new hair and could not have asked for a better stylist. She took her time and really focused on making it cute and it turned out wonderful.  She also highlighted which she always does a great job at. Im so happy with Shane and her cute little salon at M.E.
5	Just stopped in to check it out and see if they could give me a quick wax. Allison had an opening and squeezed me in just like that! She was super friendly, the salon is really well decorated and the price was the standard for underarm wax in Charlotte.I'll definitely go back and check out other services too, thanks Allison!
5	Krystal gives the most amazing facials in a relaxed environment. I feel like a new woman every time I visit he and have seen great improvements in my complexion.
5	Krystal is AMAZING. She gives the best facials, period. I don't know why you are reading this, when you could be having a facial right now!!! Go. Get one! You will be so happy you did! And Amy. Ah, Amy. My hair, it loves her. Yours will too
5	Krystal gave me my first facial . I thought my skin was fine until I saw how it could and should look like after Krystals  worked hr magic. My skin was so soft clear and glowing. Literally had 3 people ask what makeup I used after cuz my skin looked so great and I said none! The room was super cozy and relaxing . She was super thourough~cleansed exfloiated toned steamed extracted masqued masaged and used some device that cleared all my blemishes....She is a natural at what she does and will leave u feeling beautiful.
5	I have suffered with acne and clogged pores for years. I got a Livingsocial deal for a facial and was skeptical because nothing has ever worked. However, Krystal Bason knows what's up! She was FANTASTIC. She recommended homeopathic products I could use to clear up my skin and she didn't push a bunch of overpriced salon products on me. She read my skin very well and knew exactly what would fix it. She even texted me a couple days later to check in on me. I am definitely coming back!
