5	This is a great dentists office.  I have had the pleasure of visiting Dr. Hoods office for the past three years and the service, professionalism, and friendliness of the staff has never changed.  Dr. Hood has decades of experience in all aspects of dental science and is always expanding his knowledge base to be on the cutting edge.  When you add into that, that the office maintains a very old school family practice feel, its the perfect melding of both worlds, old and new.  Located just south of 16th and Camelback, you will have no problem finding the building.  More important, you will not have a problem working with the scheduling of the front office as they are always finding ways to get people in and out and make special accommodations to fit all schedules.Once you are in the care of Dr. Hood and his loyal staff, many of whom have been with him for multiple years, you will have no need to look elsewhere.
5	By far the best dentist I have ever had. Its too bad I'm at San Francisco now. Dr. Hood and staff are super friendly and easy to work with. Dr. Hood is gentle and effective. He is attentive to problems and always listens before he drills!
5	Dr Hood is the best!! He is very gentle, understands my crazy dentist phobia and is just a super nice guy. I found him about a year and a half ago and have had some pretty major dental work with him. I will never go anywhere else.
1	I had been going to this dentist for over a year when I realized it was time to switch.  The problems in a nutshell: not gentle, not thorough!  Unfortunately, this was to the detriment of my dental health.Dr. Hood noticed I had inflammation on one of my gums during a regular visit, and he prescribed some steroids.  I did not use them as I avoid that kind of thing, and I figured there was a cause and the steroids would just be helping with the symptoms.  The inflammation went away on its own but came back a few months later.  The next time I went in, I told them about it.  They did nothing.As well, I had fillings twice.  When I had them done, they put a block in my mouth to hold my mouth open wider.  I have a hard time opening wide - it really hurts my jaw.  One time the dentist did that, when he finished I almost couldn't re-close my jaw.  That's when I realized I had the wrong dentist.I switched to another dentist - female that also works on children.  They never need a block to work on my teeth, and never hurt my jaw like that.Now the big deal is this: At the new dentist, they found I had a large amount of plaque built up under the gum that had been getting inflamed.  It was obvious the previous dentist hadn't been getting it cleaned and it had been building up for a long time.  They found two spots where this had happened.  Too bad for me, it caused my bone to regress in those area, and they said it won't grow back.Now I know - a bad dentist is a really big deal!
