5	I've been going to Dr. Falcon for a few years now and I have to say she's just great. I have worn contacts for decades but when I moved to Arizona I had the hardest time finding an eye doctor that could find contacts that would work for me. I had one doctor actually give up on me after trying several different pairs - I still couldn't see and he sent me packing!Luckily I finally found Dr. Falcon. She really takes the time to talk to you, always does a thorough exam and is willing to do what it takes to get you the perfect fit. Plus, you can tell she really enjoys what she does and is very knowledgeable about eyes and eye care - which really makes a difference in my book. Her office staff is always friendly and helpful as well. Even though I only go in once a year they always remember me and give me personal service. I have recommended Dr. Falcon to several people and continue to do so. You can't go wrong with her, particularly if you have hard-to-fit contacts.
5	Dr. Falcon is the best! This was my second visit to her in the past 2 years and I will keep going back to her. Not only is she extremely knowledgeable and professional, she is extremely friendly as well. I have never had a doctor give me the one-on-one attention Dr. Falcon gives me. It's truly amazing. Her office staff is awesome as well. I got fitted for contact lenses today and the woman assisting me was extremely patient and extremely helpful. Last time she also helped me pick out glasses and gave me her honest opinion as far as what looked good and what didn't look good. She also knows the various insurance plans very well! As far as their frames, they have many designer frames to choose from, which are all up to speed with today's styles. If you're looking for a new eye doctor, look no further! Dr. Falcon is simply the best!
5	You know that poofy eye test that scares the crap out of you? That will never happen to you at Falcon Family Eye Care. Dr. Falcon has the latest technologies that keep you from flinching anytime you get an eye exam. Additionally she's extremely knowledgeable but very warm and friendly.Last but not least you have a wonderful front desk team that want to make sure your every need is met. I walked around trying on glasses for a good 45 minutes and together we found the best pair for my facial shape.I've been going to Falcon Family Eye Care for about 3 or 4 years now. I truly would not go anywhere else. After I moved to Phoenix I still make that 35 minute drive to come down to Chandler. That's how fantastic she and her entire staff are.
5	Like Dr. falcon, very friendly and easily person. Best wishes to your business!
5	I have absolutely NO complaints. I actually had trouble finding the place, and was about 5 minutes late. No problem for Dr. Falcon! Then I  found out I was nearsighted and wasn't sure how to chose glasses, so the ladies up front helped me look at different glasses and decide which ones were best for me. She also treats my sister, who has serious eye problems, and my sister ALSO suggest Dr. Falcon to everyone she meets.The staff is helpful, friendly, and totally NOT intimidating. It'll be a great experience, I guarantee.
5	Very friendly and very professional!  Don't waste your time elsewhere!
