5	This is the best gas station + convenience mart around.  The fuel prices are competative, there is a good selection of snacks and drinks, the restrooms are clean, plus FREE air for your tires.
5	Yelping a gas station? Sure.The only reason I would think to Yelp about a gas station/convenience store is because I like to give Kudos for service and originality where it's due(even if it is subtle in this business category).QT builds behemoth gas stations by most standards. They remind me of the Sheetz stations on the East Coast, aside from that here are the top 6 reasons why I am Yelping about a gas station and giving it 5 stars.#1 Their gas is consistently priced low (I have to buy premium and it's always .20 more then regular, never more)#2 Their workers are efficient, fast and friendly. It must part of their business model and hiring process. The cashiers can actually multitask and ring you up in less then 30 sec, always with a greeting and a good-bye.#3 If you are looking to try out your mixologist side on some sugar laden soda, this is the place( I don't drink much soda but every once in awhile I will whip up some Diet Coke with Lemonade and a splash of cherry)#4 They have free air!(for your tires, all other gas stations usually charge .50 - $1.00...ridiculous)#5 It's always clean(well at least for a gas station)# 6 All QT locations are a Safe Place. What this means is that youth in trouble can come to any QT location; a store employee will give them a safe place to hang out, something to eat and drink while they call a Safe Place coordinator to help resolve their situation or provide additional support. It's a pretty small thing but with a major impact for the individual in need.Now, this is a glorified gas station. It could be better but present day, you can't ask for much more. I am hoping in the future its a place where we can phase out traditional oil and I could charge my electric car here or fill up on alternative fuel. More vegan snacks would seal the deal too....hey, a guy can dream.
5	If your on the ROAD! quick stop ...Always Clean! Massive various variations of quick snak to quick drinks, and slurpies.  The famoust rooster booster is a must get as well as there bbq chix taquitos. prices are outrageously low. thumbs up to that!
5	Been going to this one for years. It's always clean and the staff is always really friendly ;)
5	Always friendly, always greet their customers, always cleaning. Shelves are stocked and you always leave hearing "see you next time."
5	Just look at the name of this place, QuikTrip, if you are on the road and need a quick stop to get either something to drink, free air for your tires, or cheap gas, this is the place to be.  I need premium gas for my car, so this place usually and always have cheaper gas, probably somewhere between 10 to 20 cents cheaper from all other major gas stations.  So I would definitely recommend this place if you are on the run.
5	QT is definitely a step up from the other well known "C" store. Their staff is so much more proffesional and courteous. The food is freshly made and offer a wide variety to chose from. This place is very clean and inviting. Gas is priced competitively too.
4	Another winner of a location for this chain. It's becoming a common standard for us to stop at these locations for gas / snacks / drinks, since they are always clean, well organized and quick.This location was no different. We stopped here for a quick fill up while running around town and, as usual, there were plenty of pumps so that despite the busy nature of this location, we were able to find a spot immediately. Overall: AAnother convenient and consistent location!
5	My wife an I love QT! They have great gas prices (compared to others). The staff is always courteous and helpful. I had my son in my arms and getting drinks for my wife and I. One of the employees was cleaning near by and handed me two straws. Not a big deal, but it means they are paying attention to their customers. The store itself is always clean.
5	I'll pass up 100 "Whatchamacallit" gas stations, with my gas needle 40 miles past E, to get to 1 QT; that's how much love my QT!  I have a long-term relationship with crushed ice (I eat it by the quarts), and QT has the best (IMO).  I purchase my quadruple cup loads, and upon my return I may refill them with more ice for free!  As long as they keep offering this, they'll maintain my loyalty. Aside from my "thing" with the ice, my daughter loves their chicken caesar wraps. They sell Bob Marley's (it's a beverage), which we hadn't seen since we left STL, so this made us even happier. They've just opened a kitchen that sells smoothies, soft pretzels, pizza, etc.  They keep stepping up their game!  As with most gas stations, prices on their snacks and name-brand drinks (not talking fountain) are a tad bit inflated, but not outrageously so.  The workers are nice. Also, this location offers gas a cheaper prices than anywhere in N Scottsdale.  Another reason to keep rollin pass the others.
5	Cheapest gas in the north eastern part of the PHX metro area!I drive from north Scottsdale to get gas here cause it's so inexpensive yet too tier! :)
