5	To be honest, I was a bit sad to see the previous restaurant that was in this space (Pellini) go. However, Fired Pie was quite an enjoyable lunch experience, so I'll certainly cope just fine coming here instead. I'd seen a few other Fired Pies around town, so seeing a local franchise grow a bit more is kinda a neat thing. The whole setup is pretty ideal, having a fixed price for a custom pizza or salad is a great idea as we all hate getting nickeled and dimed (or dollared) for adding toppings. And for something that gets baked in an actual fired oven, it's pretty darn quick. I had my pizza in under 5 minutes. The place is comfortable, clean, fairly priced, and has ample seating, even around lunch time. In all, $10 for a tasty personal pizza drink made for an enjoyable visit. I'll certainly be back. Can't really find anything to complain about here, perhaps I'll update my review the more I dine here.
5	Met a friend here for lunch, and didn't really know what to expect. I got there, and felt like I was at Which Wich. I ordered a pizza, and it was basically built right in front of me. Then, before I know it, I was eating. It took me less than 30 minutes to order and eat on a busy day at noon. I have only been once, but I will be back. This place rocks. Oh, and their salads are HUGE! The pizzas are all personal pan, but I can see myself going with a date and getting a salad and a pizza. Maybe a bottle of beer, too. I love it. Cheers to a new lunch spot.
5	People, support this place! This business is very generous. Just las week they gave free pizzas to EVERYBODY that showed up. I sadly didnt get one because the line was wrapping around the corner and i only have a 30 min lunch, but any place that gives away free pizza and lets you put as many toppings without charging more is the type of place to support. It sends out a great message. Plus, The pizzas are awesome. Today though I was in the mood for a salad. I gotta say... The toppings didnt look like much but they heated up the meat and I added some veggies... It was DELICIOUS... Truly tasty toppings. I dont eat much salads but i'm hooked. Stop by. Its affordable and delish!
4	Saw the new sign recently and decided to try for lunch over the weekend.  It's basically the same layout as the former Italian Pellini (RIP) with a change of menu to pizza and salads.  You order and the pizza is constructed in front of you by very eager staff.  We very surprised at the speed of delivery on the pizza - and it was real pizza, very fresh with a nice thin & crispy crust.  We had a pepperoni and one of the suggested creations Hawaiian BBQ (substituting tomato sauce for BBQ).  At $7.95 for 11" personal sized pizza or salad of your choosing, I'm sure we'll be back.  If you're on a time crunch and have a hankering for real pizza, give this place a go.  Hey even the guy from Five Guys Burgers down the strip came in for a to-go order!The only neg to note was a staff member met up with some friends and they all went outside for a smoke on the patio.  Right outside the front door.  Clearly a violation of the AZ smoking laws.  We were on our way out so we held our breath and blew through the smoke.  Still, management should be aware and reminding staff of smoking laws.  If we were on our way IN, this would have been a real turnoff.    In cooler weather, the patio would be a very nice place to enjoy a meal al fresco.
4	We had been looking for a casual place to grab a quick bite because we had been traveling all day and were cranky. We didn't want a chain that we could get back home and were intrigued when we saw the other reviews on yelp about this place. Overall, it was a great meal. You can build your own pizzas and salads- and not subway quality ingredients either. The sweet balsamic dressing is incredible so definitely give that a try if you get a salad. The crust is very thin so if that's not your thing then this place isn't for you. But the pizzas cook quickly in their pizza oven and are awesome!! The staff was very friendly as well! Very casual and delicious.
5	Best gluten-free pizza hands down! I've tried them all lol. And for a great price too, even with gluten-free up charge.  Love this place!
5	So happy to see Fired Pie at this location. To tell you the truth they are really taking the Valley by storm. Love the concept and service. The pies are always cooked to perfection, salads fresh and plentiful and you can't beat the Bellini! Way to go Fired Pie!
4	love me some Fired Pie.  So they took over Pellini's spot, which I was extremely upset when I found out they closed.  Fired Pie keeps the layout of Pellini's, which is basically a Chipotle-type assembly line but for pizza and salad :) my coworker and I tried it out one day and was instantly hooked.  I've tried both the pizza and salad and both were delicious! They have a fixed price for pizza and a fixed price for salad, no matter if you choose the custom or the house recipe, which is really nice considering most pizza places charge you about $0.50 to $1.25 for toppings!
4	Call it the "Subway" of fast pizza. You tell them what you want on your pizza as they slide it thru the sauce,  meats and veggies and then they throw it in the oven and it is cooked within 5 minutes. Would recommend building your own pizza and don't be shy to tell them you want more of a certain topping.I generally pile on the meats and ask for double sausage and pepperoni because after it gets cooked the toppings shrink.This particular location is in a great area but not visible to Scottsdale Road nor barely to Hayden/Greenway Road which is probably why every previous business has failed there. This seems to be the trend of the direction of pizza but is good for fast food pizza. I will certainly come back and enjoy the fact that you can customize your own pizza.
5	Just visited this particular location for the first time and was finally pleased with a smooth ordering process at Fired Pie. I was greeted by a gentleman who was restocking chicken, to whom I said that I'd like to order a vegetarian pizza. He asked one of the other line cooks if he had clean gloves and would make it for me. This was a first, in my visits to two other locations. At least these guys were proactive and made an effort, where as other locations in the past just shrug shoulders and look confused. After cross contamination (the same gloves diving into meat & going straight into veggies or salad lettuce) was an issue several times at other locations in the past, rather than leave a bad review, I contacted FP directly. Fred responded to my message and said that if a guest makes that request, be it vegetarian or allergy related, the line cook is to handle the order all the way down the line, and even use a clean cutter on a pizza. At least they responded positively and seem to be trying to ensure the customers are satisfied with the cleanliness. I think the pizzas and salads are great, the concept is great, AND the way ingredients are handled needs to be TIDYED UP imo. There is still a lot of natural "spill over" cross contamination, and I still watch cooks go from chicken or other meats directly to lettuce or veggies. If that's happening, does it really matter if and when I ask someone to charge their gloves?
5	One word - Awesome! Create your own pie, watch it get built and it's to your table within 15mins! Good value too, $8 with unlimited toppings! Salads are good too, great for kids as well!
5	Lots of toppings to choose from on a perfectly fired thin crust. All the toppings you want for the same $8. Like Chipolte only Pizza. Yummy!!!I had BBQ sauce, cheese, chicken, bacon, little pineapple, red onion, black olives. The new guy from NY is friendly and made great pies for us. We will be back!!
5	I do not have one complaint about this restaurant! Everything I have ever ordered here has been perfect! And it is a very very friendly staff! I highly recommend checking out fired pie!
2	Crust is thin, kindof like a flatbread pizza.  Slightly burnt edges.  Overall this felt like something I could've made at home.  It's alright and convienant, wouldn't really go back...  Not my style of pizza.
4	Deliciousness. Personal size pizza pick your toppings, get as much or as little with no extra charge. Staff super friendly & service is quick.
4	Think Chipotle meets Papa Johns! :)It was good. I like that they can keep up for a busy lunch hour and give their patrons plenty of time to relax and enjoy a pizza before returning to work. How often do you you get to enjoy a pizza on your lunch break? How often would you like a Pizza on your lunch break? You could go up the street and get a slice of Barros (how long has it been rotating in their?) at the Danny's Carwash for a couple bucks or you could get made to order pizza here. I'll be back.
4	This place is great!  The concept is just like Chipotle or Subway.  Pick your pie or make one of the suggested ones on the menu.  The pizza is so good! I always order a pizza with mozzarella and fresh mozzarella with pepperoni, mushrooms, garlic, and light onions.  The staff is friendly and the pizza gets baked in their oven. Since it is thin crust, it doesn't take long to bake at all.  It's $7.95 which I think is a great deal for a personal size pizza.  They also have salads there, too.
4	I am not a big fan of pizzas but I wanted to give this place a try. With an excellent concept of customizing your pizza with a number of ways(way more than traditional) and have it on a fresh, thin bread, this place is a must try for everyone. The 11 inch pizza was perfect for lunch and worth every penny of the 7.95 I spent on it.
5	I went here because my boyfriends best friend works here, I was a bit skeptical because I'm typical not a fan of assembly line restaurants. It was amazing! We got the spicy southwest salad and veggie pizza. The salad was spicy, fresh and hearty. The veggie pizza was very tasty. And the service was great!
5	Never been. Sure glad I found it on Yelp!!! :). I ordered to go, the gal was super nice and helpful on the phone. She told me 10 minutes and I arrived on the dot while they were pulling my pizza out of the oven!! Awesome. Fresh! Fast and GOOD!!
5	Pepperoni that curls up on the sides!!!!!! We stumbled upon this place when we did a search for pizza. Such a cool spot!! Build your own pizza, no extra charge for any toppings, and then they fire it up. The flavors were amazing and I can't wait to design a whole different pizza next time.
5	Whenever we go out for pizza, we always compare it to some old favorites: Oregano's, Sauce, and California Pizza Kitchen.  Most of the time, pizza places can't even meet our "minimum" standard of Domino's.  Sad but true.  Now it's time to add another favorite to the list.  It's surprising how fast the pizza is ready to eat and there isn't much of a wait since it bakes quickly and fresh ingredients are ready to put on the pizza.  Their vegetarian pizza is one of the best on their menu.  I've also had the tomato basil and a chicken pesto combo.  The thin crust is perfection, cheese is stringy as if it was freshly made, and the sauce is great.  We live in the north valley and it's great to have more choices for pizza.  I'm especially impressed that it is less of a sit down restaurant and has high quality pizza at the same time.  The prices are very reasonable too even including a tip.  The selection of tea is meh if you're a hardcore tea drinker like me.  I brew loose leaf Lupicia all the time at home, but the basic drink options are expected of a place like this.If you are shopping at Scottsdale Quarter or Kierland Commons, this location is perfect as it's close by (even for walking).  No wait and great pizza.  What else do you want?
5	Pepperoni that curls up on the sides!!!!!! We stumbled upon this place when we did a search for pizza. Such a cool spot!! Build your own pizza, no extra charge for any toppings, and then they fire it up. The flavors were amazing and I can't wait to design a whole different pizza next time. The only complaint I have is the flow of the line. You pay for your pizza, get drinks/silverware/napkins/etc, and pick up your pizza all in the same area so it gets crowded and a little stressful. But they'd have to hire a contractor to change that ha! Which obviously because I'm elite they should take my suggestion and redesign their building. Great concept and its executed so well!! Great pizza!!!
4	I've been eyeing this place for awhile and got my chance to a few days ago. Love the concept and the friendliness of the staff. She was really patient with us since this was our first time. So many sauces, cheeses, meats, veggies and fresh herbs. The choices makes your head spin so just take a deep breath and go for it cause it's all you want on this 11 inch pizza. Best part it's only $8.59 including taxes. They have the dough already for you and you just pick, pick and pick. I had the tomato and buffalo sauce with meatball, sausage and some veggies. Actually I forgot what I put on it and went a little crazy. It was a nice thin crust pizza with a nice little kick to the pizza with the buffalo sauce. The ingredients were fresh and the pizza was actually good. I was able to gobble the whole thing without stuffing myself. My daughter was able to eat her whole pizza too. Not a bad place to pick up a quick pizza. They even have salads if you like. Overall, I thought that the service was very friendly and patient, fresh ingredients, and good pizza. Love the custom made pizza without the extra charges. Nice change of pace where everyone is trying to nickel and dime you every time. I enjoyed it and will be back for sure.
