4	Went there for lunch 6/27/2008. Ordered half sandwich and soup lunch special. The chicken salad sandwich was very good. The clam chowder was also good. The portions are big and very satisfying. If you're looking for a reasonably priced restaurant to eat I suggest trying the Grand Lux Cafe at the Palazzo.
3	Damn! Someone beat me to it! Haha.I ate at the one inside Venetian. If you've eaten at Cheesecake Factory then it's pretty much the same thing. Portions are pretty big. Pricing is the same as Cheesecake Factory. The lunch special is pretty well worth it. I got the sandwich special and it came with half the regular sandwich, house salad and a soup for about $10. Strawberry smoothie was delicious. 4 people came out to be about $70 including appetizers so it's not the cheapest spot to eat if you're looking for quick bite. I think our drinks (soda, smoothie and iced teas) alone came out to be about $20!
3	Please avoid ordering an omelette here. It looks like a styrofoam frisbee that's been folded in half (stuffed with your favorite diced meats and/or veggies). It tastes like styrofoam too because I don't think they use real eggs (eggs in a carton, fo sho). And the omelettes are steamed...yuck. I have visual evidence posted here for those who doubt me. Other than that, they have decently priced food. The portions are big and you don't leave here still feeling hungry. I went here twice for lunch and I didn't have to wait in line at all. The service is polite, prompt, and accomodating. Overall, this restaurant is a good place to go to eat for convenience (if you're staying at The Palazzo) and decent food.
4	Although I've only gone a couple of times, my experience at the Grand Lux Cafe has been enjoyable.During my recent trip to Vegas, we stayed at the Venetian and ate at the Grand Lux everyday.  I like the one in the Palazzo, we didn't have to wait in line, it was quieter and seemed much nicer. The service was great, our waiters were really friendly, and would check up on us every so often to make sure our glasses were filled.The food comes in big portions. I can never finish it. The Grand Appetizer Platter is good for big groups, the spring rolls were delicious!I forgot what its called but they had some sort of Asian soup there, it was surprising really good for an American place (The soup is great after a night of drinking) The kick up chili was a little to salty.Fried Chicken and Waffles was too sweet.My favorite was the Warm Homemade Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookies. YummmChicken Royale was good also.The only down side is the wait, I think we waited 30 -40 mins for our food. (We did have a big group though) Prices can be high.Their menu is HUGE! I had a hard time deciding on what to get. They have a little bit of everything. I can't wait till my next Vegas trip so that I can try something new.
2	I came to this place on my lunch break and arrived around 11:15. There was an akward crowd waiting and staring at the hostess while she proceeded to jack around with one of the waiters. We waited until 11:23 to be seated... for no reason.. it was empty. Next, we wait over 10 minutse for a waiter to stop by... any waiter at all. When the waiter finally showed up he asked "sooo anyone stop by yet?" "NO".. "oh ok".... how about an apology jerkoff since youve passed our table for 10 minutes now and could see we were the only table in an empty section! GeezI ordered the chinese chicken salad. I guess it's ok if you really like rice noodles. Basically I had  a salad that was 65% edible styrofoam. YUM. not. Nothing good or redeeming about this salad.. yuckWith so many amazing places to eat in Vegas it disgusts me how many tourists waste their money at this chain crap hole. Seriously walk 10 minutes and you'll find 50 better options.
5	Holy crap. I dunno why, but I really liked the Grand Lux Cafe.I was expecting nothing special after seeing that it was essentially just a fancy version of a Cheesecake Factory. And our waitress seemed a little odd at first... well, she was a little odd, but maybe that was just cause she was psychic. She was really on the ball and knew what we needed before we did.The bread they bring you at the beginning was REALLY crusty. Which I am all over, but if you are not a fan of crunchy things, you may want to just go for the moist center and leave the crust.The food was excellent. I had the Pizza Margherita and Salad lunch special, and my wife had the Pasta Telephono and salad lunch special. The bleu cheese and vinaigrette dressings were fabulous. Good bleu cheese is hard to come by, but this place nailed it.The pasta was cheesy and delicious. Came in a pink sauce (tomato + cream). If you are a fan of mac and cheese, you will probably like the pasta telephono.The pizza Margherita was really fantastic. I'm the kind of person to be disappointed by pizza since we make it at home from scratch, but this pizza lived up to my standards.And, did I mention the entire meal was vegetarian? We didn't even notice until afterward. I love that! Vegetarian without being in your face about it.And, did I mentions the portions are generous? More than enough food!So color me a fan. I really didn't expect it to be that good. I'm tempted to go again, so maybe I should try the Venetian location next time.
4	Grand Lux is good food in very large portions. Very large. Don't order an app, and share an entree. Everything I've had has been pretty darn good.You can eat pretty cheap here because of the portion size. They have some pretty good ice cream drinks, and the sangria is yummy.
2	Its unfortunate that this is the cafe in the Palazzo. We went twice on our most recent trip and both experiences were terrible. Their breakfast buffet is a pretty good deal, $16 including juice and coffee. The food for the buffet was completely average. I ordered a hot chocolate in addition to my juice and while it looked absolutely amazing it had absolutely no flavor. The worst part of the experience was the incredibly slow service that we had to endure. Our second trip was a late night trip for something in our bellies to sop up everything we had been drinking that night. My eggs were predictable, but my husband's sandwich was so incredibly salty that he could not eat it. In addition, the saltiness combined with the copious amounts of alcohol did not make for a happy scenario the next morning. For breakfast or brunch head to Morels. For late night eats go over to Noodles Asia in the Venetian or dare I say it...walk down the street to Denny's.
4	I heart this one soooooooo much moreeeee than the one in Venetian!!It's the same great atmosphere and great food, but it seems to be much quieter and less crowded. It's also humongo inside too.I got the shrimp scampi, and those shrimpies were HUUUGE!! They were also breaded, which I didn't like too much, but after removing the breading, it was quite tasty. My friend got the short rib grilled cheese, and OMG soooooooo good!! I want to go back to Grand Lux just so I can order that. Their bread is the best too, I seem to fill up on that alone. FOr dessert, we shared their creme brulee duo and nutty chocolate caramel cake thing. I think I may have come close to getting a cavity, because they were soooo sweet. So sweet in fact, that I only had a few bites of each. They were delish though!!
5	Newer than the first, Better than the first?  well it was definitely good and a great spot with the full on glamour and all located right in the new spankin new Palazzo Resort Casino and Hotel.  I had two meals there while staying at the Palazzo because something as simple as their burgers/sandwiches were amazingly good.  It's a little on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for.  -Regular Burger with 3 toppings ($14) - they cooked it medium rare just the way I had asked, and the burger was insanely big.  It came with fries and everyhing which made it hard to even finish such a giant burger.  I had asked for cheese, avocado, and mushroom...now how can that not be an amazing burger just already.-Short Rib Sandwich ($16?) - There's a reason why there were two of us ordered the same exact thing.  It looked damn good on the menu and we didn't want to share.  And just as suspected, it was great.  Greasy, yes, but the toasty bread sandwiching short rib meat was phenomenal.  -Knowing this type of food exists around the strip, I'm glad to say I'll be looking forward to staying somewhere nearby next time I'm in vegas too.  btw, NO TO Imperial Palace
4	Why have two Grand Lux's right next door? Why cause its delicious that's why. I don't care if its a chain the food is great and I always can spit a meal with my wife, cause you want to leave plenty of room for liquor in Vegas.
4	I really liked this place.  Apparently it was created by the creators of the Cheesecake Factory (I think).  The one in the Palazzo isn't 24hours, but the one in the Venetian  is open 24hours, and it is totally only a hop, skip, and a jump away.  I went there once for a very late night "snack", and once for brunch.  I have to say that everyone needs to try the sloppy joes, because they were amazing.  It reminded me of when we were in elementary school again, but it tasted 100x better!  For brunch, I had the express brunch, which is basically a little buffet of breakfast foods.  It wasn't bad, but I mean...who can mess up breakfast foods, right?  Overall, I love this place, and I want to go here everytime I'm in Vegas...and you should too!
4	Considering that most of the restaurants on the strip are overpriced and overhyped, I was very pleased with Grand Lux.I had The Max burger which was HUGE.  It came with a generous helping of fries on the side.  I couldn't finish it at all, especially since it was lunchtime and I was saving my stomach for dinner at Bouchon (http://www.yelp.com/biz/bouchon-las-vegas#hrid:IW8qqvB5DseBKXc1l1QKmw).  The burger was loaded with lettuce, tomato, cheese, bacon, and shortrib meat.  There may have been sauce, but who knows.  There was so much flavor and juice and ohhhh yummm I'm drooling a little on my keyboard.  Sorry for the vivid description, but seriously, get this burger.  And to top it off, all of that for 14 bucks!  My mom had the lettuce wraps which were great, well seasoned with chicken and veggies and some light sauce.The only complaint I really have is that the service was pretty slow and the waiter didn't even bring us bread until we asked for it.  I know it was really busy, but come on!  Bread is not that hard to remember, especially when every table has some except us.Of course, the fact that it's open 24 hours is also great, especially since there is pretty limited real dining 24 hours in Vegas (ironic, right?)
4	We didn't know what we were getting ourselves into until we saw the menu. Yes it looks just like a upper scale cheesecake factory with fancier food on the menu.  But then with that low of an expectation we were surprised. The kobe mini hotdog.. pass on that defiantely lost the feel of the kobe beef. The friend chicken was a big ass plate of chicken strips. Tasty? yes, meager portions? nah uh there is plenty there.  The highlight was the dessert, we avoided the cheesecake to try something different. The bread pudding was spectacular warm mushy sweet and chocolately. talking about it now is making me hungry.  The service was surprising to me, the server was awesome he let us mess around like we were high school kids. I'm sorry for all the crazy antics we pulled of snorting horseradish and gravy, to the loud outbursts we had. I hope i made it up to you though.
4	I think we ate here 3 times while staying at the Palazzo!.  It was good and the portions were big. So worht the money.  I've been to other more "big name" resturants and the food and service didnt come close to this place.  I do Agree with the other osters, The mashed potatoes spring rolls are AWESOME!! we had them the first night there after a long flight and painful shuttle ride.  The and teh calamari/vegtables.  It was all soo good and enought to share.Breakfast was also great. 2Eggs, bacon, toast and hasbrowns for 9.99! very good and too much to finish.I aslo went there for my bday dinner with my 8 friends and had a great time, our waiter(tim) was so sweet and funny.  the birthday decorations they did on my dessert was really nice and the recommendations he gave were right on. LOVED the Snitzel!  And its a plust that they are open late, or 24 hours right next door.
5	I adore Grand Luxe. It is one of my favorite restaurants in Los Angeles and one of my favorites in Las Vegas. I was very surprised that they opened one at the Palazzo, since they have one in the Venetian which is less than a 5 minute walk. But regardless, my boyfriend and I havent' been to Grand Luxe in a long time and so we decided to go and have dinner there. We parked at the Venetian and upon entering the Venetian we saw a HUGE line at Grand Luxe. I hate waiting for a long period of time, especially just to eat. So I said, let's go try the one at the Palazzo. I was hoping not many people knew about the second location. I was semi-right!!!When we walked towards the Grand Luxe location at the Palazzo, there were only 2 people in front of me. Once I gave them the number of my party, they sat us immediately. SCORE! No wait! I was a very happy camper indeed.I ordered my usual Sunday Night Pasta. It was delicious. Slightly a bit too salty for my taste, but still good as I remember it to be. My boyfriend ordered the Lasagna and he LOVED it. I think it is his new favorite item on their menu. He just loved the sauce. I tried it and it was delicious! Although we were stuffed, we saved room for dessert because I am a HUGE Creme Brulee fanatic and hadn't had it in such a long time. So we ordered that and it was also delicious. You get one regular vanilla creme brulee and one chocolate flavored creme brulee. When you eat it together, it's just so yummy in your tummy!!Our waiter was also very nice and helpful. So service was good too.I love Grand Luxe!! I had so much leftovers. Portion size is HUGE! So many choices and so much good food!!!
4	The pizza was the best...The cheese they use on the pizza was the best..You can't go wrong with a mushroom pizza at 3 a.m.
4	One of the decent place to eat Italian food inside Venetian/Palazzo complex.  Fast, prompt service and waiter is attentive.  Price is definitely reasonable for Vegas Standard.I like my Carbonara pasta alot.  Esp with the sweet pea and bacon.  The bacon taste actually infused within the pasta so makes it taste so delicious.  The waiter was very nice where he asks if any of us were allergic to Bacon, now that's what I called good service.  We were also given dinner portion for the price of lunch.  What a lucky day!Tip:: Lunch portion is a better choice and if going there for dinner, order 1 main course is enough for 2 people to share.
4	I love this place, I always go here when I go to Vegas.  The restaurant is like Cheesecake Factory, but better.  It's not as pricey as the other ridiculous stores in Vegas, either.  It's open late/early too, which makes it a perfect place to grub after the clubs.  I've never had to wait too long, especially since it's massive inside.  But out of all the buffets (though I'm not much of a buffet girl) and random eateries, I'd have to say this is my favorite.What do I recommend?  Anything, really.  The pasta, pizza, salads, sandwiches...just go with a big group (which you'll probably be in when you're in Vegas, all crammed into that nice hotel) and share everything.  Family style is the way to go, after all.The service is also always good, but that's pretty much a given in this city.  The workers are always so cheerful, from the concierge to the bartenders (well, minus the security at the clubs).  Check this place out for a reasonable price and some pretty good food.  Then go to Tao Beach after and get your tan on.
4	I ate there w/my family... it's great for families, groups, and couples... very similar to cheesecake factory. It's probably not the best place to order Filet Mignon, but they do have some great pastas. If your a meat lover go for the sunday night pasta. If you want something that's light then go for the Pasta with Grilled Chicken, Tomato, Basil & Mozzarella.... or you feel something creamy Pasta Carbonara is really good too.... I really enjoyed my dinner there even tho the food was pretty average, i just loved the fact that my whole family was there and enjoyed our dinner together..
4	yes i am reviewing this location as well because the service was great here and i am addicted to yelp. we weren't feelin a brunch buffet on sunday so we decided to head to grand lux at the palazzo we had a party of 10 and they seated us within 10 minutes. waitress was really friendly and super attentive to our party. i had the scramble which consisted of ground beef (ilovegroundbeef), onions, spinach, eggs, mushrooms.....YUMYMYMYMMYMYMY. i was tempted to get an omelette again but i decided to try something new....the scramble was HUGE. i only ate half of it. and it comes with a side of hash browns. and toast or an english muffin. this place gives you so much food its ridiculous.all my friends' entrees looked so good. i really wish i could have tried all of their dishes but i was way too full from my scramble. oh and i have to mention that their beignets here are killer---get em. they come with 3 sauces: raspberry , vanilla and chocolate.mmmmmmmmmmmmm yes.
4	You know, I really want to hate this place because it's so chain-y and mass produced and they have so damn many menu options that are all over the board.  But, I just can't hate it.  In fact, I kinda like it.I've been here a few times for breakfast (a la carte, not the buffet) and it's always solid.  The omelets are good, and so is the French toast, hash browns, coffee, toast, everything.  I also recently stopped here for drinks (their fancy drinks are pretty good) and a late dinner, and I was very pleased, too.  Dinner is tougher because they do have so many different options.  It was hard to decide but I was pleased to see a large selection of salads, sandwiches, appetizers and smaller entrees as well as larger specialty entrees and pastas.  We were a party of six and everyone's food looked great, and everyone seemed to enjoy their meal.  I had the chicken flatbread which was well-seasoned, tasty and HUGE.  It was way too much food for one person.  I was also thrilled that they substituted tasty mashed sweet potatoes for the fries that were supposed to come with my meal and there was no additional charge.The service is very good here.  I think they are very well-trained and they execute well, and they're friendly.  The prices are pretty reasonable, especially for the amount of food you get.  I am pretty certain I will be back here since it seems to be part of my normal Las Vegas repertoire.
3	I ate here w/my gal pal after a late night of poker and we sat at the bar where the bartender was very friendly and accomodating!  We shared a pizza and the dumplings (which come w/duck inside) and it was all pretty tasty.  This is your upscale version of the Cheesecake Factory...it all looks the same inside!
4	Still slightly jetlagged and tired from a night out, we came to the Grand Lux for lunch. The waitstaff were super nice and joked around with us since we were a big, (slighty loud) group of girls. We had been told the portions were big, but we didn't realize exactly how monstrous they were. I had the Grand Lux Burger Melt, which came in parmesan crusted bread (not a burger bun I should add, it was like Ciabatta bread) with a sauce, and fries on the side-- DELICIOUS! One of the best burgers I've had though I would probably call it more of a sandwich since it was not a burger bun. You also get free soda refills which is awesome. Since it was my Birthday-- and they knew this because we were all wearing ridiculously awesome Carnaval masks at the table and they asked us the occasion-- they brought out a Birthday desert which was basically whipped cream and a cookie of sorts with a candle. I should say that serve wasn't always on point, we had to ask a couple of times for refills, and for a place setting. But well priced and good atmosphere.
4	We've had Grand Lux at Palazzo and Venetian...both were great.  The menu is pretty extensive and tasty too.   Opens super late...great for after clubbing.
1	WHYYYY do I always come here whenever I'm in Vegas? I'm thinking about the meal I had here at 1 AM after Lavo and I feel like I'm going to be sick.....The service was very slow. I ordered a burger (medium) and it turned out RARE!! I love my meat juicy with some red but not rare! I really don't want mad cow disease! The bf got mini chili dogs but the hot dogs were MIA. At first we thought "oh, maybe it's a Vegas thing/maybe he read the menu wrong". But when we asked the waiter, he said "oh, maybe it fell?" How can 3 mini hot dogs fall out of the buns?? Yeah, next time walk to McDonald's or something. The burger is probably way better there.
1	The review is retro as I was reminded recently just how bitter I was about Grand Lux. We went there TWICE in our weekend trip and, for the life of me, I cannot fathom why. Vegas is the land of seafood buffets and supposedly *good* buffets in general. Yet, somehow, we ended up in Grand Lux. TWICE. So bitter. The food was ... well, it was Grand Lux. It wasn't horrific, but it wasn't anything that you would remember or even think about a day later. Also, since the portions are unnecessarily huge (and, I assure you, you are paying for every ounce of it), we had leftovers so we jokingly asked the waiter if we could put it in the Grand Lux fridge. He said sure and that we could come back and get it later. Total fake-out.We came back the next day and asked a different waiter for our food. He looked confused and told us that wasn't allowed at all (health violation?). So, I ask, First Waiter, why would you trick a bunch of tourists with promises of potential leftovers? That's just wrong. And mean. And I don't like Grand Lux. Go eat at a buffet. I heard the one at Rio was good, but I wouldn't know, because I was eating at Grand Lux *sob*
4	Grand Lux is essentially the Cheesecake Factory under a different marquee (they actually get their cheesecake from Cheesecake Factory), but with larger portions and a more manageable menu.  The decor is very pleasant and contemporary, the service is friendly, and the prices are very reasonable considering the location and size of the portions.  I had the Zen Noodles, because I was a little tired of heavy food by this point in the trip.  It was basically a variation on pho, complete with cilantro, sprouts, and chicken, all served up in a tasty chicken-based broth.  They even provided sriracha.  I was satisfied.  It's a particularly great place to grab a quick bite if you're catching a showing of Jersey Boys, as it's about 30 feet from the theater.  No stress, and great food.
4	Good food available at all hours and rarely much of a wait.  Extensive menu.  Nice drinks, best spicy bloody mary I've had in years.  Excellent omelets and wondrous hash browns.  And I don't usually even like hash browns.  They've got breakfast items available throughout the day.  Nice!  Pasta dishes are fab.  Salads are reasonably good.  Great service.  But the biggest draw are the hours.  They serve food far later than anyone else.
4	This place a pretty good if your feeling hungry and it's late.  The food portions are pretty huge and the prices are decent.  Other than that it's pretty much a nice place to put down on your list of places to eat at when visiting Vegas.  The service really depends on who's your waiter.  One time the service was awesome and the next time the service was out the window.
2	Went here before catching our flight home. The food was brought out timely.  I had the breakfast sandwich, it was good but the hash browns was plain. The GF had the eggs/hash brown/toast. She says eggs were alright, but hash & toast not really good. Service was decent til we had to go, then server was no where to be found.I would eat here as a last resort.
4	Stumbled into this place while playin the slots! By the way, the Indiana Jones slotmachine is awesome! The food here is good and they have a alot of selections. It's not too expensive and the portions are huge. Very Cheesecake Factoryish. These thai and vietnamese spring rolls were delicious!! I'll come back again for some cheap, good and fast food!
5	I ate here many times at this particular restaurant, I think its less crowded than the one at the Venetian and you get a nice window view facing the Wynn.I been here 4th of July in 08, SEMA in Nov 08, CES 09, and June 09. I never had a bad experience dining in or their lunch to go area. I have ordered sundried tomato pasta with grilled chicken, corned beef hash. If you don't want to wait in line, order to go. Save on paying tips.Their breakfast is always money, and portions are large. I'm a omelet guy so I like how their omelets are made as an egg wrap, with the ingredients stir fried and placed inside the egg. On my recent trip we found out they had an all you can eat breakfast buffet. That got me so excited because it was cheap @ 15 bucks. It had the omelet bar, waffles, moist scramble eggs, sausages, bacon, fruit bar, and assortment of pastries. Best part about the breakfast was that it came with all you can drink Orange Juice, yes its fresh squeezed. Our waitress was so cool she offered cups of OJ and coffee to take with us. That's what I called service. Because of that this place gets 5 stars for going above and beyond what I expected.
4	The Grand Lux Cafe is by the same creator of The Cheesecake Factory, but my experience at this location in the Palazzo was better than any Cheesecake Factory that I have been to.  Yum!  From eating at the Wynn Buffet, Lavo, Suger & Ice, to McDonalds, Table 10, and other eating adventures in Vegas, this place was a nice happy medium.  Although the service was a bit slow, the food was noteworthy!  I personally had the sandwich lunch special for about $10 which included half a chicken salad sandwich, soup, and a salad with their amazing ranch dressing.  The bf had steak and shrimp scampi, which was MmMmMm and OMG MmMmMm!  The steak literally melts in your mouth with tender juiciness while the shrimp scampi was breaded with loads of wonderful flavor.  Thumbs up to Grand Lux Cafe!  I shall return! =)
5	The first night we were in Vegas this past weekend we settled in our rooms & headed straight down stairs to Grand Lux which my friends said was almost like a Cheesecake Factory. We sat down & I looked at the menu the prices are decent for Vegas. I ordered the spicy flat bread chicken sandwhich with a side of fries & a white wine sangria.The flat bread sandwhich came with  pepper jack cheese, lettuce, chicken, avocado, & the flat bread was doughy & soft yummy!The fries were ok but not so great & the sangria was really good & refreshing. The food came in handy because of the huge portion for late night port partying eats.Also the last day we were there after all the damage done to our livers I ordered the lunch salad & pasta special...the salad was light & came with balsamic vinaigrette & the pasta I chose was the pasta carbonara. It came with carbonara sauce, cheese, pancetta, & peas it was soo tasty!!! It even tasted even better when I got home that day for dinner that night..for sure I will come to eat here the next time I take a Vegas trip.
4	one of my favorite places to eat at when in Vegas.  great variety and nice big portions.  they have a chocolate lava cake that rivals the cholocate soufle at Roy's! a good second choice dessert is the strawberry shortcake.  it's huge!!!  the burgars are great there too. it's a must try if in Vegas!
5	Cheesecake Factory like menu, but much better quality! Apparently it's like Banana Republic to Old Navy but for restaurants. I know it's a chain restaurant so sue me for giving them a 5 star review! There were 7 of us here for dinner so you know the service charge was in effect! Those lucky servers! LOL! I usually stick to a handful of menu items, but you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu. I usually order the crispy caramel chicken, Indochine chicken and shrimp, fish n chips, jambalaya or any of their salads. Their prices are really reasonable too!I happened to order the Southwestern chicken salad which included chicken, lettuce, avocado, black bean, corn, crispy tortilla strips, tomatoes, a few other goodies along with a lime vinaigrette. The salad was super fresh and was really tasty! I always ate here before and will keep doing so as long as the quality of service and food are at this high of a level! I hope that they don't drop in quality like the Cheesecake Factory has in the last few years.
3	Went to the Grand Lux Cafe while at the Palazzo. It's owned by the Cheesecake Factory - so the decor and menu are similar. Ordered the club sandwich - it was good. Fries were good too. But our waiter was slow and forgetful. He couldn't keep our drinks full, and we asked the dude for bread at least four times.Was a cool spot for lunch, food was a four, service a 2.5. Overall grade - 3.5 stars.
4	I didn't realize this place is "brought to you by the creators of Cheesecake Factory."  Well that explains the good food.  I ordered a Calypso Mojito, the Rare Ahi Tuna Salad, and I shared in some of the Fudge Cake Collision.  The mojito was pretty good, the ahi tuna was amazing, and the cake was also pretty good.  Combine that with nice decor and decent service and I'd say it's worth repeat trips.I've been to the other Grand Lux inside Venetian (technically, this one is the "other" Grand Lux).  I think I like the Palazzo version better simply for the layout and decor.  It feels a little more intimate.
5	Needed quick dinner before seeing Jersey Boys. In and out in less than an hour with party of four. Had the best shrimp scampi ever. EVER! Six huge shrimp and a very pleasant sauce with the pasta. Also had great warm sourdough bread. Everyone in party was full and happy.
4	Oh Grand Lux.  When will you move to the Bay Area?  Yes, it is very Cheesecake Factory-ish.  I love the variety here and the food is actually pretty darn good.  We came here for lunch after a very long crazy night.  Amongst five girls, we ordered a bunch of different items:1. Stacked chicken quesadilla2. Seared rare ahi3. Asian Noodle bowl (I can't remember the exact name)4. Tomato bisqueDo not go for the noodle!   It's a very very poor attempt at rice noodles.  I think I'm gonna give up eating noodles at non-Asian places.  I am always hugely disappointed.  The ahi and the quesadilla were good tho.  Tomato soup was a nice large bowl and tasty too.  Portions are very big so always a good idea to share because it's very unlikely you can finish it.  Prices are great.  Service is down to earth and quick.  You will definitely leave full and happy spending about $20!
2	My friends and I picked this place for lunch because it has a huge, widespread menu and would thus satisfy all tastes. The lesson is that this usually ends up pleasing no one. First of all, service was slow from beginning to end, even though it wasn't peak season and we were seated in a very visible spot.In the mood to indulge, I ordered the fried chicken and waffles, hoping for some sweet versus salty, juicy versus fluffy, artery clogging action. None to be found here. Both the chicken and the waffles were disappointingly mild, their flavors landing with a dull thud against one another. I had to douse the waffles with syrup, and the chicken with hot sauce to even make it remotely appetizing, and even then left most of the plate behind.Your time and chips could be better spent elsewhere.
4	The Grand Lux is a great casual restaurant to eat at when staying at Venetian or Palazzo. They have a plethora of food to choose from, and they are open 24 hours, so you can get whatever you want, whenever you want it.During this past Vegas trip, we had breakfast here twice. Their breakfast is really good. The service can be slow at times, because they do get packed, but if you aren't in a hurry, it's nice to sit and relax and enjoy your food.The first morning I had scrambled eggs, hash browns, an english muffin and a honey vanilla latte. The portion was huge and I didn't finish all of it.The next day I had eggs benedict florentine with my honey vanilla latte, sooo good. Their hollandaise sauce is very flavorful and the portion is just right.The food can get pricey, especially with drinks and sides of bacon and such - orange juice here is $5.50 (what a rip!!). The second morning BF got the buffet for $15, which comes with as many drinks as he wanted, so he got OJ and soda for other people at the table so we wouldn't have to pay. Our bill averaged $65 both mornings, and that was for 3 people...so it's about $20 per person, which is a bit much for breakfast, but you're in Vegas, live a little!
5	Had the fish and chips here last night and it melted in my mouth. It was so good, I can't wait to come back and try something else
4	I've eaten here probably a dozen times at my frequent stays at the Palazzo. It's a step up from the Cheescake Factory which I hear it is owned by? The chicken and waffles are good, and I love the ahi tuna rolls. I usually eat here for brunch, lunch, or breakfast. I guess whenever I get up. It always hits the spot, and the portions are huge. I'm definately a FAN!
3	Lots of mediocre food! Nice people; waiter, servers etc. but there was a lot of over-cooked pasta and enormous helpings of so-so tasting food. I had the chicken parmigian and spaghetti, my wife had chicken  w/pesto and pasta, one son had chicken and mashed potatoes and the other had enchiladas, rice and beans. The decor was Cheesecake Factory glitzy but we had better food at the Cheesecake Factory in Danvers, MA. last summer.I was really disappointed in the food-flavor of my dish and the tastes I had of my family's. My wife complained (to us) of her food being too salty. A coke was $3.75 as was some bottled water. We didn't order alcohol and we got out with a $98 tab, including the tip. Not too expensive but not very delicious either. We had a show to catch next door in The Palazzo so we didn't go to Olives at the Bellaggio where we had made a reservation and where last time we had great food. I DON"T recommend The Grand Lux.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. While it is a chain, it is quite good. The food was excellent. Breakfast (a great omelet), lunch (soup and sandwich combo), dinner (asian noodles), and late night  (one of the best hamburgers ever). The service is also very good. Be warned that the portions are giant, but this adds to the economy of the place: if you share, it's even cheaper. Desserts are also excellent.
5	Grand Lux Cafe at the Palazzo has over 200 items on the menu, but everything tastes great and is made fresh daily. Their drinks come with mouthwatering garnishes and taste great. I have had the luxury of trying almost everything on the menu and will attempt to describe everything I have tried.New Orleans Beignets: This is a bake-to-order dessert that is available for breakfast as well as throughout the day. The beignet is a French-style fried doughnut that is light and fluffy and comes with four sauces on the side: Jack Daniel's Creme Anglaise sauce, Raspberry sauce, Chocolate sauce, and Cinnamon Sugar. Jamaican Pork Tenderloin: This dish comes out with two fried wonton chips looking like pig's ears to identify the dish and comes with the pork in the middle (chili-rubbed) over sweet mashed potatoes with white rice and black beans sitting over a black pepper sauce. The black pepper sauce is the only thing spicy in the dish, although not too spicy for my taste. Bring on the spicy!Pasta Telephono: Penne with melted cheese that creates a telephone cord (who has landline phones with curly cords these days?) when you pick it up with a fork, yum!Sunday Night Pasta: Short rib, chunks of beef, and ground beef go into the mix of spaghettini. Although surely inspired by leftovers, this dish doesn't taste like leftovers at all. It is truly yummy and especially when it came out piping hot! It is served all nights of the week.Roasted Beet and Goat Cheese Salad: This dish has pistacchios in it but I love it for that and the goat cheese as well. The beets are seasonally different in colors, so they may come purple or yellow. It's served with a hazelnut-citrus vinaigrette.Belgian Waffle: The waffle comes sprinkled with powdered sugar and hot maple syrup on the side. It's simple and delicious, almost purist.Express Breakfast Bar: A selection of yogurt, granola, wheat or white bread (there's a toaster for people to toast their own bread), English Muffin, or Bagels (ask for the cream cheese, it's not at the bar...boo), fresh fruit, a made-to-order omelette bar, bacon, scrambled eggs (probably made from powder), hashbrowns, and some small breakfast pastries like scones/croissants/cheese danishes/streuseled pastries. It includes juices and coffee and some other drinks, possibly milk and fountain drinks.Hot Chocolate: Probably the BEST hot chocolate I have ever had in my life, with no sediments, made with whipped foam on top and some rich whipped cream and a swirl of hot chocolate, but the drink is not too sweet and not too bland. Wild Mushroom Burger: Not a burger with mushrooms as I first thought, but a patty made of mushrooms and tasting so good that I almost would turn vegetarian (almost!). Sesame seeds come on the bun and there's a side of bibb lettuce, tomatoes, and onions with an avocado cream sauce, or was it basil aioli? Anyway, it was good!Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls: eight pieces comes with Thai BBQ sauce and Peanut sauce with the chicken, slivers of carrots and lettuce throughout the summer roll (rice flour wrap) and ready to be dipped! I would ask for some hot sauce, but that's just me.Island Cooler: non-alcoholic, made with pineapple, mango, and some other juice, tastes really yummy and comes with an edible garnish of strawberry, pineapple, and lime. WARNING: PORTIONS ARE GARGANTUAN!~ SHARE SHARE SHARE!I gave this place a five because I feel that it is a very caring place with the servers not upselling anything and being honest about portion sizes. I also think that the atmosphere is very grand but still casual and the food is of great value. You get more than what you paid for.
4	This cafe is nice. It sits in the corner of the first floor of the Palazzo. It is my first time coming but it seems like this is setup like a Cheesecake Factory. I did come here two times while being in Vegas. Both time different because the first was during a late lunch and I chose to get a chicken sandwhich which had mushroom and avocado. The sandwhich was nice. The price wasn't too bad considering it was vegas. I spend about $25 with my raspberry lemonade. The lemonade was kinda sweet for me though but good nonetheless. The second time we came in for a brunch/latedinner thing. It was like 1130. That time it was a great deal for 15.95. They offered eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit, orange juice, omelets, waffles, danish, yogurt, cereal and many more. It was enough to get me full for a great price.
2	are you seriously telling me this place is affilated with Cheesecake factory?? we stayed at the the Palazzo, so naturally we choose to eat within our hotel. BAD F-EN mistake. everything we order was awful or nasty. Zen Noodles, YUCK!!!!! NO! bland bland bland. better off with chicken noodle soup but THEY DON'T make that. Chicken and Waffles, my friend said it was 'horrific' and 'nasty' i didn't try it but looking at her expressions tells me im better off NOT trying it. seared ahi... wow, is this seriously "AHI"?!?!? I had the Pasta with Chicken Tomatoes and Garlic over creamy sauce, the pasta itself was overcooked!!! :( My friend had the Caramel chicken and Sauteed Beef. we aske dher, hey what did you ordered? She said "awful" practically renamed her plate. I ordered the Creamy Chicken Soup. CREAMY is a understatement, i took 2 spoonful and gave up! GROSS, creamy... well it was WAY THE HELL beyond creamy because when he cooled it looked like BUTTER! i think they only good plate that no one complained about was Shrimp Scampi. So if you're as unfortunately as us and was forced to eat there because Palazzo and Venetian didn't have any food places opened after 3AM, then order yourself a Shrimp Scampi.. because everything else on the menu is "HORRIBLE, AWFUL and NASTY" Service was great, well, how can it possibly be NOT GREAT being that it is in the the Palazzo?? but food wise, walk to DENNY'S!! You'll be better off eatting there.
1	Let me say, if I could give 0 stars, I would. After an amazing experience at the GLC in the Venetian, I thought the Palazzo would be equally awesome. I was in for a terrible surprise. For the epic of all epic birthdays, I had planned a weekend in Vegas and invited 25 of my closest friends (for my 25th birthday). 2 weeks before my birthday, I called the Grand Lux and made reservations for the 25 of us knowing they'd need an early heads up. They were ok with it. 2 days before my arrival, I called to confirm my reservation with the restaurant. Then comes the night of. I rally my 25 friends, we head to Palazzo and walk in. I go to check in and give the server my name & party size. "Um, we only have you down for 15" then they ask me my name"Um, actually we don't have you on our reservations list at all"(so I go from 25 to 15 to nothing!?)I then check to see if I had made the reservations at the Venetian instead. Nope. Then I ask them to check their call logs and voila, 2 days ago they had a call w/ me and confirmed my 25 person party. In a panic, they throw together tables and split my group in 2. No one likes splitting their group across tables on their birthday dinner. That's LAME. The manager assures me they'll 'make it a special night for me' as it was my birthday and they had already messed up my reservation. So, how did they make it special? 1. they neglected to bring me the BBQ sauce I asked for.2. he then brought me 6 passes to Tao (to use with my 25 person party!?!? what!?) and he also knew we already had plans to go to Tryst and had a car arriving at 10:30 so we had requested to get our orders in as fast as possible (we had to run out the door when the car arrived). 3. my friends had requested a birthday cake for me. they brought a plate out with 2 squirts of whipped cream and a cracker that said 'have a grand day' - WHAT!?!? is this really supposed to be a dessert? (I will attach a photo when I get home) That's just insult to injury at this point - might as well not bring a dessert at all. To say the least, this was a terrible experience for a night that had been planned 2 weeks in advance. And the food wasn't even that good.
4	Small line, but the restaurant was packed. The service can be a tad slow, but I'd say it was worth the wait. The warm sourdough bread keeps you occupied, but consider an appetizer for extra entertainment. Might I suggest the Asian Nachos? You get several deep fried won tons about 4 inches in diameter topped with chicken, sour cream, guac, and the obligatory Asian sweet/sour sauce. Don't forget the upside-down bowl-molded heap of fried rice in the middle for your [dipping?] pleasure.Now, to the main course items. It took me a while to figure out what types of food this place served, because they had a little bit of everything which leads to a menu that's too big for their own good. Nevertheless, the food tasted good--a bit simple, but full of flavor.  Giant portions, so they were definitely catering to the American crowd.I had the cedar plank bbq salmon. A big fillet of salmon coated with a bbq glaze and then cooked atop a cedar plank, which is then lined with mashed potato and dressed on the side with a corn succotash and 3 sad looking onion rings. The salmon was delicious, and I could barely finish the mashed potatoes because there was so much.
1	As I ate my breakfast at the Grand Lux Cafe, I imagined that if the chef was watching the diners experience he or she would have been screaming "awww, bloody hell, @%#$ me" just as Gordon Ramsay would be doing in one of his Kitchen Nightmares shows. I can't cut them much slack here because I ordered very simple things that in and of themselves were just fine, but then ruined by the bloody awful execution of the service.  I'll start with the simplest of things... my usual morning after party night beverage of OJ & Club Soda.  Fresh squeezed OJ, should be awesome, right?  Add flat club soda and you have a flavorless mess.Now on to the food... again I go simple.  I ordered blueberry pancakes.  I presume that they must have gone to a berry patch in North Arizona to pick the berries fresh because a pancake takes what, 10 minutes if you mix the batter from scratch?  Mine took over 30 minutes.  So this next part might sound nit-picky, but here goes... cold syrup for the pancakes and they didn't even bother to bring out butter.  Am I the only person who butters their pancakes?  No, because my mom showed me how to do that when I was a tyke.  So after another 10 minutes the butter appears.  It's ice cold.  You almost needed a steak knife to cut this butter.  So it's not going to spread, it's not going to melt down in the cold syrup and the temperature of the pancake is going fast.  I can either send this back or power through.  I choose to power through and just get out of there.  The pancake itself was tasty.  I think the berries really were fresh.  The front of the house service wrecked it all.
2	Everything here is just ... average.
4	Was it good? I'm not quite positive... After a few free drinks, we decided to order to go and take it back to our room. We got their Asian Nachos-  Crispy Fried Wontons Covered with Chicken in a Sweet-Hot Peanut Sauce and rice in the center. Topped with Wasabi Cream and Melted Cheese.. The rice sure made it an Asian Nachos... this was surprisingly tasty.  Fried Calamari- With Rock Shrimp, Zucchini and Onions. Served with Dipping Sauces, this was ok, kinda on the fishy side. Food here was good, nothing special.. well for those two there wasn't, but I'll give them a try again next time with a few other dishes.
4	good breakfast great lunch specials and awesome mojitos plus it's right downstairs so it's very convenient! i always go to grand lux @ venetian or palazzo and i'm always satisfied after my meal :)
4	Want a late night snack at 3am?  Feel like breakfast after you get up at 1pm?  This is your place.  Always dependable.  Never had an issue with the food here.
3	It's near 3am, we've had lots of drinks, pounded some ill-advised shots, and need food.  It's open and there's no line.  Already, we have a winner!Being more objective though, this place is ok.  Owned by The Cheesecake Factory (which explains the massive menu, representing foods of all types), Grand Lux has a little bit of everything, and probably does most of it in an acceptable fashion.  Shared the:-Spring Rolls (Vietnamese Chicken Summer Rolls): pretty tasty, but poorly wrapped.  The paper kept tearing and the food spilled out all over our hands and the plate.  The Max Burger- Their "greatest hamburger creation!"  Burger, cheese, bacon, mushrooms, onions, and short ribs. This was the husband's ideas. it was ok. The individual ingredients were hard to single out as far as taste goes.  Even though the restaurant tries to be a fun, hip place, there were still the standard 3am Las Vegas servers.  Our waiter must have been at least 65 and wanted to be anywhere else but there.  What really surprised me about this place though, was the next morning (and by morning, I mean around 11am) there was an absurdly long line!  Those people should've gone to Dos Caminos (see review)!
3	If you are looking for a quick and relatively cheap meal this is the place for you. We went after a long night of drinking to soak up the river of liquor we consumed. The menu was extremely diverse and reminiscent of their father company - The Cheesecake Factory. We ended up getting a burger and their spring rolls. Yes an odd combination! Refer to the drinking heavily note above. Both were fine and hit the spot.
5	I got caught falling asleep chewing on my chicken and waffles at Grand Lux Cafe. I was tiiiiiiiired! true story.
5	I'm a huge fan of The Cheescake Factory and have been to the Grand Lux at The Venetian several times. We needed an appetizer and drink before The Jersey Boys show at Palazzo so we tried this location. Great service. The waiter asked if we were going to the show so he was really quick with the drinks and food. Delicious Mai tai and martini.  The potstickers were large and delicious with a wonderful dipping sauce. A super fresh and tasty small chicken Cobb salad was passed between us as well. This was a great convenient find.
5	The morning after (a night of intoxication that is). The early bird gets the worm indeed! While the majority of our group were still sleeping, me and a couple of girl friends woke up early and experienced one of the most delicious breakfasts in Vegas. First of all, the service was remarkable. Our waitress was very friendly and assertive in catering to us. Throughout our entire meal she was always with a smile and an upbeat attitude. I had to start off with a mimosa. Its Vegas! For my entree I ordered the Eggs, any style, Hash Brown Potatoes with Toast. Sounds so simple and common doesn't it? But it was ridiculously amazing. Great portion size to fill me up but not to the "food coma" extent. The hash browns were so cute! You gotta go there and order some to understand why I'm calling fried potatoes "cute." I'm not sure if it was because it was the "morning after" breakfast or not, but this was one of the yummiest! We also ordered the Red Velvet cake in celebration of my friend's birthday. Red Velvet. Enough said. It was to die for. Mentioned to the waitress that it was indeed for a birthday and asked if she could put on a candle. She gave us a wink and said she's got something special for us. Out comes the cake (slice) with a special message written in powdered sugar on top of a crisp sweet cracker and a candle embedded in a swirl of whipped cream. If you're like me and can't really do buffets in the morning, this is the place to be!
5	The Veal was great, service was fast and not too pricey
4	This place is just as good as the one in it's partner hotel, The Venetian...  So, if you wanted to eat at this restaurant, you can go to either and have the same great food...  My favorite is the Miso Glazed Salmon...  Total best...  But if you like having more than one item, they have combination dishes...  Two of their regular dishes, just a smaller version paired together to be one dish.  Service is done with a smile and a friendly attitude... and their desserts if you can get that far are cheesecakes from the infamous Cheesecake Factory...  SOOOO YUMMS...  So, even if you don't go for dinner, go for the desserts...  Enjoy...
3	This cafe is pretty much the same as the one at the Venetian but it's not open 24 hours.  I went here for breakfast and loved it.  Way too much food to eat.  I was exited to see orange marmalade for the toast, but the bread was so hard I couldn't eat it.  It seemed more like a french baget than regular old fashioned loaf bread.  I know they are trying to be fancy but if you can't actually eat it, what is the point of serving it?       Do not order iced coffee here, it's not good and they don't know how to make it.   I ordered an iced mocha and it was not stirred, or blended or melted.  Stirring it before every sip and then getting huge chuncks of chocolate from the bottom of the cup is gross.  (Even if it's Godiva.)       Service was great even though the place was pretty busy.  I liked that this one has windows, even though there is not much a view.  I'd go back to eat here again, it's a decent place.
3	Not bad comparing to the food at Palazzo...(room service is wretched).TOP ITEMS:Chicken Pot PieChicken Enchiladas*same people as cheesecake factory.
4	Went for a late lunch, wasn't too busy. This location seems smaller than the one in the Venetian, but maybe we didn't go far enough back. Got stuck at a banquette table in the corner right next to the rudest, sloppiest, loudest eaters ever - I was so glad when they left. Ok service; I saw our waiter standing around several times when we needed refills, tried to flag him down more than once. Overall, good food, nice little place to have a quick, or not so quick, lunch.
4	Two weekends ago, we went to Las Vegas for JC's birthday. For the record, best birthday celebration ever!! We stayed at the Palazzo, so, partly out of convenience, partly out of curiosity, we did dinner at Grand Lux one night. JP got the Jamaican Pork Tenderloin, my memory tells me JC got the reuben but I can't find it on the menu, not quite remembering what JL got, KL had the Asian Nachos, BT went for the Chicken Pot Pie, and I had the Madeira Chicken. I only got around to trying JP's and BT's dishes in addition to mine. The Jamaican pork was really good. It comes with rice, mashed sweet potatoes, and mango salsa. Hearty. If there's one criticism, maybe it was a bit salty. The chicken pot pie was the biggest. pot. pie. EVER. The area of the crust was as big as both my hands together. Ok, so I have midget hands. But still! Creamy. Delish. My Madeira Chicken served with mashed potatoes and asparagus was perfect. I'm always a fan of any creamy wine sauce. Mashed potatoes equals comfort. Asparagus equals love. It's nothing super fancy, just exactly what my taste buds were asking for.Fast forward to one day later. We had been up till 9am playing blackjack and were running on no sleep. Slightly dejected after losing a fair amount of money, but mostly needing showers, we went back up to our room to shower and get ready for checkout, then JP, JC, JC2, BT, TC, and I had our last lunch at Grand Lux. Not remembering what everyone had this time. I'll venture to say the DeLux Drive-In Burger, Grand Club, and the Santa Barbara Chicken Sandwich were among the choices. Definitely not remembering what JP got. She was too preoccupied with getting back to the blackjack tables. so JP is huddled in the corner struggling to stay awake, conflicted between her desire to take a nap and her significantly more urgent need to get back to the tables. I ordered the Spicy Flat Bread Chicken Sandwich, which was excellent. A chicken sandwich with lettuce and tomato, kicked up with pepper jack and avocado-corn salsa. I want to say it was one giant sandwich cut into quarters, but it was really four still-giant sandwiches. Before I got to my second sandwich, JP had already finished whatever she ordered, threw her credit card down on the table for us to pay with, and ran back to the casino. By herself. Addict.In the past, I've also had the Crispy Thai Shrimp & Chicken Spring Rolls, Lemon Chicken Piccata, and Banana Cream Pie, all of which I would recommend. I've always had great service, the atmosphere is great, and it's just the kind of place you want to be. Comfortable and consistent. Unfortunately there aren't as many pictures as usual, as I was too preoccupied with my meal companion or we were too concerned with getting back to the blackjack tables, but there are a few that will hopefully suffice. In summary, it's simple, nothing absolutely crazy gourmet, but definitely hits the spot and more than satisfactory. Huge portions and so good! Yummers!!!!
5	We stayed at the Palazzo, so this restaurant was a convenient stop for some of our dining as its within the Casino.I really have no negative comments here as all components of the meal were really good.Our server Marie M. was excellent...very friendly and made great suggestions. I ordered the Sunday Night Pasta per Marie's recommendation and it was fantastic and it takes a bit for me to say this for a Pasta dish but it was delicious. The other meal was the Lemon Chicken Picatta as this was very good as well. We ordered the Beignet's for dessert as you need to order these 30 minutes prior. These were great as they came with 3 dipping sauces. So overall the whole dining experience was great as I would recommend it  very highly!
4	My husband and I were at the Palazzo to have afternoon coffee.  We were directed to the Grand Lux Cafe.  We ordered the beignets and grand coffee.  The beignets were totally reminiscent of Cafe du Monde in New Orleans, except these ones had chocolate sauce, raspberry sauce and another one I can't recall.  It came in a basket of 8 or 10 (we ate them  so fast, we couldn't remember exactly how many).  The server was very nice and attentive.  Overall a great experience.
4	For a chain this place is kinda good (original is in LA and owned by Cheesecake factory) and I hate admitting something like that. I like the Indochine Shrimp and Chicken- very mild flavor curry and has dried cherries and apricots. This is my favorite dish here.I've tried an extensive part of the menu and all have been nice, but I still stick to my favorite Indochine. I come mainly for the beignets. The other location in Venetian doesnt do beignets so you have to come to the Palazzo location for them!! I found that out the sad way of being psyched for some and I had to settle on cakes for dessert at the Venetian one. Beignets are crispy outside and soft and eggy interior  with 3 sauces: raspberry, chocolate and vanilla cream. I tend to like doing the creme mixed with raspberry sauce the best. Chocolate is good and rich so I tend to mix it with the creme sauce as well. To me the combo is better than eating each sauce by itself. Takes 20 minutes to make so order this when selecting entrees or youre SOL at the end of the meal unless you sit and wait.Long time ago they had bomb napoleons with fresh fruit and all the locations took it away. Boo! They did it right so its a shame they pulled it.I think for the dessert alone I will say I'm a fan and give it 4 stars.
4	We went to both at The Venetian and The Palazzo. I would say the service at the Palazzo was better than the Venetian. Food was good and worth the money... looks just like CF but nicer.Try the  cheesesteak spring rolls & crispy ahi sushi rolls yum!
4	I have been fortunate to stay at the Venetian and Palazzo several times and each time we have the opportunity to stay at the beautiful hotel we look forward to eat at the Grand Lux.They have generous portions of food and it's great for the afternoon from a long night of dancing and drinking. :) The prices are reasonable it's a roomy place to eat and people watch.  There is usually a line to get seated, but it goes by quick.
5	I had the best burger in this place, it's awesome, the waiters there are so friendly, elegant atmosphere, great place and reasonable prices
5	The new Grand luxe cafe at the Palazzo is a little more updated and fancy.  I'm not sure if this location is also opened 24 hours but it's a definitely go to place to eat.  It's basicially the same as the Grand Luxe in Venetian (Check out the reviews there).  They have great service, food and is appealing to the eyes.  I haven't had anything I didn't like.  Portions and food are all the same as the original location.  Try their Seared Tuna Salad for the first time and it was delicious.  I usually come here and get their Reuben sandwich or one of their fishes.  They are definitely a place to eat if you're shopping at the Palazzo stop on by or come here before you go to Lavo.
3	It's nice to have a restaurant like this in your hotel, which is close enough to drop by anytime, but not too expensive to poach your already near-empty wallet. They have all different types of food to satisfy your tastes and the portions are large enough to keep you full for most of the day. We came here for Sunday lunch and the staff here were quick to accommodate a large hungry party. The waitress was very nice and even made sure to bring out my friend's order first because she wasn't feeling very well. A few downers included items that weren't available because they ran out by mid-day, which is pretty inexcusable. The nice thing is that lunch prices are very cheap compared to dinner. A lot of people opted to get the salad, soup, and sandwich combo, which gets you a lot for cheap. I got the chicken jambalaya, expecting pasta, but got white rice instead. it was still good, but tasted more Asian than anything else despite the spiciness.  I had my eyes set of some beignets that I saw go to another table, but like I said, the portions are enough to keep you full so I passed when it came time for dessert.
4	Tried this place at The Venetian last time I was in Vegas, so when I stayed at the Palazzo I definitely wanted to eat here again.  Have to say I was REALLY confused because I didn't know there was one in each hotel.Nevertheless, there were WAY too many choices to pick from given the amount of sleep I had the night before.  Got the lunch miso salmon and have to say it was DEEEELICIOUS!!! Some of the guys ordered breakfast, and we all enjoyed our food.  I definitely recommend this place for anytime although it is a bit pricey.  Go here before you hit the Casino otherwise you're eating $1.00 hot dogs the rest of your trip
3	First off let me say that I had a to-go order. The 3 stars may be a little on the harsh side for their overall service since I've never experienced the regular dining areas.I had two simple orders. 1 Chicken sandwich (bun), 1 Chicken flat bread sandwich. Both orders came with fries. As I was told the wait would be 20 minutes, I ventured back out into the Casino and signed up for Palazzo's Players Card. I came back in 15 minutes on the dot to ensure I'd be receiving my food nice and hot (or so I thought). My flat bread sandwich was pretty good. It had nice flavor and a generous size. I was told the other sandwich was good, however the fries for both were not only cold, but chewy and dry. Whether they typically don't take much consideration for take out orders, or because their organization in the kitchen needs work: I'm not certain because I've only eaten here this one time. For such a basic order, I can't see myself rating them any higher. I might eat there again one day because of convenience, but if that experience doesn't turn out better, you can bet this place will never get my money again. Plenty of other options in Vegas.
5	I used to work at Palazzo and went to Grand Lux cafe a lot.  I recently went there and was once again blown away by the consistently good food and service.   I usually sit at the bar and have always had great meals there.  It's strange though, the Grand Lux at The Venetian, which is open 24 hours a day, isn't even close to as good.  I can't figure out why.  Maybe the 24 hour operation drains the spirit out of the workers.  Who knows.At the Palazzo location, however, If you get the Linguine with Clams and pay an extra three bucks for the shrimp you have a $19.95 plate of pasta that is downright awesome.The Corn Beef Hash and a Sam Adams is the time tested and purest way to kick any of the previous nights activities out of the loop and make you feel like sunshine.They've got some version of the Molten Chocolate Cake that is grand.  It's take 20 minutes so be aware.One word to the wise, their dishwasher leaves some kind of film that affects the taste of the draft beer.  The bartenders are aware of it and try to rinse the glasses before serving, but it slips their mind sometimes.Other than that, I have nothing but good things to say about this location of Grand Lux.
1	AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL.Let me preface by saying I have eaten at both Grand Lux Cafes and I will NEVER go to this one again. This is purely based on service.My friend and I went there around 8pm on a Monday night. Not busy at all. We were seated right away. Then we waited 10 minutes for our waiter. He came, didn't introduce himself (is that a Vegas thing? I've realized not that many people do that...), and took our drink orders. My friend ordered a Sprite, and I ordered a berry fizz.Yes, I realize that it does not take the same amount of time to make a berry fizz as it is to order a Sprite. However, I wasn't expecting the waiter to bring out my friend's Sprite, and then 5 minutes later have my berry fizz come up at the counter, and then watch my berry fizz sit at the counter for a good 15 minutes before he picked it up and brought it to my table. I would have asked him earlier, but he was too consumed watching Sportscenter highlights.I wasn't eating, but my friend ordered the pot roast. He said it was ok.Our waiter never checked in on us during our meal, and finally brought us the bill after forever. We learned then that his name was Scott. So Scott, if you're reading this, me and the table next to us thought you were fucking awful.In the future, I will go to the Venetian and deal with the drunks there before ever going back to the one at the Palazzo ever again.
3	This is a branch off of the Cheesecake Factory if you didn't know before you go. So expect the same quality of food. The food is very good, and made fresh everyday. I do prefer the Cheesecake Factory, but  my opinion is bias because I know one of the managers in Denver, and he always pays a lot of my tab when I eat there. I've been here for late lunch, dinner and breakfast. I have yet to have a bad experience. There is a great variety on the menu for everything. I loved the breakfast because they have a breakfast bar where you can get fresh omelets or any other kind of eggs made to order. My husband had fried chicken and waffles ( which I still gag thinking of ). Yes I tried it, but I just can't do it. We've shared chicken enchiladas, the taquitos and the mimosas are very yummy. If you're in the Venetian, and you need variety, go here.
4	Ate here twice during my stay in Vegas because the price was good and there was a good amount of food given. I haven't been to the cheesecake factory but this place is pretty good. Ahi tuna salad - was just okay. It was wrapped in seaweed, and the tuna was seared just right. However, the accompanying sauce wasn't memorable. The greens were plain greens. I expect some color and flavor but it was rather plain. Short rib sloppy joe - delicious!! The only problem with this dish is that a clogged artery or a massive heart attack may occur. The meat was really tasty but really salty. It's served with butter bread. It's basically bread saturated in butter. Very bad for you but oh so delicious. Spicy buffalo chicken flatbread - very delicious but isn't spicy. This is a great dish because it's healthy and very filling. Burger - their burger really hit the spot for me. I love burgers and was definitely satisfies with my angus burger with added sauteed mushrooms. Excellent!!In general, this is a great place to go to when you want to watch your wallet and still leave full. It can get a little pricey but a tab foe four people today at lunch came to only $51. That's exceptional for being in Vegas. Is definitely come back. P.S. Their limoncello lemonade is really delicious.
3	We had pasta carbonara and a melt burger.  Found a peanut in the burger (?), fries were good (even better dipped in their blue cheese dressing).  The burger was pretty good, don't think I'd get it again.   I'm finding I don't like Grand Lux pasta sauces.
5	One of my family's favorites!  Consistently excellent.Tonight, the boy had Sloppy Joe made w/ beef short rib!  Outstanding texture and flavor.  Its served in a New England roll (like a lobster roll bread) that is soft, tasty, toasted to a nice crisp on the outside and buttery.  Served w/ diced white onions.  Awesome.I had the chicken parm / shrimp scampi combo w/ angel hair pasta w/ marinara.  Outstanding and for $19.80.My wife had the spicy calamari salad.  The calamari was fried to perfection with a puffy, crisp batter that enhanced the flavor of the calamari.Be warned that the serving sizes are large!  We will be back!
5	Stayed in Vegas for 5 days, ate at the Grand Lux 4 times.  Yes, it's that good.  Not only is the food scrumptious, but the menu is as large as the average American.  It's causal, flexible, and you can have whatever you like, however you like it, whenever you like it.  Poached eggs and a burger at 2AM?  The Grand Lux can make it happen.The food at the Venetian location tastes noticeably better.  My recommendations include the miso salmon, the grilled veggie pizza, Chipotle avocado burger, the spaghettini with clams, and the calamari.  The calamari merits its own sentence--we're talking squid, rock shrimp (think mini shrimp tempura), zucchinis, and onions.  For the price, it's basically the best calamari you'll ever get.Now, the Palazzo location has better desserts (the menu is almost entirely different).  I highly recommend the molten chocolate cake (see my pictures and you'll know what I mean).
4	I have been here for late night dining (4am) and brunch. What I enjoy are the generous portions. What I like -- design your own omelette and the clam chowder! I can not say enough of the clam chowder! Unfortunately, it may only be a "soup of the day selection". If you are going only for the clam chowder, then you should call ahead to see if they have it. You don't want to waste any valuable time walking there while you could be throwing dice at the Bellagio or wherever suits your fancy.
5	I heard that there's a Grand Lux in Vegas. But I don't think this was the one. Simply because it's very small and I heard that the one in Vegas is really "Grand" topping the one here in Beverly Hills. Anyway, my friend and I dined here for Brunch and the food as expected was delicious. I had the 3 Way Salmon and I enjoyed each one. The customer service was excellent. Our waitress was very polite, attentive and accurate. Anyway, if you guys get a chance while you are in town, definitely check them out. They might not be the big fancy one, but they give that big fancy service.
4	Went here a week ago with a friend after work around 11PM. Really convenient since I was looking for a good place to eat around during late nights. The decor was casual elegant, not that I'm complaining about it, I actually think it's a good thing. It makes the food taste extra good considering the nice, grand decor. My friend and I ordered the ultimate appetizers which served different types of cuisine from around the globe like spring rolls, Philadelphia steak rolls, chicken, and etc. (My memory is a bit lacking since it's been almost two weeks now) Though the food is okay, the dish was served in large portion. Now that's a great appetizers all for 30 bucks!
3	Order listsaladsoupmargherita pizzashaking beefmongolian steakbbq salmonchoc chip cookiesParty of 4everyone was very satisfied with their order, plating was very presentable and unique,  the other couple was very acclimated with the restaurant so the repeat order of shaking chicken and mongolian steak was spot on. the margherita pizza wasnt the best though. the supposed made from scratch cookies were delish ^_^the only part i really felt i missed out on was the service. nothing terribly wrong like a spill or incorrect order, just an entree that wasnt noted and therefore delivered late since it had to be inquired about and THEN ordered. while the 3 of us had food eating the other mrs had an empty placement!we also had to ask for the cookies to be brought out earlier because we didnt want to stay that late... but we still ended up waiting for them after we had finished eating and gotten the leftovers boxed. still then we asked twice for the check and waited.it wasnt busy, there was no wait to get in, so i have no clue what the deal was, maybe short staffed or just absent minded ~_~final impression, it was a more spacious / prettier version of cheesecake factory but decorations dont really help the meal alongim tired now ill upload a pic or 2 then gnite!
3	Ok, so this place is in a casino/hotel. I had family in town and they stayed here this past weekend and I tagged along. We visited this Grand Lux on a Sunday after a night of drinking and dancing... So that results in 3 tired, hungry and hungover females. Decor is real nice, what do you expect? It's at the Palazzo! Their menu is just like the Cheesecake Factory. A gazillion pages to look through. Yea, maybe when I have time but it's too early and I just wanted something simple so can I get straight to the breakfast menu? Our service was slow. I understand, it was during a time when people are checking out and getting ready to leave Vegas so they were pretty busy but most of these people were eating at the buffet, why the heck did it take 45 mins for us to get our food?!?!?! Anyway, I order the Eggs, Hash Brown & Sausage Links thing, yea I don't remember the name. When we finally got our food the eggs were tasteless, hash browns were so salty and the sausage links were OK. Food did the job for me, considering I was hungover and just needed something in my stomach but it fell short of my expectations. Would I go back? It's convenient because it's in the hotel but I don't know, still thing about it...
4	Went here for a snack and grabbed the potato spring rolls. They were pretty good. They were filled with cheese, sour cream and god knows what else. Pretty much a baked potato in spring roll form. They were good. Nom nom nom.
3	So ive been to this Grand Lux and the one in LA several times. The food is usually OK. I mean its good. Not great, not "oh my gosh i can't wait to get back," just ok, i ate. So this place lost 1 star because both locations are pretty inconsistant. One day the food is really good, and the next time your like, did i order this last time? the next star is because i waited an hour for my food when everyone seated the same time as us were leaving when our food arrived. I really wanted to give it a 2, but in fairness i've had more good experiences than bad ones.
5	I LOVED this Grand Lux! It was fabulous. We actually went because the one at the Venetian was closed at around 11PM so we walked across to Palazzo to get here.I was very impressed with how pretty this Grand Lux was. It didn't even feel like a Cafe at all.I had the tomato soup with small sandwich and it was a delicious combination =) We also got their chocolate cupcake with vanilla ice cream dessert which was super delicious, but a little too heavy to have at night.Prices are right and ambiance is high-end - wouldn't give it a second thought to come here again while in Vegas!
4	Grand Lux Cafe is in the casino at the Venetian, or the Palazzo... I am not sure, technically, where it is located... anyway, I really liked this place. The ambiance is nice- not fancy, but not casual, but somewhere in the middle, the service is good and the food is pretty good, as well. They have a varied menu with all kinds of dishes including pastas, salads, sandwiches, omelets and some "world" dishes like jambalayas, enchiladas and stir-fries. It's a pretty straightforward, simple menu and the prices are all very reasonable. I would recommend the Grand Lux for breakfast or for lunch, but for dinner you may want to go somewhere else.
4	noms: 1. Seared Ahi Tuna wrapped in seaweed served with wasabi mayo and a bean sprout salad, cucumber salad, and  carrot salad- thinly sliced seared Ahi Tuna complemented with a thin wrapping of unsalted seaweed. A perfect light appetizer to start your meal. 2. Shrimp Scampi with linguini served in a white wine sauce. -  This dish was really delicious, albeit a bit on the heavy side b/c of the white wine cream sauce. The shrimp were huge and flavorful, and the white wine sauce had a very tasty citrius flavor to it. 3. Pinapple Mojito- pinapple was not overly sweet, or tart. However, they did not muddle th mint leaves enough to bring out the flavors commonly found in a mojito. After a few minutes of mashing up the decorative mint in the glass the mojito tasted a LOT better. On a side note the sourdough bread served prior to ordering is quite tasty. I love how crusty it is and it serves as a great tool to sop up the delicious white wine sauce for our scampi dish. YUMMMY! I'd definitely eat here again. :D
4	Came here with my hungover buddies to grab a hearty brunch before we hit the pools during the busy Memorial Day weekend, and this place was top-notch! Knowing that it was owned by the same company as the Cheesecake Factory, I had high expectations. I ended up ordering a full size pepperoni, sausage, and mushroom pizza for about $13. Wow... the size of the pizza was so overwhelming! I split half of it with my friend and I was still very full. The meats were tasty, the pizza dough perfect, and the sauce was fresh. This was the perfect hangover food to have in Vegas. I also tip off my hat to our waitress, who was dealing with a still drunk buddy of mine and had to fight off my friend's marriage proposals. She was a champ and played with him, which made for an entertaining meal for the table. I'm glad I got to try this place, I will for sure stop by next time I am in Vegas, maybe when I am stumbling along the casino floor and stop by this 24-hour joint for some terrific food.
5	One of my top three places to go when I visit Vegas. We went two times this trip alone. Try absolutely anything on the menu, it'll be awesome. On our first day, we went for lunch. I had the pasta telefono, with a salad off the lunch portion menu, my husband has the miso glazed salmon lunch portion. Both were huge lunch portions, we left so satisfied and full. The pasta was al dente, with a homemade sauce. The combination of cheese, cream and crunchy baked crumbs were memorable and addictive. The salmon was fresh and briny, the miso glaze complimented and did not overpower the delicate fish. The salmon was served with fluffy white rice and stir fried vegetables. Yummy. Went again, late night, I had the waffle with strawberries and my husband had the crunchy chicken. HUGE portions, very reasonably priced. The server was welcoming, offering suggestions off the menus based not on upping his check, but on his favorites. Can't wait until my next vacation to go back to this place.
3	Great food. Portions are huge! I always eat here when staying at the Venetian Hotel. Open late night too.What's good:Chicken & WafflesChicken Parmesan (pasta)Creamy chicken & mushroom soupTheir pasta/salad lunch special can feed for two people. Try not to eat too much of the free bread they give out because you'll get too stuffed.The chicken alfredo was gross. Too heavy and too doughy .Good service. Our waitress was funny and made us laugh. Definitely will come back.
4	So you've got a picky party with you that just can't decide on what they want for dinner.  One doesn't like Thai, one JUST HAD a burger and CAN'T STAND it again, and then there's the guy who just sort of is grunting.  Where do you take this band of misfits before your stomach digests itself? The Grand Lux Cafe has a very diverse menu that doesn't skimp on portions or deliciousness.   They have some amusing appetizers that taste great even if they sound like a weird idea (Asian Nachos!) and child-friendly favorites.  In short, it's the place to be when you can't decide what to do -- except eat a lot!
4	Cheesecake Factory with fried chicken n waffles. Gotta love it. I always make sure to stop in when I'm in Vegas.
5	This place is a like a higher-end Cheesecake Factory while being priced the same. The ambiance is classy and the variety is endless. They also have a late-night menu so you can go here after partying hard at bars/clubs or gambling.I remember trying the salmon dishes [cedar planked salmon, miso salmon] and they were both scrumptious. The bread you get before the meal is warm and fluffy, great as a free appetizer. This place is one of the best priced restaurants in vegas and worth it because of the portions, quality, ambiance, and service you get. I always try to pay a visit here whenever I'm in vegas even if I'm not staying at Venetian/Palazzo.
4	A fan of Grand Lux and Cheesecake Factory so I went for lunch yesterday before heading to the Azure Pool at the Palazzo. There were 5 of us and it took a few minutes to get seated as usual.Food- very good and generally fair priced for a casino restaurant. I ordered one of my favs - the Short Rib Grilled Cheese Sandwich and substituted white rice for fries. Short rib was cooked perfectly and the sandwich is just amazing. I wish it was a tad bit bigger but its ok. The rice came out nice and hot and was a great compliment to my sandwich instead of fries. ***side note: i'm so over french fries... every once in a while I'll give in but they just do nothing for me anymore*** My girlfriend ordered the Caramel Chicken dish to split with a friend. They loved it and I tried some and it was really good.Our server, while very friendly, kept disappearing for a while. The only problem I have with Cheesecake Factory and Grand Lux is that they are so big that when its busy the servers are insanely hard to get a hold of. Bread took a while to come out and then wasn't hot when it came out. He apologized saying he had to wait for it but if he had to wait for it shouldn't it be hot? just curiousOverall a great meal and I will for sure go back. The food is good and reliable. Yet to have a bad experience at either.
4	Stopped by here to eat off our buzz.  I've been here a couple of times - once at Palazzo this was the second at Venetian.I love the bread and butter!!! YUM!!!We weren't really that hungry but we were buzzin really bad and wanted to get something in our stomachs so we could drive back to our hotel.I ordered the duck potstickers which were really tasty and he had the ahi tuna which he enjoyed.  I enjoyed the side salads his dish came with.This place is best for breakfast in my opinion...their other menu items seem similar to The Cheesecake Factory just overpriced.Service was a little lacking and the setting was a little dark for my taste but the food is really tasty.  I'd definitely eat here again.
3	It's fine.  It's cheesecake factory.  Service is good, food is perfectly acceptable, portions are big.  Nothing really excites me about Grand Lux, but in a pinch it's serviceable.  I liked my chicken based salad, but found it heavy on the tortilla strips and light on the chicken.  I prefer the cheesecake factory's pumpernickel bread...
3	When I stay at the Venetian in Vegas, I always have breakfast here.Great coffee and omelettes! It's a bit pricey breakfast.... but then again, you're in Vegas!
4	The Grand Lux Cafe at Palazzo is the easiest place to grab a good, quick bite.  The food is always good at both the Palazzo and Venetian and the Venetian location has the best steak and eggs in Vegas.I've had breakfast, burgers, pot roast, drinks and various appetizers and have never been disappointed.  My blog has way more specifics, but the Grand Lux is great.
4	Do you like The Cheesecake Factory? Yes?Ok, well, take the Cheesecake Factory, put it in the Palazzo, and make it a little fancier and add top-notch service. Voila! You got Grand Lux Cafe.Yeah, so this place was really good. When I was able to finally getting over my hangover, I headed down here for a very late lunch. I ordered the Seared Rare Ahi Tuna Salad and it was probably one of the best ahi tuna salads that I have never had. It came with romaine lettuce, radicchio, frisee and avocado mixed with a ginger miso dressing. It hit the spot and I was totally satisfied.Service was fantastic. I got seated right away. Waitress was super nice and attentive. I would come here again next time I'm in town for sure.
5	I've reviewed the other one before, but Grand Lux Cafe (by the maker's of Cheesecake Factory) never disappoints.They single handedly own some of the best (in the entire world): spaghetti carbonara, caramel chicken, cheesecake, rasberry mango smoothies, braised ribs, chicken pot pie (so i've been told by many sources).I opted for another combo platter $21), as I always do. This time trying two new items: chicken royale (very plain and boring battered chicken pressed) and short ribs (amazingly tender, melted in my fork, an absolutely delicious dish). Topped with some of the best, softest sourdough bread, and you have yourself a great Vegas meal. I highly recommend this spot to any tourist looking for that perfect dinner under $25/30. And it's open 24 hours!
4	Having to spend this much on food made me kinda squirm. I'd rather be blowing it on roulette somewhere. Oh well, it was the only thing open this late without risking a DUI. Asian chicken salad was the best I've ever had! The watercress, fried won tons, cilantro and nutty dressing combined to make an awesome tasty salad. I must replicate this one at home. Corned beef and hash was great also. It was made with homemade corned beef, not the one in the can. (Sorry, you Filipinos). I can't find homemade corned beef and hash anywhere in the bay so having this lux at Grand Lux was wonderful.Mixed berries were extremely fresh and plentiful. Beautiful presentation as well. The servings were surprisingly huge! I expected a big price for a small plate, but everything that came out was stacked heap high! We were oooohing and aaahhhhing everything that came out the kitchen. I wanted to order it all! Too bad we lost almost all our spending money on the stupid slot machines.
5	this is my favorite all hours of the night cafe to eat at in vegas!  the prices are super cheap, the portions are huge and the food is good, hearty comfort food for those who are a little down and a little low in the pockets!  the chicken pot pit (seen in my profile pic) is my favorite thing to get here!
4	Yummy. I got the lunch special, which consisted 1/2 sandwich, a bowl of soup and a side salad. All the portions were small, but overall, it was a filling meal at ~$10. I got the tuna sandwich, which was a lot smaller than I expected. Basically, it was a tiny piece of bread (what you would eat with bruschetta) with a small scoop of tuna salad on top.  The tortilla soup was yum. I liked that there was corn in it.The waiter was extremely nice and busy!
4	omg. so me and my husband came here for our 2yr anniversary at the venetian and ate. I must say we were slightly disappointed, dont get me wrong the food and drinks were great but the environment was so noisey and the seating was awful and uncomfortable. if you're looking for romance dont eat here, but it is pretty good and gorgeous.
5	You just can't wrong with this place with anything you order but...they make my absolutely favorite dish ever, I am talking #1, last meal status before they put me in the electric chair.The corkscrew pasta with sundried tomatoes and chicken... man is that dish to die for, put me on the electric chair so I can have my last meal and I'd do it all happily.
4	I liked this place... you felt like you were eating higher end food in Vegas. It's pretty packed in here but they still manage to get you in in a reasonable amount of time. It did taste like higher end Cheesecake Factory, though some of the food you could tell was extremely unhealthy from the levels of salt and grease/oil in them.I ordered the Rachel, a really great pastrami sandwich with coleslaw. The other dishes my party ordered all looked huge but nothing stood out quite like the chicken potpie. Huge chunks of veggies and protein, a perfectly baked crust, and a tasty, creamy inside... what's there not to like?!?It's a nice place to take a detour from if you want to avoid the buffets for now.
5	This place is definitely on the top of my list when dining in Vegas.  During a previous trip, we came here three times.  This time we only came here once since we were staying at the Mirage and didn't want to walk in the hot, sunny weather.We ordered the lunch special - half sandwich, soup and salad for $13ish to share.  Enough for two people if you're not hungry but just need a quick bite.Great service although it might be slower if it's during peak hours.  We went around 12-1pm so service was fast.Try the pastas!
3	Love Grand Lux. Corned beef hash is excellent.  One big problem during his visit was the Mrs found a hair in her fries. Waiter and manager handled it properly tho. Took it off our check and profusely apologized. Desserts r fantastic.
5	Grand Lux Cafe never fails. I would reccommend trying the breakfast buffet! $15 a person. Fresh breakfast and delicious omelettes to your liking!Large portions so if you;'re ordering appetizers make sure you share!
3	Came here on my first trip to Vegas, this place has a great variety of food so plenty of choices and the prices are decent. If your in the Palazzo looking for a casual not ridiculously priced dinner this is the place...my spicy chicken flatbread was ok nothing special
4	While staying at the Palazzo, I ended up at this place on more than one occasion and it grew on me.  The food is pretty good, and in big portions, but what I liked best was that it was open late and this ended up being the nightcap coffee and dessert spot for my colleagues and I.  A great little place to go to in the late evening.
3	Okay my review is a little biased because of the awful service we received. First let me say i have been to grand lux in houston several times, the food is delicious, low prices and the portions are huge. It was also highly convenient, open 24 hrs and in my hotel the Venetian right next to the casino tables, whats there not to love right...the service it was awful during the day, we waited over an hr for a turkey sandwich, no apologies from the manager it was like this was a normal thing i am very dissapointed at this level of service....i will only order to go next time.
4	Ate here today and just loved it! This was our 3rd visit here and I'm always impressed at how busy they are and how well they handle the customers. Waitress provided great service and had a great personality.  Food was excellent as usual for all Cheesecake Factory restaurants.   I had the corkscrew pasta w/sundried tomatoes and chicken and that was excellent. My husband had the Southwestern Salad which was also excellent with a lot of flavor.  My daughter's chicken picata was cooked perfectly.  We had a party of 10 and everyone left happy.  They have a lot of parking and it's close to the restaurant which is good for families like ours as we don't need to drag the kids very far to eat.
4	My friend and I decided to get a drink after watching Jersey Boys.  The staff was very accommodating when he requested a booth even though that area of the restaurant wasn't open.  So we ordered wine and ended up getting a vegetable flat bread for some late night munchies.  It was yummy.  Of course at the end of the night you can't NOT order some cheesecake.  :)
4	We do a lot of work in Vegas, often with a focus on conventions. When we're working at the Sands Convention Center, the Grand Lux is our standard choice for meals. The food quality is always good, the meals are a good size, the prices are very reasonable and the service is typically fair. The menu is HUGE so there's always something you'll find to eat and you can eat 2 meals a day at this restaurant for a week without having to get the same thing twice.We find this to be an easy choice when in Vegas and eat there several times during every trip. We've had many large parties there (never with a reservation) and many business meetings as well as quick lunches for two, all with equal success. Their lunch pizza and salad are YUMMY!
5	Grand Lux is one of my new staples in Vegas.  Everything I had there was delicious, and the staff was super friendly, the kind of people who make you want to give them a huge tip just 'cuz they're nice.
3	If you're staying at the Venetian, whether you like it or not, you will be eating second dinner at the lovely Grand Lux. Like a snazzier version of Cheesecake Factory, Grand Lux will give you everything you want at more at any hour of the night. The Ahi Sushi Roll is something I always order, Caesar Salad is a classic and the Fried Calamari hits the spot when you're craving a basket of fried. Hard to compare to some of the more opulent dining experiences in Vegas, but Grand Lux is reasonably priced, yummy and most importantly the few places on the strip open 24 hrs.
5	This is definitely one of the places I look forward to visitng every time I'm in vegas. Their food is really good... they have a huge variety and their portions are huge.  Definitely a must-try is their cream of chicken and mushroom soup! It is literally the BEST thing I have ever eaten in my life.... EVER! The service this time around was bad but I tell ya I really didn't care once I had that warm creamy delicious soup in my mouth... yes I still give it 5 stars..
4	I always stop here when I come visit Vegas. Located near the casino and elevators at the Venetian.I looooove the shrimp scampi pasta (i think that's what it's called)Linguini noodles with GINORMOUS grilled and partially battered shrimp with a light white wine sauce and tomatoes.we usually have to wait to be seated esp post club time... sometimes i get a little dizzy because of the floral smell -- i dont wanna smell flowers when I eat my shrimp!-1 for slippery floors!!! I always fear that I'll eat it real bad when I walk around here.YUM YUM YUM. You get what you pay for and maybe a little bit more.
4	If you like eating at Cheesecake Factory you will definitely feel at home in this restaurant. Service is efficient, servings are very adequate, food is not bad but not excellent,the menu selection is humongous and the ambiance and decor is good.
3	It's the retarded half brother of the Cheesecake Factory.Tons of food options, but I can't believe they don't have regular old standard nachos. Asian nachos yes, Mexican nachos no. Baffling. Seriously, I don't get it. The person who created the menu was like... hey, let's put everything in the world you can think of on this bar food menu except for NACHOS! That will be a great trick, we'll show those fatass Americans!But enough about the asshole who thought it was a good idea to make nachos with an Asian flair, because it wasn't, and that guy is just a douchecanoe.The only thing I get here is the flatbread chicken sandwich with no cheese. I had it the first time I went and there were no major post-dinner disasters. I'm afraid that if I eat anything else, the disaster in my bathroom will make the BP oil spill seem like a leaky faucet. Big plus for Sam Adams on draft, but not because that's rare, only because it's my favorite. 3 stars for being completely normal, the menu has enough options to please every single person that walks through the restaurant door.
3	Waffle was just ok.  The batter they use is more heavy than the light waffles I prefer.
5	Oh my goodness, I dont even know where to start with this place. I worked in the Palazzo so Grand Luxe was visited frequently by me and the girls I worked with. I have to say I've tried many of the items on the menu. For me, the appitizers are where it's at. The cheesesteak eggrolls are amazing! So are the Asian Nachos and Calamari. Hands down best calamari I've had anywhere. The batter is really light and this fish is so fresh! Pretty much, anything you get is good. The pizza, burgers, main dishes are all amazing. I hate saying that this place is connected to Cheesecake Factory because cheesecake factory is so hit and miss, on the other hand I was never unsatisfied with Grand Luxe unless they forgot my ranch or something like that when ordering it to go! I will miss this place more than anything about my previous job!
3	I see a lot of comparison to the Cheesecake Factory and I can see some of that.  The decor is quite similar and maybe some of the dishes are comparable, but the prices are a bit steeper.Since it was kinda late morning, I was still in the mood for breakfast.  I ordered an all meat omelette and some coffee.  The waiter was quite attentive as my coffee and water was always topped up.When my food came, I couldn't believe the omelette that came from this place.  The egg looked like a sheet if yellow plastic wrapping around chopped pieces of meat.  It looked like they were cooked separately rather than together as it should be.  After a few bites, I couldn't take it anymore and had to tell the waiter this was unacceptable.  It was also missing the shredded cheddar and he recognized it.  When the new omelette came out, it actually looked like egg this time.  The sad part is that I'm not too stuffed to eat any of it and wasn't about to take this home or back to the room.  I give the service 5 stars, but the restaurant 3 stars.  The meat was quite delish, but how can you screw up an omelette AND forget the cheese?
5	Excellent place, great value, good food and large portions. Our favorite place to eat in Vegas. Good breakfasts, kids can split entrees, they are huge. You can get out of here for 60 bucks for 4.
5	Every time I've been here I've had excellent service.My selection: Chicken and Waffles and a Sangria.
3	It was okay, went for breakfast, meal was decent, service acceptable. Coffee was horrific, waitress changed the cups and resolved that. Just not that great.
4	Ate here the first night my boyfriend and I got to Vegas. We were blown away by the decor of the restaurant, the quality of the food, the taste, and the price.I ordered the veggie pizza which might very well be the best veggie pizza I've ever had. The crust was soft yet crunchy on the bottom. The grilled veggies on top were amazing. All the flavors were amazing on the pizza. I think it was only $13. I had like 4 slices to take home after eating 4 in the restaurant. We went back a second time and got mashed potato stuff eggrolls for appetizer. They were pretty good but they needed something more. Maybe the bacon since we ordered it without. I was craving asian food and got the zen noodles thinking it was a stir fry. Turned out to be a makeshift version of pho. Not good. A miss with that one. But I'm still stuck on the amazing pizza so I forgive them for the noodles. My bf ate a burger which he said was really good. This place is also 24 hrs. Amazing ambiance, price, and food for Vegas! Watch out for crazy drunks at night.
5	This restaurant is delicious, and so different from other in-hotel restaurants by the fact that it doesn't suck! We had wonderful food and great service. It was seriously refreshing. I've been there late night after the club, and in the morning for breakfast, and have always been impressed. It's amazing how there is such variety on the menu, and it all tastes so good!
2	Soooo out of all the Grand Lux locations this has the WORST service and food is good...if it comes out right. For some reason its just not as great as the others. Brought friends here after bragging about it and was embarrassed. I'll stick to the one next door in the Venetian.
4	4.5 stars.I love this place! It's awesome.  I came here twice for lunch before, and the food is GREAT quality, GREAT price, GREAT portion size!  I got their carmelized thai chicken?  It was amazing.  For about $13 too!  The service is really good, and the setting is really nice (but it's also Vegas in The Palazzo, what can you expect?). It's good for both group outings, and a dinner for a couple.I will definitely come back again.
5	greatest service i ve ever had, they have those awesome ppl.all kind of food there r recommended, i m not a dessert person, but their desserts r really good
5	Yknow what? 24/7 open in the center of the strip, great sit down food to keep you refueled and ready to keep on going. I kept on getting the patty melts for protein and carbs to keep drinking and partying the night away!
4	Same owners as The Cheesecake Factory, so you can expect a similar menu and same size servings. Best part of this place is the staff - they are all super friendly and helpful. Every dining experience here was a pleasure. Great place to grab breakfast!
4	Okay, I refuse to believe this place is associated with the cheesecake factory. First and foremost, I hate cheesecake factory. HATE. Grand Lux Cafe? LOVE! So from now on, I'm going to pretend this is not a sister restaurant and move on with my life. This is going to be a repressed thought forever and there's no changing that. My boyfriend and I arrived in Vegas at almost 10 pm last Friday night after battling traffic nearly the whole way there. So after walking around from restaurant to restaurant on the mall floor of the Venetian that all closed at 10 pm, we were told that downstairs we would find Grand Lux which is open 24/7. We both sort of grumbled and figured we would be dining on fast food and excessive amounts of alcohol to make up for the lack of good cuisine. Much to our surprise, Grand Lux is actually a really awesome spot. Service was top-notch, our food was fantastic and the margaritas are legit. They're not like lime kool-aid tasting with maybe a hint of tequila. My boyfriend and I are margarita aficionados to the extreme. Actually, I've turned him into a margarita monster and now he orders them at all times, even when they're utterly inappropriate. For me, I kept within the Mexican theme and ordered the flautas. Holy shit, they're so light and fluffy on the outside yet still have a nice crunch when you bite in them - and the roasted veggies on the inside were cooked to perfection. You know how sometimes roasted veggies turn into mush or amalgamate into something that tastes like burned baby food? Well, not here. They were superb. I don't remember what my boyfriend ate... Not at all. Probably because I was too busy having a mouthgasm over the flautas. Combined with their cadillac margi... Hello, perfection. When I'm in Vegas again I'll probably be coming here more than once. or more than twice. or maybe just eat here for every meal until I get sick of them. This is probably the best chain I've ever been to.
5	I went here two times in the past couple of months, and I just adore it. It definitely feels like Cheesecake Factory, but the food, atmosphere and service are far superior. The first time, I split a penne pasta dish with my best friend. It was tasty--excellent recipe. The second time, I split the mushroom burger with my mom. Even better. They combined four types of mushrooms and made a veggie patty out of it. It was a little messy, but totally worth it. We also enjoyed a fruit smoothie, which was fancy and delicious.Notice a pattern? The portions are pretty generous, so you might want to split an entree if you don't want to take leftovers home. The hostesses and servers are very professional. Love it! Will be back.
3	I ordered the namesake Grand Lux Burger Melt. You'd think that the marquee burger and a fancy schmancy place like Grand Lux would deliver. But the only thing it delivered was disappointment. Super greasy, dripping with dressing, cheese, and oil. I know, that almost sounds good. But when biting parmesan cheese bread has the same texture as biting into a pair of wet kitchen sponges, there's something unappetizing about that.Granted, it was very late at night, one or two in the morning, so we missed prime time by more than a few hours. If there's anything I'd compare this Grand Lux to, it would be a ornate and glorified Denny's. And even then, I could see myself coming back.
5	Whenever I'm in Vegas, I live here. If you ever lose me I'm probably at the Grand Lux eating their Santa Barbara sandwich or ordering a box of their delicious chocolate chip cookies. Same thing as Cheesecake Factory, but better. There's something for everyone. One day you can eat a burger, and the next day Mongolian BBQ. Such a great restaurant with amazing service. They just seriously need to fix their slippery floors. I always feel like I'm going to slip and fall.
4	A great upscale diner in Las Vegas.  It is one of my favorite places for breakfast.  If you are in a hurry, the bar and counter are great.  Service is wonderful, and the buffet is very complete.  I love the coffee here, and the omelette station.  Waffles and pancakes are made to order, and the fruit selection and oatmeal are some of the best you will find in a buffet.  My only complaint is that the bagels are just okay--not New York bagels, and the scrambled eggs need to be more evenly cooked and not so well done.  All in all this is a great restaurant.  We need these on the East Coast!
5	My boyfriend and I came here after his mom picked this cafe out and I'd have to say she made an excellent choice. Service: Excellent, we arrived 15 minutes before 11:00 (when lunch starts) and our waitress let us know that we could choose from both the breakfast and the lunch menu as long as we let her know within 10 minutes so that she could get the order into the kitchen. Food: I ordered the Sunday Night Pasta and it was excellent. It may seem like a ripoff since it's 17.50 for spaghetti with meat sauce but it was totally worth it. The meat sauce was so flavorful, it's made with chunks of beef short ribs and steak. Even after I was full, I wanted to keep eating to finish the rest of it. What I didn't like was that despite the fact the restaurant wasn't that busy, for some reason the food took forever to come out or what felt like forever.
4	I ordered some burger with bacon and short ribs and onions and mushrooms. There were no short ribs on it at all. But even without it, the burger was awesome.
5	Great food at very affordable prices. Got a yummy cheese burger on this cheese bread, lots of cheese I know, but it was delish. HUGE portion. I was barely able to eat half of it. And I was pissed I couldn't take it with me, it was that good. Got a nice fruity drink here as well.Our server was super sweet, very attentive.Awesome place, especially if you are looking to cut the trip budget a bit.
4	I love cheesecake factory so no doubt I would also love this place. We had lunch here. The double stuffed potato Spring roll is divine. I ordered cheese enchilada and it was great. The service was  also excellent.  We actually came back for breakfast for the affordable price. My omelet was huge and the fresh squeeze OJ was great.  If you stay at palazzo they will deliver food to your room.
3	Ah, Grand Lux, I've seen through your thinly veiled facade: YOU'RE JUST A CHEESECAKE FACTORY IN DISGUISE! Seriously, even the ambiance and decor screams Cheesecake Factory! Not that it's a bad thing...Same thing happens here with the menu...there's so much variety that you find yourself flipping through the 392 pages still trying to narrow down your choices. Because NO hotel in Vegas has microwaves to rehash leftovers later, Grand Lux is a great place to split. The boyfriend had so much Carbonara pasta leftover that it could definitely feed another person. Definitely good, but GREASY. Same goes for my Caramel Chicken. Had we known things would be circus-sized, we would have split. The prices might sticker shock you, but they're fair given the portion sizes!Treat yourself to a Macchiato here. The whipped cream alone is totally worth it. How the hell do they get cream whipped so firm and delicious?
4	How could you not be a fan of Grand Lux? The menu is a collection of restaurant favorites with a gourmet twist and is basically 10 pages of crazily portioned goodness. My friends ordered the mega appetizer platter which was basically 3 different plates filled with gourmet apps. The few I tried were equally delicious. Every time I have gone here I always get the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich mainly because of its sheer size and deliciousness. If you are looking for an inexpensive meal that is way too big to finish definitely try the chicken sandwich.All in all this place is just a classy establishment with friendly, quick service and delicious food(if you can get through the gigantic menu). If you are staying at the Venetian or you just want a semi-inexpensive lunch/dinner that is on par with gourmet food make your way to Grand Lux.
4	A little oasis of sanity in the surreal world of Vegas. Offers a full takeoit menu, a real plus in this town - sometimes you just don't want to sit in a cliche casino restaurant. Service was quick, cheerful and I got 15 minutes of peace, waiting on my soup and salad. Food is always good at Grand Lux (my personal favorite is just off the Magnificent Mile in Chicago). Prices are very reasonable - normal entree pricing ranging from 10 to 25+. Skip the "name" joints, go to Grand Lux for good food that's not going to break the budget
3	Food here is great. I eat here at least once ever vegas trip (usually 2-3 times) and I've never been disappointed. I've had the crispy flautas, chicken pasta w/ sun-dried tomatoes and mushrooms, pasta carbonara, pasta molino, and others and loved them all. The portions are HUGE too--perfect to split with your friend or to have leftovers for more munchies when you're drunk again 4 hrs later. And if you go during lunch, they have lunch-sized portions (which are still big) of the pastas for a few bucks cheaper. My only complaint is the service. Just as I've never been disappointed by the food, I've never been happy with the service. The bread often comes out after the food and a few pointed requests for it, the food always takes forever to be served, and the waitresses rarely come by to check on our table to refill our drinks or see how we're doing. I understand their desire to give us a wide berth when our party is a group of 12 drunkasses, but it's been like that even when I've gone with 2 other girls completely sober and composed in the middle of the afternoon.
4	The food is always solid here, it may as well be called the cheesecake factory because everything tastes the same.  I laugh because my friends always go lets go to Grand Lux because it's cheap there, then we never really get out paying less than $20 a person for just the meal no drinks, lol.  Yeah it's cheap for Vegas, but when you eat here for late dinner everynight (3am or so) it adds up for just drunkie food, lol.  If you've only got a half hour to dine, call ahead to order because the service isn't that quick.
5	The food is great and the prices aren't too shabby. The portions are huge, so I think the prices are pretty fair. I've tried the chicken picata, the chicken pasta w/ sun-dried tomatoes, and the Tahitian martini. The chicken picata was so good, even the leftovers were great the next day, the same thing goes for the chicken pasta with sun dried tomatoes, it was great. The martini was tasty, but not enough alcohol for my personal taste. And interestingly enough Grand Lux Cafe was also created by the same people who came up with Cheesecake Factory.
4	BREAKFAST BUFFETTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT.  Thats all that is needed to be said.  JK!I've been here a few times and service is always great.  They can get packed so it's really a hit or miss when you come.  They have a decent selection on their menu and the waiter or waitress is always willing to suggest their best dish.  I personally like the Mediterranean mahi mahi.  BEST MAHI EVER.
4	Good food for decent prices if you are in Vegas with a group of friends.  It beats your 4am McDonald's runs that we kept on having every night there.  We wanted to check out a nearby restaurant that wasn't fine dining but at the same time, a nice sit in place for a group of 10.  This was the perfect place.Yes... Everything about this place reminds you of Cheesecake Factory, but with better decor!!  It's right downstairs in the Palazzo when you enter its casino from the escalators.  Good spot to hit when you are staying across the street at TI hotel also.  They were very quick to seat us and we were able to sit all together in a booth.Service was pretty quick since they tried to serve everyone's dishes at the same time.  The place wasn't overly crowded for a lunchtime meal, which was awesome since we were starved.  I ordered the pasta carbonara.  It wasn't too creamy and too thick, which made it a bit lighter.  Not enough bacon pieces or meat though.  Perfect dish to fill your stomach up after a drunking night escapade!Don't forget!!  There are LUNCH PORTIONS!!!  Lunch portions are more than enough already and comes with a salad!!!Advice: If you want leftovers, buy something like pizza to keep in the room... Unless you have a penthouse or something that has a microwave. haha!
4	I was in the Palazzo and figured I'd stop by the newest Grand Lux for a lunch before skipping town. I ordered the Burger Max and replaced the fries with sweet potato. The service was a little below average but the food was great. The Burger Max is a big burger (10 oz?) with bacon, cheddar cheese, and short ribs. They cooked the burger perfectly, which is nice because most places won't do a medium-rare burger despite it being a scientifically proven fact that medium-rare is the only way to consume a burger for maximum taste. The burger was amazing. I'd easily put it in my top 10 burgers of all-time. And even though the thing will probably cost me several days of my life, I don't regret eating it at all and would do it many times over again. The sweet potato mash was pretty tasty as well (although I had actually ordered sweet potato FRIES). Food was a 5. Service was a 3. Overall 4.
4	Philly cheese-steak springrolls!!!  Even better at 2 in the morning.
5	how can you not love this place? its awesome that its 24 hrs. definitely the perfect spot for some late night grub after drinking and getting your groove on at the club. my friends and i actually stopped here for lunch. the food is very much like cheesecake factory. they have a huge menu! once you think you've decided on something theres another page with so many other choices. i ordered the cobb salad which was pretty hearty. my friends shared the margarita pizza and blt sandwich...both of which were very good as well. our waitress was great, super nice and attentive. don't forget to order some of the freshly baked chocolate chip cookies! so good....
1	I seriously hate chain restaurants. I hate Cheesecake Factory the most. I knew this was an affiliate...But my friend (who is a very picky/simple eater) wouldn't go with us to any restuarant unless he recognized the name--note to self: don't let plain/picky eaters choose the restaurant... I knew it was going to be bad but I endulged him. YUCK! I couldn't finish a quarter of what I ordered. My friend (the plain eater)ordered a club sandwich and fries. My other friend (she shares my sentiments) ordered the Steak with Sweet potatoes. I ordered the Chicken and Waffles (per a fellow Yelper's recommendation and the fact that I thought this is an easy meal to make). My friend's $34 steak was so gross. Dry, fatty and tough. My chicken was breaded chicken tenders. I had one. Gross. The waffle was average and served with sprinkled pecans but something I feel could have been cooked up at IHOP. My other friend thought it was great. He also only eats at Fast Food restuarants and American food only.The only upside: Our cute waiter Rudy Morales. Really nice. He was an MMA fighter and talked about his training, etc. Cool guy.
3	Landed.  Got to the hotel.  First restaurant I saw.  It is glorified good diner.  I got the Southwest Chicken Salad.  It is big and filling and it was fresh.   It was prechopped and the dressing was added so it was easy to eat with no chopping.   Ingredients were fresh and you can get healthier food here and the menu is big...just like a dinner.   You can eat here all day and night.
5	An upgraded cheesecake factory.  Everytime I go food is great.  I like the duck potstickers.  The fresh baked chocolate chip cookies are also good.  When I'm in Vegas I usually stop in at least once.
4	Great restaurant that stays open until at least 3am (for you late-nighters coming home from Tao or Lavo). It's very much in the same style as cheesecake factory (they are owned by the same company). Lots of choices and huge portions. I think my pasta dish lasted me three mealtimes total! Loved the pasta fresca, though it got a bit oily towards the bottom. I also liked the carbonara but wished the bacon was a little less salty.
4	Vegas Baby!! = Headache Baby!!!Remedy? The best Bloody Mary I've ever had!Results = Happy Me!Wow after having a LONG night of boozing and partying with the girls we stopped in for lunch before we got back to reality. I don't remember what I exactly ate because I was most likely still drunk at noon but I do remember enjoying it. While I was trying to enjoy lunch I could not concentrate on my food because I had this raging headache.. I obviously looked hung over so the nice waitress suggested one of their bloody marys. She brought it out and right away i can tell that it wasnt a regular bloody mary mix it indeed was a bloody mary made from scratch with the works. People I suggest you come in and have one of these because it did cure my headache and it was sooooo good. This a definite must next time I'm in Vegas!
4	This restaurant is located in the Palazzo. This place is owned by the people who own the Cheesecake Factory I believe. I love eating here because there's so many choices an the portions are huge. I like rating at this location better than the Venetian because there are more tables and the ambiance is much brighter. The breakfast items are delicious and the appetizers are too. I suggest the seared ahi! I love the salads too, very fresh ingredients. The only bad thing is service is a bit slow and this place has always been busy whenever I have came here.  ^_^*~
4	Went By here based on a recommendation of a guy we met in line while buying tickets We have had all three meals here, I highly recommend the place for Lunch, the food was great, and the portions were large. We went here four times over the week we were in town and will be going back. The only down side was the perfume the Casino uses in the Venusian to hide the smell of smoke.
4	Wait person was excellent.  Food items presented nicely and everything tasted great.  Definitely going back.  A plus is that you can order breakfast any time.
5	When it comes to Vegas, I think everyone has that one "spot" that you always hit up because it never disappoints. GRAND LUX IS MY SPOT!!!There are two locations, one in the Venetian and the other in the Palazzo. Now before you Vegas "know-it-alls" get all CRAZY on me, I realize the two hotels are located right next to each other. The reason why there are two of them is because one is ALWAYS open 24 hours, but they switch it every now and then. And since I'm a frequent guest of either hotel, this place is a GODSEND when you finally stroll into your hotel at dawn!!Yes...it is owned by the same company as Cheesecake Factory, but I find it far superior in service, quality, selection and overall satisfaction. The food is awesome and not overpriced like everything else in Vegas. I almost never get the same thing, but I do enjoy the burgers and pastas. To be honest, we usually only go here to get the FRESHLY BAKED COOKIES!!! OMG...THEY ARE YUMMMMMMMMO!! They really do make them to order, so if you're planning on having them for desert, make sure you let your waiter know when they bring your food because they take about 25-30 minutes. Or...you can get them to go and they are perfect DRUNK FOOD!!All in all...definitely my "go to" restaurant in Vegas!!
4	Yes I know it's a chain, which is a 4-letter word around here, but I have always had a great experience at the Grand Lux.  The service is always EXCELLENT -- very fast and friendly and professional.  And every dish I've tried has been delicious.  Huge portions, too.My favorite is the Caramel Chicken.  Get over the fact that it's a chain restaurant and try it!  You'll like it!It can be a little loud, if you're trying to have a deep conversation, and it can definitely be a bit pricey... but you're down on the Strip. What do you expect?
5	Wish we'd found this place earlier. Good food, good drinks, big portions, GREAT prices!
5	wow! this place is so good! i couldnt' stop raving about the coffee! and the service! and the great menu! only problem is they stop breakfast at 11am...who gets up before 11am to eat in vegas???? arrgghghh...
4	We were meeting friends staying at the Venetian and since I am mostly vegetarian, they suggested this place because of the variety that was available. Its a casual and upbeat place..The waiter was very helpful and prompt and made good suggestions. The menu was extensive with several options and I simply loved the cheesecake!!!!!The food, ambience and price was right and we had a lovely afternoon. Will be going back...
5	This has quickly become a go-to location for my friends & I because of their wide-open hours, affordable prices, breakfast buffet and pretty top-notch service. You wouldn't even be able to tell they were a chain until you looked at the take out bag and realized it looked eerily familiar to the Cheesecake Factory's design ... oh hey, that's their parent chain. Food? Right on and HUGE portions. - Their salad & lunch pasta deal is perfect for a big helping of delicious pasta and a nice small side salad.-  Even their non-alcoholic drinks are delicious, I got some berry fizz thing blended with 3 kinds of berries and mixed with Sprite and soda. It came to my table flaunting itself like a giant blended tropical drink with skewers of strawberries and pineapple. - Asian wonton nachos were decadent but I could only stomach one or two. Deep fried pieces of wonton are smothered with chicken, peanut sauce and wasabi drizzle. Intenseeee. Shout out to our lovely waiter (can't remember his name anymore) but after politely asking why we were in Vegas for the weekend, he came back with two birthday plates of a simple but elegant dessert. Big birthday "cards" of crispy sweet phyllo dough were presented to us with a dash of whipped cream and sprinkles complete with a lit candle. Absolutely unexpected, especially in the middle of the day and he really made us feel special for being there! Thanks for having a great selection of food and such wonderful service, especially for a chain restaurant.
2	I have never been so upset with a dinner and not because it tasted bad.  It was mislabeled as far as I am concerned.  I thought I was ordering some fusion noodle dish but instead they served me pho.  And it was a mediocre bowl at that and $13.  That's ridiculous.  Pho is supposed to be dirty and wrong and at MOST $9 with tip.  I could not believe it!  And I had to ask for hoisin sauce.  Thank goodness they at least had that.On the flip side, the spinach cheese dip was amazing.  I wish there were more chips but besides that I would have plopped it on anything including my pho.
4	This is a great restaurant with delicious food. Last night I went there for the first time and loved the big selection on menu items. We ordered the Grand Lux Burger and the Buffolo Chicken Rols. Very flavorful and tasty. The burgers were a little too fatty for my taste, because the bread had cheese on it and was fried, I think.  I would have given this restaurant 5 stars but the service wasn't that great this time. I would definitely go there again though and try their other dishes and also try a dessert.
4	Came after clubbing at XS.Ordered the Avocado-Chipotle BurgerBig Portions/Good Price/Good PriceFood: BOMBTheres two, the ones thats like 24-hours is at the PalazzoToo bad I puked it all out five minutes after I was done...4.5 stars!
4	If you're wandering through the Venetian, and grow hungry, this is a nice choice for dining at a reasonable price.While marching through on the way to an expo nearby, I'd stopped in here for an impromptu lunch. The waiter was quick and helpful and my chicken fettucini alfredo appeared soon after ordering. Almost too quick....But it was tasty and the portions were large. Enough that I didn't need to eat dinner that night. And the price for this gargantuan portion was in the range of $13. The menu appears expansive and the place is open until 2/3 am (and opens in the morning at 6). If I was staying at the Venetian, I'd see no need to eat anywhere else.
1	This review is purely for the late night dining. We ordered take out here one night and the wait for 2 simple orders was about 30-40 minutes. Then we decided to give them a chance to redeem themselves and ordered the very next night. The wait was AGAIN about 30-40 minutes, but for ONE order. It wasn't even busy. There is no reason food, TAKE OUT FOOD, should take that long to prepare. The food itself was OK, but the reason I will never be back for late night take out ordering will be the wait time. Absolutely, inexcusably ridiculous.
4	Just returned from our stay at the Palazzo (December 21-23).  We received complimentary Continental Breakfast tickets for breakfast at Grand Lux Cafe with our reservation.  Had the option to upgrade to their breakfast buffet for $8.50 per person and did.  There were 8 persons in our group and everyone enjoyed the buffet.  The orange juice was freshly squeezed, oat meal freshly made, and the eggs, ham, waffles, bacon, sausage, fruit, hash browns.........everything was delicious.  For $8.50 per person, it was a bargain.  I understand that the regular charge for the buffet is $16.  So if you are staying at the Venetian/Palazzo for your stay in Las Vegas, be sure to ask them to include the complimentary breakfast buffet.
2	My opinion : Avoid at all costs. The food was pretty bad, and we tried their pizza and asian nachos. It was pretty gross, no need to elaborate. When in Vegas and surrounded with many options, this should not be one of them.
4	Finally a reasonably priced casual dining option in Vegas!I personally see this place as an almost duplicate to Cheesecake Factory in terms of food, menu, quality, decor, etc.Great for salads and yummy appetizers.  Breakfast too!
5	Affordable dining on the strip, especially for the Palazzo hotel. We were surprised at how big and cheap the meals were. Service is good (our waiter one night was David T. and he was as good as they come). Great for big groups, they'll get you in & out real quick so you can get back to losing your money in the casino!
2	My wife and I ate here last night, before seeing Jersey Boys. I don't understand why all the high ratings. This place has mediocre food at outrageous prices.We arrived @ 5 pm and was quickly seated. The place is pretty large, and the 20 or so groups in the restaurant only occupied perhaps 20% of the tables. At first, I thought our waiter was very attentive. However, as the evening wore on, he became more of a pest... This place has a large menu. My wife is recently from Japan and does not read English that fast, and are unfamiliar with many of the dishes, so I have to explain many of them to her. Despite the fact that I told our waiter I will need about 10 minutes before we're ready to order, he kept coming back every minute or two to ask if I was ready to order... what's his hurry?We ordered alcoholic drinks. Funny, prices for alcoholic drinks are not on the menu... this should have given me a clue, but.... My wife and I both ordered Mohitos. They were $11 a pop.... this is nightclub bar prices... outrageous.Then we shared chicken lettuce wraps $10, and a short rib sandwich w/fries $13The lettuce wrap had good flavor but too much.  The taste was too thick, and after 2 bites, it quickly became too salty.The short rib sandwich w/caramelized onion and melted cheese was very bland.I would not go back here again.
4	Even though they have one at the Beverly Center in California, I've eaten here the last two times i've been to Vegas. I think if you're looking for a nice, decent, comfortable, affordable place to eat after you've spent a good amount of money gambling, this is the place. The portions are huge and we all couldnt finish all our food! I had the salmon thats prepared three different ways and I LOVED IT! We also ordered the beignets(sp?) for dessert and it was waay better than the ones at Disneyland. I highly recommend this place if you dont feel like eating at any of the other high end restaurants in Vegas. The only thing is that our server messed up on our bill by charging us twice for gratuity or something (my friend figured it out, I wasnt paying attention) and he barely came back to check on us or refill our drinks. We also ate here on a Sunday night around 10 so it wasnt too busy.
5	the prices are decent (especially taking into consideration this place is located inside the palazzo), and the selection is huge.  plus, it's open 24 hours.  it feels a lot like cheesecake factory, and they even have cheesecake factory desserts here.  i'm guessing they're sister companies, but i digress.  i figured i had to eat light, since i had loaded up on beer (guiness at that), so i went with the roasted beet and goat cheese salad.  the hazelnuts were a nice touch!  high five chef guy!  and the goat cheese was quality.  it didn't taste at all like the cheap stuff that tastes like dirty barn animal smell.  i am a happy camper
4	Have any of you ever had the feeling where you just can't stand another buffet in Vegas?  Or just simply sick and tired of looking at all the food stations with endless possibilities for a potential food coma? (Well I never had that problem but people in my party certainly had that predicament)  So I guess I will just have to follow suit and take in a regular dining facility instead of the glamorous world of buffet heaven.I've been to a Grand Lux before so it wasn't anything new to me.   It is the sister restaurant of Cheesecake Factory's therefore I have no complaints here at all.  Just like any Cheesecake's you've been to it's got lavish decor, dim lighting, and of course, endless options on their menu.It's a typical California (cheesecake factory) fare where you can pretty much get anything and everything.. so here are the dishes that our party have ordered!Polynesian Salad!  Citrusy flavored dressing with a hint of sweetness all rolled into one drizzled upon a pyramid like salad concoction.  The veggie temple was build with a foundation of mixed greens and tiered off by giant wonton crisps!  It's pretty much the sister version of the Luau Salad at the Cheesecake factory... one of the most delicious salads for a nice sit down restaurant!Grand Cobb Salad:  It's grand but actually not as large portioned as the Polynesian salad.  It's got all your typical culprits in a cobb (avocado, bacon, turkey, egg whites, etc..) All dressed in bleu cheese!  (I thought it was ranch..  Yuck!  I hate Blue Cheese!!!  However, when I actually gave it a try, the dressing as actually tasty and bearable!  (I simply cannot handle bleu cheese) So that's actually tasty as well!Madeira Chicken:  Didn't get to try this out but according to our friends, it was tasty!  (I'm not a big chicken breast dish kind of guy so I never order these things)  I'll just take their word for it!Spicy Flat Bread Chicken Sandwich:  Same as above as I didn't get to try the sammy, but it was gone from my buddy's plate so that's a good sign!  Gotta try that next time!Slow Roasted Short Ribs of Beef:  Great BBQ flavor!  It's your typical BBQ flavor dish but definitely tasty!  (With BBQ you really cannot go wrong unless you overcook it which will make it super dry and gross)  But it was nicely flavored, juicy, and delicious overall!  (huge portion too! as it was served with veggies and mash Potato!)Fried Calamari:  Highlight alert!  This is one of the best Calamari that I've ever had in many different places!  They fried their calamari along with veggies and rock shrimp to create the most heavenly dish (one of my all time favorites!) served with ranch and spicy aioli dressing!  I'm telling you, if you were to pick one dish to get at Grand Lux, this one is highly highly recommended!  Oh... did I mention the portion for this is huge?  Well you bet it is!  Totally worth every penny!Lastly, service was awesome as it comes to expected being affiliated with cheesecake Factory.  They brought out wrong salad dressing for me and when I asked for it, 2 different wait staff came out with the dressing!  (Now I got 3!)  Great attention to customer's needs is definitely a plus!So there you have it, Grand Lux Cafe, opens 24 hrs, in Venetian or Palazzo, and will serve your morning, noon, dinner, or late night dining needs in case you are totally turned off by the buffets of  Vegas!  A terrific alternative yet decently priced!
4	I always want to come here whenever I come to Vegas. Food is great and in huge portions. I think this is probably opened by the same corp as Cheesecake Factory because the menu looks similar.Highly recommend:- Miso Salmon (salmon is very tender with just the right amount of miso)- Chinese Chicken Salad- Berry Fizz (blended with 3 different berries w/ sprite)I'd give this place 5 stars but the waitress we had was really not attentive. She was really slow and forgot to bring our food.
4	This is basically a Cheesecake Factory, with a slightly smaller menu (though it's still a HUGE menu). There's two relatively close to each other here in Vegas - one at the Venetian and one at the Palazzo. The Palazzo location is WAY better (service, environment).I love the burgers here, but you can't go wrong with any of the pasta dishes.
3	Cheesecake Factory look-a-like. Grand Lux comes from the same Cheesecake Factory brand, but offers a slightly different menu and approach to please the appetite. On my visit it was a lunch date while I was visiting the family in LV. I went for the caramel chicken, I have not idea why, but it sound yummy and oddly enough it was tasty. Reminded me a bit of the sweet and sour chicken (ya know the kind with the breading). But the sauce was smooth and creamy with a hint of sweet like caramel flavor. The red velvet cheesecake was just down right amazing and that would be the reason I love Cheesecake Factory! :)
4	Like almost all of the other reviewers said, this place definitely is a sibling of Cheesecake Factory. You can tell by its decor as well as the menu (there were a lot of dishes that were the same from Cheesecake Factory). Service: Once I walked in, there was a nice ambiance around me, and we were seated immediately. Our waiter was very helpful and made sure we were comfortable with our food and kept checking up on us every so often.Food: For appetizers, I ordered the spinach dip -- pretty good. I ordered the pasta with chicken, sun-dried tomatoes, and mushrooms, hoping that since this restaurant is from Cheesecake Factory, it would taste the same as the dish I usually order at CF. I was somewhat wrong. The cream sauce Grand Lux uses for that dish has a rather distinct/weird taste, and I didn't like it enough to finish the plate.I definitely would come here again to try the other dishes. The pricing is pretty decent too. Also, I hear it's open late (although the Grand Lux at The Venetian opens 24 hrs), so that's definitely a plus for people who are dancing the night away and get a little rumble in their stomach. (=
3	I have eaten here many, many times, sometimes twice a day, and previously left a great review.  However, while I consumed compressed turkey loaf on Thanksgiving, I realized how you just don't know what kind of service or food you are going to get at this place.  One waitress was awesome, one waiter vanished into thin air for most of our visit, one was a crabby old lady who berated me for asking what was the soup of the day after I gave her my drink order when my husband hadn't given his drink order yet.  Yelling at me then wasn't enough, she continued to humiliate and belittle me through the rest of our meal.  Our whole party was astonished at her rudeness.It's actually a great place to eat, I just downgraded my review because I have had such a mixed bag of experiences while dining there.  In general, it's good and I would go again, but I could go for more consistency.
4	When you already have a hard-on for The Cheesecake Factory, it's easy to be attracted to it's refined, classy sister for a casual affair.Usually try to stop in at least once when I'm in town.  It's a big place so it's not too long a wait.  They're open late and good for groups after midnight.  Menu is pretty similar to CAKE (Am I the only one that refers to companies by their tickers?).  I like the Joe's scramble for breakfast.  It's a huge plate of ground beef n eggs.  Of course, the usual staple of mine, the jambalaya is good stuff as well.
4	The food at the Grand Lux is really delicious.  I ended up ordering the miso glazed salmon and it was AMAZING.  The salmon doesn't have that "fishy" type after taste and the glaze really set the meal off.  My date had the crispy caramel chicken, which might be one of the top things that I've ever tasted.It's really hard to explain but that chicken had a nice flavor to it, very nice texture and was accompanied by a bed of rice.  The crispy chicken is smothered by a nice Thai caramel sauce and comes with onions, mushrooms, garlic, as well as a few other spices.  I'd have to recommend going with that.The prices are actually pretty good as well.  The portions are pretty huge so the prices were justified.  If you're staying at the Palazzo or Venetian, I'd definitely recommend dining here.
4	mmkay well im only writing this review because of how delicious my Chicken Alfredo was here. Can't believe nobody has posted a picture or written anything about it thus far (or at least the reviews I read didn't mention it). Yes, it's a pretty generic dish to order. You're probably asking, "How tasty could it be??" I was very surprised by not only the speedy service but also how thoroughly cooked/seasoned the chicken was, pasta were perfect in length and the entire dish not overwhelmed by the Alfredo sauce. I could go on an on, i guess just look at the picture I post and imagine it to be 3 times as delicious as it looks?? p.s. portions are huuuge
3	Breakfast at the bar really works. Service can be a bit slow but the quality is very good. Would rate it higher if they left the coffee pot at your table. Gotta keep an eye out for the server to get a refill. They have an ample breakfast buffet plus a menu with many options. Price point is reasonable. This GLC has a more attractive atmosphere than the one in the Venetian.
4	Somebody once told me this place was just like Cheesecake Factory...only in Vegas! And come to think of it, that's a pretty good way to describe this place. There's a pretty extensive menu to choose from for Breakfast, Lunch, & Dinner.Tip: BIG portions. I ordered a chicken and pasta dish and it was big enough to feed two people...maybe three. Ask to be seated at a table in the bar area, I think its quieter than the regular dining area.The food is good and nice to have someone bringing you food and drink instead of standing in buffet lines. Best thing I ate there were the duck potstickers - it came with 7-8 pieces and I was trying not to hog them all.
4	Their ribeye steak was way yummier than Bouchon upstairs! I'll be back.
5	My wife and I spent 3 days in Vegas, staying at the Palazzo. With so many restaurants to choose from, we still ate at the Grand Lux once everyday, which allowed us to try breakfast and lunch at the Grand Lux Palazzo, and dinner at the Grand Lux Venetian - it was that good! Really! In fact, if you consider "value for money", I think it can't be beat anywhere in Vegas.The service is wonderful, attentive and friendly. The ambiance is what you would expect for a hotel as nice as the Palazzo or the Venetian, yet the atmosphere is very unassuming and not at all stuffy, like either Batali's or Lagasse's restaurants. And the prices are very reasonable for such high quality food!Between us we tried the Grand Lux breakfast sandwich (served all day in case you missed breakfast, as I did), regular ol' eggs, bacon, toast (done perfectly with bacon that was crispy and not greasy, baked perhaps?) and the breakfast buffet (we both enjoyed it, but my wife thought there should have been more variety). Just days before visiting Vegas, I had been reminiscing about enjoying Sloppy Joe's as a kid, so when I saw it on the Grand Lux menu, I had to try it. It was made, I believe, with rib meat instead of hamburger, and served on brioche bread instead of a bun, with fries. I told my wife that it was the best Sloppy Joe I have ever had!My wife ate a mushroom pasta dish which she enjoyed and I munched on some buffalo chicken rolls that were absolutely wonderful! The pasta was delicious and she regretted being unable to take it home and put the leftovers in the fridge. Portion size is always more than enough. The chicken rolls were made out of chicken breast (done perfectly), placed into spring roll covers, with cheese, then deep fried, served with wonderful buffalo dipping sauce. Wow! I washed the chicken rolls down with a couple glasses of Texas Tea (think Long Island). Unlike the food, drinks will set you back some, but it was worth it for at least one celebratory evening.Oh, and because it is a Cheesecake Factory restaurant (yes, it really is!), we shared a piece of white chocolate raspberry truffle cheesecake, and you know how good that must have been - and it was. Yum! BTW, the menu is definitely different from Cheesecake Factory, although you will still find some of your favorites there, if that is what you are looking for. So, if you are staying anywhere on the Las Vegas strip, do yourself a favor and take the time to eat at the Grand Lux restaurant in either the Palazzo or Venetian. You will NOT be sorry!
3	What more can I say? If you like the Cheesecake Factory you'll like the Grand Lux Cafe. Again, the portions are huge. For 4 girls, we ordered 4 different entrees but clearly we should have shared. Even for late night eating, the food is decent. Service was great! Our waitress refilled our drinks while we waited. And was kind enough to let us know that our food will take awhile to come out.
4	I think we ate every meal here.Giant portions.I had a patty melt one night, then some spicy chicken dish another night, and then i had lunch here too which was a slurry of burgers fries and soups. Everything is actually really good here. our friends managed to order a lot of this flat bread thing that was really good too.Thinh L's burger (the Max?) was overcooked and they didnt even bring it out because they knew it was overcooked so they brought him a new one with a box of cookies. warm fresh cookies.Update once i remember what i ate. Hey its vegas. We're always drunk.
4	Almost 3 am on a saturday (technically sunday morning) AND THEY'RE STILL OPEN, HORRAY.. yeah i know I'm lame for coming back from the club so early!.. but after 3 am this palazzo location wont let you in SO you'll have to try the venetian location which opens laterCOMPLIMENTARY sour dough bread as you sit and wait... though its nothing spectacularFOOD CAME OUT FAST.. although time may have been flying by faster in my somewhat intoxicated mind..---short rib grilled cheese was pretty TASTY---ahi tuna burger was yummy too (but i'd definitely get the short rib sammie over this one!) the waiter was really nice & accommodating! he never rushed us even though we got in just before closing!
4	Note: this is cheesecake factory's sister chain.This was a definite turn from all the fast food and buffets in Vegas. After the club, early in the wee morning.. we stumbled drunk into the Grand Lux in the Palazzo since it was closer than walking to the Venetian. The waiters seemed more than happy to assist our drunken selves which was good.. hah. The group had burgers and salads and it was delicious.. or it could have been because we were all tired and drunk and any food was good food. Nonetheless this was the place to be at after a long night of drinking and dancing in Viva Las Vegas.
4	Ate here multiple times while staying at the Palazzo. The location is convenient and there is a good variety of well made food. Long hours and overall decent prices compared to similar food in this area. This isn't necessarily the most creative place to grab a meal while in Vegas. However, when you are having an extended stay for a convention you can only afford to eat at so many trendy restaurants. Grand Lux was a staple in my diet during that week.
4	This place is great! This was our 2nd time and we sat in the bar again. There food selection is great, and there portions are HUGE. We split 2 appetizers and we were full! Customer service tonight wasn't that great but we will definitely go back.
3	Convenient location near the guest lobby elevators. Had to wait a little for a table, but the service was professional. I enjoyed the Chicken Meatball Sandwich, and the atmosphere was reminiscent of The Cheesecake Factory. Their menu choices were endless, so you won't have to worry about having choices - and it is a little less expensive than most Vegas spots.
4	Another time, another place, I would have relentlessly made fun of anyone who wanted to dine at a high-end Cheesecake Factory while in the dining cornucopia that is Vegas, especially twice during a 3-day trip.However.When you're coming off a near-brawl on a redeye from Honolulu, an overload of coffee, the coldest conference room conditions known to man and a projectile-vomiting-traveling companion you just want something comforting and predictable. The thing about Cheesecake and Grand Lux is that it's consistently good. Is it going to be great? No. But it's almost certainly not going to be bad. My breakfast was good. My pizza was good. My fruity smoothie fizz drink thing was good. The service was good.Good enough is good enough.
4	Can't stay in the Venetian/Palazzo and not eat at Grand Lux. This place is the quintessential late night food joint. I swear every time we stay at the hotel Grand Lux is destination more than once. Sometimes multiple times in a day. Based on the fact the food is good and the location is convenient. Be weary late night goers, this place will get crowed after 2AM, filled with drunken and fun people alike. You can see the guy who passed out before his meal even got there, the black footed club chicks who walk around barefoot after a long night in sexy heels, and your typical just hungry drunks!Food is good here. I personally would recommend the sliders, any pizza, duck pots stickers.
4	Conveniently located in the Palazzo this restaurant offers a plethora of options and quickly became my favorite go-to place for food.  I may be a little biased, however, as this place quite possibly saved my life after a night of adventures.At 9am, we were seated right away and quickly became overwhelmed by the extensive menu.  Luckily it is printed in a way that the most-hungover (me) person could easily find a remedy through the bold-faced caption: "Morning Cocktails." My friend and I recapped our evening of foibles, fliratations, confrontations with priests, and make-out sessions etc. while noshing on warm and tasty beignets, a strawberry bellini and orders of egg breakfast and chilaquiles.  Everything was delicious!  The portions were large enough that had we not eaten with our eyes instead of our stomachs, we could have easily shared plates.Lest you think I found this place delicious due to sleep deprivation or a hangover, I came back for snack/dinner in a much more sober state.  The short rib grilled cheese sandwich was delightful enough that I saved half of it for the plane ride home. As others have noted, this place gives you access to a convenient affordable restaurant where you can literally come as you are and have a wide variety to choose from.  Plus, you gotta love a place that has a subheading of "Morning Cocktails" on its menu!
5	Deliciously delicious!I love their spinach and artichoke dip, drive in burger, egg white omelet, spicy calamari  salad, edamame, chicken and waffles, and the bread. Best place to eat brunch, lunch, dinner, and very late night dinner. Service is awesome! BUT they close at 3 a.m. The one at the Venetian is 24 hours.It's like Cheesecake Factory but I like Grand Lux more.
5	Save room for beignets for the entire table!I had the Crab Cakes--really really good (Secret: I topped it with a sunnyside egg). I also got to try the chicken pot pie and pretty much all the tropical drinks on the menu (recommended). The waitress also clued us in on the chipotle (need to get my hands on some) burger and the house-made fried chicken.Big Vegas portions.
1	Went here again and were dissapointed with our food. The pasta I ordered was tooooo cheesy and even though I was hungry I could not get myself to eat more than a few bites of what looked like a fast track to a heart attack! He ate a version of fried chicken which was too oily! The lemonade was good and the staff was friendly but since it was busy we found it hard to get his attention.
4	The lasagna was not presented in the typical layered fashion.  It was split into three pieces and decked with cheese.  I could have done with less cheese on the dish, but it was overall very well prepared.
4	Not a huge fan of Grand Lax Cafe but for what it's worth, it's actually quite a good deal in Vegas.  The prices here are not super inflated like other vegas "cafes" which probably makes this restaurant a good place to have a casual meal if you're staying at Palazzo.  The lunch specials (sandwich soup, or salad combos) are really good light and filling.  After eating here a few times and ordering different things, I've come to realize their portion sizes aren't humongous and diabetes inducing anymore. Pastas, Salads, etc. are more decently sized albeit still large for the average person.  Sharing isn't a bad idea still for those that have to eat light before going out at night for whatever reason..lol. The palazzo grand lux is only open until 2AM, the venetian one is open 24 hours.
4	Excellent food good atmosphere. I reccomend the pork sandwich.
2	Where else but Vegas can you get a good , full dinner at 3AM? OK place, but service was kind of spotty.
4	Fast/Excellent service, great food and a beautiful atmosphere to eat in. This place is great.
5	5 stars because I can't find a flaw to be picky about.My friends and I arrived around 11AM. I ordered an Irish coffee. The balance between the alcohol and the flavor is perfect. I ordered an omelette (Baja?) Not too sure the exact name because my mind too occupied by the thought of savoring it and finishing it. Although one of my friends complained about the pork sandwich being too dry, everybody else seems to be content with their order. Oh and speaking of which, they're huge, and this is coming from someone who can eat a cow in a sitting.Definitely coming back to this place.
3	like others have said, this place has a CPK kind of vib and menu. Unfortunately it came of more of the lack-luster cafe that every casino has. Service was good, not great. We did seem to wait longer than we should for just about everything and the helps attitude wasn't perky, more along the lines of doing their job. We visited midday and they weren't that busy. Food was good and creative enough but nothing I can really remember.
3	I came here w/ my guy after going to the Blue Man Group last week. I've eaten at Grand Luxe at the Venetian many times before but this was my first time here at the Palazzo location. The establishment is tucked away at the far corner of the Palazzo, right by the Jersey Boy Theater. The atmosphere when we came here was great. It's not as loud as the Venetian location. We were seated at a booth by the entrance and was greeted by a nice server. I ordered the Mushroom burger and the guy ordered a chicken meatball sandwich w/ fries and a side of ranch. We didn't wait too long for our food to come out and it was pretty ok, nothing to get too excited about. My mushroom burger was bland..but i expected that since no meat was involved and it was pretty much just a mushroom patty. They guy said his food was just ok...BUT the fries were stale and cold! on top of that, they forgot to bring out the ranch. We nicely asked the food runner to bring us the side of ranch which we ordered in the very beginning, and he unhappily said, "Yea". Like dude I know you hate your job but damn I'm not your homie so don't talk to me like I'm your homie and you can at least smile a little. The worst part about it is that we didn't get the ranch and we didn't see our server until we were done eating. Not even a refill, or "how's your food?" or anything. ...We didn't get squat. But just because that happened doesn't mean I should give this place one star.  After all, the food wasn't horrible. We didn't leave the place feeling butt hurt about the service..we just didn't tip as much =D..problem solved. Overall, I would definitely come back here to give it another shot. If you've never had a mushroom burger, you should def try it..just add a little bit of salt. But also keep in mind that since it's a mushroom patty, it falls apart easily so it could get messy. The guy said his chicken meatball sandwich was 'ok' but not the best. They have a good atmosphere here and if you are an indecisive person when it comes to food, you might want to stop here. They have a big selection of food on their menu.
4	Owned by cheesecake factory, this is Venetians hotel cafe. Best hotel cafe in my book. Huge menu, obviously inspired by cheesecake factory. Not amazing food but much much better than the other hotels junk cafes. Usually very busy but great on a weekend when you forgot to make a dinner reservation somewhere special.
5	BOMB PASTAOrder the chicken parmigan spaghetti it's the best I've had so far!  They flatten the chicken breast and bread it in panko and lightly fry it so it's crispy and delicious!  The pasta is served al dente perfectly.If you go during lunch special hours it's worth it at $14 a plate.  Plate is bigger than your face so you can share =)They also have a separate menu for small dishes $3-7 a plate.  Great for those who just want to put something in their tummy to soak up all the alcohol!!!No dress code, I saw girls in bathing suits walk in from the pool.  *shrug* we're in Vegas I guess anything goes!
3	Great looking place, fast seating, fact service- really good food- similar to the Cheesecake Factory as I believe they are part of the same ownership. Anyway- I'd give them 4 starts but the problem is that I had a party of 5 and ALL OF OUR ENTREES CAME OUT COLD AND HARD- not fresh at all!  My pasta was like a glued-together stage-prop!  They were very accommodating because they brought us all out fresh food- but that means we had to wait for new food! and we were starving as it was.  The manager apologized and gave us a free bag of cookies.. but we should've received a pretty decent discount based on the fact they screwed up 5/5 entrees- and you just cant run a business like that- not in vegas at least. The food is really good and so are the drinks- but I want it right the first time around- we're they all just noobs?  I doubt it.
4	Checked this 24/7 place out after arriving in Vegas late Friday night. Came in at about 3:30AM and was surrounded by lots of exhausted barefoot clubbers with heels in tow. From what I remember, we were seated promptly and greeted by a friendly waitress. I wanted a Long Island Iced Tea, but was instructed that "Texas Tea" was an ample substitute, and that it had "spurs". Intrigued by the spurs, and wondering if they would kick my night in the right direction, I decided to order one.  I was a little disappointed, as It tasted like sweetened Nestea with a splash of vodka and lemon.  I sent it back, and ordered a more appropriate vodka martini with 3 giant olives.  Excellent.  I also ordered the seared tuna which was excellent.  I don't really recall how much everything was, but I do remember the sun was up when we left later that "night".
4	i'm not a fan of the restaurants at wynn so we headed over to venetian for dinner. a new grand lux opened at palazzo so it was a quick 5 minute walk from wynn. this place is basically a cheesecake factory. definitely great for large parties or a late night snack.i tried the rachel (pastrami sandwich) and it was ok. didn't really like how they put cole slaw on top of the pastrami. in the past i've had great experiences with the pastas. my friend ordered the sloppy joe and it looked amazing.
3	My review is specifically to the Grand Lux Cafe at The Palazzo.  The Venetian also has a Grand Lux, but THIS IS NOT part of my review.My fiance and I had a great time at Las Vegas until we come to this facility for lunch.  I come to GLC at The Palazzo also because we stay here for the weekend and wanted to grab something to eat nearby.  I was served by someone who did not give clear explanation to what I ordered.  My fiance order orange juice (non-refillable) for $5.50!!  The brunch menu she ordered was reasonably price at $10 for hashbrown, scrambled egg, toast and ham.  However, when I thought it suppose to come with sausage and when I asked, the waitress brought us a separate plate of sausage...  but I did not know it was an additional side order cost of $5.95!!  My lunch came out to be $41 for two!!  It may not seem a lot, but consider I ordered waffle with strawberries ($11) and coffee ($4) for myself, this is one expensive lunch.  I will never forget the price of a glass of orange juice (champagne glass) costed me $5.50!!!  NOT TO MENTION, the service was slow and was absent at times.I would recommend going to the GLC at The Venetian instead.  At least I did get service for the same price.Note:  I have gone to GLC at The Venetian many times and have enjoyed the food and service at this facility.
3	One reason why I'm giving only three stars is probably due to the night I went (just a few hours ago actually).  It was my birthday and we were looking forward to some specific things on the menu, however they informed us their grill was out.  So no burgers, grilled chicken/fish, etc at the time.  We still decided to eat there because I was starving!The service was okay, not dismal, but the staff in my area could have smiled more.  (:  They must have had a long day, but it showed through the facade, unlike most other restaurants I go to.  I didn't really feel a personal connection.  There were about three or four incidents where staff dropped glasses, utensils, maybe plates -- even when we had already left and were walking outside, we could hear them.The decor, however, was beautiful -- very Cheesecake Factory-like.  The outside fooled me into thinking it was a decent sized cafe, but it was indeed grand in the size, as well!All in all, I'd go back.  The food was enjoyable, though it would have been nice to go on a less unlucky night for the grill!  i had the Pasta Telephono, scrumptious!  I'm giving this place the benefit of the doubt and will probably try it out again in the future.  Who knows, my rating could go up!
5	Where do I begin... I've been to grand lux so many times in my 8 years in Vegas. I prefer the newer palazzo location to the Venetian mainly because of convenience. Parking and walking from the Venetian is such a hassle, while if you know where to park at palazzo it'll take you up right by grand lux. The restaurant is appropriately named - the decor is both grand and lux especially for what is basically a casino coffee shop. High open ceilings with lots of mirrors and other shinies, comfy seats and always very clean w great service every time. I don't think I've ever had anything I didn't like, but I usually stick to my favs. Its hard for me to resist my sunday night pasta - its spaghetti with a meat sauce made up of a lot of different things. Meant to be like a dish where you throw all of the week's leftovers together (but made fresh) its packed with short ribs, hamburger, sausage, mushrooms and I'm sure other things I forgot about. The portion's huge, easily 2 maybe 3 meals especially if you fill up on their warm crusty bread and butter. I'm embarrassed to admit that our basket always needs a refill :)Other things worth mentioning - duck pot stickers, shrimp w pasta, short rib grilled cheese, their burger w short ribs on top. We're usually too stuffed to get dessert but I finally remembered this time to plan ahead and order the warm rustic apple pie. It's baked to order so takes 20 minutes, I'd suggest putting it in with your dinner order. Even if you forget to order ahead of time, it's well worth the wait. As you can see in the picture its really more of an apple tart. Warm flaky pastry crust, sweet but slightly tart apple slices, topped with vanilla ice cream and finished with powdered sugar. I'd go back just for that pie. Give grand lux a try if you've never been. Their massive menu is guaranteed to have something that everyone will like.
4	As aforementioned by other yelpers, Grand Lux is the cheesecake factory of vegas. The interior, ambiance, and menu options are almost symmetrical to that of CF's. The menu is huge with options ranging from breakfast, lunch, dinner to the post party drunken stupor meal. Pricing is relatively reasonable and almost anyone can score themselves a filling plate, with leftovers even.We came in for brunch, and I got your standard eggs, bacon and hashbrowns with toast platter. Huuuuuge portions. The bacon is thick, and cooked to a crisp. So were the hashbrowns. Three eggs done right and the toast which you forget about because your too busy stuffing your face with everything else.The staff is friendly although you may have to wait a bit for service. Do ask for a basket of bread to start. Absolutely delish. Warm, doughy with an extra slathering of butter.
4	I've been here more times than I can count, and I also like to get take out. The portions are huge. Some of the yummy highlights: Mongolian Steak, Spicy Chicken Flatbread Sandwich, Shrimp Scampi, and the Beignets. Not a huge fan of the Shaking Beef (I don't like cilantro) or the Chicken Pot Pie (looks better than it tastes - too watery). Service can be a little slow, as it is usually pretty busy.
4	Hmmm..............free food? Yes please! Well, technically I lost more on the table then what I was actually comped, but still it was free. Starter dish was a HUGE plate of chicken spring roll which was loosely wrapped, but the texture of the rice wrapper they used kept everything together. Moving onto entrees we ordered the chicken and braised short rib combination, spaghettini with clams, house chicken salad and the lasagna. #1 chicken was good, but braised short rib was a little too salty to my liking! (surprisingly)#2 Spaghettini with clams was best bang for the bucks! Little bit of noodles and CRAP load of clams#3 house chicken salad was drenched in dressing, not a big fan. #4 Lasagna........?????? must of been good because my boy ate every last bite of it without sharing! I would say it's above average as far as cafe food would go.
3	They succeeded when they tried to give the same atmosphere as Cheesecake Factory, the food is a little bit different in a good way, the portions are TOO BIG, if you don't plan on taking the food back home you should consider sharing, the portions are too big for one either two people, loved the service, will go back.
4	One of my fav 24 hour cafes in Vegas.  My go to item on the menu: Buffalo Chicken rolls.  YUM.They have a vast selection of eats on their late night menu... so you might have trouble deciding.
5	Perhaps my best dining experience in 5+ visits to Vegas.  The food is amazing, prices are totally reasonable (especially given the massive portion size), and the service is GREAT.We ordered off the Tapas menu since we're not big eaters.  We ordered 4 tapas total, for about $7 ea, and that was plenty of food for us.We came back for dessert to go and were extremely pleased with the bar service.  The baked dessert we ordered said it would take 25 min and it ended up taking 35 so they gave it to us for free.
4	Even though we have a Grand Luxe Cafe in Chicago..somehow I still ended up here for breakfast. What can I say..you can't go wrong w/ Chicken & waffles for breakfast! The fried chicken is served atop a belgian waffle and served with honey butter & maple syrup (I ask them to hold the pecans since I'm allergic to nuts).The portions are pretty big here so the bf & I ended up sharing the chicken & waffles..but that's also b/c we ordered the beignets as well. The beignets are really yummy donuts and are served with 4 different sauces to dip them in..chocolate sauce, raspberry sauce, Jack Daniel's cream, & cinnamon sugar. If you're staying at the Palazzo or nearby then it's a great spot for breakfast, lunch/brunch.
5	It's vegas and I expect excellent service and excellent food choices.  This place never disappoints.  Portions are huge much like Cheesecake Factory and the food was divine.  I had the breakfast buffet which I loved.  Was not too over the top but the food quality and choices were a plenty.  I love the sausages they have here which I never know what they are called.  I think I had at least one of everything and that include the pastries.  Coffee was really good and everyone's food on the table looked and tasted :) awesome.  There is really no complaints and you can't go wrong here.  A welcome change from just eating at a normal vegas buffet.
4	I've been Grand Lux so many times...... not sober.Chicken & waffle is my usual go to dish late night.  It's a little different from the usual chicken & waffles since the fried chicken is chicken finger and waffles are your thick Belgian waffles.  It doesn't look like much food but trust, it fills you up!   I LOVE their beignets.  Came here for lunch once (the only sober time) and didn't really want the soup & sandwich combo most people were having so decided to just get fat and ordered the beignets.  Thought it would only come with a few pieces but it comes in a basket!  4 different kinds of sauces to change things up, and the chocolate sauce is still the top for me.  Raspberry sauce is a close second since I like the tartness!It is a great place for breakfast/brunch/lunch and late night.  The menu is huge so it's easy to find something that you'd like.  Not my #1 choice as a dinner spot since there are so many great restaurants around the Strip.There's actually another Grand Lux at the Venetian but I'm partial to the Palazzo more.  Maybe it's cause it is slightly newer and I am a huge fan of the high ceiling haha.
4	This was our second time at this restaurant and both occasions have been very good. We didn't have reservations, but were promptly seated. The service was very friendly and efficient. There is a huge menu and everything we have tried there has been great. It reminds me a lot of The Cheesecake Factory, but I think the quality of food is slightly better. The portions are very large and we never leave hungry. It terrific place for lunch if you're down by the Palazzo or the Wynn.
4	Grand Lux Cafe...what a great spot to grab lunch when you are in Vegas and happen to be gambling at The Palazzo.  I love their Grand Club Sandwich.  Yum-O!  I get the same thing every time I go.  We just went recently with a group of friends and everyone enjoyed their meal.  I'll be sure to try another dish on our next visit.  I'm sure there are other great dishes here. I ordered their double chocolate cake for dessert and it was just eh, nothing special.  I'd pass on this next time.  It's nothing compared to Cheesecake Factory's Linda's Fudge Cake.It helped that we had a very nice waiter named Marcus.  He was super attentive, that's always a plus!  Til next time, Grand Lux!
2	Breakfast brunch at the Venetian....Pricey is my complaint and I don't like the link sausage.  Stick with the  bacon.
4	Yum!  Good Service, Good Food
4	The Grand Luxe Cafe is a great spot to eat if you're not looking to eat fast food or a buffet in Vegas. I think this place is comparable to the Cheesecake Factory. The prices are not too bad at all ($10-$20) per entree. The best part is it's open 24 hours a day which is awesome because usually only McDonalds or Denny's is open at 4 in the morning. I would come here again!
3	I walked far and wide for this place. After hearing so much good things, I had to see it for myself. I would have given this place 2 stars because the fruits I ordered were NOT fresh, and I couldn't finish them because they were kinda nasty. Also, the wouldn't give me milk for my double shot espresso because then they would have to charge me as a cappuccino. C'mon.... it's just milk.But, my friend ordered the most delicious looking plate in the world (chicken parmesan). The plate was definitely large enough to share 2 or 3 people! Also, server was very kind and conversational... even during the busy hours of the Cafe. I will return the next time I go to give this place a fair shot.
4	Make the effort to walk to the Palazzo Grand Lux Cafe. Less people and cleaner than the Venetian one. Just walk past the Palazzo waterfall and before you hit the escalator make a right.Can't wait to go back. Great service and wonderful food. Nice plating and clean. This is so so so so so much better the Cheese Cake Factory. So much better!Loved all of it:http://www.grandluxcafe.com/menu.htmCajun Shrimp & Chicken Jambalaya Sauteed with Peppers, Onions and Tasso in a Delicious Spicy Sauce. Served with White Rice. Never had such soft chicken. It was so tender and the rice was cooked right. I was so surprised that this was made so well. I felt like the kitchen was really serious about their food.Chicken Royale and Short RibsSo good. Short Ribs were amazingly tender, like moist, juicy, and meaty. It was one of the best short ribs ever. Chicken was ok. Molten Chocolate Cake With a Melted Chocolate Center. Served with Vanilla Ice CreamSo good. What a good amount of dessert for less than $10! It was a really good dessert dish.I felt the kitchen was really good. I think they must have a really good chef. And the waiter was super nice. I was so pleased with this meal. This is probably one of the best cafes I have tried on the Las Vegas strip. Price was reasonable and food was delicious.
4	Reminded me exactly of Cheesecake Factory in the Palazzo. Everything here is Texas-sized: menu, portions, drinks, etc. We had an awesome Saturday afternoon lunch/hangover killer on a bachelor party weekend. Prices were Vegas-esque so a little more than you'd pay elsewhere.
5	Delicious food. Great atmosphere.  Huge menu selection. 2 locations, one at Venetian, one at Palazzo. VERY reasonably priced. Same owners of Cheesecake Factory, need I say more?
3	Pasta Carbonara. Best dish, everything else is just overpriced American food. But the pasta is gooood, tastes even better when you're drunk and tired.
4	Yup, yelp is right. Pretty much a scaled down Cheesecake Factory, but a bit more sexy (if that's possible).The menu wasn't as overwhelming as CF, but had just what we needed. Kiddo got the BBQ pork sliders.  It came with 3 and were really pretty good. Tangy sauce and cool cole slaw on top and perfectly priced at $6.50. Dinner for me was the short rib grilled cheese sandwich. This too was satisfying, and the arugula was the perfect addition to the sandwich.Service was great: efficient and quick, and I do believe I had 3 refills, none of which I actually had to ask for. That's how it should be done.+1 for the soundtrack during our stay. I heard Maxwell, India Arie, and John Legend for starters: my own personal playlist on repeat.
5	Yes it is kind of like Cheesecake as it's parent owner but the food was great. Perfect for families and seriously good food. We ate everything my wife ordered the shrimp scampi and I had the pizza. Wait staff were quick and attentive, food came out in a timely manner with LARGE portions.
4	I loved it here. Granted, I love the Cheesecake Factory, as this place is compared to it the most. Order the beignets first, as they take some time to make fresh. They were absolutely delicious.
5	We ate here because it was the only thing open after our show. I was very surprised at the quality. I had the Vietnamese Lemongrass noodles and the wife had the mushroom burger. We eat at Vietnamese restaurants frequently and this had some of the best flavor I have ever had. Definitely worth going again.
5	Wonderful restaurant, I had breakfast there every day during my stay at The Venetian Hotel. it is huge, and there was never a long wait to get in. The offer a all you can eat breakfast buffet for $17.99 and includes fresh squeeze orange juice and coffee, there is an omelet station, and a variety of favorite breakfast items. They are open 24 hours, so you can have breakfast, lunch or dinner, and of course a full bar. One day we woke up late of course, after a night of really hard parting Vegas style,and we go there for my first meal of day , craving the great breakfast buffet, but is was no longer being serve, but they have in their lunch menu omelets, egg sandwiches and even Belgian waffles. I was so happy, nothing cures my hangover better than a hearty breakfast. loved it, loved it, loved it. Great food, great prices, wide variety of dishes and the service was outstanding.
4	Grand Lux Cafe is basically the Vegas version of The Cheesecake Factory and offers an array of different types of ethnic cuisine as shown on the menu. Speaking of the menu, there are SO many different choices to be made as I shifted through pages upon pages as if the menu were a small book. The portions of the food is rather large so keep that in mind if you have a group of people with you.I came here with a friend of mine who was about to move out of Las Vegas and I wanted to go somewhere nice to eat for the both of us. The restaurant was not too hard to find and there was hardly any wait time to sit down at a table. I liked the interior decor of the Grand Lux Cafe, it was elegant but not too overdone. Both of us seemed to enjoy our entrees - I had the Chicken Parmesan and my friend had the Carolina BBQ Pork Sandwich. There were no major complaints from either of us with the food + service.My Chicken Parmesan was a little more than half done, I guess they weren't kidding about the large portions. =)
4	Since a lot of the Buffet's are closed at ten this is the ideal spot to grab a bite after hours!
5	This restaurant has one of the best burger menus I have ever seen. The "drive in delux" burger was one of the best I have ever had and I highly reccommend it. Other members of my party enjoyed the shortrib grilled cheese and the garlic bleu cheese burger. Overall a fantastic meal and we will be back!
4	Stopped here for a quick bite before seeing Jersey Boys at the Palazzo.  Food was great, we had pizza's and Chicken Parm.  Portions on the chicken were huge,  Everything was done well.  We had an excellent waiter,  he was very attentive and fun.   Overall a great place for a quick meal in Vegas.
3	Great food, but the whole place needs an update.  Loved the staff though!
5	Love this place!  It's the people from Cheesecake Factory and 24 hours!  And, even though, it's in the Palazzo, the prices are not that bad.  Nuff said!
5	I really like this place. We came here for a quicker dinner last night and for the breakfast buffet in the morning. It's conveniently located a few steps from the elevators and is decently priced.They have real soft and tasty bread they bring out while you're ordering. I consumed a pulled pork sandwich on whole wheat bread which was THE BOMB. Dad got the rachel (pastrami) which he said was "very good and tender". The breakfast buffet rocks. its like $16 a person and they have an omelette station, sausages, bacon, ham, scrambled eggs, assortment of breakfast muffins/pastries, few different cereals (the house made granola and nuts is great), and some oatmeal. Simple, tasty, good, drinks included, very little wait time even on this busy summer weekend.
3	came here for breakfast nad had some good food!  the portion was good and the food was served hot and tasty.  Don't know about other meals but this place is fine for breakfast.
4	Pros:1. Fast and quality service. We were seated immediately, and our waiter was freaking awesome. He was attentive, friendly and even packed up all our food when we decided we wanted to finish it in our room in our PJs. The Sunday Night Pasta wasn't on the late night menu, but when he realized how much my friend had been looking forward to it, he asked the chef to make it. That's great service. 2. Food. I ordered the Sunday Night Pasta to share with a friend. Short rib meat with a delish marina and mushrooms. Pasta was perfect and short rib meat was PHENOMENAL.
4	Quality of food was great.  Waitress service was great - very nice.  I went there for brunch.  Average price of the food there was $10-$16 for breakfast/lunch.  The wait for food seemed a little long but probably because I was starving. They have the same cafe over at Venetian.
4	Just like Cheesecake Factory.I love their Fried Pickles! MMM! Large portions and enough for me to pack for a post-drunkie snack. Haha.
4	Grand Lux Cafe is basically a slightly fancier Cheesecake Factory. The menu is very similar but some of the items have different names. Our server did a great job and the food was very good overall. I highly recommend the Chicken Royale but beware....it's huge!!!! Make sure you bring your appetite.
4	A huge menu, open all the time, large portions, and plenty of seating. What more can you ask for. How about good food? A menu this large there is always going to be hit and miss items. For the most part what I have had here is pretty good. Nothing spectacular.But if you don't know what you want go here because they have just about everything. The location is nice if you attending any shows or conventions in the building.
5	Great Sunday brunch menu. Super selection, delicious food.
1	They just shoved us on to a tiny table in the corner.  Half the restaurant is open but they refuse to move us.  We are too tired to leave so we deal with it.
3	Headline: Avoid breakfast.While I was attending a conference at the Sands Conference Center, I came here twice - once for a quick lunch and once for breakfast.  Let's start by saying that the food is the same as every other Grand Lux I've been to - it's good, but not spectacular, and they have options for everyone.  What makes things stand out (or not) is the service.Lunch - we had good service - our waiter was very attentive.  I opted for a soup and salad plate -the salad, as normal, is reasonable.  The soup was a nice creamy chicken soup - overall pleasing.Breakfast the next day - seriously? A queue?  ANd thats just to get sat - expect a 20 minute wait once you get sat.  Service sucked the big one.  However, they do have a buffet, so at least you can skip the waiting for your food as well.  We went in for a quick breakfast and ended up being late to the show.Prices - good, even in comparison to non-Las Vegas places.  If you are looking for cheap eats in the hotel, this is the place for you.Sorry - I can only give this an average grade - it's good but not spectacular, and breakfast service drags it down.
4	After hitting up the Death Cab for Cutie concert, my friend and I decided to end the night with something sweeter than Ben Gibbard's lyrics: dessert at the Grand Lux Cafe. All we wanted were endless cups of water, the bread basket, and a Key Lime Pie to split. To which, our waitress happily obliged. I read somewhere that GLC is operated by the Cheesecake Factory - evident through their delicious (and calorically dangerous) desserts. Service was spot-on, courteous without being overbearing or worse, inauthentic. As for the Key Lime Pie, our love was evident in the pie's disappearance within three minutes.For years, my friends have been memorized by GLC - it seems as though every birthday, empty moment with nothing to do or Strip visit ends at the Grand Lux. For the most part, I agree with them...to a degree. Service is good, the food is pretty tasty (somewhat overpriced, but hey, it's the Strip).
5	This place is awesome. I'm upset that we only got to go here once during our trip to Vegas. The food is amazing, the staff is friendly and attentive, and the location in the Palazzo can't be beat.We ordered the Sunday Night Pasta and the Jambalaya. The pasta sounded like a strange combination (braised beef and pasta), but it was amazing and the Jambalaya was the best I've ever tasted. The portion sizes are enormous so you definitely wont leave hungry, and for the price (about $15/person), you can't find a much better place to eat on the strip.The wait staff is extra friendly and always seem to come by at just the right times so you never really have to wait long for refills or anything like that. Definitely recommended, wish they would open one up near where I live so I wouldn't have to go to Vegas to eat here.
4	The bread served at the table was good: crunchy crust and tasty. The lentil soup is excellent (a bit strong on the black pepper). My wife enjoyed her Santa Barbara chicken sandwich: chicken, bacon, and avocado.  Good food, good service, good value.
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch before heading off to a meeting.  Service was relatively quick (for such a large restaurant)..Ordered the Southwest Salad. Waitstaff recommended the lunch portion.  Was VERY glad beause the lunch portion was still quite large!Bread was tasty and they even gave me a "to-go" cup for my sode...
4	This was our restaurant for the past two bachelorette parties I have been to in Vegas. The girls and I ate here 2-3 times both visits. They are open late, so it is convenient to eat here on the way to stubbling back up to the room. Only complaint I have is that the service is quite slow, especially late. But, the food isn't too pricey and it is high quality. I will definitely be back here next time I'm in Vegas!
3	In a sea of gourmet restaurants sometimes you want something ordinary.For a cafe, it's not bad. We just wanted something "normal" for a late lunch. Alot of places weren't even open yet, many others had a limited lunch menu. It was Sunday with football games on so, alot of the bar type places were packed.It really reminded me of Cheesecake Factory. Lots of menu choices. Staff was nice.I got Fried Chicken with Mashed Potatoes, it wasn't greasy, but it was a bit salty, I've had better, I've had worse. The potatoes were a bit bland, but my salty chicken helped even things out. I ordered a Pear Martini and they were out of the ingredients, so I had a delicious Strawberry Martini. My husband got a Cheeseburger and fries, the fries were good, I didn't try the burger but it looked good, he devoured it, and said it was better than he expected.I would eat here again if in a pinch, but with so many better restaurants in walking distance, it's doubtful.
3	The gand lux breakfast sandwich was ok.  The scrambled egg was very light (not enough yoke) - seems like i got the egg white option which i did not ask for.  Still good nonetheless.  Good portion and a decent quick hearty breakfast before heading to the pool.
4	Serves everthing
1	Dined here on 9/8/11 at 11:45 PM.  I decided to order a burger to go, and it took well over 40 minutes for them to bring me my burger. The bartender even noticed that my hubby and I were waiting forever at the bar and decided to check up on it.  When I brought the burger back upstairs to my suite, the burger was charred on one side.  I had asked that they make the burger medium well.  It was well done and charred.  So I called the manager from my room and asked if they could redo the burger.  When I showed him the burger he said it was suppose to be that way... WTF? Really, so when a customer orders a burger medium well, it is suppose to be burned and crunchy on one side???!!!  Yeah right!   They brought me a new burger and it was better, medium well like I had asked.  One star for inconveniencing me not once, but three times (long wait, burger not cooked to order, and having to make a trip back to get a new burger).  Do not think I will dine here again!
5	this place is so yummy ...the wait to get seated seemed a bit long but I felt like it was worth the wait, we got seated and were greeted by a very nice and talkative waiter really enjoyable. we were brought out hot hot okff right off the stove, I ordered some egg rolls and some pasta both delicious. I loved it for late night munchies ate here at about 2am...definitely going back here again when I make another trip out to Vegas :)
4	3 1/2 I went here for lunch and breakfast.  The prices are very reasonable for Las Vegas.  It is owned by cheesecake factory so very similar.  Food took awhile to come out.I was disappointed with the Spicy Flat Bread Chicken Sandwich.  It was boring.  However, everyone I was with seemed to be happy with their lunch food. Breakfast was quite impressive menu.   People that like Mexican style breakfast would enjoy the Chilaquiles (Eggs Scrambled with Tortilla Chips, Red and Yellow Peppers, Chiles, Onion and Tomato Covered with Ranchero Sauce, Corn, Black Beans, Avocado, Cilantro and Pepper-Jack Cheese).
4	This is truly a great place for breakfast.  The portions are very large so you must be hungry.  I love the Mexican breakfasts, and the Joe Scrambled eggs, but the buffet here is really king.  It is one of the better buffet breakfasts you will find.  It is nothing fancy, but eggs, omelets, waffles, fresh fruit, bagels, pastries, and oatmeal.  What more can you ask for!  BTW--the hash browns here are the best!
4	This is owned by the same owner as Cheesecake Factory and it shows the signature through the decoration.Food is very fusion and pretty tasty.My fiance and I dined here for dinner on Saturday night and thought the food was decent and very reasonably priced so we came back again on the Monday of Labor Day to have breakfast.They have a breakfast buffet with the usual scramble eggs, hash brown, bacon, sausage etc and omelette station with a choice of regular eggs or egg white.  Excellent service!  Did you know that you can have your coffee/drink to go?  Neither did we.  The wait service asked us if we wanted our drinks to go and we were like oh..sure. She went and got a new batch for us to go!  Awesome!
4	Not bad! My friend ordered an artesian margherita pizza here and it was simply divine. No qualms about any experience here. Can't wait to come back for a quick bite. Definitely will be my choice for a quality but non-frou frou place to munch at while in Vegas.
4	Very, Very good pizza - we ordered the spicy sausage one (can't remember exactly what they call it). Two starving people couldn't finish it. I would definitely go back... Though, there was a pigeon in the outdoor seating area - very odd as this is inside of an enclosed mall! Only in Vegas... I will definitely go back.
3	Pretty standard American food.  I came here for a late brunch on a weekend & luckily there was no wait (I think the opening of the 2nd location helped).  Had some good old waffles & an omelette...the service was quick and efficient.  They also offer a brunch buffet that's not priced too badly (I think ~$20-$25), but we came right when it was about to close.  Grand Luxe is a safe choice b/c it has something to offer for everyone, so its good for eating with a large group. There's nothing special about it though, so I wouldn't come here while in Vegas unless I'm looking for convenience.
5	Confession: I'm in love with Grand Lux Cafe. In one trip to Vegas, I ate at Grand Lux four times. Oh the SHAAAAME!!! The shame of eating at and LIKING a chain restaurant, the SHAME!!I kinda hate Cheesecake Factory's food. I feel like it's gone down over the years and the novelty's worn off. But Grand Lux's food..everything amuses me. Especially their chicken lettuce wraps. I don't like chicken much, definitely not lettuce, but man.Reasons to jump on the Grand Lux bandwagon:-chicken lettuce wraps-never a wait-they make me grilled cheese's when I'm drunk even though it's not on the menu-the one actual restaurant on the strip with good food that doesn't cost a paycheck-unlimited bread- short rib grilled cheese sandwichConfession #2: One tme, when I was so hungover (still drunk) and alone in my room at the Palazzo I called down for takeout and ordered for myself fried calamari, salad, 1/2 sandwich and soup combo, and chicken lettuce wraps, all for less than $30. If there's a cure for the morning-after depression it's laying out a helluva lot of food on my hotel bed and lying down and resting whatever I'm eating on my tummy while I watch tv. BOOM. Sexiness reincarnated.
5	I think I've found a new favorite place for breakfast in Las Vegas. Located in the Polazzo. I parked by the casino elevator which gave me easy  access to the Grand Lux Cafe. My waiter was efficient and took my order with minutes of sitting down. I ordered the house made corn beef and hash. My side choices were hash browns, two eggs and sourdough bread. When my b fast arrived the portion was gigantic and the corn beef was in chunks mixed with potatoes, diced bell peppers and onions. This was one of the best corn beef hash entrees I've had and was absolutely delish. Sourdough bread was tasty and fresh and the hash browns were flavorful. There was so much food I couldn't finish all of it but I gave it my best attempt. Definitely will be returning here again!
5	Red velvet pancakes with cream cheese icing for breakfast? Yes please! Amazing.
5	Fantastic!  We had to try real hard to not eat all our meals here. It is conveniently located right by the room elevators of the palazzo. They have a breakfast buffet for about $15 until about 11 am.  The best part is the unlimited fresh squeezed orange juice, I have never had better juice in my life. The buffet includes an omelet station , and the usual scrambled eggs, potatoes, sausage, bacon and an assortment of breads, pastries and fruit.  Excellent value for money. This is a part of the cheesecake factory group and they share the same ambience , menu etc.They are open late until about 1 am and the grand lux at the Venetian is open even later .I will be back,
4	Will be back on our next trip!  Really got our money's worth.
5	Fried chicken and waffles. Yummmm
4	Came here for dinner on a Saturday night.  Arrived at 6pm, there were 12 of us and did not have to wait. Clean restaurant.  Definitely has the Cheesecake Factory feel.Our waiter (can't remember his name) was very courteous.The menu is so extensive.  So much to choose from.  I ordered the scampi and chicken parmesan and the shrimp scampi was in this garlic/butter sauce which was so good.The kids ordered the upscale mac n cheese which they did not like (I guess they prefer EasyMac). Wanted to try the beignets since it got good reviews and only at the Palazzo location, not the Venetian location The beignets did not disappoint.  There were about 8 big ones and comes with 3 sauces - chocolate, vanilla, and raspberry.  The vanilla sauce was the best. Would definitely come back here again.
5	A night of gambling and drinking calls for FOOD... and PRONTO!!! Didn't feel like sitting inside and wanted to just kick it in our suite with the grub... so I opted for take out. Since we stayed in the Palazzo... I went to the Grand Lux Cafe downstairs.Kinda like a Cheesecake Factory. The menu had the same sort of feel. I wonder if they're sister restaurants?? I ordered take out from the bakery around the corner... ended up choosing a bacon cheeseburger with fries... no thousand island sauce and no onions with a side of ranch. The cute young cashier told me it'd be about 15 minutes. I went into the casino to gamble and pass time... and guess what?! I won $127 on the Wheel of Fortune $1 machine. AWESOME!!! Cashed out and went back to the bakery and the cashier told me it'd be a little wait longer... no problem! I called my Mom to tell her the good news and then called my boyfriend as well. We were on the phone for quite some time... and the employee started fixing the chairs and closing the door so I had to ask if the bakery was closed?! He said yes but that my take out order was coming. I hung up with my boyfriend... walked around the casino to eye out a machine... went back, and still no food! By then I was hungry and frustrated... looked at my phone and the ticket and realized it had been almost an hour! WTF?! Went in to the restaurant and spoke to the host and said I wanted a refund... even he was trippin that it had been almost an hour! I guess since I was gambling and on the phone the time just flew! As soon as the manager came out and I gave him my ticket the employee from the bakery brought my food out... almost at the exact same time! Once the manager looked at my ticket and realized it had been almost an hour he gave me the food and said "keep it and follow me for a refund". Score! Got my refund, got my burger and fries, and enjoyed it upstairs in my suite. JUICY burger! HUGE patty. I mean HUGE! I love me a good burger and lemme tell you... it was ALMOST worth the one hour wait LOL! I'll be back again, but no take out!
3	I used to really love this place...but the service killed me last time I went there. We went twice on our most recent trip to Vegas because my sister loves the bbq pork sandwich. So this review is not about the food. The food was good. The first time we went, our server just came to our table with total attitude and asked us if we wanted drinks. No hello, no how are you, just attitude. The second time we went we probably had to wait around an hour for our food. When we walked into the restaurant, I was pretty tipsy, bordering on drunk, but by the time our food came, I was stone cold sober. And I even had a drink while I was waiting for my food. That's how long it took. I wish the server had apologized or something for the long wait, but no, she said nothing. Oh well. I probably won't go there again.
5	My friends and I came here after Lavo and man, the customer service was excellent! We were all drunk and rowdy and they still were being super nice and helpful to us. The manager even came out to talk to us. I will definitely be back again on our next trip to Vegas.I ordered the rib eye steak which tasted funny so I had them take it back and remake another one for me. I never finished it anyways because I was too intoxicated. I really wish I remembered our servers name so I can give him credit but I forgot, this trip was in August.
3	I've been here a few times and the food is consistently good with large portions.It's a sister restaurant to Cheesecake Factory so the menu's are similar.If you want to order the beignet's, make sure you have someone to share them with as the order is beyond large.  I thought that maybe 3 would come out on the plate.  I was wrong.  Eight of these giant bad boys come in each order.   I was by myself so I was almost slightly embarassed at the portion size!It's a huge restaurant so while it always looks packed, I've never had an issue with seating.
4	Ya, it's expensive.  But it's right by the room elevators at the Palazzo and perfect for when you just want to order some food and bring it back to your room so your hungover friends can become alive again.Without going into too much details -- it's Cheesecake Factory but named "Grand Lux Cafe".  Looking at the grand scheme of things, it's not really worth it.  Unless you get the corned beef hash.  Corned beef hash is the only thing worth giving it more than 3 stars.  Everything else is average at best.  But I DREAM about their corned beef hash.  I order that at other places and pray that it'll be just as good but usually it isn't.  It makes me sad.Yes.  That really is all I have to say about that.
5	One of my other favorite places to eat in VegasPasta telephono...amazingZucchini and Onion haystack...A MUST GETand my personal favorite...their cookies!!! They're probably laced with crack.Everything here looks good. I definitely want to try their banana pudding
3	The last time we were here, my pizza was good but my friend found a long hair in his food but the manager took the price off the bill.
4	If you like Cheesecake Factory you will love this place. From what were told the owners of CF also own this. It wasn't quite as expensive and the menu was great. The buffalo chicken rolls were great as an appetizer. I had the carmel chicken and my wife had greek salad. As you probably know CF portions are HUGE and this place was just the same. We sat on the "patio" which is really just out in the middle of the Venetian. It's crazy and very loud, but what do you expect in Vegas.
4	Very good food and the breakfast buffet is nice for a hotel, but nothing special.
4	a modern spin to an american style restaurant....its more classy and kinda upscale....but has alot of dishes that are the same in a normal american restaurant....so i got a burger in garlic bread and it was very tasty and i was very happy with my choice =)
1	They took the only thing off the menu that I ate.  Short rib sloppy Joe.  It was amazing (tear).
5	Everything was great. We came here twice while in Vegas, once for breakfast and once for dinner. The Sunday Night Pasta was amazing and it was a HUGE portion. The breakfast buffet was also amazing because they had an omelet bar and the orange juice was DIVINE. It was fresh squeezed and the refills kept on coming. Overall, this place was a tremendous value because the food was great and the prices were great too. Will come back when we are in Vegas.
5	I come here probably once every trip home to Vegas. I don't know why..it's just a SOLID place to go. The last two trips home I've really enjoyed this particular location. WHY? ....drumroll....Because they have BEIGNETS! It is the ONLY Grand Lux in Vegas to have Beignets. My bff Ame and I absolutely love them here. It's a generous serving with about 8-9 beignets and three sauces: Raspberry, chocolate, and creme fraiche. Ame and I always end up mixing the raspberry with the creme fraiche each time. I recommend you do the same. It will change your life. As for their regular food, everything here is average to delicious, so you really can't go wrong. Their salads are divine, as these are SERIOUS salads with great combos of ingredients. I particularly recommend the Asian Chicken Salad and Polynesian salad (the jicama and macadamia nuts with mango..yum). Chicken Lettuce Wraps are yummy as well, and their volcano shrimp is delicious. Over the years it seems like they've changed the coating to their Grand Fried Calamari.. it used to be rock shrimp, zuccini, and onions fried in a thin coating of batter, but now the coating is a lot thicker and more tempuralike. Ame and I are not fans of the new formulation. Still tasty, but not the same. Love the place for a quick bite. Service is always fantastic 100% of the time. Ame and I typically come here to catch up on girl time, and the servers are always gracious to keep pouring us water and refilling my tea/coffee when they don't have to (we always take care of them, of course for their kindness :). Seriously - they're always the nicest servers I've seen in town. Prices may seem a dollar or two higher than your average diner, but this isn't your average diner, and plus it's at the Palazzo. Duh. Come. Get the Beignets. Be happy. And mix the creme fraiche and raspberry sauces.
5	Great food at all hours of the day. Good customer service.
4	Awesome food here! This is a highlight of a chain restaurant. The beignets are the best around. (They are only served at this particular Grand Lux). It is a solid choice if you are thinking along the lines of Cheesecake Factory. I love it here.
4	Love the food here..I have to admit, this place is one of the main reason I keep coming back to venetian..
3	I'm a fan of the Grand Lux and actually had a dinner party here several years ago. It is of course owned by the Cheesecake factory so if you like their cuisine then  you will be in for a similar treat. This place could easily be a 4 or 5 star place for a casual/nice eatery but it seems as if they try to turn some of their food into the food of a much more upscale establishment. This isnt bad necessarily but its often executed not quite as great as they probably hope!Maybe i'm too simple but when I order a salad I expect to be able to eat lettuce their caesar is large leaf lettuce, nestled onto each other with sparse dressing and two pieces of cheese and no croutons.. really.. REALLY... its a salad.. cut me some slack. Plus their food isn't as flavorful as cheesecake factory, which I dont consider their food super seasoned soooo... its hit or miss but generally not bad.. Id go again, but I wont go out of my way to return!
3	3.5 star restaurant.  I believe this is part of cheese cake factory, and cheesecake is better.  I accidentally ordered the wild mushroom burger thinking that there would be all kinds of mushshroms on my beef patty, but it literally a mushroom patty, it was my fault.  We also got calamari and a Cobb salad.  The calamari was good and the salad was ok.  Overall this is a solid place, where you can escape some of the higher priced restaurants in the casino.
5	The Grand Lux was recommended to us by our daughter so we decided to try it. It was everything she said it was.Our waiter was awesome,the food was amazing.We ordered many appetizers and main courses for our party of eight. EVERYTHING was delicious. The Grand Lux is now on our list of places to go everytime we are in vegas.
4	We came to this location twice. The first one was for dinner before seeing "Jersey Boys" and the second was for a late dinner after a day/night of gambling on Fremont Street(where food is kind of ass). Same bread as the other Lux, and the same menu except for desserts (they make home made beniegts and pineapple upside down cake). I also had Asian nachos both times which I swear are ingenious and DELICIOUS. Yes, Asian nachos-wonton skins (instead of chips), a light amount of cheese, scallions and a delicious spicy/sweet peanut sauce with a little wasabi "cream" which wasn't very noticeable but made a for just enough heat to send these over the top. Our first night, a bunch of us shared different things from calamari to said nachos to salad and burgers. Our second time here, we were seated next to folks from San Angelo and Fort Worth Texas and started sharing butter/bites of desserts with the other tables and seemed to talk and talk for a long time about having teens, etc.Desserts are worth it here for sure and though we had the same waitress both times (she was a bit weird), we would come back here again for sure.
4	My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our hearty lunch at the Grand Lux Cafe, which is also owned by the same folks of The Cheesecake Factory.  The menu and offerings are slightly different, although you can still get the same cheesecake for dessert.  We shared a lunch combination of a rustic barbeque chicken pizza and green salad, ahi tuna ceviche, and the recommended chicken pot pie.  The ceviche came in generous portions and was served with crunchy strips, greens, and chips.  I would have liked it to be less salty, though.  The pizza was delicious and served on a large crisped flat crust.  We also enjoyed the chicken pot pie, with its rich and creamy sauce, tender chicken pieces, cooked vegetables, and buttery thick crust.  Be prepared to share dishes as everything comes in large servings.  With a huge menu, plenty of seating, and friendly service, this is a great spot to dine at anytime of day.
3	Service was great, the decor was nice, the steak fries were the bees knees but my short rib grilled cheese was rather bland. I'd give it another try and just make another menu selection.
4	So we came here for lunch. My friends have been here before. The decor here is gorgeous. The servers are excellent. They are all super friendly, helpful, and very attentive. We ordered a bunch of omelettes, sandwiches and salmon special. I, myself ordered a special omelette and it was delicious!!! Usually when I order omelettes at other restaurants, the ingredients inside do not fill up the whole thing, but every bite of my omelette here was filled with all the yummy goodness!!! The salmon was alright... a bit overcooked, but the sandwiches were deeeelicious as well! Overall, YUMMY!!! ^_^
4	I'm an average guy. I don't traipse about night clubs making it "rain" in "da club." I don't "pop bottles" all that often, unless it involves some Pepsi. I don't valet my "whip." So to me, Venetian/Palazzo is a little too shi-shi for my tastes.However, when the BGB and I wanted to hit up some food after his shift at work, he recommended the Cheesecake Factory. "It's open 24 hours," he said.Well, he really meant this place, which mildly worried me, since now I was inside the V/P at one of their restaurants, and my wallet was still on a Luxor budget. Fortunately, the food was really good. Turns out Grand Lux Cafe is managed (?) by the same people as Cheesecake Factory, which always puts out a good product. Bread is nice and tasty to start. We both had burgers (because you know I love burgers) and the meat was tender and flavorful. The atmosphere was nice -- you didn't feel like you were in what amounts to a casino cafe.Maybe one time when I have a little more money to spare I'll try a more signature dish, but for a first start it was rather good.
5	Chicken & waffles, BRO.After a long night, we were searching for food -- and TA-DA! GrandLux to the rescue. I am not really a huge fan of this place, but it was the best option of the time since many places were closed already and we didnt really want to eat at the food court. I was excited to see my favorite on the menu-- chicken & waffles! drooool. It was definitely no roscoes, but it did its job. Breakfast is always a good option for any meal of the day. Overall the restaurant is pretty big and the menu is good for large groups with people with different tastes. It has something for everyone!
4	Consistently good food, open al day and fast service... what more can you ask for while staying here at the Venetian???
1	The service is so bad that I didn't even get in for dinner instead I just went to the grand lux at Venetian !!!we were waiting for 20 minutes until the they called our name and found out he took us to the bar which we cleared stated we don't want Then we wait for another 10 minutes and another waitress lead us to a small table ...we always order large portion of food so obviously we need bigger table and there's tons of empty tables but they insist we have to wait again for who knows how long so I just told them I'm going to Venetian When we got to Venetian the wait is only 5 minutes and the service is way nicer
3	Meh.  If you're a tourist on a budget looking for a good place to eat at a relatively low price this is NOT the place.  If you're a tourist looking to eat at one of Las Vegas' renowned dining establishments this is NOT the place.If you're a local on a budget this is NOT the place.  If you're a local looking to splurge this is NOT the place.Fairly mediocre food prepared in a decent fashion.  But it's about $2 too expensive for a sandwich and about $5 too expensive for a dinner entre.  I do enjoy their short rib grilled cheese sandwich and patty melt (it's called something else but whatever).But every time I pay the bill I wonder why the hell I chose this place.  Still...the food quality is fine.  Fries could use some work though - they are pretty brutal over there.  Stale maybe?  My advice?  Pick someplace else.  If you want something cheap go to the Venetian food court which is literally a 5 minute walk away from the Palazzo.
3	Nice place to stop by when you want to eat at the Venetian/Palazzo. Waiters are very courteous and try their best to accommodate you. We got:Breakfast combo (scrambled eggs, hash brown, sausage links): The eggs were aplenty, as were the sausages...the hash browns were spread very thin and not fried enough so it wasn't crispy. Actually, it was borderline chewy, and the bf did not appreciate that at all. Sonoma Salad: I wish I had more avocado in my salad, but it wasn't bad. The chicken was very moist and seasoned very well (may be a bit salty for some of you). The corn is really fresh (none of that canned stuff!) and may have been my favorite part of the meal. Not bad at all :)Overall they give giant portions for a good price. I think the food (the breakfast) may have been better, but then again we did go fairly late to eat. I'd come back; this is a very convenient place.
2	I know the food is good at any Grand Luxe Cafe (I'm an avid eater at the Beverly Center location in CA). BUT I'm reviewing this location purely on my experience with the hostess. I asked if she can let the other members of my party know where I am sitting upon their arrival. She said oh I wouldn't be able to know who they are, so I can't. ???!That's just horrible. Other hostesses in other restaurants will make sure to get my name and lead other members of the party to the table. I hope corporate reads this. Her name is Caitlyn or Katelyn. I'm not sure, but this occured at 9:45am today.
5	I just LOVE this place... I remember the very first time I ate here.... it was very good.  The last three times I stayed @ Palazzo, me and my family basically ate @ Grand Lux Cafe every meal (we were there for 3 or 4 days.)  This place has been consistent with their service, taste/presentation of food, and price.
4	Pros: food is great, price is fair, and atmosphere is the bestCons: long wait, busy but slow serviceAnother thought, there is another one right by the Venetian, will try that one
4	You can pretty much trust anything o the menu here and would love it. Though it's a sister resaurant to Cheesecake Factory, in comparison I say it's even better. Can't go wrong with: Chicken Piccata pasta, The Rachel [sandwich], benigets, actually ANYTHING FROM HERE IS DELISH.
3	Grand Lux is a solid place to eat.  The service sometimes lacks but it is made with the food that you get.  The portions are big and I have yet to have a bad experience with the quality.  Now it is more of a casual place to eat considering it is in the Palazzo and they have a bevy of high quality places to eat.  So if you wanted a high end place, take it somewhere else in the Venetian or Palazzo but if you want something to cater to a lot of people with different tastes and what not you can take them here and they will find something to their liking.  The menu goes from Asian to Italian to your regular meat and potatoes.  So if you are in the mood for something that you can't exactly put your finger on, stop by here and I'm sure you find it.
2	Something has gone really wrong here. I lived in Beverly Hills for a long time. The Grand Lux at the Beverly Center is a 5-star restaurant...therefore, it is staffed with only the finest servers and hosts. The servers at the Beverly location are trained to know the menu by heart, give recommendations, and even engage in conversation to make the dining experience more memorable. This location at the Palazzo has none of that. Yes, the food is still really good like at the Beverly location, but the service just plain sucks. They always forget to bring out the free bread that all the Grand Lux and CheeseCake Factory locations ALWAYS provide for free. The servers don't even say anything and even seem like they have difficulty articulating words in their heads. I know places like WalMart will hire mentally disabled people because the government pays them to do so, I have recently come to the conclusion that this place does the same thing. I know that the Cheesecake Factory owns the Grand Lux and that the Grand Lux is supposed to be their high end restaurants, but in my opinion the Cheesecake Factory is far superior in food and in service. I recommend going across the street to the Cheesecake Factory at the Forum Shops, it has much better customer service and food.
4	Yea, it's pretty much what you'd expect: A Cheesecake Factory without all the Cheesecake Factory gluttony you're used to. Menu is smaller, portions are smaller, and they managed to "class is up" just a notch.Our server was annoying; like, he thought he was funny when he wasn't. (For exmaple, when I was slightly confused with the menu he asked me that I "Stay with him" when he was explaining it.) I guess he couldn't really help this personality trait of his, so for that I won't deduct stars for that. I mean, you can't really punish stupid people for being born the way, right?Food was great. As other yelpers noted, the chicken and waffles is superb! Light, airy waffle and deep fried golden poultry deliciousness?! *gaahhh!*
5	NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM with a side of NOM. So good....and the waiter Marcus (if you have the honor of getting him as your waiter....is so awesome! love him!)
4	I ate here six times on my six night stay at the Palazzo. It's cheap, it's convenient, it's open late, and the portions are HUGE.  When I say huge, I mean HUGE (like you can have one portion for two meals huge).I recommend the chicken and waffles as well as the pasta with sun dried tomatoes, mushrooms and chicken. In case you're wondering, they use witchcraft to get their chicken that moist - I asked.
4	I work at the Cheesecake Factory in Chicago so when I came in here every body was super friendly and I even ended up knowing a lot of people! And just like back home, the food is great, the menu is vast and appealing to everyone so you will find yourself happy every time. I won't really go into details for the simple reason that you will definitely find something you would like [they literally have dishes of every kind of popular food]. It's also conveniently located next to the Casino at the Venetian so you can grub and gamble or gamble and grub. The staff is super friendly, the atmosphere is romantic and trendy and the bill isn't as over the top as you may think. So go ahead and enjoy! I highly recommend it!
4	After entering The Palazzo and passing by its festive red flying parasol and dragon decorations already in place for the Chinese New Year, Diane and I were seated in a comfortable booth on the patio adjacent to the casino floor.  Then we were presented with good, springy wheat bread that had an excellent crusty crust.  The bread basket was set down on our table one second after we sat down.While Diane enjoyed a hot appetizer of small bites of creamy Macaroni and Cheese served in a black skillet, I savored a huge amount of nicely seasoned and sauteed minced chicken breasts, diced water chestnuts, and carrot filling in cool fresh Lettuce Wraps with an Asian Dipping Sauce and Hot Mustard..  The order was so large I took half of it home, and it served as a full lunch by itself the next day.  Piping hot Mushroom Barley Soup with beef stock, carrot bits, and identically sliced chewy White Mushrooms was a satisfying soup of the day.  Our server reported that he was told that the mushrooms were Shitake Mushrooms but they were not of that variety.Then I enjoyed excellent melt apart Braised Pot Roast with al dente Carrots and Broccolini served with a splendid Brown Pan Gravy and yummy Yukon Gold Mashed Potatoes.  Extra gravy was quickly provided on request.  There was scarcely any fat on the tender meat.  I also liked the very good Asian Slaw supplied with an order of Crispy Fish & Chips.  Only the six very large, elongated hunks of fish were not that crispy, and neither were the French Fries.Service was swift and friendly by proficient servers clad in black and white.  We passed on dessert because we had already eaten free Chocolate Cake at Johnny Fortunato's Tribute to Elvis Presley inside The Club at the Cannery to commemorate the King of Rock 'n Roll's birthday before we left to drive to The Palazzo to have a late dinner at the Grand Lux.  But I was intrigued by the restaurant's listed baked to order desserts, and look forward to enjoying one the next time we dine at this fine all-purpose eating establishment, which is a couple of notches above a fine coffee shop.  Along with its sister property at The Venetian, to me the Grand Lux Cafe ranks as the pre-eminent cafe in Las Vegas.
4	The stars are ONLY for Boston Mike!! The food same as Cheesecake factory... And they sent out the wrong thing 3 times...but our server was AWESOME!!!
4	YUMMMMMMM. I love almost everything i've had here, and it's all delicious and reasonably priced! Very big portions too, so you always leave here stuffed with leftovers for the post-clubbing drunken munching! =)
4	Good food with generous portions. Tried the chicken and waffles... It's pretty good y'all! Wish it was open 24/7 for some nom after clubbing.
4	I wish we would have had breakfast there EVERY day! We were staying at the Palazzo and popped in for breakfast on our last day. I had never tried Chicken and Waffles so I thought, "What the heck!" OMG!! SOOO good! The chicken is NOT greasy and it's all white meat. The waffle itself was perfection but then you put a few chopped pecans, some powdered sugar and some chicken on it and it's DELICIOUS! It almost didn't even need syrup! The other people in my party had the pancakes and french toast and both were amazing. The prices are very fair, especially for the amount and quality of food you get. I did discover that Cheesecake Factory runs this place, so how can you go wrong? Two thumbs up!!
4	We wanted to go there for lunch but we went the opposite direction from the restaurant. Since we were lost and hungry, we ate at a near by restaurant.At night, we were at the Venetian for the Blue Man Group. After the show on our way out,  we happened to see a sign with the restaurant name. We got excited and followed the sign until we arrived to the restaurant. As we walked inside, there was a short wait before getting seated. Once we sat down, a friendly waitress greeted us and let us know that the food portions were huge so we should order three main entrees and a salad for four. We had pork ribs, salmon with three different sauces, Mediterranean mahi mahi, and the house vinaigrette salad. While we waited, the bread came out. We mainly ate the insides of the bread since the outer part was too tough. When our food finally arrived, we dug in. The only downside was the mahi mahi which was a little too dry. As for the other three dishes, we enjoyed every bit of it.The restaurant is huge with plenty of paintings.  The atmosphere is nice and the service is fantastic.  Also, good place to go if you are not in the mood for buffet. Overall, we love the place and will definitely come back when we are in town.
3	Ambience like Cheesecake Factory, for sure, and I love Cheesecake Factory, the way it makes you feel all warm and cozy. The dim lighting sets the mood. I got the Pasta Pomodoro, which was pretty good, just tomato sauce, basil, and angel hair. I only wish the pasta was more al dente. The pasta with clams was full of clams. Great, prompt service.
2	It's ok. Too busy/noisy so the host was not nice.
4	Food was great, just was expecting some menu items from the other one
3	The food here is pretty consistently good and being open 24 hours definitely has it's benefits.  The service is hit-or-miss.The specialty cocktails are my biggest gripe: they don't post the prices and they cost more than the food, so beware because it can be a bit of a shock  when the bill comes (particularly since they aren't anything "special").
2	My rating my be a bit off because I got my food to go.  So take heed of that warning when reading this.But... the food was very, very forgettable (and it's not due to the huge consumption of alcohol that followed), but it just lacked anything worth metnioning.The food was edible, barely.  Nothing was "good".  It takes forever for anything to come out (i think we waited about half an hour?)Meh.
4	Grand Lux Cafe reminds me a bit of the Cheesecake Factory in it's decor and food options. I was pleasently surprised at the prices though. For Vegas, this restaurant was one of the lesser expensive options. For $13.95 ordered the Alfredo noodles - which were excellent. Simple, but the sauce was creamy and delicious as though they made it from scratch. Also got a Warm Goat Cheese Salad. The 'fried' goat cheese balls were delish but did not enjoy the dressing as much....it had apple chunks drizzled with honey which made the salad just a but too sweet. Not bad though. Everyone else at my table received their meals - all looked great and large portions. I would definitely come back!
4	Well, I like this place. Or maybe I was hungry. Portions are huge! It's reasonable priced and everything was tasty; plus, it's open 24 hours for those drunken nights. We had the Lunch Pasta Telephono and the Sausage and Pepperoni Pizza. My friend had their home-made Chicken Pot Pie but said she didn't like it at all; the crust was too thick. Overall, service was awesome. The waitress was super attentive.
4	Since we stayed at the Palazzo, we had our last meal at the Venetian Location. This is definitely one of my favorite places to eat now since the service, location, decor, and food is so bomb. The waiter and waitress helped us out alot by giving recommendations, making sure we were good on drinks, and getting our orders right, ahha. Didn't give us bread though! But it's okay, can't be too picky.Got the Chicken Jambalaya with the jalapeno Cheese cornbread on the side. SO GOOD. Chicken was juicy, rice was well cooked, and the sauce was so bomb, the cornbread was super good too! props on presentation in a tiny skillet. I definitely recommend this dish. Seriously an overlooked place to eat, I'm all about it. I think they also have Sunday buffet. Maybe next time!
4	24/7 - large menu divided by time of day/night. I would advise to stick to things cheesecake factory (if you haven't read already, same owners) are good at such as pasta and specialty salad & "American Food". The chicken wings were DELICIOUS. We got the asian flavored one. Perfectly crispy and flavorful. I ordered the half soup, half salad. The soup was not good. Too much cream & sugar (makes it sound like I'm drinking coffee doesn't it haha) but it was not tasty at all. Large portion sizes but the price range is also higher, once again like cheesecake factory. Oh and quick tip for the gals, I don't know why their floors are so slippery! But only in Vegas would you find awesomely maintained flooring. If you're wearing heels, be careful! Restrooms are outside the restaurant, across the way inside the casino.
4	Overall, good meal, reasonably priced and large selection.
5	I've been to vegas many times but i didn't hear about Grand Luxe until my 9th trip to  vegas?! If you don't feel like eating cheap fast food but want something good for an affordable price, Grand Luxe is the place to be! Large portions which lasted us until dinner for about an average of $10! I had a tequila drink, forgot the name, but it had patron in it and was very smooth and fruity. We ordered the fried calamari appetizer for the 2 of us and they gave us a lot! We ate so much we were almost full by the time we got our entrees. I ordered some lasagna dish, they make it differently than other lasagnas but i was too full to enjoy the fantastic flavors that i had to togo 2/3 of it! my bf had some sort of cobb salad and it looked so appealing a random came up to us and asked what he ordered. I'll definitely be coming back here on my next Vegas trip, hopefully sometime within the next few weeks!
4	I ate here the 3/3 days that I stayed in Vegas. Despite the convenience of staying at the Palazzo as well, the food and was worth coming back for more. The calamari was my favorite! Both the mini sized ones and the larger portion one which came with an unusual yet bomb dipping sauce. Totally crispy and the breading was unlike anything I have had before. The corned beef hash, great for anytime of the day, was also good and twas a large portion! I would also hiiiiiighlyyy recommend the Asian BBQ tacos. Very tasty, enough to satisfy your hunger and is such a cute presentation. This restaurant feels classy and the decor is beautiful and pairs nicely with the delicious food.However. I had to knock off one star for poor service etiquette! 2/3 days, I received poor service, they also seemed to hate their life because they had expressionless faces. I know you guys get busy sometimes, but a be right back or a thank you in reply would be nice. Needless to say, I'll come back again for sure.
3	The food here is pretty consistently good. Good enough to deal with the pretty consistently horrible service anyways. The first time I went it was just un enthusiastic service. I can forgive that. We all have our off days. The last time our server had all the panache of someone trying to sell week old hot dogs. I just felt vaguely in the way of his running around and like a nuisance for wanting any kind of refill.
4	Great breakfast in a beautiful restaurant. Reasonable price.
4	I LOVE Grand Lux Cafe! The first time we went, we tried to go to the one at the Venetian, which happened to be closed, but because it was so highly recommended, we trekked "all the way" to the one in the Palazzo. Definitely definitely worth it! A few Vegas trips later, I found myself back here again because my friend absolutely had to have the "Grand Lux Burger Melt" again and had been raving about it the entire weekend.I don't think you could go wrong with ANY of the burgers on the menu. SO YUMMY! The chipotle mayo is indescribably good, and is delicious for dipping fries in. I had the "Garlic-Blue Cheese Burger" because I love garlic and I love blue cheese and it definitely did not disappoint. The garlic-blue cheese aioli is top notch (and also good for fry dipping.)My only complaint is that they get BUSY and that causes a dramatic decrease in the quality of the service. We were STARVING when we arrived, and even though we had a large party (~10 people), we were seated relatively quickly, but waited forever for our food. The bread didn't even get to our table until we had been seated for at least 15-20 minutes. It also took forever to get our server's attention to bring us the check, and get it back to us. Eventually, we ended up just going up to their little kiosk to hand it to them.Random Stuffs: Not a good place to lose at credit card roulette... not exactly a cheap meal to pay for everyone! Trust me. Also, beware the floors-- surprisingly slick!tl;dr: REALLY GOOD BURGERS (the sauces are amazinggg), but slow service when they're busy.
3	Ok, maybe its just me but I feel like Grand Lux looks like Cheesecake Factory. Don't get me wrong, it looks cool, just very similar. I have been to this place a few times, always ordered something different and for the most part the food was relatively satisfying. I will have to say that this past time that I went, it was very much not appealing. My order did not come out right at all. I ordered the omelet with the chose of 3 things to go inside. I chose artichoke, mushroom, spinach, on an egg white omelet with an additional bacon inside. The omelet comes with hash brown. Not only did my hash brown taste bad, it was burnt, crispy, and my omelet did NOT have my bacon. My friend was so upset with the turn out of my food we called over the server and they fixed my food and there was no charge on the additional "bacon". I was the last person to finish eating. It was a fail. If you go to Grand Lux, don't order anything too complicated for them to understand. It could come out bad. -_-
3	Grand Lux is good, fairly priced and service was spot on.My complaint is that all the food is pretty salty. We ordered the Fried Calamari with rock shrimp and that was awesome! super good!Fish and Chips were good but salty. Turkey Club was good but the bread was too hard and I had to remove the crust to finish eating it.Bloody Mary was too salty.Overall, it's a great generic restaurant with a mid-range price point.Open till 3am too which is AWESOME
4	I love Grand Lux Cafe!!This location is not quite as good as the Venetian location, but its just as nice.  Great servers, the place is nice & big & clean. Always a pleasure to eat here. Major Recommendations:Molten Chocolate Cake. Seriously tastes as delicious as it sounds. I would go here just for this. Must order probably around when you get your first entree or appetizer, depending on how fast you eat, because it takes about 20 minute to prepare.
5	What can I say?  I adore Grand Lux...especially the Palazzo location.When menus are as extensive as the one at Grand Lux, it can either be a good or bad thing.  Here, they do a wonderful job of maximizing a diverse variety of menu items, while still maintaining the highest standard of quality.  You can order anything from breakfast to Asian to Italian to American gourmet influenced meals. Some of my favorites include the Avocado Chipotle Burger and the Wild Mushroom Burger.The atmosphere and decor is lovely.  High ceilings and a clean open feel make for a very pleasant ambiance.  The service has always been excellent each time I've been no matter how large our party was.The best part is....you get all of that goodness for pretty reasonable prices.
4	You cannot go wrong at this place! Had an amazing burger that featured beef, short ribs, bacon and cheddar. On vacation, calories dont count! My buddies tried some of the other burgers on the menu and everyone loved their choices. Great food, fun place, pretty reasonable prices.
4	The MUSHROOM CREAM SOUP saved me many times during late nights!
4	No wait, great service, very good food, esp seafood salad and shrimp scampi
4	Located in the Venetian hotel, this is their coffee shop and it's much better than the average coffee shop in a hotel. We normally get the buffet breakfast for about $16.  We got there later and decided to try a lunch menu.  I had the burger medium which was very good.  Good seasoning to the meat and it was pink in the middle.  Didn't have my camera.  The fries were crispy good too.
3	This place is average at best! How can so many people give it 4 stars? The chicken I had here was overly seasoned.
3	I love how this restaurant opens until 2 a.m.! The menu is incredible! They have so many mouth-watering selections just like The Cheesecake Factory. The ahi tuna ceviche was not that good though... it lacked flavoring! The miso salmon I had was amazing, plus it tasted even better because I substituted white rice for mashed potatoes. The pasta carbonara my bf had was a little dry and the pasta noodles were still tough. Overall, I would give this place another chance whenever I'm in town again.
1	If nothing else is open, you can get airport food served to you by people who clearly wish they were somewhere else. If anything else IS open, go...literally anywhere else.
5	This one doesn't open 24/7 but the one at the Venetian does.  I've been to Grand Lux almost every time that I'm in Vegas.  The service SUCKS - it's worst than Denny's.  BUT THE FOOD IS SO GOOD. This past weekend, I found out that you can order your food to-go.  So bypass all that shitty service and just order it from the side cafe!  The food comes packed up; you still get your complementary table bread; and just take it up to the room and feast in private.  Anyway, the mashed potato spring rolls are a MUST.  And the pasta telefono is good too.
2	Blah. Wow, is it just me. Went to Vegas for a quick trick (haven't been there in a while) and had an overall poor experience with food. I thought Vegas was picking it...trying to play with the big boys like NYC, San Fran and L.A. It's just not happening.For the prices at this place, you should expect more. $18 for a salad...no creativity whatsoever, no unique ingredients, not organic, etc.Eat lunch elsewhere. Only thing that was good was their onion soup--and I don't care for onion, but this one was decent.
4	I'm in Vegas for the MMS 2012 conference.  It's weird because I'm usually here with a group of people.  For this week, I'm on my own.  Left to my own resolve and no agenda whatsoever.  WooHoo!!I saw the Grand Lux Cafe in the in-room publications for the hotel and saw that they had a miso glazed salmon which I totally missed from The Cheesecake Factory (miso glazed SESAME salmon).  Those were the days.So I ordered it up along with a Jack and Coke.  That was what caused the one star reduction in my rating.  Too much Coke and not enough Jack.  :)Not too many people in the place during lunch.  Granted it was 3:30PM when I got there and there are obviously other places to eat but whatever, they all missed out.The salmon was prepared perfectly.  Moist enough to flake off at the slightest touch from my fork.  When it met my taste buds, it was like they were old friends getting reacquainted again for the first time...they just melted into each other.  The perfect amount of miso glaze topped off the experience but it didn't end because there was another forkful on it's way.  The filet was a very generous portion and by the end of the meal, I was stuffed.  I opted for the brown rice which was perfect.  The usual nuttiness didn't accompany the rice.  I've had this before at home.  It was a jasmine brown rice which, judging by the size of the grain, it seemed this was jasmine or a member of the same family.  The meal also included stir fry vegetables which were awesome.  Lately I've been in a veggie mood so I'm not sure if this influenced my experience.  Whatever it was, the veggie medley was perfect.  Yellow and red bell peppers, sugar pea snaps, edamame, onions, shitake mushrooms stirred up to perfection!Make it a point to get here when you get to Sin City and can't decide where of the thousands of choices you have to eat.
4	I've eaten here several times when in Vegas, and the food is consistently good. This place is related/linked to the Cheesecake factory, so if you've been there, you'll find the Grand Lux menu and pricing familiar. When on my home turf, I wouldn't consider the Cheesecake Factory an expensive eat, but I wouldn't call it a cheap eat either. However, by Vegas standards, the Grand Lux, for the quality of the food served, is quite moderately priced. And I love that it's always open. In Vegas, when you're out late and hungry at 2am or later, that's awesome.I've tried a few things here and everything has been good, but most memorable was a grilled cheese/short rib sandwich I had for lunch one time. It was literally the best grilled cheese sandwich I'd ever had in my life. It's the only way I ever want to eat a grilled cheese from now on.
4	Every time I'm in Vegas, this is definitely my go-to spot. It's open late, and it has everything I want. From breakfast to dinner to dessert! What more could a girl ask for?It's the cure to a hangover and for a starving girl after a night of partying or gambling! The smoothies ARE THEE BEST! Hands down! It rejuvenates your body!But I must admit, I ALWAYS order the Pasta with Chicken, Sun-Dried Tomatoes & Mushrooms. It's the best pasta ever. I don't think I've ever tried anything else, but maybe I should. haha.OH! They have the best cookies ever. They're made just right. Crispy and moist...just how I like it!
5	Fresh hot coffee, generous portions, delicious foods, lots of selection & fantastic service.
4	I can only comment on the breakfast, but this was exactly what I was looking for. The portions were good, the service was great, the food was great. Definitely a good spot for breakfast!
4	After an hour of walking around the Shops at Palazzo and looking at the various menus, we came back to the Grand Lux Cafe after yelping "lava cake." Don't make the mistake that we first made by going to the Grand Lux at the Venetian, as they don't serve lava cake there. So once we found the right one, we ordered from their tapas page at the front of the menu, basically a variety of small plates. We tried almost everything: calamari, ahi tuna ceviche, and the short rib asian tacos, macaroni and cheese, buffalo chicken bites, mini pastrami reuben sandwiches.  And of course for dessert the lava cake. Our favorites were the ceviche and short rib tacos. The calamari and pastrami dishes were very good too. The macaroni and cheese was not good at all. In the menu it's described as creamy, but the cheese on top was rock hard. When I decided to take it home for the kids, I found all the creaminess had separated and was at the bottom of the little skillet that it's served in. Best thing about the little plates are the reasonable prices and you still have room for dessert. And you MUST save room for dessert. The lava cake here was to die for, and dare I say it, the best lava cake I've ever had! The presentation was beautiful, on a rectangular platter, the cake, scoop of vanilla ice cream, garnish of strawberries all in a row, with a sweep of chocolate ganash along the top. They have a selection of baked to order desserts, including this one, that you have to order at least 30 minutes in advance. It had a perfectly chewy, brownie like consistency on the outside and once you poked a hole in it, the piping hot ganache comes flowing out like.... lava. So perfect!Also, they had a great service. Our server in particular was amazing. We noticed that he didn't write anything down when we ordered and we asked him about it later. He said that he's taken orders for parties of 12 and remembers everything. So if you don't know what to eat while in Vegas, come here because they have everything and they do it really well.
5	1st time eating here & I'm impressed!!! Both of Aunties work @ Grand Lux Cafe (Venetian & Palazzo side) so their recommendations were right!! Ate the mini tacos (only @ Palazzo) & it was DELICIOUS!!! Waiter was friendly & knew his menu.. The setup of the restaurant is nice & huge.. Love it!! Will definitely eat here again..
3	I've been here more than once for a late night meal with friends. It's worth checking out, especially if you were out at Tao or Lavo, or simply partying late on the casino floor. They make a pretty tasty salad here with lots of dark greens. I've tried their flatbread style pizza. Not bad. I think you're better off going to an italian place or specialty pizzeria if that's what you want.I've enjoyed their burger here as well. It's big and juicy but considering all the excellent burger options you have in this town, I wouldn't recommend ordering it. The fries are acceptable but I've had better to be sure.Desert options are probably the redeeming quality of this establishment. Everything from waffles to their assortment of pies and sundae creations is pretty mouthwatering, especially when you've got those irresistible late night cravings. The bottom line is that this place is pretty decent, but I don't think they live up to their pricing or their prestigious image. Good food, but is it great? Not in my opinion. Give 'em a shot if you're around--I'm sure you'll like them. But I wouldn't expect to be blown away.
5	Discovered this restaurant in LA and found out this is where it originated! I LOVE this place! This restaurant in particular has a breakfast buffet. :) Just a little tip
5	After having terrible experiences at several "fine dining" restaurants on our Vegas trip, we were thrilled to have wonderful service and great food at Grand Lux Cafe.  We wanted a convenient and relatively inexpensive meal before our red eye flight home.  We had a wonderful, attentive, friendly waiter.   My husband and I each order the cream of chicken soup and a salad - the wedge for me, which is considered a "small" salad though it is literally half of a head of lettuce, and my husband had the roasted beet salad.  Everything was very good and came out quickly.  The waiter had alerted us to their made-to-order desserts when we first arrived, so we order the beignets.  The were amazing!  The came out super hot with three dipping sauces - raspberry, chocolate, and creme anglaise (maybe with bourbon in it?).  There were so many beignets!  I ended up over eating because they were so good I just couldn't help myself.  The server (also friendly) who delivered our dessert recommended mixing the sauces and boy was she right - the raspberry and chocolate together were to die for.  This was also the only time on our entire trip that a manger stopped by our table to see how things were.  We made sure to tell him what a wonderful job our waiter had done and how happy we were after having bad service at so many "fine dining" restaurants previously in the week.  He was also very nice. The entire meal (with drinks) ended up being $70 (with an almost 30% tip), money well spent!
5	Mmm, the breakfast was amazingly good and fairly priced. The omelettes are huge and filling. Chicken and waffle are yum. Spicy bloody Mary to die for. Perfect breakfast.
4	Winner Winner Chicken Dinner!!This place is awesome!!! Delicious (and large) menu, very reasonable prices and huuge portions. The interior is very nice and wide open. The extremely high ceilings make the dining area enorous. Ourserver was very prompt, polite and accommodating - the exact characteristers you would look for in a server. I had the Indochine Shrimp and Chicken and it was supper tasty. The shrimp and pieces of chicken breast were big and plenitul. The sauce was also very good. It had a great balance of sweet and savory as well as the combination of the meats and the sun-dried cherries and apricots. My wife's Sunday Night pasta was amazing! The meat sauce was very meaty and combined well with the mushrooms, onions and garlic. It was very tasty and all served over a huge portion of spaghettini! The portion of this dish was definitely worth it.My only regret was only coming here once! As if it couldn't get any better.. the Grand Luxe located in the Venetian is open 24/7..... 'nough said.
5	Love, LOVE, LoVe!!!I decided to go with a chain in an effort to relieve some of my worries of never having been to the restaurant that was going to be hosting my wedding reception.  And while it was part of a chain, it was nice to know (a little) of what to expect.Because I used it for my reception I'm reviewing its private dining...My then husband-to-be and I first saw this Grand Lux the day before our wedding when we went to pay off our balance.  (I didn't want to have to worry about this the day of.)  We met with the manager who was so welcoming, and not in the fake-y way (that I myself am often accused of :) We only had a total of 15 guests make their way to Vegas, and I'm sure that this size of private party is peanuts to this establishment but you'd never know it from the way the staff treated us.  After paying the remainder of our bill, I asked to see the room where our reception would be help, and the manager took us THROUGH the kitchen to reach the room.  The kitchen staff welcomed us, but also didn't seem surprised to see patrons off the street (and after 8+  hours of traveling) in the back of the house.  Says a lot about how the restaurant is ran.Our reception was perfection.  We only had one server, I'm embarrassed I don't remember her name (probably b/c she made sure my hand always had a fresh glass of wine in it) but she was amazing.  She kept everything running smoothly, and everyone extremely happy.The food was great, our guests had the option of a chicken madreidra, miso salmon, or pasta fresca, and I heard everything I never had the chance to try was perfect. For the elevated level of service, quality of food, and sophisticated ambiance, as destination wedding bride, I feel that the Grand Lux Cafe went above and beyond in value.  Especially in Vegas!Highly, HIGHLY recommended.
3	I wanted to not like this place because it's a cheesecake factory.... but after dinner, I must say I'm a fan.  There were plenty of options for an inexpensive dinner and while the dinner rolls were average, the pork sliders and margherita pizza we got were delicious!  The sliders tasted absolutely gourmet!  Plus the pizza was enough for two people while still maintaing a high quality.This place not being named after a mass production facility and its much more tasteful decor made it much better than a cheesecake factory for me.
4	Tried Grand Lux cafe for the first time this past weekend and LOVED it! Yes, i do prefer the buffet experience when in Vegas, but I couldn't give this place anything less than four stars. And apparently everyone knows about it! It got pretty crowded around dinner time, but luckily they took our 12-person reservation. Yay!People are saying this is a Cheesecake factory ish restaurant, but in my two cents, it's better.  Best part about Grand Lux: BREAKFAST menu for dinner!
2	My husband & I ate at Grand Lux our last morning in Vegas as a send off before boarding the plane. I had thought that it would have such great food due to the reviews and/or the menu selection. I admit that we should have just gone with the breakfast buffet which was quicker and cheaper overall. I ordered the eggs and bacon and it was just 'okay'. Nothing spectacular and nothing to write home about. Our waiter wasn't very hands-on and I don't think he stopped by once but to drop the check off. I think there are better options in nearby hotels and with better food or haul it to Bon Ami which has amazing crepes.
4	More impressed than I thought I would be. The food and salads are great, nothing fancy. I also did the buffet for breakfast one morning, and it was good. No complaints about this place overall.
5	Yummy, finally spaghetti, with roast.  So much food, with Bobby and Annie.. Vacation for. Whole week here, hopefully we will be winners.
4	I've been here a couple times over the last couple years, including the one at the Venetian.  Went to this one more than once this past weekend. Never really ranked it as one of my favorite or go-to restaurants in Vegas, but it's definitely a favorite for my friends especially the Venetian one since it's open 24 hours.  I always thought of this place as a more expensive Cheesecake Factory.  In general, all of the salads are good here.  It wasn't until this weekend that I actually thought it was memorable enough to write about.  Why?  I discovered the Asian Chicken Nachos! SOOOOOOO Delicious. While eating this, I kept thinking... must write a yelp review.  Order this!
3	I have to admit i'm not a fan of the cheesecake factory so this was no different. The food was reliable, plentiful. I had the chicken royale and everything was cooked perfectly. My buddies had the Jambalaya and Max burger both of which they liked. The service started out great but then fell apart when our food was not coming out for quite sometime, and a couple different people came out to apologize even though we didn't complain or ask about the situation.   It's not a very exciting place to eat but it is fine and I'd come again
2	Food was decent.  I had a Ruben and husband and chicken alfredo.  Chicken was a bit dry for his taste, but overall ok.Two stars is for the bad service.  The only thing our waitress did was take our order and bring our drinks.  Someone else brought our food and our bill.  That was all the interaction we had.  Nobody stopped to see how things were, if we needed anything, etc.  I saw her look at our table at least twice, like she was thinking of coming over, but didn't.There were four tools sitting next too us, better dressed, ordering shots, who she was very attentive to.  If only she knew that we had both been servers in a former life and tip very well....when it is deserved.  But she shouldn't have to know that....I believe you should treat all customers with the same respect.
1	45 minutes and nothing more than bread, water and drinks that we bought from the bar before being seated. Somehow our ticket was lost. About 25 minutes in, the manager came over to retake our order. Not much of an apology was given, offered to comp one of the dishes after we inquired. The server was awful. In the 45 minutes we were there, she stopped by twice to check in, only after another server overheard us complaining about the service. So much for having a hearty meal before an evening of boozing. We ordered pizza instead from another place. The manager couldn't give us an ETA on our food so after 45 minutes, we left.Good bread, horrible service.
2	2 stars for some halfassed service.It was 5am and the place was empty.... the server seemed a bit off too... dragged his feet as if he was half a zombie.Food took foreverrrrrrrrr, asked for straws 3 times, needed napkins, bill took forever, omg. On a brighter note, the chicken lettuce wraps were good and filling. Didn't feel so guilty for eating at 5am :)
5	We ate here twice during our stay. They stay open very late so it was one of thr few places we had to chose from. Glad we did! The food is excellent, great menu selection. Definately a great choice to eat and very good service as well.
1	i rated this Grand Lux a 1 star because the service is horrible! The waiter was just okay as far as serving.. the thing that got me was he SOLICITED TIP to my party. JUST BECAUSE WE WERE ASIANS he probably thought we didnt know how to tip! hello we grew up here buddy we do know how to tip!.. But overall i love the food just a horrible waiter! 5 star on the food, hopefully youll get lucky on getting a good waiter!
2	Staff was unimpressive. They didn't have pancakes or waffles because they were out of batter. I saw the good reviews here and relied on them for a good bfast. Wouldn't eat here again.
2	Grand Lux Cafe is the sister restaurant of Cheesecake Factory. I feel like it's exactly the same, just displaying a different name. Located in the Palazzo and very close to LAVO, this is a good place for pre-clubbing large groups and those late night drinkers who desperately need to eat. Every time I've come here the service has been hit or miss. This place tends to be busy no matter what time of day it is. It took our waiter about 45 minutes just to get us waters. It took just as long to get us extra silverware and napkins. Our waiters were switched out twice, which is something that somewhat bothers me when it comes to service because our last waiter had everyone's orders mixed up and even brought the wrong drinks at one point. The food was decent, but nothing really to rave about. Neither were the drinks, although fancy sounding lowered my expectations. The portions were plentiful and matched their fair prices. Presentation was done well, but completely overshadowed by the service. Honestly, this place is never my first choice when it comes to restaurants in Vegas, but mostly a last resort. I've had better service at a Cheesecake Factory.
4	Nothing like having yummy food right at the elevator entrance to make you almost OK with dining in your pajams on the late-night. I said ALMOST.... ::hangs head in shame::Ate there twice this past visit and both times, service was pretty stellar. Both times, the waitress was attentive and quick to bring us what we needed. My girls and I shared orders from the "Small Bites" section during our first visit, which were exactly what we needed to fuel our subsequent visit to Azure afterward (because who really wants to see my extended post-nosh belly? Not me!). We ordered a couple plates of the mini-tacos (both pork and fish), the mac and cheese and the ahi ceviche. For having such an extensive menu, all items were tasty and left very good impressions with all of us. Between three rather ravenous girls, we were satiated without being uncomfortably full. The second visit was a post-drinking munchy-fix, so burgers were on our mind. I originally ordered the veggie burger and the waitress was quick to check to see if I had ordered it before, as she did NOT recommend it (love honesty from waitstaff!). I went with her recommendation of the mushroom burger, which was satisfiying, if a little mushy (might not be extremely possible to construct a firmer mushroom patty than what it was). Our water glasses were never empty and we were never neglected, despite the late hour and the hordes of Vegas revelers that were all looking for their drunken nosh.The Palazzo is a definite repeat for me, and hence, so is GLC, ESPECIALLY during those late-night seshs.
5	Omg I love this place. Whether you're in Palazzo or Venetian, Grand Lux Cafe is a safe bet - open 24 hours, reasonable prices, and the food is great! My absolute favorite appetizer to order is the baked potato spring rolls, combining two of the best possible appetizers together. Crispy skin on the outside, cheese and potato on the inside, and lathered in sour cream and green onion. Simply delicious!Tip: If you're ordering to-go, they have a cafe adjacent to the restaurant. You have to order through them, the hostess in the restaurant won't take to-go orders. Try to phone-in your order because the wait is pretty long.
4	Grand Lux is the bomb for late night eating! Hugh menu featuring almost everything for everyone. My favs are the Fish and Chips, Prime rib sandwich! Portions are huge so be careful!!!
4	Love the Carrot Cake!! Have had good meals and bad here. Have had good service and terrible service. It is a toss up. But more often than not it has been good.
2	My wife and I have consistently gone here with every Vegas trip.  Unfortunately, this is the first time I really have anything negative to say.The chicken pot pie my wife received was poured very lightly.  It came with about half the food quantity that we are used to which, given the lightness of the sauce, significantly reduced the flavor quality of the dish as well.My wife is bi-lingual and therefore understands English and Spanish.  Our waitress didn't think anyone around her spoke Spanish and used that opportunity while standing near us to complain to another waitress on staff that she was just going to do as little as possible so she could go home sooner rather than later.  While I do understand that people are tired, it's still a job that you are expected to perform.  Because of this attitude she had, we experienced poor service all around.  At one point we had to ask someone else to check on our food because we hadn't seen our waitress in more than 30 minutes.
5	We go here very often when we're in town.  I love that we can get good eats at any hour of the day.  We tend to come in the early morning hours after going to the clubs.  I really like the variety on the menu as well.  Everything from breakfast foods to burgers to steak, pasta and desserts.  One of my favorite things to order is the pasta carbonara and chicken mushroom soup.  I've ordered quite a few things on the menu but I honestly can't remember the names of everything because I'm usually inebriated.  But really, I definitely recommend this place!
2	One of those places you just go when you are staying at the Palazzo or Venetian because it's so convenient, has that menu item that every person in your party wants whether it be fake pho noodle soup or a burger, and you can crawl into the restaurant at 1:00am to satisfy your drunk hunger.... The bread basket they give in the beginning is probably the best part of the meal.The service is really slow....
3	Expansive menu, decent food, sub-par service, reasonable prices. You'll probably think its ok. If you go after midnight, the menu is less expansive, but you probably won't notice, because you'll be drunk. I won't be, and I won't notice, for two reasons: 1) I don't drink, and 2) I probably wouldn't go back to this place. There are many more compelling dining choices on the strip.
4	It's like the Cheesecake Factory, but with fewer cheesecakes and worse free bread. I mean really, why can't they have the same brown bread as the Cheesecake Factory??Other than that, I really like this place. Service is excellent, food is good, prices are reasonable, what more can you ask for? After eating at the Studio Cafe at MGM last week and paying exorbitant prices for mediocre sandwiches and chicken fingers, Grand Lux Cafe was very refreshing. I had the Bistro Steak which was a small steak with polenta and brussels sprouts and it was the perfect size for me. A couple of my friends ordered pastas and they were HUGE - literally enough for 3 people. Like the Cheesecake Factory, Grand Lux also has a variety of small plates and appetizers to choose from as well.I would definitely come back the next time I'm at Palazzo or Venetian. No, it's not the most unique dining experience in Vegas, but open 24 hours and well priced for a hotel restaurant? Count me in!
5	The first time I went here was for my 21st birthday, and I returned for my 22nd!  The waitress I had was amazing.  She kept a genuine smile on the whole time and made us feel very welcome.  This time nothing was wrong in the kitchen so we got to pick from the entire menu.  They added new things such as a menu based on portions and I ordered the salmon picotta.  It was one of the best tasting dishes I had while I was in Vegas.This is really a 4.5 review but only because I wish they had something more for the birthday dessert.  It was a delectable flaky snack, but a kind of cake would have been nice.  It was free though, so I can't complain too much!Will definitely be back next time I return to LV.
5	Update: I did go back and had the sandwich again! It is just fabulous! Food and service was awesome again.  Also tried the key lime pie, which was delicious.  Great cafe.  Must try the turkey and Brie sandwich! FABULOUS! Also had mashed potatoes and Mac & cheese. I know carb heaven. Food was delicious and the service was outstanding! Would definitely come back.
4	I always heard that the Grand Lux Cafe was the same owners at the Cheesecake Factory, so I was a little disappointed when I didn't see the Crusted Chicken Romano on the menu. Nonetheless, I ordered the LUNCH portion of the Chicken Piccata. I capitalized the word "lunch" because normally, it would be smaller than the full serving. I was wrong. It was HUGE. Plus it was a few bucks cheaper which was nice as well. It tasted pretty good. Plus the serving of penne was quite generous.
4	The food was great! Although keep in mind I was a bit tipsy when I came here. If the same applies to you then I definitely recommend trying this place out.Open until pretty late, when we went it wasn't too crowded. Nothing negative to say about the service, and the food had pretty big portions. Decently priced for being in Vegas and near the strip, and I personally thought the food was worth it.The Asian Nachos were my favorite since they were so unique and tasty. Great for sharing with friends. They have a really big menu so there's something for everyone!
5	We recently stayed at the Palazzo, so the Grand Lux was really close to the guestroom elevators.  Needless to say we ate breakfast, lunch and dinner here the whole trip.  They're also open 24 hours which is very convenient for late night munchies.  Overall the food was very good and reminiscent of the cheesecake factory (Company/Owners).  But I personally think the Grand Lux is much better than the Cheesecake factory.We tried most of the pastas, some sandwiches and the asian specialties over rice.  Here are my favorites:**Pasta Telephono- Creamy tomato sauce baked with melted mozzarella and breadcrumbs... delicious!**Crispy Caramel Chicken- Sweet, crispy and tangy little pieces of fried chicken over rice... sorta like orange chicken but much much better.  *The Shaking Beef is also very good and has a similar flavor.**Seared Ahi Tuna salad- very light and refreshing with a good amount of fish.**Spinach dip- Creamy with lots of spinach and artichoke and not too heavy like other spinach dips**Short-rib grilled cheese-  tender short rib with different melted cheeses and caramelized onions.  Very filling...My least favorite meal was the ZEN NOODLES- overpriced with mediocre broth.  I thought it would be just like Pho Ga(chicken) but it was way too lemony and the rice noodles were thick and too hard.  You get a small bowl for $14 and they do not have any hoisin sauce :(  If you really want pho I would drive off the strip to chinatown or down flamingo road...
2	It makes me so sad that I have to give the Palazzo location of Grand Lux 2 stars.  I love Grand Lux, even though I end up leaving the restaurant overfull from all their delicious food.Why 2 stars?  The service sucks here.  I came here like 5 to 10 times this summer as I was playing poker tournaments at the Palazzo.  With a 60 minute dinner break, I barely had enough time to eat my dinner, even though I ran from the tournament to the restaurant to put in my order.  Consistently, my food didn't show up until 40 minutes after I had ordered, leaving me 20 minutes to scarf down my food and pay.  Consistently they couldn't even get a basket of fucking bread to me in the first half hour of my arrival.  That's just ridiculous.I came back once after the poker tournament series was over, thinking it would be better since it wasn't so slammed.  I ordered a salad and a main course.  I sat there forever, asking twice for a basket of bread.  First thing to arrive?  My main course.  WHAT THE FUCK I HATE THAT!  I told the waiter to cancel my salad, who wanted to argue with me that he tried to warn me that the salad would take forever.  No, I asked which appetizer comes out the quickest since I'm starving, and he said they all take the same amount of time.  So I got the salad instead, which does not take the same amount of time to make as the cedar planked salmon.Oh, and the bread finally came after I had started my dinner.Do yourself a favor and take a walk down to the Venetian Grand Lux so you won't be twiddling your thumbs with a grumbling stomach for a half hour.
5	I love this placeIt is good to have dinner over there, but I like it even better for a tea time. I order a coffee and one of their amazing cakes. Usually i order the melting chocolate cake that they make right away. It really does worth the 30 mins waiting. THe place by itself is very nice, relaxing place to hang out with your friends
4	I've had a lotta memories here at the Grand Lux... some sober ones, some drunken ones, some nauseatingly sick ones, and even some hungover ones. No matter how I felt, Grand Lux has always been there for me 24 hours a day and I'm truly grateful for their comfort food that soothes my soul.Okay I may be a little dramatic, but since this Grand Lux is in Vegas, there are crazy drunk and hungry people coming in around the clock. The menu is extensive so you can pretty much satisfy nearly any appetite. Typically if I order off the pasta section, another girl and I could share it pretty easily. There isn't really much of a difference between Grand Lux and The Cheesecake Factory except maybe a slight menu change. All the food is still very similar and much like The Cheesecake Factory, everything you order will be pretty good. If it isn't, I don't think they'd have any problem changing it for you since their customer service is always very good.I typically frequent The Grand Lux in The Palazzo, but keep in mind there's also one in The Venetian. Confusing, I know. But if you're meeting people just make sure you specify.
3	I stopped in the Grand Lux for breakfast on a Wednesday morning and the service was good, the food..... meh.Not so much the taste but after contemplating what to order for a bit, I decided on getting their brunch buffet.  Bad choice.  The selection is so small and limited that I could've ordered a regular breakfast plate for the same price or cheaper.  I really only ordered the buffet because juice came with it.  If you were to get more than one plate then maaaaybe the price is fine but that was not my intention.Don't waste your money on the buffet people, get a regular plate and call it a day.
4	Love this place! Got the chipotle avocado burger and added mushrooms with fries! The burger was bigggg! But so juicy and delucious! My friend had the breakfast sandwich and she thought the hashbrowns were dry! Only knocked off a star because our server was late taking orders, bringing drinks and the bread!
2	Food took forever. Good bread hot n soft w delish butter. They ran out of lemons and took 45 minutes to bring us ...three salads and a soup. On Saturday. Also we had to ask for bread after 20 minutes. When we asked about our food, the waitress gave us attitude!!! I mean, yes you are pushing 50 and you have too many tables but suck it up! You're at work! Food was ok tasting, not delicious, the crab salad has occasional specks of crab. Oh chain restaurant in one of the most heavily trafficked casinos in Vegas, WHY CAN'T YOU GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER????
3	For a quick bite after a day of shopping, this mostly hit the spot.  Service was not very attentive, but was friendly.We ordered off their Small Bites/Tapas menu which is such a fun way to munch.Pros:The Asian Short Rib Tacos - Fantastic!Reuben Sliders - I would have been happy just with thisCons:Edamame - Better pretty much every other place I have had them, no flavorDuck Triangles - Not too excitingCocktails - A whole page on the menu dedicated to them, but no prices listed.  On the bill - $10.50, about what I would have expected, but the drink itself was quite a let down.    Next time I would stick with beer or wine since that is harder to mess up.
3	This was the start to a day of grazing Las Vegas with our foodie tour guide. I wanted to get some breakfast/brunch and everyone kept mentioning Bouchon. Unfortunately, they did not make it clear if it was the Bistro or the Bakery, so we tried to check out both. I'm not familiar with the Venetian, so thinking that their own workers know where thing are located we asked several people. Out of 4 people that we asked only 1 gave us correct directions. We zigged zagged the hotel until we found the elevator to the Bistro.I wanted a light breakfast, but the prices at the Bouchon Bistro were a bit steep for such a meal. Then we went to check out the Bouchon Bakery, which offered pastries which was not quite what my tummy wanted. Then when all hope was lost and I was ready to give up and just eat at the food court the glowing red lights of the Grand Lux Cafe drew us in.We just missed the breakfast menu so lunch was it. I ordered the Lunch Soup and Salad, which consisted of my choice of Cream of Chicken Soup and a house salad. The soup was creamy with large pieces of chicken, peas, carrots and more. We also got the Chicken Pot Pit, which looked a lot like my Cream of Chicken soup with a crust that was laid on top. The difference with the pot pie and the soup was that it appears as if they grilled the large pieces of chicken found in the pie.
5	i love this place and miss it much in cali.
4	A very eloquent, yet money-savvy venue.Don't feel like blowing big dollars to eat a good meal on the Strip? This will be one of my top recommendations. I came here soon after the Yelp Helps event came to an end. The decor is impressive and compliments the Palazzo Hotel theme quite nicely. There is a TV by the bar, an awesome display of wine collections, and decorations here and there to tease the eye. Don't let the name Cafe fool you! This is a clean, upscale venue.We were seated and received fabulous service from our waiter. He recommended the pasta plate and we went with it, ordering just one plate. The portions are more than generous! For under $20, the pasta fed my partner and I more than enough. Aside from pasta, I know they also have a wide array of salads and burgers, which I will definitely try in the future.The bartender really knows his stuff. I never knew Tokyo Tea or mixed drinks from the bar can taste so good. I'm beginning to understand why some of my friends hate the idea of ordering drinks at nightclubs. Nightclub "bartenders" just does not compare. Now I'm making it a routine for me to pick up a drink at a bar before hitting the clubs.The total tab came out to be about $30 with tip. I will definitely be coming to this venue again in the future.
5	I came here twice this past labor day weekend. The first time was for brunch on Saturday and I was craving breakfast after a long night of drinking. This place was perfect since I was staying at the Palazzo. I got a breakfast brioche sandwich that came with some potato grits. It was huge and delicious! I even  had trouble finishing the sandwich. I highly recommend this sandwich, its only $11. The second time here was on Sunday like around 5am. After a long night of club hopping and partying we had to make a stop here. My friends and I were all starving and some of us were even drunk. This time I ordered the DeLux Drive-In Burger, it came with an order of fries. The burger was tasty and the fries were good. The place was full around this time, I guess its a popular place after being up all night in Vegas. We even started talking to some girls that were sitting next to us... haha! I highly recommend this place for either breakfast or lunch. It is very affordable and you feel like you're dining at a super expensive restaurant. I still need to go back to try their dinner plates. I will be back!!
5	Great place,  great food, friendly people, perfect service. Thanks!
4	The Grand Lux Cafe at the Palazzo is one of our favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  It doesn't get nearly as busy and crowded as the Venetian location.  The smoke from the casino is not nearly as bothersome as compared to the Venetian.  All the food we've tried there are very yummy!  My favorite tapas are the Asian Short Rib Tacos and the BBQ Pork Sliders.  The Grand Lux burger melt and avocado chipotle cheeseburger are delicious!  There are other dishes on the menu that we've had, and we have never been disappointed with any of the choices. Make sure to save room for dessert.  Our favorite is the New Orleans beignets which comes with three different dipping sauces (chocolate, vanilla, and raspberry).  Order the beignets when you give your entree order cause it takes about 30 minutes to make the beignets.They are a bit pricey, but worth it and the staff is usually good also.We will keep coming back here everytime we visit Vegas.
2	I was going to skip on reviewing this place, but it keeps popping up on my front page and the more I think about it, I'm like OK, OK. It deserves some attention.I didn't eat in the main restaurant. We picked up an order to-go since we were just upstairs and did not feel like getting dressed for dinner then having to change to go out. We ordered a pizza (tried to order Hawaiian but they were out of ingredients for a Hawaiian..WHAT? Who runs out of that stuff on a SATURDAY?) and pasta. We thought it'd be enough for 5 girls. It sort of was not...so order more! Pizzas aren't giant and round. They're oval and not enough for my canyon of an appetite. Anyway, they said it'd be ready in about 20 minutes. I went downstairs after 25 to, you know, play it safe. WRONG. I waited another 30-40 minutes after I paid for our order before actually getting it. There were people waiting ahead of me too so they were probably waiting even longer!The food wasn't awful or anything. I think I was severely put off by the fact that I sat there waiting for an eternity when they told us 20 minutes. The food is okay, not SUPER pricey, but I felt a little underwhelmed with the non-giant pizza. (I'm just greedy.) It definitely is convenient if you're staying in the hotel and want take out though. I'll give them some credit there. Next time, I'll probably order elsewhere unless they can guarantee their pick up times.
4	Dined her three times this summer for breakfast, just love this place.   Love the energy, big comfy booths, the omelets are to die for, coffee good too.  Prices for Vegas are reasonable and service has always been spot on!    They do have a breakfast buffee but we never get that, just order from the menu!
4	5 stars for the staff.Packed throughout the day during warmer months. Basically Cheesecake Factory with a shortened dining menu but an extended drink menu (wonder why). Breakfast / Brunch service is highlight of morning options.You do get some of the showbiz locals who still think Cheesecake Factory is something miraculous -- had a short-term General Hospital actress gone internet soap acting go a little diva on us. She clearly wanted the attention, however, as she prominently sat at the end of an aisle booth...in a chair.Manager is nice enough to come by when they are running out of something -- but they should probably prep the servers on this as it was a line used every day we dined there.
4	Not the best I've seen but it was nice .. The Sirvece not great just ok and the prices will u can get more for what you bay here in it other places I know with the same food quality
3	The food here is really good. It is reasonably priced. The service is very slow. It's not that they're moving slow. They're actually moving pretty fast. Everything just took a long time. From bread to water to drinks, etc.Good for a nosh if you're not in a hurry.Upturned face
4	We went last night to the Venetian location and was told that only the Palazzo location offers a great Happy Hour (appetizers & drinks) selections from 4:30-6:30pm, M-F , so we decided to head to the Palazzo instead.This is a great place to spend some time right after leaving the convention and avoid all the traffic, plus it was bigger & quieter too.
3	The only reason I only gave it 3 stars is because the wife and I only stopped by for dessert.We ordered the Molten chocolate cake and coffee. Are you kidding me?????? I know its only a molten chocolate cake, but damn this was one extra tasty molten chocolate cake.It took them about 20 minutes to finally come out with it. Which was a good sign that they did not just heat up a pre made one.It was so warm and a bit crispy served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Your taste buds will moonwalk with joy.As far as dessert goes, this place did not disappoint.
4	This place is terrific.  I agree with the Cheese cake reference.  The service at the bar was OK. One of the TV personalities was in which surprised my wife but we later found she had dropped to the Gentleman's club level.  The Service ws fine and the experience for noon was definitely a keeper. Prices were OK..  I would definitely repeat for lunch.
2	Average brunch fair with runny scrambled eggs, greasy bacon, but a good omelette. Poor and crowded buffet layout. For the price? Ha. You're better off heading down the street to Denny's.
3	This is probably the only decently good quick place to eat at when staying at the palazzo. I've had a couple of things here before on the togo menu; the fettuccini alfredo which taste dry and thick, but the chicken is good if you add it in, could probably feed two people, any of the pizza selections are pretty good, chicken bites are satisfying and will do your stomach some justice before heading out. While dining in, the menu is huge, honestly there is so much to choose from, I kind of see that as a bad thing, makes people take a long ass time to order, but I ordered the Zen noodles which was like thai noodle soup, it was ok, soup was pretty decent, they don't pour all the soup in and leave it in a cup in case you want to poor the rest, it isn't huge, but I didn't expect that it would be.
3	Once a year I find myself at Palazzo, and at some point eat at Grand Lux.  The service is great, and as a whole the food is good, except for my last meal there.  Had the flattened chicken and pot roast combo.  If you can imagine a pack of cigarettes, cut in half, that was the size of the piece of pot roast.  Was it that big, I can't remember now, it was gone so fast, though it was tasty.  Don't order that, order a salad.
3	We trekked our way here after we came from Surrender. After a good night worth of drinking we were all ravenous for FOOD. We waited about 5 minutes to be seated. They told us that they could not accomodate any parties larger than 6. Service was friendly but slow. After waiting a good half hour for our food to come out we requested that our food prepared to go. Nothing spectular about the food you have your regular burger, sandwhiches, and appetizers. Prices are reasonable and orders come with an option of fries, salad or soup. Can't really complain when your starving.
5	One of my faaaaaaaavs!!Their hamburger melt is to fackin' die for..oh mah gahd. Delicious crunchy fries, and good ranch. I'm a ranch fiend..and always love me a good tasting ranch. It's even delicious when it's cold. Haha.
4	Service was nice. Every time I've gone here, I've ordered the Fettuccini Alfredo and I must say that it never disappointed me, esp. when your on a good one. The rare ahi salad was scrumptious. Good for 2-4 people.
4	I ate at both of the locations inside the Venetian and Palazzo - both for breakfast.  Very good breakfast at a price that was more reasonable than I had expected.  the service was fantastic.  I had the buffet one day and ordered off of the menu the next day.  Both times, the food was very good.The atmosphere reminds me of the Cheesecake Factory, but toned down just a bit.
3	HOLY Chicken Parm!!!  This thing is outstanding and HUGE!   We all snagged bites of it when it showed up at the table. I'd go back just to attempt to tackle this thing!We went for appies and drinks before hitting the tables. Our waiter was very nice but kept messing things up.  But we weren't' in a rush so it was no big deal.My friend got the Reuben and didn't like hers. I got the lettuce wraps they were just OK in my book, I didn't even eat half of 'em. Sliders looked pretty good.Drinks were good.  Shots were better.
4	Excellent serviceGood breakfast buffetVery similar to cheesecake factory
5	I was so impressed with the speed, quality and size of my salad. The server and staff were very friendly. When I come back to Vegas I am sure I will come back to the Grand Lux cafe.Smoothie, HUGE Salad and I had to ask for a box to take 85% of my key lime pie home. Still tasted great in hotel room.
4	I always seem to end up here for a past midnight snack. The quality of the food is great and the service is excellent. From the same creators as the cheesecake factory, the grand lux cafe is always my favorite late night stop for a burger or chicken and waffles to help soak up all the free drinks (bonus, the portions are huge so I usually have the chicken for an in room lunch the next afternoon).
4	Great place for inexpensive fine dinner, fresh baked cookies the bomb  don't forget molten chocolate cake and stellar margarita
5	The staff was very attentive and personable.  We ate there twice during our 3 night stay.  It was delicious.  Our party had the 2 BLTs, short ribbed grilled cheese, and slow roasted pork sandwich.  If you love chocolate, you have to order the molten lava cake....mmmmmm!  Prices are very reasonable for Las Vegas.
4	If I'm staying at the Venetian or Palazzo I always end up eating here. Grand Lux comes from the same company as Cheesecake Factory so their food is very similar. There's a variety of different foods to choose from that can satisfy anyone. The food is equally good. Major plus is that food is available from Grand Lux 24/7 so perfect for drunken munchies to take to your room.
4	Great food for a good price.  Good mix of casual yet not to casual.  You can wear jeans or a suit and be just fine.  Menu is HUGE.  I ate here several times and never had a bad meal.  The best ranch dressing I've ever had.
5	This place was surprisingly good!  At first my husband and I were hesitant to go there because we were worried that it might just be another chain restaurant with mediocre food.  We stayed in Vegas for 4 days, and this was by far the best meal we had!  I got the penne alla vodka, and it was delicious.  The pasta was comparable to a lot of Italian places we would go to when we lived in NYC.  The prices are very reasonable too.  I highly recommend trying this place.
4	Went to Grand Lux cafe for breakfast.  Pretty good.  Service was great.  I had the eggs Benedict, was large so I only ate half.  My son said his fried chicken and waffle was delicious.  The hash browns were a little too soggy but other than that I have no complaints.  My waitress even made me some coffee to go!  Overpriced, but all hotel restaurants in Vegas are.
5	My wife and I ate here twice during our most recent trip to Las Vegas.  Yes, this restaurant is very similar to the Cheesecake Factory.  We both loved this restaurant.  If you're looking for a great place with some great food for a great price, you will not be disappointed here.  Like the Cheesecake Factory, there are lots of options for everyone on the menu.  The portion sizes are really good.  You'll get enough food, don't worry.  The free bread was really good.  It was a kind of wheat bread as well as some sourdough.  Loved them both.  Below is a list of what we tried:Penne alla Vodka:  this isn't on the menu but my wife asked for this instead of the gnocchi with vodka sauce.  It was excellent.  One of the best we've had and we've had a lot.  This is one of my wife's favorite pasta dishes and she loved it.Caeser salad:  Excellent as well.  Great portion size.Chicken and Shrimp Jambalaya:  Really good flavor.  I really enjoyed it.Pasta Tropheo (or something like that) with chicken:  Also very very good.  Delicious.During our trip, we ate at several Italian places, and we both though the bread and pasta here were better than those other straight up Italian places.  Sadly, if we were staying closer to the Venetian, we might have eaten here a third time.If you're debating, give it a try.  Also, we never had to wait for a table.
5	Always a stop on our Vegas trip.  Whether it's hang-over fulfillment or a start-your-day breakfast, or even a snack before the night starts all over again... this place is versatile and one-size-fits-all kind of joint.Probably has one of the larger menus with variety compared to other places on the strip and best of all the amazing food is on the affordable side.  Open late, the Grand Lux Cafe makes a great Plan B too if you run out of daylight and still need to get your food fix on.For much less and a much shorter wait, the morning buffet has good stuff...though probably not as much as the Bellagio Buffet.
3	if you like Cheesecake Factory, this is def your spot.  the drinks are ok and the food is ok.
4	While staying at the Venetian, I went to the Grand Lux Cafe for breakfast. I tried the breakfast buffet they had available. It was pretty decent. There were eggs, bacon, sausage, waffles, and various parties and fruits. They also had a omelette station. I ordered an omelette with bacon, ham, sausage, and cheese. Additionally, I loaded up on bacon and pinapple making the buffet worth the price to me without feeling bloated. The price of the buffet also came with a drink of choice.
4	Very yummy food and long waiting line. but it's worth it!
4	I really enjoy eating here.  The prices are very reasonable and the food is good.  I recommend the protein breakfast in the morning.  Very good.  When staying at the Venetian or the Palazzo, I nearly always have breakfast(s) here.  Lunch and dinner meals are nice also.
4	Been there 3 times...had the salmon dish that is cooked 3 ways.  I asked for it medium rare and it was perfect!Delicious and will go there again!
3	Ate here two days after eating at the one at the Venetian. There I was very impressed (I gave them 5 stars), here not so much. The eggs were not very good although the hash browns were good. Service was slow and inattentive.
3	I don't know how I get suckered into the Grand Luxe Cafe, but I do.  It's a decent Vegas coffee shop type place, but more upscale and expensive, I get it.....but the food is always just so/so to me when I dine here.  My most recent visit, we ordered:Sliders, $9.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-lux-cafe-las-vegas-5?select=tdr-BttMxBSqRn3cMQ2yaA#tdr-BttMxBSqRn3cMQ2yaACrispy Caramel Chicken, $16.50http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-lux-cafe-las-vegas-5?select=pKbbf5klpX7hAg9_HY_rwA#pKbbf5klpX7hAg9_HY_rwAThe Sliders were ok, nothing special.  Same for the Crispy Caramel Chicken.  Neither one blew me away and made me want more.The service here is always hit or miss.  They get really busy and the place is huge, so it's easy for you to get lost.  During this visit, I forgot to ask my server for Thousand Island Dressing for the Sliders....it took me a while to find him and flag him down because he was serving tables on the other side of the huge dining room, so it wasn't easy for him to glance over to our table to see us waving at him.  Finally, another server asked what we needed and she helped us out....oye!Return Factor - 60%
3	The goods: Open 24 hours day; you can charge it to your room, pretty big and plenty of items on their menu.The bads: Way too greasySo, apparently these guys are related to the Cheesecake Factory. I had an unfortunate incident on my last CF experience that I was pretty much traumatized for a few days...not really a big deal, but the food at the time was was too buttery for me to handle.Anyways, even though I knew walking in that these guys were related to the CF, it didn't really register in my mind of my past experience so without thinking, I ordered their breakfast sandwich.But reality came to me right away after the first bite since the bread was just soaked in butter. And I was thinking...no no not again. It was way too much butter for me to handle and I just ate everything else except the bread.I had to wash it down with a nice frosty brew since I was sitting at the bar, it made sense for me to have a beer to get myself back to equilibrium.They have two Grand Lux Cafes to choose from here at the Palazzo and Venetian.Note to self: Be careful of greasy foods at the CF.
4	Shopping can be so exhausting at the Palazzo. I know....life is tough.There are a plethora of places to sit down and eat. Actually it is quite overwhelming to pick a place. Something persuaded me to enter the Grand Luxe Cafe.  I was not too thrilled at first because I've been to one at Beverly Center (back home in LA). It was late morning and I had left my friends at the hotel to venture off on my own. With that said I didn't need to wait in line like the rest of the folks, I got seated right away at the counter in the bar area. My server's name was Chris (he remembered me when I visited again the second time a month later). We had a few great conversations and I even chatted with the folks who sat next to me. I love breakfast so I opted for just plain old eggs and toast. Then I wanted orange juice.....just a little kicked up.....got myself a Clementine Crush (Clementine Orange Vodka and Cointreau Shaken with Fresh Orange, Lime, Passion Fruit and Pineapple Juice). Let me tell you, that drink was the perfect way to start my morning at Vegas. It was so freakin' good even my neighbor got the same order. Maybe it's the way Chris makes it....who knows.....but this shit is good. I was a little tipsy so had to stay a little bit longer than I expected, lol.The service is outstanding. The atmosphere is relaxing. And the Clementine Crush is to die for. And yes I came back here again for breakfast a few months later.
3	This is a classy, solid go-to when in Vegas if you happen to be at the Palazzo or Venetian. Here's the tricky part - BOTH properties have a Grand Lux Cafe, so if you are meeting friends, make damn sure you know WHICH one you're meeting at!The food is a tad pricey here, but you are in Las Vegas, so expect that. It's not outrageously expensive; it's just definitely priced according to where it is and the property it is part of.A GREAT tip: This location is by far, the least busy of the two. When there are huge lines at the Venetian location, this one is almost always a walk-in. The portions here are beyond generous; I've had burgers here as well as salads - everything is very tasty and absolutely satisfying.The last time we were here, service started great and then our waitress simply disappeared; to the point of being frustrating. Thus, the three stars instead of four.If you need to take a break from gambling or are looking for a nice spot for dinner before hitting a night club, this is a solid choice; you won't be disappointed.
3	Grand Lux Cafe is great if.....your group doesn't want to eat buffet but can't decide on what type of cuisine - Grand Lux has it all (their menu is insanely extensive)...you don't want to step out of the casino for grub...you want to confuse people (2 Grand Lux Cafe..same name, same appearance, same menu - but there is one in Palazzo, and one in Venetian. Make sure you designate which hotel you are eating at). The one in Venetian is open 24 hrs. Grand Lux Cafe is good, simple and has something for everyone.p.s. I read that they are closing the Grand Lux Cafe in Los Angeles.
4	Grabbing a quick lunch before driving back to the IE.  Chicken jambalaya was tasty, and justices enough. The lunch size portion fills you up but not so much that you fall asleep driving home.Service was good as usual but had to remind the waiter about bread.Warning, the flavored lattes are really sweet.  Stick with a straight latte, espresso, or coffee.4 out of 5 because of the flavored lattes.
5	Everyone makes fun of my boyfriend and I for eating here for every meal while we're in Vegas. Reasons we love it:1. Asian Nachos- most amazing creation known to man2. Open late, so if you're up late drinking or gambling, it's a great place to fulfill a midnight snack/munchie3. Everything on the menu is delicious4. Open for all meals.  Breakfast is great here.5. Something for everyone- every food genre you can think of, many different portion sizes (they have a small bites/tapas menu).6. Affordable and casual. Don't feel like you have to dress up and get all schmoozy for every meal while you're in vegas.  This is a good "normal people" place.  While it's pricier than, say, Chili's, it's good for the portions you get.  Which leads me to....7. Big portionsI'm not joking. Everything really is good here.  Let's talk about the Asian Nachos first.  Big, round wontons with melted cheese, chicken, green onions, PEANUT SAUCE, WASABI CREAM SAUCE, and banging rice.  I dont know wtf they put in it but it's so freaking good.  I dream about Asian Nachos and crave them constantly.  I've forced all of my friends to try them and now they're all just as addicted.For the reset of the food:  All of their soups are delicious, even if they sound boring, each one packs a punch of flavor.  I like ordering a lot of little things off the tapas menu.  Buffalo chicken bites? Hell yes.  Pastas are delicious, my boyfriend loves their pepperoni pizza- they give you tiny, perfectly crispy pepperonis.  Burgers are great.... literally everything is good.  For breakfast I had the chilaquiles and they were awesome.This location in the Palazzo is better than the one in the Venetian because it's less known about and less crowded.The one bad thing I can say is that service can be hit or miss.  I feel like I get bad service more often than good, but I don't care because it's so damn good.
3	The owners and producers of the Cheesecake Factory brings you... Yeah, it's very Cheesecake-esq when you go into this place.  A few of us (three in total) went here for breakfast on a Friday morning and it was pretty packed.  We got seated in 10-15 minutes but the service was pretty slow.  Our waitress didn't come to our table until a long while later and wasn't very good with topping off our waters, bummer.  But the food was very good, their bacon was done well, nice thick cut cooked crisp but yet a little tender.  Then there was the omelet, which my friend loved, eggs were done almost perfectly.  I had the corned beef hash.  This was their homemade corned beef and I think this is the first time that I would probably say this but, I think I would have preferred it if they processed it more.  It was nice but it was too thick and fibrous.  It's not your typical corned beef hash, it's definitely chunkier and more of a mouthful to handle.  It was OK but I would probably have ordered something else next time.  I saw our neighbors and one guy had a massively delicious looking french toast. Either way, it was a very nice atmosphere for breakfast, breakfast was hearty and filling, the food was prepared well but their corned beef hash fell short and their service was lacking for a place like this.  Oh, they also have a "buffet" side of the restaurant because this is Vegas after all...
4	Grand lux cafe!I would say if you are staying in the Palazzo hotel, partied extremely hard, and have the drunk munchies, this place is just a walking distance away. Open 24 hours.Came here first thing that caught my eye was the Grand Lux melt. Not too sure what sauce they put on it but dang, it was delicious. Came here with the girls after Encore Beach Club to get a bite to eat before heading to Marquee. I heard it was a branch from The Cheesecake Factory so I wasn't expecting much from it. (Obviously not a big fan of The Cheesecake Factory. Service was great. Only downside is that it took quite awhile for the food to come out. Will be staying at the Palazzo on the next trip, I'm sure I'll be back.4 Stars for good food + Service.-1 For the extended wait for our food.
4	Breakfast buffet for 16.50 with all regular delicious breakfast item. Good deal and the place is beautiful.
3	Why is it that on every one of my girl's Vegas trips, we always end up eating at Grand Lux?! I mean, the food is just mediocre. There's absolutely nothing on the menu that I 'crave'. I guess it's cheap & convenient. To our surprise, it's not open 24hrs. They open at 6am and closes at either 2 or 3am, depending if it's a weekend. Service is usually pretty good, so I guess that's always a plus.
4	I eat lunch here at least once a month. Sit out in the indoor patio area where it's quieter if you want to actually carry on a conversation or in the bar. The trout and salads are always great. Salads are very large portions, Great fish n chips and crab cakes, too. Staff is usually pretty attentive.
2	We went here for a quick lunch for my friend's Bachelorette. The setting reminds me of Cheesecake factory.We got a large table and I ordered the Corned Beef Hash that isn't necessarily hashed and the hash browns were cold and a little stale. The eggs were done okay and over easy as I asked. My friend ordered the Chicken Parmesan and had to return it because there was a hair in it. My other friends also ordered the Corned Beef Hash but returned it because the meat was not edible. The waiters and waitresses served our food promptly but also forgot our bread that we ordered. The food was less than mediocre and did not satisfy us at all. We walked away paying for overpriced brunch items that could've been found in a run down diner away from the strip.
4	I ate here for breakfast twice while I was staying at the Palazzo. They have two Grand Lux Cafes, one at the Venetian and one at Palazzo. This review is obviously for the Palazzo. The Grand Lux is from the makers of the Cheesecake Factory. The decor, the outfits, even the to-go bag look just like the ones you would see at Cheesecake Factory, except the restaurant name has been changed. Also, the menu is just as big. I ordered the chicken and waffles one day and the scrambled eggs with hash browns on another day. Both were excellent. Waffle was crisp on the outside and nice and soft on the inside. It came with a maple syrup which wasn't too sweet, which is perfect for me. I don't like syrups that overpower the flavor of the waffle. The waffle was also topped with pecans. The chicken was not your ordinary chicken strips, it was very good, white meat chicken strips. Lightly season and breaded on the outside, fried to a crisp and very juicy on the inside. The salty and sweet combination of the chicken and waffles is an amazing combination. For those of you that haven't tried it, you might think it's crazy, and I did too, until you try it. Do yourself a favor and try it!The second day I had scrambled eggs with hash browns, which comes with your choice of toast. The eggs were perfect, not too runny, not too dry. The hash browns were nice and crisp and not too oily. Both the waffle and eggs were pretty big too, very cheesecake-esque and although the meals are a bit pricey, it's a lot of food too. We didn't have to wait more than 5 mins to get seated on either day. Day one was Friday morning at 8:30am, and Saturday was at 10am. The restaurant looks pretty big, so I think that helps alleviate congestion. The also offer an all you can eat buffet for breakfast, but I'm not a big eater in the morning, so I stuck to the menu. I went to breakfast with my brother and he ordered the Continental Breakfast, which is for $8.95 and it comes with a bowl of assorted fruit pieces, a small croissant, 1 muffin and 1 danish. The croissant, muffin and danish look like something you would get at a gas station convenience store and also tasted that way. I would highly recommend that you stay away from the Continental Breakfast. He only chose it because it was free as part of his room rate. He was staying as part of an American Express Fine Hotels and Resort rate. Check out my pictures for prices on each item!
4	This place is always open and always serving the same thing, which is anything that you want to eat. The menu scales down late at night, but the choices are still crazy. I've never really been impressed with the Buffett, but everything ordered off the menu has been tasty and huge. Just keep in mind that this sister restaurant to the Cheesecake Factory is just about as healthy. So, not really.The salmon three ways is my favorite and their cocktails are strong and huge. Oh, and if the Grand Lux at the Palazzo is too busy you can walk over to the other one at the Venetian.
5	Would have rated this 4.5 stars, but I'll give it a 5.My friend and I went in here for lunch, and surprisingly, didn't have to wait for a table at all (12:15pm). We were greeted by a very upbeat waiter, which was very pleasing. There was a 6 minute wait for our drinks, and a 15 minute wait for our food. I ordered the Chicken Angeli (in which the waiter said that it was his favorite), and my friend ordered the pierogies. It was really worth the wait since the food was flawless, and the prices were reasonable.  We didn't order any dessert since we went to ILLY (also in Palazzo) for some affogatos. As for our drinks, we ordered the Berry Fizz, which is 3 types of berries blended with Sprite. It looked good, and it was very tasty. Even two other women sitting at a table next to us saw our drinks and asked us what they were. You'll have to walk through some gambling areas to get to this place, as it is not in the "shopping mall" area. If you want to go to a nice restaurant without spending a fortune, then I highly recommend coming here. Oh, and this restaurant is owned by The Cheesecake Factory.Enjoy!
2	pricey for a breakfast spot, and food was not spectacular.
4	I prefer the Palazzo spot over the Venetian. The staff is much more friendly and service seems to be quicker. The prices are a bit high but the establishment is inside of a five diamond resort so it's expected. Seating can take a while depending on the time of day.
4	The House Favorite Slow Roasted Chicken was really good.  The meat was moist.  It suppose to come with mash potatoes, but the mash potatoes masher machine was broken when I was there, so they waiters allowed us to choose a replacement side.  We got the clam chowder.  Surprisingly, the clam chowder was really good too.  The portions are pretty big for one person, but a good size for two people.  The look and feel of the restaurant is similar to Cheesecake Factory, but the food is way better at Grand Lux Cafe.
4	If you like Cheesecake Factory then you will like Grand Lux....Similar food and same owners. On my most recent Vegas trip my friends and I stayed at Palazzo Hotel. Since Grand Lux was located there it was a convenient place for us to go for some food.I came here for breakfast with my friends. For breakfast they offer a breakfast buffet, which is a pretty good deal and they food is good too.I went here again for some late night grub and their pasta dishes were really good. My friends and I got the Chicken Alfredo and the Pasta with sun dried tomatoes.
4	Here's an interesting fact:  Grand Lux Cafe is owned by The Cheesecake Factory!  This makes sense as the menu is very expansive and they have a large dessert case in the quick serve station up front.The food quality here is very good, I had chicken lettuce wraps and a side salad, both which were very good!  Prices are a little more expensive than Cheesecake Factory, which is understandable considering its resort location.I can't say I'd go out of my way to come here (hence no 5 star) but it is a very plausible option on the north end of the strip.  Careful though, a lot of times there is a wait here.
5	Yep, this became a staple during my last trip to Vegas. We were staying at the Palazzo and couldn't figure out where to eat, so we stopped here after reading the reviews. It's beautiful. It feels like you're walking into a very modern, well designed restaurant with bar. The finishes are great and I expected it to be dressy, but it was casual. Whew, not having a suit didn't ruin me this trip.Our wait staff was all amazing, which really helps. Since I ate here quite a bit, I'm going to review each dish.Smoked Salmon Platter with Tomato ($13.95) Onion, Cream Cheese and a Toasted Bagel. Very tasty. We didn't feel like a huge breakfast, so it was a good size. Maybe not the best value on the menu, but the quality was quite good.Duck Triangles ($4.95) Crispy Wrappers Filled with Minced Duck, Onions, Garlic, Ginger, Soy and Sesame. Amazing. This was wonderful. The duck was perfect as there was enough to get the taste and it melded quite well with the dipping sauce. Must try in my humble opinion. Mini Pizza's ($5.95)Tomato and Fresh Mozzarella: Cherry Tomatoes, Garlic, Mozzarella, Fontina and Parmesan Cheese. A great little pizza. So nice to share with another appetizer or if you're not super hungry, just the right size. Thin crust style that was very tasty and not greasy or oily. Roasted Chicken and Potato:Roasted Garlic, Fresh Rosemary, Mozzarella and Parmesan Cheese. One of my favorite type of pizzas. I don't miss the tomato sauce at all and wow the flavors really pop on this one. Blue Cheese Salad $(9.95) Organic Greens Tossed with Blue Cheese Dressing and Topped with Bacon, Tomato, Croutons and Maytag Blue Cheese Crumbles. Good salad. I liked it but I wanted to try something else. It went really well with the mini pizza though.Chili-Lime Chicken and Mango Salad ($10.95) Grilled Chicken, Sweet Mango, Avocado, Jicama, Sweet Corn, Onions, Cilantro and Romaine, Tossed with Chili-Lime Vinaigrette and Crispy Tortillas.I ended up ordering this salad twice because it was so tasty. It was fresh, the mango added a little citrus, the avocado was creamy, the corn was awesome for adding texture with flavor, and there was a wonderful crunch from the tortillas. Potato Gnocchi with Vodka Sauce ($13.95) Delicious Housemade Gnocchi Tossed in Creamy Vodka Sauce and Fresh Basil. Wow. Wow. It may have been the best Gnocchi I've had. Ever. Amazing texture and consistency that is lacking at most places. The vodka sauce was perfect for this. Paired really well with the previous salad I reviewed.If you want a great place to eat with darn good prices, this is definitely the place.
4	During a recent Vegas trip, I was hungry for breakfast and decided to head over to the Grand Luxe Cafe at the Palazzo to grab a bite.  I was hungry for Waffles, so I knew what I wanted ahead of time.  However, after browsing the menu, I decided to add an order of Beignets as well.  When I think of Beignets, I think of the light, powdered sugar Doughnuts in New Orleans.  I was in for a big surprise when the server brought out the order....Beignets, $7.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-lux-cafe-las-vegas-5?select=k3qwl979nu3K0smXiMGhNg#k3qwl979nu3K0smXiMGhNghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-lux-cafe-las-vegas-5?select=SrtObgQ_8dSJKMBfZopbFA#SrtObgQ_8dSJKMBfZopbFAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-lux-cafe-las-vegas-5?select=Xxth4L2hZfG1WhlCh8yVZw#Xxth4L2hZfG1WhlCh8yVZwBelgian Waffle, $8.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-lux-cafe-las-vegas-5?select=aye9-4Y9ypMy4uSgu5_pFw#aye9-4Y9ypMy4uSgu5_pFwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-lux-cafe-las-vegas-5?select=HxHvL4-uNZryft320GOUmQ#HxHvL4-uNZryft320GOUmQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-lux-cafe-las-vegas-5?select=gIQX6_qfBQv6c7bA0OH6FA#gIQX6_qfBQv6c7bA0OH6FACoffee, $3.95The Beignets is actually a bowl of 10+ Doughnuts that are encrusted with Sugar....they're very good, but heavier and more rich than the type they serve at Cafe du Monde (New Orleans).  After having one of these, I decided to eat my Waffle first, so I could satisfy that urge.  The Waffle was very good.  After that, I was only able to eat 3 more Beignets before I had to cry uncle and give up....it was too much for me to handle by myself....LOL  They were tasty, just too large of a portion.  The Coffee didn't help balance the sweet taste of my breakfast.  It wasn't worth $3.95....it was actually terrible and tasted like Folgers...yuck.  Save your money and buy Coffee elsewhere.Overall, the breakfast was pretty good.  I like it better than lunch and dinner menu items here.....so I'm raising it to 4 Stars from 3 for that.  Next time, I will bring my Wife or a guest to help with the Beignets.Return Factor - 75% (breakfast only)
2	The Grand Lux is the kind of place where you go if you're with a big group and you want to make sure you'll find something that pleases everyone.The problem is that they make a little of everything (Mexican, Italian, Southern chicken n' waffles, etc)...but none of it is amazing.I ordered the enchiladas because I was really craving Mexican, and it was very blah.  The corn tortillas were pretty tasteless, and the filling wasn't all that great.  The table loved the asian style nachos, but it's hard to mess up fried wontons.  My other table-mates ordered the chicken and waffles (the waffles WERE pretty good), some sort of asian-style noodle soup... I can't remember what the other folks got.  Again--I feel like for the price, we didn't get anything all that special.  I'd go here again if I was with another large group in the Palazzo/Venetian, but it wouldn't be my number 1 choice.
3	We ate here for breakfast two mornings while staying at the Palazzo. We had a deal where we were credited for two continental breakfasts with our reservation, so we didn't want to miss out on free food.The first morning we just stuck to the free breakfasts, and threw in a side of bacon. The continental included 3 small pastries and fruit. The pastries were not something I would go back for...it was a mixed bag, some were tasty (mini chocolate croissant), some were not so hot (dry weird bran muffin). Also, the fruit was not really ripe -- especially the melon. Our waitress was super nice though and noticed we didn't eat the fruit so swapped out the unripe melon without us asking.The next day we ventured away from the free continental breakfast since we figured we'd still get a partial credit on our bill. We tried the beignets which were awesome and had four dipping sauces: a bourbon custard and raspberry were especially good. Also they give you a big baket!For our actual meal my husband got corned beef hash and I got a breakfast sandwich. His was very good, especially the corned beef. Mine was okay...nothing exceptional. Both our hash browns were off...I asked for extra extra crispy and they came out barely cooked and pale...his we're very browned but oddly soggy.Also, not sure what is with the coffee but I really didnt care for it. I love strong coffee, and this was strong, but it also tasted like Folgers..So overall there are definitely some tasty items but also some misses. If you love cheesecake factory, you will probably love this...otherwise, it's decent.
4	It was back to the Grand Lux for dinner.  This time, after once again enjoying an abundant order of very good Lettuce Wraps and crusty Sourdough Bread, I tried the soup du jour, Cream of Chicken Soup with Mushrooms, which contained giant chunks of fresh chicken but not many mushrooms.  I did not find it as much to my liking as the Mushroom Barley Soup that I had previously enjoyed here.I almost ordered the Kobe Salisbury Steak for my entree, but ultimately decided to get more adventurous, and try Shaking Beef.  I was not to be disappointed.  Large lean pieces of Beef Tenderloin merged with Red, White, and Green Onions; a mildly spicy clear marinade; and an imposing mound of steamed White Rice to create a very tasty dish.  All elements were hot and delicious.  An individual house-baked Peach Cobbler ala mode provided a sweet ending to another fine meal here.It was a 4-1/2-star dining experience!
4	I heart the Grand Lux whether it's here at the Polazzo or Venetian - the food is yummy and satisfying. The restaurant opens early so I arrived for breakfast on a Friday.  Parking is convenient if you park by the casino elevator and is a near walk to the restaurant. I was seated asap and was greeted by my friendly waitress who brought me hot coffee. The bfast menu is large but I was craving a Mexican entree and went with the huevos rancheros - two eggs over medium, black beans, bell peppers and purple onions over crisp corn tortillas & topped with a zesty green salsa. The entree hit the spot and cured my Mexican food caving.Overall another nice experience at the Grand Lux.
4	This place is elegant and the food was great, very hearty servings and service was prompt.
1	My husband and I heard this restaurant was the Cheesecake Factory's sister restaurant, which is one of our favorite places to eat, and were very excited to eat here. Boy was our thinking way off from the truth! We sat down in the bar area and our booth was right next to a glass wall. You are sitting on the other side of other diners and it was very uncomfortable having them stare at your food and you while you ate. Of course it was hard for us to not look and stare as well. The set up was very poor. We both decided to order the same meal, the lunch portion of pasta telephono and salad. Everyone around us received fresh bread (as we saw everyone next to us through the glass wall) I guess our waitress decided we didn't need it. Our salads arrived and i got the house salad with ranch, which was pretty good. My husband order the caesar salad. It came with whole leaves and spicy caesar dressing, so spicy my husband couldn't even eat it. And who wants to cut their salad with a knife and fork? When we got our pasta it was completely dried out on the top and the pasta sauce was runny. The noodles wouldn't even hold the pasta sauce. In the middle of my husband eating, he immediately said he didn't feel well, went to the bathroom and got sick. For the rest of the day he was so sick to his stomach! This place is awful and the food is really poor quality. If you're looking for an extensive and creative menu you might as well hit the real thing and go to the Cheesecake Factory.
2	i am a big fan of the grand lux cafe but just not this location. the original location in the venetian is much better. It could have been our stupid server who probably just ruined my dining experience here. I ordered a margarita pizza and buffalo chicken with a order of calamari. Me and my friend waited patiently for a while and then our dish came out. I noticed that the pizza looked a bit off because its not supposed to be so damn cheesy. Then we noticed that our appetizer had not come out. we waited and waited till the stupid server came out and asked him where is our appetizer and why the hell was a margarita pizza lacking red sauce? He answered that he thought that i wanted a sauceless pizza. What a damn idiot. If you are not sure about something you should ask your customer dont assume and jack up our order. We asked wheres the appetizer and he said he forgot. The restaurant was barely packed i dont know how this guy forgot our order. I guess this stupid kid should be in the back washing the dishes before he gets promoted to take orders. Ill stick with the original location with better service and more competent waiters.
1	First the hostess with the red bob sucks at her job. I approach your stand and no hi or hello. Next don't tell me you don't have something and then have me look over the menu and come back and say you cant make my substitute but now can make my previous order. Then when someone ask for a substitute don't bring out the food and say btw we don't have it but we assume you would like this instead. Are you a mind reader on top of a server cause that was a shitty prediction.
4	Really enjoyed breakfast here.  Get here early as the line starts snake around into the casino if you get here past 9.In my opinion its not worth ordering anything off the menu.  Practically everything on the menu is on the buffet and you can get as much as you want.  Kids are half off which is awesome and coffee and juice are included.I had a wonderful server, she let me pack up a to go box from the buffet to bring to my kids that were still sleeping in our rooms upstairs.  Service here is great, little touches that I didn't expect, like my napkin getting folded into a nice triangle every time I left for more from the buffet.Well recommended and much more worth the price when I think about how disappointing Wicked Spoon was.
5	A chain, but far better than Cheesecake Factory. I wish they had one closer to me in NoVA. You can never go wrong with the chicken and avocado salad and the potato spring rolls. Yum. :)
3	Its really a 3.75 out of 5 kind of place but that's not an option. This is really a simple review: If you are in the kind of mood that you don't know what you want but are starving, or if you are with a group of indecisive people who are being complicated, come here! There is something for everyone, great service and the food is really good. Order a whole bunch of apps and drinks and go crazy! A step up from the cheesecake factory (its sister) and a step below the high end restaurants on the strip.
4	4 1/2 stars.Came here for breakfast, so this review is based on breakfast only. My friend kept telling me how their beignets were out of this world so I just had to stop by and check it out. There are 2 Grand Lux cafe's at the Palazzo so make sure to come to this because the other one does not have beignets._Strawberry Belgian Waffles, were amazing and great in size. Surprisingly it's hard to find a good Belgian waffle. Either its too dense, flaky, mushy, whatever it may be this place had it down! perfect amount of crisp and nice and soft inside. The strawberries were fresh as well._Lox and Cream cheese, I was surprised at how fresh the smoked salmon were. The bagel and cream cheese topped with salmon, red onions and cucumber was just the perfect bite. MMMMM sounds good right now!_Fresh Garden Omelette. Was big in portion and just what I had in mind. I asked for egg whites instead. Comes with toast and hash browns. All the vegetables were cooked well and a good ratio as well._Beignets..... H.E.A.V.E.N! everything I thought it would be and more. Comes in 8 which is more than enough. Good size and so warm. You must eat it right when it comes out. It tastes best warm, as soon as it gets cooler it does not taste the same. Still great but not as good as the beginning. My first bite was orgasmic! comes with 4 sides, syrup, ground cinnamon, condensed milk, and strawberry jam I think. I just kept dipping and eating I did not realize I had eaten 6! had a bit of a stomach ache but it was damn worth it!! I like it dipped with the condensed milk, or the jam with cinnamon! the beignets itself was so moist, fluffy and light you don't even need the sauces. Carb and sugar overload but one of the best breakfasts I've had. Their coffee was actually quite good as well.
5	We have had breakfast there two mornings in a row.  Service has been great and food delicious!!!  Best hotel breakfast I have ever had!
5	They were very accommodating to our large group, fantastic meal, fantastic drinks.
4	They have a location at both Venetian and Palazzo.The one at Venetian is open 24/7 but the Palazzo kitchen closes at 2AM.I ordered food to go twice this past weekend.You order from the cafe next door and wait about 15 minutes for your food.I got the chopped salad and spaghetti with meatballs.Huge portions!It's the sister company to Cheesecake Factory so the decor inside the restaurant and the range of dishes are very similar.I've also dined in before and it's a great place for large parties.They have everything! Salads, soups, sandwiches, pastas, steaks, meatloaf... anything your heart desires!
3	This is the second Grand Lux I've been to in Vegas, which is a little funny because I never really go to the one in L.A.  I guess it makes sense if you think about it - so many of the restaurants in Vegas require some major spending, and it's hard to justify eating out like a baller for every meal.  Besides, sometimes you just want to get a simple lunch where you can walk down in normal clothes with a hangover clear on your face.  L.A. has lots of options for that; the Palazzo has Grand Lux.I came here for just such a lunch with seven of my girlfriends during my bachelorette weekend.  We arrived around two o'clock and got seated right away.  Service was pretty slow, considering, but it was polite enough, and we weren't in a terrible hurry.  The interior - eh, I won't bother describing it.  If you're looking to eat at Grand Lux, chances are you've been to a Cheesecake Factory.  Same idea.I shared a Sonoma salad with Melissa K., my maid of honor.  Decent salad, big enough to share, with crispy greens, grilled chicken, avocado, bacon, fresh corn, sweet dates, golden raisins, onions, goat cheese, and glazed walnuts.  We got the hazelnut-mustard vinaigrette on the side.  I swapped a bit with June K. who ordered the seared rare ahi tuna salad.  This one came with romaine, radicchio, frisee, and avocado, tossed with a vinaigrette and piled high with seared ahi.  The tuna was pretty good.  If I come back to Grand Lux I might go for that one next time.Lunch was nice and light, which was good - the rest of the itinerary included pool time, dinner, and club time, during which I would have to wear both a swimsuit and a dress I needed help getting into.  Grand Lux Cafe wasn't the most eventful part of the weekend, but it was a serviceable restaurant.  I'm glad it was an available option.
5	GREAT restaurant! My friends and I went for brunch at the one at the Venetian and loved it so much that we went to dinner again on the same day at the one at the Palazzo!The brunch is very reasonably priced. I think I had the breakfast sandwich and it was only around $10For dinner my three friends and I ordered from the "Big Small Plates" menu and boy were we stuffed (plus we all had leftovers)! All three of our dishes were recommended by our friendly server. I ordered the Salmon with the pea puree and veggies (delicious). One of my friends ordered the steak with fried brussel sprouts and let me tell you, THIS STOLE THE NIGHT! OMG this hits my top 5 in fried foods. Basically they peeled the leaves of the brussel sprouts and fried them, simple as that, but it was surprising very delicious! I would highly recommend ordering these! My other friend ordered the dish with gnocchi and loved it as well. Our server was an older lady and was so nice! She was like a mom to us when she came over and was worried as to why we didn't finish our meals (but it was because we were stuffed, not that we didn't like the food!)Drinks: I ordered the pineapple cocktail recommended by our waitress and it was sooo delicious! Would definitely recommend it!
4	Read  the reviews and we were looking for somewhere for dinner so we decided to give it a try. It did not disappoint.We went at about 6:30 on a Sunday night and were immediately seated.  The menu is very reminiscent of Cheesecake Factory in it's size Anne variety. Among the family we ordered three pasta dishes, fish and chips, and fried chicken. We also had the calamari appetizer which comes with fried shrimp, onions, and zucchini (the latter only nominally, buy if I am ordering calamari I would rather they skimp on the zucchini than the calamari). It was really tasty and the portion was large enough that my family of five was all able to get a decent portion.Back to the main courses, I had the fried chicken, which is usually what you will find me ordering if I is on a menu. The seasoning appears to be a simple  salt and pepper base, and it was done to perfection. Crispy on the outside, moist in the inside, not too much batter, and good flavor. It was half of a chicken with the breast deboned but the other pieces bone in. Mashed potatoes were reminiscent of CF.All of the rest of the family loved their dishes as well. The only problem is that we didn't have a refrigerator at our hotel so we couldn't take our leftovers!
4	Every time I come to the Grand Lux Cafe, I always order the same thing: the Grand Lux Burger Melt.  It's full of grease, cheese, meat, and I LOVE IT.  The burger melt is extremely cheesy with cheese not only inside the burger, but also melted onto the bread.  There's usually a wait during lunchtime and dinnertime, but we try to stagger our meals when in Vegas to avoid the crowds.We arrived at around 3:00PM on a Thursday, and although we were seated immediately, it took a while to receive our food.  The food is worth the wait.  The fries were crispy, the burger was delicious, and the side of ranch had a little spicy kick to it.  Their strawberry lemonade is the bees knees (especially in the 105 degree, hot, dry, Vegas weather).Our waitress was attentive, and refilled our drinks before they were empty.  I've always been familiar with the Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian, however the Palazzo's cafe was equally as good in both service and quality of food.  Will definitely visit again!
2	This place is way over priced for what you get, but the food is decent. I have had better at many other places in and out of Vegas. The breakfast is way too overpriced to even attempt to get something. I ordered a bagel and cream cheese and that was $4.50!! Get over yourself Palazzo, you are supposed to be a high class establishment, but the service we had in the morning was terrible. She was a middle aged blonde, who just was overwhelmed and not polite. We had a large party and had spent A LOT of money this weekend. The service we had in the private room for dinner was much better and friendly, she should take some tips from them on how to act.I give the higher rating for the night service only. The veggie burger was the worse thing I've had in a long time. The salad was disappointing and Thai rolls were not great. I wouldn't go back! I would say the decor and ambiance is nice especially in the private room.
4	When it's 100 degrees outside and you've been at the pool all day, the last thing you want to do is go down the strip and look for delicious food. Luckily, I stayed at the Venetian and Grand Lux was in the hotel. I've been here many times and I'm always happy with the food I get here, ESPECIALLY after a Vegas night (you guys know what I'm talking about). One of the best things about Grand Lux is that they serve breakfast at night, so anytime you're craving that omelette or hash browns late at night, this is the place to go. The food is a bit pricey (though everything in Vegas is pricey... unless you're a girl, then almost everything is free!), but the quality of the food makes up for it. They also have a lunch happy hour type menu where everything is around $10 or less, which lasts from the afternoon until dinner time. It's also good to note that the food is similar to Cheesecake Factory because the owner of Cheesecake Factory created Grand Lux as well. If you like Cheesecake Factory, or you're craving some late breakfast foods, Grand Lux is the place to go.
5	I always enjoy coming hereBig portions and for a cheap price! I ordered the Grand Delux sandwich. Without ham and bacon, though since I am a vegetarian.The sandwich is on Brioche bread very thick bread! Inside: Scrambled egg (perfectly formed), fresh yummy tomatoes, and havarti cheese. A must have. It comes with hash browns on the side. I was craving breakfast during lunch time, and this did the job!!!!!
2	Let see: Slow service, subpar tasting food and a waiter hovering around our table pretty much sums it up. Never will go here again. Ordered the Belgian waffle (doughy and came with a pecan syrup that tasted like nothing and was watery. The eggs were ok. Hard to mess that up.The hash browns were solidWhat irked me was the waiter who was slowly cleaning up our table while our group was working out the bill, peeking over to see our tip. The service was slower than average, considering we had to wait over 30 min for our food. I might had well have gone back there and cooked my own da** waffle
4	You cannot stay in Palazzo or Venetian without going to this place!I'd give this 4.5 stars if I could.The workers are just fantastic, I've been here a couple of times and no matter what time I go, they're always nice and helpful.I've had the Avocado-Chipotle cheeseburger, Grand Club sandwich, Filet Mignon, and Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo... All of them we're delicious! I also like their breakfast buffet although I prefer Wynn's breakfast buffet.But the real reason why I love this place is because of two things:COOKIES AND BEIGNETSHoly mother of flavor explosion in your mouth!Get these desserts. I don't care if I'm on a diet, I WILL GET THESE desserts because they are worthy enough to break the rules.Oh, and also Palazzo is only open til a certain time while Venetian's is open 24 hrs! Just a little fact that could save you time if you're near the areas.
5	This is our favorite hotel cafe by far. Actually we do not consider this a cafe at all. It's not your typical cafe menu. The menu is huge and has something for everyone. We live in Vegas, and when we can't decide what to eat we go to Grand Lux. At the Palazzo only...it's just better than the Venetian. Everyhting is great...our favorites include the brie wontons, pot roast fries, Asian short rib tacos, all the salads, especially the manhattan & cobb. The burgers are great, kobe meatballs are fantastic! Truth is, I can't imagine anything not being good. When our family visits they beg us to take us there. Service is always great and Jeremy wrote Happy Birthday to my husband in strawberry syrup on our warm butter cake dessert! Oh and yes they are owned by the Cheesecake Factory, but that does not mean they are anything alike...as a matter of fact, we strongly dislike the Cheesecake Factory and can't recall having a decent meal there--ever. The food & presentation here at Grand Lux far surpasses the food at Cheesecake Factory.
5	Grand Lux has been a go-to spot in Las Vegas for years, maybe even since I turned 21 and started going to Vegas. Ever since the new nightclubs and new hotels were built on the other end of the strip (Aria, Cosmopolitan, Vdara, Hakkassan, Marquee) I haven't had a chance to hang out in the Venetian or Palazzo. For almost two years I skipped out on eating at Grand Lux and went to Wicked Spoon or Secret Pizza in the Cosmopolitan.Last week I came into Vegas to celebrate my best friend's birthday. We decided to revisit Grand Lux. I ordered two of the mini meals and enjoyed the warm bread as we waited. The service was as great as it was before, and the food was as great as it was before. I even tweeted "Grand Lux I will never cheat on you with a wicked spoon." If you're ever in Vegas I highly recommend spending breakfast, lunch, and dinner here.
4	Sure, I you have an array of high-end restaurants here in the Palazzo-Venetian Hotel complex, but for a reasonable price and a varied selection of food, this is the place.  The trick was to save room for the made-to-order beignets--what a treat.
5	This place is great. They hosted my wedding reception lunch of about 46 people. Rich, the coordinator, was great in helping me set everything up. On my wedding day his staff proceeded to make it a great experience. We got seated right away. The room was nice and the service was top notch. The food came out quick and all of it was top notch. I hope to be back as a couple soon. Thank you for everything!
3	Our breakfast spot on this side of Strip. I'm not a buffet person, but this one is ok. If staying at the Palazzo, it's quick and you can be out the door in no time.
2	Food was good but our waitress was horrible. She messed up the order (what is so hard about eggs and toast). It also took almost 15 minutes to get water and an orange juice! There are too many places in Vegas to get a good meal at and therefore, I think I will keep walking by the Grand Lux next time I in the area.
5	Came here for a late night snack after a cirque du soleil show. Our server, Gina, was a great and personable hostess. She even gave us traveling advice on the quickest way to get back to our hotel. The food was great, especially the bread pudding and white chocolate macadamia cheesecke.
4	You know that problem you have when you go to Cheesecake Factory and you simply cannot decide what you want because everything looks good?  Multiply that by five when you come to Grand Lux Cafe.  Literally, the menu is a Cheesecake Factory menu on steroids.It's always great to have choices, but I was literally looking at the menu for 10 minutes because I just wanted to eat everything on the menu!  American, European, Asian food is laid out to bare.  After finally deciding that it was probably a good idea to not bomb myself to death since I was going to Marquee later that night, I settled on the shaking beef and caramel chicken combo platter with some roast beef cheese fries.  Beef was cooked very well, chicken was tasty.  The quality of the ingredients was top notch, you know you're getting freshness here.  Typical large Cheesecake Factory portions.  Obviously not the cheapest, but it's no more expensive than a regular Cheesecake Factory and it's about on par with affordable Las Vegas Strip dining.Just like Cheesecake Factory, if you want to have a good meal and not feel ripped off, Grand Lux is definitely the spot to go.  Whether I'd come here for the sole purpose of eating here is another matter, since I only came because I was staying at Palazzo.  But if I had to placate everyone in a party, I'd probably take this.
2	Not fully sold on a different version of the cheesecake factory.  Food came out cold and then dry because i think they just threw it under heat lamps to warm it back up.  Im disappointed just because i was expecting a bit more with the restaurant based of how busy it is every time i walk by.  I figured they must be busy because they are good but apparently its just the strip foot traffic.  Management just gave me a disgusted look when i informed them that our food came out cold and was not good when it came out. I left more then half my plate and he acted like  we were trying to get out of our bill.  Debating on if i would ever return, I have friends that actually enjoyed this place so debatable at best. Oh well we live and learn.
4	If you want a filling and enjoyable meal in Vegas but aren't quite sure what you want, come here and you'll find something to like. Their menu is huge and quite varied. I had the spicy carnitas sandwich (shredded roast pork with avocado, cilantro, black beans, onion, and a freshly made red chili sauce sort of like salsa on ciabatta bread). I wasn't sure what to expect due to the varied menu but this tasted like something out of an excellent Tex Mex restaurant and the chili sauce had the right spices and flavor. It comes with fries but after several days of Vegas eating I figured a salad might be a good idea so I subbed a side salad w their vinegar dressing at no charge. I also tried the fried pickles which were okay but nothing special and I'd probably skip them next time.Service was friendly and I'll come back here to try more of their menu. It's the perfect place for a good meal when you don't want five star Vegas prices.
4	Driving to vegas, you can definitely expect traffic.  We had dinner reservations at 7:00 and there is a grace period of only 5 minutes.We ran there and got there at 7:04pm!  We asked the hostess if our reservation was still available and she said yes!  We were so excited we made it on time, yet after that, we had to wait because I heard the hostess mumbled to another girl that "She totally forgot" about our group -__-.  How do you forget if people made reservations?  We had to wait about 5 minutes and was then seated.  Our waiters were attentive with our group of 8 people.  This is a higher end than Cheesecake Factory and beware, when you look at the menu, it is massive which will make you very indecisive!!  I wasn't too hungry so I ordered the Tomato and Fresh Mozzarella Cherry Tomatoes, Garlic, Mozzarella, Fontina and Parmesan Cheeses. This was only $5.95.  I asked if they could add basil on it as well and they were kind enough to do that and it was the perfect size for little me!Seafood Salad Lump Crab, Shrimp, Avocado, Tomato, Corn, Green Beans, Egg, Celery and Green Onion Over a Bed of Crisp Romaine Tossed with Our "Louis" Dressing.  I had some of my friends salad and this was super refreshing and filling!Potato Gnocchi with Vodka Sauce Simply Delicious Housemade Gnocchi Tossed in Our Creamy Vodka Sauce and Fresh Basil.  Omg this was delicious....after a few bites!  I recommend ordering this but please SHARE with all the people at your table!  It can get kind of sickening after a few bites because it is so rich!!Asian Pear Martini Absolut Vanilia Vodka, Pear, Passion Fruit and Sake. Great martini if you want something refreshing and sweet!  A little pricey though...about $13.Overall, great place to eat with a  variety of choices!!  NOTE:-Opened late for all you drunkies ;)-5 minute grace period if you happen to be a tad late
4	Came here for a quick casual lunch before leaving for the airport to go home. We were going to come here for lunch the day prior but our group was too big and the wait was forever. But on this day, there was only 3 survivors so we got a table right away. This place is owned by the same owners of Cheesecake Factory. That gives you the general description, price, atmosphere, of the place. We got there in time for breakfast foods which they serve til 11am. I shared the Belgian waffles with strawberry with a side of scrambled eggs. My friend got the chillaquilles which were AMAZING. I've never had them before, and I'm not sure how they taste like anywhere else. But they were really good at this place! It's like tortilla chips topped with eggs, salsa, avocado, cheese, beans, etc. It was really good. The server we had was great. Very friendly, talkative, and quick. However, I have one tip for the hostess stand. Apparently, the lead host takes your name and how many people in your party and finds a table on the POS system and probably because it's such a big restaurant and there are many hostesses who seat guests and the lead host doesn't have the time to stand there and wait for an actual host to come up and verbally tell them where to seat the guests, they print out a receipt thing that tells the hostess where to seat the guests. This is fine but every time she printed it out, she put it on the counter that stands between the guests and herself. So many of the guests, reach for the ticket. And she has to tell each one "no this is not for you" / "this is for the hostess" etc and she looked irritated each time she said it. So maybe putting it somewhere where the guests don't reach for it would make sense..
4	4 1/2 stars. I came in for breakfast since I know how consistent this place is. Park in the underground parking next to the casino elevator for easy access to this Grand Lux.I arrived later then normal for bfast and there was a line 8 deep during the week. I passed on the buffet and selected the ham and eggs. The ham steak was yummy and contained just the right amount of fat on the outside of the steak to give it an awesome flavor. The potatoes, scrambled eggs and English muffin were all excellent also.My waitress was friendly and attentive and must say - I've never had a negative experience at the Grand Lux Cafe.
4	Kobe meatballs on polenta...it was really good, however, there was barely any polenta. It was like I got the very last little bit they made.  They weren't busy when we were there, but service was very slow. My friend had southern fried chicken (& added Mac & cheese). It looked really good-she loved it.  My other friend had a burger-was slightly better than "good" & the other friend had a salad that was fresh and just right...
3	I didn't get to try their lunch/dinner menu so I don't think I got the full experience of Grand Lux. :/ Just an a-okay experience for me but I'll update my review after I get the chance to eat lunch/dinner menu next time.+Open bright and early at 6AM and open til 3am on Fri & Sat. Always nice to have place to soothe your drunchie cravings or early breakfast cravings!+They serve breakfast buffet for $17! If you're not particular about your dish and want to satisfy your cravings for eggs, hasbhrown, sausages, pancakes, fruits, and all the breakfast essentials then the breakfast buffet is worth your money.-I didn't want to spend big bucks on breakfast buffet so I opted for chilaquiles. The chilaquiles was not authentic (should have known). It tasted good in it's own way but definitely steered away from what I was hoping. :/-They are super strict on the breakfast hour operations. I really wanted to try their pasta dishes that was on their lunch/dinner menu but if you're dining before 11AM, it is strictly brunch menu only. boo.My friend to go-ed pasta from Grand Lux during our trip and it smelled and looked amazing so I definitely want to give it another try when I'm in vegas again!
5	We routinely stay at the Venetian and have eaten at the Grand Lux at both casinos.  We have always enjoyed our meals there.  We often order the short rib sliders and potato spring rolls as entrees.  The chopped beef steak and kobe burger are great.  We tried the breakfast buffet and were very pleasantly surprised.  There is not a huge selection but what was there was excellent.  Choices include made to order omelets.  The weekend brunch is more elaborate but probably costs more than the $17.95 per person we paid.
5	Really good coffee - try the Honey Vanilla Latte. Yum! Angel, the barista, was an absolute delight. She took very good care of my business partner and me.
1	It was hard for me to be ok with eating at what is essentially Cheesecake Factory. It's commercial and not great and the menu is full of too many options that are usually just ok, as it often is when you generalize instead of specialize. That being said, we needed food and we needed it ASAP. We ordered the steak and eggs breakfast with wheat toast and crispy hash browns, the avocado chipotle burger, a side of fruit, 2 coffees, and 2 spicy bloody Mary's. Turned out that our order was a serious case of the good, the bad, and the ugly.The good: the steak was decent, not too much fat, and decently medium rare. The bloody Mary's are delicious- the pickled asparagus was a great surprise for flavor. French fries were decent. Eggs were perfectly scrambled.The bad: we ordered our burger medium well. It came medium rare. I don't mind, but my boyfriend hates how it makes the bun soggy. The ugly: it took an insane amount of time to get our food and our drinks. The hash browns had to be sent back because they were soggy. The most amazing was how hard it was to get wheat toast. We had to send our toast back THREE times, no joke. We got sourdough twice and then white. What the hell?For the price, this was a massive pain in the ass. Never again.**update: both boyfriend and I got sick three hours later. Definitely from the food. Never going back, for sure.
1	Somewhere between Denny's and the Cheesecake Factory, with huge, greasy portions, and every cuisine under the sun being represented at it's absolute blandest.The menu is 12 pages long, single spaced size 10 font.  It's just a mess. BBQ, Thai, Italian, Nachos... But everything is so boring.The food is food. But it is a total waste of a meal.
1	Man this place was just awful.  Our waitress was fine and did a good job, but the food was terrible.The bread they served was rock hard.  Pretty much inedible.  Then the entree came.  I ordered fried chicken & waffles.  The waffle was also rock hard.  Normally I'd just soak it in the syrup to soften it, but the syrup had a thick, off-putting skin on the top of it.  Finally, the chicken was not fried chicken, but rather a few chicken fingers.edit:  I forgot about the butter.  It was a stick of regular butter, straight from a fridge.  It was completely unspreadable.  Pretty much everything about this place was poorly executed.
4	Asian tacos for happy hour. great bargain!
3	This was the last of the three lunch dates that the No1DP and I had on our most recent Vegas trip. We wanted to have a meal but not have the meal overshadow what we were going to have for dinner, so we opted for classic comfort food without going to a fancy schmancy place that offered a lunch menu or a restaurant owned by a celebrity chef, which is a lot of restaurants around the Venetian/Palazzo area.I had a feeling that the wait times were going to be long come lunch hour so around 11:45 I claimed my table for two, which took around ~5 minutes. This ended up being a good decision because when the No1DP left workshops to meet me for lunch around 12:10, the line was out the restaurant.No1DP and I sat in a table that was so small it could barely fit ourselves and our drinks, plates and silverware much less what we ordered. As there was another pair sitting to the right of the waitstaff couldn't put any extra food there (to the left was the main walkway and kitchen area) and we wondered how they were going to manage our orders once they were ready.No1DP had a beer while I had these morning cocktails.Strawberry Bellini ($10.95): Fresh Strawberries, Champagne and Triple Sec. The fresh strawberries were the star of this cocktail. Strawberries were still sweet enough to eat afterwards. The Grand Mimosa ($10.95): With Mumm Napa, Grand Marnier and Fresh Orange Juice. I've had better mimosas for cheaper, balance between champagne and OJ was a bit off.We had the following dishes a la carte.Seared Rare Ahi Tuna Salad ($16.95): romaine, radicchio, frisee and avocado tossed in vinaigrette. We were warned about how big these salads were - when the dish came out we thought the salad could serve 3! There were plenty of greens and ahi on that plate. Vinaigrette was tart and light. Ahi was lightly salted and quite soft though a little more firm than sashimi ahi. As we were eating our salad the plates containing the two other orders were brought forth but the waiter noticed that since we had no room on our table he promptly brought the dishes back to the kitchen. As we finished the ahi the waiter passed us by without checking up on us to see if we were finished nor asked us if we would like our other entrees next. It wasn't until we prompted him about ~15 minutes later to take away our salad plate to make room for the other dishes. New Orleans Shrimp Saute ($14.95): shrimp, tomatoes, roasted peppers and cajun spices, all simmered in a delicious tasso sauce, served with steamed white rice and grilled bread. The best dish of the three, sauce was buttery, smokey and a bit spicy. Long grained rice suited this dish well as it absorbed the sauce, as did the thin and crunchy bread. Housemade Pierogies ($13.95): potato dumplings with slow roasted short rib, mushrooms and onion. garnished with green onion and sour cream. Both of us had pierogies before and we both agreed that this dish more resembled a gyoza than a pierogi. Pierogis can be heavy but are not supposed to be deep fried and heavy as this. As we were already stuffed by the previous dish we struggled to eat even one "pierogi". Supposedly they are more known for their breakfasts so I'll have to check that out one day but I'll explore other options for lunch and dinner.
5	This is our 3rd time here and experience is consistent. Fast seating,  ordering and delivery.   Price is fair and good food selection.  I was not that unary so ordered the Crispy Thai Rolls and Chicken Lettuce Wraps appetizers and they were delicious.  Portion is big and thought I can finish the but I did.  Will definitely come back.
3	Came here because my brother and sister said I needed to come here for breakfast. We didn't make it for breakfast (quite bummed out), instead we got here around 1pm so we had to order from the lunch/dinner menu. We ended up ordering what we could from the breakfast menu. I ordered the Delux Breakfast Sandwich and my bf ordered Chicken & Waffle. They both tasted great but nothing like having a mouth orgasm. The company is owned by Cheesecake Factory so their menu, as you can guess, just has way too many options. The setting inside is a bit weird with the 2 seater. It's very close to the edge with the seat and table at weird angle so we switched to a table that seated 4. The service was okay, not much service. Nothing to brag about. I would like to come back during breakfast to see what the hype is.
1	Bad pricey food. Had wings and fries and a tea. Ended up spending $25. The wings were gross and the fries were really below average.I would have given 2 stars if I had paid $15 but even then the food would just not be close to what I'd expect from a restaurant serving wings and fries. The service is good but that doesn't make up for the bad quality of the food.
4	If you are a fan of the Cheesecake Factory, you should definitely check out the Grand Lux Cafe when you are at the Palazzo or the Venetian. I came here for dinner with my parents last week. My parents don't eat beef or pork, so it was kind of difficult to find restaurants on the Strip that had more than one or two good non-beef-or-pork options. Luckily, the Grand Lux Cafe has a plethora of dishes of all sorts. The menu here has to be the longest I've ever seen. As someone who is not a picky eater, I normally hate long menus, but I was grateful for it in this case, because my parents could finally choose a dish they really wanted. If you have a large party of people with different dietary requirements or cuisine  preferences, I would highly recommend this place.Our server was great. My mom ordered the jambalaya, and the server made sure that the chefs made it without the ham. She was also attentive and knowledgeable about the menu.The food was quite good. I had the crispy caramel chicken. The caramel sauce was a good balance of sweetness and spiciness, and all of the vegetables were fresh and cooked well. The portions are gigantic though! I have a healthy appetite, yet I was only able to eat about 3/5 of my meal. Unless you are really hungry, I would recommend sharing an entree with someone.While looking at the menu, we saw that Grand Lux Cafe offers made-to-order desserts (which you order at the same time of your main dishes), so we decided to try the peach cobbler. While the cobbler was really good (not too sweet, lots of peach), it wasn't quite as spectacular as I thought it would be. However, I'm from Texas so I have pretty high standards for cobbler. Overall, we all enjoyed our food here. I think the value you get is good compared to most of the other restaurants on the Strip too.
3	Good food, Decent service, kind of a depressing ambiance.  I give it 3 stars overall.3 stars because I've been to the Grand Lux Cafe at Venetian (as opposed to this one, at Palazzo), and enjoyed it much more.  It was much more lively and inviting.  The one here at Palazzo made it feel like it was in a dark forgotten corner of the Casino, which I did not enjoy at all.  Also this may probably be my own fault, but having been seated at a booth made it just feel like a cheap diner.  I got the salmon, which was actually quite delightful, but the entire experience was kind of just bogged down by the rest of the environment.  I love cheesecake (which is the lesser GLC) and I love Grand Lux at the Venetian, but I most likely won't be coming back to this one at Palazzo again.
4	Third time since 2009 and always leave full and happy. Even the bleu cheese salad leaves you wanting more because it's so good.
4	My hubby and I went here and ordered the buffalo chicken balls app, chicken parmesan, turkey and brie wrap and skillet mac and cheese (ok).  The portions are large for the price.  Its Vegas lol.  We also ordered breakfast one morning from our room at the Palazzo (check my review), and picked it up.  We had caramel pancakes and a omelet.  Very scrumptious food.  They have a limited menu for late night after party snackin as well.  As you can tell we enjoyed it. I like it better than Cheesecake Factory, their sister restaurant.  One star lost for price...I know...its Vegas!
5	The day before Christmas 2013, @ the Palazzo in Las Vegas.Back at the Grand  Lux Cafe for lunch before driving home.  Ordered the lunch size, chicken pot pie.  This is one of my all time favorite items.The service was good, with the waiter bringing us bread without us having to remind him.  The bread was warm, with a crunchy crust but soft and fluffy inside.As always the food is very tasty and quite filling. even the lunch size chicken pot pie. The crust was flaky, the filling had large chunks of chicken, peas, carrots, potatoes, and mushrooms.Will have too spend some time in the casino to digest before the drive home.5 stars.
5	We went here past midnight on 12/25/2013. We were just waling around tired, confused, and hungry inside the Palazzo. The Grand Lux Cafe was one of the first signs we saw while walking in the casinos, so we decided to just go for it foregoing checking out yelp reviews because, at that point, we just needed to eat!First, regarding the staff service... Even working that late (or early?) and on Christmas day, the staff were really nice and accommodating. The service here was really good.Trivia: While waiting for our orders, I noticed a lady having a carry-out and the restaurant's to-go bag looked awfully very much the same as the Cheesecake Factory! So, after some googling, I got to find out that the Grand Lux Cafe is created by the founder of the Cheesecake.So, for our food, we really enjoyed it and the servings are huge! My mom ordered the Garlic Shrimp pasta ($19.50). It was really good! It has lots of shrimp, heirloom tomatoes, and some veggies.. I forgot what it was but it was good! I think I ate at least a third of her dish. Hehe.I ordered the Grilled Steak sandwich ($13.95), and you can choose your side of salad or fries. The steak was really savory and tender. The sandwich also has heirloom tomatoes, caramelized onions, white cheddar cheese, horseradish sauce and lots of yummy nutty arugula on a toasted artisan roll. Sooooo good!My brothers both had chicken and waffles ($13.50). I didn't get to try it but their plates were all wiped out clean so I guess they really liked it too. Hehe. My brothers also had orange juice, which came on quite a small wine glass. There was no price for the OJ on the menu, but we didn't bother to ask since we didn't think it's gonna be more than $3. The bill came and that small glass of OJ came out to be $5.95! Wow, that was almost half the price of my awesome sandwich! I wished they just had water since it was my turn to pay. Hmpf!Overall, the dining experience here was good and relaxed. I would come back again if I am in the Palazzo and get tired and lost after playing from all the slot machines outside to help make me feel better! :)
2	The fried calamari were pretty  pedestrian. The pasta with clams was ultra salty and impossible to eat. The pasta with asparagus didn't have any asparagus in it (well, only hard unchewable endings that you cannot even bite).We complained to the manager about our poor experience. He was not too friendly, but to his credit he took the two pastas off the bill (hence +1 star).UPDATE: I have a suggestion to the chef. If you wish to learn how to cook mussels properly, you might consider doing an internship at Bouchon in the nearby Venetian hotel. And to learn how to prepare asparagus, consider an internship at Julian Serrano at the  Cosmopolitan. I'm sure there are many other places too :)
4	I really like it here, primarily because with Grand Lux's expansive menu of comfort food items and fine consistent cooking, each visit can be a different dining exploration.  On my latest foray, I enjoyed the magnificently sour complimentary Sourdough Bread with slathered butter before starting in earnest with lovely colorful and toothsome Seared Rare Ahi, that came with seasoned Bean Sprouts, Pickled Cucumbers, carrots, and Sichuan Sauce.  And, Diane's Pot Roast-Cheese Fries with Gravy featured melt-in-your-mouth beefy strands of Pot Roast and great brown Pot Roast Gravy, along with Mild Cheddar Cheese, ladled over tasty French Fries, for a rather unique appetizer.Shaking Beef with Green and Red Onions and a warm Lemongrass-like sauce included tender pieces of Beef Tenderloin prepared medium rare at my request.  Mixed with a large mound of Steamed White Rice it was quite delectable!  Meanwhile, Diane enjoyed her Gnocchi covered with customized Alfredo Sauce.Service was topnotch throughout the meal, and being seated in a comfortable booth with hard driving music playing in the background provided a nice ambiance for our late night dinner.Once again xxxx-1/2 stars overall!
3	We at at the Grand Lux Cafe for dinner on Saturday 12/28.The restaurant was fairly busy but we were sat right away.We ordered two mojitos - as a person who loves to drink and make mojitos at home these mojitos were just ok. They definitely were not worth the price which was 12 bucks a piece. I think they were way to heavy on the simple syrup heavy and not enough lime or club soda. And please tell me why this drink costs 12 bucks - it should be half that. The did serve complementary warm bread which was very good.For the entrees I had the Southwestern Salad and it was just fantastic. I liked  everything about it. It was chopped style so everything was cubed or rectangular shaped :). The salad dressing was fantastic. There was one item that I am not sure was supposed to be in the salad. I feel like either jacima or apple slices were put in it and that was not on the ingredients but it was delicious and I shared with my hubby and we ate every last bite of it. For our entries the hubby had the Wood Grilled B.B.Q. Burger with french fries. The burger was really big, and he liked it but he wasn't raving about it. I think he wished he ordered something different because when I asked him if he liked his dinner he said it was good but mine was REALLY good.The service was good.
4	Found this place in the Palazzo when we were looking for a place close by Wynn that wasn't too expensive and yet not food court food.Originally ordered the Maui Rib Eye ($28), but it came out well-done instead of medium rare... Non-edible.  Since they were going to make a new one, I opted for the regular Rib Eye Steak. The Maui Rib Eye was too sweet for me, and took away all the meat flavors. The flavor of the regular Rib Eye was just perfect. I opted for a side of Asparagus instead of a baked potato.Great service! The waitress took one look at my well-done steak and offered to bring me one that was prepared right.
5	This is a very nice place. I love it here. They have great foods and the desserts are out of sight. I had the creme brulee and it was great! Great service and nice seating. The atmosphere is great. I would suggest you try it for yourself. You will not be disappointed.
5	Came to this place breakfast and I hadn't had pancakes that fluffy in a while. The scrambled eggs were Delicious and their jams, honey and syrup supplier is great! Tea awesome too! great location
4	Almost crusted fish with mashed potatoes was excellent. Rib eye ok. Reasonable prices and huge portions
4	I ate here one night while staying at Palazzo. We had a cobb salad with the warm butter cake dessert. Both were very good and inexpensive by Vegas standards.While we waited (we ordered to-go) the bartender made a pear martini for us which was amazing.
4	Grand Lux Cafe has a very cheesy name and suffers from a Cheesecake Factory type menu. However, they do not suffer the curse of "so many options - nothing most be good". Grand Lux prevails with sensational services - my group in fact dined at two locations during our stay- due to the positive experience- both Palazzo and Venetian. Both times we received diligent and personable service. Happy hour drink and app specials are worth visiting for. A number of cocktails go from $12 to $5 during happy hour. Drinks were stout. We sampled menu items from mega dinosaur sized salads to fall off the bone baby back ribs. Consistent and tasty options that doesn't suffer from the gratuitous inflated prices of most restaurants in hotels in Vegas
5	Lots of gluten free options, even though they were very busy, service was still good.
4	One of the better veggie burgers I've had. Service was good. Prices reasonable.
2	Medicore for breakfast. The buffet was pretty pathetic looking, especially considering this is Vegas, land of the endless buffets with all you can eat lobster and pancakes (yes together and yes it's weird). I've seen better breakfast buffets in LA. We decided to just order. My fiance ordered an omelette and I ordered cereal. It took forever to get our food and when it arrived it wasn't anything special. Almost everything on the breakfast menu seemed heavy. The only reason we ate here was because we had the breakfast credit from American Express, but honestly, next time I'd rather pay for breakfast and go somewhere decent.
5	I love this place! I'm from the Los Angeles area and unfortunately our location closed.. So everytime I'm in Vegas, I have to come here! I also prefer this location over the Venetian location because the desserts are different! If you ask me, the palazzo one is the better of the two. The food is good! Relatively close to the Cheesecake Factory (& they have the same owner) and a little bit more upscale. Also, the DESSERTS! My all time favorite dessert is at the grand lux cafe! It's the molten lava cake! Now, I've tried molten lava cakes nearly everywhere and nowhere does it as good as the grand lux cafe. It's the most richest, chocolate-iest, most delicious dessert! It has soft and gooey but has a bit of a chewy crunch to the outside. They also are very generous with the fudge! It literally will lava it's way out once you take the first bite! And to top it off, served a la mode! I wish they would bring back the Los Angeles location!
4	Great menu,  really enjoyed this place!  Would definitely return next time I'm in Vegas
4	Pretty much Cheesecake Factory re-branded for the Venetian/Palazzo.The Grand Lux is an expansive restaurant decked out in marble and usually a go-to option for most people staying here. The food here is standard American fare with a couple of unique dishes. Portions are pretty big and there is usually something for everyone. The Grand Lux has plenty of seating and I've rarely seen it to be busy.The menu is huge featuring a wide array of salads, sandwiches, and unique entrees from a variety of cuisines. Alot of dishes (of course the desserts) are ported over from Cheesecake Factory and bumped up a little on the price. I don't really mind CF so Grand Lux is fine with me but there are a lot better places at either resort.
3	I guess I haven't been to a grand luxe in over 3-4 years cuz my favorite dish isn't on the menu anymore! I was raving to my friends how good this place is and how the short rib sloppy joes were to die for! Our waitress said that they did not have it on the menu, nor could they make it off the menu! I did see a grilled cheese short rib sammy and wondered how different it could be. I wasn't curious enough to try, so I ended up ordered the next familiar thing: indochine chicken and shrimp! it was yummy and came with brown rice. I highly recommend the asian nachos. I had little expectations and was surprised by the flavors! They give large servings as well, and ended up taking half of my food home.
3	Cheesecake factory's sister.Things you need to know:- open 24hrs (and you can order pretty much the entire menu at all hours).- SLOW SERVICE- moderately priced (entrees in the $12-30 range)- CONVENIENT
4	I really enjoyed this location... go to the Palazzo one - it's better. I never expected to find an affordable place in Vegas with huge portion sizes... but I found it here. Went here after a friend told us all about his good experience. We went with a group of 4. We had great service too. I got the shrimp and pasta dish ($23 I think). It had 6-8 giant shrimp plus a huge mound of pasta and we asked for some sauce on the side. It was just HUGE for the price (earlier in the day I paid $5 for a crappy hot dog somewhere else so this dish and price was thrilling). At our table someone got a big sandwich and another got a nice looking steak dish. Everyone enjoyed their meals and took some of it home. If I'm in the area again, I'll definitely go here again and I'd suggest you give it a try.
4	Enjoyed out BBQ ribs, tender and fell off the bone.  The sides coleslaw and amazing corn bread were an added plus.  So good we returned for breakfast.
4	Grand Lux Cafe is my GO TO restaurant. Perhaps it's because I visit Venetian/Palazzo more than any hotel/casino.My visits are quick and painless. There are MANY tasty, consistant menu items. The Grand Lux Cafe is similar to, and associated with the Cheesecake Factory.There are 2 Grand Lux restaurants on the Venetian/Palazzo property. The Palazzo Grand Lux tends to be less busy and crowded than the Venetian.
4	First time to the Grand Lux and just like its sister company, Cheescake Factory, it was good. We were seated quickly and the menu was robust. Service was top notch and quick. I have no complaints with the service as it was timely.
3	The upside of having an insanely large menu is that there exists a choice of smaller bites. On this particular occasion, my friend was having dinner, and I just wished to have a small bite. I had the duck wontons, and they were a nice snack, without the typical huge price tag of a restaurant on the strip. I can see the appeal of this place, for sure.
5	Nice place to have breakfast.  Everything (eggs, steak, hash browns) were perfectly prepared & yummy.  French toast (which the server said they sell out of.  Why not make more then???) was VERY good.  Server was nice, but food took a while to get to us, as well as getting check paid took long.  I would come back, though.
4	One of my favorite places to go to when visiting Las Vegas. I like going here late night for a great burger or the Buffalo Chicken sandwich which is a delight. The service has always been good and the taste is good too. They are open 24/7 so you can enjoy them anytime... The breakfast buffet is nothing special so you are better off just ordering an item from the menu in my opinion
4	Being so close to the other Grand Lux in the Venetian, I was surprised they built this one too.  But I'm really ok with it.  One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  The choices are extensive and the quality of the food is quite good.  I haven't had a bad meal yet.  The combination plates are fabulous and way to much to eat, as with most of their meals.  Make room for the Red Velvet Cake, the best desert ever.
5	The Grand Luxe Cafe in the Palazzo is so awesome that I almost don't even want to review it because I don't want to spread the word so it can become overcrowded! I don't think too many people have realized them or how awesome they are, based on the small crowd that was there while we were there.First of all, it's a nice little place. It is a classy looking joint (although they definitely feature a large TV for sports). I found this place on the internet before embarking on our Vegas vacation and knew I wanted to eat there. We enjoyed it so much the first time, we went back for more! It is a best kept secret...They have the most amazing Happy Hour I have ever seen. They have a ton of $5-$7 appetizers and drinks. The first time we purchased a total of 5 appetizers & 4 high end drinks for about $50.My husband loved their fried buffalo things (I guess I should look up the actual name). He ordered them more than once. We ordered their macaroni skillet twice. We tried several different things and all were delicious. I definitely recommend only ordering the spinach dip if more than one person wants it! I was the only who wanted it and it was far too much for one but delicious. As far as drinks go, I am a super fan of their raspberry cosmopolitan. I often check menus for those now based on this experience. Their staff is also beyond polite. Super nice guys & very accommodating! I will return to this place during every stay I have in Vegas.
4	Peach Bellini Cocktail is absolutely delicious!  I was very happy for it but it didn't have much alcohol in it, FYI.Asian Short Rib Tacos (corn tortillas, grilled marinated short rib, kim chi & spicy chili aioli - Must be one of the best I've ever had.  Soft tortilla had a crispiness to it & all the flavors complimented each other very well.  Meat was well marinated & can't go wrong w/ kim chi.Sunday Night Pasta (slow-simmered meat sauce w/ chunks of beef short rib, steak, mushrooms, onions, garlic & parmesan cheese, over spaghetti - It was a HUGE plate. I didn't even eat close to half of it.  It was good but I didn't realize how much meat it was going to have & I just really wasn't in the mood for meat.  Meat were tender & great though.Wood Grilled B.B.Q. Burger (crisp applewood smoked bacon, cheddar cheese, onion rings, pickles & BBQ. sauce - The meat patty was huge & juicy!  It was good stuff! Although I like my burgers w/ more flavor.  This one definitely had to get dunked into more sauce.  Could be better but the patty is a winner.Servers & runners were all very nice & helpful.
3	Since Grand Luxe closed its doors in Los Angeles, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to come here while visiting Las Vegas. I have no complaints with the food or service. The only reason why I could give 4 or 5 stars was the fact that I noticed something lumpy in my salad dressing. Didn't request bleu cheese dressing so i knew it wasnt a clump of cheese. So I took it out and couldn't decipher what it was. It was brown and soft and about the size of a walnut. The first image that popped in my head was it looked like a waterbug (very gross). Instantly I lost my appetite. I called my server and brought it to his attention. He took the dressing. The manager came by and was very apologetic. He said it was a heirloom tomato. I was relieved to know that it was something edible (well a waterbug may be a delicatessen in another country) in the dressing. However, I wasn't hungry at that point, so I got it boxed to go. The bill came and noticed the manager took the salad off of the bill.Other than the "surprise" in my salad dressing, I still enjoyed the food and the service.
4	Omg... the absolute BEST waffles I have ever had.   Crisp. ..tender In the inside.   A lil maple syrup and it melts In your mouth.   Craving for it already
4	So despite what you might think many of the restaurants in Vegas aren't 24/7. One night during our stay in Vegas hubby and I were going on a wild goose chase for some late food. We walked around in a circle looking for an open restaurant only to end up being saved by this place which we originally passed by. They are located inside of the Venetian hotel situated by the casino. The place itself is small compared to it's NY location inside of Roosevelt Field Mall which I've been to. Luckily it was very late so we  didn't have a wait to eat. I had the potato gnocchi with vodka sauce. I'll be honest with you I did like it and I really enjoyed it but I didn't write anything down so I don't really remember much to give an accurate description of the taste except that it was delicious. If you are by the Venetian in Vegas the Grand Lux is worth eating in.
4	This is a nice place to come for a meal.  I gave it four stars because it still feels like a big, well executed chain, like Cheesecake Factory (its owners), and the menu is so big that there are apparently several very average things you can order.  I was able to order well by reading previous reviews, so here are the menu items i experienced (below).  It is big, opulent, and modern, with mildly attentive service.Asian Nachos: 5 stars, my favorite part of the meal.  Peanut ginger glaze, fried wontons, wasabi cream and mozzarella.  Full of delicious flavor, we nearly licked the plate.Short Rib Grilled Cheese: 4 stars, moist meat with horseradish cream sauce.  The bread was toasted pretty crispy, the cheese was good.  Included was a house salad; the blue cheese dressing I ordered was good.Turkey Sandwich: 3 stars, my friend got it and the thick baguette it was served on was too thick and too toasted, making it hard to bite into.
5	Thus place does a amazing job! Food is great! Fair price! I would highly recommend and there open really late!
4	This is a good place to get breakfast food any time of day for a reasonable price. The cocktails were also very tasty. I had a couple sparkling Spanish roses and my husband had some bloody Mary's. For breakfast I had the deluxe breakfast sandwich and my husband had the corned beef hash and eggs. The portions were huge and the food delicious! I would definitely recommend.
3	The food here is really good. They're partners with the Cheesecake Factory so the quality is great. The Thai fried chicken was really good as well as the gnocchi. However the service was horrible. The manager was rude and she have my friend attitude when his rare steak came out medium and it took forever to come out in the first place. Then when we refired the steak, it came out cold and unsafe to eat and she didn't even care. The food was really good but the service was horrible.
2	Came here for the first time since they closed down the branch in LA and this is not a restaurant I'll miss.  We came for brunch and while they have a decent spread but this is just another upscale chain restaurant.  The service was hit or miss. It started off great but once we got our food we had to keep asking to get refills, to add another order and for the bill.  I think this would have been at least a 3-4 star restaurant if I ordered something else.  Both my friend and I got the corned beef hash which we did not like.  We both had the same complaint that the meat was dry so and with a bit of potatoes mixed in.  The dish was just so off balance with the lack of potatoes.  Both of our eggs were also overcooked.  The hash browns were decent.The best part of my meal was the OJ which for the price they charge it better be good.
4	Great quality breakfast. The wait for your food to be served takes a lil while but pretty well worth it.
5	I'm staying at Palazzo and want an American breakfast.  Eggs, hash browns and bacon.  Grand Lux offers it.  $12.50 & large enough to share some with my wife.  They have a breakfast buffet but I just order this one from the menu. OJ is fresh.  We have eaten breakfast there nearly every morning.  No wait before 8. Short wait at 9.
5	Ever since my friend and I tried this place years ago we made it a tradition to eat here each time we're in Vegas.Everything here is really delicious. There is no substitute for flavor.My friend and I always order the Pasta Telefono.  We just love it so much, and I never like ordering pastas at restaurant because in my opinion, they're always mediocre. I gave their pasta a try just because my friend wanted to split it with me, and to my surprise it was delicious!  I don't know if it's the pasta itself, or the sauce on it, it's just delicious! And if you save it for later to eat, it just gets even better because the pasta absorbs all the sauce lol.  I really like it a lot. Love their bread pudding as well, it's a must! Very dreamy!
5	Lunch Salmon piccatta with lemon butter all the way. Best value for money and so delicious!
5	simply AMAZING.  great food at excellent prices.  we had a $100 food credit, and we ordered a ton and only made it to $85.  our server was patient and fast.  went last Friday around 4pm and it wasn't too crowded.  we ordered 3 apps, sliders, quesadilla, and brie wontons.  all were very good.  for entrees, I got a small salad and their rustic cheese pizza.  YUM!  my dad got some Kobe beef thing, which he loved.  my hubby got chicken pot pie, which was HUGE and very good.  we will be back, if we are in the Palazzo again.
3	Went for lunch.  Slow service, ordered the Cuban. The bread was so hard it could not be eaten.  It is not a "Cuban". There was no pressed bread, the meat was so dry it was like beef jersey.  Also it had a really hot relish.  This is just a mislabeled Menu item as it was not anything similar to a Cuban sandwich.  Decor reminded me of Cheesecake Factory.  Tea was good.
3	My review is based on just one visit. So, the 3 stars is based on the two dishes I ordered. With that being said, I'll be back here when I make it out here to Vegas again. It's a pretty large menu, and there's a lot more for me to try :)Wait time was not long at all, though we had a party of 7. Service in the beginning was ok. We waited quite a while to get waters and the menu. But after our order was taken, everything was smooth sailing from there. Our waiter checked up on us quite often and didn't take long when we requested for things. I ordered the clam chowder. It was really good. I didn't have to add salt or pepper or crackers either. It was so creamy and thick, and perfect for a hang over. Well, it worked for me ;p The second dish I ordered was the Kobe meatballs. Comes with two. They were HUGE! As it being Kobe beef, my expectations were high. But, the meatballs did fall short. They were good, but could've been better. The meat could have used more seasoning. The marinara sauce that came with it was ok (kind of tasted like spaghetti sauce from a jar) and the cheese melted on top of the meatballs lacked taste. The portion was quite large, though. It's perfect for sharing!
4	Consistently great food & huge portion that great for sharing!  They have the best home made blue cheese dressing.  The only negative is the breakfast buffet - they use that skinny, fake bacon (microwave bacon?)
4	Had brunch here on a Saturday morning. They only serve breakfast till 11am, but still have a breakfast section for after 11.    Obviously on weekends there can be a bit of a wait, so go knowing you'll have to stand in line for a few minutes.     Everyone at the table liked there food. I really liked my egg white omelette. The food was hot and had great flavor. The wait staff seemed very busy so getting a top off of my coffee took a bit.     All and all I would say this is a great affordable place to have breakfast or lunch while staying at the Palazzo.
4	During our stay at The Palazzo we went to The Grand Luxe Cafe many times. It is a great spot for any meal. I think it is owned by the same people who own The Cheesecake Factory because the decor and the vibe of the restaurant reminded me so much of that restaurant. The atmosphere was very luxurious with marble or granite counter tops and bars...very nice.  The menu was huge with a lot of different items. They even had a late night menu because the restaurant was open 24 hours a day.The food was so good and it wasn't overly expensive for a Las Vegas restaurant. The wait was not very long as it is a huge restaurant. The wait staff was decent and was very knowledgeable about menu items. During our breakfast, the waitress had suggested the banana pecan pancakes with the home made caramel syrup. I am so happy that I ordered them because it was amazing. The pancakes were fluffy and fresh. My friend ordered the Red Velvet pancakes and felt sick when he was finished because they were so decadent....but he loved it! I suggest The Grand Lux Cafe for large groups or families who are looking for a delicious meal that isn't too expensive. So many options to chose from, everyone will be pleased.
5	The menu is huge, but I have loves just about everything I have ordered.   I prefer the Palazzo location over the Venetian.  Since they are just a hop, skip and a jump away from each other take the time and go to the Palazzo.  The Asian nachos are surprisingly fantastic.  If you have children with you be sure to order the res velvet chocolate chip pancakes with cream cheese frosting.  YUM!
5	Yum yum yummy! Great variety on their menu something for everyone, you want it they most likely have it. Ive been hearing for years about Grand Lux Cafe here in L.A.,after years & years at the Beverly Center it just closed i thought i had missed out, i didnt know it was a chain restaurant. We went here with just a bit over an hour to eat, we were going to a show. So we didnt have alot of time to totally enjoy the place but our time there was good. It was about 6:30pm so the dinner crowd was there not packed but getting there, we got a table right away.The decor was beautiful. The hostess & our waitress were both professional & attentive. Since we were pressed for time we ordered 3 medium plates from the menu. We nibbled on the bread basket while we waited for our meal which didnt take long at all. All 3 meals were perfectly cooked & just the right size portion. We had a great meal and made it to our 8:00 show on time. Next visit we will make sure and have plenty of time the dessert menu looked scrumptious.
1	I can't understand how this place could be considered good by anyone. I at the chicken lettuce wraps and was sick a couple ours later. Bad ambiance, unhealthy choices, trans fat and more!
5	Exactly what we were looking for at the Palazzo-Venetian.  It's probably the only dine-in restaurant in the resort with an extensive menu of comfort foods, with reasonable prices to match.  This place is essentially a Cheesecake Factory.  From what we were told, the Palazzo wanted to build a Cheesecake Factory but they had a non-compete agreement with the Mirage.  So they just changed the name to Grand Lux Cafe.  But it is pretty much the same food and concept.  The menu is extensive and has something for every taste.  The all-inclusive breakfast ($12.99) was the best deal, and was how I started my day everyday.  I'm typically not overwhelmed by breakfast, but the breakfast at Grand Lux was the best I've ever had.  They also have great sandwiches and burgers.  I'd consider myself to be a burger aficionado and theirs was right up there with the best.  If you're looking for a great meal, at very reasonable prices, this is where you should go.  It's a very casual and comfortable restaurant, and a refreshing change from the over-priced restaurants that surround it.
4	My brother loves this place. The Cheesecake Factory owns this place. It's smaller in size than Venetian location. You get better service and a table than Venetian. They serve breakfast, lunch till 5 p.m., dinner, late night dining. They make tasty pasta, salads, pizza, and appetizers.  On Sunday, they serve brunch omelette, waffles, fruit, pastries, etc. I highly recommend chicken Parmesan w/ spaghetti. The servers are good on refills.
1	DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME COMING HERE. Decided at about 1130pm that some late night eats would do the trick to top off our fun evening. We looked up reviews and even skipped a bunch of places on the strip in search of a good sit down meal and walked here all the way from The Cosmo with high hopes...let's just say those hopes were shot down, kicked, and stomped on. Violently. The fact that they have good reviews is baffling. I admit it was after some drinks, but I actually wish I was more drunk so that I didn't notice the terrible food and service. The front hostesses were helpful in seating us, but it was in a darker corner away from any foot traffic of servers, and it wasn't even that busy...mind you, there were only two of us. Our server, Jesus Jimenez took awhile to greet us and took even longer to take our orders. I don't eat meat so when I asked him if there were any other options besides the fish and chips and pricey salads he just responded, "no". I wasn't looking for a gourmet option, but at least show some empathy. Little do I know, that would be the least of our problems. Right when we were going to get up and leave he finally came without any apologies. Like, can I get some bread or something to hold us over? Nada. Fine, just give us our food. 30 minutes later I had wish we did ask for bread. When the food came, it was a poor excuse of jambalaya that looked like a college kid had made it and questionable ahi tuna that I probably should not have ingested, but we were so hungry at that point, we ate it anyway. After the meal, it took another 30 minutes for someone to check on us, so by that time we just wanted our bill and get the hell out of there. Just when we thought we were free of the terrible service, there was more. Our server informed us as we were handing over our card to pay that the system was down and that we needed to go to the ATM. Why would you wait until after all the waiting to tell us this?! The temptation of dining and ditching sounded so amazing at that point, but I was too sober to get myself to do it- probably due to the adrenalin and anger of our horrible dining experience.So, if you're looking for somewhere to go for some late night eats, go somewhere else. You're better off grabbing some Earl of Sandwich and calling it a night. The service is terrible and the food is worse...unless you're looking for somewhere to sober up immediately, then this is the place to go.
4	My gf and I returned to Las Vegas Cafe for our second trip. We had eaten here once before and enjoyed the meal. This trip we ate here 3 times because we found that the restaurant really lives up to its guidelines of fresh ingredients, extensive menu, and good prices.The restaurant is very large, seats up to 728 people, but is divided into 3 areas: street cafe, bar area and main dining room, and the main dining room has a high ceiling, but is well designed so not truly "noisy". They do designate non-smoking areas, which seems to help. It is owned and run by the Cheesecake Factory, but is elegant in its design. Although I have not been to the Cheesecake Factory, it is my understanding that the menu is rather different than that of the Factory.It is located on the same floor as the casino in the Venetian and is open 24/7. There is a breakfast menu, lunch dinner menu, and late night menu, the latter which, for obvious reasons, is smaller than the main menu, but still quite good.The portions are substantial, so we were able to order one salad and one entree and split them and feel adequately fed. The ingredients were extremely fresh and flavors were understated.I consider this restaurant a true gem of a find in Las Vegas.
1	Sorry, but not sorry... food service was VERY slow. Took about 20 min to get our food from time of ordering. Quality was just ok... 2.5/3 stars. But when you're starving, as we were, the time factor was a big deal!
4	The food here is terrific and the portions are always extremely generous. I like the small plates and tapas that they offer. Otherwise sharing an entree is always a great option. The heirloom tomato and avocado salad is the best! My only reason for not giving five stars is that the food ALWAYS takes 20 minutes or longer every time that I have dined there. Food should never take that long. It's usually between 20-30 minutes no matter how busy they may be. If you have the time, try it!
4	I was pretty satisfied with the food. I got the turkey and brie sandwich--bread was nice and crispy, and loved the mix of turkey, cranberry, brie, and arugula. They could've skimped less on the brie though.... Love me some cheese... The fries were ok. They had good flavor but were on the soggy side. Filling meal, good flavors, B+ overall.
2	Decent food, and decent service.  After staying at the palazzo, and eating here 3x during our stay, we noticed a consistent lengthy wait time to get food after ordering... Each time taking well over 50 minutes to an hour. I could understand food taking that long during busy hours... But even when its not busy?! Even the server kept apologizing for the wait... So 2 stars for her and decent food.Why should it take 50 minutes to cook eggs?
5	We had dinner there tonight and it was great!! We have three picky kids and going to buffets is even difficult for us. grand lux cafe has become our favorite place! Thank u to the server Adrien and the manager Tony Garcia made our nite. The place offers great food, great customer service and even little toys for the kids! Can't get that at the buffets. Thanks so much!
2	This review is for breakfast only. I ordered the basic eggs, hash browns, bacon and toast breakfast which was pretty lame overall. The eggs were slightly undercooked and completely flavorless. The hash browns were burnt and dry and way too heavy on the pepper seasoning they used. The bacon was good and was the only good part of the meal. My server was good, but since was the only one working the service was very slow.
4	This restaurant is owned by the Cheesecake Factory, as you can see in some of the decor and plates/silverware.It was a good place to go after a show, since we could not eat at LAVO Italian Restaurant at the Venitian.  Too bad for them, huh?The wife and I both enjoyed our meal and we did not have to wait long for service or the food.Good times and we would go back for sure!
5	You have to order the beignets...they are made fresh when you order so it takes some time before you actually get it. We usually order it first and then get it for dessert. Yummy!
1	I'm so sad that I have to update my review to a horrible one. I recently went to Vegas and came here since it is my go to. Unfortunately, I had horrible service every time I came here. Since I am a loyal Grand Lux customer, each time something bad happened I decided to give them another shot and yet was let down time and time again. I had several problems with service where my server was not attentive multiple times, mistakes in food ordered, and most importantly dirty utensils. I picked up my glass of water and the whole glass was completely sticky, I sat on a seat full of salt, and my utensils looked used. My food came out incorrectly a couple of times but when you order "over easy eggs" please make sure they're runny... my eggs were unfortunately completely hard. It's sad seeing this place go down the drain. I wasn't even here during a busy weekend, and was visiting during the middle of the week. Unfortunately, I'm not completely sure if I would come back here during my next Vegas visit.
3	Came here to grab some coffee and a cookie before heading over to the Panda show that's right next to this cafe.   We came here today on July 4th around 7pm and this cafe was quite busy.   It took nearly 20 min before we got our regular coffee.   This is something that should've taken no longer than 5 minutes but there were only 2 people working at the time.   They did their best to work as fast as they possible can but there were too many customers and we were getting frustrated.   Our show was going to start at 7:30pm and we were very worried because it took forever to get our drinks.   I noticed customers yelling and showing their frustration to the cashier and the lady making the drinks.   These customers also had a show to catch and service was unacceptably slow.   I couldn't believe why management didn't have more people working here on a holiday weekend.   Both the coffee and chocolate chip cookie was delicious.   I liked how the cookie was soft and had bits of walnut with just the right amount of chocolate chips.   5 stars for my order.   5 stars and two thumbs up to the two people working there tonight.   0 stars to the Grand Lux management!
3	It feels like you're eating in a slightly-less overrated Cheesecake Factory.  Huge menu, no standouts, nothing bad either.  We have tried a few different dishes and really, I don't think you can go wrong (or be very impressed, either).  Three stars is a pretty accurate description.
3	Decent breakfast in Palazzo hotel if you're looking for something cheaper than the buffets.  Had the corned beef hash with eggs and it was a good-sized portion.  Saw someone get the fried chicken and waffles and it looked massive!  They also have a buffet option as well but I wanted to try something off the menu.
4	Having stayed at the Palazzo, and after a few nights out late at XS and Marquee, being able to come back to the resort, and having the Grand Lux Cafe open at 6am was a god-send. I think the only bad thing is that it closes from 2am-6am daily, but for me, heading back to my room each morning around 6am, it was perfect.I am well aware they have the $18.95 breakfast buffet, but as far as myself, none of the food on their buffet appeals to me, and so both the mornings I decided to get a late night cap, I went for the Chicken & Waffles combo one morning, and the next morning I went for the Caramel Banana-Nut French Toast.I am from LA, so I am spoiled by the original Roscoe's as far as Chicken & Waffles. I prefer my chicken with bone, not boneless tenders; and that's what you get here at the Grand Lux Cafe-- Chicken tenders & Waffles. Granted, at 6am, after a long night of drinking and partying, anything warm/hot will do you good, but like I said, I was expecting an actual piece of chicken breast and a wing, or something of the sort. The chicken was alright, and the waffle was great. The second time I visited the Grand Lux, I ordered the Caramel Banana-Nut French Toast. Man, I don't know their toast recipe, but boy was it finger lickin' good! The portions, as has been mentioned on here, are HUGE! So huge that I wasn't able to finish either of the breakfast items I ordered, but especially not the French Toast. This is some super large and thick toast, not like your home-made variety. I must say, the toast, with the caramel and the nuts made this by far one of the best meals I had in my five day trip to Las Vegas.This was my first time staying at the Palazzo, and thus the first time I ever bothered with the Grand Lux. I've already booked at the Palazzo again for September, and already know what I'll be ordering when I'm back!
5	This cafe was super convenient since it was right in the hotel! The staff was friendly and I called in for my order. I ordered the lobster asparagus omlet and the red velvet cupcakes. Very good choices and they came with a bagel and hash browns. The lobster and asparagus omlet was amazing! It was the perfect amount of food and the lobster was so soft and the asparagus was a great balance! They chopped the asparagus too so it wasn't like huge pieces to be cut. The red velvet pancakes were the best idea ever! They weren't too sweet and had chocolate chips in them! It was great and it seemed like they had their own recipe for the maple syrup too, it wasn't too sweet. Overall a good experience. Yes it's costly, but that has nothing to do with a review. I would say that they just need fresher fruits. I ordered the berries and some of them were old and smushed, one had some mold I think.
4	This place is me and my wife's go to spot for late night food when we stay at Palazzo. We usually order a burger and fries to go. We've had the calamari as well, which is really good too. This place reminds me of Cheesecake Factory with the decorations inside the restaurant. We used to be able to order garlic fries at night but lately they say they don't have it. But for the most part this food is really good when you've been out drinking late and craving food as this place is probably one of few food places close by that's open late.
3	I had to update my review after my lunch break yesterday. The food is still great but our service was horrible!! She kept forgetting to bring accompaniments that we had asked for with our food. She would never stop back at the table to check to make sure everything was okay either. When we finally had been waiting for ten minutes with our empty plates in front of us, she came over. I explained that we were already late to go back to work and needed our check right away. Mind you that we were late because we were always waiting on her to show up. When we gave her our payment, we watched her drop it next to a register and then go to another two tables to refill drinks and check on them. So clearly we were late getting back to work and got the crap end of the stick on service yesterday. Needless to say that when we return for lunch, I will make sure to not sit in her section. Horrible!!
2	They seem to have a Management/staffing problem.Came during a non rush at 2:30 and have been waiting 10 minutes for 4 coffee beverages to be made. People in front if me (only one couple in front) weight forever for their food.Something needs to be fixed here if they can't handle two customers.Should have gone to a Starbucks, would have saved time even with the walk.
4	So I remember going to this place a long time ago and thought it was only okay, but my friend convinced me that it was yummy and that I should return.This location had no wait on a sunday afternoon and we were seated right away in the corner of the restaurant. Although we were tucked away in the back corner, the server did not forget about us and attended to us immediately. WARNING: portions are big! The three of us ordered three appetizers and three entrees... lets just say we were extremely full and food coma-ing for awhile.. Appetizers:Asian Nachos- Who even thinks of this stuff! crispy wonton chips with chicken, wasabi cream, cheese, and sweet hot peanut sauce with fried rice in the middle. I don't know if these were made for asians or something but damn were these good! The slight hint of wasabi cream really added to the nachos, and adding the fried rice on top of the chip was super asian and delicious.Brie Wonton with creamy brie cheese, fresh pineapple, and caramelized onion marmalade- this was okay, i expected better. I didn't taste the pineapple in the wonton, and they left the rind on the brie so the taste was kind of bitter. Sauce was good.Crispy Pepperoni Mini Pizza- they added parmesan slices on top which really added to the pizza in terms of texture and and flavor. Other than that, regular pepperoni pizza.Entrees:Lunch special salad and pasta carbonara- the pasta was bomb. Yeah you can make pasta at home but the bacon bits, chicken and cheese was super flavorful and tasty. The noodles were also cooked well. Housemade Pierogies- Pierogies are basically potato dumplings which they made by hand, and they added roasted short rib with mushrooms and onions. Yum. Yeah pierogies are plain and heavy and basic, but it's good comfort food and perfect after a long night. Avocado Chipotle Cheeseburger- this thing was giant. I asked for medium rare and mushrooms instead of peppers, and it was a giant stacked burger. The cheese was melted all over the place (perfectly) and the meat was cooked the way I wanted it. The avocados were chopped (I expected it to be in slices) and it kept falling all over the place. Really messy dish, but good burger and good fries. Overall this restaurant is perfect as a heavy lunch or dinner. Definitely exceeded my expectations from what I had last time (which I don't really remember). Total came out to be $71, which is pretty fair as we did order a lot of food.. Would definitely come if staying at Palazzo or Venetian after a long night.
5	Yum yum yum! Stopped in for lunch and had the salmon piccata with brown rice. It was melt in your mouth good! Great service and beautiful atmosphere!
3	I was here for a work dinner with a very large group (over 300), and we had the entire establishment rented out for about four hours. The waitstaff were very available to hand out beer, wine and water, and were friendly for the most part. We had a buffet instead of a prix fixe menu, and the food was decent, although not amazing. The meat carving station was the only part that really stood out to me- it was fantastic. The salad was also above average in tastiness. This rating is completely based off of my experience as a part of a very large group here; I have not visited and ordered on my own. I do know this place is owned by the same company as the Cheesecake Factory, and the menu is very similar. In general I'm a cheesecake factory fan, although I think the menu is too large. I might change my rating if I pay this place a visit on my own, but for now I'm going to go with A-OK as my experience here.
5	I love this place. Every time I come to Vegas this is a must do! They have a great menu with a wide variety of options to suit just about any mood. I've seen reviews comparing GL to cheesecake factory,  but, I'd place GL above CF. I don't really care for the CF's I've been to.My favorites are definitely the eggplant fritters (loved them so much I learned to make them at home). Also, the beignets, the crown jewel. I STRONGLY recommend the beignets. Light and warm, served with chocolate,  raspberry,  and a whiskey sauce (aka creme anglaise w ith liquor). Its to die for.
4	I had the twice baked potato spring rolls from the appetizer menu. They weren't what I was expecting (as I probably should have read the description a little more closely), but were really tasty and not like anything I've ever had before.
1	Ordered the pasta fresca. Very bland flavoring, pasta under cooked, veggies were not from the best gardens for sure.  This place scores lower than the average cheese cake factory.
3	Came here for a birthday. The cocktail was good and the red velvet cake was a bit too sweet and good in flavor.
4	You can NEVER go wrong with Grand Lux Cafe. Morning, Afternoon and Night I could have this place. I love the food! The portions are hugeee and just delicious! We ordered red velvet pancakes one morning omg I couldn't even eat the whole thing, they were beyond amazing especially with the cream cheese frosting, drooool!  The omelette was good however we have had better and the hashbrowns were average, you even get toast and a bagel.  Another day we ordered the chicken jambalaya with noodles, damn they were good a bit on the salty side but delicious.  This is an absolute must for me every time I'm in Vegas.
3	This is the Venetian/Palazzo version of the Cheesecake Factory. The menus and style are almost exactly the same. I had the Delux Patty Melt at lunch once over the weekend and later I had the gnocchi for dinner. Both were satisfactory. Exactly what you would expect, nothing amazing, but totally great for a quick, no-nonsense meal.
4	Oh my. My BF and I arrived slightly after breakfast was over, so we chose the buffet. I'm not a big buffet person, but the WAFFLES were to die for! I ate there the previous morning and had the chilaquiles which were superb. I will definitely revisit! Service was a little slow, but overall a good experience.
4	Cheesecake Factory or Grand Lux?  I'd have a hard time deciding but so far Cheesecake Factory, but Grand Lux is a close second.Thai chicken - perfectly fried thin crispy batter topped with some great tasting asian sauce but to salty to go on riceSouthwest salad- wilted veggies but the honey lime dressing was very refreshing, also there were a lot of textures with the beans and tortilla and avocadoCrab cakes - were better than cheesecake factory in this case, they are smaller but not as soggyAhi tuna cevice-  was pretty plain, would probably not order this againPasta with chicken, sun dried tomatoes, and mushroom - bland.  it was false advertisement there was literally 2 slivers of sundried tomato, I would appreciate more since it is in the name of the dish.  the cheese went well with the chips we got from the ahi tuna cevice though.Warm brownie sundae- huge and totally awesome and what you would expect, shareable for 4 people's at leastService was very niceDefinitely a solid choice for lunch/dinner, I'll have to come back one day in the middle of the night after clubbing!
4	This restaurant is basically The Cheesecake Factory just with a different name.  It was decent for a "chain" and pretty much dead on a Tuesday night around 7:30pm.  I was expecting it to be a lot busier.  We were a party of 6, 4 adults and 2 kids.  The bread basket was good, I think I prefer it to CF.  A rustic sourdough, although the butter wasn't softened.  They also carry coke products I don't eat beef and my most favorite turkey burger is the turkey burger from the Cheesecake Factory.  So, I ordered it here, and it didn't disappoint.  The bread they serve it on isn't really conducive to the burger( its long and rustic), so I just removed it and enjoyed the burger.  Very moist, tasty turkey burger.  Served with fries and not that many of them too. We had lettuce wraps and ceviche as an appetizer.  I didn't taste the latter, but the lettuce wraps are similar to the wraps at PF Changs.  Not the same lettuce wraps as CF. My friend had the kobe meatballs and she raved about it.  Her son had a filet mignon and not one morsel was left on the plate.  Another son had a kids cheese pizza.  Not much to say about that.  Friends husband had the caramel chicken and he seemed to enjoy it.  They liked their alcoholic drinks. Service was pleasant and not too overbearing.  A good solid choice for a hotel, especially if you don't want to taxi it someplace else.
3	***Grand Lux Cafe is conveniently located on the casino floor at The Venetian/Palazzo; their brunch menu is priced similarly to Las Vegas 24-hour cafes; I did a build-your-own omelette, which consisted of bacon, cheddar cheese, onion, and assorted peppers (you have the option to add up to 4 ingredients); the omelette was good (nicely cooked and all of the ingredients worked well together); the omelette came with crispy shredded hash browns and good and hearty wheat toast (a toasted English muffin is available as an alternative to the toast); the brunch was decent and filling; you can get a more upscale and more delicious brunch at Bouchon (also located at this hotel), but that restaurant is harder to get to, not as filling and more expensive***Like almost all of the major resort hotels on The Strip, The Venetian and Palazzo offer complimentary self and valet parking.
4	Great place for take out in the Palazzo. It's menu is identical to that of The Cheesecake Factory, so if you're from an area with this restaurant chain, you're probably better off trying somewhere new to eat in Las Vegas. However, if you're staying in the Palazzo and are craving something different than room service, this is a great option! It's just a few steps away from the guest suite entry. They tend to underestimate a bit on order time, so be prepared to wait. Also, after midnight they stop serving most of the menu and only offer burgers.
4	Excellent place for lunch with a little bit of everything. My favorite happens to be the double potato spring rolls so tasty. But you want some kind of Asian or even Italian they have it. Service could be a bit better happens to be slow but for what they offer it is pretty good especially late night.
1	I've been to this cafe for lunch, but decided to come here during breakfast/brunch. When we got seated, our hostess asked us if we would like to order from the menu or go straight to the buffet. Being that we got a late start and were hungry, we decided to go with the buffet. Oh boy, was that a big mistake!!! For $18.99 you get a buffet that has less selection than a Homestyle Buffet!!!  Totally not worth it! Was so disappointed and wishes we had just ordered from the menu! To top it off, we had a horrible server who never even cracked a smile..never said hello and just took down our drink order like it was a huge task, not to mention she took a whole 15 minutes to get to us to even take down our order. We had just begun to get our second plates when she abruptly brought us the check. Ok, so you want us to leave already? Lol!! Just gave it a 1 star because the food was decent. Otherwise, horrible selection and poor service. Won't be coming back here for awhile...especially never ever again the breakfast buffet, you can go elsewhere in Vegas that has the same price for a wayyyyy better selection or another place with a cheaper price!
5	We came here with my moms before blue man show a way back.  Been here about 3 times altogethere.  Nice prices a
4	It's the Grand Luxe - I love this place.  It's basically like the grimy diner of vegas.  You're not their expecting amazing food.  You go there to get food energy to go back to pounding drinks and gambling like a degenerate.The salads are surprisingly good, otherwise you get the fried crap that you eat at TGIF or a diner.  It's not great, but certainly not bad.++ It's open later than other places.
4	Grand Lux = Nice DennysPretty cheap sitdown for vegas, decent burgers. Burger, soda, tax&tip came to about $25..not bad
2	Food is fine. Was handed a scorching hot plate that burned me pretty good. So that was not fun. Have you ever been burned? It hurts. Makes your burger not taste as good.
4	Went here for dinner on 11/15.  We were tired of all of the high end/fine dining and just wanted some decent good eats.  Since we were familiar to this place, we decided it was a no brainer.  Ambience:  Chill.  Think Cheesecake Factory (sister property).  Not romantic, not too formal.  But still niceService:  Very good.  Water and order taken right away.  Food did not take long to come out.  Food:  Menu was not as crazy big as Cheesecake.  But some very unique items.  I opted for the buffalo wing egg rolls.  Very tasty.  I then got the short rib grilled cheese.  IT was really really good.  The meat was tender and flavorful.  Secondly, the arugula was a nice touch in the grill cheese.  I would definitely order it again.  My friends got the shrimp jambalaya.  It was a tad on the dry side, but they whipped up some extra sauce.  Flavor was good.  Not too spicy.  I would order that again too.  We got the butter cake to share.  It was really good.  Almost as good as Maestro's buttercake.Value:  Compared to the prices in vegas, this is def a value.  Food prices range from $13-40 per entree.
5	Great service & food. Went for breakfast, buffet was $18.95 pp. Buffet had a lot to offer, egg, bacon, fruit, waffles & more! It's located inside the Venetian by the casino.
5	The service here was so speedy, we had someone to help us from the moment we sat down. We ordered our drinks, and then our appetizers and main course at the same time, before we could finish the appetizers the food was here, and we barely had to wait 15 minutes! I would recommend this place to anyone, the pricing was fantastic, and at the speed they took to serve it, the quality of the food was exceptional.
4	This grand lux in particular is great! I was just in over the weekend. The chicken parm was humungous and the most delicious it's ever been. The service was fantastic. Even there dinner salad was huge and delicious. They have some of the best blue cheese dressing. For desert we got the baked brownie sundae. It was gooey and delicious as advertised. More people should go to this location
5	For those who don't feel like getting food coma, or just being a glutton, at the many buffets in Vegas, The Grand Lux Cafe is perfect for satisfying your hunger.No matter the time of day, all of the food here is freshly made and piping hot. I visited twice during my stay and thoroughly enjoyed their steak sandwich and breakfast platter (eggs, bacon, hash browns, and toast).
1	I went to the restaurant last night. My husband and I were very disappointed. We ordered Soroma salad Kobe burger as usual. There are so many spoil lettuce inside my salad. We tried to take them out while we're eating, but it's too much. Then we stopped and let the server know about that. They sent someone to talk with us before they took it out from my check. The first thing this guy question us is if we know the lettuce. ( of course! We knew the lettuce and we also know fresh and spoil vegetable). Next, I started my burger. I cut and eat my burger. I suddenly saw the blue green chemical stain on my plate where I just cut my first bite. I stopped again and asked for the check. We didn't say anything until we paid. Then I told the server about the chemical stain. I felt very pissed this time when he reply me. "I think it might be the dishwasher chemical", he said. He doesn't seem sorry or any thing about my food was sit on the chemical and I ate it. In my opinion, i own 4 restaurant in town.  I don't think the dishwasher wouldn't leave the stain like that. I think it might be some cleaning product or something when they spray nearby the plate because my lip and my cheek feel numb right away while i's driving back home. In short, this cafe wouldn't be my favorite restaurant anymore.
5	Laid back casual yet elegant. The Asian short rib tacos are delicious. Salisbury wagyo steak a good one too. I've never been a big salad person and resisted kale for a long time. Had kale and avocado salad tonight and absolutely loved it. Highly recommend for a low key vegas styled dinner.
4	This was a great restaurant!  Loved the menu options, moderately priced, large portions and tasty food.  I think it's related to Cheesecake Factory so the decor looks exactly like Cheesecake Factory without the long line.They start you off with some nice warm, crunchy sour dough bread.  I ordered a small portion of crispy calamari for appetizer.  Nice size for a small portion.They do a really nice Chicken Caesar salad.  I had breakfast and the portions were so large, I couldn't finish.  I swear they must use five eggs for that breakfast platter.I'm pretty nosey and love to check out what everyone else is eating.  Everything was so huge and looked fabulous!They only down side of our dinner was the fries were served cold.  As soon as we brought it to our waitresses attention, she brought out a fresh batch for my friend  pretty quick.  We went to the one in the Palazzo hotel and I was surprised that it was so empty.  The bellman at our hotel suggested that one because he said the one at the Venetian is always so crowded.I would definitely recommend this restaurant and would definitely stop in again on my next visit!
5	This place is great! We were seated within 5 minutes on Christmas. The waiter we had was attentive and helpful. He was supposed to get off and another waitress was taking over but he stayed until our food came and made sure everything was right. The waitress was great too. My family shared our food with each other because it was so good! Their fetuccini alfredo and bistro steak were especially delicious. I will definitely come back here again whenever I'm in Vegas!
3	Went here for brunch on Christmas day.  Did not realize that those with a Gracie card got priority seating (until it was too late).  Wait time at 10am was around 20-30mins for a party of 5.  Those that had 2-3 people were seated right away.  The restaurant was packed.  Their breakfast buffet was simple but seems to be a decent value at $18 ($9 for kids).  Came with Egg, bacon, hash browns, sausage in chaffing bowls.  There was a pretty decent fruit selection and pastries.  The omelette station was pretty crowded.  Wait time for an omelette was around 15mins.  The belgium waffles kept running out.  They had two stations for the omelettes (manned by 2 chefs)  but the chefs also had to make and stock the waffle stations.  Too crazy!  The fruits and pastries kept running out.  They also were running out of plates and were bringing piping hot plates (still soaked in hot water) to refill.  If you are in a hurry, go for the buffet.We ordered off the menu and it took a really long time to get our order.  I ordered the corn beef hash.  It was ok.  My wife got the chillaquilles (sp?) and that had a really nice flavor.  Only complaint was that it was hard to eat.  They used both chips and tortilla strips.Service:  Was pretty slow but I felt that the server was overwhelmed by the amount of people.  She was really polite and nice.  Just slow.  Value:  I think for vegas, things were priced pretty well.  My corn beef hash was $13 and a decent amount.If you need a simple meal, this is the place to go.
4	Good food, a variety of dishes to choose from and large portion! We come here every time we stayed at Palazzo.
4	I was relieved to have a simple yet good place to eat on the strip. The menu was decently priced. I ordered the turkey and brie sandwich with apples. It was a satisfying sandwich. I loved their made to order desert options, which you order at the same time as the entree so that they have enough time to prepare it. We ordered a dozen chocolate chip pecan cookies, ate 2 each, and saved the rest for our flight home :)
5	Huge variety of a menu to choose from, everything taste good, unique options arty great prices, I can't get enough of this place
5	Looking for a place to grab some top notch grub?this is it...late night or afternoon this place has the food that will sit right for whatever your looking for.....there chicken fried steak is awesome
3	The good:-It was fairly easy to get a table for 8 here.-Service was decent. -Convenient if you are staying at the Palazzo.-My friends didn't really bitch about anything so I guess their meal was ok.The bad:-The scrambled eggs from the all you can eat breakfast was a little runny.  (Although, the omelets you can make are ok.) -Bloody mary was pretty horrible.
5	Haven't been here since 2008 but I remember the pasta carbonara being amazing.  Considering it has been 6 years since, it goes to tell how good meals can loom in the memory.
