5	Jackrabbit Supper Club, Scottsdale's newest swanky place-to-be, has a crowd to be envied. With the perfect mix of beautiful people, great music and flowing alcohol, Jackrabbit's nights are becoming better and better with time. And on the hour, every hour, Jackrabbit presents a sexy burlesque show, featuring Arizona's hottest ecdysiasts (you'll have to check out jackrabbitaz.com to find out what those are). The girls are endearingly known as White Chocolate, Dallas, Charlie, Loo Loo and Sophie; and this is far from amateur hour. JR also has a band that mixes things up from time to time, in between the musical stylings of resident DJ DJ Mikyl, who has mixed at places such as SIX as well. To learn more about JR's history, bottle service, menu and more, check out JackrabbitAZ.com, a sultry website with lots of info. One of the best club experiences of my life!
3	Jackrabbit is ok, which is pretty good, in my book. First off, I should confess, my band had played earlier that night and for that reason I had consumed a few cocktails, but I was by no means out of control. It was late when we wheeled into Jackrabbit and coughed up our requisite $10 entrance fee. Drinks were expensive, not outrageous, but not cheap by any means either, especially considering you're paying just to put a foot in the door. I didn't catch any of the entertainment since it was very crowded but I was pleasantly surprised by the flow of traffic. There is a nice little outdoors area and the separation between rooms facilitates walking and mingling. Contingent upon the crowd on any given night, this place could be packed with thirty thousand dollar millionaires or the more modest variety of Scottsdalers, just out to have a good time and be entertained.
3	The layout of Jackrabbit is similar to the Pussycat lounge.  It is one big room with a stage in front with a bar in front of the stage.  There is a live band that comes on when a dancer comes out.  The dancers movements are wild, erotic, and violent.  There is another bar right when you come in to your right.  a small crowded patio area with several private tables.  The music was pretty good.  Drinks were the usual $8 or whatever they are at a place like this.I guess what is important is whether I would go back or not and I would say that I wouldn't frequent this place unless a bunch of my friends wanted to go there.
3	While Scottsdale's Jackrabbit Supper Club is Britney Spears-approved -- the pop singer made the rounds last December when she reportedly made out with Arizona Cardinals hottie Matt Leinart -- it's a little too clubby for my taste. The music is usually loud, making it hard to carry on a conversation and nearly everyone looks like they stepped out of the pages of a fashion magazine. Oh, and be prepared to throw down more than the norm for drinks -- martinis are $13! If all of this isn't scaring you away, you'll probably have a good time. And the best part? The bar offers hourly burlesque-style performances from the club's saucy dancers.
4	Jackrabbit was the perfect place to host tryouts for the Lingerie Bowl last Saturday.  My first time in there, my 20 closest friends and I had a great time until it got so ridiculously, insanely packed.  ASU is now back in session so I'm thinking thats why literally ever bar I set foot in that night was a madhouse.  But if Jackrabbit is always this full, I dont see myself going back.  Drinks seemed par for Scottsdale ($10+ each), as was the bar in general.  Set up a lot like PCL, its basically a big room where everyone stands around playing grab-ass with flirty co-eds.  Want to pick the people who grab your ass?  Opt for one of the VIP booths on the sides of the dance floor and you'll feel less like youre in a meat market.  But not entirely.Cover was a pricey $20 for guys the night I went and ladies are free always I believe.  The burlesque dancers every hour were a night change from the amatures on platforms at Devils or the go-go girls at Axis.
2	Jackrabbit is what makes Scottsdale inferior to most other city nightlife. Most people consider JR one of the "hotspots" in Scottsdale, In actuality, the owners ripped this idea off Forty Deuce (original is in LA and then Vegas). It's the same concept: burlesque dancers that dance on stage every hour with a bar. Very original. Yes, it's a decent spot. If you don't get a table, then you're SOL standng up cramped with no where to move. But then again, they charge vegas prices for tables. Sad thing, people actually pay for it. But, it's the same old Scottsdale scene. I think there are people that rotate going to JR, PCL, Six and Dirty Pretty every week. I'll take my out of town friends here, but other than that, I try to avoid this place.Although I respect other people's opinions, I can't believe S. Izzo's review that this place is the one of the best experiences of his life? It's a rip off of another place. S. Izzo, you must surely work at JR. That is the only rationale I have (well that and the shameless plug to the JR's website and knowing the waitresses name).
2	This is a club -- not a lounge, or supper club.I was drugged and dumped here by friends a few months ago (Fri, around 10pm)...It is too loud, too packed, and drinks cost too much. I am certainly not one of the "beautiful people" who belongs here...Good luck!
1	I love going out. One definition of an extrovert that I heard recently is that your batteries are recharged by being around other people. You don't need alone time. That's pretty much me. The idea that I just need to chill out and be by myself is a totally foreign concept. But I've heard enough people talk about it that it must be real. So that said, you would think I would love this place. It offers the most Jack-rasses Scottsdale has to offer per square foot. Last time I was there, which was very recently, I played some crazy human tetris to get back to the bar to pay my tab. I bumped into 84 pairs of fake boobs, which is not really a complaint, 500 asses, of which only 321 were women, and I pretty much was sweating like a seagull on fire on the 4th of July, which ruined my perfectly coifed and excessively huge hair. I paid $20 to get in. I said "Twenty. Fucking. Dollars." You should have seen the look on the face of the money-taker. Apparently, she thought it was totally reasonable. $50 for 5 drinks. I didn't cuss at the bartender. Now, it's not all bad. The burlesque dancers' asses are sublime. A true delight. Coconut creme pie for my eyes. Some super hot girl kept staring me down. I would have talked to her if not for the music that requires screaming over and the fact that it would have taken me 20 minutes to get to her and she probably would have been gone and the women I was there with probably would not have appreciated it. And the music wasn't bad. That said, do your wallet, your senses, your sense of space, your intelligence, and your friends a favor and go somewhere else.
1	I hesitate to review because I hesitate to relive the experience, but...Prop up your silicone and enjoy the hot mess that is Jackrabbit.The 'stars that could have been' breakdown (in chronological order of the evening...):#1) Nothing says classy VIP and bottle service like faux-strippers...#2) Everyone loves a Mr. Ed smile on a server right? (just go, you'll see...)#3) Is that a man or a woman?...Best shimmy spotting evah. (ladies, really? come on)#4) MILF's livin' the dream...need I say more?#5) You mean Astroglide doesn't count as lip-gloss?...square.No, seriously, one star because I L'dMFAO...If, however, you are planning on leaving your "make-the-best-of-it" attitude at home...I'd suggest another venue.
2	Why did I kinda have fun here the other night, when typically I hate scottsdale clubs? Cause I didn't expect much and I was with a bunch of fun girls for a bachelorette party.  When we first arrived a manager came out and tried to sell us VIP seating that came with a $400 bottle, ya right. Who falls for this crap? The VIP area was not really that special and the $400 bottle of vodka for 15 girls probably would last like 5 seconds. Please. I did actually like the decor though, but the crowd is what will keep me from coming back. Oh ya, there is a burlesque dancer who comes out once an hour, pretty cool, although I could see that novelty wearing off fairly quickly.
4	I'm not a club kinda girl, but I find myself at Jackrabbit when I find myself in Downtown Scottsdale.  I was introduced to it by a friend who's a regular and so I have always had a good time.  Pro's:  -Burlesque dancers who can actually dance.  No cheesy go-go dancers in big furry boots and boy-shorts, these girls have moves.  I recently saw a belly dancer perform before a fashion show and she was incredible!  I get bored easily, so just when I don't feel like dancing anymore the music switches to live musicians and some girls come out to entertain.    -The patio, especially in the winter.  Good place to lounge and cool off. -The music is pretty good too. Con's:  -It gets pretty sweaty in there!  -Not enough places to sit down unless you have a VIP booth. -Expensive drinks, but that is to be expected.  I don't really understand complaining about the drink prices, it's no more expensive than similar places in the area and better priced than my favorite place in LA.  It's a necessary evil.Bottom line: I like this place far better than other clubs in Scottsdale, but give me some vodka and I can pretty much have fun anywhere!
2	Jackrabbit "Stupid" Club...Ok for starters, the doormen are jerks. To  girls, boys, men, women, nice people, mean people, meat heads, sluts, small bunnies and other cute little fuzzy creatures.... JERKS.  Total snobbish meat heads demanding a cover to go in a bar where the music sounds like a low budget wedding reception. Even though Arizona is just a dry, hot and dusty place with no natural resources, people that hang in places like "Jackrabbit" are often snobbish and think they are extremely prestigious because they show up in outfits they shopped for all day trying to look like a coked up kid rock.... Inevitably they always end up with there panties around their ankles throwing up in a bathroom the size of a lunch pail with a mean poor person selling gum and smokes while trying to charge you to wipe your hands...The bartenders always charge a different amount and could care less about making friends. When the hoochies come out to do their little show they basically push everyone and their drinks off the bar and sound off the fog horns. Out comes a few anorexic girls that dance around on the bar, clearly thinking they poop roses and fart sunshine....If you like songs like Charles in charge and YMCA in the middle of a house music set than this is the place to be.Make sure you cash your paycheck because they are for sure charging you a cover...male OR female.The only cool thing about this place is the wallpaper.
4	Ok folks, I usually am not a scottsdale girl.  I usually enjoy a dive bar at happy hour or my parents house (love you mom and dad!) But I have to say I had a blast here!! I was there to help with a Jon Ric Fashion Show and had the time of my life.  Our server was so cute! she was always right there to make sure we had ice, our bottle, and mixers.  Plus I don't remember seeing a dirty glass EVER at our table! I'm a server and that is not easy to do.  So good job staff.  The dancers were great and the music was so varied! there really was something for everyone.  I would go back again in a heart beat!
3	Typical Scottsdale.. yes..it is..BUT, It does make for a good next day of stories, right? But I cant really go lower than a 3 with Jackrabbit.. Had a table.. a couple bottles of Belvedere Vodka.. and the works..it was my friends bday so the spikey haired waiter brought some decent champagne.. and then another later, but it was pink.. and we thought, not. Burlesque theme is def different..and even though Im a girl, I thought the dancers were good... mixes up the venue and the night.. and they are actually were so artistic.. we girls were staring as much as the guys in our group.. a tacky in between... some over intox wannabes got on the stage, the pole, the curtains, even and the staff allowed that for a good 20minutes before plucking their drunk asses off the stage... gross.. at least be a pro and have a rockin body before you get up there and try to turn your 2am'r on.. haha! But fun to watch..for us that arent that brave or that rockin!  Looked a bit packed for the non-VIP area... and getting to the restroom is tricky its so jammed.. Im not sure in this economy you need all the VIP tables, which for a Saturday nite were about 1/4 occupied.. place is a bit too tight for all the tables.. Im sure the drinks at the bar are typically priced... beyond the decor, which I loved... the clientele and place defineately is.. just typical...
4	The appeal of Jackrabbit is wearing out really fast.  A year or two ago, I was really excited about Jackrabbit all the time.  The bar was cool inside, the patio was pretty awesome place to chill out and they were different.  They had club music, but would break it up almost every 30-45 minutes (or so it seemed in a drunken haze) with some live music and a sexy dancer that would give you an old school strip tease.  The place had sex appeal, yet they weren't cocky about it.  They were the spot, but they didn't have to be a dick to prove it.Jackrabbit was unique, a place that was different from all the other knock offs of the original "lounge" locations like 6.  The crowd was great, and you either had to get their super early, know someone with a connection, or tip the bouncer a hefty fee (not sure that ever worked though, as I saw them turn down $500 bucks and a AmEx black card at the door one night) to get inside.  Either way this was the spot.  It was old town hanging on to the strong economic growth of the Valley through 2007, and people spending money like it was growing on trees (because it was).  This place was a 5.  No better place in old town to go.  A true place to see (celebs, athletes, and top business men) and be seen.Then the economy hit hard, and the people slowly started to give back their million dollar houses, their Range Rover, and the diamond ring that they never truly could afford.  This is when the magic at Jackrabbit started to disappear.  Chill hang out bars started to become the norm, rather than dark spendy lounges.  No longer was the night filled with bottles of Goose and Crystal to celebrate a birthday.  Nope, people started opting for a pony keg at American junkie, or a fish bowl at Drift, or a few beers at their local dive.I still hold out that Jackrabbit will continue to be the best spot in Old Town.  In fact, every once in a while I pop my head in and remember the "good ole days".  They certainly are hanging in there.  Hopefully some day soon the economy will turn around, the bottles of champagne will be popping once again, and the unique atmosphere of a truly original lounge will be packed wall to wall once again.
1	This place is terrible. Hot mess, indeed.
1	Eewww. I don't like being in a room where it's standing room only, unless you shell out big bucks to sit in a booth. Mediocre guy candy unless you like short guys in Affliction or douche bags in pinstripes. Alas, that seems to be much of Snottsdale these days. I guess I'm a dive bar kinda gal.  I'll save my skanky dresses for Vegas :)
1	Went into this place the other day!! OMG what a frickin joke. They had some weird circus sex thing goin on...some boney freaky drugged out dancers in circus gear.  BARF. There was about two people in there. The DJS ALWAYS suck, this clearly should be flattened out into an empty warehouse, loose the bling or whatever you were "trying" to do, get a badass techno DJ like Donald Glaude or Tiesto, put in a booming sound system, cheap drinks and amazing lighting and START OVER. The door guys were dicks to people for so long it finally caught up with them. DONT CHARGE A COVER, YOUR CLUB LOST IT ALONG TIME AGO, TIME TO RE-BUILD. Take notes from Cream.
4	4 star review for Friday nights @ Jackrabbit.I had never been to Jackrabbit before so I can't speak for how it used to be, but Friday nights are very nice. The crowd is a sophisticated mix of urban professionals and the music is hip hop/r & b. The cover is an affordable $10 and they have 2 bars. The atmosphere reminded me of lounges in Chicago which being a Chicago native was right up my alley. If the thought of spending another Friday night @ Myst avoiding the hood crowd, please make your way to Jackrabbit as you won't be disappointed.
