5	This was absolutely my favorite bar when I was at ASU. The place is an old home converted into the most eclectic bar you'll run across in the Valley. There are plenty of small nooks and crannies to get settled into and they have a decent sand volleyball court. When you happen to be outside if the temps drop to anything resembling chilly weather, they have these great little portable fireplaces. Easily the most eclectic crowd in Phoenix, you'll drink beers next to doctors, lawyers, bikers, and mechanics. Nowhere else in town will you buy a burger and have to cook it yourself, but that is part of the charm of this place. When you do make it over here, it's a little tough to find because it is fronted by a huge stand of trees so keep your eyes open. Since I'm not in Arizona anymore, please have a seat in the giant teacup and drink a cold one for me.
5	This was the best bar in Phoenix. Between playing shuffleboard, horseshoes, darts, volleyball, ping pong and various other games you were also able to grill your own food bought at the bar. Beer was only 2$ and the ambiance of the place was unbeatable. I frequented the bar for well over a decade and was truly sad to see it go.I was able to bid on one of their more memorable pieces of art work. I ended up winning it and it is proudly displayed in the middle of my living room. It is actually fairly ugly, but in a good way.
5	IT"S BEEN CLOSED AND TORN DOWN FOR A FEW YEARS NOW.Anyways, this was my favorite bar of all time. Loved it.   I don't know why they had it torn down because now it's just an empty field.  How sad.Oh the stories I have about it...Sorry for the review because you cant go there anymore.
5	haven't been thee since 1988... great bar! outdoor volleyball.. bartenders dressed like monks.. grill your own burger outside on a grill.. you coulcn't even see the ploace from the road. had to know it was there. behind a funeral home, i think... always wanted to go back.... only in memory now. bummer!
5	It was behind a Mortuary off 48th street and Indian School for decades before it moved to the last location.  You think it was good then, You should have seen it before in the 60's, 70's and 80's.  It left that location just after Thanksgiving in 1994, although it wasn't called the Monastery at that point as there was a fight between all the owners.  The Monastery had relocated around '91/92 or so.  The party was pretty much over after that.
