3	Normally in Edinburgh I get about by either walking or getting the brilliant Lothian bus service. However, on the odd occasion I have gone down that more expensive route of travelling in a taxi! I have used City Cabs a few times, booking them in advance. The main reason I thought to review City Cabs, is not due to its perfectly adequate service but due to the quality of the conversations with the taxi drivers! On every trip in a City Cabs taxi, the drivers have always been chatty and a bit more upbeat than other taxi drivers who are always a bit down (Mainly due to the issues surrounding the trams!). Now, I know taxis are more expensive than taking the bus, but for that price with City Cabs you are partly paying for the banter with the driver! This is an additionally bonus, along with a reliable service!
4	It's rare that I need to get a cab in Scotland's capital, but a year or so back when E-Bot was in Ze Reich and I regularly hopped back and forth across the Eurozone to visit her, I often had to utilise their services to get the 6am Ryanair flight. City cabs sticks in my mind though, due to the banter. I remember one particularly charming guy who spent the 20 minute journey regailing me with graphic stories of the various "18 year old stunners" whom had allegedly performed sex acts upon him in his Skoda. Given his age, appearance, personality and smell, I'm not 100% sure he was telling the truth.Thankfully, socially unpleasant / awkward situations are my forte, so in a way, this randy old bastard's delusions were preferable to a journey filled with half-hearted grumblings about the weather or traffic conditions.
4	Unlike Gavin, I've thankfully never had a pervert taxi driver through City Cabs but have had an abundance with the usual taxi driver chat. Why is it that taxi drivers seem to hate everyone, it's very bizarre.City Cabs have always been very reliable, turning up on time and charging reasonable fares too and much better than paying the ridiculous fares of a black cab!
3	I ordered a taxi for an early morning flight and they were there right on time. My driver wasn't as animated as the ones that  other reviewers got but maybe because I was nearly asleep during the entire ride to the airport.
4	City Cabs are on my iPhone 'Favourites' numbers list. Before you point and laugh, they're not the ONLY entry on my 'Favourites' numbers list, not quite the Billy Nomates yet. But I am a very frequent user of taxis in the city, for a number of reasons.Earlier in the year it was because a knee injury meant I literally couldn't walk. As a result I had to take a taxi everywhere. No matter how long or short the distance the driver never complained. I've had other taxi drivers complain when the distance is so short, all the time thinking "mate, I'm giving you a quick fare here". But as I was calling them literally every day, sometimes 2 or 3 times, the people on the phone started to recognise me and say "Oh is that xxx" for my address. I know they have computers with this, but I could recognise familiarity in their voice.I also recently had to purchase quite a large item from Argos, and being the stubborn independent wee thing I am didn't ask anyone for a hand or lift. Before I ordered it, I called up City Cabs and asked if they would carry this sort of thing. They certainly would. The driver came right to the door, carried it inside for me, and carried it to my front door asking if I was many flights up. They are a taxi service, not a removal company, but he went that extra step without any fuss. I also very recently had to lug said large item (a gazebo tent), and a table, and boxes full of things to a space that was literally 30 metres from my front door. In theory I could have done 3 trips but it was 7am and I'm a little lazy like that. I again explained on the phone before I ordered, and when the taxi driver showed up I very apologetically explained that I was going "to where that tree is" with my big load. He did sigh wearily but I made light of it, and he didn't give me any hassle and again went hte extra step of helping me unload everything and walking it to where I needed it to be. I was prepared for an onslaught of abuse at this final request from City Cabs - a 50 metre taxi journey with a very heavy load - but no. Both the people on the phone and drivers are always courteous and if they do have any qualms, keep them very well hidden.I do even occasionally need to use their taxis for normal to-ing and fro-ing, like on a Friday night when I'm far away from home and in heels, or running late for dinner. (I'm usually a walker / bus taker when I can). And for that they do the job just perfectly. There are plenty of them almost everywhere, and I've never had hassle off a driver.My only, only complaint is that on a Friday / Saturday night in peak going-out season and times, there literally isn't a taxi to be seen. Anywhere. Usually in winter. So my only request is...can we have more please?!
5	The best. Always punctual. Always professional. Highly recommend. The app is nice but does not always work so I just call them. Put the number in your phone and you're sorted.
4	I regularly use city cabs. Their a solid bunch who seem to be sensible and have some good focus on punctuality and driver training. They all take cards for a 2% charge I think. Generally get them early am to the airport and they're good eggs. Not so good late on a busy night but fair enough. They're busy! Alex recommended and we have a business account with them too.
