5	I was invited for lunch by a member... wow, what an incredible place.  The golf coarse view was amazing.  I had the Kobe burger at the Men's grill and it had to be one of the best burgers in Metro Phoenix.
1	I telephoned the country club to inquire about the Goldwater Women's Tennis Classic.  This telephone call occurred on November 12, 2010 at approximately 6:00 PM.A woman named CHARMION BILLINGTON answered the phone.  Never in my life have I experienced a more curt, rude, inconsiderate "ambassador" of a country club.This woman embodies everything that is stereotypical, negative, and distasteful in private country clubs.I called to inquire about the start times of the tennis matches of the tournament.  Charmion proceeded to inform me, rather dismissively, that she didn't know the times of the matches and nobody was around who did.  I told her I came in from out of town to see the matches.  Did she know of a website that might have the informaiton I wanted?  She said she didn't know of any website and flatly told me to call back "tomorrow morning'.SHE THEN HUNG UP ON ME.No kidding.  While I was mid-sentence (to thank her, ironically), she hung up.I went to the tennis matches, in spite of Charmion's classless and rude behavior.  Everyone else at the club was friendly, helpful, and welcoming.Perhaps I caught Charmion on a bad day.  But this in no way excuses her complete lack of professionalism.  Phoenix Country Club ought to re-evaluate this woman.  She is a discredit to their business.
5	This is one hell of a luxury country club.  Everything they do is first class.  Golf course, locker rooms, fitness, dining, etc. is second to none. The clubhouse was recently renovated at the cost of over $20M.   The golf course has been around since 1899 and used to host the Phoenix Open prior to the TPC.  In the last 3 years this golf course has become THE BEST manicured golf course in town.  With green running consistently at 10-14 I would challenge you to find a better putting surface in the valley.Adam Bringham is the director of golf and a great face guy for the club.  As a life long golfer and someone who has walked in to a lot of pro shops, the PCC shop is top notch.  They stock over $200k of apparel and equipment from brand names like Lindeberg, Travis Mathews, Polo Golf, etc.  Adam and his staff run 7-10 quality golf tournaments a year and truly make your guests feel at home.PCC has a beautiful lunch buffet and salad bar set up every day of the week for lunch.  Business men and women flock to the men's and mixed grill for lunch each day.  Chef does a great job of creating desirable dinner specials and I've yet to have anything on the menu that I didn't like.Every country club in town has reduced their pricing.  That being said, for $22,500 this might be the best value for your money.  Memberships were once selling for over $60,000.  If you are looking for a true LUXURY club this is the spot!
5	One of my colleagues is a member here.  Since we just got out of a meeting downtown, we decided to grab lunch here.  I am very impressed with this place.  The building is old, but it has been well kept.Pictures of past golf tournaments and celebrities line the hallways.  Dark, high quality wood is used for the trim and finishes.  When I think "country club", this is what I imagine.  We went upstairs to the dining room and sat down for lunch.  The server was very friendly and went over the menu & specials.  One of the specials caught my attention, an Italian Panini w/Fries, so I ordered it.It was a few minutes after noon and the place started to get busy for lunch.  Many businessmen from the area were having lunch as well as a few retirees and a couple of golfers.  It was a nice mix of people and the vibe was very cool.It didn't take very long for our food to come out.  The Italian Panini was awesome, full of flavor and the ingredients was fresh and high quality.  Nice sized portion too....actually, it was large for a Panini.  I was stuffed after this meal.Overall, it was a great experience.  If it wasn't so far away from home, I'd seriously consider purchasing a membership here.  Can't wait to come back and play some golf!Return Factor - 100%
5	My in-laws are members here, I've been here for Rotary Club meetings, United Way and YMCA Board events, my kids took swim lessons here and swam on the club swim team, and we recently held a fundraising dinner for my kids' school here. Throughout all of this I have never had a bad experience at the Phoenix Country Club. Whether you're a member, a guest, or just a visitor, the staff at the Phoenix Country Club treat you like a VIP. However, its not snobbish or snooty, just competency that comes through.Also, its always been nice, but the renovation that was completed a few years ago really has made this club step up. If you want to visit one of the best places in Phoenix, check out the Phoenix Country Club.
4	I have been here many times for meetings, conferences and events. The meeting space is nice, with great views in the main conference room. The banquet staff is always helpful; I did, however, come across one server that was less pleased with her job. I wont blame the country club for her actions though. :) I would recommend this meeting space to anyone.
4	Not the best country club I have ever golfed at, but pretty nice all the same.  The course itself is well maintained, though it was aerated recently.  Customer service is obviously touted here and it shows throughout the entire facility.  I had a nice experience and will definitely be back soon.
5	Fantastic venue! Provides members with opulence and importance and staff knows what I want as soon as I walk through the door. The rich history of this Country Club and its members complements the past and future of the best Phoenix has to offer.Everything is perfect, all the grills, bars, fine dining, golf, swimming,tennis, and the events that are offered to members are top notch!
4	restaurant Was quiet at 12.30 on friday, maybe the holiday  affect ed them.  We had their  salad  with  tuna.the tuna was nice and fresh and we'll seasoned . Their was a nice mix  including  chunks of avacardo.we also had a club  sandwich with Cajon shrimp .Service was good price was also reasonable
5	OLD SCHOOL CC!! You feel like you step back in time at this club. Now everything is in pristine updated condition, but the club itself has that old time CC feel and swagger. The service is top notch and the attention to details is on point. I didn't see Ty Webb or Judge Smails here, but I'm sure this would be a place for them. Tennis courts are in perfect condition and the golf course is a PHX classic! So, just snake a tube down her nose and I'll be there in four or five hours. I am enjoying Phoenix CC!
5	I have been a member since 1983 and have witnessed a club which has transformed over the years, meeting the needs of its membership.  Our fitness center is top notch, our kids programs and child care offerings are wonderful, the food and our talented chef never ceases to amaze me with his creativity and ability to deliver,  since he handled our daughters wedding flawlessly but most of all the friendship and comaraderie within the club.  We just had our welcome back party which was off the top including BBQ  oystesr on the back terrace and the place was packed with young vibrant members. My husband and I play a great deal of golf and the course is so well groomed and offers various tee box locations for all types of golfers.  The fact we are still a vibrant club since 1899.........speaks for itself.  Thanks for all the memories. Kathleen
4	Everything here are super expensive, but this is what you are paying for in any country clubs.  Food are great here and the views are very beautiful.
4	The food was delicious and the service was great!  The private room the bridal shower held in was lovely.  However, I didn't like that they had a dress code; no jeans.  I can dress up a pair of jeans with heals, a really nice top and great accessories.  I think the pretentious attitude of "no jeans" is completely silly!
