2	I just want Cactus Valley pool supply to know that what they wanted to charge me $60 for on friday,I fixed for 60 cents.If any bodys springs fall out of there Hayward navigator (they are what makes the pads springy so it moves foward) you can match them at ACE hardware at Warner and Cooper,,(i recomend the Stainless Steel ones) for 30 cents each.They have always done a good job for me and i think they have been fare,,but when i was told $60,,,i knew i could get it fixed cheaper and they probably knew i could too,You would think they would have told a steady customer ,huh?
4	As a pool owner, I am constantly spending money and driving around instead of floating in the pool with a drink (umbrella in the drink optional).  If I have to go buy something for the pool, this is the place to go.  First, they are right around the corner from my house, so it's easy to pop in and pick up what I need.  Secondly, their prices are always lower than the other pool supply chains.  On top of the low prices and location, their staff is always top notch.  They look for ways to save you money, and are always willing to order a part or help you find what you need.The only less than perfect expedience I had was when I drained my pool - I rented a pump from therm, and the hose kept splitting and tearing, and it was missing one of the clamps.  I called right away to make sure I wasn't charged for the damage, but when I returned it, I only got a half-hearted sorry.  No real apology for the equipment failure.  I didn't even want a refund of part of the money, although I would have taken it.  So that and the fact that their hours are from 10 am to 6:30 pm making it hard to go in on days I work late, are the only 2 things holding back the last star.If you rent equipment, make them check it first and you should have an awesome experience!
5	I bought a house nearby and noticed their label ont he prior tennants chemicals, so I went there. VERY friendly, remembered me by name the next time I came in.  Always greet me, analyze my water and recommend chemicals.Their prices on chemicals are lowe than anywhere else, and if not, they amtch.  They also gave me a great deal when I spent $250 to stock up, enough of a discount that I bought a VERY good $60 pool raft too.I hate test strips, MUCH eaasier to let them analyze and suggest chemicals.  Highly recommend any branch, bt especially this oneR
