5	So one quick disclaimer before you continue, Montreal style hot dogs (aka "Steamies") are steamed, not grilled or boiled.  Sounds gross, but trust me they aren't like those nasty New York water dogs, they are more like magic for your mouth.  As long as you are aware of this going in you're going to do just fine.  The original joint opened up in 1912 and my Dad has been going here since he came to Canada in the 1950's, so the Pool Room is pretty much my birthright.  Of course you always have La belle Pro, Valentines and La Fleurs - but none can hold a candle to the Pool Room's perfectly steamed delicacy.  Order yours "All dressed" - mustard, onion, relish and "choux"  (a coleslaw type cabbage topping) and make sure to get a poutine on the side.  Personally I like to add a dash of cayenne to my dogs and poutine, but to each their own.  Burgers are also delish, and if you aren't a fan of steamies, you can always get a "toasty" (a hot dog w/ a bun that resembles toasted bread) - but the steamies are the real deal Holyfield so make sure you at least try one.
5	Steam hot dogs and yummy fries...... Heaven. Always stop by when I return to Montreal. You must try a true Montreal steamed hot dog - all dressed a must. Nothing comes close in the rest of Canada. Warning - it's located around strip clubs / sex shops but who cares. You will smell the hot dogs as soon as you walk around the corner.  I'm amazed that I cant get a hot dog as good in Toronto or Vancouver.
3	What the heck happened? Okay, this was never really gourmet food in the first place, but the hog dogs were always well prepared and the fries, soggy but aceptable. Now the fries aren't soggy anymore, they are undercooked. How disappointing. So still a good reliable for a hot dog in the wee hours and a can of black cherry, but remember to ask them to properly cook the fries!
4	This is the type of place where you should eat poutine. Just a counter, kind of seedy and near a few strip clubs.
1	Went to use the ATM at this DUMP.. (falls very short of being called an establishment). Mind you, I asked to use the bathroom & was told NO! The bathrooms are for paying customer's only! What about the fact the ATM machine was charging me a, $3.50 surcharge?! Needless to say, the cashier & cook SCREAMED at me when I preceded to walk to the ATM machine, thinking I was going to use the bathroom, OMG!  The workers were extremely Scarey and UNPROFESSIONAL!!  Don't waste your time at this joint.. workers were: rude, obnoxious, angry and not very welcoming! Don't even bother with this DUMP!! RUN, FORREST, RUN!!
4	Montreal has a few landmarks and must-see dives and eateries, places which helped put the city on the map, places which defined the city back in the 60's and 70's. Many of them are now long gone (i.e Ben's Deli) but a handful remain, like The Orange Julep, Schwartz's Smoked Meat, and of course The Montreal Pool Room.This is the birthplace of the All-Dressed Steamie. It has changed location, they were at their former digs for almost a hundred years! Even then, it sits literally in the middle of Montreal's red-light district so if colorful characters are your thing, you've hit the jackpot here. If on the other hand, sketchy-but harmless characters freak you out too much, don't bother and go hang out at your local mall instead.Former Quebec Premier Robert Bourassa used to come here all the time for his hot dogs (the Premier of Quebec's office is in the Hydro Quebec building) which apparently Pierre Elliott Trudeau used to make fun of him for...until he started going there himself! People usually come here after a night of clubbing or drinking since it's not too far from the Gay Village and the staff here have always been super laid-back and chill.
4	Steamed hot dogs (wild pause) sound pretty gross but they were actually good.  The poutine was on point, then again it was 2:30 AM so my judgement could be off. Saw some wack hookers hanging outside.
5	Experience the real life of Montreal! A seedy location, surrounded by everything not good in life and the food is not really good for you too but ohhh the taste... ohhh sooo good, simply the best in the world. I'm the third generation in my family to eat here and I am proud to carry on the tradition.  Ask for two steamies all dressed and a bottle of spruce beer, a small fries and sit back and enjoy! Plenty of famous people and politicians have eaten here over the century including the Village People in their hay day. It is not a trip to Montreal without a stop here at least once.  Be careful, you may become addicted.
4	VIBEIt's dirty. It's divey. It's steamies. What else do you expect? There is an impressive collection of Montreal maps on the wall. The servers look like they hate their jobs and everyone in the joint is drunk. There's a huge communal table in the back. Heaven.  I mean what more is there to love? I ATE Steamies. Duhh. La Traite was closed so we sauntered over here and wow, it did not disappoint! They put way too much onion/chopped cabbage on the dog but  for $1.35 what is there to complain about? Also, I'm curious as to the markup. If a pack of hot dogs is about $1.00 and they're charging you $1.35 per dog how much profit are they making? Why does this feel like Grade 7 math?PS they charge $1.95 at La Traite so what is the difference in profit margins there? OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK How did I never not know what a steamie was? Is this what I've been missing all of my life?
4	They serve great poutine and steamed dogs; can't get much more straightforward than that. Both are tasty (and filling), and you'll be glad you ventured in. This is a place I'll be visiting every time I visit Montreal!
2	Was frolicking around Place d'arts and of course we were hungry so I pulled out my handy yelp app, saw the high ratings for this establishment, and decided to take a gamble. Don't get me wrong, I love whole in the wall food, it's the best kind, but this place was just less than mediocre.The servers were less than happy, and weren't very nice, the fries were okay, the burger was pretty simple, but slightly undercooked. We tried two different types of poutine and were less than thrilled, the quality was pretty low, and one person in our party didn't feel good after eating the food. Not sure where all these high reviews are coming in, but if I were you, I would skip this place, and keep moving, unless you are maybe drunk, high or in some other altered state.After looking at the reviews, maybe I should have tried a Steamie, or a hot dog, maybe I just did it all wrong, but my experience was less than satisfactory. Plus side, it was fairly cheap for 4 of us to grab some quick food on our trek around town, and the place was grimey for a classy New Yorker, but alright for a cool hipster if you follow my thoughts. Overall gripe: just didn't get a great vibe from the place, and the 4 star and 5 star reviews seem a bit excessive for this cheap fast food joint.
4	Great for Poutine and some montreal-style all-dressed hotdogs.  The place is apparently historical gem and it was very reminiscent of la belle province which is only across the street.  Highly recommended for their scrumptious cheese curds and consistent flavours all day long - I recommend combo #4.
3	What a dive! Had to stop in here for a late-night snack. Poutine had delicious curds but the fries could've been crisper. Had some steamies all-dressed (this may be the birthplace of the dish!), bun melted in my mouth, enjoyed the topping combo but found the slaw a bit too sugary. Cheap, fast, open late and worth the stop for the historical factor alone.
