2	Brought to you by the contractors that run the dining hall and Starbucks on the ASU downtown campus, Aramark.  Apparently they are also open until 1am 6 days a week too....hummm.....Stopping in on my way home from work hoping to find some veggies.  On first glance through the place I was excited, thinking, "cool my own salad bar near home." Then as I  took a closer look...the quality of said veggies, well that was another story.The employees probably never eat salad or veggies by the look of the dry wilted zucchini, cucumbers, celery, carrots, bok choy...To their credit the main piles of spinach, romaine and mixed greens were fresh.  The side salads looked like they had been sitting out all day as did the dressings.  Either cover the items, take the time to stir the salads/dressings, or put out less and replenish frequently.  All of this could be resolved with a swift kick to the ass of some obviously lazy employees. I wanted to take my salad to go and they charge by weight but I was not given a to go container.   I was told to use a plate, put it all together and then I had to dump it in to a container after it was weighed.  HUH?!  These plates are huge and plastic, and I doubt that they tare out the weight of the plate.  I didn't get a whole lot of salad considering the quality of the toppings and it came to $9.  WTF?! I can get the whole kit and caboodle at Souper Salad or even Sweet Tomato for that price (or less).  I rarely even pay that price at Whole Foods when carrying out a salad there.  No wonder this place was empty....I wish this place was better....
2	This place does not impress... but I wish that it did! Sometimes all I want is a salad, but not a $15 one that I have to put together myself. The meat looks... weird. It's always empty. I would rather get a snack at Starbucks next door. I agree with the other review that the quality is not that great.
1	Just the worst! Incoming freshman you are better off ordering a pizza or heading to hooters, hipotle, five guys or cafe Roma after the dining hall closes :P
