5	I finally found a terrific pie place in Montreal!I was just browsing the Decouvrir Verdun facebook page when PiesAnna caught my eye. I knew right away the name was a wordplay on "paesana" the Italian word for friendship and warmth. After looking at the website as saw the following pies available, I knew I had to go check it out for myself:Apple, Apple Cranberry Crumb, Apple Crumble, Apple Rhubarb, Apricot, Banana Cream, Blackberry, Blueberry, Bumbleberry, Butterscotch, Cantaloup, Cheesecake, Cherry, Cherry Rhubarb, Chocolate Fudge, Chocolate Cream, Coconut Cream, Custard, Key lime, Kiwi, Lemon Meringue, Mango Cream, Orange Meringue, Peach, Pear, Pineapple, Pumpkin, Raisin, Raspberry Mousse, Rhubarb, Squash, Strawberry, Strawberry Cream, Strawberry Rhubarb, Sugar, Sweet Potato, Very BerryI mean I've never even heard of Pineapple Pie or Cantaloup Pie. And then to see stuff like Mango Cream, Orange Meringue, Butterscotch and Chocolate Fudge too!Thankfully this is walking distance from my place so I moseyed on over to see all this goodness first hand.From the outside, it's nothing remarkable. Pies Anna took over an old pizza joint and you can tell they are just starting out. Then you see the fridge full of pies.They sell them here by the slice or whole as well as pies for people with diabetes and they guarantee no pies come into contact with peanuts so people with allergies have no excuse now to not eat dessert! When I went in to buy a whole pie, all they had was apple. So I asked how it works, how long do placing orders take, a day or 2 maybe?Answer: 2 hoursWhat? 2 hours!So I placed an order for a sweet potato pie, asked if I had to pay now, they said you only pay when you pick up, so I went and ran some errands and came back and my pie was waiting for me, still oven-warm and packed up and ready to go.I also want to add, the people here are very, very nice and the place even bare, has a homey feel to it, like their webpage. I saw them chatting with their friends and they serve breakfast, lunch and dinner here too, all priced very reasonably. When I walked out I saw someone eating a plate of spaghetti and probably the hugest meatballs I've seen in a while.They told me they're already swamped with orders for the holidays but I'm sure they'll try their hardest to accommodate your orders. With home made pies going from between $7-$10, you can't go wrong here!
4	PIE-YIYI Delicious!!!!My first excursion with fellow Yelper and we first came to pick up Pie because they closed earlier than our dinner place, and I am super super happy we did so. When it comes to making a decision about which pie to get when presented with choice, we realized that we should just go with a slice of each (oh yes we did)We chose:2 slices of their strawberry cheesecake pie2 slices of pumpkin1 slice of blueberry1 slice of appleHere's what we know (Anna herself told us about her pies):- No preservatives- Real Fruit- No canned crap- FreshOn the plus side, quick customization of your pie! No need for a day of turnaround, place your pie order in and 2 hours later you get fresh pie!!Personally, I think of all the pies I tried, her strawberry cheesecake was heavenly. It literally made my night!!! (and the next days).  It's not dense, it's a nice light pie, with delicious graham cracker pie crust (attention crust lovers, she goes all out on this) and the part that made me love it more is tying it in with a bit of salt! Which I personally love (we're not talking like salted like savoury) Trust me, get this, I don't even usually like fruit sauce on my cheesecake, and now this will become a definite!!! Blueberry was good because you can tell its made from real blueberries! Pumpkin was lightly spiced, I personally like a good spicy pumpkin pie, but hers was really good because it was smooth and a good taste of pumpkin. I always love apple, but it's nice cause she lets each pie's fruit speak for itself.Now presentation wise, you don't get that whole, "omg I bought this from a 5 star bakery and its so pretty I dont want to eat it," but for the taste and the price, and knowing its the closest non-manufactured pie you can get to pulling it out of your own oven, it's amazing.So Pie-people, go get some, its worth it, and it's my new pie place to go!
5	I've now had their Sweet Potato, Strawberry Cheesecake, Pumpkin, Cherry, Apple and Lemon Meringue pies and all of them were excellent. Nothing fancy, just your basic tasty home made pie.Still need to try: Chocolate Cream, Banana Cream, Orange Meringue, Coconut Cream, Custard and Key Lime!
4	Howdy!PiesAnna is an awesome restaurant. Not only are the pies delicious, but the other food that they make is great as well
