1	Stood in line waiting for the only sandwich maker to finish helping the woman in line ahead of us. This gave me enough time to notice the horrifically disgusting method of curl-wrapping the sandwich around itself and cleaning off the mayo knife on the paper used to wrap the sandwich. It killed my appetite just watching it, and we left to check out somehere else.I hardly see how a donut case coincides with eating fresh, I guess unless they've been freshly fried...  :-/
1	Sometimes I want a fixin for a cheap sub so I went in and the girl tells me they are out of wheat bread, bummer. So I opted for the flatbread with chicken and provolone. When I got home, I started to smash and almost broke my tooth on the rock hard bread! Wont be going back there anytime soon.
2	Place was dirty.. Table, floors, counters, drink station.The place is small and very crowded. They need to tint the store front windows or put shades. The sun beats in on the south facing windows. The donuts that are baking in the glass case as you walk in don't make the place any more appealing.Won't return to this location.
1	I'm trying to watch what I eat, so instead of pulling into the Wendy's drive-thru my friends and I opted to eat fresh.  It was right before close so we had made it in during that last hour rush.  There was only one guy working the night shift.  I couldn't help but notice the conversation the employer was carrying on with the customers.  I guess about 10 minutes before we arrived some guys did a run out without paying and the cashier kept saying he was "Robbed".  Yea, I know... Just because its sandwiches that they took doesn't make it any less of a crime, but cum'on I just wanted him to stop talking over the food while he was making our sandwiches!!!Anyway, we finally got our food and was out 30 minutes later.  That was the longest ear and mouthful Subway experience I'd ever experienced.
1	Do not give this Subway store any business.  On Sunday night, January 12, 2014 at 8:50 pm, I went to this Subway and was chased out of the store and verbally threatened and nearly assaulted by a worker there who was or maybe was the manager or the owner's son. It was because they did not have a certain kind of bread. He gave a smart ass remark about why they were out and I told him I was taking my business elsewhere. After an exchange of words, the worker chased me outside screaming and threatening to kick my ass all while his father stood in front of the store and did nothing. I called 911 and he continued to chase me, yelling and threatening to assault me. I had to go to the Albertson's across parking lot until the cops showed up. Worst experience ever in my life as a customer anywhere! Do Not Give this place your business!!!!
4	The employees were very nice and had great customer service, the food wasn't 5 star restaurant but it was good. The actual lobby was clean well kept too.
