3	Decent location for JcPenney, and the photo place inside isn't bad either.  Merchandise is normally kept fairly organized, lines aren't too bad, and it's easily accessible from numerous entrances.
4	We went here for our family photographs this year.  Very happy with the photographer and the available photo package options.  A very nice studio with friendly people.Only way this could get to five stars would be to have them re-price the photo cd to a more reasonable price.  I found the charge for a photo-cd to be insultingly high and out of touch with the digital world.
4	This review is on the portrait studio only though I am a fan of this particular JCPenney store. It had been YEARS since we've done a professional family portrait for Christmas so with Groupon offering such an amazing deal, I couldn't pass it up. The studio waiting area is fairly roomy considering the amount of people packed in bright and early on Black Saturday. The employees were all friendly and cheerful. We were taken right on time for our photos. Our photographer was EXCELLENT. She asked great questions about what we were looking for in background, poses, and "theme". She had a way with the kids and got the baby to smile every single time. Our pictures looked great. The young man helping me select our portraits for our package was helpful, patient, and gave great suggestions without being pushy. He didn't try to get me to buy more than I was comfortable with and he was very patient while I picked out our photos. Our photos were ready about a week later and pick up was easy and pain-free.The only reason this isn't a 5 star review is because this studio is EXPENSIVE. Had I not had a Groupon, our bill would have easily been over $400 on portraits and still wouldn't have gotten the photo CD as that was even pricier. Even with the Groupon I still spent $160 on my own. All in all this was an excellent experience and I will definitely consider JCPenney Portrait Studio again in the future, but I admit that I might balk a little simply because of the price.
2	I don't know what's happened to this particular store over the last couple months, but I can tell you this place is a mixed bag.  Some shopping experiences leave you with a positive impression, and some leave you wanting to run for the exit.  This store isn't awful, but recently, it's been a challenge shopping here.It seems like there's a malaise hovering over the store.  Some employees are helpful, some ignore us, but we rarely get much in the way of genuine friendliness.  It used to be better, but since summer started, each time we go it seems to be a hassle.Our last trip was to return a broken watch from a recent purchase at another Penney's, and that would have been more pleasant if we were waited on promptly in the jewelry department.  When we finally did get helped by Yon (Yoh?), she made it a point to tell us she was with other people and that's why she didn't acknowledge us earlier.  The jewelry counter wasn't busy, so we were confused by the lack of service, and thought it was tacky she pointed out to us how we interrupted her other customers.  We had our receipt with us, which made the return easier, but we got grilled about how the watch broke (the casing wasn't properly drilled for the strap pin, which caused the watch to pop off when stressed).  She seemed to get surlier during the transaction, so I left to go wander the Sephora department.While the girls visited "their" section downstairs, and I went upstairs to shop in Men's.  I got sidetracked and went over to the catalog order desk area, which is now luggage.  I wonder how people get their orders now, since there's no place to pick up stuff you order on-line.  On a side note, their luggage selection is almost as good as the selection across the street at the Penney's Home store.  In my entire tie roaming around upstairs, I wasn't approached by a single employee.Another side note: We love the addition of the Sephora - it's a nice way to bring back cosmetics into Penney's.  The people there are super-nice, and they genuinely believe in the products. Sure, it's a premium brand offering, but with the sales they run, we spend carefully to get better products.Bottom line:  Can't wait for school to start again so the real employees get more hours, and we get the attention we deserve.  Oh, and it would be nice to see some changes to the friendliness level of this store.
2	JC Penny pricing is very deceiving these days due to rebranding. Bought something and they had 3 different price written over the stack...When scanned, it was the highest price...Avoid JC Penny until they figure it out
2	This review is strictly for the portrait studio. One word..CHAOS.I received a gift session and I was more than happy to get my daughter's first Christmas cards done. It was a mad house from the second we stepped into the studio.I understand it's the holiday season; I get it..really I do. But booking a session at a certain time, should fall within that time-give or take 10-15 minutes. NOT 90 minutes after that time.I had a 5 month old infant with me..and lets say she wasn't happy sitting around, waiting for 90 minutes, to get a very sour, overworked, and probably really tired photographer.No guidance, no instruction or attempts by this person to work with my kid. Plop child on this dot, snap picture. Yes my daughter was fussy..but YOU guys were late..what happens? I ask if I can feed her, only to learn, that our slot has been taken and we have to wait again. WHAT?!Now, our second photographer was a thousand times better which is why I added another star. He really did all he could to get our daughter to smile without seeming angry or bored, or upset. But like I said, 90 minutes with a child waiting, and your not going to get a happy baby in pictures. The person who then tries to pick poses and templates with you was just not...professional. She was suggesting the most horrid pictures possible. Nightmare!I stuck around because it was a gift, and I was not going to be ungrateful, but I will not be using this studio ever again.
1	I used to like shopping here. I don't like the NEW JCPENNY, it's confusing shopping in their store. Not a fan of the new style and merchandising. I can't even tell the employees from other customers, they are dressed so casual, I don't remember seeing a name tag to at least know that they work there.
4	I just bought a home in the Phoenix area.  Naturally, some new home items are needed.  We visited the JC Penny Home store at Bell and 83 Ave.three times in the last few weeks.  Each time we were helped by a very friendly staff person.  They steered us in the right way.We even purchased a wrong item and had a very easy return process.Our only complaint is that they did not have enough stock in the  sheets that we were interested in.  They were not on sale or close out, so we were surprised there were no queen sized bed sheets available.  This happened with a few different styles we were looking at. they even checked online and still could not accomodate us.  We will return in the future for other needs.
1	This is about the portrait studio inside JC Penny at the Arrowhead location. One word comes to mind about my experience with the staff there: HORRIBLE. Each staff member I came in contact with was so rude and condescending. They were running so behind, we waited 45 minutes to even get into the room to do the pics. The lady who checked us in and talked to us about what we wanted was so rude, cutting me short on ideas and acting as tho we weren't worth the time. The photographer was such a B****. She did not listen to anything we wanted and treated my 3 month old as a nuisance. The pics were just about my daughter but she turned to me looked me up and down, said "Nevermind" then turned to my husband and asked him to get into the pics with our daughter. RUDE. She took a total of 8 pictured before the other photographer rushed in and started to hurry us out. I will never go back here.
1	If I could give negative stars I would! This is my very first review and I only write it because my experience was truly that bad....I am only speaking about the portrait studio.   We made an appointment to have my daughter's pictures taken with my son and nephews I told the lady the exact pose I wanted and she must have been in a hurry because she snapped 8 pictures as quickly as she could and didn't even care if the kids had their eyes closed.   When we were ready to view our pictures they were all horrible everyone with closed eyes not a single good picture.   The whole point of professional photos is to make sure you get good shots!! I will never never never go back
4	Penney's has good deals again now that Ron Johnson isn't the CEO anymore and they've brought back coupons and sales :)
3	A decent spot for the chain with plenty of good finds to be had if you are willing to look for them. The overall feel was a little chaotic with some of the racks being a complete mix of sizes and styles despite the sizing clips on the rack itself, which were pretty useless. On the flip side, we were able to locate several pairs of decently priced things throughout the men's section.The staff was helpful when approached, but left us to shop otherwise. Overall: BThere are some deals to be found if you are willing to do some rack searching.
2	Photography~ Pictures take almost 2 weeks to arrive for cd/pictures. Not able to view pics on iPhone/iPad. Good grief!
