5	First of all, I can't believe this place hadn't been reviewed until a month ago. It is one of the best-looking salons I've ever seen, and from what I can tell from one visit, the people who work there are true professionals. It's located in a random strip mall (although I guess everything in Mesa is...), but the location may prevent people from realizing what a gem lies inside the front doors. The place is shabby chic to the max, with every little detail--from gorgeous chandeliers to antiqued cabinets--clearly thought out. There's no denying that the place has personality, and in this day and age, when pretty much every salon has the same Ikea couch, I can definitely appreciate it. The reason I chose this place initially was because I had originally seen my stylist, Hayley, at Dizin Salon in Tempe, which closed back in January. My waxer, Stephanie, had also worked at Dizin, and I followed her to Alix James in Tempe, so I figured why not continue to be a client for Hayley as well? Well, it was a good choice on my part, because she did just as great of a job on my cut and highlights as she did back at Dizin and her pricing was very reasonable. Good places are worth the drive, and I will definitely make the drive out again to Mesa to see Hayley at Habit.
4	It's a drive to Habit Salon but since I've developed a habit of following an awesome stylist like Hayley formerly of Dizin Salon (now closed) in Tempe, it makes sense to why this place has grown on me. The salon has a cozy feel to it, it's not that big and when there are lots of clients mixed with the stylists and their assistants it can get crazy busy and packed. I like the decor because it has this eclectic thing going with the different chandeliers and knick knacks spread around the salon as well a ceiling trim. It's quite interesting to say the least. The waiting area is just a hodge podge of differents couches and chairs, and they have like jars of candy by the cashier desk and on the divider between the waiting area and a set of stylist' stations. So, I go to Habit simply because of Hayley who I will recommend to anyone because she's simply a sweetheart, flexible with her schedule and always willing to work with her client, oh and her prices are reasonable to say the least. So if you were to check out Habit, say you'd like to work with Hayley!
5	Hollie has got to be the best hair stylist in the world! She really does know what she is doing. I have been going to her for about 10 years now and I don't think anyone knows their stuff as well as she does. She is so personable and fun to talk with and she is the BEST at doing hair! She is so talented and I have never been disappointed. I am constantly referring people to her and they all love her! Go see Hollie at Habit! She is amazing!!
5	I've been getting my hair done by Hollie for a long time now and let me tell you, she's amazing!! She has so many unique styles of doing hair that are hard to come by such as bolyage, the ombre technique, and she also does Brazilian Blowout. I have never left disappointed and always get compliments on my hair cut, color, everything, (even if it's been 8 weeks and I'm due in for another visit). I swear by Hollie. I'm telling you, you will not leave unhappy. She is so confident and amazing!!! Call her today! 480-370-0170
5	Kate- I'm sorry Hollie hasn't called you back yet. She actually is moving out of state if she hasn't already. I've worked at Habit Salon for 4 years, and I know we mostly use our cell phones for appointments. If a call goes through the main salon line, it does take a while for the stylists to get their messages. If you need a stylist, you can message me and I can find someone who would be glad to take care of you. (I live in Colorado and work there every 6 weeks, or else I would offer).
2	The people at Habitat Salon are very nice, they call you by name and they frequently check in.  The salon itself is "shabby-chique" adorable and very clean. They also give a head shampoo to die for.  I liked the way my hair cut and highlights turned out and was pleased with the overall experience. But if you go there, be prepared to have your hair literally ripped out.  The hair stylists and their assistants did not bother being gentle.  They ripped tangles apart with their fingers and pulled a brush though my wet hair so roughly it felt like torture. They used a total of 4 hair brushes on my head and by the end they were all FULL of my hair.  And my scalp has been sore for hours after getting my hair done there.  I probably would never go back, which is too bad because other than the brutal hair brushing I really liked the salon and staff.
5	The only reason I go to this salon is to see Hayley.  I have been going to her for years and followed her from another salon where she used to work at.  The salon itself is located in a nondescript strip mall next to Name Brand Exchange.  The decor is shabby chic and very cozy feeling.
2	I look awful! She cut about 3 inches shorter than I wanted. And gave ms bangs that I didn't want! It will be a long few months growing this mess out! Soooo mad at myself for reading reviews and going to this salon. It was a joke!
