3	I pop in here to grab a quick sandwich every once in a blue moon.  The restaurant is usually clean (tables, floors) and the staff is friendly.  We stopped in today and I had 12" roast beef and cheddar with a cup of clam chowder for my side.  The old lady (hahaha) had a chicken salad sandwich with a cup of gumbo as her side.  We both had drinks as well which brought the grand total to $24.  I thought that was a bit pricey for what we got albeit what we had was good.I give them 3 stars mostly on price/value.
4	This is a nice location with plenty of seating.Located at the four corners in Ballantyne in the Helen Adams Realty Corner of the Quad, it is directly across the parking lot from Harris Teeter.Serving a variety of sandwiches, salads and spuds, you can even choose two smaller sides as a meal for a great price.Service is quick, friendly, and the establishment has always been clean.This is a regular spot when we are looking for a quick, somewhat healthy meal.NCFoodGuy
5	Good food and location, the most pleasant staff, clean, cheery and quick on the refills.  Delightful!
4	This location is convenient to my work and home, so from time to time I stop in for lunch.  The service is usually pretty quick here. I like the selection here and the food is always tasty.
4	We just relocated to the area, and Siri sent me here for sandwiches on our first day. A great find! Leaps and bounds better than Panera Bread. The staff are SO friendly, the prices are comparable to other similar places. All fresh ingredients, and I like the multiple choice of sides. We liked it so much we went back again yesterday, and had a similar positive experience. I have a feeling we'll be regulars!
1	Really disappointed with this location.  I called in an order to go which seemed to take forever.  Asked for the california classic which he told me they don't have even though I get it twice a week during lunch in the Matthews location.  I asked for no tomatoes and the fat free peach dressing and ordered the veggie sandwich.  I paid for my order and sat for 20 minutes until the manager looked at me after looking aggravated and looked into where my food had been.  The restaurant was not crowded what so ever- an off time around 2:30 but plenty of employees.  The two guys in the kitchen seemed more concerned with cracking jokes then getting orders out.  The manager brings me my food to tell me it had been sitting there and they didn't know I was there.  Left in disgust without checking my order to find there is tomatoes and a ranch dressing.  Noticeable dust and dirt near the bench I sat to wait for my incorrect order.
4	Love it, had it today the chicken tortilla soup in a bread bowl was amazing, plus the people were so nice and pleasant. Defiantly loved this location too!
3	No one was in the place and they're still slow.  Food was okay...
3	McAlisters has a lot of competition when it comes to this "deli" type food. They tend to run in the middle of the road in quality and price. The cashier was patient with me while I made up my mind to get the tortilla soup and a cheese baked potato. The food came quickly and the potato was good. The soup I could have done without. The chicken tortilla soup I guess had chicken? It was also a thick soup and I prefer my tortilla soup to be thin broth.  Overall a quick bite when you need it.
5	McAllister's is always a great standby when you need a break from cooking. I've always been pleased with the food and the service.  Always clean if you decide to dine in.
