3	Way overpriced for a haircut joint. I had a coupon for $10 which is about all a haircut is worth here. The extra $7 gets your head shampooed and a hot towel on your face. Since this place touts that they have female stylist's, I might as well comment that Jessica looked good in her tights (but she has a BF) and did maintain a conversation for most of the trim. I don't think either girl cutting hair was over 22 years old and that is just not enough experience in my book. She never heard of the word tapered before. This is another chain that expanded too fast.
4	I somehow manage to always when I'm in town need a haircut and stop by this convenient location. Great place since you can wait and watch some sports!!
4	Got a good hair cut at a fair price. They have TVs where you can easily watch while they are working which is nice. I will be back for sure!
5	Ask for Roxana - she's the best! I've been taking my son here for the past year and he loves it. We've tried a few stylists, but Roxana is always consistent in the quality of her cuts, super friendly and always happy. The MVP option makes my little man feel special and he feels so comfortable, he can't help but be a chatterbox. It's great to have a stylist that can carry a conversation with a 7 year old. Big thumbs ups!!!
4	I have come in here more times than I can remember now. So they must be doing something right. I come in for a quick haircut at a low price. I always get a coupon, because, they send them out in the mail, which is good.The place is clean, and you do not need an Appt.I always like the job they do. But, if you do not have a coupon or it is on special it could be a little higher than I like to pay.
3	The waiting room was freezing! That's my only real comment. I was waiting for my boyfriend while he got his haircut. He said he liked the hair stylist. She did a good job on his hair and told him about a product that could help soften his facial hair. He was interested. I know their customer is more a male demographic so it wasn't really a place I would go without my boyfriend or a male relative. I wasn't in love with their uniforms. It seemed like every girl was dressed different and they looked unorganized. It didn't seem great for branding and consistency, like normal chain establishments. I'm sure my boyfriend will return, I just happened to be with him and he was looking a bit too scruffy so I tagged along on his haircut.
5	Everyone is always friendly. Ive been numerous times now and never gotten a bad haircut. Very convenient to get food next door while you wait also
5	Everyone is always friendly and professional. The haircuts have always been great. They have many stylists so the wait time is never too bad either. I haven't gone any where else since the first cut I got here. Cheers!
1	Walked in right at 6:00 - closing time. Was denied a haircut. I understand they need to close, but it seems like poor service to turn away a paying customer. Won't be back
1	It pains me to write a negative review - I always get the most expensive haircut here, and then always leave a big tip, and I liked them - been coming here for years. Then they switched from paper based reward system to computer (good), and they asked me for my cards to put on the computer last time I was in (good), but then none of my six "Stars" made it to the online system.Sp...I stopped in once, and they promised they'd check into it and call back. Nothing. I called and left a message, and was promised they'd look into it and call back. Nothing. I emailed them and waited for a reply. Nothing. Its just a shame - to treat, and lose, a customer over something so easily fixed as a free haircut (six "rewards stars").
5	Went here today as hair was annoying me lol, and we have this chain in my home area, so walked in and had a girl take me in right away, Gina if I remember her nae right was very friendly and good at what she did, and I got the MVP here and was very impressed with this cut, Next time Im in the Phoenix area and need a haircut, I would probably go to this location.
