4	Pretty damn good Thai food.Surprisingly, this place has good food.  I say surprisingly because it's in a strip mall with a Basha's anchor on the corner of Baseline/Greenfield.  In fact, I've driven by it for over 4 years and never noticed it.  Actually, the ONLY reason I noticed it was because from the street, I thought the sign said "Boba Tea" not "Bola Thai".  My initial experience with this place was not pleasant based solely on the fact that I rushed over to check it out, thinking it was Boba and when I found out it wasn't, I got pissed and held it against them and refused to eat there.  haha.  Well, my temper tantrum finally ended and tried it.What an idiot I am for not eating there sooner, Boba or no Boba.  You walk up and order at the counter, then they bring the food to you.  Their menu is a little weird in the sense that they don't have a lot of items, and do not have the typical Thai dishes.... BUT, they can and will make anything for you.  We had the Laarb (not on menu) and Drunken Noodles, both were delicious.  They've got real Thais working and cooking in the back and the taste shows they know what they are doing.  I saw an old Thai lady in the back with her mortar and pestle making curry. Two dishes cost us $16.00, not super cheap, but not bad and because you order at the counter, I didn't feel compelled to leave a tip.OH.. yeah, just a warning, their food is spicy.  I know you're thinking, "no duh dude, it's Thai" but what I mean is their scale seems a little hotter than other scales... they do a 1-4.  I usually like my food spicy, sometimes even order it "Thai spicy".  This time I went 3 and it was almost too spicy to enjoy.  Almost.  :)  Just a warning.The decor is nothing to get excited about, but really, who cares.  My only complaint is the lady at the counter didn't smile, or seem friendly.... but I did notice she was friendly with what seemed like "regulars" who were also dining there, so I'm sure it's nothing personal, just her personality until she gets familiar with you.  Whatever, I just needed something to complain about.If you ever, for some odd reason, find yourself on this side of town, stop in for some noodles or curry, you will not be disappointed!
1	Going off the single reviewer here, I thought it would be nice to check out this place and see if really was ALL THAT...No, it wasn't. As the other reviewer noted, the interior isn't fancy but that's fine because in Thailand many of the dining establishments just have a few pictures of their king and queen on the wall and that's it. I was just in Thailand earlier this month and thought this would be a pleasant place to eat to remind me of the great food I had there. Sadly, I was disappointed.  The food was bland, the chicken overcooked, and the "pad Thai" noodles didn't taste anything like normal pad Thai noodles that I tried in Thailand or here. In fact, they tasted like Chinese pan fried fat noodles. I don't have anything against Chinese pan fried fat noodles but if I wanted that, I would have gone elsewhere.There are too many other Thai places to try in Mesa/Gilbert to waste your time/money here.  Especially when they close at 8:30pm and charge you an extra 92 cents for an extra bowl of rice. If the owner of the restaurant reads this,  take note - rice isn't a huge cost when measuring on a per customer basis and you're already charging the customer a premium for the bland curry you're serving so follow suit with other Asian restaurants and just offer more rice instead of nickel and diming your customers.
4	I love the food here. The place is clean and simple. Whenever I call in (we only do 'take out' here) there are people eating inside. Shows me that people like it here. The place is small, a tiny 'hole in the wall' type place, but GREAT. I do agree with one other reviewer though. The owner does over charge for things like soda, drink refills, bowls of rice.Otherwise, ENJOY!
3	I used to come here regularly for pick-ups when I lived in the area...and have always found the food good, the lady behind the counter unfriendly, the decor an eyesore (one of the reasons why I never ate in) and the harsh florescent lighting makes the surrounding even more unpleasant.We've tried numerous items on their menu and have always gone back for the bbq chicken, the pad see yew and the red curry.  The food is consistently good and the service consistently poor.  If only they would change a few minor things (like their lighting & attitude) they could have a very successful restaurant.
