4	I love J Crew & wish I could afford their prices.  I especially adore the men's clothing offerings for my boyfriend. The store is clean, neat & well organized.  But beware; pretty much at any time they are always busy, which means you may have to wait in line a while to make your purchase.Prices are a bit steep & they rarely have any huge sales.  The employees are "so-so" - to me they aren't overly friendly, but not cold either.  A plus here is they have a bridal option, but it's by appointment only.
5	I love it! Sarah is the best personal shopper who not only helps with shopping in the store, but assists with clothes offered in the catalogue only, and offers free shipping. Love the clothes, service, and attention every time I shop.
3	Stephen's witty review epitomizes this J Crew location well and correct. I couldn't have said it better myself. Demographics: This location is too popular, you see teenager and college students coming here and wealthy stay at home moms. Style: I would consider myself to be the pretty clean-cut preppy type for clothing but at times, this store is too preppy even for my taste. Not to the point of Vineyard Vines and Lilly Pulitzers, but it gets close. Why would I want to wear loafers with a linen skirt? This is how they style their clothes in their magazine. Or a gold sparkly belt over my jeans? Price: With that aside, I have been shopping at this location for quite some time now, and over the years their sales keeps getting worse...I am starting to get the anthropologie scenario here, where even their sale items, are not affordable. What is worse is, I have always been able to get my 15% student discount on my sale purchases but a couple times I was denied of my discount...Oh, over the years, J crew's quality also dropped. The fit of their clothes are not as tailored and the material and needle work is not as precise. So I am pretty much paying more for less...However, I still come here, with the hope that maybe there will be something chic and affordable at the sale racks. J crew has the prettiest flats and heels, but they are so uncomfortable, reminds me of the Tory Burch experience. I get cuts from my $179 patent flats..Service: Some of the staffs here are snobby, just like the shoppers. Verdict: J crew is the place to go if you want basic items that are colorful. By no means is J Crew your place if you are looking for designer chic styles, but they do the classic styles pretty darn well.
