5	This is a great little place. Kind if off the beaten path but we'll worth it. The food is great quality and very well priced. Always check the daily specials, everything has been great.
4	Not the most delicious BBQ in the area, but definitely the least expensive. I've had the chicken burrito (added bacon) and the tri-tip burrito. Both were fresh and of decent size. Added a side of garlic bread (tasty, soft and only a dollar) and a slice of chocolate cake (moist, scrumptous and also only a dollar). Needless to say...
4	Quick!  You only have 3 hours a day to enjoy some great BBQ in a very unassuming location.  The hospitality, quality of food, and value is worth the try. Reminds me of the TV series " The Office" if they had a restaurant in their lobby.
1	Friendly staff but Not a fan.  Not sure if food is prepared elsewhere or night before because they microwaved our food.
3	I have really mixed feelings about Cookin On Wood!They cook their meat on wood, on Wood St.  Play on words? I like it already.Daily lunch specials are priced low... when a co-worker and I called to inquire about the pricing of the rest of the menu, we found it suspiciously cheap.  $5 lunch?  I'm still tracking.We pulled up to what looked like an office building in an industrial neighborhood.  We know for sure because it's the neighborhood our office is in.  Inside, there were maybe 3 tables, a refrigerator, a cart with napkins, silverware, etc, and a hostess at a cash register.  Weird, and I felt like we required some instruction, but on we go.After we get our food and pay via Square, we grabbed our BBQ sauce from the cart (one per customer, or add additional sauces for .50 cents), salad dressing from the fridge and headed back to work with a bag packed full of food for under $15.  Feeling pretty good about ourselves.Back at the office, we opened the food and there was a good size burrito, a lot of food in the tri-tip plate dish, and an average quesadilla that included salsa and sour cream... whew!The tri-tip was mine, and it tasted really good.  It was quite tough though.  The ranch beans on the side tasted like chili beans, and I was not a fan.  And my side-salad was super typical, but that's what I like.  I saved half for the next day, and went back to work satisfied.The next day, the leftovers were not good.  I can't seriously dock them for day-old food not tasting great and fresh, but some places (Little Miss!) provide awesome leftovers for later.  The tough meat had not magically gotten tender, and most of the flavor had evaporated.  My plan for next time is to order something else.. maybe a burrito or chicken sandwich.. but I'll definitely try them again because of the super low prices.
5	best BBQ in the valley. tritip is on point. ask for "Ryan" and he'll add dakine special sauce. when you eat it you be like "BONGO!"
