5	Its A great Value  the portions are big and really good  my favorite so far is  Quesadilla Mexicaly with chicken and spinach and the burrito San Luis of course the table side guacamole is the best I ever had Im so coming back to check out the premium Margaritas
3	Table-side guacamole was good.  The cart that was used could be a little nicer, though.The lobster enchiladas were good.The 9,00 margarita was not good.  I'd still go back, just won't order a cocktail.
4	Table-side guacamole making was very good.  Nothing like watching fresh items being prepared.  Food was tasty and service was quick.  Salsa was a little spicy, just like it should be.
3	I went to this restaurant to have lunch with a coworker.  The people were very polite.  The guacamole cart was wonderful, and the guacamole was so fresh.  I had the grilled talapia tacos and was pleased with the flavor.  I suspect the chips were not made in house.  I think I will probably go back.
4	Most people can't resist the allure of cheap, fast-prepped, heaping piles of food, regardless of quality, and that's what attracts them to Mexican food.  That's what makes me despair for Mexican food.  By contrast, Cocina Real serves a decent variety of dishes with different flavors, and is just darn good food, even if it deviates from the expected combination of: Taco/Enchilada + Salty Rice + Watery Beans.  I can't say that it is the most "authentic" Mexican food, but the cooks here obviously play around with the flavor combinations in a way that rewards the taste-buds of their diners.The tortilla chips are neither greasy nor salty, but coarse in texture, with a bold earthy flavor.  They remind me very much of the El Milagro Totopos tortilla chips sold at local Mexican groceries.  While others are bound to disagree, I think that the salsa at Cocina Real is the hands-down best for the Champaign area.  The tomatoes are pureed into a smooth paste with little pulp, complimented with plenty of red onion and cilantro.  I was impressed by the presence of some heat, which most restaurant salsas avoid.As an additional appetizer, I also tried one of their specialty dips, the guacamole rostizado.  The menu advertises that guacamole will be prepared table-side, but unfortunately we didn't get to watch the complimentary performance (maybe because we were dining at an odd hour?).  Again, I was impressed by some flavors that are usually absent in standard restaurant food; in particular, the addition of lime, which gives the creamy avocado a pleasant freshness.Entrees are decently-priced.  Some run the upper range for Mexican food ($13), but there were also some equally filling dishes around $5.  My friend ordered one of their specialties, the Tacos Azteca.  Wow wow wonderful!  Battered and fried tilapia wrapped in white corn tortillas and served with creamy chipotle sauce?  YES PLEASE.  I ordered the Tamales Poblanos: formidably-large pork tamales smothered in mole sauce.  Tamales?  Flavorful, the meat slightly spicy.  I liked the mole sauce less as it was a little too sweet and gravy-like in substance (but still, they get points in my book for serving mole sauce on the menu).  My dish came with a side of fijoles charros: bean soup with bacon and salted ham.  I would have devoured a pot of those beans alone.Overall, I give this place a high score because, while their flavors are not entirely novel, they still deviate from the standard fare you'd get at other Mexican places in Champaign.  I'm a detail person, and it's those unnecessary, small gestures in food preparation that really hit it home for me.
1	I miss Dos Reales
5	la mejor comida mexicana en CU
5	Excellent new addition to Champaign/Urbana's food scene.  The pollo La Paz was a fantastic dish, he cheese melted on top made it special.The chips and salsa are unique and excellent.I'll be back plenty!
5	Killer guacamole, made fresh at tableside.  Fast, super-friendly service. We'll be back!
4	This was really good.  I wasn't expecting much, but the dishes were unusual and nicely executed and really tasty.  I had their Enchiladas Topicales, and my dining companion had the Relleno  Blanco.  Both were really good!  I eat a lot of Mexican food, but I'd never had anything quite like either dish, but they were both delicious.  I will absolutely be back, even though I live in Chicago and only visit Champaign occasionally.
4	Just walked there after walking across the street from the Hampton Inn.Glad I went there, the food was fairly authentic and tasty.  I got the fajitas for about $11, which included chicken and shrimp.  The salsa was zesty and flavorful.I would recommend it.
3	The food is good. Margarita is good but a bit weak. Getting something better than the house may be different. All together a good experience.
3	not my favorite Mexican place in CU. Chips tasted stale. Salsa was bland. My entree (the first Chicken dish on the menu) was also pretty bland, and my chicken was also pretty dried/overcooked.  There are definitely better places in CU.
3	went for lunch last week and hadn't realized that it was not the old dos. Menu looked fresh, and didn't have the typical 200 entre menu of the other mexican places in town.  The chips were fresh, but are flour-tortilla's, not corn, so they taste different.  Good, but I prefer corn. The salsa tasted fresh and they use all vegetable oil.  Veg options were decent, and not smothered in chihuahua cheese.
4	Mmmmm....fresh, made guacomole right by your table....in Central IL is a real treat.  I don't care if they have a cutting board on top of a shopping cart.  When they cut into that Avacado and mash it up right before my eyes...I'm sold.
5	I almost didn't want to write this review because it seems to be a great hidden gem for Mexican food in CU. Every time I go there, we are seated promptly and it's never overcrowded, which is something I like about the place (if you've ever been to Dos Reales on a Friday night, you know what I mean). Lately, i've noticed it's popularity increasing significantly because there has been a lot more people in there with each trip I make. This leads me to believe that the great food, service and drinks are getting noticed, and I'm really happy about that. I really want this place to do well because it actually is really good.I've been to Dos Reales, El Torro, Mas Amigos, and La Fiesta - and this beats them all. Every time I go, I order something different and have always been satisfied. The portions are good too. The chips and salsa are delicious and everyone at the table gets their own little salsa dish, which I love. The menu has a lot of dishes that you don't usually see, which is fun if you've gotten too familiar with the menus of other places in the area. And the prices are pretty much the same, if not slightly cheaper than other Mexican Restaurants.And if you love Margaritas, then you'll love this place. They are strong, tasty, and thick! I would recommend asking for 2 straws. They are very dense and seem to last forever.Also, the service here is top-notch. The wait staff is always, courteous, polite, and very helpful. And quick! I've never had to wait very long for a waiter, or my food. That may change as this place gets more popular, but I can't say that I would mind anyway. Five stars. My number one choice for Mexican.
4	I hadn't realized Dos Reales had closed the first time I came here.  I was in the mood for cheese smothered goodness, and I quickly realized that was not what I'd be getting.  I was disappointed, and the meal I had ordered wasn't the best, so I didn't really plan on coming back.  The reviews here made me decide to give it another chance.I finally came in for dinner the other night.  It wasn't too crowded, so service was pretty quick.  The food itself was good, but nothing outstanding.  I ordered the enmoladas.  They came with grilled carrots and potatoes, and those were very good, but the rest of the meal was less flavorful than I was hoping.  No major complaints; it just wasn't the best I've had.  Also, they do have a vegetarian section on the menu now, just in case anyone's wondering.I've also stopped in a couple times to just grab a margarita.  The monster margaritas are very reasonably priced, and when you live across the street, it's super convenient.  My advice?  Get the monster margarita on the rocks.  Every now and then I'm in the mood for a flavored, blended margarita, but when you have 42oz of frozen margarita, it's just too much.  Way too much brainfreeze to enjoy an otherwise delicious margarita.Overall, I'd recommend the place if you're in the area looking for non-cheese smothered Mexican.  I'll probably be stopping in a time or two more at least for margaritas.
5	Omg! Wish I had good,cheap,delicious Mexican food like this in Cali..the blanco chilies are off the hook!
