1	I went here on a whim, never having been to a Chili's before. Everything on their menu was pretty much fried and nasty. They cater to the lowest common denominator of food-shoveling American consumers. They might as well add "bowl of ranch dressing" as a side item.I got tacos that tasted like they were rubbed in salt and artichoke dip that came with almost translucently greasy tortilla chips that, like the tacos, burned your mouth with saltiness.What are you trying to do here? You know you can make money by freshly preparing food and letting the actual ingredients show through? Places like this are literally a disrespect to the human race. When you eat at a place like this, you tell restaurant boards that you enjoy having your food microwaved so it comes out fast and piping hot, that you'd rather taste massive amounts of seasonings, mainly salt, than actually taste the food, and that you'd much rather have something wrapped in grease and batter that is bite size and can be crammed in your mouth in quick succession.Stop going to places like this and they'll actually improve their menu and put more emphasis on quality.
2	Clean establishment. Close to work. Ample parking. Good food.  I have just one more criteria for a short lunch during a busy work day and that is good service.  What would have made this a 3 out of 5 star rating for me would have been 'just good service' but our waiter wasn't attentive at all. It took him a good 10 minutes to come to our table to take our order.  Timeliness of our food getting to the table was adequate as the items were hot and fresh. But after he delivered appetizers, he never came back to see if we wanted condiments (we did).  So we did the 'wave and a yoo-hoo' to get his attention.When he served our lunch, he never came back to see if we wanted condiments (we did again) or refills to our drinks and we had to do our 'wave and yoohoo!' again just to get his attention.  The reason I am docking my rating down to 2 stars is because the restaurant wasn't busy! Otherwise, it would be understandable that they might be short staffed and therefore, lacking in service. But this wasn't the case.  Might not go here again for lunch because there are other food places in the same shopping plaza.
2	Lunch with 2 salads took a total of 30 minutes to be served.  They weren't even busy!  Wait staff wasn't great either.
1	Food that's not even fit for a dog.  I set the bar very low when dining at Chili's and I'm never disappointed.  I ordered the steak fajitas which were served with the standard grilled steak , grilled peppers and onions. The flavor was what to be expected not spicy but charred however the steak was mangled as if a dog had first eaten off my plate and I was left with just scraps.  I don't even want to know who Chili's has working the grill...because I would just pity them, that they would even allow food to leave the kitchen that way.
1	It's ok for happy hour.. Food is not that good here yuck
1	I've never been a big fan of Chili's, the saltiest restaurant in the country. This past experience was especially terrible. We were there as a family with 5 people and the service was very sub par. Our food did not come out together and the order was incorrect. Although the servers were friendly, the food was among the worst I have had at a Chili's. Everything was over seasoned and over cooked. At the Waterworks Mall there are several other food choices. I would recommend any of them over this Chili's.
2	I wanted to like this chili's, but i think i give up here.Even though their menu seems fairly large, everything seems to be the same. I can never decide what i want & nothing hardly ever sticks out to me.Also, service is hit or miss. I've had okay service one time but another time was no so good. We had a new server who probably wasn't ready to be out on his own to make a good impression for their restaurant. (I'm only saying this because I've been a server for a few places.. a few more days of following someone, he would've been ready). On our last visit, we sat around for a good 8-10 minutes before our server came over for the 1st time. It might not seem long but the restaurant wasnt busy (our half of the restaurant had a total of 2 other tables) & we didnt even get a quick "be with you in one moment" or anything. Finally, i'm no fan of waiting long for my food, but i should atleast wait long enough to know that it was fresh. We ordered our food, had a quick 2 minute convo, then i used the restroom to washed my hands. On my way out, our food was being brought to our table.hmmmm... i waited longer to be greeted than for my food to come out? Something doesnt seem right. It was hot but i'm a little worried how long it had been sitting under heating lamps :\I'll take my $35+ elsewhere for a decent dinner.
2	It's Chili's which means it tips out at three stars, but in this ones case it is small with slow service. Better to wait in line at Burgatory...
4	Very friendly, very good food and clean. Cheese fries, cheese sticks, quesadillas and pizza were all good. Con. Cold in their they needed to turn heat on.
3	I will begin by saying, it is 2:37 and I am indefinitely stuck at work due to our bi-annual inventory.  Now this already makes me crabby, but as it got late the boss wants to buy everyone lunch.  Great!  Where?  I suggest Chinese...  Five minutes later he comes to me with a takeout menu for Chili's.  I guess I was vetoed by everyone else...  So I picked the spicy shrimp tacos.  It came with 2 sides, black beans and rice. The shrimp tacos were skimpy with the shrimp, and the spice level was more mild than spicy, but the shrimp was cooked ok and my stomach doesn't hurt, so they pass.  The beans and rice are another story.  Really bland, no flavor.  Oh well at least I didn't pay... Well back to work... this is the saddest part of my review...
3	I was missing the Chili's back in Massachusetts where I used to live so I decided to go and see how this certain one was. I was a bit disappointed for sure. I love that the beer comes out in chilled mugs, but they don't have the temperature right here since I got frozen bits at the top of my beer. I also am really missing the awesome blossom and was sad to see that it was not on this menu. My friend and I got the  2 for $20 dinner. I got the margarita chicken which was just meh and my friend got the Cajun chicken pasta, which besides the good chicken, not that great. As an appetizer we got the Texas fries and those were the best thing we had all night. I may come back and get what I used to get back home, the steak fajitas. Maybe.
1	So I decided to try Chili's to go. Big mistake I never write reviews ... I'm very busy with 2 jobs, but I just had to . I ordered quesadilla explosion salad not too difficult.. the serverv brings out my bag folded under  so I figured my food was right ,  I'm in a rush to go I had to wait 15 minutes for it to come... I got home open up my bag and see there's no quesadillas on the salad ... I call chili's management was very rude she said cheese flaps as she called them were only worth a  1.99 and I'm not making you another salad for a 1. 99 worth of food and also I don't have access to any vouchers to send and she hung up on me and would not answer the phone again.... Stay clear of this place they do not remedy their mistakes..  I will not be going back at this location Jan 20th 2014 11 p.m. Management was rude 855 Freeport road waterworks mall... If you do go order in so that they can remedy before you pay...
2	I haven't been back to a Chili's in a long time and when we were given a gift card after moving to Pittsburgh we decided to use it. Their service was really nice, but their food was lacking. My husband and I shared their fajitas for 2 and were given the wrong kind of protein, we asked for pork, chicken, and beef. We were given shrimp instead of chicken so they replaced it with the chicken. The waitress let us have the shrimp, but decided to not eat them since they seemed a little under cooked. Also when our sides to the fajitas were served we noted that the beans were cold, and had to flag down the waitress to heat them up. I will say that their pork was really good as well as their beef, their guacamole was tasty but could use more lime. The ambiance was nice and the place was clean. But overall despite the friendly service, we were not very impressed with their food.
1	Friends don't let friends eat at (most) chain restaurants. I should have known better.My boyfriend and I were super hungry, and we wanted to spend a little time out enjoying the evening. We had a $25 GC for Chili's and thought this to be a good time to use it. (Hey, being broke really sucks!) We walked in and were cheerfully greeted by the hostess. Once we were seated, we waited quite awhile for the server to come and take our drink order. By the time he arrived, we already knew what we wanted. He seemed rushed and impatient. That made me feel anxious and embarrassed, and I don't like that feeling when I am going to eat....or basically ever. We went with the appetizer and two entrees for $20. We chose the onion strings and jalapenos. You can't go wrong with fried onions, right? Wrong. Super wrong. They were really salty and peppery, and it was hard to finish them. In fact, we didn't even get a chance. The waiter took the leftovers without even asking if we were finished! A long long wait went between our appetizer and our entree. We ended up ordering the 5-cheese pizzas. They eventually arrived, and they looked good. They were lukewarm though, and we were missing ranch that we had asked for multiple times. So we waited an eternity to get ranch. This pizza desperately needed the ranch to make it palatable. Seriously. It was that bad. The server kept taking ages to come back and pay attention to our needs. I ordered a Blue Moon, and it took super long for that to come to the table too. I needed a drink after going through what we went through for this meal! Oh, but he didn't even ask to see my I.D. Some people might think that's cool, but I am extremely bothered when I.D. checking is not strongly enforced. I could have easily been an underage girl, in fact, a lot of people think I am! I thought this was extremely irresponsible and dangerous behavior, and it's not something I would expect from ANY establishment! Other complaints include the fact that what is vegetarian and not vegetarian on their menu is rather ambiguous. Did you know that their seasoned tomatoes are seasoned with some kind of animal-protein based seasoning? What is that about? Gross. I really dislike leaving bad reviews, but our experience here was just so awful. I felt bad for the server because he seemed like he was having a hard time, but everything kept getting worse, and it is extremely unacceptable. I will not return to this Chili's, nor will I go to any other Chili's in the future.
4	To everyone bitching about the food, I have to say, it's a chili's. I don't expect top of the line super duper tex mex. But I have been here two times and the service and food have always been good or what I expect. It's a little pricey for what you get but not a rip off. My fajitas where good. I got the trio and it was loaded with all three meats. My girlfriend had the chicken bacon avocado sandwich. She really enjoyed it. My only complaint would be not enough tortillas.
2	Usually the service at Chili's is decent, but today they split the tables and one waitress, our primary waitress, was pretty flat out horrible. The entire night our waitress was simply rude with a poor attitude. Turns out she was a "trainer" for another waitress, and here I was thinking she was the trainee. Ordering a simple salad was a chore because finding out what dressing was vegan was a tall hop, skip and a jump through their staff and ziosk atop the table. They weren't understanding that I couldn't have honey and continued to suggest items containing it. When asking how to navigate the ziosk's dietary restrictions, all I got was hostility. Surprise, when it was time to get the check, she turned the charm on and according to our bill, the sour server was named Becky.
5	Since joining Yelp, I've been asking myself: am I a bad person? It must be true, because I actually sort of really like most chain restaurants.Hmph. Anyway, I was in the mood for steak but didn't want to pay a ridiculous amount, so a friend and I decided on Chili's. Maybe the service is lacking on weekends, but it was great on this Wednesday evening. We actually had 3 different servers checking on us, and hardly had to wait at all for anything.We started with the soft pretzels. I didn't care for the queso but my friend really liked it. I had the sirloin with loaded mashed potatoes and broccoli. The broccoli was a little to salty/seasoned, but I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. Friend had the Cajun Pasta, which was delicious, but came out a little cold.I also had some kind of tropical martini, I think. I can't remember the name, but it was tasty and on the strong side (mmm).We split the Skillet Chocolate Chip Cookie. Amazing.Each table has a ziosk, where you can look at the menu, pay with a card, figure out the tip, and play games (there is a fee for the games!). I hope this doesn't eliminate restaurant jobs, but I really liked it...Friend would probably give a lower rating because his pasta was a little cold. But I'm the one writing the review, so I say 5 stars. Overall it was a good experience.
1	Worst service I have ever experienced at a restaurant, bar none.  It wasn't that the waiter was rude, but he was completely inattentive.  After telling him we needed a couple minutes to decide from the menu, he didn't return for about 10 minutes to take our order.  OK, could have been worse.  About 30 minutes later we got our food.  We didn't see the guy again for another 30 minutes, which was when I asked for our check.  15 minutes pass and i get the check.  The rest of my party goes to the car to wait for me while i pay.  He takes the check about 10 minutes after I get it and asks if the rest of my party left, and I said yes they are waiting in the car so please be quicker than you have been all day.  15 minutes later I get my card back.  I almost think he was deliberately messing with me because I was visibly pissed and somewhat confrontational.  But I'm pretty sure he was just dumber than a box of rocks.  I'm tempted to throw his name out here but as satisfying as it'd be, it just wouldn't be right. I'll never go to this chili's again.
