5	Crazy...We ended up at this restaurant after a little change of plans. since my favorite seafood restaurant was packed because it was Mother's Day, we decided to try a less popular place just to find it also packed.....because it was Mother's Day.As soon as I saw a table being cleaned we passed the wait to be seated sign and sat  ourselves, we needed no menus, most Mexican seafood restaurants serve the usual entrees so all we had to do is order from the menus embedded in our minds and if they ever say "we don't have that", then that would be a sign of not being authentic.We started with raw oysters and a bucket of modelos, we also ordered ceviche for appetizers. For entree  we ordered camarones a la diabla. (very spicy shrimp) camarones al mojo de ajo (garlic shrimp) and also camarones empanizados (fried breaded shrimp). Everything we ordered was very good and very authentic. It was Mother's Day so there were two bands playing very loud music, Banda and mariachi adding to the authenticity of a real Mexican Restaurant were all your senses are fed. Service was good, food was good, ambiance was good ....life was good at la mojarra loca.
1	Went with my husband to try this place out since it's new with second location. Boy was that a mistake. Husband asked for a agua chiles which if you Hispanic you know what I'm talking about. The shrimp tasted old and smelled funny. So we just left that to the side. We weren't going to say anything but as we were eating the tostadas there was a dead roach in the basket !!! It was disgusting. I told the waitress we didn't wAnt the rest of  the food and to please take the shrimp away and showed her the basket   With the dead roach. She told us it was too late to cancel the order and we would have to pay for everything regardless of there lack of cleanliness and food hygiene.
4	When craving any type of mexican seafood, this is the place to go. Their 'botana negra' is delicious!! Also, their preparadas are bomb!
3	The reason why I only gave this restaurant 3 stars is due to the fact that it is always a hit and miss. The food is always different depending on the chef and their service here lacks greatly. It is very hard to find great Mexican sea food places here in Vegas, so that being said as for now this is the best I've had.
