2	The dim sum here was pretty bad.  But the service was surprisingly good.  Dim sum houses are not normally known for their friendly waitstaff, but one of the push cart ladies here was quite attentive and promptly brought me things (chang fen, Chinese broccoli) when I asked.
4	They now have a new restaurant on Laurentian Blvd. at the corner of Gouin Blvd. Dim sum are great. Most patrons on a Sunday for dim sum are chinese. That speaks volumes.
2	We searched for dinner in chinatown montreal very late at night. i think close to midnight and stumbled upon this place only because it was one of the few still open. The place was pretty full for the time of night but then again they were prob the only place still serving food.We walk in and get seated. their table cloths are not table cloths but merely white garbage bags sheeted over the table. i understand, easy cleaning. the dishes were dirty. one of the cups had a fortune cookie stuck to the inside, as if it was not even washed!! we had 7 people and ordered 5 dishes, a pot of rice to share and they gave us "lai tong" the usual free msg soup. we had peking porkchops which we decent, pretty good. the next dish was a joke- some salt and pepper shrimp which werent even the nice big shrimps. they were those cheap frozen bags of shrimp that they battered up and fried. although it was nicely fried. it was $13 and i think each person had about 2 shrmps. it was pretty tasty also but the quality of the shrimp was not worth the price tag. we had watercress which was okay. they asked if we wanted spice and we said a little bit. all they did was slice up some jalapenos and slide it into the veggies! bootleg. then came the chicken. SUPER dry. super tasteless. yes i understnad they give us a small dish of salt to dip it in but the chicken was the worst dish of the night. and finally we had mongolian beef which was deep fried so hard like beef jerky. that was not great either.the place felt dirty compared to restaurants i've been to and granted, came out to be $15US per person for a decent meal. the waiters were nice as well, but on our way walking back to our hotel we all had to speed to blow up the toilets!! be aware!! i probably would recommend you go look for dinner earlier if you want to have a decent meal! and def would not recommend this place. also wouldnt recommend getting mixed drinks here becuase they had a makeshift bar in the front with a sink???
