3	This little place seems to be a hidden gem.  And by hidden, I mean that there was nobody there when I went so I assume that noone can find it.  Either that...or people have found it and deemed it unedible....oops, that's not a word...how about inedible.Granted, I was doing a late lunch...around 1:30pm, but usually if a place is good you have a few stragglers.  So, when I entered the joint it was a bit weird because there was nobody in there...no...I'm not talking about customers...I mean nobody...no host, waiter, straggler, vagrant...nobody.  It turns out that theres a connected bar through a doorway.  So I meandered into the bar and there were a couple of ladies sitting at the bar, they honestly looked surprised that someone wandered into their establishment.Needless to say, I was very worried about the epicureal experience that I was about to embark on.  Not to mention that the place seemed a bit dingy, and I'm a stickler about eating in clean surroundings.  But I always say that I'll try anything once (provided that I don't read any scathing health inspections beforehand).I've gotta say that I was very pleasantly surprised with the food.  I ordered the standard by which I judge Greek food, a Gyro.  The meal came with a Greek salad with feta and some garlicky potato things.  A fresh salad is a pretty tough thing to pull off, for many establishments, but this salad was fantastic.  All the ingredients and the veggies were very fresh, and the feta cheese was delicious.  You know how at so many places you get slightly brown iceberg lettuce with so little nutritional content that you'd be better off eating scraps of paper?  This salad was not in that category.The Gyro was great too, it arrived at the perfect temperature and the pita was warm and soft.  The meat was flavorful, as was the tzatziki.  The potato thingies seemed like they had flavor potential, but were a tad rubbery so I didn't finish them.  The whole meal was around 7 bucks, and it was alot of food, definitely a good deal for the poor and hungry.This place definitely surprised me.  I almost feel like I lucked out and perhaps the next time I go, I'll have a bad experience.  I'll give it another shot soon...(crossing fingers)
5	I eat here once a week.  It's tasty and it's very easy to eat healthy if you want to.The food is legit Greek.  Sometimes when you are there, you will be the only one not speaking Greek.  The owners are from the old country and so are a lot of the customers.There is only one waitress, the wife owner, so once in a while, they get backed up.  Usually though, she does an amazing job of keeping up.If you are looking for a place to frequent where "everyone knows your name, " this is it.  (There is also a separate bar which has the same feel.) It is definitely a hidden Gem as many of the other reviewers have said.
3	Stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner. Was the only diner in the restaurant at the time.  Ordered the Gryo dinner. First came the Greek dinner salad. And I have to say it was the freshest salad I've had anywhere in quite some time. Great color and freshness of the lettuce, peppers, onions, and feta cheese crumbled on top.The Gryro plate was HUGE. Tons of food.  Great gyros piled on a really fluffy pita. Served with rice and two roasted lemon-y potatoes.The only thing that didn't thrill me was the green beans and carrots with pine nuts. Pretty mushy and blah.It's a very small place with only a few tables and a bar off to the side. The usual posters of Greece adorn the walls.The service was top notch. Many refills on my soda. Which is great.For the money I paid thought it was a good value. If I'm in the neighborhood again and have a hankering for Greek food I'll probably stop in.Did I mention the salad was REALLY good? :-)
3	Went here a couple of times in 2006 and enjoyed the Greek salads and galaktoboureka.  Lamb shank dinner didn't impress us much, and the homous left us pining for Pita Jungle's and Sabuddy's.  Seeing a roach in the restroom made me decide to stop going there.I decided I'd give Zorba another try tonight when I wasn't able to find Priya, an Indian restaurant in Tempe I've been told by a few to check out.  The menu on the door was tantalizing enough for me to sit down.  If I order apps and an entree, I usually have both choices ready by the time the server asks for my app order (I normally skip the app and order an entree, or just have an app as my entree).  This time, I decided I'd order the app first while I decide on the entree.  There certainly were many that caught my eye, but after observing the host/owner's interactions with other customers and overhearing her speak with a customer on the phone, I lost my desire to spend more time there.  No doubt, much of the negative vibes I felt were probably due to her being tired (her body language certainly showed me that she's had a taxing day) and also just the way she speaks (I work w/ many multi-nationals and so get to study them a bit); I still felt like wanting to bolt, so I decided I'd just have the kalamaria and go to another restaurant for some veggies.Zorba's version of calamari (there didn't seem to be a batter used, but mouth-feel revealed a batter coating of some kind) is definitely different from Italian calamari, where the squid is dipped in a batter that renders them light and crispy, but I quite enjoyed the dish.  It came with sliced red onions garnished on top and tzaziki sauce (cucumber-laced yogurt) on the side, which had a fresh and enticing aroma, but I've an allergy to cukes and I usually just keep it simple with just fresh lemon juice anyway.  My fave calamari pieces are the tentacles, and Zorba's was skimpy on them in this dish (five pieces max).  I'll give this place another try during lunch, since I recall that the owner used to be very friendly before; Perhaps she'll be in better spirits when encountered earlier in the day.
1	Ate here once. The food was OK. Service was slow. The atmosphere was really bad. There is a bar attached to the restaurant that had the music turned up loud. It totally killed the restaurant vibe. They need to decide if they are a raucous nightclub that serves food or a nice restaurant that serves drinks. I won't be going back.
4	Family owned, sold and bought back by the original owners! And were we glad to see that happen! The original/current owners are from Greece and many times you are the only person in the place that you can understand, but that's OK because Ginny treats you like you are her grand-child! She is just great and I'm glad she and her husband bought the place back.My wife and I love to have the Gyro plate, which comes with a lovely salad of fresh greens and feta cheese. Our personal code word for this is a "Happy Meal" because it just makes your tummy so happy! The pita is always hot and fresh and is stuffed to overflowing with the most wonderful meat, a combination of lamb and beef, some onions and a dollop of tzatziki, YUM!Our Happy Meal is often prefaced with freshly made hummus and warm pita bread, this in itself is worth the trip.But the gyro is by no means the only thing they have gotten right, Zorba's has a lamb souvlaki that is just like you'll find in Greece! After having this for the first time I knew I had been eating far too little lamb. Wow!A highlight is dessert, Ginny serves freshly made bakklava that will make you swoon! There are other desserts offered, but we've just never bothered.The atmosphere is perhaps a bit too relaxed and there is an ongoing decoration upgrade going on. But everytime we go the place is nicer than the our previous visit, and Ginny more than makes up for it by being a wonderful person and a very attentive hostess.The prices are still very reasonable, a gyro for lunch costs less or the same as a fast-food (yuck) meal everytime and your tounge and your tummy will much happier for it!
3	I don't have a Greek grandmother, but if I did, this is what I imagine it would be like to eat at her house. I had a hummus appetizer with cucumber, olives, tomato and pita bread, and a Greek salad with grilled chicken. This is my usual order at a Greek place - not very adventurous, but usually guarantees a satisfactory meal.The food was good. But it isn't the food that made this place feel like being at my fictional Greek grandmother's house. It was the woman working there. She looked like, and treated me like my Greek grandmother might.Super attentive, not great English, kept coming by our table telling us to "Eat! Eat! Try this! Eat!" Bringing out small plates with other tidbits - grapeleaves, tabbouleh, etc. When she saw that I had removed a bunch of tomatoes from my salad and pushed them to the side of the plate, she said with her hands on her hips, "What? You don'  like tomato? No tomato? We take it out for you next time! Eat! Eat!" She brought us baklava after our dinner, on the house, and it was soooo delicious. The best part, she over heard me say something about the television and whatever was on. Next thing you know, she's bringing me the remote control so I can put on whatever I want. Really? I mean, REALLY?!  I thought finding above-and-beyond service in Arizona was like finding the Holy Grail. I think I found it.And yes, the food was good, and the bill was way too small for all we ended up getting.
5	Absolutely the best pork chops I have ever had and they were huge. Must have been an inch and a half thick and two of them covered the whole plate. One filled me up and I took the other one home. Next time I'll invite a friend and get one order and ask for an extra plate. It really is enough food for two people.
5	Whenever I am craving Greek hummus and pita, I head over to see Janny at Zorba's.  The hummus is so delicious, just the right balance of flavors and texture and the pita is so fresh you might eat it all before you finish the hummus.  The other food is also awesome too with hearty portion sizes.  Janny also makes avgolemono which is a delicious lemon, chicken and rice soup that warms the soul when the weather is cooler. If you want to feel like you are at a friends kitchen table, stop by and visit Zorba's.
4	I went here for lunch with a friend last week.  I had heard good things about this place and being very hungry for Mediterranean food, I decided I needed to try it.If you want authentic, freshly made, honest to goodness home made food, this is the place.  I had the gyro platter and it did not disappoint.  I over-ate and still took home half which ended up being lunch for my husband AND me the next day!  The meat was delicious, well seasoned; the rice was excellent and the salad was fresh, tossed with OO and lemon juice with salt, truly the Mediterranean way to dress a salad.I truly enjoyed the food.  This place is a gem!
4	Zorba's has become our date place although it may seem like an unlikely place with it being within the vicinity of a .99 store, a furniture store, and Big Lots. It is quite dark inside and there is only waiter which is the owner, so service can sometimes be slow but she is a very nice lady so I forgive :) Don't expect to waltz on in here and be out in 30 minutes. I am a vegetarian so there are plenty of options here for me from the hummus, falafel, ziti, manicotti ect. The falafel is quite good I just wished they gave you more of it. Any of their other dishes like the manicotti is quite good. Everything is home made and you can taste the difference. There is a bar on the other side of the restaurant so maybe if you prefer to eat at the bar you can. My boyfriend always comments that the lamb shank is very tender and well seasoned and cooked. His lemon roasted potatoes were to die for, I tried them and then I went home and recreated the same thing I love it so much. It also comes with rice which was cooked perfectly and seasoned well. At the end of the meal we usually have baklava which is a piece of heaven after a satisfactorily meal.
5	I don't understand why this place isn't packed for dinner. I think the location is a little unfortunate and at first when we walked in and saw we were the only ones in there, I was a little nervous, but was quickly put at ease when I started talking to the owner.I had to show off my Greek skills a little bit so we starting chatting in Greek and she went on how everything there was prepared by her personally, just like she would make for herself at home.She wasn't kidding! The saganaki was to die for! The cheese wasn't too sharp, just the right about of brandy, and the pita was so soft and warm. She gave us a little scare though when she lit the saganaki AFTER it was on the table (typically that's done while they're holding it away from you to prevent any singed eyebrows - so watch out!)The salad was fantastic, fresh veggies, the right about of feta, the dressing was not overwhelming.My husband ordered the chicken souvlaki, my father-in-law ordered the beef souvlaki (surprised there is no pork option!) and I had the gyros platter. The lemon potatoes were just like my mom's if not better, the rice was great, and the meat across all three were decent.We split a baklava and galactobourito for dessert, all homemade as well. I always found both to be overly sweet for my taste, but they really were prepared quite well - not too heavy or syrupy.All that paired with a friendly host.Will definitely be going back and as a Greek girl, I'll say, that at least for this experience, it was just like a home cooked meal.
4	We were using Yelp to find a good Indian restaurant which happened to be closed. We saw this place a few doors down and decided to eat there as we were hungry. Service was great, the lady that worked there was helping keep our kids on track. Started with the hummus plate. The pita bread was great and the hummus was excellent.We both had the Gyros. They were also excellent. While we were waiting for our food my wife saw that the lemon potatoes were a hit on Yelp, so we got a side order of them and couldn't agree more. The place was dead, which was a shame. If we lived in Phoenix we would eat here often.
5	Awesome, awesome Greek food!  Went here to grab takeout for dinner one evening the other week.  I ordered the standard gyro (played it safe for my first time here), which comes with roasted potatoes and rice on the side as well as a Greek salad.  The value alone is great--my entire dinner was $10 plus tip.  The Greek salad had plenty of tomatoes, cucumbers and feta.  I judge my Greek salads by the amount of feta (the more the better) and this salad did not disappoint.  It was also pretty substantial for a side salad.  My gyro, potatoes and rice were equally impressive.  Everything was well-seasoned and cooked to perfection.  My only suggestion would be to ask for and extra side of tzatziki sauce for the gyro if you're a big fan of the stuff.  I tend to use a lot of tzatziki sauce, and would have been happier with a little more.  Again, this place was great and I will most certainly be back to try other entrees!  Don't let the location scare you away.  It's well worth your time.
5	We have tried a lot of mediteranian places.  This is one of the best.  The greek salad is excellent, nice greens and very rich olive oil dressing.  The people who run this are always helpful
4	It's hard to find places during the weekdays that are open past 9 or 10pm and this place is open till 2am !! There menu is not your average Greek food menu. They have a very big variety and you are bound to find something you like. they even have some American and Italian dishes as well. it was just the two of us but we ordered for about 5 people because we wanted to try so many different things. Hummus, eggplant, souvlaki, steak kabobs, even the manicotti. Everything was very good, and they have a large selection in wine and specialty drink also.
2	Just ok. I got the food to go and I thought it was very over priced for what we got. Don't think I'll go back. :(
2	Alas, Ginny has had to sell Zorba's and the new owners still need to get their feet under them. Despite being told by them that the recipies had not changed nothing was the same. And that was a shame, because we loved Zorba's but it was Ginny that gave the place it's personality.The food was not exactly flavourless, but not very good either and the prices have increased.The Gyro was still full of meat, but for some reason they chose to put on so much tzatzki that the sandwich was actually soggy with it. The vegitable medly tasted like it was made with frozen and overcooked vegitables and everything tasted of peas. It was very disappointing.Finally the service needs considerable polish as our waitress could not pronounce most items on the menu and was even unfamiliar with a Gyro and we had to point it out on the menu to her. Training should be better than this even if you have only been open two or three weeks. Also our waitress and the owner were at our table quite literally every couple of minutes. I know they are trying to be helpful but really it was quite annoying.I think that Zorba's may become a decent Greek restaurant again, but it is going to require a great deal of work before that happens. We will give them 6 months and then try them again but right now I cannot recommend them to you.
1	My wife and I have frequented this familiar place for years and loved Ginny's excellent service and personality. She has, as several other posts have indicated, sold the restaurant to new owners and sadly they have changed and not for the better. The menu was different. The plating of the food was poorly done. The portions have been scaled back and the prices have been scaled forward. We just got back from our LAST VISIT to this place and I was horrified with the poor quality of the food, the service, and we were the only ones in the entire place for quite a while. In retrospect, I'm not surprised since everyone that frequented Zorba's apparently already knows what we were terribly disappointed to find out. I hate to have to write a poor review for a restaurant that we have loved for years. I'm fairly certain, judging by the lack of patronage as well as the poor excuse for Greek food, that this place will close down very soon. Goodbye Ginny! We will miss your smile, your love, and your wonderful food.
1	We came here expecting good Greek food as it has always been before. It was so hot and sticky when you first entered. We waited an eternity just for them to ask us what we wanted to drink, then another ten minutes just for them to bring it. I ordered the regular gyro and salad (which was $1.99 extra for salad) my husband had the GLT a gyro, lett., tomato sandwich which came with a salad. Our first server who I believe was the owner, was a bit rude as if he didnt feel like serving. To be nice, he brought us chicken lentil soup on the house. I only took about 3 bites as it was completely disgusting and flavorless. I had to add pepper, salt and hot sauce and still nothing. Our meals came out about 30 seconds of us receiving the soup. The tzatziki sauce smelled AWFUL!!! It literally smelled like old cheese or bad foot odor. There was barely any meat in my gyro. As for the salad, it had no feta cheese or bellpeppers. It was completely bland with barely and dressing. Our server who looked like to be the busser because he looked grimey and had an ugly apron on, barely came to check on us. My husbands meal was just a TAD better than mine, with his salad being the same as well. I definately do not recommened this place AT ALL!! Please stay away and go somewhere else!! I will NEVER be returning here again!
5	I had previously been here and was dissatisfied .. environment was hot and sticky and service was less than par at that time (2012), food was just okay. I never returned because the staff/owners there were just plain rude and off putting.. But this week, I was in a pickle and needed some food so I decided to stop in again. This time it was different... it is under new ownership and they have made some aesthetic changes but are still working on fine tuning things. I met the owner who was very nice  , I ordered a gyro plate with Greek salad and all was delish! I really couldn't complain even though I had previously had a negative association with this place. I wish them luck and hope to see it improve and be vibrant again!
1	I walked in in a Friday night at 7 pm.  Place was DEAD.  That's always concerning.  But I went ahead and ordered take out for the family anyway.  I should if just turned and walked out.  Very expensive and food wasn't very good.  I'm amazed how this place is still open.  I would probably give them another shot by bringing the family in for a sit down meal but the aura of the place gives me the willies.  Decor is terrible and with no none else in there, it's depressing.
5	Pops and I each ordered the lamb shank and we weren't disappointed. Meat fell off the bone and was delicious. Awesome deal for $12.99....served with rice, grilled veggies, hummus, pita bread and a Greek salad.
1	I'd give this place a 0 if I could.  Over cooked.  Everything tasteless, unless you count the garlic which over powers anything.  This used to be our fave Greek place.  Didn't like the changes in Nov and thought we'd give it another try. On top of everything they wouldn't even honor their yelp coupon.What the hell.
5	I'm very surprised at the reviews I have read here and disagree highly with most of them. I am training for a new job in the area and stopped here on a whim. I had the spanakopita platter and was seriously impressed. I didn't even really think I enjoyed Greek good as much as I now realize I do. It seems that most of the ppl here are giving negative reviews based on their expectations from a previous owner which I think is kinda silly. I found the food to be delicious and it is also very fresh. I left with a doggy bag, a full stomach, and a pleased palate. If you haven't been here you should definitely try it!
2	Food is good. Says they're open until midnight on Saturdays but I just tried walking in at 9:30 and they told me the kitchen was closed. Bogus
3	Server was pleasant, food was good, and we plan to return for the lamb shank.
4	We walked in Thursday evening and immediately noticed something was very different. New out door seating, new interior design, less bar/restaurant more restaurant, no Jenny.  I started looking at the menu it's different, more Italian dishes than there used to be. Then I looked up yelp reviews and started to worry...Worry not, yes it is different but nothing really stays the same especially in the restaurant business. I got Greek meatballs and chicken and rice soup. Husband got the mixed steak and chicken suovlaki plate with salad, saffron rice, hummus and veggies. Everything (except the salad) was temperature Hot, Hot, Hot just the way I like it! The veggies were fresh and cooked perfectly. Meatballs were my least favorite but everything else was delish!! Owner's wife waited on us she is super sweet and friendly and attentive. If you haven't been lately give it a go with an open mind and support the local mom and pop shop.You won't be disappointed here.
2	The only reason I didnt give this one star was because I have been to a few places worse than this. I paid $35 for two people and didnt think the food was worth half that. The gyro meat was hard and dry. The hummas was very clumpy and strange. Overall the food really didnt have much of a taste. The service was really bad. The waitress had an attitude from the get go. We were the only ones from 6pm until we left close to 7pm. She didnt ask how the food was, didnt refill our drinks and when I asked for a refill she seemed to be burdened by me asking. I wouldnt eat here again if the food was 50% off. Its just not worth it.
2	I'm pretty upset with this place. I yelped it first and instantly a coupon specific to here came up. It was a 100% off your first visit voucher. I showed our waitress the voucher and she tells me it is not valid, she tells me that was for Mother's Day. When I opened the voucher it asked me if I wanted to redeem it now or later. It had nothing on it about Mother's Day. They refused to let me use it. I was with my 1 year old and an old friend so I couldn't just leave. We ate lunch and it was not bad, but the voucher dismissal left a bad taste in my mouth. Grr
2	The gyros were tasteless, their coke had stuff floating in it  and the service was lackluster at best.
4	Food was awesome.  Service lacking.  Old place so feels dirty.  Food on the other hand was fantastic!  Would not give me the coupon Yelp offered.  Disappointed.
5	We used to frequent the old Zorba's ... Thought tonight's meal was excellent .. 2 appetizers + a Gyros plat and lamb kabob ... all was very fresh and flavorful ... service was great ... much better than we expected .. we will be back soon ... Keep up the great job ... Zorba's
4	Great food. The restaurant feels old. I always get my food Togo. I love the pita plate for lunch.
