3	They know their tires, but service is decidedly old-school.  Gruff mechanics will tell you like it is -- just the facts, and the bill.  If you want more interaction than that, look elsewhere.
5	This is where I take my car because they do a wonderful job, and their rates are very reasonable.
5	I had a leaky tire and pulled up to Pahl tire just this morning.  I thought maybe I'd grab lunch on the capitol square while they fixed it.  A man came right out to greet me and told me to pull in.  The attacked my car like an indy pit crew and had it done in literally about 7 minutes.  It's like I wasn't even there.  Now that's service.  I knew nothing about them but now they've gained my loyalty.
2	Recently I had a slow leak on my front tire. The place I bought the original tire was a distance from my house so quickly stopped into Pahl Tire as it was near by. The technician did a very good job and found the source of the issue. In the end they had to put on the spare tire as my original tire was bad. It was initially flat when they put it on. They pumped it up and I asked if it would stay inflated. They said they were sure it would as they rushed me out the door as it was closing time. When I got home less than 2 miles away the tire was flat. While I appreciate the service of the technician and his attention to my car initially I am disappointed that they let me go with a tire that was flat and did not verify the spare was good. Now I have to have my car towed to get a tire put on my spare. Very frustrating. I did not really care for the Manager. When I mentioned to him where I bought the original tire he made some negative comments about the place and guys. I just think that is something you don't do. Say bad things about your competitors. I plan on going back to the original tire place where I was very satisfied in the first place. I won't go back to Pahl.
5	Fast service & an overall pleasant experience!Went in to have a tire repaired and had never been there before.  The owner recommended a Wall Street Journal article for me to read (which I really enjoyed) and I was barely done reading it before they were finished with my tire!  I was prepared for it to be a stressful experience and it was just the opposite.   I will definitely go back next time I have a car problem!
5	Followed yelp reviews and brought in a flat for repair; was in and out of there in 10 minutes. Parking is scarce due to the construction, but this was a no-problem experience.
5	Friendly and efficient. At 4:30pm they didn't have my specialized tire on hand, and even though it was too late to get it from the supplier they checked anyway. Next morning we were done in no time, and we could enjoy the rest of our visit to Madison before driving home. Top marks for service!
