1	Had a terrible experience here.  Stopped in for a quick bite before take off and left more than a 40% tip because we couldn't wait for change.  After finding out our flight was delayed for more than an hour, we returned for a drink.  The same wait person, Alison, took our drink order for 2 margaritas without any questions.  It wasn't until our $30 bill arrived that we reLized we had been hood winked.  While there are different prices and sizes of margaritas, Alison took it upon herself to deliver and charge us for the very most expensive one to order.  When we asked her why, she said "that's what we always do" and walked away.  At that point she was eager to leave as it was the end of her shift and she wanted to go home.  She lingered for a tip.  We ddn't leave one.  Maybe one day she'll figure out why.
4	Unlike the prior review, my waitress was quite nice. I was in for breakfast on a 1 hour layover. I had no complaints service was fast and friendly. I would say seats were a little over half full. I did find it funny that they were playing R&B at 8AM... Especially since the walls are covered with antique metal signs and the classic Rt. 66 flavor.3 star food, 5 star service I rate it overall 4/5.
3	Good food but not many options. Flashing lights make it difficult to concentrate on work at first but you get used to them. Great for a quick bite and the serve staff are Awesome, super friendly, relational, and they work hard to keep your drink filled and to offer effecient and effective service.
4	Just flew in and our of Phoenix earlier today and this place was very nice. Lovely service - friendly, very friendly,  and prompt - food was hot and juicy! Nice Chicken Breasts and the cheese was still melted / melting when it hit the table. With a Sam Adams, well that is nice. Then off to the next plane! Thanks Roadhouse!
3	Stopped in for lunch on a 2-hour layover, this is one of the better restaurants in the airport (I walked through all of the terminals to find a non-fast-food, relaxing sit-down place). Plenty of seating, even if it's a bit crowded, plus a bar area. Ambiance is typical of any roadhouse: street signs on the wall, sports on the TVs, and classic 80's rock playing, but not too loudly. The wait staff (Alison) was friendly, attentive, and quick, my order must have arrived within five minutes of placement. Not a large selection of food, most of which were sandwiches and burgers, a few salads. I had the brisket sandwich, which was just the sandwich and potato chips, had a properly toasted bun and a decent quantity of thinly sliced brisket, and was a little salty for my taste, but very juicy.  As a pleasant surprise, and unlike most airport food, wasn't too heavy, either.  Would have had an extra star if they hadn't let in the kid who kept winding up his noisy helicopter toy, but such is the luck in an airport.
4	Asian boneless wings are great.  Certain spots along the wall away from the bar have outlets.  Key today in an airport.
1	What a disgrace!The worst service ever. The waiter was lame, rude and with an attitude. The food was pretty bad, overpriced (even for free would be too much for this horrible place). The decor is lame, the tables are smaller than a stool and so on.They use plastic silverware and plates (which I guess is for safety purposes) but there are so many other plastic paper options than the ones they use.I wrote in the bill a note about the lame service and the server instead of being apologetic or trying to understand what happened (he might be so dumb and arrogant not to know that he did everything wrong) he was all mockery and said "goodbye" with an sarcastic tone.They are lucky to be at the airport, this s@#t hole wouldn't last a month in the real world.Don even wast your time.
2	Although I know not to expect high quality and freshness from any airport, I was rather disappointed in the Salmon. It must be kept under a heat lamp because I ordered it and it came up within minutes, over cooked and rather dry. I could tell this even though I ordered the Thai Chili sauce on it (which was more sweet than spicy). PHX needs to have a better selection of places to eat..The service was timely and great and you pay the airport price.
2	I understand being in an airport and dealng with all kinds of different visitors can be stressful but when my husband and I walked in this place there was such a negative tension. We weren't certain if we could seat ourselves and so I asked a young lady who was near us and she just snapped " wherevers fine!" ....ooookkkkkay so we pick a spot in the back and another girl who seems annoyed says she'll be right with us. I was starving and our flight was leaving soon, so I just wanted to eat. Once our server got our drinks started and realized we were nice she changed her tune. I ordered a margarita and it was not good, didnt even finish it. For lunch we ordered their chipotle quesadilla & nachos to which they informed me they were out of olives, i didnt mind. Food did not take very long at all and we enjoyed both items but I'm a dumbass for ordering nachos with chili beans before a flight thankfully it was a one hour flight because my tummy was rumbling.
2	BOOOOOO!Even by airport bar standards, this place is weak. And due to the lack of boozy options in Sky Harbor, it's also packed. I ordered the roast beef sandwich, and it was pretty darn awful. I didn't finish it, and that's just not something I do. I finish my food, dang it. I opted for baked beans instead of the typical potato chips, and they were luke-warm and bland. The dining companion's wings were ok-ish. For alcohol, I had a big beer, which tasted like beer. When the dining companion asked for wine, she was asked "what color would you like?" which pretty much sums up the level of knowledge we were working with. Regardless, the pour that came out was ridiculously huge! Order two glasses of wine from here, and you'll sleep like a baby on your flight. I don't expect gourmet at airports, as they're just by their nature, sad turn-and-burn places. But this place doesn't even clear the low bar of "acceptable airport food." pass.
1	This place is so disgustingly dirty. The staff was incredibly rude and the food was insanely over priced. There is no excuse for how nasty the staff was. I will NEVER return. Not much else to say.
3	It's tough... I wanted to hate this place because, well, it's not awesome. But something about it made me fall a little bit in love. It's totally kitschy, it's loud, it's overcrowded and the service is incredibly slow. So what's to like?I was traveling with a friend and we had to circle around the restaurant 3 times before we spotted an open table. There was a woman sitting at a two top who decided to use another table to rest her bags on. Not sure if this is something the restaurant would feel comfortable monitoring or not but they were losing business because people were too lazy and impolite to rest their bags on the floor. We kindly asked if the table was taken and she moved her stuff noting, "Whoops. I've been here for 40 mins. Sorry about that." We take our seats, find spots for our bags under the tiny table and wait. And wait. A woman offered up menus and left us for a few mins to decide what to eat and drink. Wanting some wine I asked, "Do you have a house wine?" And the absolute best question followed, "Yes. What color are you looking for?" Haha. But it got better. The wine comes in two serving sizes. 4 oz and 9 oz. I had a good two hours to kill so I ordered the latter. When it came it might as well have been served in a fishbowl! No complaints there, though. I slowly sipped away on the wine and placed an order for some food. My poor friend got some sort of roast beef sandwich and couldn't even finish it. It looked downright gross. Something made in an elementary school cafeteria. My boneless tangy wings were pretty good though. Having low expectations, I actually enjoyed them. The serving size was huge too, I couldn't eat it all.So all in all it wasn't terrible. Something about this place was adorable in a sad way. It's messy, the servers look like they're all hating life and the food is not so awesome. But with such limited options and everyone wanting one last meal or drink in AZ before taking off to somewhere else, this "diner" will do the trick. Just order the 9 oz wine and life will be good.
1	Horrible Go to burger king instead....is that bad.
1	Crap boneless wings (nuggets) were f&@king COLD.. Check your microwave guys. Overpriced...get me home fast please!!!! For being the ONLY place to get a drink and something to eat while waiting for planes...this place is way overpriced and the service sucks. The food is microwaved or cooked nextdoor at the fastfood burger place...Avoid if you can....
1	Awful! I wish I would have read the reviews before we ate here.  Chicken sandwich was over microwaved.. And it's kind of expensive! Don't go here EVER!
1	Slow. Dirty.  Bad food.  What I have come to expect from the airport.
2	Chose this place to get out of the insane crowds in this horrible airport and sit down to eat. I had some sort of BBQ chicken with bacon dish. Meh, not that great, I can feel my cholesterol going up already. The SO had an adequate sandwich. Everything seems sort of microwaved, pre-packaged, etc. Plus, their iced tea machine was broken. Boo.  Service was friendly and they checked back, which is good. Of course it was overpriced, it's in an airport. Everything is overpriced.
1	I had breakfast and the food was not good.  Rubbery fake scrambled eggs, microwaved sausage patties, toast was ok I guess and the potato wedges were ok.
4	Cold beer. Passible food. GREAT server. We sat by the door next to a cashier station & struck up a convo with one of the servers. She was hilarious.
2	Dirty tables, long stretches of time between server and table. When the server did attend, the tone was smarmy and cordial. I found  it difficult to not stand up and wave or snap my fingers just to get the table wiped after 10 minutes. Food was passable as Costco frozen BBQ.
1	Bartender "Scott" is a complete ass-hat, I would fire him on the spot if he worked for me.Too bad the lady "Maria"working with him gets drug down by his misplaced arrogance and rude attitude.She deserves a better co-worker. In a different place and time, he would get his smart assed shit punched out. Note to management: Fire this guy and watch average customer ticket amount rise.Maria gets the importance of a calm, welcoming demeanor, that is appreciated at an airport environment. She is actually quite good at this. "Scott" acts like he is the bouncer at a college bar party. What a dick. He was rude to customers and table servers both, and I and other customers could hear his unprofessional jabs at a table server. Even if she is a pain in the ass, I don't want to hear him being snide to her. Take it up in private with the boss. Grow up dude.And not unlike my comment about dragging down, I would be along the solid 3 star, or no review at all, but Scott was such a dick I wrote this while waiting for my flight.I had 2 hours to kill, and he was an ass the whole time, to customers and his co-workers.Update;  3-11-13, recieved a message from Scott regarding my review: (at very end)Hahaha'So this little pissant decides to create an account just to send me a message.He makes my point better than I could, a real douche-nozzle. In a setting where you rely on repeat customers and not an airport environment, he would have an empty bar. Every on-line review site has these guys tanking on service, and food. Normal people would want to improve, but then again, this meat-head is in no danger of ever shooting anything into space. But he can lift heavy things.He is a lowly worker bee, and a poor one at that. Wash your face kid, -Message: ** "For your review of: Phoenix Roadhouse Diner 66 Thanks for entertaining my bar tonight. We all had a lot of laughs with your name calling and and lack of command of the English language.   Apparently I didn't coddle you enough, be sure to stop by next time you come through the phx airport and I promise to give you a big hug :) Thanks again,Scott **
1	The waiter was fast and attentive.  However, the food was disgusting.  I ordered the beef brisket sandwich.  It was bone dry and cooked to the point if being like leather.  I ate mid afternoon.  I suspect the meat was under a warming lamp for some hours.
