5	I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE Greater Than Coffee! This is a MUST visit place for any coffee-holic. They offer an amazing variety of Coffee and Teas with a side of snacks to keep you very satisfied. The shop has a wonderful atmosphere filled with wonderful and interesting people! The service is also great. The owners are so friendly and welcoming to the point where you don't want to leave. If you want to go to a place "where everyone knows your name" or a coffee shop that you can always hangout at... Minus a "Ross hating" Gunther, but with an occasional beauty like Rachel Green walking from behind the counter, aka Owner Tanya... Greater Than Coffee is the place to be!!
5	Right off the lightrail, this newby will blossom into a solid addition on the outskirts of downtown Phoenix. I definitely recommend the Truffle - but be forewarned, I love sweet drinks and this one definitely fits the bill. They have some tea flavors you won't find anywhere else - can't wait to try those out next time. Highly recommend this place and wish them the best. The unique interior definitely needs to be pointed out and complimented - awesome feel and love it.
5	I work right down the street from this place, so I usually come here before work. I have to say that everyone who works here is super nice! Something I noticed right off the bat. They are always having conversations with customers, and it's not a snobby coffee shop by any means. I always get the iced toddy, and really haven't tried anything else. But with that being said, their iced toddy is freakin' bomb. When I lived in San Francisco, a lot of the good coffee places had a very particular 'gingerbread-like'  flavour to their coffees, something I have not been able to find in AZ. But this iced toddy is exactly like that, and it's heaven! Would highly recommend it. Also, they have almond milk which I love. They have a good amount of baked goods like cookies and bagels that always look delicious, as well as a few things on their coffee menu that I will eventually try. Glad this shop opened up!
5	Super convenient location, just outside of the hustle of Downtown Phoenix, near the lightrail station.  Great coffee!  Huge tea selection, yummy snacks, friendly baristas.  I like to stop here when I take the lightrail from Phoenix to Tempe - can't find a sweeter spot at point A or point B.
5	Excellent Toddy, excellent tea, excellent people.
4	The BF and I rode our bikes here today and we were thoroughly impressed. This place is close to my apartment and fairly convenient. The inside is cute, pretty modern looking. The girl who was working there was friendly and explained all of the drinks to us without making us feel like we were putting her out. I was just going to get toddy, but ended up getting a specialty drink. I got the almond joy (coconut mocha) and the BF got the Charlie Chaplin (white and dark chocolate mocha) both with nonfat milk to make them healthy (lol!). We both thoroughly enjoyed our coffees. Mine still had a strong coffee flavor and was not overwhelmed by the sweetness of the other flavors, it was soooo delicious...still thinking about it now.... I can only imagine how good it would be with whole milk. Anyway, this place has serious 5 star potential, but I need to make a second visit to determine that. Hooray GreaterThan Coffee!
5	I've frequented this place for months now and its always high quality. Alex, Tricky, and Tanya are all very friendly and open to making recommendations. This one of the last coffee shops that makes coffee an art instead of just business. If you just want an average cup of coffee made by a student who pushed a couple buttons, stick with Starbucks. If you want some amazing coffee made my some fantastic people with some real talent, you should try this place. There's free parking on the street and they open early, usually around 6:30 or 7.
5	So happy that this place was around the corner from where I was staying this past week. I know that LA has a million coffee shops, but there was something special about GreaterThanCoffee! No pretentious baristas, just super friendly service! Never a line, either! The Toddy was delicious as were the bagels. If I lived in Phoenix, I would definitely come to this place every day. Super curious about Co-hoots, the connecting coworking space.
3	Unlike my visit to Lux yesterday (bustling) I was the only one to visit the new 'More Than Coffee' this morning.  Looks like as nice little place, and the coffee is perfectly A-OK. The 4 shots will do there job this morning I'm sure.  Still, it's strange that there aren't more people here.  Maybe I missed the morning rush at 8:30?  I think this place could maybe use a little more "buzz" to get it off the ground properly,
4	Chai latte was sweet and delicious. Attached is a co working space called co hoots that is the first of its kind(shared entrepreneurial work space) in downtown phx.
4	Tasty soy mocha, friendly barista. Not a lot of space to sit but there weren't many people there in front so I was able to sit with my laptop a while. I'll be back to try the cold brew.
5	Love getting my morning coffee/mocha/tea from GreaterThan. Service is always friendly, the tamales are tasty, and the tea selection is not only vast, but high quality.
4	Good coffee, nice service!
4	Damn decent drip coffee, 100% would go back again for the brew. Service with a friendly smile. Great prices. Cool place.
5	This place is fabulous. The only place that knows how to brew up real tea with some personality and flair. I'm a tea drinker and it's amazing how little coffee shops usually care about their tea drinkers. I recommend the Kaikori Matte or the Hood Chai. What am I saying every tea is good and there is a huge selection, 14+ as opposed to the 3-5 you usually get! Loose leaf too made by a local entrepreneur, Urban Pioneer Tea. Tamales and bagels are yum. Great place for a quick cup or intellectual conversation with a friend or colleague. Oh and all of my friends who ARE coffee drinkers love their coffee and of course the people! This place is truly a Phoenix gem that is greater than they know.
5	Great coffee, amazing iced tea, and one of the few coffee shops to serve pretty spectacular lunch Tamales.If you get a chance hop off the light rail for a morning brew between Tempe and Phoenix.
2	I came here due to the rave reviews albeit few... I am a coffee lover and I have been wanting to try all the quaint and cool coffee shops in the downtown Phoenix area. I am giving this place 3 stars because of bitter coffee and stale Lebanese cookies. I should have known that cookies that are wrapped in plastic wrap aren't fresh. They are probably very good fresh but it tasted funny to me and I could not enjoy them. I ordered honey almond espresso drink. Ok, I did ask for half the honey because I do not like overly sweet drinks but the coffee was so bitter! The only saving grace of this place was the friendly barista. She was great but I am a bit disappointed. Honey latte at LGO is definitely better! I was looking forward to my morning coffee experience on my Friday off. Oh well...
5	This coffee shop is my all time faves, the Charlie Chaplin is lovely as is the chai tea latte! Not to mention how friendly everyone is that works there, I could talk to Tanya all day. Wait, I haven't even talked about the tamales yet...yeah you read that right. They have TAMALES. And not the generic stuff you can by at the grocery store, these are authentic hand made tamales, need I say more?? They also offer homemade Assyrian cookies. If this shop was closer to my house I'd probably frequent it every day!
4	As long as I can get coffee... How bad can things be.Coffee is one of the best things that happened in the world.  Greater Than Coffee has a great team of baristas , they are so efficient and very friendly. Greater Than Coffee how a warm and relaxing atmosphere.  Greater then coffee has a large selection of coffees, teas, and snacks.  I've never been disappointed with any item on the menu.
5	Amazing place with amazing prospects! It's awesome being able to have anything made the way you want with a comfortable environment!!!! Had a large iced mocha, no burnt coffee taste like the big boys.Love supporting local businesses, and so should you!
5	I swear after the first sip of my handcrafted brew I died and went to coffee bean heaven.....o.O....I've recommended so many friends to this place.
