1	Called for a quote after being referred to this place by a co-worker. I spoke to a girl named Maria. Their customer service was awful. They were very rude and unprofessional. After calling over and over again, I was greeted with an attitude from the woman who answered the phone. They kept me on hold for 33 minutes and never apologized. I wouldn't trust these people with my neighbor's dog's teeth, which is a dog I want to run over with a bulldozer. This place has disgusting customer service. Recommendation DENIED.
1	I was really disappointed when I started doing my cleaning the water was splashing all over my face but what made me so mad was my whole back got wet with water and my hair. I told them are u serious no cleaning have I ever got and been the worst like this. Then when they started to polish my teeth to me it felt like she rushed and didn't even rise my mouth jut said thank u for come ur all done. I had a wet shirt,wet hair and things all over my face. I hate it there
1	Mr. Brian Nguyen is a very nice dentist and the prices are very affordable, BUT it's unfortunate that this office has a couple of front office employees that are not cut out for customer service. They have very poor attitudes and seem to be very unorganized. Wow...it's not a very smart move to have 2 out of 3 (that we have seen) rude front office employees working in the front because they are the first impression people will have of this dental office and it's not a very great one. Did I mention we've now been waiting 40 minutes after our appointment time.
2	The male dentist is rude and nearly impossible to understand. Overall they were unhelpful with my root canal and crown. Originally they said they were going to put a crown on and after they prepped it and I came back for the crown I complained of pain since they did a poor job and suddenly I needed a root canal which coincidently they would not accept for a root canal. The girl dentist seems very nice if you go here I'd choose her. The receptionists are 50/50 depends who you get. Would avoid at all costs.
