5	I don't have any other place to compare this to in Montreal, just to be fair, but...This place is excellent! It's a large building with multiple levels, including a basement. Their staff is on top of their stuff and there's never a shortage of people to ask questions when you aren't sure about something. Their staff also speaks pretty good English, so it's not a big deal if you speak no French (my friend was very happy). Not only that, but one of them consistently organizes evening outings that usually include trips to clubs or bars. I met a lot of people this way!Their prices are good, considering that you get free breakfast. My friend and I were able to share a room with a bunk bed in a small apartment room for about $270 for 5-6 nights. They provide you with fresh and clean linens, and the bathrooms are well kept after. I personally like the place because it's somewhat of a labyrinth. They have cozy couches in the main common room, and plenty of table/couch seating for all that want it. They also have a computer for you to use/email on, and a phone to call a cab with if you need to.Next time I'm in Montreal, I will be staying here. The location is great, too.
5	Although this was my first hostel stay, I can't imagine it getting any better. The rooms were nicer than expected. Even though my friend and I stayed in the dormitory styled rooms, our bunk bed was in a room of its own, with a door, so we had privacy. Plus no one else was staying there during our stay, so we technically had both rooms to ourselves. The bathrooms are nice, although you have to rent a towel. The highlight of the hotel is the staff. All of them are very friendly and love talking to you. They all speak english well, but we ended up switching between spanish, french, portuguese, and english because we were all excited to speak in the different languages. Plus they were encouraging while I was trying to practice/improve my poor french. If you go down to the common room at night (another really nice, quaint aspect to the hostel) you can find some great staff members and other guests to speak to. Everyone we met was from a different country with an interesting story, and contributed to the awesome time we had while were in Montreal. Also, they have special nights, like Sangria night, for everyone currently staying there. We had so much fun meeting and talking to all these people that we almost missed our bus back to the States because we were playing mario kart on an old nintendo 64 they had. The hostel was conveniently located a couple blocks from the metro. One of the best experiences ever, I would recommend this hostel to anyone
5	Was here for 2 nights and was a great place! Staff is a genuine,friendly group of people. Atmosphere is nice too and I felt safe . One thing though it was sooo hot at night and there were no fans , but we kept the window open and it was a little better . Other than that , felt like a nice community . I would stay here again , no doubt . Great price !
