3	Siam Garden is in a slightly sketchy area. How do I know this? Because the vagrant that wandered into the path of a dump truck bringing it to a screeching halt while I was waiting to turn told me through the acrid smoky cloud rolling off the tires of the truck. Because the sign on the C-store on the corner proclaimed it with it's broken marquee reading something like "___OP AND B___" Because the security gated doorways and litter strewn lot next door quietly whispered "sketchy" in my ear as I pulled in the lot. I decided to give them a shot. I was hopeful because when I called to verify the location (and make sure they were still in business) the woman who answered the phone did not speak English. There is essentially no ambiance here. It moved to Henderson several years ago. I was the only customer. Service was fast. It was almost like they were waiting for me. Or someone like me. I started with Thai tea which was sufficiently tasty. The menu is pretty simple with mostly Thai dishes and a smattering of popular "Americanized" Chinese dishes like orange chicken. I ordered chicken red curry, hot. I have not been satisfied with the heat of the curries I have had lately so I stepped up to hot. The dish came up quickly. The curry sauce had a coconut milk base but was more watery and less sweet than many I have had. Not a bad thing. It had an atypical assortment of veggies: okra, some sort of small green squash, red pepper, green pepper and some vegetable that I asked them to identify but have forgotten the name of already. And bay leaves. The chicken was white meat, plentiful and tender. Get an additional order of rice and this dish is enough for 2 people. For $6.99. In fact my total including the tea was about $9.25.A decent and serviceable hole in the wall Thai place.Oh, they close at 8.  Yes you read that right.
3	This place has been around a long time, and has gone through several owners and changes.  Currently, the food is at its best right now.  I consider it to be 'average, but authentic Bangkok style Thai food.'  Some of the recipes are outstanding, others are not so much.  The waitress is very friendly.  In fact, she took our picture and put it up on the wall with a myriad of other customer pictures.  Since I work very close to this restaurant, I have returned for quick, well priced meals during my lunch hour with coworkers.  One of the traditional Thai dishes that Siam Garden does extremely well compared to other Thai restaurants in Las Vegas is their Tom Kha Kai.  This is a coconut based soup with mushrooms, chicken, lime juice, and galanga root.  Watch out for the galanga root if you are not used to it.  The broth is much creamier than most places, and with a little extra lime juice on the side it can make you pucker!  I was very impressed with this dish at Siam Garden.I have had quite a few dishes here.  The curry is ok, but nothing to rave about.  The Rad Na is average, and I won't be ordering it again.  The fried rice is ok, but sometimes a bit too greasy for Thai fried rice.  My favorite dish here is the pad see ew.  The noodles in this dish, and the flavors of the sauce make it pretty good, along with fresh Chinese broccoli.  One thing that they don't do well here is pork.  The pork tends to be very dry and chewy.  I always order chicken here over the pork.Another annoying thing about this place is how they interpret the "spice level".  I like spicy Thai food, but there is no sense in ordering anything above a "mild" because every dish seems to be prepared with a "very hot" rating.  And to think that their sign says that you can try their food with even hotter levels. One thing is for sure, for better or for worse this is the hottest Thai restaurant I have ever been to.If you live or work in the area, give this place a try.  I wouldn't drive more than 10 minutes to get there, but considering the lack of places to eat in this neighborhood, it is pretty decent authentic Thai food.
4	I've eaten at Siam Garden three times since I found out about the place, it will be four times by Thursday, twice for take-out and once actually at the restaurant. It is a little hole in the wall place with hardly any "ambience", but I mean really, it's a hole in the wall Thai place. I'm there for the food, not the decoration. I've had the Pad Thai, Pad Woon Sen, Tom Yum soup, and house salad...and all were very tasty. The Pad Woon Sen is a personal favorite, with clear rice noodles, egg, thick cut cucumbers and tomatoes. The veggies add a nice cooling aspect to the dish when you order it 'hot'. The Tom Yum soup was also very tasty, fragrant of lemongrass and just enough spice to counteract the sour. The Pad Thai is not the BEST I've ever had, but it was still tasty and I would probably order it again. The salad was like any other regular salad, lettuce, tomato, cucumber, onion...but also pineapple and a TASTY dressing. The dressing was slightly sweet and creamy. I almost wish they would bottle and sell it!Oh, you also usually get a spring roll with your meal. It is fantastic. The skin is fried to a crispy brown perfection. It retained a bit of the oil in the wrapper, but it's not too greasy like most fried foods and it didn't leach onto the veggies inside.The waitress (same one every time I've been - she may be the only one they have) is always very polite and extremely nice. Both times I went in and ordered take-out she always offered a glass of water while I waited for my food.While this isn't the BEST Thai place I've eaten at, it's definitely a place worth trying, especially if you work in the area like I do. OH - and they also give a 10% discount to military, police, firefighters, CSN professors, and students!!!
5	I have found my "go-to" thai restaurant in Las Vegas, woohoo!!!!If you know me, you'll know that I am a frequent diner/seeker of good thai restaurants that offer authentic, good portioned, inexpensive thai food.  Some people have already discovered the secret behind thai food...and since I'm such a nice person I will share it with you.  Here goes...the best thai food is usually found in small, frugally decorated "hole in the wall" restaurants that have grandma-type women cooking in the back.  How do I know this?  Did I mention I eat A LOT of thai food?  Oh and my husband is Thai.  Unfortunately for me, he can't cook.  But now I'm digressing.  moving on...Siam Garden fulfills this little-known secret and then some.  Not only was the food authentic and delicious, but it was the great service of Belle (the owners' daughter who is the sole waitress) that helped propel my rating to 5 stars.  She was always smiling and very courteous.  Like I said earlier, I have been to many thai restaurants and although the thai culture is known for being kind and always smiling, I don't usually see it in thai restaurant staff.  Go figure!  The way Belle interacted with us and her demeanor just puts you in a good mood.  Never mind that the restaurant lacked a/c and the only thing keeping us cool were a few fans.  Hubby joked that it felt like we were actually eating in Thailand...the food was super spicy (even though we only ordered level 2 out of a possible 15(!!!)... and we were sweatin' like pigs.  Thankfully we had ordered thai ice tea and it came in ginormous glasses with big pieces of ice--refreshing!  That helped the heat a lil...  The entire dinner experience just felt very nostalgic for us.  We will be leaving Las Vegas tomorrow so I'm sad we didn't go here earlier.  But we will definitely be back.  If only they can move to the OC....
5	Was introduced to this place by friends and I immediately fell in love. I moved to Vegas recently and have been craving authentic thai cuisine. I'm so happy to have found this place!The inside is clean and simple. Been here often and at different times and there is no wait time for seating. Wait time for food is about 10-15 minutes. They even deliver for FREE! Now to the good part. The food is EXCELLENT. Absolutely delicious. Exactly the taste that I'm used to. The chicken larb is so good. Very flavorful. A few times I've asked for them to not add as much fish sauce as it was a little too salty. The fried rice is also good. They serve decent size portions. You can easily share between two people. The pad thai is also good. One of my favorites that I haven't found at any other thai restaurant is the beef jerky with sticky rice. Seriously, try this!The service is AWESOME. We are usually waited on by a lovely lady named Belle. She is super sweet, and super friendly. EAT HERE!:D
4	I went here with my boss and a coworker for lunch one day. We ordered vegetable egg rolls, shrimp fried rice, pad-see-ew, and red curry. The vegetable egg rolls were fresh and delicious.The shrimp fried rice (with spicy level 3) was fantastic. I'd come here again for this dish. I could handle the spicyness, but my boss and coworker were sweating. I'd recommend spicy level 2 as bearable for people who aren't accustomed to spicy food. The pad-see-ew and red curry were good also.
4	The outside may be deceiving about the food on the inside.  I stopped by on my way out west with the family and all of our meals were very good.  The service was outstanding and they even gave us a free appetizer.  Overall I would recommend this restaurant to friends and family.
4	Pretty much only positives to say about this place. Our food was fantastic, and I do have a pretty good idea what Thai food should be like, having grown up in Portland, OR. If you like eggplant, get the eggplant stir fry. Oh man, delicious. Our server was very sincere and helpful. The decor is simple and a bit chintzy, but for a $7 meal, one can't really complain. Their hours are kind of disappointing though, being closed at like 19:30, plus all day Saturday and Sunday. Clearly a lunch hour and after-work crowd. Also, the neighborhood isn't great, though I never felt uncomfortable with my surroundings.
5	went there lunch on thursday lunch around 1pm.  the restaurant is small, have less than 8 tables.  when I get there, two tables were occupied while the rest of tables were waiting to be cleaned.  The waitress came quicky to clean the table and sat us down.  After we sat down, more people come in, looks busy for lunch time for this hole in a wall restaurant.   This is what we ordered for lunch. Papaya Salad (spicy level 2: perfectly done, fresh and crunchy) Tom Yum Soup with chicken (spicy level 3: great, but a little bit too spicy for me) Mint Chicken (spicy level 3: not bad, just prefer more garlic)Red Curry Beef (spicy level 3: not that spicy, I guess I can handle level 4, the sauce taste good) Sweet Sticky Rice and Mango - perfectone diet cokefor a total of $35.80, I bought a $25 gift certificate from restaurant.com for $2, so I paid just about $22 for all the food.  Definitely I will come again when I visit LV
5	I came here often when they first opened in late 2009.  It is a small, family owned restaurant.  The food is really good.  My favorites were the pineapple fried rice, seafood tom yum and beef salad though everything else is great.  Service is very good, if you tell them you want it less or more spicy they do it.  Everything is cooked to order and very fresh.  The neighborhood itself is not the best so it's best you come in the day or early eve., but if you order the food take out you should be fine.  The restaurant's close to CSN and the MAX line so it makes for a nice place to catch a break.
4	So many things this restaurant has could mean it's a bad place, yet for Siam Garden they all work for it.  Shady part of town, tiny dining area, homey fixtures, cheezy animated pictures and one of those little fake waterfall setups.  That was my impression when I came here for the first time, then I started to notice a few things.  Like how clean it always is, how friendly and attentive the staff is, the pictures of all the smiling customers, and of course the food.   I've tried a pretty wide selection of their menu, soups, noodles, stir fry, and appetizers. Everything has been top rate, one of our favorites is the Thai beef jerky and sticky rice.  Their lunch specials are good and cheep, you always get plenty of food.  If you're in the military they have a discount too.  The other night we were eating here and I noticed how it feels like you're eating at a friends place, maybe not the in the formal dining room, with the florescent lights it's more like a table in the kitchen and that's alright, it's more comfortable.
3	Definitely another place that defines hole-in-the-wall. I didn't even know there were any Asian joints in this area but apparently there is. I was introduced to this place by my friends because we needed a place to hit for lunch while at CSN Cheyenne campus. Yes this area is really sketchy, but don't let that stop you from coming here. I immediately looked for the lunch specials ($6.50 + 10% student discount- what a deal!) I ordered the BBQ chicken in hopes of it being somewhat like Thai BBQ's and unfortunately it was not. I guess nobody can duclicate their famous BBQ. This was just okay and fortunately we ordered other things like Pad Thai and chicken satay. Pad Thai was really good, one of the better ones I've tried. I was at first surprised to see the color of the noodles to be color-less. That was weird for me because they usually had a orange/redish color, but our asian friend immediately corrected me and said they don't use food coloring- good to know! Other than the color issue it was really tasty. The chicken satay was good too and came with a peanut sauce. The service was standard and probably a step up from most Asian restaurants. The decor was really off, but I guess that's what makes it hole-in-the-wall. All in all, great experience. I will definitely be paying them a visit before the semester is over!
5	I LOVE Thai food and I have tried Thai places to eat everywhere from New York to Hawai'i.  This place, is by far, the best Thai food I have ever eaten!!!  Service is great, it is literally a hole in the wall.  I love their pad thai, pad see ewe, pad woon sen, pineapple fried rice, green curry fried rice, grilled beef salad, wonton noodle soup and tom kha soup.  Everything is so fresh and deliscious!  I recommend everyone to try the food there at least once, expecially if you are in the mood for something different.
4	So far I've loved everything about this lil family owned "hole in the wall", it is very much like eating in a friends kitchen. Warm, welcoming & friendly. I will only go as far as 4 on their spicy level, lol. The Crab fried rice here in phenomenal!! I'm surprised no one has mentioned it...if your not afraid of the area, stop by, just not on a weekend because that is their only downfall (they are not opened) :(
4	My husband actually discovered this hole in the wall and he's been here with his work buddies more often than not.  He tried taking me a couple of times but they were closed the first time (closed on Friday nights through the weekend).  I can't remember what happened the other time.  But obviously we eventually found our way there.Onto what you came here for.  This place is small.  I mean really really really...really small.  So, if you're gonna hit them up for lunch you better get here just before 11.  After 1130 you can probably count on waiting for a seat or few to open up, especially if you're with a group.  The lunch specials are a good deal.  You get a drink with your lunch sized meal.  The kids had the bbq pork (marinated pork chop sliced on the bone), I had the Pad Prick (er something like that) spice level 3 with tofu.  This was a good spice level for me.  I like a kick to my food but now so hot that I am constantly drinking more than eating.  The hubster had their curry.  That's all he's had and he likes them all with a spice level 5.The waitress is very friendly and helpful.  Good eats for cheap and for my military peeps you get a discount.
5	Love this place!  Anytime I want Thai, this is where you'll find me.  The place is very small, only one (very nice) server, but the food is worth the deficiencies.  Lunch can be crowded, so the best time to go is odd hours or get there at open.My all time favorite is the pineapple fried rice level-3, but I usually try to order something additional just to try other things.  Never disappointed.  Prices are more than reasonable and it's just an overall pleasant experiences!Enjoy!
4	Yay! I'm a fan.Don't let my near average rating fool you; it is entirely subjective towards my experiences.  By Las Vegas standards, this is an absolutely outstanding restaurant.  Unfortunately, that puts a fairly dismal outlook on this city.  So, if you're wondering where you were supposed to be getting (Thai) food this entire time, Siam Garden is a good start.This establishment is located in the same strip-mall as another godsend (USS Fish N Chips).  That means it's in the same shady neighborhood, but like most adventures, some risk is required.  I never thought it was going to be so difficult to find gems like these.  I'd be all for chain-restaurants if they could match the quality AND quantity of Mom & Pop places like these.  A couple do... most don't.  What's so desirable about such places?  It's that feeling that you've been invited into someone's home, and that family is taking personal pride into cooking for you.  Judging by the sincere courteousness of the waitress, and the execution of entrees, Siam Garden definitely falls into that category.I ordered a chicken red curry; my friend ordered the Pad Thai; and we both had Thai Iced Teas.  We are no strangers to Thai, and these dishes are the standard that any respectable Thai restaurant should pass.  I wouldn't say we were amazed or notably impressed, but we pleasantly surprised mostly in part to our lack of luck elsewhere.  When asked, my friend approved of the Pad Thai.  I've become used to seeing more broth than ingredients, so I was quite happy to have my curry chalk full of fresh ones.  I would have liked to have seen more basil and meat, but what was there was all white meat.  I have yet to see a Thai place screw up sticky rice, and this place was no different.  As for the Thai Iced Teas... forget about it.  They are always worth ordering.Their spiciness level is also quite curious.  There is the normal 1-5 (mild, medium, hot, thai hot), but then there's the super 6-15.  I can't image the gastronomical napalm they must be wielding.  Since I was already getting a hot (temperature-wise) dish, I opted for a 2, and it verged on perfect -- should have gotten then 3.  My friend did get the 3, and he was quite content.There's a military discount that was advertised yet we didn't even ask about -- it just showed up on the bill.  Our food arrived fairly quickly, and I'll make another plug for the wonderful customer service by the waitress.  I'm happy places like this can still exist in a city like Las Vegas, and they very much deserve our support.
4	Homestyle. That term probably best describes this tiny hole-in the-wall in Northtown. I came in with a party of 5 just after noon on a Friday for lunch with some work friends. They had been here before, I had not. Honestly I was leaning toward a basket of tater tots from the Juke Joint up the street but was convinced to come along and givie it a try. Soooo glad I did. This one cook/one waitress operation is suprisingly good and an excellent value. I had a BBQ beef lunch special and it was delicious and satisfying. Plenty of food but not so much that I'd be worthless after lunch at work. Others in our party had Pad Thai, some noodle dishes, and other assorted yummies. Everyone really enjoyed the food and extremely friendly service from our kind waitress. One thing to remember....thier spice level system is pretty ridiculous... a "4" was good and spicy, I would imagine that anything higher than 5 will probably rip your face off. Brave the sketchy hood and come give this place a shot. Good food at a good value and as a plus  you'll be supporting some nice people in thier small local establishment.
5	Yum. Just YUM.I walked in and there were 3 other tables. The waitress was incredibly friendly and helpful. She knew I was in a rush and brought everything out quickly. I got fried tofu pad thai to go. It's tasty, The tofu isn't oily like I've had at other Thai places before. It's good.I had the Tom Yum soup with chicken while I waited for my pad thai. Oh. My. God. I will have dreams about this soup. It's just starting to cool off and get windy in Vegas and this hit the spot. Actually, it hit ALL the spots. YUM.I ordered spicy level 3 on both dishes. My mouth is still numb fromt the soup. They have a little sign on the wall saying they have spicy levels up to 5 because it is very spicy but if you want spicier, just ask, they go up to 15. 15!! The 3 was enough to cause my eyes to water and my sinuses to clear and I LOVE and am very used to spicy food. If anyone tries the 15, let me know. I'd be curious to see if you can still speak.
3	Had to work the Cheyenne Campus of CSN a few weeks ago, and I think as I've stated before I absolutely hate the dining options in that area.  Decided to give this place a go since Thai food literally always sounds good to me, and I went with the Mint Chicken lunch special because it was the closest to my usual Spicy Basil chicken that I order at all Thai joints.  First note:  DO NOT USE APPLE MAPS TO GET DIRECTIONS TO THIS PLACE.  I'm batting about 60% success with their new maps as of 11/27/12, so I should have known better, but it had me circling around the Fresh and Easy parking lot which was about a quarter mile up the street (it had me turn right and not a left on LV Blvd from Cheyenne).  So yeah I started wondering if it was somehow connected to Fresh and Easy because a) I'm an idiot and b) Siri kept telling me I'd arrived.  Thanks Siri!   Anyway, I called the restaurant and they told me how to get there with what sounded like a smile on the other end of the phone.When I arrived first thing I noticed was it was packed.   Literally 90% of the tables were full, and people seemed to be enjoying their meals.  It did make it a little uncomfortable to have to stand and wait with a few others who had takeout orders as well.  I dont know about them, but I felt like I was interfering with all the seated patrons' meals.  Besides that service was friendly and I was on my way quickly.  Getting back to my office I opened it up and was generally pleased with what I saw.  Unfortunately they don't have brown rice as an option which I should be used to by now but truth be told it still disappoints each and every time it happens.  I thought they nailed my spice level of 4 out of 5.  It had just enough kick but not so much that it caused an internal organ riot within.  Everything tasted okay, but my biggest issue was the texture and consistency of the chicken.  There's three types of chicken you can get when you order this sort of dish from a thai restaurant (some offer a choice, but I never ask for one way or another):  finely ground (a la Archis and Pin Kaow standard), finely sliced (a la Weera or Prommares), or the third kind which is some sort of amalgam of both of those versions.   I vastly prefer one or the other but not the mixed kind, which is what I got here.  There's something about the texture of it all when the chicken pieces seem halfway ground up or poorly chopped up.   Thankfully there wasn't a lot of fat involved which I've seen occur with this method, but in the end it still was pretty middle of the road for how I've experienced this dish.I would certainly give this place another shot or two if I worked or lived close by, but given how few and far between I'm on that side of town, we are probably never ever getting back together.  Like ever.
4	Decently priced, good lunch specials, and friendly staff.  The trifecta of a good local spot.  Keep in mind that while the menu states that the spiciness level is from 1 to 5, they will go much higher if requested.  The number is the amount of Thai peppers they put in your entree.  I have a pretty high tolerance for spiciness, and 15 was good for me.  The wall is decorated with photos of people who have gone much higher.  If you are curious, ask the waitress about the woman who holds the record. Hint: it's 151.
5	Great value/great taste/great service.  A lot of military folks from Nellis AFB and LVMPD officers from the new jail close by eat there during lunch.  Crab fried rice is a favorite.
5	By far the best Thai food in town. Small family owned place with very friendly service and they will make your dish however you want it. You would have to really make a effort to get your bill over $15 for two people.You could pay $50 for the same thing on the Strip and it will not be anywhere near as good. Very much a lunch or early dinner place (I think they close at 7) Go early because it gets packed very fast for lunch with Nellis and CSN nearby.
5	The only reason I am telling you about this is because I live out of town.  If this was in my hometown I would keep it a secret because it is so good I would want to keep it to myself!  Great authentic Thai.  If you want spicy Thai, this is the place.  Food was fresh and delicious.  I had Tofu Pad Thai that was as good as I have ever tasted.  My wife had the Crab Fried Rice which was also outstanding.  Great food, service and price!  First place I will stop next time in Vegas!!
5	Pad Thai was delicious, some of the best I've ever had! And it was actually spicy. Service was excellent.
5	This place is the bomb! Please do not let the exterior fool you. It may not be in the best area but man is the food great. Having been to Thailand many times, I can atest to this being authentic Thai. Portions sizes are decent and the price is great compared to other Thai places. Service is excellent, although there is only one waitress. Lunch gets very busy as many people on base like to dine here. Try and avoid 12-2pm is you can. Wish they were open later than 6pm, but I guess since it is a mom and pop business they can't be there all day. Give it a try, you wont be disappointed!
4	Don't be scared off by its location.  This is a gem of a place.  No pretenses, no frou-frou...just good Thai food.  The family that runs the establishment is courteous, professional, and will go the extra mile for any requests within reason.  It's a hole in the wall, but they keep busy.  The only downside is that they aren't open on the weekends.  They do well enough during the normal work week that they don't have to.  That's saying something.
5	Excellent Thai in Las Vegas!  Tiny little storefront restaurant owned/run by the nicest ladies gets packed at lunch with Air Force base and CSN crowd.  10% off entire menu for military !!!BONUS!!!  A staple in our office's lunch diet, we're regulars.  We even call it Thai Thursdays!  Their Pad Thai is the best I've ever tasted, my coworker says they make the best Larb, and their soups are delicious, even if you don't have a cold, get some and it will make your day. OMG YUM!  Whenever we order to-go, it is perfectly and individually packaged and boxed ready for pickup within 20 mins.  I don't know how she manages to do that with a full dining room of customers.  She evens carries it out to the car for you even though I tell her she doesn't have to.  We have figured out that by calling in lunch orders by 10:30, we'll beat the mad lunch rush from the base.  When mom & daughter closed up for a week to take a much deserved vacation, our office went through major withdrawal......We love you Siam Garden!!!  See you on Thai Thursday!
4	I will concur with Alma, Carolyn & Prince. Plus, hooray for the military discount (we're proud to serve:-)! Been here twice-first time, group of 5 all raving about the food quality, portions, & prices. The second time, I had a bad head cold, all stopped up, and just generally miserable and so I thought some hot, spicy Tom Yum soup would set me straight. T'was the right decision :-) Nice lady asks me, how spicy-hot on a 1-5 scale? I said 5 cuz I have to shake the cold-she looks at me like "Are you SURE??" When a Thai lady says it like that, I have to listen*. So I said, "Okay, 4!" The hot #4 came and boyoboy, my tongue caught fire & I was sweatin' like a hog in no time! Quickly ordered rice (NOT iced water!) to soothe the mouthburn (Thai lady twinkling eyes with I-told-you-so look). Long story short, my sinuses cleared up, my pores opened up, & gosh darned if I didn't feel much better after this terrific Thai soup! * I listen to Thais now because years ago at the Bangkok Mandarin, I ordered their squid salad & when server asked how hot, I said local Thai hot. He looked at me with that 'are-you-SURE?' look again, and I said proudly "Yes!"--  When I took the first bite, I was never more embarrassed in my life-a volcano had erupted in my mouth & I nearly jumped into the Chao Praya river beside us to cool off! The Thais were LTAO all around me.
5	Best food, cheap prices and the nicest people you could ask for.  The Spicy Eggplant is incredible, as is everything on their menu.  Highly recommended!
4	Been here many times and the service is always awesome! During lunch time it is always busy! They have great military discount. The food is good and the price is very cheap. I would recommend coming here anytime! Granted the place is located in a not so appealing neighborhood... We have had no problems at all.. The pad see ew is very yummy and one of the faves... I love the options of having steamed tofu or fried tofu added to my meals... She is always smiling and great service goes a long way!
5	This place has pretty good food at cheap prices!  I go there for lunch and usually get one of the curry dishes with tofu.  They have different levels of spicy you can get, the main selection being between 1-5, but you can go way past that if you want.  I usually get a 2 or 3 and that's spicy enough for me.  Yesterday I tried the garlic vegetables over steamed white rice, and it was really good, and worked as my lunch and dinner.  I got it vegan style with no oyster sauce.  They have good Thai iced tea too.  This place attracts many military men in uniform who come to eat there using a 10% discount offered, which is always nice to look at also.  ;)
4	My first time here and I likeThai food. It's a little hole in the wall and I heart this place!!!
5	We stopped here on our way to the Valley of Fire, because of the Yelp reviews. It's in a sketchy part of town but most secret places are. We loved the food and the woman who served us was so happy & energetic. It's a tiny place but very popular. Many people arrived within 30 minutes after they opened.
4	Great little Thai place close to Nellis AFB. Fast service and friendly wait staff delivering hot and fresh Thai dishes. Their menu is not expansive but the dishes they do offer are well prepared. Prices are reasonable. Chicken Pad Kee Mow for lunch with a water. $6.95
5	Awesome. Great food and great service. Went by around 230. Empty, seated and fed right away. Got the pineapple fried rice and pad prk. Great.
5	Had an amazing lunch when travelling through Las Vegas! Outside looks are deceiving. Excellent food and service. Prices very reasonable. I will be back next time I'm in the area!
3	Had the green curry with pork - curry had good flavor, not enough vegetables in the dish.Also had the fried shrimp appetizer - six shrimp - good sauce.  Flavorful.Second time to this establishment.  Solid Thai offerings.
5	Went here because Lotus of Siam was closed. My parents are regulars here, so I decided to try it. I had the red pork curry and it is easily comparable to Lotus of Siam's curry. It is much cheaper than Lotus of Siam and I recommend anyone to try it!
5	Yellow curry and chicken fried rice were amazing!! Love this place we will definitely be coming back as regulars. Oh and they have amazing lunch specials for only $6.50. Hard to beat that! The service was great and my two year old, who is very picky, couldn't get enough of the spring rolls and fried rice.
2	Let me be clear up front that this restaurant's food deserves the 5-stars that so many give it. It's great. But restaurants aren't just about food.  Siam Garden is a logistical nightmare. A front of house that is only about 400 square feet coupled with far too many 4- topper tables seating parties of two translates into a very inefficient setup. Plus, there's only one employee in the front of house so she's serving as hostess, waitress, and cashier at the same time. I arrived on a Tuesday for lunch at 11:50am. I was meeting two friends over our lunch hour. After a 20 minute wait, we were seated. Our drinks came within another 10 minutes and we placed our orders. And then we waited. At 12:45, with still no food, my friends asked to change their orders to "to go."  At 12:55, they had to leave without food. The food came out at 1:05pm, 75 minutes after arrival. I paid for all the food and left the restaurant at 1:15pm to deliver the food to my friends' places of employment, a total of 85 minutes from the time I arrived. From the looks of the crowd, this was average for that lunch service. There were a lot of frustrated people. Why 2-stars?  Mainly because Siam Garden's hours are really lunch-only. If you are a lunch-only restaurant and it takes someone 80 minutes to get in and out, that's not impressive. Is the food good?  Yes, undoubtedly, but it makes little difference if the dining experience takes an hour and a half when you have only (ahem) a lunch hour.
3	I ended up here because it seemed to be the highest rated restaurant in the area. I walked in and was surprised at how packed it was, most of the people dining were military and ordering the lunch special. The girl working was running around frantically because she had too many duties. She was the waitress, hostess, food runner, and buser. She needs some help during the lunch rush. I ordered the yellow curry which is usually a safe bet at any Thai restaurant. It came out piping out. Not very pleasant when you can't even enjoy your food because it's too hot to eat. The curry tasted pretty average, chicken was gummy which is pretty standard for a hole in the whole Thai restaurant, vegetables tasted fresh. One thing I did appreciate was the spice level scale being accurate. I ordered the level 2 which I was told was medium spice level. Usually when I ask for medium I get mild but the spice level of my curry was spot on. Three stars for my waitress maintaining composure and friendliness while having to do everything except for cook.
4	This place is close-ish to my office so it is a regular lunch stop.  The food is absolutely fantastic! Everything.  Pad-Thai, wonton soup, red and yellow curry, mint pork all beyond delicious . Even the dessert sticky rice with mango, or roti.... so good! This mother-daughter team work like crazy!  To my knowledge it's just the two of them both front and back of house.  They are working non-stop, but still take the time to be kind, funny and thoughtful.  The prices are also incredibly reasonable. A sit down lunch for two runs about $15, pretty amazing.  The only drawback is that it is TINY! Maybe seats 30, and is close to the Air Force Base, so around lunch time you're lucky to get a seat!
4	Pretty darn good Thai food for the area. Fresh ingredients and lots of vegetables.  Spice levels reach high be careful of even level 5. The Thai lady who runs it is very nice. Make sure you lock car doors !
