4	I like Ikea, I can't fit another piece of Ikea furniture into my house. It really is a huge place. You can't beat them for energy saving lightbulbs and batteries. The best thing to do is to go in the out door and check out bargain corner before you start. There is always something exciting and cheap there. They have a nice range of Christmas things and their Swedish biscuits are great. We love the restaurant and with the family discount card you can get free coffee. The Family card is great, you can get real dicounts with it. Always pay cash if you can, they have a surcharge for card use. I never remember to take my blue bags and end up buying a new one each time I go. I never forget to have an ice cream though.
4	I don't know what letting agents in Edinburgh would do if Ikea didn't exist as every flat I have ever viewed in Edinburgh is decked out with the same Ikea furniture. I quite enjoy wandering around Ikea picking out how I want my room to look. However my room never seems to look the same as the nice set ups in the store. It gets a little tedious half way round when you're stuck behind a slow family with kids jumping on everything. The great thing about Ikea is that everything is so cheap that when it inevitably breaks a year down the line it won't break the bank to pick up a new one. I bought some drawers here recently and the staff member behind the till gave me some sort of Friends of Ikea card which saved some money off them. The restaurant is dirt cheap too. The meatballs are pretty good even with the weird gravy they add. Avoid the juice though, it tastes like Tesco Value juice. But me and Ikea have fallen out. They no longer stock Kopperburg, instead choosing an Ikea cider. Boooooo.
3	IKEA.World know company for affordable furniture. Warning: this place is a ZOO in the beginning of term (September). It's also very cunning of them the fact you have to walk throughout the whole store to get to the exit (I have tried and failed to get through the secret shortcuts but I've been told they're somewhere.). You start picking up stuff you don't need but look good and are very cheap. By the end of it, you're cart is filled with stuff you will have to give away by the end of the year anyway (stay clear of their onion choppers -they're useless items). It's great for stuff like kitchen cutlery or a bathmat but the furniture is... well you pay for what you get so don't expect too much. Also the staff can go to the two extremes: either be super helpful or don't have a clue where anything is. It's a bit out of town and if you don't have the luxury of a car you'll have to take the bus. Make sure you check the return times cause you really don't want to be stuck at that bus stop for hours.(it's the lothian bus 47 )I have a love/hate relationship with the store. Once I came here and they were giving out free delicious Swedish cake. Cunning, very cunning.
5	Ikea!! The staple-store in every home! Who hasn't got a seat or a bookcase from Ikea I ask you?I think it's common ritual for people moving to Edinburgh, whether a student or not, to go straight to Ikea. Everyone needs furniture storage, right? Heck, I sometimes go just for a look around!This shop is exactly like every other Ikea - literally - but if it ain't broke don't fix it.I once came here with a group of friends and played hide and seek. The possibilities are endless, let me tell you!The best part about this Ikea is the cushion section - you can have whatever you want and if they don't have your exact colours, they order it in for you. They have a great section too if you've not got enough nuts/bolts etc, all for free. I came back once because the clock I bought about 3 years previously had stopped working, and I got a full refund or exchange. I thoroughly recommend their fairy-lights too - the best I've ever had!
4	Along with my favourite past times of wandering around ASDA and Tesco superstores, I'm also partial to a wee trip to IKEA now and again and it really is a day out for me. I don't get out much.I can never just go for a browse, I'll always leave with more than one item, usually stuff I don't need or will never use. On my last visit I bought a pink rug, pink champagne flutes, salad spoons and a cuddly frog doorstop. At the time I was ecstatic with my eclectic mix of wares but as soon as I got home I realised that I didn't need any of them in the first place, especially not the frog. IKEA is nonetheless still fantastic and especially great for students if you need to furnish a flat on the cheap but still want it to look reasonably cool. The prices are pretty darn cheap but as the saying goes, you get what you pay for so don't expect the stuff here to be invincible.
3	Although it may be massive, with well-priced, fashionable wares and a cafe selling cheap hotdogs, every time I've been in here I feel a bit like I'm being brainwashed. A friend of mine used to work here and echoed this sentiment, citing the incessent attempts at mind control as being a key factor in his decision to leave, along with having to clean tables and shovel up meatball detritus all day in the cafe, and getting caught with his fingers in the till.He even showed me the induction book that all new staff got, with employee testimonials such as "IKEA is my life" and other comments more akin to a satanic religious cult than a furniture store. As well as the company's sinister agenda, in all honesty I think IKEA's main achievement has been to suck out any semblence of individuality and character out of people's homes, and I don't like the way that you have to walk past every single item on sale before reaching the checkouts.That said, the fact that I'm not the type to lose sleep over interior design issues in my house and couldn't be bothered with the hassle of shopping elsewhere, means that when furniture needs come calling chances are I'll still head here. It's also the only place I know where you can buy a giant plush ant.
5	Now this review has nothing to do with the furniture department and a 2 hours building project realisation that there were a bolt missing. This is all about a swedish haven for a swedish guy - the so called 'swedish food market'. They say that no food is better then one mothers food - being far away from home Ikea's food market simply provides this close as possible replacement by providing those meatballs, pickled herring, crisp breads and salt liquorice sweets.It just is a nostalgia moment of midsummer nights parties and christmas meals and I just love it!
5	I Hate Ikea!They always have great gadgets & designs that I'm compelled to buy!Dam you Ikea! (5 Stars)
3	IKEA.  Love you... love you not... love you... love you not...Love you for the cheapness and quirky designs - love you not for the cheap tack that doesn't last!Went here on Sunday (big mistake! - too busy, too many people walking too slowly - aarrrgh!) to buy some essentials, came out with said essentials and more things I don't actually need!!?  Clever retail at it's best!  The shop is designed so you have to walk through the confusing and overwhelming maze of model rooms that you drool over.  Then take you by the very reasonably priced cafe - because you need some subsistence after that trek!  I've heard people actually just come to Ikea for the cafe food too!  After that it's downstairs through the small items 'shop' with kitchen utensils and linen items etc and then you're spat out to through the check out and into a food shop and take-away food offer - just incase you haven't bought enough!?  I hate shopping at the best of times, but this place has got to be a pet hate for commercialism! Having said that, the Ikea staff were very helpful, as I said before Ikea make cheap tack that doesn't last... I bought a shelving unit with doors (Bonny) a couple of years ago and some of the hinges and brackets are now broken.  I went to the spare parts area and explained the problem, after 15mins finding the part numbers they said the parts would be delivered to my home within 2-7 working days, free of charge! :) Happy result... just hope it fixes my shelf!
3	Time is lost in here...A love/hate relationship...Army of builders!
3	A 10am opening was surprising, who'd have thought it'd be so late? Never the less, the wait was worth seeing how my car (one man band, placed neatly mid car park) would act as a honey pot for everyone else by 9:59. There were at least eight other rows to choose...In fact, without realising, that was the perfect start to an Ikea experience. Compulsory people watching. There is something mildly entertaining about pretending not to hone in on a 7 year old's conversation with his exasperated Mum, where he whips out five reasons why the blue and green plastic storage boxes would be ideal for his lego collection. He had valid points, too, high five for negotiation skills.Items here are nearly always useful and well designed, the tedious walk can be shortened using the stairs, and the best part about going on your own is gambling on which friendly stranger to ask to guard your trolley of goodies (Should you have more than an armful) while you retrieve your car from the honey pot!
4	It's a handy store that has almost everything to furnish the home!The big blue box isn't that far to get to from mine as it takes 15 mins tops in good traffic.  I tend to not get anything in the cafe as it really doesn't justify swedish food.  Although i'm a sucker for a hot dog down at the foyer sometimes!It's had a massive re jiggle but still easy enough to get round.  I'm defo going to get fabric from the collection as they have a few neat patterns.  staff are usually helpful when you need the help!
4	Having just moved into an unfurnished flat, naturally my first stop for fitting it out with the necessary furniture on a tight budget was the Mystical Realm Of Flatpack. You know what you're getting with IKEA, and (assuming what you want is in stock) you get the same at every branch. So what's so good about this particular branch?Well, for starters, it's on two levels. Other branches of IKEA that I've been to have all been on one floor, which is fine and dandy until you reach the "Marketplace" (that's the bit where you can actually put stuff in your trolley instead of just writing down the name and number of things too big to carry) and suddenly you get totally lost. You walk through an interdimensional gap in the chopping boards and find yourself way back in Sleeping Solutions with no way to reunite with your companion ever again, like a Rose Tyler of futons.Not so in this natty two-storey arrangement. That two-phase approach to the IKEA experience is neatly divided by a set of stairs.The staff are also rather pleasant. The lady who scanned my multitude of pallets wished me "happy building" and the chappy who served me my hot dog (you gotta have a hot dog; it's the law) was almost skipping around the counter. Strange but true.Everything that I wanted, with the exception of a mirror that I really shouldn't have been thinking of buying anyway, was in stock. Lucky me, or efficient them, or both. (Clearly if breaking a mirror is bad luck, intending to buy one that you don't even need is very good luck.) And I sailed away with a song in my heart and a desk in my van, and a merry afternoon was thereafter had sorting out screws and cams and what-the-heck-is-this-things and generally converting two dimensions into three.
4	Pros: - Has EVERYTHING you'll ever need for your home.- Has EVERYTHING you never realised you need for your home.- Jars of pickled herring.- Hot dogs and meatballs.- It's huge and has lots of parking.Cons: - Too many people in my way.- Too many little children to trip over.- Often when you find something you like, the colour and size that you want is out of stock.- It's addictive and you'll spend too much then when you get home you'll realise that you didn't buy the one thing you went there for in the first place.I love it!
3	The one thing you need to know about Ikea, especially here in Edinburgh, is that whatever you want from Ikea, you can usually get a LOT cheaper via Gumtree. I have found things I really wanted at less than half price in this manner. Search using the Ikea name of the item and you could be pleasantly surprised to find not one but five of the item for sale used, as happened with the bunk bed I wanted. That said, this Ikea is much like other Ikeas. A place one goes to in hope and leaves in sober resignation. Do use the stock checker on the web site before you venture over. Do not go at weekends, it's usually mad with people and children. If you have to do Ikea, go over just after tea time on a quiet week night and you might even get to park somewhere near the actual store. Get the Ikea Family card (free to sign up) and enjoy some extra discounts and a free coffee in-store on weekdays. The food is never as nice or as cheap as they would have you believe, so skip the busy main restaurant and hit the take-away near the check-out. They have those horse-meat meatballs for sale frozen if you like them that much (I don't) but sometimes the food section has some sweet deals on Swedish alcoholic cider, smoked salmon and that lingonberry juice my kids seem to think is so good. Good luck. It's like Mordor. Nobody just walks in there.
