5	My hubby and I decided to check out this church and we were very pleased with the service.  We arrived about 10 minutes late and the usher was nice enough to find us seats.  Although, we arrived late, we felt welcomed.  Their customer service is impeccable.  This church is true to their statement:  Come as you are.  They have ample parking available.  Service times are convenient.  The auditorium is spacious.  Location is conveniently close to home.  They also have a seating area for families with infants.  Oh and get this, they sell Starbucks coffee...yummy!
5	I love the Crossing. They are very welcoming. Every thing is so convenient. There's a separate place for your children if you want, Starbucks inside w/ complimentary coffee, a huge parking lot. There is no pressure. They have small groups available to those who would like to sign up. They always get involved w/ the community in helping those in need. The live music really gets you hyped up to worship the Lord. Most importantly, I love the messages they share every Sunday. The bottom line..It's all about the love for Jesus here.
4	This church reminds me of my home church back home. I just need to come more often and hear the word and receive my blessings. Since its very close to my house thats another plus.
5	Umm is it weird that I would feel weird giving any church a less than 5 star rating..? LOL Is that like giving Jesus a less than 5 star rating??? HAHA I really do like this church. It's not too big and not too small. And they have really convenient service times.. I think 8AM, 11AM & 6PM ? I usually go to the 6PM service. It may be weird to some people because it's not a live sermon during the 6PM service.. It's a recording of one of the earlier services. But it's showed on 2 side screens and 1 huge high def center screen so it feels live and the message is definitely still just as powerful. The pastor is funny and not boring and gives sermons that you can relate to and that touch the heart. The worship is live and their team has a lot of amazing talent. They also take part in communion every Sunday. Their motto is " Come as you are.." which is awesome because sometimes I just want to come with no makeup and sweats without being looked at like I'm crazy.. They often have a food truck in the parking lot. And they have their own cute little cafe.. HOT TIP: They serve complimentary Starbucks coffee.. haha
4	It's time for me to write some reviews of the churches i've attended since living in Las Vegas full-time ( 2006 ) My church reviews are limited to Sermon attendance on either Saturday, Sunday or Wednesday but primarily Sunday.  Also, another confession - i have yet to "formally" commit to any specific church ( I won't bore you with the details as to why. ) The Crossing is my " go-to" church.  It's the closest to my house, I've attended more "non-sermon" activities with this church than any other.Sunday sermons are:Live - 8:30. 10, 11:30Recorded - 6 pmSpecial times and days for Easter and ChristmasPastor Shane is an above average speaker.  He's engaging, infuses humor at appropriate times and his message is positive.  At times, his message focuses on serious topics but the focal point is uplifting.  I find the other pastors that speak to be overly focused on humor and at times tangential in their message.The music is amazing and very uplifting.  Not sure i agree with the weekly communion but it's a minor issue.I'm impressed with how they reach out to help the community and abroad.They are in the process of undertaking a large expansion of the Church - can't remember how much larger the building will be but personally, i'm not too comfortable being in a "large" church so still praying as to the Lord's will as to my future direction.
5	Can't beat this on a Sunday morning! This is my favorite church in Las Vegas. The staff and volunteers really show you how much they genuinely care about all that walk through the doors. If you've ever been turned off by church because you felt you would be judged or were tired of the hypocrisy, this is where you need to be. No matter where you are in your life or how your walk has been, you will feel at home here.Plus... there's a cafe and free Starbucks coffee. :)
5	Been coming here over a year, we LOVE it here! It feels like HOME!The church's motto "come as you are" stands true here....you wont feel judged in anyway. Greeters and staff are mostly volunteers....so don't take it personal if you are the sensitive type and feel rubbed the wrong way (no pun intended)....come experience the grace of God with an open mind and a spirit of fellowship with everyone. Pastor Shane is a humble man and always the first to acknowledge his weaknesses. As he always said, we are all on the same journey....his sermons are recorded live on their website.Four services on Sun 0830, 10am, 1130, and 6pm. Coffee shop that serves Starbucks Coffee (try heir doughnut holes ;)  A bit "slow" right before each service time...think of yourself at starbucks drive thru in the am and you'll have more patience and peace :) volunteers at the coffee shop too.Childcare staffed with friendly volunteers and snacks/story times for totsA "casual" cafe /family room setting - called the "Venue" to encourage family worshiping together. some families bring their strollers, bfast there. Worship teams are uplifting and if you allow God to work in you...you feel much of His presence during worship and service. Bible study groups cover a wide range of topics that we all deal with from relationships to finances. They have  women, Men or mix bible study groups pretty much all week and varying hours and season so you can participate easily. Its location right off 215/Buffalo is an easy drive. They are currently building a new auditorium.
4	Great Starbucks coffee.  Enjoyed the worship team.    Pastor kept my attentions with his style.  Enjoyed the message.   Reminds me of other Mega church styles, including Elevation in Charlotte. Central, in Vegas and Saddleback Church, in Southern CA,
5	Have been coming here for many months now. As big as this church is they do a great job making us feel welcome and giving us chances to get involved. If you feel like you "fall through the cracks" it's because you are not grabbing the many chances to be involved.
5	Real. Involved. Caring. Pertinent.  Life-changing. Contemporary.  Authentic.  Community-minded. Visionary.  Humble.  Humorous.
5	Hands down one of the best churches I have been to. My wife and I had a great church in Denver and moved here and found the crossing. The music the message the people all are great  even the coffee is great. One thing that sticks out to me is how available the pastors are to you. They can be found all over the campus in the lobby after service and even emailed one and got a response within a hour or so. So if your looking for a genuine come as you are church to call home this is the place!
5	I love my church! I've been attending for 3 years. Pastor Shane is such an amazing man of God. I love how giving and active in the city and the world the Crossing is. They are constantly organizing mission trips and community outreach. They have an awesome singles program where they are always doing doing fun activities and outings. The new sanctuary is beautiful and very open. I have so enjoyed watching the church grow and I pray it continues. Please try us out and if you don't care to come back at least enjoy some free coffee. There is so much love here, come see for yourself.
5	The church is awesome and doing a good work in Las Vegas. I hope to go again.
5	The main reason we stay and love Vegas so much!  Such a great church to be a part of for many reasons.* It's come as you are, I like how they acknowledge that nobody is perfect, we are all going through something, broken in some way so let's join together and learn how to do life together the way God intended us to do*Messages are from the bible and even though many many years ago, it still pertains to us now and they explain the stories in an easy way for us to understand how we can relate it to today's world*A place to go and feel refreshed and fed spiritually to help you get through the next week*Great Kids programs, my kids love it! They do fun songs, activities and lessons.  So thankful for the Wed night middle school and up session where they cover real life issues that teens go through.  Blown away by how much they cover and offer these kids a safe place to open up and deal with struggles at that age.*So cool you can get coffee and breakfast there before service starts...the church is very up to speed technically and socially wanting to make things as convenient as possible while intentionally having spaces for people to fellowship.*Music is amazing! I always tell people it like your at a concert but it's not over the top where you don't feel like your at church.  Good mix of upbeat and slow songs.  When you feel like crying and don't know why?  Music can get you :)*Even as big as it is, the pastors and other leaders are good about remembering who you are and as long as you stay connected, there are ways to feel apart of a big church.  The women's group annual Cookie Exchange and Spring Tea are pretty fun!*It's also great to be part of a church that does so much locally and all over the world.  Also nice to know that if you ever fell into hardship they would be there to support you.  On the flip side also there to support the happy times as well.  They celebrate with you!I just love this church and all the people that are in it.  Has changed our lives and continues to teach us!
5	The Crossing is my favorite place to spend a Sunday morning.  Great message, music, and people.  Come check it out...we'll save you a seat!
5	Nice, relaxed, welcoming and accepting.3 reasons I'm calling this home:1. Mission Trips: local and global2. Singles ministry - just cool people living life together (not like "Hey baaabyy" more like, Christians in a healthy community).3. Men's Ministry: breakfast 1x/month, men's retreat,  men's events/bible study etc.
5	In still fairly new to this church, but I always enjoy coming here for service. The crossing is such a beautiful big and welcoming. They even put the bible versus on the big screens so everyone that's far away can see. My kids enjoy the children service as well.
