2	The Saturday after breaking my liver and recovering from a hangover, I decided that pizza sounded great! I love supporting non-chain establishments, the mom and pop shops of my hood. I decided to order a pizza from Stumpy's. Meh. It wasn't awful, it wasn't inedible, but it didn't knock my socks off. The sauce was a little plain and I ordered extra cheese on my pizza and got just enough cheese to cover the sauce.  I am willing to try Stumpy's again because the service is so friendly and the pizza is prepared right in front of you. Maybe I should start with a plain pepperoni before going into the sausage and onion realm. Maybe I got a little crazy on my first trip. No...I don't think so, but I'm willing to give them another shot.
4	Was really good. I got a calzone from here, it was tasty. They had a lot of traffic coming in and out, so they must be really known.plus the customer service is extremely good.
4	I quite like their pizza.  This tiny little shop on Northern Avenue has a seating facility for approximately 16 people but they have quick turnover during lunchtime and the place is exceptionally well run for a small business. When I went there I wasn't very adventurous with the toppings, just stuck to plain old pepperoni and mushroom. They prepared the pizza right in front of us, the service was quick and the huge slice was so hot that I could hardly hold it with my fingers. They seem to be making changes to and improving their business every week.My colleagues and I are definitely going back to Stumpy's to try their subs and more.
5	Some of the best pizza I know of in Phoenix - and now they deliver. If they'd only be open on Sundays, when most hangovers occur, they'd be unstoppable.Incredible sauce, great crust, pleasant owners. Try the sliced sausage topping. The only downside is this is NOT healthy fare - I don't know what the calorie count is per slice, but it's up there.
4	We've had takeout and delivery, and it's good pizza!  Woodfire oven baked goodness!  Definitely will continue to frequent this shop - especially on nights we're too pooped to cook for ourselves.  So glad to have them around!
5	everything about this place spits hot fire, and spitting hot fire is gooooooood!  Chase and the crew rock it without even breaking a sweat.  Pizza. Wings. all great, but if you think you are ready for it, try the italian sub on crispy sourdough, hot with everything and habanero mayo,  call it "The Matt" BOOM! Instant classic.  Don't even try another sub in the state, it's a waste of time.  Stumpy's is it.
5	With the heavenly smells of browning crust and cooking toppings greeting me upon walking in the door, it was like entering in a neighborhood pizzeria that I'd been going to my entire life with its almost-tangible, homey comfort. And as soon as I saw the pizzas on the tables around me, I knew that I had found something special.Having phoned-in my pizza order for take-out, I stepped up to the register to pay and noticed a sign suggesting that I try a cannoli for dessert... Cannolis! Are you serious?! It's like someone took my favorite fattening foods (minus cheddar goldfish crackers & McDonalds fries) and crammed them into one easy-to-access location.  I'm sensing a lot more exercise in my future to offset the caloric intake (and yes, I did have them add a cannoli to my order)... anyway... back to the pizza!It's probably good that I drive a stick-shift car because it was all that I could do to not grab a piece and start munching on my ride back home. After seeing all the other pizzas at the restaurant and imagining how they tasted, the smells permeating my car were like an intoxicating siren's call. After an extremely long, ten minute drive back to my house, I was finally able to open up the box that contained my treasure: a Greek pizza... Kalmata olives, banana peppers, red onion, artichoke hearts, feta & mozzarella cheeses piled on top of a crust that I would call just about perfect.
4	we were staying at the local resort and decided to get a few pies for takeout. We went with the Hawaiian and the Philly Cheese Steak pizza. When you walk in, your smacked in the face by the smell of ooohey gooey cheese and baked pies. Nuff said. Great.  The pizza was pretty good. It's not comparable to Cibo or LGO but this is a different kind of pizza joint. It's more in the realm of Pizza hut, Papa Johns and Dominos except it KILLS them. can't say too much about great quality pies made at a local pizza spot, definitely a gem if your in the area and looking for a good pie
4	We stayed at the Hilton Squaw Peak and dug around our Entertainment book for local coupons. Stumpy's Pizza was Saturday night's winner and it was damn good. We had a B1G1 pizza so did a half & half for the first one (Medium 1/2 Hawaiian and other 1/2 canadian bacon and onions) and the other pizza, a small Philly Cheese Steak. The pizza toppings were plentiful for both pizzas and the crust was very good. It was enough food for the four of us with leftovers, too. On top of that, they make fresh baked giant chocolate chip cookies that I am still salivating over. Ugh, so good. This was a good local pizzeria that beats out the typical delivery spots. Speaking of delivery, apparently they do, too! I wonder if they make it down to 7th and Osborn????
4	Pretty good pizza. I've tried just about every pizza place around and this is in the top 5.
4	Been ordering pizza from Stumpy's for some time now, and its pretty darn tasty.  I am super picky about pizza and my least favorite part of pizza is the sauce.. yeah, yeah, I know-weird... but anyways..  When I order pizza I always as for easy sauce and very few places actually give me easy sauce.  Stumpy's however, always listens.. which is greatly appreciated.  The pizza is always ready prompt and piping hot and fresh and they very frequently have coupons available which is an added bonus to their already reasonable prices!  Love this mom and pop!
4	Stumpy's is a family-owned restaurant just off the 51 Freeway and Northern. I love them. They have a zany-garlicky homemade house Italian dressing to top their crunchy salads. Yes, they told me you can buy it by the bottle, if you end up loving it as much as I do. Their pizza? Delicious crust, tons of cheese and generous toppings. Their baked wings? Tangy and delicious, perfect for dipping into their homemade bleu cheese dressing. Even though they are normally crazy-busy on a Friday night, they still called my cell just to make sure I received my order and enjoyed it. Online ordering, too. http://pizzabystumpys.com/Just go. (Closed on Sundays.)
5	I have a passion for great pizza.  It's been my favorite food since I was a kid. I've outgrown my fondness for the typical pep & sausage as my tastebuds have been seeking out new flavors. The first time I tried the Gourmet White Pizza at Stumpy's I believe I heard the chorus to Hallelujah! Another favorite of mine is the Hot Blue Chicken Wing Pizza...an explosion of flavorful deliciousness! So good...I am actually salivating over my keyboard just thinking about it! Anyway...Stumpy's is by far one of my most favorite pizza places. Another giant plus? The owners and staff are the most amazingly friendly people I have ever met. They greet everyone with a warm smile and a wonderful pizza!
5	The ultimate calzone.  I've had a lot of calzones, and this one takes the cake hands down.  I think I could eat one every day.  Made with ricotta and whatever you want.  Even the marinara to dip in is extra fabulous.  Friendly staff, always busy.  I hear the pizza is good too!
5	Great local pizza, and the employees are always friendly!
5	Great pizza and wonderful staff! I love their house italian dressing for their salads!
5	Stumpy's is awesome. I used to go here a lot more often when my boyfriend lived just up the road. He's moved to the south end of Phoenix so it's no longer convenient to go to Stumpy's, but I crave it all the time and hope to go back soon.Love their pizzas! The only pizza I've eaten from there that I didn't completely love was the Philly Cheese Steak pizza. An interesting idea that suffered a bit in reality, I thought. Their other pizzas are great though! If you're not in a pizza mood, their hot sandwiches are amazing as is their chicken salad. Definitely get it with the house dressing, this was the best chicken salad I've ever had!!The guys that work there are very friendly and always remember the regulars and treat them like old friends. Check this place out if you're in the area, or make a special trip if you're not nearby. It's worth it!
5	Good pizza, nice people, great rock and roll. Coupons, too. What more can you ask?
5	I ordered Stumpy's pizza for the first time last night because I was tired of all the corporate pizza places nearby my girlfriends place, I wanted something different, something REAL, and now that I have experienced their signature pizzas, I can honestly say Stumpy's does it RIGHT! Everything was prepared like it actually should be (like a real pizzeria) unlike these franchise pizza corporations. I have a NEW pizza spot while I'm at my girlfriends now, I HIGHLY recommend (if you already haven't) you try it!
4	The best pizza I have had in a long time. I give it 4 stars because the area it is in is hard to find and somewhat shady. We ordered a pineapple, bacon, feta pizza. Even though it took me a while to find this place (my fault. Forgot phone and had to return home to Mapquest), the crust was crisp and the pizza was perfect! 5 stars if you open a location further north or expand ur delivery area.
4	There is no bad pizza...I just moved to Phoenix from Brooklyn, so what do I go for on the first night I'm here? I go for a taste of home. I go for some 'za.I was on my way to the grocery store, and you should never wander the isles on an empty stomach, and Stumpy's 2 slices + medium drink combo for under $7 did me right.I asked for pepperoni & sausage, and the guy at the counter asked me if I want crumbled or sliced sausage. They don't usually have a choice at most pizza shops, and if you get asked this question, ALWAYS opt for crumbled.Pizza is pretty good here and the customer service was amazing. I thought for a second, that I was back at Vinny's in Greenpoint, because of the atmosphere and the friendly people working here.I have a carryout/delivery menu from Stumpy's but it's nice to dine in or sit outside on a cool evening, too!
5	Probably the best Pizza and Wings in town! Pizza is always fresh and piping hot. I could fill up on wings alone if I didn't crave their pizza. I often get a pizza to take home for the next day if im in the area and have already eaten! They got great lunch specials as well. Make sure to check out some dessert the homemade cookies and rice krispies are legit!Great name, great staff, DELICIOUS food!
5	If you're looking for the best Brooklyn style pie in Phoenix, this is it. Those other places...fugheddaboutit. My personal favorite is "The Meats " Pizza, although I've had "The Works" as well. ask for fresh garlic.My kids love their pizza crisp and my wife loves the manicotti.If you want wings and pizza try their Buffallo Bleu Cheese Pizza.
4	Always judge a pizza place by the simple cheese pizza.  This place was awesome, very quick, friendly, cheap and yummy.I go here when I take my boys to Kumon next door, it is right off the 51 at Northern.  Highly recommend for a cheap, quality pizza.
5	I've never had a bad pizza. Their crumbly sausage is so good and their service can't be beat. Yummy!
5	This place was fantastic. First of all I placed my order online. They called me in about 30 seconds to verify the order since my zip code for the credit card was out of state. Once I got there the food was ready in the time promised (they even held it for a few minutes once he learned I would be making another stop first). I took the food back to the hotel room and it was perfect. The order details (no tomatoes, certain cheese, ect...) they nailed it. No corners cut. The pizza slice my son got was fantastic and the subs my wife and I got were fresh and delicious!
5	Drove by many times and decided to stop today, so glad I did. Ordered a hot roast beef sub with Swiss cheese. It was awesome! Awesome! They use real roast beef, eyes big with pleasant surprise. I'll certainly go back to try other items on the menu. It's a small place and not a chain. I like that! No alcohol served and that's OK with me. Hours are Mon.-Sat. 11a-9p. Subs are $7.00 & change; pizza starts at $11.50. Employee's work well together, nice to see. I sat waiting on my order and watched the cashier carry an order out to another customers car. HUH??? Yippee for Stumpy's, you rock.
4	Absolutely wonderful pizza and wings - Delivered.
4	We're out of towners using Yelp to eat in tonight.  We were really happy with The Works from Stumpy's - excellent flavor, nice bready but crisp crust periphery, complimentary fresh garlic :), and fast delivery.  I'd recommend and definitely order from again.  (Please send napkins with delivery).  Did I mention the great fresh garlic?
5	Literally, the best pizza in the whole Phoenix Metro area.  If you don't like this place chances are that nobody likes you and you're a complete moron.  You know who you are! Lol!
4	Great local pizza.  Not as fast or cheap as a chain but worth the wait and expense.   If you can pick it up that is the best and fastest.  I would not recommend ordering on line as on two different occaisions, my online order was not noticed until I called wondering why my pizza had not arrived.   The cannoli are stuffed to order and quite delicious - I haven't had one that good outside of the East coast.   Now, if only they were open on Sunday, I wouldn't have to ever go anywhere else for Pizza.
1	A "neighborhood joint" that's closed on Sundays during football season???
5	Stumpy's has been our go-to place for years.  I remember when they first opened and I'd take my small kids over to watch them make our pizza.  The service has always been wonderful and they make a great pizza.  Our favorite happens to be the works: topped with fresh ingredients, sausage, onions, pepperoni, mushrooms.  Yum!  They know me by name, know what we like, and always have a great big smile for us when we come in to pick up our order (even though they deliver, I enjoy going in to see everyone).
4	It was a Monday, and since Spinatos was closed I didn't feel like I was sinning by satisfying my craving for pizza with the local competition.I ordered a medium with bacon and pineapple.This place makes a good pie for sure. I'll probably earn some ire by saying nothing super special, but a-ok.  I've heard the sandwiches and calzones are good, so I'm sure I'll give it a second try for that.So if I'm saying nothing special then why the 4 stars?  This place is quick, inexpensive (only slightly more than chains) and the customer service was awesome.  So much personality!!!!!  They made me want to come back in her over and over again, and I'm sure if it weren't for two other local pizza chains that stole my heart first, I probably would crown this my local pizza place.
4	Customer service, great price and an excellent pizza. After reading some of the reviews I am encouraged to take a moment and talk about the sandwich's. Look if there is something that you want that is not on the menu, they will make it with a smile. For years I have worked the menu, sometimes I will spend a few return trips on one sandwich just making sure I really like it. It is worth your time to take a drive and enjoy the food, they are not open on Sunday's and thats ok but just a heads up.
5	My second son Charlie was fed a diet of Stumpys Pizza's and Subs while in-utero, so much in fact, that I probably should've named him Stumpy.  Pros & Cons:Pros: Best pizza ever. Great crust, super light.  Great cheese, yes, the quality of cheese matters.  Sauced perfectly and topped accordingly.  It's really an art people.  Best subs.   Really big subs, you can share, but you're not going to want to.Best wings:  I've always maintained a wing should be fried, not baked.  They bake their wings here and they are the best wings I've ever had.  Their wing sauce is amazing... super garlicky with just enough kick.Cons: I live outside of their delivery area.  Oh wait, that's my fault.  Actually they are closed on Sundays.  Really cramps my pizza style.
5	This is my favorite pizza joint in AZ. I come here all the time, and the service and food are always consistently great. At this point, they even know what I want when they see me, haha. I take everyone here, and I'd recommend that everyone try Stumpy's!
5	This place is the bomb. Fan-freaking-tactic pizza. Truly some of the best ive ever had. The owner is a really nice lady who made my pizza herself. I would recommend this to anyone. If only I lived closer I would have it more often.
4	After working in the area for 2 years I finally checked out Stumpy's on the suggestion of a friend, and wow, I was missing out! The place is small and no frills, but they are churning out some huge sandwiches with quality ingredients and some delicious looking pizza.  While $9.50 including tax, for a sub, drink and chips sounds a bit pricey, the sandwich can easily cover you for 2 meals.  While I waited for my to go order, the slices of pizza I saw coming out of the oven where huge!  They had thin crusts and were piled high with toppings, I almost wanted to change my order....but I guess I will just have to come back another day!
3	Had cheese and sausage with onion pizza. Crust was limp and doughy. Italian salad was average. Not my kind of pizza
5	Decided to stop here for my lunch today since I was craving a Meatball Sub. The Italian Bread was crunchy on the outside and chewy in the center (which I love). It's baked with the Mozzarella Cheese on it, and it melts all over the sandwich. Although, that makes the bread under the cheese kind of soggy which I didn't like, but the rest of it made up for this. Otherwise I'd have given Stumpy's 5 stars.The meatballs were good and I could actually taste them. They don't douse the sub in marinara making it all soggy, which I also like. I barely finished my sub and I should have stopped eating it earlier but it was too good!I was watching them make pizza in the back, and it looks like they make pizza slices to order. They even roll out the dough for each individual order. And like everyone else mentioned, they staff there was really polite and friendly. All said and done I spent $10, and felt like it was worth it. I'll be back, and next time I'll try their pizza.UPDATED 5/22/12 - Had the meatball sub a 2nd time, and the bread was not soggy even with the extra cheese. I had a (3) slice of "The Butcher" pizza. Loved it. This place is extremely friendly, small, and good food. Updated from 4, to 5 stars.
4	When I first moved to the Phoenix area, a co-worker directed me to this place. I had an amazing club sandwich on the freshest bread possible. Despite telling everyone how delightful it was and driving by frequently, for years I never went back! Fortunately, my husband and I moved relatively close and are lucky enough to be within their delivery area. Our first delivery consisted of The Greek pizza and The Big Dipper sandwich. Our second, The Big Dipper. The third, The Big Dipper. Seeing a trend here? The Big Dipper is amazing. It's sliced Roast Beef, Smoked Provolone, Garlic Butter, and Au Jus all toasty and warm. We've also had their Homemade Meatballs and Garlic Toast with Mozzerella and Marinara. The meatballs definately satisfied a craving, and while the sauce really makes the meatballs, I thought the beef was a little dry. The garlic toast was highly addictive and we've ordered it again. I would recommend Stumpy's to anyone and everyone. Sure, it's tucked away next to my dentist and doesn't look like much from the outside (or inside) but the food is delicious. Also, the employees are friendly and look happy. The best part is that Stumpy's is a local business!
5	A true Sunnyslope gem. Im not even kidding when I say we order atleast once a week.... Pizza is phenomonal and the wings are GREAT! We have had one run in with an employee being rude but, Mrs. Stumpy messaged us on yelp and we great about it! We appreciated it. There can be long delivery times but, thats because, ITS SO GOOD EVERYONE WANTS IT! Im telling you amazing. A lot cheaper than spinatos and a lot more (If you're in the area and can't pick) Delivery is cheap too so we don't even have to leave! We came in for lunch one day and the cashier who was a lady (Amber? Amanda?) Can't remember but, was SO Nice!
4	Great place to grab lunch. The portions are large, the food is fresh, and the prices are reasonable. The greek salad comes loaded with toppings and all the ingredients were fresh. Topping-wise, there was enough for two salads. I found the banana peppers (or peppercini, not sure) to be a little too astringent from the pickling juice stuff so if you are sensitive to that taste, order them on the side. The pizza is good as well - big slices, nice thin crust, flavorful sauce, and lots of gooey cheese.
5	As a pizza and wings snob, I judge all pizza and wings against Stumpy's. The pizza and wings are simple. They make them with quality ingredients and you can tell by the way that the food tastes. Very small dining area, so call your order in for pick up or delivery if you live close enough. They are not really known as a delivery pizza place so if you are picky, just pick it up yourself. This taste is worth the trip.
5	Delicious.   The hot Italian sandwich on wheat with everything is the best sandwich I've ever had and I've heard others say it.  Pizza is fantasic.   The owner Chase and his wife are so friendly and so is all the staff.
4	Coming into this place I wasn't too impressed. Mainly by the looks on the inside of the building. Fairly old looking. However many people told me this was good so i decided to give it a shot. For the most part the pizza was really good, a little too greasy, but thats not a big deal. The prices also could have been better. $6 for 2 slices and a soda, isn't that great a deal. You could go to Barro's Pizza and get the exact same for $4. However i'm sure that I will return.
5	Awesome experience.  We were visiting, and saw the reviews on yelp and stopped by.  Kids loved the pizza, and I had an excellent calzone.  Husband enjoyed the meatball sub too.  Quick, good bread.
5	Ok, I went back and I had the BBQ Chicken Pizza.  I added bacon.  It was completely and ridiculously delicious.  The chicken was tender, juicy and delicious.  It tasted like it had just come right off the grill!!!I absolutely recommend trying the specialty pizzas.  This place is great and a treasure in my local area!
5	I moved into the area recently, and was sad to leave my favorite mom and pop pizza joint behind. I got a welcome to the neighborhood packet in the mail, and in it was a coupon for a free medium pizza at Stumpy's. I figured I'd give it a try, because who can pass up a free pizza. I figured it would just be a plain cheese pizza, but I found out it was for any pizza my heart desired. I decided to go for the Whiteout, and holy moly, what an amazing pizza!!! Fresh toppings, amazing crust, incredible ricotta!!!! Friendly and fun service. We loved it so much we ordered delivery the next day. We got the Italian salad with the house dressing, which was phenominal, and baked hot wings.We will definitely be ordering from Stumpy's again. I am soo happy to find another amazing mom and pop pizza shop in my new area!
4	This place is a hole in the wall they have great pizza and salads. It was a small place but I would still say it was kid friendly.
4	Just found my #2 pizza spot... I worked the holidays and one of our vendors brought in StumpysPepperoniComboCheeseHawaiianAll were very good, decent crust cooked through and not cardboard :-o// the pepperoni was really good with the extra grease/oil, not over bearing but delicious. I will try their Subs next,,, its a little far from the office, but should be worth a trip to get out.YAY !!! ITSA GOODA PIE!!
4	Their pizza and subs are great.  I would have given them a 5 star, but for whatever reason they totally got my last order all messed up.  I don't care though..... going back again to get the veggie pizza and hot italian sub!!!!  Totally laid back crew and delicious food.  Nobody is perfect :)GO!  GET SOME GOOD EATS!!
4	This place has great pizza.  Crust not to thick.  Chewy and crispy.  Very flavorful sauce.
3	Food was great I would've given 5 stars but I got charged for 2 extra dressings & both were wrong. Also when I specifically ordered chx wings for my kids "these are for my kids" he could've told me that mild is still a little spicy. My spicy wings were great. Delivered to my hilton squaw peak room, no napkins, condiments or cutlery - whaaaat?  This wasn't dirt cheap & altho very tasty, a few pts off for customer service issues.
4	Great Pizza for the money. Love the crunchy crust. Great flavor to the sauce. I always ask for extra sauce and they add on with no problem. Only downer is there is not much room to dine in. Great dive pizza joint.
3	The pizza was good, but I am not sure why the reviews are so high? I would eat it again, but I don't think it was amazing. The woman who took our order over the phone was very friendly though, and the delivery was fast.
1	I hate giving bad reviews. Actually this is the lowest review I've ever given. I'm not sure what else to do when I pay $23 for a pizza that arrives cold and so soggy it's completely inedible. Straight to the garbage and off to buy dinner for the second time tonight. Awesome.
2	Very Poor Customer Service Skills. Got a sandwich to go. Got all the way home to find the bottom of sandwich seeping with fluids and soggy enough bread to bait a hook! Drive back and informed them. Even though they remade the sandwich not one person offered me a discount on my next order or anything to compensate me for my additional time and inconvenience.  Generally, the food is very good but their is a serious lack of customer service...
4	We looked this place up on our way to our friends' house in the area and decided to give it a shot. Four out of four of us thought it was excellent. Great sauce, great crust, and fresh toppings. Plus, I love what they've done in such a tiny little shop space. This struck me immediately as an independent little neighborhood joint with pride of ownership. I just wish it was easier to spot when driving by.
5	This is exactly what a neighborhood pizza place should be. The dough is perfect. Thin, hand tossed (literally... they throw them up in the air), fresh toppings. I loved the marguerita and my girl loved the greek. The slice and a salad combo is a great value too.
4	I love the Italian subs.Pizza is not too bad either.Cool staff/service when I pick up.Go!
5	Always great food!!!
2	Ordered a takeout order online to be ready at 7:55 show up at 8:00 to pick it up and they were just putting it in the oven... It was ready at 8:20. They didn't even apologize. Overpriced for such bad service. I won't be eating here again.
3	I have been a loyal Stumpy's customer for over a year now. Never disappointed with the food, however, every time I order delivery there's always a mistake with my order. It's not enough to deter me from getting food from them, but always a little disappointing. A few times they have forgotten the chips and drink, which they have brought to me after I called to tell them. Other times it's not something I call to complain about because what really could they do. Example: I ordered their sub, chips and a drink deal today. Awesome deal for the price. However I asked for no tomato, not only did I get no tomato, but I also got no cheddar. They also left off the habanero mayo I asked for. They also gave me the wrong chips which I won't eat because I hate the type they gave me.Like I said, not enough to keep me from ordering from them because their food is dang good, but it does happen every single time.
5	This is my new favorite lunch place. It is right by my new house and I am stoked to have a local go-to spot. The hot veggie sandwich is excellent and the dressing has such a savory flavor. The garlic breadsticks are some of the best I've had. Haven't had pizza yet but plan to soon.
4	Was contacted by Debi the owner, who apologized for the mistakes that were made. She was very sincere and bought me dinner. The fact that they care enough about their customers to try and fix the problems is amazing. I definitely will continue to keep ordering from them!!
4	Ordered a pizza, slow as molasses.  That being said, everyone has a bad day.  This place is one of my favorites in Arizona.  Try the plain pepperoni (don't need to get too fancy, this is a winner).  Addon the antipasta sale, and "suicide wings" and you are good to guy.  For the courageous at heart - go with the Philly Cheesesteak pizza (a super surprising treat).If you get delivery, don't forget to ask for parmesan and peppers (they never bring it no matter how much I tip - which is always very generous).  Oh well.Have fun, and find your sizzle!Attorney Steve, the business and real estate lawyer.http://www.attorneysteve.net
5	The pizza was hand tossed but the crust was perfectly crispy! The flavors were perfect too. I had the small which fed me (Im a big guy) but could have fed 2 people. I also had a 6 piece of hot wings which were very good! I would deffinately go back here again.
5	Much better than streets of New York and there wings are the best I go there all the time
5	This is our favorite neighborhood pizza spot. Great crust and yummy toppings.
4	Now this a how a small business should be run, great menu and great staff. A staple in north central Phoenix, Stumpys has great pizza and wings. Lunch specials that come out fast, weekly specials and neighborhood coupons. Visit enough times and they remember you by name. Dine in a lot and you and your family will get your picture on the wall. Its a small spot but has just the right amount of space.
5	We made a big order (8 pizza's, salads, breadsticks) for a family party - all online using their website. Stumpy's came thru wonderfully - the order was on time, accurate, and most importantly, the food was great! Everyone loved the food, from children thru adults.
4	I love wings..prolly my favorite comfort food- wing pizza, a good idea in concept- extremely difficult to get right in execution. I moved to the area about a year ago, and found Stumpy's on a hungry wednesday night. They have a pizza called the "wingding"- easy to glance over. But worth a second look. - This is NOT your typical wing pizza. From the bleu cheese base, to being able to add any of their house wing sauces- it's the most unique, and delicious "Wing" Pizza I have ever had. At this point you might be thinking- ok great- or big deal- that does nothing for me, "I'm not a wing person, so what?"- Soooo.. This little pizza got me to try just about every pizza they make, their desserts, and their bread sides.  I've ordered online, (easy, though an account is needed), over the phone, through grubhub at one point, and have dropped by and picked things up quite a few times. Their service has always been exceptional and delivery on time (or early) and the delivery driver courteous. - when ordering for delivery everything, through them has been accurate (there was a confusion on garlic breadsticks once through grubhub)- whether that be online or over the phone. 4/5 for Excellent food, all around, and great consisted quality, both in service and food.  -1 star due to a somewhat clunky online ordering experience, and their crust compared to some, needs the toppings, to make it whole (not the tear it off and munch crust, or cheese and pepperoni pizza crust)- also somewhat pricey com paired to larger chains, no coupons for speciality pizzas that they give out- which would prolly make me come back for a lot more. All in all, this is my favorite neighborhood pizza spot. Highly recommended!
4	This is a Real joint For good subs and pizza Even it diesla not have the nieces exterior appeal the delicious food makes it up
1	never again
4	So far so good. I stopped in today to get a sandwich on the go and I have to tell you the menu looks pretty nice. I ended up getting a pastrami hot with provolone on Italian bread and it was so delicious. I know if they don't have pre made pizzas ready to go, they only have pies with sauce and then they put the toppings on as you order. The pizza oven is one of those conveyor belt type which I'm not crazy about. But the slices that were coming out for other customers looks pretty delicious. I'll have to come back and try to pizza you're going to have to be pretty damn good cause I'm spoiled when it comes to pizza. So if you're in the area, give something to try. Let me know how good the pizza is.
4	Really friendly place and good food overall.I ordered the baked ziti and it was just how I like it.  I'm not a huge fan of any red sauce but they mix in a lot of cheeses which gives it more of a blended flavor.  Usually when I see "baked" and "pasta" I expect a soft, mushy mess, but the ziti had a lot of firmness to it which is what I want.I didn't get around to eating the garlic bread until an hour after I ordered and I was expecting a brick, but somehow it managed to say soft.  Nice bonus.I got a slice as well to try it out.  They serve thin pizza, but I'm more of a thick crust person, but it was good overall.  The crumbled sausage is just what I like.The staff was friendly and they seemed to be enjoying themselves.  Nice place to take a family.
5	Absolutely love love love their pizza. Its some of the best pizza I have had since moving to Arizona !
5	We were visiting from out of town and decided to order Stumpy's from our hotel room. Delivery was very fast and it was hot. Delivery guy was very friendly and came right to our door - bonus!The pizza was flavorful and crispy and the sub was also very good.  Sub was on fresh bread and portion size was huge - enough for 2.  This was one of the best pizzas I have ever tasted and I would order it every week if i could. STUMPY'S IS AWSOME!
5	Best pizza there is! The wings are great, the sandwiches are great and don't forget the rice krispie treats, they're only there on some days
5	In town for a few days. Ate here the first 2 nights. It's that good! Go, eat... find happiness in the first bite.
1	I will never use GrubHub or eat at Stumpy's again after my last experience. The order took about 30 minutes longer than expected. When it did finally arrive, it was cold and we were missing about 1/3 of the items we ordered. I even pre-tipped them a 30% tip in the hopes that it would arrive a little quicker. Nope. I emailed GrubHub, they said they spoke with Stumpy's and the missing items were on their way. Well nothing ever showed up, the restaurant never refunded our money for the missing items and GrubHub shrugged it off with a "we're sorry, here's $5 off your next order" canned reply. That was a fraction of the value of the items we were shorted. This fly-by-night service is DOA in my book. I'll use other local delivery services going forward and steer clear of shady-Stumpy's. I cannot believe they would say they delivered items when they did not - TWICE!!! The whole experience was pathetic and disappointing.
5	One of the best Italian subs I've ever had. They were also fast, friendly and competent. I can't wait to try their pizza.
4	driving down northern we saw this place and decided to give it a shot. the place is VERY small inside but luckily the weather was nice so we were able to eat at a table outside.   The sauce was really good and so was the cheese,  the pepperoni was really good also.  the pizza was cooked just perfect, not soggy, not too crunchy, i wish it was closer.
5	I can't express how much I love this place.  Their pizza is so delicious and the customer service is excellent.  Stumpys is by far my favorite pizza place in the valley.
5	I work in the neighborhood, and it's part of my routine to give Stumpy's a visit every Monday.  It's good enough to keep me coming back every time.They have a wide selection of toppings for pizza and a good variety of sandwiches if that's your thing (I'm a pizza guy, myself).  It's made fresh right in front of you with quality ingredients.  I'm somewhat of a pizza aficionado, and I always recommend Stumpy's to anyone who enjoys a slice now and then.
4	Plain. Cheese. Pizza. It's freaking amazing. And, Stumpy's delivers. Which is also amazing. That is all.
3	Service wasn't that great. Table I sat at was dirty. It took them about 10 minutes to get me a side salad that I had ordered with a slice of pepperoni pizza. The salad had fresh ingredients. Pretty good. The pizza was alright, it was crispy and the cheese was tasty.
3	Love your pizza!!! However Every time I ask for delivery there is either an issue or you're "too busy" and have to check. I live 5 minutes away. Don't advertise delivery if it's always an issue. I'd gladly come pick it up without the irritation of feeling like I'm inconveniencing a business. Pizza is 5 stars!!
4	Just ate here today.  A buddy of mine took me. Great sub good pizza! service was nice too. thank guys. Don't make it to your side of town a lot but when I do Im there.
4	Dropped in for some dinner on a random Tuesday night. The place is nothing to write home about. It is located in a strip center with little ambiance. That said, the pizza (whiteout) and the bread sticks that we ordered were very good. The pizza was a generously topped olive oil, basil, garlic, tomatoes, romano, mozzarella, and ricotta. The crust was toward the thin side, but crisp and good. The bread sticks were definitely covered with olive oil and cheese. Some might think it was a bit greasy, but I was digging it.Not sure, but I am guessing that the bulk of their business is delivery. N*joy
4	This is about the best pizza in Phoenix. The crust is just crispy enough, the toppings are good and plentiful, the staff are friendly and helpful. Only the ambiance is a problem; it is crowded pizza joint decor and the tables are very close together. The prices are excellent given the quality. We do a Butcher's Special (meat lover) with added ricotta. It is as good a pizza as I've ever had. There is ample parking, but their few outdoor tables are on the sidewalk of that parking lot, so it's a mixed blessing. I usually have a side salad to make believe that I'm eating healthy. The ice tea is way better than most. We don't eat pizza often, but when we do, this is one of our favorite places. Highly recommend it.
5	Best pizza in N. Central Phoenix. If picking up order a little early as they get busy around dinner time.
4	2nd time here,  and the food is still good!  We tried the Greek pizza...I'm normally a carnivore,  but this would make me become a vegetarian. Small place, big flavor,  will be back again soon!
5	Just picked up my first pizza from there. 16" The Works! Fantastic!! The whole family is hooked. Fresh,flavorful, not greasy.....yummy!!
5	Best place everrrrrrr! The pizza is what you crave! If you like New York style pizza:) my husband gets the works, I get pepperoni and man! The toppings are SO fresh! You can also get a monster slice which is clutch during lunch. But I am writing this for their SUBS. God Bless Stumpy's and their subs! It's the mayo...believe me, don't skip the mayo. If you like heat, get the habanero mayo, you won't be sorry! This place is so unassuming! It's in a strip mall in my hood but it is always bumping! Closed on Sundays :( the wings are amazing too! Yikes, now I'm hungry! Cheers!
5	I was at the American Italian club playing bocce and decided to grab a pizza on my way home. Opened up the phone to Yelp and found this place right up the street. Had good reviews so i gave it a try and was really glad I did cause this place is awesome! Got a large The Works and added the garlic and jalapeno. Was really a great pizza and everyone loved it. Next time I tried the Whiteout, it was really great also. It's a small place and I don't think they have any beer but the pizza is awesome. I recommend it to anyone who loves a great hand tossed pizza!
5	No words needed other than this is how pizza should be. Every single time. The best I have ever had!
5	I have only been there once, but man! It's one of the best little hole in the wall places in that area! I wouldn't call the food good...I would call it addicting! I can't wait to go back there with my man! If you haven't gone there, you should. At least once. It's an adventure!!! Go!
5	A local eatery recommended by a neighboring business. I tried to order two slices to go and was told all slices are made to order; no ready made pizzas;  please choose from the menu. Hmm. Waited approximately 8 minutes and boy was it worth it!  Fresh delicious ingredients, crispy oven fresh. Bustling (it was noon rush) but very friendly staff. We will order again, probably for delivery next time. Competitive prices. Definitely an superior alternative to the traditional franchises.
5	I've eaten here a few times now and I was hooked at first bite. Everything so far has been delicious. The whiteout pizza is one of my favorites as well as the hot subs. So far I've tried the veggie and Italian. Both were awesome! I'll be coming back for more! For those ordering delivery, you might want to skip getting a hot sub because mine was soggy on the bottom. Next time I'll eat there or pick up myself, which is no big deal. The staff is very nice.
5	Got into town yesterday and started looking for good places to eat.  This place had a lot of great reviews so we decided, why not!  Got a pizza and breadsticks.  BEST breadstick we have ever had. Pizza was really good but didn't come close to the breadsticks.  My only regret is that I hadn't had the last vodka drink because I want to remember more about dinner.  Lol.Not the cheapest pizza round, but definitely worth the price.
4	When I first moved to the neighborhood, I was skeptical that I would find and solid dining places. Lucky for me I stumbled upon Stumpy's during our move in process. It's cheap if you have one of their coupons that they give out so often, and it's better tasting and a lot less greasy than any of the chain pizza places you usually go to. My advice would be to spend the extra dollars on their specialty pizzas because they are definitely worth it. They and huge and loaded with toppings, and there is something for everyone. Stumpy's is really good for their prices and I go here for a movie night or a birthday party or for a little guilty pleasure. I love The Works pizza.
4	From out of town, I was look for a good take out Pizza and I was not disappointed. Fresh mushrooms, good hand tossed crust, just the right amount of sauce. Well done. Good price also. Service was good. Definetly recommend.
5	I LOVE Stumpy's I have eaten here for the last 12 years and have not had one bad thing. The best thing on the menu is the hot Italian sub! Their house dressing is amazing!! Also don't forget the chocolate chip cookie; best cookie I have bought at a pizza/sub place; soft in the center and crispy on the edges.  You Gotta try it all!!
3	We really love your pizza.  As NC Phoenix residents, you stole our business from Raffaelles.  But your order takers can never hear, and I have to yell into the phone.  That's fine I guess, but tonight, when the order was incorrect, I got the "sassiest" girl on the phone I think I've ever had, who explained that I had repeated my order to her, and, furthermore, I got what I ordered.  Unless she has a beehive wig and is chewing a big wad of gum, I am not interested in her perspective.  Great delivered pizza.  Wrong order.  Guest service from 17 year olds who don't give a crap, at least this time.  You can do better.
3	Really good place to eat , but really small dining , the wings are baked that's a plus ! The owner is there sometimes cooking , it is one of of favs :)
