5	Recently, my car was involved in an accident with some damage to the rear right bumper and fender and needed to be repaired.  My husband decided to go online and read reviews on various shops in our area including the dealership we bought the car from.   It seemed Valley East popped up and caught his attention the most so he decided to stop in and take a look at their work before we did any repairs to our car.  I'm so glad he did.  We got our car back on Monday and I have to say I am impressed with the job they did.  Not only does the car look as it did before the accident, they seal coated the entire car before returning it to us.  The shop is run my two guys that definitely know what they are doing.  Their quote to us was also almost $500 less then one of the other places we received a quote from.  Not only did we save money using them,  you can't even tell the was ever any damage done.  So if you had an accident and you need your car repaired Check them out before you go anywhere else.  I guarantee you won't be disappointed.
5	A few weeks ago, some knuckler smacked the trunk of my Jetta with his oversized truck as I was sitting at a stop sign. Since I know close to nothing about cars (did I mention I drive a Jetta?), I didn't have a body shop preference. Based on the first review listed here, I picked Valley East Collision.What was great:1) Bob Arnold. He is a role model for customer service and was so pleasant every time I spoke with him.2) Quality of work. Maybe car snobs who spend their time talking about  how great next year's auto show will be can tell the difference, but I don't see any evidence that my car had been damaged.3) Easy for my insurance company. Bob didn't ask for more cash after the quote and the experience was easy for both me and my insurance agent.4) Speed. They called me a day earlier than I expected, so I could get out of that miserable rental.5) Attention to detail. He replaced all the badges on my trunk so it would look original. He cleaned my car (even the inside) and got tar off my passenger door. He remembered my name without any prompting. The paint matching was absolutely perfect.I can't recommend this place more highly.
5	First, I hope if you're having to look up reviews for a collision shop...I hope you (the reader), your loved ones, and your vehicle are ok.I've had to deal with a few accidents in my day (not all mine) and I'll tell you what...Bob at Valley Easy makes everything as easy and as inexpensive as he can for you...while providing quality work. He started and finished my 03 Durango (25mph fender bender) before he even saw the insurance check. I've NEVER had an experience like that. I'm not going to lie, I showed up and was just a touch suspect, but he puts that at ease for you immediately through his personality, understanding of the business, and the fact that it is a two-man operation all the time; was a huge bonus for me. That's probably what gives him the capability to provide that over the top service and savings. No ridiculous overhead.   As far as the quality of work, I mean my truck looked brand new. I could tell that there were just a few places where a touch more detail could have been practiced, but given the fact that the man hadn't been paid yet, I can't complain. He even included a piece that had been dented extremely bad prior to the accident. Didn't see that coming. All in all A+.  I live in Ahwatukee and if I ever needed a collision shop again...I'm driving to 901 W. 1st Ave in Mesa.
5	Bob is a straight-shooter. No BS. Tells it like it is. And a professional. Went to him after I rear-ended a car. I didn't have collision coverage and told him I can't afford a full repair to "pre-accident" condition. Bob says, "I think we can do somethings to make it look better." And he delivered. I wouldn't call him cheap, but you can have confidence that a pro working on your car.
5	Bob Arnold & Valley East Collision are awesome.  Andrea's unfortunate 2010 accident showed me the quality of his work.  Fast forward a couple of years, and my pristine and previously unmolested 7-year-old 330Ci was smacked in the rear, in similar fashion to her misadventure, by a young miscreant in a giant pickem-up truck.  I knew immediately where I was going for the repair, and Bob did not disappoint.  The work was done within the quoted timeframe, with all new OEM parts, impeccable paint work, and the same attention to the smallest details that I saw on Andrea's repair.  This is a 2-man shop, not some big conglomerate that's in bed with the seedier insurance companies.  Bob's a skilled craftsman, and he'll do you right.  Add another 5-star review to VEC's perfect Yelp record, it's well-deserved.  Tried to give 25 stars, but Yelp hasn't added that option yet for some reason.
5	Just picked my car up yesterday. Great work! On time! Fair Price! Bob made my miserable experience of scratching my car up as good as it can be. Everything went as planned and promised! Do not hesitate to go see Bob should you need an honest fair job!
5	I had Valley East Collision repaint both my hood and roof due to the cracking clear coat and fading paint.  They did an awesome job.  The pricing seemed very competitive and so far, I am very pleased with the quality of the work. I would definitely recommend!
5	Bob was beyond great.  He's extremely honest and helpful.I broke my left side mirror, called several auto shops, either not hearing back from them or was given terribly expensive quote for that little piece.I gave Bob a call on Thursday, he ordered the mirror and by next Wednesday, the mirror arrived. Took the car to the shop and out within 10 minutes.  The GREATEST thing was that he only charge for the part, not the labor; unlike the dealer and another shop who charges $130+ just to put the mirror on.Highly recommended!
