5	This place is a great for those vintage/mid century modern finds. From clothing to couches they have it all and great prices too.  They have similar items to their neighbors Modern Manor, but not the "designer" prices.  We got a green vintage chair for $98 and just are having the skirt around the bottom removed to show the great legs on it.  We will always check back at Melrose when looking for unique pieces for our home.
5	What a great place! Modern on Melrose has amazing furniture at great prices. I highly recommend and will be back when I am looking for new pieces.
4	Favorite vintage store I have been in. I have been going to a lot lately looking for midcentury furniture that won't empty out my bank account. Happened to drive by this place and decided to take a look. I got a 3 piece coffee table and side tables set for 60 bucks. Can't beat that. The lady working I completely loved! She was helpful and let me know what kind of stuff will be coming in. This will be a weekly stop for me. If you are looking for awesome vintage furniture in good shape this is the place to go. They know their stuff. A lot of awesome lamps and boomerang coffee tables. It is a must visit.update: seems like items are getting higher and higher. style has changed a bit. still nice stuff if you wanna empty your bank account. no longer a weekly stop but i will still  stop by.
1	Unfortunately, Yelp does not allow negative stars. I was very much looking forward to going to Modern on Melrose as my sister had raved about the selection and several purchases she recently made here. I was all set to help her select more furniture for her new home until I experienced a combination of disbelief, shock and horror. I was inside the store when I heard a man loudly say "If you're going to start a sale, finish it!" It took a few more seconds of loud voices before I realized an argument was taking place between two employees and not two customers, as I initially thought. The male and female employee continued to loudly argue, back and forth. Feeling very uncomfortable, I started to look for my sister. There were about four other customers and we all ended up outside as we all felt very uncomfortable in the store. As I was walking out of the store to go out back, I heard the male employee say, in a tone that was beyond anger but instead violent, "Don't you ever tell me to shut up! Ever!" Shortly after, he walked past all 5 female customers, who had gathered out back, turned to us and angrily said "Bitch!" Not knowing what he was going to do when he returned, we decided to leave as we did not feel safe. It is one thing to feel uncomfortable, it is completely unacceptable to not feel safe. The interaction between the two employees was the most unprofessional thing I have ever witnessed. The male and female employee were so caught up in their own negative interaction, neither of them offered any customer service. And after their argument ended, the female employee offered no apologies and still no customer service. Today was my first and last time in Modern on Melrose. How terribly sad for this store. I sincerely hope the owners get a handle on this and educate their employees as to what it and isn't acceptable behavior.
4	I walked in here looking for a specific piece of furniture.  I didn't find it, but what I did find were so many things that I didn't even know I needed!  So much cool stuff here, go check it out!
5	This month (April 2014) I relocated to Phoenix from out of state. While making a visit to Phoenix in March, prior to my move to secure my new home and make many arrangements, I was referred to "Modern on Melrose" by a local Phoenix resident. What a find! I needed some furnishings for my new home as I had sold a great deal of my belongings prior to the move. I wanted a very specific look and style and Modern on Melrose was perfect.Once inside the store, not only did I find more than I could have hoped for, I found out they offered incredible customer service. I had some very specific needs due to complications within the move itself and found the entire staff to be so helpful and understanding. As I shopped around and we began to talk about my new home and what my tastes were, the entire staff took an interest and helped. I left Phoenix knowing that upon my return move, Modern on Melrose was perfect.Upon my arrival back into Phoenix, I continued my shopping at Modern on Melrose. They assisted me in more ways than I could imagine. I asked questions about design and layout and they assisted me. We bounced ideas off of each other to consider. I loved it. My new place is fantastic and as I look at it today, Modern on Melrose is why! They hooked me up with outstanding selection, great pricing and best of all, great customer service. I was very lucky to be referred to Modern on Melrose. I have also shopped around at the many other shops that have a similar offering, and nothing comes close to what they offered me. Highly recommend!
4	Modern on M has been a regular stop on trips to PHX.  The stuff is spot on for mid-century buffs but with a fun twist. The guys in the shop are always eager to assist and have an impeccable eye.
1	Disappointing.  I've been there twice hoping that a re-return would change my original opinion.  The first time I was there was on a Saturday, early afternoon in Spring.  I found it strange that I was the only one in the store for about 20 minutes, until another customer came in.  Melrose is usually a pretty happening place during the Spring before summer temps hit.  I saw a lot of nice 1960s furniture, mostly living room sets and home decor.  Prices were on the high end for, let's face it folks, used furniture. The blonde lady who came out to greet me after I made it to their second room (there are 3 rooms total) was frazzled and preoccupied with eating her lunch. So I went back again last week.  Didn't see the frazzled lady from before but a mid-age hipster guy at the counter who didn't have the time to greet me (sorry I disrupted your cell phone surfing).  Yep.  I was the ONLY person in the store and you obviously ignored me.  It's just an unwelcoming place.  So much potential, but the attitude there is less than acceptable.  Will spend my $$$ elsewhere.
5	Highly recommended. Went in yesterday looking for a dresser to use as a tv stand. Found the perfect piece for the retro look I'm going for. I found some other small decor items. Price was fair and they delivered today.  Shawn did a great job. Keep up the good work! I will definitely be back.
5	Walked into the store and stuck up a conversation with Shawn behind the counter. We talked about some furniture and other ideas I had for the home. I told him I needed a custom made shelf. Shawn asked some questions and then he sketched out a concept. I loved it. He then said Modern on Melrose has a man that does custom metal work. Three days later-it was done and it turned out better than I could have ever imagined.
5	I'm a local Real Estate agent and have fallen in love with all of the AMAZZZZZING Mid-Century Modern properties that the Phoenix and Tempe area have to offer. After listing and selling a few of these COOL homes I decided that I should be more familiar with a few MCM furniture shops that I could buy or lease a higher quality furniture. After going in a bunch of places I can say that I really love this store and cant wait to use them to stage my newest listing in a few months at 24th and Indian School.Let me know if you need help finding a cool house with character to put your amazing finds from Modern on Melrose.EnjoySteven480-370-5570stevenonmill@gmail.com
5	Nice people, great selection, reasonable and affordable prices!  I have been shopping at Modern on Melrose for more than two years.  I consigned some pieces there (fair warning) and now rent a small space there.  I have found the staff to be helpful, sincere, authentic and have a great aesthetic.  Great place, affordable prices, wide selection.
4	A hidden gem! Found a beautiful buffet for a great price. Whether you're looking for new or something to refurbish, this place is def worth the look!
