5	Great place for Thai food. Take out is great as well. Even though it may be a bit more expensive than Thai-Express the quality is so much better. Owner-operated and you can tell they take pride in preparing their food.
1	The place is very cozy and well decorated. The service is a little slow, because the owner is both the chef and the waiter of the place. Food tastes great and the portions are fair. The restaurant is a mixed style of Chinese, Vietnamese and Thai cooking. Been there twice, he owner is very friendly and the dining experience was very pleasant.UPDATE!I recently saw something that disgusted me... I was waiting in line to pay, and saw the chef scoop frying oil directly from the fryer to cook the food.As a future biochemist, I am absolutely disgusted as I know how much toxic compounds are generated when frying food under high temperature. The oil must be changed after several days as its contents such as polyacrylamide from frying potatoes can cause breast cancers, let alone having the customers to eat it.TL;DR: The food tastes fantastic, I still hold my opinion on that, but using deep-frying oil to cook my food is just disgusting, and the review remains 1 star (dropped from 4) until something is changed about that.
4	Finally came here for lunch with a friend yesterday after walking by this place countless times since I go to school right by it. It's a nice little place and the prices are very very friendly to students. I often see my fellow students in here and hear them talking about it. The food was great. I had a rice platter with chicken and cashews and it was a good-sized portion for the very reasonable price. Service could have been a hair better but was decent. The place doesn't have it's own bathroom so you have to exit out the back into the office building complex where the bathroom is shared by other small businesses. The television in the restaurant is a little distracting but entertaining I suppose. All over, a good place to get decent Thai food for a budget-friendly price. I'll definitely be back.
1	Based on four star ratings, I went there. The food was sub-standard. Service was fine. Cocoanut milk was not tasty. It is more a Chinese rather than a Thai restaurant. Normal Tom Kha soup was not there. They had a very poor substitution. The chicken and cashew was horrible. The only nice part of the experience was water and cashews. I would never recommend any one. I do not know how any one give a four star rating.
2	Very ordinary place. Food is not bad but not the best out there. Price point is good but portions are a little small but staff is really nice
3	Your average Asian style food with okay service. Bubble tea is too sweet for my Chinese standards but North Americans may appreciate that. Prices are decent for a downtown resto
4	Thaiphon is this great little shop on Union - really close to McGill University. The service is very fast and the owners are very friendly. The menu variety is wide. I've had a few things on the menu and they have all been absolutely delicious. It may not be the best Thai food in Montreal but it's pretty great when you're craving something spicy!
3	Chinese tuned Thai food. They have tom yum soup and basil fried rice. However, there are bunch of Chinese and Japanese dishes too. The green color of its decoration is so agree to me. Just for the connivence and fair price.
4	I think this is a good simple straight to the point that place.  Nothing fancy or grand,  but it's one place I love being at with friends and clients alike.The pad is good and possibly spicy just right.
