3	This is my Subway of choice when on my lunch break at work. The only reasons I can justify writing a review for a chain that offers such unfaltering consistency are two-fold: 1. The service is always good; and 2. I really want to be the first to review a restaurant. So here it goes:The service has always been good. The sandwich artist are always generous with the veggies and as generous as they can be with the proteins. Considering this location is in a Wal-Mart (and I cannot imagine the ignorance these guys deal with), I'm grateful that they don't smack me in the face when I ask for a side of something.Now gimmie that star!
1	Went in 15 minutes before closing time.  All the lights were on and the sign that said "open" was still on.  Was told by a snotty employee that they were closed.  I asked why the lights and sign were still lit.  She turned them off when I said that.  I asked her what her manager would think if she knew they were closing early.  She said she wouldn't care. I walked out and now said my peace about this place.
3	Ohhhh Subway.....The only thing i love dearly is your chipotle southwest sauce...YUM YUM YUM!!I can never stop getting no matter how hard I try to say no!!Oven roasted chicken breast with the chipotle sauce is out of this world!or in a egg sammich....it makes the whole sandwich honestly if it werent for the sauce i would not go there because i can make multiple sandwiches for $5.the service at this location was on point
3	This place is your typical subway. I find that they are able to keep up well with their lunch rush. They always greet you when you walk in the door. They are also eager to take your order. The credit card machine was broken so they had to manually run my credit card, but the cashier didn't break a sweat when the line was getting long. I'd go back to this location for sure.
4	The reason I am reviewing Subway, Excellent customer service! It's not often that I would choose Subway over Jimmy Johns and now at the new building for work I have both at opposite sides of the street to choose from. But today I was craving veggies and a sandwich so I headed on down to Subway at 1 and was greeted right away and helped by excellent sandwich artist all the way down the line.   Love a place that has outstanding customer service, no matter what type of service they are pushing!
1	This one facing Walmart is the worst Subway location as far as customer service.The one inside Walmart is much better than this.
3	I try hard not to review franchises, and I will continuously refrain from doing so - but this is an exception. Subway is Subway is Subway.. but at this place, the service is well above the expectation. Courteous personnel, that smile. But the real plus is that the don't skimp on the veggies. If you ask them, they will load that sub up. So it's still only a Subway, but for a Subway - this one sets a new  standard. ..aaaand they are open 24 hours. Nanananabooboo..
4	Newly remolded, great service every time I go, always clean and I've never had to wait...but that's during dinner times I can't review the lunch rush.FYI Mondays are free cookie day
5	I went to this location because I had to get some stuff from Walmart since it was the only place open before 6am.  And since it was early in the morning...or rather late night for me since I hadn't been to bed yet, I was super hungry and Subway sounded delish!Went across the parking lot and as soon as I stepped in the door was greeted by Tanner.  Very friendly and helpful.  I gave the basics of what I wanted and made him choose the other stuff for the sandwich.  My breakfast sandwich was great, I love that chipotle sauce!The place was super clean and the other person working was friendly too, but Tanner!...keep him
3	So convenient to grab something to eat here since it is inside of the WalMart.  Service is typically good and staff is polite.  Sandwiches are already a bargain so it's a win win all the way.
1	Worst customer  service I have had in a long time. I go to this location often for lunch since I work around the corner, I came in today to grab a quick sub and it was def not quick. The young lady preparing my sandwich was on her cell phone the entire time using her Bluetooth. It cause her to not pay attention to any of the customers in the store and she had to ask multiple times what the customer had just said. What a joke! Why does this person even have a job if they can't take a job at subway serious.
