5	Amazing! Good cuts at great prices. Kenfield & Matt are amazing people - Def check this place out
5	There are a lot of people who can cut hair out there. But Kenfield KNOWS damn well how to cut AND style your hair into a beautiful masterpiece. SERIOUSLY. I save myself for his salon!The first time I came to Rus2Our was in Spring 2009. I walked in and saw his facilities. Simple, neat, clean. The receptionist at the front desk was helpful, and to the point. Told me the prices for everything and I was a bit taken back, because I'm used to a $14-$40 cut from.. say.. SuperCuts, MasterCuts, Cut & Color Experts, Too Hotties, Euphoria, A Wild Hair, etc. I'd tried nearly every chain/beauty salon you could possibly think of. You would think a $55 haircut would scare me away, but I decided I'd risk it. I had been sporting the asymmetrical haircut for almost half a year now... and it started to get to that awkward length where it was too long to style, and too short to put up... so I wanted very badly to CHOP it off to a barely-over-the-nape-of-my-neck cut. I was looking to change my hair dramatically. After a little bit of deliberation with my boyfriend, I decided WHY NOT! I'd been everywhere else, let's see if this guy is worth it.I sat down, looked through a couple of his styling books, and decided on a cross between two very short hairstyles.He literally glanced at them for 2 seconds each, said "OKAY" and started prepping me for my cut! I was SCARED because he was so quick to start. I thought he may not have taken a good look at the styles, but... 30 minutes later, I'm looking in the mirror at a completely AWESOME new me.He uses such a unique technique for cutting hair. Oh, and my boyfriend had just suffered the worst fade from an inexperienced "hairstylist", the week before, and Kenfield fixed and blended his fade PERFECTLY. It even grew out beautifully, too! (no awkard "Alfalfa" hairs during the growing out process) I actually ended up coloring my hair with Kenfield also! This was the very first time I'd ever colored my hair, home or professionally. And, you know... I am so glad that I walked in that day. I naturally have very dark brown/black hair, and I went for a fiery RED.I've been going to his salon since, and now he's got a great full-service spa open too! He just recently did a chemical peel treatment on me, and my skin is looking much more even in tone and texture, and my pores are even smaller! He's seriously an A+ aesthetician. Kenfield is at the TOP OF MY LIST for anything hair/skin related.
5	This is the place to get an Asian male haircut in Las Vegas.  I've looked long and hard and finally found it.  My hairstyle is spiky on top with a fade on sides and back.  Price is right too.
5	LOVE this place! Went there today to get my hair cut and I have to say, Kenfield was AMAZING!!! It's always a scary experience looking for a new hair stylist but it was well worth it here!
5	Kenfield works magic. Ever since I got my first hair cut with him 8 years ago, I have never let anyone else cut my hair.  I live in los Angeles, but I would make occasional visits to Vegas just so that he can cut my hair. It's a bit pricey compare to Los angeles price but u won't regret it. It's so worth it.  Price range from $55 to 65 for a cut.  After a hair cut from here, I get so many compliments.  the best hair dresser ever, a hidden gem.
5	Kenfield is AWESOME!!!  Yes, folks,... it makes a big difference when you get a fabulous cut!  I love how he finishes my cut with what I call the "Edward Scissorshand Kung Fu"!  :-)  It's so amazing to watch!  Thank you, Kenfield!  I'm so recommending you to all my family and friends!  You rock!
5	Loved it! Had an appointment for myself but ended taking my son and daughter too and he had no problem with the change. We all love our haircut and will definitely be going back!!
5	$55, but absolutely worth it! From now on only Kenfield is allowed to touch my hair. :)_______________I'm super picky about my hair stylists, I have only ever found 2 that I like. The first one was my ex-boyfriend's mother (who I wasn't comfortable going back to for obvious reasons) and the other one who had been cutting my hair for a couple of years had gotten really lazy and started to do a terrible job, which finally made me upset enough to never go back. At first glance, the salon isn't much from the outside. But inside it is very clean and tastefully decorated. I asked if they did walk-ins, was immediately sat down, and attended to by Kenfield. I was a bit worried at first, I had only briefly told him what I was looking for and he immediately began chopping away at my hair so quickly I was wondering if he even knew what he was doing with those scissors or whether or not he even heard what I had asked for.  When I first left I did not think that it was really worth the $55 I had paid for it, but I decided to head home and restyle it just to make sure...and my god did it look amazing! He had done everything I had asked for and it looked super nice.  Usually after a haircut I fix the bangs myself because I am super picky about how they look, but I didn't even have to touch anything this time because I felt that it looked great as it was. My hair now has a ton of volume and is nicely layered. The only downsides I would have to say are that I didn't get the awesome salon hair wash :( and that he didn't really style it before I left (which is not a big deal to me at all). Other than that, it was awesome, I'm definitely sticking to this place from now on.
5	Kenfield can do it all.  I always used to stress about how my haircut was going to turn out.  This was more than 10 years ago because I've been getting my haircut by Kenfield ever since and I still have the confidence of knowing that he will take care of me.  I've cut my hair in LA, NY and still Kenfield is my top choice.
5	Was looking to get a haircut during one of my Vegas trips, and saw that many Yelpers recommended this place.  Located in Chinatown on Spring Mtn Rd, this is owned and run by a Chinese stylist named Kenfield.  Once he started, he had me cracking up with his stories of Vegas and his clientele.  He's been there for over 25 years, and has seen Vegas change several times through the years.  Super friendly and a really good hair stylist to boot, a wash, cut, rewash, and styling cost $30.  Will definitely go back next time if I need a haircut.
1	I went to his salon to straightener my hair. I asked him if i can do it because i have very dry hair and highlights he of course said yes and destroy my hair I'm losing a lot of hair I have several spots without hair my hair is cook when I went to his salon to explain him, the only solution as to cut my hair i didn;t want to do it but finally i did it twice when i ask him for my money back he send me to talk with a lawyer and also he threatened me saying that he will go to my work  to give me a bad review. please dont do a straightener traetment with this guy!!!
5	Me: damaged overprocessed "highlights". Result: chop it all off and start over ...never trust stylists (my 3rd one since moving to LV)!!I decided to search reviews and found great ones on yelp for Kenfield. So tried him out.Result: my hair is still long. He cut it onto a style that cut out dead ends while keeping length.  My hair is getting better each visit. Highly recommend!!
5	Great job!! Left feeling light and hair had extreme body which is exactly what I asked for. He is an amazing hairstylist and as a New Yorker, I can't wait for my next visit to go get my hair done again!!
5	Love his work! Love my hair! Such a quaint welcoming place! I highly recommend it!
5	I wish I would have gone to this place years ago! Thank you yelp for introducing me. I have had the same long hair for years. I recently became single and wanted a completely different look. I chose a few pictures off the Internet all with bangs. I love them but was scared to go for it. I told him and instantly he told me no bangs for you, your forehead is too small. I appreciated the honesty. He tells me long bangs will be better. So I told him I want something different but keep the length and he could do whatever he wanted. I was little hesitate when he started. He is fast with the scissors, but don't be scared. Kenfield is amazing and knows what he is doing! He gave me some great advice too:) I got quiet towards the end, but only because I get sleepy when people mess with my hair. At the end I was so surprised and it looked great! Check out my before and after pic. I will no longer go anywhere else. It was 65, but it is well worth the money. You won't regret it.
2	Been going to Kenfield for half a year now kinda sad how my hair came out this time, I ask for a simple faux hair and my back short and a decent long side and my center top long. hair came out uneven my front look like i just spike it myself(not shaped) my back look the same. I even told him that my hair doesn't look right but he didnt wanted to fix it. so I left paying $30 + tip. Very unsatisfied.
2	I asked him to do an ombre on my hair. It took two hours and I had to leave early which was unfortunate because hes a very nice guy to talk to, but when I came out it was not an ombre, it was like dip dye. An ombre is supposed to be like a gradient, right? Yeah no my hair is now half black half blonde and not worth the money and damage. Now I have to dye the blonde portion a burgundy black every month so it doesnt look like I had a 13 year old do my hair. Kenfield is a nice guy, but he really did screw up my hair. :/
5	I have very thick and unmanageable hair as a guy. I'm also very picking about how I want my hair and who cuts my hair. Took me a long time to find someone as good and as consistent as Tiffany. She is patient and professional. The price is reasonable as well. Go see her!!
5	I absolutely love my new hairdo!! I live in Prov. RI was on vacation went to Pho Kim Long for noodles soup bc they open 24 hr. after that saw Kenfield's Spa was just stopping in to get gel nails, and Tiffany did my nails and convince me to do red highlights bc she had red/pinkish highlights and i was complementing how nice her hair looks. My hair was very boring and dull, Tiffany had brought life into my hair again. She had cut my hair in layers but didnt cut to much of, and did red highlights, and she help me pick the color for me that wouldn't look to drastic and i absolutely loved it! So did my husband!! I nevered walk out of a hair salon  so happen til now, and Tiffany has real skills, she knew what she was doing!! Wish she was in Prov, i would deff have her do my hair always!!!
5	I want to share my experience with u guys , Kenfield the owner , genius on hair , I want to tell u guys I am from Hong Kong , a cosmopolitan city , people followed the trend , we have a lot of good hair stylist, I get used to had the top one, but when I moved to this town , I found out nobody know how to cut my hair ! Until I found him , he was fast and good on hair cut and color ,thanks god eventually I found somebody really know what are they doing , I strongly recommend u guys to try this guy , u will really surprise still have good hair stylist in this town !
5	Finally found my stylist! I just migrated from the Philippines and after 4 trial cut from different stylist I found Ken the great :) he got the cut the I wss looking for and I end up coloring my hair too! Love it love it love it!!!
1	I just wanted bangs and hair thinned. He showed me 2 inches and said he'd take that off. I agreed to the 2 inches, he ended up taking 7 inches and no bangs. $65, not worth it at all. He failed to deliver what I requested for.
1	I don't know how to start....  Last year I got my hair cut from Ken and I really like it.  Last week my honey and I need to come back to LV to get some business done, in the same time I went to Ken to get my hair cut and color.  I'm ok with the cut, but the color......  I don't know how to say, but I've pictures to show you....  I spent 5 hours sitting in there with another lady got her hair straightening in the same time.....for 5 hours!   You be the judge!!  And apparently my hair not the only thing got colored.....my blue shirt got discoloration in the same time.  The worst is I didn't know till couple hours later my honey told me something didn't look right on my shirt.    So we have to go back to our hotel to change!  I went back the next day to ask Ken to fix the right side of my darker spot, he kinda not want to do it...but I insist he need to fix it, after all...I did spent 5 hours and lots of money for my hair.  Well, he did do little touch up....but I still see a weird darker spot.... Over all the color of what he called Embry" just didn't look balance for me!  I also brought up about my shirt, he told me is fashion in these day....  Where is the apology and pay back for my shirt?!  Not even give me a discount for my next hair hair!  And this is why I have to show you all the pictures...  I did not make any of this up!  It just really pissed me off and no sir, I will not go back...  Is not like he's the only person know how to cut hair in So. California...  I just have to drive a little far away from home that all.
5	I've been coming to Kenfield ever since I was 15 years old. I'm 23 now, and I don't trust anyone else with my hair. He does wonderful work for a reasonable price.I noticed a review before about an awful experience a customer had a little over a week ago, claiming he messed up her hair, and her shirt. Being a long time customer of Ken's I asked about this situation. I would soon find out his side of the story if any of you care to know both sides of the coin.She had been to his salon once before. This time, during her visit she informed Ken that someone had messed up her hair, and she needed him to fix it with the box color she had in hand. During her experience she never once complained about burning from the color. I myself have just bleached my hair & I understand how much a burn can hurt, but if the color was burning her & dripped down her neck & ruined her shirt, then why didn't she say anything in the beginning? Coloring your hair involves chemicals, of course it will damage your shirt if it gets to it, but that's a ridiculous allegation when the capes that are draped over us cover the part of her shirt that's messed up.Ken wants to show the video surveillance of what really went down. Don't let that one bad review color your opinion of Kenfield. Come in, try him. You won't be disappointed.
