3	2100 Washington PikeCarnegie, PA 15206I don't know why it changed the zip-code when I entered this.  Had a bit of a difficult time finding an associate to help me.  Always with the quantity in terms of items, never with the corresponding quantity in terms of associates.  At least the associates they do have are quality.  Once I was able to find someone, he was very helpful in helping me find what I was looking for and then helping me choose the appropriate delivery options.  He was quite helpful!
1	Do not buy anything from them that needs to be delivered. I bought a refrigerator from them and they were supposed to move my old fridge out of the way and put in the new one. I was going to transfer the contents after they left, to take advantage of the $35 Duquesne Light would pay for the old one.  The deliverymen claimed that it was against store policy for them to move the fridge if there was anytbhing in it. I called the store manager later and found out that this wasn't true. The delivery guys later said that I had misunderstood them, but they were just lazy. I had guys in from Molyneaux Carpet to do my kitchen floor and they moved the full fridge out of the way with no trouble and no arguments.
2	I came here twice to get some supplies for my new bathroom and both times I've been here - it seemed like there was only 1 or 2 associates in the entire store. Since we couldn't find anyone to help us find/load the item - we asked the associate working at the register to get some help. And after waiting for about a little more than 30 minutes, someone finally showed up and help me load the item in the cart.I am not for or against either of the large HI stores - it's just that this store in particular happen to carry the item I wanted.  And I've had better customer service at the other HI store.Although, this store is a bit closer than the HD from my place - I've chosen to drive the extra mile to shop at HD - mostly because of the customer service.
4	Came here in search of Christmas lights and decor today!  They had a nice array of items with many deals like 30% off ornaments.  We came out with an impressive selection of outdoor lights and decor.  My one year old was in awe of the finished product.  The staff is always super helpful and everywhere right when you need them!  This location is nice and organized.  I also love the my lowes card that keeps track of your past purchases like paint color, etc!  Comes in handy more often than not!
