2	When Smokey Bones first arrived here in the University area, we went several times and enjoyed ourselves greatly.  The brisket was smashing, the pulled pork was very good, ribs were spot on (this was before I became a Yelper).  So we decide to go last evening and MAN were we disappointed.  Now, I hate that my second review rivals my first inasmuchas I am not writing a good review, but I feel that this must be done before any Yelper out there goes and blows good money on dinner here.  The most disappointing aspect of our visit was the smoked beef brisket.  I cook and understand that to keep brisket moist, there needs to be a fat content to the meat.  What I recieved last night was underprepped and under cooked brisket (It was done to temperature, but for brisket to be done correctly, it must be cooked until the fat renders more making the meat tender).  There was so much fat, and it was fairly tough.  My wife ordered the Chicken Portobello ($13.95) and got a grilled chicken breast (Dry) next to a stuffed protobello mushroom (burned).  I still haven't figured out what we paid that preposterous price for.   The kids enjoyed their meals: a dry chicken breast for my son and a slightly overcooked burger for my daughter, but she mainly ate the fries (which were good!)The shining star of the meal was the St. Louis ribs on my combo plate.  Smokey and just tender enough to eat easily without literally dropping off the bone.  Unfortunatly they no longer keep BBQ sauce at the table (you have to ask for it?!?!) and I used to enjoy mixing up the varieties to make new flavors.  The food was disappointing, but what further bothers me is that had I been the waiter, I would never have served the food to my wife.  It was visibly dry and not terribly appealing.  I worry for the service industry when servers are expected to serve unappealing food rather than taking it back to the kitchen and getting a fresh plate (Bottom line restauranting).  Anyhow, I am not a problem customer, I just expect a little more for my money than I got.  We will not return, so I will have a new restaurant to review as we search for a good meal!EAT WELL!Vic
4	I used to love Smokey Bones when I lived in Orlando.  It was someplace you could go to and just relax, unwind, and be yourself (other than my favorite, the Ale House).  Plus, the mountain cabin feeling inside made it seem more homey.  This one in the University area has that same look, but for some reason doesn't capture the same ambiance and provide me with that "feeling."  I tried my favorite dish on their menu (the buffalo burger, made from real buffalo), but it didn't taste as good as the Orlando ones.  (Maybe they grow their buffaloes differently in Florida? Ha!)Anyway, I think the company's doing an overall of their restaurants, so don't count Smokey Bones out.  They have a lot of campfire favorites:  BBQ, ribs, burgers, smoked chicken, steaks, etc.  The ambiance is enjoyable with the cabin feel, and if you're never tried buffalo, you have to try the buffalo burger.  It's almost like a hamburger, but better in my opinion (and better for you!).
3	Not a bad spot for dinner if you're a fan of the chain, but I've had better. The real reason to go to a Smokey Bones is for their half-priced appetizer "happy hour" deals anyway. The food at this one was sub-par in my opinion, especially their "Old Faithful" chicken noodle soup. I don't think I've tasted a more awful chicken soup, which is kind of surprising since it's a hard thing to mess up. Their chicken/onions/potato skin platter was decent, but again - way too greasy. The pulled pork was alright, I guess, but other places have much better portion sizes for the money.  The waiter also kept forgetting parts of our order, but at least he was patient enough when we kept calling him over.If you're a stickler for quality, I'd look for somewhere else to grab dinner. If you're a Smokey Bones fanatic though, go for it. Just don't expect it to hold up to other SBs.
1	I  AM also one of those that when it opened it was pretty good for a chain...BUT, they changed greatly in food quality and portion size.I spoke with the manager she I think said they have had to cut back. Thats a good thing to tell a customer....NOT      YES CUT BACK AND I WILL NOT BE BACK.   At least they had their Q not just on certain days?????
2	I met a bunch of friends here for dinner and while the company was great, chain or otherwise, the food was blah. First, we had to practically beg them to take a reservation for ten, which they sort of honored. At least there were a few free tables they were able to push together when we arrived.Our waitress was the only shining star - she did a good job of taking care of 9 people with 7 separate checks and she kept the drinks refilled. She was also helpful in getting a couple of the TV's switched over to the Panthers game (they lost).We had a few appetizers for the table. The pretzel "bones" were good, served with a couple of different sauces, as were the onion rings with their dipping sauces. If you like cheese fries, try the Fire Stix which were the best part of the meal.Having read the reviews, I knew to stay away from the brisket. I went with a "lunch" sized portion of sliced smoked turkey breast. It was dry and not much more than warm. After we asked, the waitress brought out the bbq sauces, which improved the bland taste. The "fire roasted corn" was good - a corn and red pepper medley that was tasty. The mashed potatoes with gravy were good as well, especially when I mixed it with the corn. ;-) Both sides were too small and my friend sitting next to me got an even smaller undersized scoop of potatoes with his salmon.We didn't have dessert. They added 18% gratuity to the check, which was understandable for the size of our group.Would I go back? No, I don't think so.
2	Usually asking the server what is her favorite dish gets you a pretty good recommendation, but in this case, it was crap!  The smoked brisket had that discoloration that happens to meat when it's been sitting out for a while.  And it wasn't even tender!!  Am I asking for too much?
1	i agree w/the recent reviews, haven't been there in a while for that reason but nice to see they're still pumpin' out the same low quality food w/the same indifferent service...HOW this place is still in business is beyond me, especially w/all the great BARBQ places/meat places in town
1	Food was NOT good. Service was NOT good. Nothing about our experience at Smokey Bones was good. Next time we are in the area, we will try to find somewhere else to go. Don't waste a meal here.
2	Had the opportunity to visit Smokey Bones this week. I had the rib & chicken (White Meat- they were out of dark meat) combo. It was actually pretty good. However the worst part of this dining experience was the host who was suppose to great us when we came through the door. He started off by saying "just 2". As though 2 people was not enough. Well, I can appreciate some good hospitality and a welcoming personality before patronizing a restaurant that I don't frequent very often.
3	The food was great.  I just can't believe the waitress didn't know what Scotch was.
1	HORRIBLE.  REALLY HORRIBLE.The only reason I gave this place 1 star, is because it wouldn't let me give it a ZERO rating.As a food lover and as a BBQ lover this place deeply saddens me.  It saddens me because it has the potential to be a really great establishment.  I say this because the facilities at Smokey Bones are well-above decent.  There is plenty of parking.  The inside of the restaurant is spacious and includes a nice, roomy bar as well.  There are plenty of TVs draped throughout the restaurant.  Their screen setup could be awesome, except they aren't HD.  They are the big box TVs from the early 90s.  In addition there is a speaker at every booth which allow you to listen to the TV of your choice.   Without wasting too much time on this place - I ordered the the half-rack of ribs.  Though they looked (see pics) and smelled great, THEY WERE THE MOST DREADFUL RIBS I've ever had.  ANYWHERE.  The ribs tasted as if they had been cooked the night before, thrown in the cooler over night and then taken out and reheated and served to me for lunch. This place shouldn't be allowed to serve ribs or even call itself a BBQ restaurant.   DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!  Try McDonald's or Boardwalk Billies both nearby, instead.  In the words of the famed Randy Moss, "I wouldn't feed that sh*t to my dawg!!!"
1	sadly, my only southern bbq experience was here, only out of convenience since it was within walking distance to our hotel. the local coworkers weren't fans of it either. the food wasn't THAT bad, but the service was horrid by one of our two servers. we were a group of about 12, and the female waitress was in her own little world. example, she forgot about our cornbread, saying she wasn't sure if we were ordering it since we had ordered fried kettle chips. really? when our senior VP asked for Kendall Chardonnay, she repeats it as Ketel One? Really?!?! 5 people ordered wine, and the first 3 got it in wine glasses. the other 2 got it in irish coffee mugs as they ran out of wine glasses, i think the 3 were the only ones in the restaurant. oh when our Senior VP asked about his glass of wine, she told him they were still making it. making wine? really? sorry, but she got on my dang nerves as she was forgetting everything, and never asking if we needed anything. our other server, jared was great and prompt. however, he said he made my mojito, and it was the sweetest mojito i ever had. as sweet as the sweet tea. no bueno. i didnt taste any alcohol.the fried kettle chips were good, but the only sauce that was good was the bleu cheese. i got the sweet tea, as i wanted to try everything southern, and the first was uber sweet. second one was not sweet at all! so odd. not consistent. the corn bread skillet, was very cake-y, not enjoyable. i ordered the 3 item platter, as i wanted a taste of everything. had the sausage (Was told it would be spicy, yay!), pulled pork, and the beef brisket. i chose the fancier side of macaroni and cheese (a must for me) and their coleslaw. the mac and cheese, although we killed it, it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. the coleslaw was just ok. the pulled pork was good, but it tasted like something i have had in CA. dissapointed. the brisket was bleh. the sausage was disgusting, and not spicy at all. oh i think the best thing was the texas toast like bread that came with the dish. sad. lastly, their bathroom REEKS of URINE. i thought it was just me, but my other coworkers had the same reaction without me telling them beforehand. it's a large restroom (about 6 stalls), and it seriously smells like someone peed all over the ground. the employees must use this restroom, are they immune to it and have not noticed? yuck.wouldnt come back again.
4	I took advantage of the Sunday beer specials and had the nachos for dinner.  Service was very good and the food was delicious.  It's a good place to eat... and very close to the Hilton which is walking distance away.
3	This review is for take out only.  We had a big family gathering in the area and one of my relatives is a big fan of Smokey Bones (I had never heard of it before).  So, upon his recommendation, we placed a large order for take out.  They did a great job providing everything we needed for our family reunion (including plates, napkins, cups, wipe-ups, forks, extra sauce, etc).  And the order was ready when we got there to pick it up. We had a huge platter of some sort of pork (which of course I don't partake in) and a huge platter of BBQ chicken, various side dishes including slaw, baked beans, rolls, and a couple of gallons of tea. I can't say what the service is like for dining in, but for take-out if you are feeding a pretty good sized crowd, I would say give them a try!
5	Love the stackable 7-layered chocolate cake
4	Their pulled pork is to die for. They also have some nice burger platters that are very filling. The bar is good to hang out at and they have several TVs that are easy to see no matter where you sit.
4	Purportedly a BBQ place, but I wouldn't come here for that. Brisket is indeed dry; it wasn't like that when I first tried this place a few years ago. 2.5 stars if judged solely on the menu. Smokey Bones is more like a great place to drink and watch sports on any number of televisions that are all over the place. And suck on their succulent smoked chicken wings. So good, enough to jack it up to 3 maybe 3.5 stars. The service was very good, helpful and quite attractive. Some of the best looking waitstaff I've seen outside of a Hooters; adding an extra point for that reason. Because I'm shallow like that.
1	Came here for lunch with a work associate and we both had the Pulled pork sandwich.  Unfortunately, I ordered the Mac 'n' Cheese, which I was told by the lovely waitress, that it was delicious!  Well, the sandwich came and was okay, but after taking one bite of the Mac 'n' Cheese, I couldn't believe what I was tasting:  this had more garlic in it than a 5 lb loaf of garlic bread!  I immediately complained that there's no way that anybody who deals with people could eat this and still have friends after!  The waitress agreed but said that "this is a recipe that came from  Management and there's no changing it!"    The Chef even came out and said the same thing, which makes me think that not only is the Mgt. of this place "out to lunch" (hopefully at a different restaurant), but that they're also tone-deaf and "hard of tasting!"What are these "Management people" thinking?  Don't they realize that #1) Mac 'n' Cheese doesn't need any garlic, and #2) that people come here for lunch and need to get back to work, and there's no way that this amount of garlic is going to be a good thing for the person that eats it! I'm certain there's got to be better BBQ places in N. Charlotte, and I look forward to finding them the next time I'm in town.
2	Came here because I wanted to try something new for dinner with my folks. Since it was near school and I didn't want to drive across the city to eat, we decided to come here. There is plenty of seating, as this place doesn't get that much business (I wonder why...) and the cool thing about the seating is that for every game on the television there is a small box that can tune in so you can hear it. However, it didn't work at my table because either they didn't turn on the system or it was broken. Let me say, this place is not somewhere to eat. It's a drinking place. That being said, I ordered the BBQ burger and it was stacked (which isn't bad). However, there's a catch to it. You would imagine, yeah burger comes with fries right? Wrong. Fries are a dollar extra on top of your $8-9 burger ($2 if you want onion rings) So, if you decide to get a burger, prepare that there will not be any sides. However, I believe that their burger is something to get and actually more than their BBQ. My family enjoyed what they ordered, baked potato with a salad and smokehouse burgers. I don't think they had really anything special about it, except that they said it wasn't as oily as other restaurants. (But come on, it's supposed to be greasy!)Thanks to those who reviewed here on yelp, my family and I stayed away from the brisket! And plus, I think no where can compare briskets to Mac's (check out my review on them). Until then, I'll be sure to mention it. I think my next trip for BBQ will be Mac's, but if you're in the Hilton and you're starving for BBQ you really have no other choice. Hey, at least you can walk.
1	This was a bad experience from the start. The hostes told me that there was a one hour wait (even though the dining room was half empty). Twenty minutes into my wait, two parties came in and were seated while I waited. After complining I was seated.Ordered a salad and ribs. The salad was good, the ribs were as tough as leather. The baked potato had to be broken with fork and knife since it probably had been baking for hours.The only good thing about the experience was the server which was very attentive and appologized profusely for the innedible food.
1	Was in town for a family reuinion and this place was right by the hotel. We had a party of 7. The service was HORRIBLE. There were only 2 other tables occupied but it took a century to get our food. Then 6 out of 7 of us had incorrect orders. Our waitress noted that they had mixed up several plates btu instead of offering to fic it assumed that we would just all trade portions of our plates to make a correct plate. UH NO! All of our baked potatoes were hard and cold. It was a mess. Then when the bill came the waitress didn't even acknowledge the poor service with an adjustment on the bill or even an i'm sorry.  I had to ask for the manager and explain the entire debaucle to get any attention. In the end, the manager knocked 50% off the bill so I give him kudos for that. But thats about it.
1	This was the most disappointing BBQ restaurant I have ever been to! From the time I opened the menu and noticed the up selling on items like the sides, and burger items, calling sides regular sides, fancy sides "in which you pay more," then fancier sides " in which you pay even more." These side were basic sides that usually accompany BBQ dishes, and the mac & cheese tasted like Kraft box mac & cheese. My soup was cold and tasted like they just took it from a package and poured it right into a bowl. I told the waitress about the cold soup so she offers to give me a Caesar salad to go, and they poured the dressing on it to send me off with a soggy salad. The brisket was tuff and awful, and the steak was spongy. The most important flaw was that none of their items tasted smoked. Smokey bones is the McDonald's of BBQ with a bar.
5	Soooooooooo, after a 4 year hiatus, we have decided to go back to Smokey Bones for a re-do. I will take this early opportunity to divulge that the only reason we have decided to go back is that it is under new management and that new manager is a close friend. The following review, though, has nothing to do with our friendship and he was NOT present at the time I went so had nothing to do with the food or service we received. This was a real dinner visit with guests in town for the holiday and they wanted good Q and Wes assured me that the place had turned around. He was right. I can be a harsh critic. I expect a lot from an eatery. As posted before in other reviews, I think restaurants are magic. Unfortunately, there are a lot of bad magicians out there. Smokey Bones had fallen far from pulling rabbits out of hats and was doing Wal-Mart magic kit stuff that just wasn't working for them. They needed a turn around moment or they were done. I am seriously surprised that, with our last experience and the reviews that have been posted here since, it hasn't closed it's doors. They found the magic again and here's what went down:We were a party of 6. My immediate family and my sister and brother in law. We dropped in about 7 and entered. The design flaw of this building is that the entrance area drops you right in to the bar area which can be a bit loud but the food seating area's are much more noise appropriate. We were seated at a 6 top near the bar but found the noise level a bit much. We asked for a new seating arrangement which was immediately and pleasantly taken care of. The place was not terribly busy but several tables were occupied and most folks seemed in good spirits and were eating and drinking away. Our server was Krista. Super pleasant, nice and attentive. She circled the table and was kind enough to repeat the special to my brother in law who was directly under the speaker (at first) and couldn't hear her. We decided on the smoked wings for an app. GOOD CALL! These little dandy's are double smoked (according to the menu) with a dry rub and then drizzled with a sweet, almost teriyaki (sp), type of sauce. Drizzled is the main word here because too much would just be too much and the wings would have lost their appeal to me. We polished off 16 in no time flat and were unanimously impressed. The orders around the table were varied, which was great because I got to try a little of a bunch of stuff. Across the board we were impressed with the food quality and flavors.  I got the St Louis ribs and brisket combo platter with a baked tater and broccoli. The ribs were with out compare the star of this whole program! Well rubbed, cooked to a tender but not "falling of the bone" overdone-ness. The smoke ring was deep and the meat was tasty. I dipped the ribs in some of the Chipotle BBQ sauce (which is now, thankfully, set at the table again for your enjoyment and mixing pleasure!). My Bro-in-law got the baby backs and was fully excited about them. I could see the incredibly deep smoke ring from where I sat a couple seats away. He finished his and got a whole rack to go for cold eating on his drive home today! My wife got the half chicken/brisket combo and was delighted in the moistness and tenderness of the chicken meat, though she is not a big sauce-er and felt that for her taste is was too saucy. She did rave however on the meat itself. My sis got polled pork and it was NICE! I stuck my fork over for a steal and agreed with her judgement. At the risk of saying moist too many times, it was really moist and flavorful. The 7 oz. medium steak my son got was well cooked and looked great but wasn't on the plate long enough for me to get a bite (cause he's a punk!)Sides were good, I loved the broccoli, the tater was well cooked and tasty and overall I was very pleased with the food. So's we all don't think I am being pulled along by my friendship with the GM, here is the stuff that may have left us wanting a little bit. The brisket was okay, not great but well cooked, fat cap on keeping the meat (wait for it...) humid! (jk, it was moist!) but didn't blow my head off like I hoped. My sis said the slaw was okay but nothing special. It was a little loud in the bar area but sitting in the dining area took care of that. So that's that. Sometimes you gotta change the driver. Smokey Bones was on the verge of ruin and they changed the driver to a guy who I can vouch is a true restaurant dude who is more concerned with quality than quantity of food served. His employee's seem happy to work for him and in return he gets employee's who want to continue to work for him so they do a better job. Why 5 star's you may ask yourself. Well, my last review was a deuce and the difference in the experiences was more than a 2 star upgrade. If it were possible I would probably do 4.5 stars but, alas, it isn't a possibility so 5 it is. The standards have been raised.Good eating!V-dub
4	Their food is great and honestly we were able to have 5 people eat for about $50 which isn't too bad. The chicken by brother had obviously isn't their specialty. But the burgers were superb. The waitress seemed new and a little distant in the brain. She obviously was still getting used to stuff. The food took a little while to come out which made me demolish my burger even faster. After that everything seemed to go well. I love the fact that you can request to have a channel changed to watch what you want but they need to upgrade their TVs.
4	Average chain restaurant with the average variety, but still good teriyaki salmon and mac and cheese. There is not much to say.
3	I liked it bc of the coupons but it is now closed they informed me by email.
