3	What's that!? A dimsum restaurant in Montreal that's worth talking about? Get out of here! But we finally have an alternative for dimsum other than Kam Fung or Ruby Rouge; an alternative with a slight modern twist (read fancier and more expensive.As we entered the restaurant, I was in awe! The setting is surprisingly beautiful: modern look, chair covers, fancy plates and huge windows (the fireworks will be partially visible in the summertime I believe). I am sure this restaurant will be a very popular spot for upcoming weddings.Unlike the other places, there are no old Chinese women who barely speak English pushing carts between tables. Instead, younger waitresses take down your order and bring them to you as they come right off the kitchen.The food was in general very good. Some of the dishes had a modern twist to it. For example, they had a rice noodle roll stuffed with Kobe beef. Another dumpling had a touch of truffle oil.However, the service was seriously lacking. I'd even say it was horrendous! Spilled water (on my friend), spilled sauce (on my other friend's jacket), a batch of dumpling still raw, etc. The waitress just showed my friend the way to the bathroom to clean his jacket. The worst is that they took so long to bring some of our food that we gave up and asked for the bill even though there was still 1/4 of our order still to go. I think all of us left still a bit hungry but we didn't care at this point. We complained to management only to receive some meager apologies. For any other restaurant, I'd suggest NOT to go based on the horrible service. However, I really want this restaurant to succeed. Yes it's a bit more expensive but I don't really mind: you pay for the fancier setting! The food is good enough that I'll go back for sure. I believe that le Cristal Chinois is a good addition to the Chinatown scene: a breath of fresh air! PS: Please note that we went there on New Year's Day. Not only was it a very busy day but they had been opened for only 2 weeks. So the service may have improved by then.
5	Amazing! We went there for Chinese New Year - the service was amazing and the food quality was superb! It was comparable to that of Hong Kong and Vancouver (being a Honger myself - it was really nice to see!)A big plus, was that the washrooms were immaculate and plentiful. (I know a very strange thing, but I NEVER go to any of the washrooms in some restaurants in Montreal due to their lack of cleanliness).
5	Was very impressed with service. Everyone was helpful when I needed to find out where to pay and when I needed more napkins and such. This is surprising for a Chinese restaurant, usually service isn't too great. (Sorry to say). Dim sum I would say was good, maybe because the service was so good that the food actually tasted good. I had the typical dim sum dishes like the shrimp rolls, the siu mai etc. The chicken feet was very delicious actually. Atmosphere was almost like I was at someone' wedding, but not. The chairs were soft. Not that it matters, but they really were soft. Would recommend going to check out this dim sum place. It's new, it's refreshing.
5	Best Chinese food. Yummy but pricey
3	Normally you would be able to get a sneak peak of what the ladies are pushing in their carts when they abandon their Franglais explanation and just show you what's in the steamers. Le Cristal remedied their a la carte ordering system by providing you with a photo album of all the dishes that they offer... like those bars in Thailand where you can pick out your date for the night... I mean drink of choice. Price wise, Le Cristal is a bit more expensive, but not enough to notice when you're in the company of fellow dim summers and dumpling aficionados. Give it a shot, it's solid. I plan on going back to explore the rest of the menu.
1	I love dim sum, so was persuaded by the positive reviews to give le Cristal a shot. Found the restaurant to be very clean and tastefully decorated but a bit lacking in personality. Was disappointed in the quality and taste of the food. Found everything lacking flavour. Of all the dumplings I ordered, none were better than I could have made myself from store bought frozen packages. The squid was nicely done, sticky rice bland and sauces doled out in small cups as though it was gold. The Staff was very friendly but I would not return. Food quality is unfortunately not worth the price they charge.
4	I've been here twice now, once for dim sum and once for dinner.If you are driving, there is free parking underground during dinner service. Just bring your ticket up and they will validate it for you.Okay, dim sum review:They had a good variety of dishes and being famished, we ordered 12 plates. I highly recommend the XO sauce turnip cakes, tofu with prawns, beef rice rolls, lotus wrapped rice, and the bbq pork pastries. If you are into the chicken feet (I am) then get that too, because it's pretty good.For 12 plates, we paid $61 including tax...which in my eyes, is a bargain for what you get. It's the only place in Montreal that I would go for and as a Vancouverite that has had some of the best dim sum, I've finally found a place here that I can call home.Dinner time!We ordered the peking duck, 2 lobsters with E-Fu noodles ($10 extra), free range chicken with ginger and green onions and a plate of pea shoots.The first course of peking duck with the pancake wraps was great and very filling. However, the second course is traditionally, made with a lettuce wrap and instead they did a fried pastry. Not sure if I like it so much, since it seemed like this dish was more appropriate for a lunch meal. No big deal though.The lobsters were on special (2 for $28) with a choice of 5 different ways of making it. We decided to get it stir fried with green onions and garlic and it was very tasty and fresh. They don't use the biggest lobsters, but there were 4 of us and we weren't complaining.The free range chicken awesome! Highly recommend it and goes well with white rice since it's a bit salty by nature.Pea shoots with sauteed garlic was a nice way to break up the meat dishes and decent. Dinner was $120 including tip and taxes. Not bad considering I ate like a king...or should I say, an emperor.
4	Though I haven't been in Montreal for long, I can safely say that this is the best dim sum I've had in Montreal. The restaurant is clean and spacious. I like the fact they have the traditional dim sum option and some unique ones you won't find at other places. Honestly, the very slight difference in price from Kam Fung is worth it. Service was ok. There were times we'd ask for more tea or water, but it didn't come. I have to admit that I miss the carts, but overall still happy we tried it here. Can't wait to take the family to check it out for themselves.
4	High-end Cantonese restaurant on the top floor of the Swatow shopping plaza in the heart of Chinatown. High ceiling, roomy and plenty of natural light with a skyline view to the west, daytime dim sum offers a tasty and varied selection of items that are delivered fresh (albeit a little slow to the table than one would like) and in good portion size. I detected low sodium and very little hint of MSG (always a good sign). The service was polite and accommodating. It is a tad pricey, but there is a caveat in that free underground parking is available (although certain conditions apply). Given the decline of dim sum houses in the city, this new entry may well entice fans back to old Chinatown for a little rekindling.
4	Good high end Chinese food.  Not greasy and salty. Service was excellent.  A good experience.
4	Food is excellent... authentic Chinese dishes which are guaranteed to please even the most discerning Asian palate. There is a wide selection of items from the menu. Try the Peking Duck - spectacular. The assortment of dimsum is tasty, albeit on the expensive side. The restaurant is new, so it's clean and provides a pleasant environment - quite different from some other Chinese restaurants one may find. Service however is only so-so. Servers are too busy to pay particular attention to diners. Try asking for more chilli, or replenishment of tea, or for the soiled utensils to be cleared.... you'll expect to wait, and wait, and wait...
4	Marvellous! Best dim sum I've had in Montreal!Though a bit too expensive comparing to other places, but the food is really delicious. The decor and ambience is amazing. Big windows on the 6th floor allow very little distractions.What I love even more about the place is that the ceilings are quite high, and thus the environment seems less noisy.The service is very average however.
5	We went for dim sum, sunday afternoon.The place looks grand, the new chandelier makes it look very modern, except the birch wood paneling looks cheap, go figure. This place is huge, they had chinese banquet in mind when they opened this place, there are going to be many a weddings here, can't wait to go hahaha...The dim sum here is different, you get a list and check off what you want and they bring it. Don't forget to ask for the picture book so you can order the dish you want without really knowing what it's called, as the french/english translation is somewhat misleading and sometimes just contradictory.We found a veggie item on the menu which was translated into shrimp dumpling in english and listed as vegetarien in french... if you don't read mandarin it's a ring toss really, lol. But if you have the picture book it helps. I like the new way of ordering dim sum, you order what you want, and you're not tempted to over order because they don't have traveling carts and don't pander to you anymore... it's a more sedated dim sum experience, there is no longer that element of anticipation when a cart rolls by, but at least when you get your food it's just what you want to order. A lot of places do it this way now, it's more efficient and there is less food waste.They have a few items that I would definitely try next time as I don't see it at other dim sum joints in mtl. The food is tasty, it is well cooked and cooked right. from dumpling to soup to noodles it is all good. We ate it all without soy sauce or hot sauce, the mark of good sim sum is you eat it without condiments, and on that point, this place really shine!!! ding ding ding.The thing that ticked me off a bit was the service, it was not up to par for an upscale place. Service is inefficient (although I don't grade on service) add that to the pricey food (42$ for two taxes and tips included, avg price whould be 10-15$ pp), it makes me reconsider coming back here often. I would definitely come back because there are things that really make me curious, like what's their peking duck like? But the price and service means I'm gonna have to come when I have extra dough and not in a rush... which rarely happens :P
4	this was quite the experience. I had a lot of stuff. the sticky rice was good.
4	I've had dim sum in New York, China and Hong Kong and this is right up there with them. We went early on a Sunday morning and it as very quiet so can't speak for busier times but service was better than expected (and friendlier) and food was fantastic!Not sure what other dim sum restaurants cost in Montreal but the two of us were stuffed to the brim for a mere $31. WELL worth it. We will be coming back next time we are in town.
3	If you are looking for dim sum that is like other places, but has a bit fancier environment and higher prices, this is it.Le Cristal Chinois is located on the 6th floor of an office building. Seats near the large glass windows offer nice views. The whole place is open and airy.This restaurant offers great variety, especially if you are looking to eat chicken feet, pork intestines, tripe, tendons, and pig ears.The fine line is this... If you don't like these things, perhaps you should think twice. If you do, you may also find the flavour somewhat lacking on some items. (The pig ears are probably the best bet among items you won't find in a fast food chain Chinese place.)However, if you just want a classic dim sum experience without much concern for the finer details of food or service, this should suffice.
4	Good place but don't have that much time to go there very often.
1	Extremely poor and rude service.
4	I really enjoyed this place, it's a nice alternative to the rushed pace of other establishments.  Here you fill out forms with the quantities of the items you'd like. If you don't know what the items are, have no fear! They have laminated picture menus upon request. This method requires more work from you but the trade - off is fresh items straight from the kitchen. We were a party of 3 adults and 1 child, and ended up ordering 11 dishes, which meant plenty of left overs. Pre - tip I think it came to around $70 (including a soda). Everything I tried was very good, the congee is probably my favorite version thus far. As an aside, it's a clean restaurant which my bf insists is really important.
3	I came here for lunch around 2pm. Unfortunately the waiter took a while to take my order as he forgot that I was there. The yumcha was not bad. Coming from Sydney Australia, it's hard not to compare it to the yumcha places in Sydney, like Phoenix. Definitely not as good, but not bad for a place in Montreal. Paid for the meal with a 28degrees credit card but the machine was not accepting it so I had to go to an ATM to withdrawal and pay in cash.
1	Appalling service, okay food.Ambience: Service is in a banquet room which seats around 300, so it's pretty noisy and as far from intimate as you're likely to get.Service: Possibly the worst I've ever come across - no exaggeration. After 1.5 hrs I only ended up ever getting half my order and had to leave. Waiters varied between no caring, being straight-out rude or completely clueless as to why I'd expect anything else given how busy it was. I witnessed at least 3 other tables complaining about their service and more than one or two diners getting up to get themselves clean cutlery.Food: The one order I did get was okay, but nothing special. Pity, really as the other item I had requested was the more interesting sounding one.Price: Good. Though no offer to reduce or comp my meal was ever even given in spite of everyone knowing I had to leave hungry and unsatisfied.In short, I never judge places on service alone, but in this case I'll make an exception - I'm never ever going back.
4	Big nice dim sum place in China town 6th floor.  Orders are mainly in Chinese so bring a friend heheh good luck. Try not to over order and they don't like it when you cancel a dish. So, try to know what you want.  Weekends, they mainly have the cart but not week day.
3	For chinese dim sum, this is actually a good place to go to. The surrounding is very nice and pretty. Scenery is beautiful too. I like how the tables are very spacey in comparison to a lot of other dim sum restaurants. Prices are a little high but this is not Toronto, so I would say its quite fair. The food itself is good for me, but my parents and relatives thought it was below mediocre. Staff service is great - of course  it's probably more beneficial to bring someone who knows the language, so you know what you are ordering.
1	I'm not sure why we come back, but this will be the last time.  Service is horrible.  Still sitting here waiting for food.  Still missing half our order. Keep asking but being brushed off.  There is no rush as all the tables around us, whom have arrived around the same time, have all their food and almost finished.  The table which arrived after us, who are clearly friends or staff are also almost finished their meal as well.  3different waiters and a manager, no apologies as of yet.  They clear don't care and they clearly don't care if we ever come back so we won't.
3	As my rating this place was OK!!! Service was better than expected as the have horrible reviews on the service. But when we went it was quite. The Dim sum was just OK. Chicken feet and Congee was very poor. But loved the Shu Mai. We also ordered the ginger lobster which was great!! Fried noodles were good but the meat tasted synthetic!!! Not sure what they do to it or how they prepare it but it has such a weird texture!!! Would I go back?? Probably for a meal but not for Dim Sum!!!
4	Been there several times, for breakfast, lunch and dinner. It has never been disappointing. I'm Chinese by the way. The price for breakfast is unbeatable and they manage to keep the dim sum high quality. All staff are Cantonese, no wonder. Tea is always offered for free and you have several choices. I recommend green tea over the others. Price for dinner is a bit pricey but totally worth the price. Don't forget to order their steamed fish. That's Cantonese' s specialty. And the soup, too! I also ordered crab last time, was pretty fresh. Freshness is most important for me when order seafood. Veggies are nicely cooked also. After the meal, free desert is also offered. Anyway, I understand the frustration westerner might have with Chinese menu, but I really like this restaurant. Service is been pretty fast for me also but when there are a lot of clients they do tend to slow down so wave your hand when they can see.
5	The food is good, but the service could be improved.
