1	When I went to the website to become a "Wino" I was expecting to sample some of the better street wines such Night Train, Thunderbird, MD 20/20 and Cisco. To my disappointment we toured vineyards and sampled wine costing over $20 a bottle and we did not even get to take a nap under any bridge in Phoenix, AZ.Waste of time and money and over 1/2th of my welfare check
5	I can't say enough great things about Arizona Grape Escapes!!  Who knew that we had all these beautiful wineries & tasting rooms in Arizona!?!?  I planned a tour with 6 friends in hopes to just have a fun day away from home but we got so much more!  First, we were greeted by 2 beautiful smiling faces (Colleen & Tina) who welcomed my friends & I into their cool & comfortable "wine-a-bago"...fully stocked with water & snacks.  After we buckled ourselves in, the memorable tour began. Colleen took the time to educate us on the history of wine, conducted an aroma test with us for various flavors found in wine and then guided us through Oak Creek Vineyards, Page Springs Cellars, Arizona Stronghold Tasting Room, and Pillsbury Wine Company. To top the day off, Colleen & Tina set up an amazing private lunch for us right along Oak Creek.  It was absolutely breathtaking!  Nothing like fine wine, fresh bread, assorted cheese, meat & veggies. Oh - and I can't forget to mention we each received our own wine glass & souvenir bag! At the end of the day, our tummies were full, our hearts were warm, our knowledge of wine was broader & another life long memory was created with great friends!!  Thank you Arizona Grape Escapes for putting all the important touches into a tour that is far from hopping onto a college party bus & getting drunk for the day.  This is what a REAL "Wino" is looking for in a wine tour!  We look forward to many more tours in the future!
5	Have had several interactions with Arizona Grape Escapes and amazing everytime. We rented the trip for my family and myself to go to Vineyards in Sonora, AZ. Price was great, the experience in the Winobago was so fun, and their knowledge awas amazing. Tina and Colleen were amazing. I recommend A.G.E. to anyone looking to explore Arizona Wines!
