5	Jill Law is an absolute genius. She made a new shank and new prongs (both were completely broken) for my 100-year-old family engagement ring. The shank and shoulders of the ring were platinum, and the setting was white gold. She did a fantastic job blending the new platinum shank with the gorgeous original filigree shoulders, and she also went out of her way to make stylized prongs AND treat the white gold of the setting so that it matched the platinum shoulders and shank perfectly. I was absolutely ecstatic when I saw the ring. She did a gorgeous job, and the price was really fair for the amount of work she did. Her passion for her work is evident in the quality of her craftsmanship. My fiance and I didn't buy anything from them-- we just paid for the repairs-- but we will definitely come back for new pieces and more services in the future because of how wonderful they were. I really can't speak high enough of this jeweler. I also love that they're a local, family-owned business and not some national chain. I hope they're in Phoenix for years to come.
5	You don't need a kiss that begins with Kay.What you need is some straight-up ass kissing right now.Your banker has always wanted you for more than just a client, only now she's drunk and pawing all over you at a charity event, in front of your wife no less.Houston, we have a problem.Your fashion ensemble for the evening, linen trousers, may not have been the best choice. Concealing your basket at this point, who has not only woken from his slumbers, but appears to be going for a morning stretch, is now impossible. You quickly untuck your Ed Hardy shirt from your pants. Too late.Your wife, ever on guard duty at these types of events, almost like a German WW ll officer guarding the prison barracks, has caught glimpse of the little prisoner and quickly concluded he's about to make a break for it. No talking your way out of this one...you're fucked proper now. But there is a way out of this conundrum. It's called jewelry.Enter Naughton Jewelers.The Naughton sisters, longtime Phoenix residents and purveyors of marital bliss (or at best marital salvage) can save your pathetic bacon.If you're in a predicament such as this with no way out other than jewelry, these fine ladies, similar to a wine tasting event,  possess the uncanny ability to pair the proper piece of jewelry with the crime. Making sure you don't go overboard with a pair of one carat studs when all you really needed for this impropriety was a peuter unicorn charm with a 1/4 carat rock sitting on its horn. Yup. You're out of the woods for less than five hundred bucks, and not the $6,000 you believed it would take to reopen her playground. Pretty cheap for a party boner if you ask me.Caught red-handed?Who needs those big chain jewelers anyway, like Kay.Go see the Naughtons, where every ass-kiss begins with Naughton.That doesn't flow, does it? Not like Kay's anyway.
1	Had a TAG repaired. About 6-8 months later it broke again. I took it somewhere else and learned the replacement parts that Naughton used weren't factory TAG parts. They also told me there were fingerprints all inside the watch. Terrible quality for a $300 repair.
