5	This place was wonderful. Our bartender, Katie was so polite and helpful. i followed her recommendation and ordered the market fish, which was baby scallops, and it was so good I came back the next day and got the same thing. The manager came over to ask how everything was and was extremely knowledgeable about every aspect of the restaurant. I will definitely be back and I highly recommend this establishment to anyone who enjoys good food, good service, and great atmosphere.
4	The Market LV is a creative addition to Tivoli. The space consists of little specialty shops and a wine bar. Some of the stores in here are B Sweet (candy shop), Cupkates (cupcakes), Thimbleberry House (florist), River North (home decor), Mugsy & Moxie's Bully Couture (pet store). It's cool to walk a short distance and experience so many different shops.
3	Nice cozy area. It has an area where you can order food. These people where nice enough to let the Cashman Middle School band perform there cause they didnt fit upstairs. Next time I come around I will have to try their food.
2	I just don't get it.  The Market LV has gotten some pretty terrific reviews, so I took a friend visiting from Philly fully expecting to show her something unique and new (she's visited Vegas many times).  We walked through the downstairs section, a large space with very little in it.  Maybe because it was so close to Christmas and stuff was sold out?Upstairs seemed almost eerie.  Many stores weren't still open, or weren't rented yet.  It was fairly late in the evening, so we discounted for the time.  We walked into a few shops that were open.  Cupkates has an adorable table dressed to kill for some lucky little girl's tea party.  But where I expected to see a typical display case showcasing the goodies, the only cupcakes I saw were in plastic take-out boxes.  Again, maybe the hour?  A week later I was at a friend's birthday party at Cantina Laredo, and Cupkates provided the dessert - a beautiful table filled with artfully displayed - and delicious - mini cupcakes, so I'll reserve judgment on the shop in Market LV.We visited Bully Couture.  Bulldogs are not my dog of choice, though they do cater to other flavors.  And we walked through another store that had a mishmash of chachkas for the home.  My friend is a huge collector of all kinds of art, crafts and decorative items from an eclectic assortment of artists from all over the world, and even she wondered who'd buy some of that stuff.  One wall display consisted of several canvases from a self-proclaimed artist who seemed to have opened her kitchen junk drawer on "clean out the drawer" day and pasted it all on canvas. Yeah, I know that what's art to one person is crap to another, but this seemed to be art for artist's sake only.The one compelling venue was the restaurant - great vibe, lots of people drinking wine, eating, and listening to a wonderful live jazz performance.  After looking at the menu for future reference, it's definitely a place I'd like to try, though their Happy Hour is confined to the inside, brightly lit counter.  That loses a couple of brownie points for me.Overall, the concept is terrific, but so far I'm not terribly impressed by the mix.  I will go back, though, to see what it's really like at an earlier time of day and not on the brink of the biggest holiday of the year.  And I hope I'll be able to update my rating for the better.
4	So far, I have stopped by The Market LV twice.  The first time ever, and I had no idea this place even existed, was as part of the Yelp-shops-local event; and the second time I took my parents on a Sunday afternoon.  They were in town over the holidays and since they are also local business owners, they did really appreciate it.  This place definitely has a nice vibe to it.  Both times we ended up buying an assortment of candies from the candy store.  The little restaurant/market place downstairs was closed the first time, but open on the Sunday.  My mom loved the little bridal store in there, since she is in the bridal business herself.  I must say that the bulldog store is just a little too weird for me, but I'm sure they have their own customers who love them.  There were some empty stores that will hopefully fill up soon.  I will make sure to check out The Market LV next time I'm visiting Tivoli.
1	Absolute let-down. Carrot cake was dry.  Salad choices are more limited than subway.  Service is just so-so.  Definitely skip this one.
4	This feels like we're not in Vegas, but in a warehouse collective somewhere in a urbanite neighborhood and not Summerlin suburbs. It's sort've refreshing. It still has a lot of growing to do, but the idea is cool and I'm a fan of a place of small businesses. It's cool since there's many businesses that could use a store front, but needs just a bitty ole place. The taste downstairs, the view upstairs and the cheese bar all look like a good place to grab a nosh and then cupkates and b sweet to ache my tooth. I like self contained areas for a potential bacchanalia. You could spend the day here - I can see myself playing games downstairs only to move up to catch a live performance at the View. I like places with live music and when we were strolling through someone was belting a delicate song over the piano. That calls to me! We did have places to go this day, so we are saving this idea for later. Here's what's currently up there, and as we were browsing there was a few boutiques being worked on so something new is on the horizon. FOOD - View Wine Bar & Kitchen, View Cheese Shoppe, Taste Eatery and Market, B. Sweet (candy), Cupkates by KateSTUFF- Fashion Camp LV, Mina Olive (custom bridal), Chess N Games, Artifact (creative boutique), Thimbleberry House (fresh flowers and chic outdoor design), River North Design Bar (home decor), Mugsy & Moxie's Bully Couture, MarkieChar (jewelry), Best Kept Secret (womens clothing), and ERA by Ciara (cosmetics).I'll be back soon to really get a feel of this place. For now though, I'm wanting to be back so that's positive, right?
5	I dont know how this place doesnt have 5 stars. it is SO COOL! Vegas needed a place like this. every venue is very "boutique" like. very refreshing because a lot of vegas places are so commercialized. The wine bar has an amazing view also. Located on the 2nd floor of Tivoli Village it even has its own elevator from the parking garage so it makes it very convenient. with stores like The Artifact, Box, and Best kept secret boutique you can find something for every occasion. Box is the best waxing place in vegas. Brooke is amazing. And The Artifact has the cutest art collection. These pieces are made by a 20 year olf artist out of recycled paper. I just bought a piece and it says "Do more of what makes you awesome" I have gotten more compliments on this art piece then any of my others. Def check out Market LV if your in the summerlin area!
4	Cool Urban Concept. I love the fact that this place is fostering small, local business in our corporate society. As boutique businesses continue to fill The Market LV, it will only fuel future success to the individual shops collectively. After shopping at Box I took a stroll through the entirety of the space on the second level and was excited to see the offerings.I look forward to a future date night to check out The View for some wine and cheese and enjoy the Jazz that was advertised. Being that this was a Monday (midday) foot traffic was down, but enough patrons to make this place worthwhile. In fact it seemed more people were on the second floor than the rest of Tivoli Village. Downstairs in the little cafe I enjoyed an ice-cold, Virgil's Root Beer along with a tasty Prime Rib sandwich (the order came to a reasonable $11). The bread was a good hoagie roll pressed in the Panini press with slices of Provolone and Prime Rib slathered with a moderately spicy horseradish sauce. Sandwich was exactly what I would want; not overly complicated but had tremendous amount of flavor. It was served alongside a cup of Aujus and a side of pickles that were "kicked up a notch". I forgot to ask what kind of pickles they were. Damn, I'd buy a jar! Needless to say I had a rather pleasant experience taking in the place and enjoyed the fact that it was a change of pace from a normal shopping experience. The only downside is I live so far away in Henderson. I think this concept would work at The District at Green Valley Ranch. Hint Hint.
3	I find this place to be really weird.  And sad.  Both times I have been there, on a Thursday afternoon and Saturday night, when other places in Tivoli were jumping, this place was so dead.  There were a lot of craft stores that sold tacky stuff, in my opinion. A store that specialized in clothing for bulldogs.  One big bar and one small bar specializing in wine and cheese.  The salespeople inside looked so sad and hopeful that we would come in.  It just tugged at my heart strings.  But I don't need a sweater for a bulldog or something random made out of mosaic tiles.  The restaurant downstairs closed down I believe.  It was open the first time I went and closed the second time.  Not even sure what it was.  The chalkboard by the elevators lists Shibuya and Harley Davidson on its list of stores.  I did not see them... maybe they will be there soon?  If so, Shibuya would definitely breathe life into this place.  Cute concept, but it doesn't appear to be working very well.
3	The first level started as an actual market. Well, I'm not sure if you would call it that, but you could buy produce. The counter was a blend of coffee shop, juicery, and deli (a condensed version of what you'd find in Whole Foods). Now, it's home to The Crepe; they're still serving up coffee, tea, and smoothies, but now has an extended menu of crepes. No more market element. The rest of the space is used for Improv nights, stage acts, and even tango (seriously). I've walked through the space a few times, but haven't patronized it.Upstairs is home to an array of boutiques and restaurant, View Wine Bar & Kitchen. It's a really neat setup. Open ceilings with exposed building elements that give the space a warehouse/rustic feel.  The floor-to-ceiling windows of View Wine Bar give the second level necessary light and a wonderful view of Tivoli Village's center. Boutiques are a tough sell. They're adorable and offer mostly unique purchases and experiences. However, prices are usually higher than most feel comfortable spending. These "ma-and-pa" businesses don't have the benefit of mass-production, hence higher costs. Further, the boutiques that focus on handmade goods have even higher labor costs and rightfully so. It's certainly fun to walk through and peer into the spaces, but I'm sure a lot of people seldom shop. A few stores have already come and gone in the short time Market LV has been open. It's a real shame.Of the current tenants, I like the Blowout Dollhouse (hair styling only salon with fabulous decor), Annie Creamcheese (high-end consignment/vintage shop that used to be at the Palazzo), ERA by Ciara (specialty cosmetics that you can't find anywhere else in the valley), and View Wine Bar. I haven't found an occasion to utilize the Blowout Dollhouse's services or made a purchase/sale at Annie Creamcheese, but I like what these businesses offer.
5	I absolutely love this place! The ambiance is hip and cool and the tapas are unique and fresh. The live music at The Market and other shops in Tivoli saves us a trip to the strip. It's nice to have this in our neighborhood.I have turned on many friends to this swank little spot.There are several unique shops at Tivoli. The Fashion Camp LV was a cute idea and the little girls loved learning to sew. Sadly they closed up shop a few months ago. I did hear about another company offering something similar at the Springs Preserve called the Frock Chop this summer.
4	"Yay! I'm a fan."I came here on a Thursday afternoon with some friends. Tivoli Village was as dead as my backyard's grass during this 200 degree weather. I was able to try the lobster mac, avocado bruschetta, ricotta cakes, cheese platter, & macadamian crusted salmon. Every single thing was to my pleasing! The atmosphere & food were all quaint, cute, simple, light tasting, & tasty. Portions are on like the tapas side. The food went well with my white sangrias. The sangria was "eh", nothing special though. I would definitely come back sometime & recommend it to others.
