4	This is our local bagel supply house. They have boiled bagels and are wonderful. They have sandwiches, muffins, breads, fruit, coffee's etc. Great place, really clean, and the staff is friendly.
4	After just transferring to Phoenix a few days ago I found myself starving and looking for something breakfast wise.  I go to Fry's for a Tully's coffee but nothing there piqued my interest so I remembered there was a bagel place in the plaza.  The outside wasn't anything to write home about once I went in I was greeted by two ladies who seemed actually HAPPY to serve me!  Their menu was easy to see, they have their bagel selection right out front so you can see what you'll be getting which I found nice.  I settled on a Bagel with cheese, egg and bacon.  While paying I felt bad about not having cash on hand seeing as my bill only came to $3.95, the lady reassured me it was totally fine and went about placing my order with the back.  I was hand-delivered my sandwich in under 10 minutes with a warm smile and "have a great day".The sandwich was great, the service was awesome, the place was clean and comfortable.  I will be going back when in the area for sure!
4	We had to drop the car in at the Jeep Dealership for an oil change very early the other morning and as a result did not have time for breakfast! : (We remembered there was a Fry's Store nearby so drove in that direction  but when we pulled into the mall area we stumbled across Bagel Gourmet. I am so glad we did, the bagels are fresh, moist, lots of flavors to choose from and very tasty. You can get them toasted and with different toppings. We chose the cream cheese which was very good. Can recommend the apple and cinnamon bagel as well as the cinnamon and raison bagel. The coffee is also very good unlike the car dealership's coffee!!!
4	Still great. I forget how good they are and wonder why it goes so long between visits. Service was slow and forgetful but once you eat you forget about it.
5	I've been here for both a morning bagel and a lunch sandwich basket, and have yet to be disappointed.  It is close to my office so I come by at least a couple times a month.  The staff is always friendly and you feel like a regular after only dining in a few times.
5	Damn good stuff... hand boiled and baked. Service was quick and friendly. Prices seem reasonable. I had a Cornbeef on sesame, with swiss and 1000 island, and some homemade pasta salad....yummy
5	Best breakfast bagel sandwich I've ever had. Sausage, egg, and cheese on a salt bagel. The bagels are obviously boiled/baked the correct way and taste homemade. Service is friendly and fast. I'll definitely be back.
5	I usually get a salt, cheese or veggie bagel, all of them are great and under a $1, if you just want it plain.I love their flavored coffee. I don't have to put a ton of milk in it, I can actually drink it black...I save the calories for the bagel. The service is always fast and friendly. Stop in, I can't imagine you'll be disappointed.
5	AMAZING! Best bagels for a low price! Great for breakfast, kinda odd that its aasin food place by the afternoon.
4	I've been here a few times and think the bagels are very good but I'm not a huge fan of the coffee and their sandwiches.I suggest you pick up some everything bagels. So good. Employees are super friendly and recognize the regulars without issue.Prices are great, you really can't beat 'em. You won't find another bagel place around here at these prices.
5	I have become a regular here recently. I have not met cooler business owners, especially ones who will go out of their way for customers. If that wasn't enough, the food is great! Water boiled bagels and amazing variations. Plus, this is the only place I can get vegetarian kimchi in a huge jar and/or on my bagel. Enjoy.
5	I've never experienced anything but pleasant helpful staff any time I've been here. Years ago I dropped by on my way to work for a bagel & drink, they were fast and good then. Today I have them deliver to my home and they were fresh, good and they've changed up the spreads to even better. There is actual veggies in the garden vegetable spread. I do prefer the previous way of doing spinach and cheese bagels but this one is excellent as well. I also ordered a sandwich, that didn't come out right but Linda was very helpful and easy to deal with in regards to a replacement order.
4	So unpretentious is this little gem that I didn't even know it was here. Totally worth a trip to grab an omelet on a bagel, a specialty coffee, or an italian soda. They also serve some Asian cuisine!
5	I stopped by for lunch today with my 2 year old and was met by a very sweet, friendly couple who run the shop. The food was excellent, reasonably priced and quickly served. There were so many lunch options and I was especially impressed with how clean the shop was! As a mom I didn't have to worry about whether or not the tables and high chair were clean enough...this place was absolutely spotless!What won me over completely was the customer service. They helped me set up the high chair since my hands were full and then visited with us a little while longer. My little boy, who is extremely shy, was grinning from ear to ear and laughing at the owner playing peekaboo with him from behind the counter.  I loved that they weren't too busy to show an active interest in even the littlest of their patrons.All that to say, I will be going back soon and I will be letting all my friends know about this little gem of an establishment.
4	Good food... opinion finely dice your Jalepenos in your cream cheese, slices of them yuk! It wasnt spicy either... add some of the seeds.
5	Great bagels! Not the best atmosphere but good coffee and bagels. Fair prices, friendly staff... I will definitely go there more often.
4	This place isn't far from my house so when we are craving something quick and easy for breakfast we stop at Bagel Gormet. In fact we went there as late as last week although throughout the years we have been there many times. They have a wide selection of bagels that are awesome. They specialize in Old World Water Boiled Bagels (makes all the difference) . We normally get the Denver Breakfast Bagel (Egg, Ham, Cheese, Bell Pepper, Onion). The first time my wife & I tried their bagels we both were flabbergasted. Right away we thought this is what a bagel should taste like. Their bagels are fresh, tasty ,chewy, doughy and so delicious.   In summary, when you go to Bagel Gormet, you can expect fresh  bagels with a nice variety of spreads. Plus they serve great Sandwiches, salades and deserts.CUSTOMER SERVICE:  The service was extremely fast (as fast as it can be done) and everyone was very friendly. The people who work here are nice and down to earth FOOD: Delectable  ....sooo delicious. Bagels are soft, flavorful and delicious  AMBIENCE: The inside is comfy and quaint . Comfortable feel a good place for to grt a quick bite or cup of coffee casual conversation. CONCLUSION: I would recommend this place to anyone!!!   Delicious bagels!!!  So check them out!!
5	I really like their bagels. Their bagels remind of Panera's. (East coast)
5	The best bagels in AZ! The people here are very friendly and nice. :)
4	Great bagel. They even have salted bagels which are hard to find. Yum! I want to go back to try some of their sandwich options. The staff is very friendly and helpful as well.
5	I love this place!  Their bagels are incredibly yummy, and fresh. My friend, who was born and raised in NY, told me that these are the best bagels she's had since leaving there.  I often buy a dozen to take home, and freeze them. When I want one, I toast them and they're just as good.
5	Been coming here for years! I love it, and they will make anything to order. Great service, free wifi, fresh food and ingredients! Have I said I loved this place??!! The place is family owned and operated, they know my name and my order before I'm completely in the door! Try the hot pastrami if you are in the area for lunch. Sooo gooood.
4	Great Bagels and Bagelettes! Their Bagel Omelette sandwiches are fantastic and I have to get one every time!I believe it was a recent item, a country-style breakfast burrito. Eggs with Sausage and Gravy. Thats what it is supposed to be but what I ended up getting was a log of cooked egg (it was good well, I'll say that) and flavorless sausage gravy drizzled over the log.  By log, I mean when I unraveled the tortilla to see what I had gotten, it was a single cylindrical brick of cooked egg. Without trying to come off as rude I have to admit it was kinda gross. I was so disappointed because thats one of my favorite styled breakfast burritos. I would love to come back and try another one but this was not a country breakfast burrito. I'll stick to the standard menu for now but definitely come and try this great place! Their coffee options are great and it always gives me that small diner feeling when I drink it. The atmosphere is okay, nothing terribly special, but it doesn't seem to have a strict theme so its hard to say.
2	Tastes like just bread. Wasn't good at all.
2	After reading the other reviews on this place, I have to say I was disappointed in the bagel. I was craving the classic: plain bagel toasted with plain cream cheese. The bagel itself was the big disappointment. As one reviewer pointed out, it tasted like bread. It didn't have that chewy inside and crisp outside that sets apart a really great bagel. I can't vouch for any of the bagel sandwiches, but if the basic bagel doesn't wow me, I wouldn't be hard pressed to try other offerings here.
2	Clean place with friendly help.  But a big disappointment with the bagels.  I avoided my favorite bagel (garlic), because they use garlic powder instead of bits of garlic.  I've never even seen that before!  Had the onion instead.  kept it un-toasted so I could really check out the bagel.  it was kind of like bread inside.  This place is in a decent location.  And it could be doing a land office business if they would perfect the bagels.For now, there's nothing to bring me back.
5	I love their bagels! The foods amazing and so are the people. Always great service.
5	I've been coming to this bagel place since I was a little girl and it never disappoints!! My favorite is the cinsational bagel with the egg, cheese and sausage! Omg so yummy! My boyfriend got the rueben sandwich and that was super yummy too! I need to try more things, seeing I've been coming for years and I keep getting the same thing! Lol it's so good tho!
5	They are extremely generous with the cream cheese on their bagels. The service is very fast and friendly at the same time.
4	The family that owns this place are the sweetest. I usually stop here in the morning to grab a chai drink. So close to work. They have a good chicken noodle soup and the bagels are delicious. I just took off one star because I don't like the quality of ingredients in their breakfast sandwiches.
