4	This is a super friendly little place.  I know the category says it's Brazilian food, but it's actually Colombian.  And apparently the Colombians don't believe in small portions.  When I first saw the prices on the menu I was kind of surprised, they were more expensive than similar places I've been to.  I had a to go order and I understood the pricing when the waitress brought out four separate boxes with all my food in them.  It was really tasty stuff too.  I had never had Colombian food before and was pleasantly surprised.  A little on the salty side, but still really good.  The restaurant itself is really cute too.  It kind of looks like an old Spanish country house.  The waitress was very helpful and sweet.  She gave me some really good suggestions.
5	Hell yes. I'm giving this place 5 stars because of how great the food was. I will not even take into consideration the insanely low lunch prices (bonus) and how friendly the staff was even when I attempted some gringo spanish for the fun of it (I asked my daughter where her little hands where, Donde esta tu manitas? or something mangled like that). I will definitely go back for seconds and to try dinner- If it was anything like the awesome fried pork with mushroom sauce, fried plantains and brilliant potato soup I had for lunch, I might do a subsequent 5 star review then too. Hey now.
2	I think this place may have changed ownership since some of the reviews were posted. The name has changed as noted in another review. The food was fair, but nothing to write home about. The pork was good, but a bit overcooked. The biggest disappointment was the tostones (fried green plantain) they were dry and tasteless and if I had to guess they were reheated from the day before, blah! I have no Latin American background, but even I can cook better at home. The beans and rice were good as were the variety of homemade sauces (chimichurri and salsa tomatillo) they bring to the table. The servers were polite and they were quick but I wouldn't go for a second visit.
