1	I really wanted to like this place. First off, Coo Rouge has a great atmosphere. The interior is warm and inviting (slightly kitschy and eclectic decor but in a good way) and they have a beautiful terrace in the back. Second off, I live a block away. So I'd be going all the time if the place was halfway decent. But it's not. It's one of the worst restaurants I've been to in Montreal.The menu is a mess of all things considered. The place does too much of everything (from fake cajun to tex-mex, from fish dishes to comfort food, from steak-frites to hamburgers, not to mention wraps, salads, pasta and poutine) but everything is equally bad. They need to radically revamp the menu, simplify, and concentrate on a few things and do them well. Because what they do serve is vile and almost inedible. I reserved judgment until the second time I ate there. The first time I had a mediocre hamburger. The second time I had one of the worst meals I've ever had in Montreal. The chicken in my wrap were hard nugget-like chunks that seemed to have been microwaved after languishing cooked in a freezer for the past month. The salsa tasted straight out of a jar and the guacamole had a powder like consistency. I don't think there's anything fresh there. Walking from the terrace to pay at the cashier, I had a peak in the kitchen and saw frozen packaged fries lying on the counter (the kitchen, on a whole, looked rather messy, if not outright disgusting). The place has potential but I have never encountered a restaurant in Montreal more deserving of a visit from Gordon Ramsay.
4	I love this place--the food is hardly haute cuisine but it is an awesome neighbourhood haunt with satisfying comfort food. It is super friendly, and their buffalo chicken burger--which is exactly what it sounds like, a burger consisting of breaded chicken, blue cheese and hot sauce--is like, the pinnacle of junk food to me. Their duck burger is also awesome, and they have a lovely quiet terrasse. This is a neighbourhood institution.
5	We went there for dinner.tried different burgers,loved them all. Francois was a big help ;)
