5	There's a new Burger Sheriff in town.He's fat.He's choy.He's really good.He shoots flavor bullets.He's fast.He's slick.He rules.I had the Fat Choy Burger. What a work of decadent food art!! Big. Luscious. Greasy (thanks to bacon and short ribs). In a word: Choyous! The "angus" patty is succulent and flavorful. The bacon is intense. The short ribs add a cholesterol kick that makes the big difference. The fried egg takes you to some sublime universe. My only complaint is the fries.....but then that always seems to be the complaint. Why can't good chefs figure out how to make fries! It's simple. Double-Fry. Double-Fry. Crisp but not hard.Go there, before the food trendoids figure out that there's something going on they don't know about.It's in the Eureka Casino on Sahara, so you have to walk thru a smokey whirl of slot machines, and lost souls, but like the crestor that you must anticipate consuming, it's more than worth it.Next: I'm going back for the Peking Duck Bao.Choy to the World!
5	Chef Sheridan could serve me a 2x4 and I'm sure it would be the best 2x4 I've ever ate!I had never stepped foot into the Eureka Casino, however after tonight I know I'll be going back..I'm just going to list the items I had and my thoughts, spoiler alert...They're all good!Pot Stickers: Hands down the best  pot stickers I've had, the filling was meaty and they were cooked to perfection.Shrimp Toast: This dish is not something I would ordinarily order, but it came highly recommended, and did not upset.Pork Belly BLT: Yes this is exactly what it sounds like, a BLT with Pork Belly (pork on pork...the way it should be), and sriracha mayo. I think this dish was made for me, anything that combines Bacon and Pork Belly can never be wrong!Shortrib Grilled Cheese: This was probably the dish of the meal (I will be having of these in my future). The Shortrib is cooked to perfection, with enough cheese to balance, but not overpower. And the onion Jam served on the side complimented the sandwich perfectly.Fried Pork Sauce Noodles: Noodles with pork belly. The noodles had a bit of spice to them, and the pork belly was cooked to perfectly. It was a touch spicy for me, but still a great dish.Duck Rice: Hands down the best dish of the meal, A quarter duck (leg and thigh) served with rice. The duck was succulent (they told me it's a 2 day process for the duck to be made), and the garlic rice goes well with the richness of the duck. The Location is not too big (but way bigger than the old shop), there are a bunch of TVs, and a bar as well. I highly recommend you check it out! Well done Chef Sheridan and crew.
1	I am most conflicted. I have met Sheridan Su and he is a great guy. But the restaurant Chris and Joseph went to recently was nowhere close to the restaurant I ate at. Hey it's great to have friends write puff reviews but in the long term it truly does Sheridan a disservice.First, the good- the Pot Stickers. Yes, they were good and tasty. But once the order was placed they took 30 minutes to come out  and there were only a handful of people in the restaurant.  Plus I saw Sheridan AND another cook in the kitchen.  Does this neighborhood really support five small Pot Stickers selling for seven bucks? This is my major beef with Fat Choy, there is a total disconnect with the menu and the neighborhood. Examples: They open for breakfast at 8am...this is a working class area...the working class is at work at 8am...also, pancakes and eggs sell for eight bucks...again maybe that works but not here. How about a breakfast special to draw people in...this is not Robuchon's...Back to the meal. I ordered  beer and I believe they brought me something close to a 40oz...I laughed...largest bottled beer I have ever had with dinner...who came up with that...Pork Belly BLT....I was excited to try this, unfortunately the pork belly was more like bacon bits...there were hardly any there...I asked for extra sriracha mayo and there was not enough to even taste...and the bread was totally soaked in grill grease...absolutely brutal execution...Please understand I want nothing but success for Sheridan. But I have never walked out of a restaurant feeling the owner had such a disconnect with concept and presentation as what Sheridan has done with Fat Choy. An intervention is needed without which Fat Choy will be gone by June.
3	We stopped by Fat Choy on a Thursday night for dinner. There were a few other patrons there, but not too busy, so we were able to sit right away. We ordered the Grandma's Potstickers, Peking Duck Bao, Pork Belly Bao and the Duck Rice. The panfried pot stickers were good. The baos were very good. The duck rice with its ginger scallion sauce was quite delicious.The food at Fat Choy is quite well-prepared and tastes good, but ... the experience on the whole was a bit strange. We'd been to their previous location inside the salon and found that experience to be more satisfying. Fat Choy's current digs feel a bit odd. There's definitely been an effort to decorate the space, but it just doesn't feel right. The space actually affected how I experienced the food. I enjoyed the food, but just barely. Give them a try if you're interested in tasting some interesting Asian American food, but be prepared to pay a little more than you might have thought you were going to.
3	The BF and I striked out at trying to go to a Japanese place with a siesta so we thought about all the things on our shortlist to try. Funny enough same thing happened to Bobby, Misti, Mamie and her hubby that they were here too! Hey! What a funny name though. I know most people will think Fat Choy as in the Chinese New Year greeting "Gung Hay Fat Choy" or maybe a cheeky nickname for someone chubby but I think of the literal translation "hair vegetable" which is a type of moss put in some Chinese foods. Not as cute, but also pretty tasty.The menu is solid sounding, it was hard to decide on what to try. That is promising to me that the whole menu is well thought out I couldn't zoom into just one thing easily. We settled on sharing two things as we had a early dinner to catch though I would have loved a appetizer or dessert. Short rib rice bowl - this was braised bone in and was tender. They gave us two generous ribs that cooked in a sauce that reminds me much of Filipino adobo. It was a tiny bit salty for me, but I don't think it is ridiculously so. They give you a bit of salad with balsamic dressing and pickled mustard greens to go with it. It was good, but I don't know if it was $14 good. This doesn't seem like a neighborhood that drops that kind of money so I don't know how this will play out with the local patron traffic vs the foodies who will seek this out. Pork sauce noodles - I really liked this. The ground pork and diced tofu mixture is cooked in a hoisin-ish type sauce and thrown with some shredded carrots, cucumbers and sprouts. It reminds me of dan dan noodles, but I think I liked this better. I would definitely get this one again. Service was nice, but wasn't the best. The BF ordered soda and really thought it was stale tasting and let the server know and she just took it away and never offered anything else and I still had to pay for it. They give you a bottle Eureka water for free if you ask for ice water, but I never got a refill on my empty water. It took a while to be able to order and had to walk up to the counter to get our check and be on our way. It wasn't really busy and there were two ladies working the floor so I feel it should have been a bit better.  I wouldn't ever think to come to the Eureka and is still kind of a weird bare cafeteria-esque space, but this is a more comfortable spot than their previous incarnation in a salon in that there is seating. I am not overly smoke sensitive, but the smoke smell is strong on the casino floor and the restaurant opens out so it may be bothersome to sensitive noses. I see some promise of well made eats so I will be back for more Fat.(Yelp 100 Challenge 34/100)
3	Food here was good ok! Nothing special, but the wait took like 45 min just to get our food! It was slow but I guess there was only one cook?! Idk? So so.. Food good, service was fine, be prepared to wait..
4	I didn't realize that this place hasn't officially opened.  According to the staff, its still considered a soft opening.  Located inside a smoky casino is Fat Choy. I knew nothing about this place, except it's the brick n mortar to the food truck @GreatBaoLV.Overall, good comfort food. Portions are sharable, but not huge.  Free wifi, but a tiny place, so I'm sure once this place gets buzzing, it'll be food to go for many.Its better than a 3 star, but not quite a 4.  If it wasn't in such a smoke filled casino, I'd go back.
5	Sheridan, the man behind Great Bao, just opened this joint and I had to try it out. I was even more impressed then his first joint (maybe because he has a real kitchen this time?!)Short Rib Grilled Cheese was the best sandwich I've had in my life. Period. The way the meet and cheese melted with each other was decadent and while the meat and cheese was gooey, the bread was nice and crisp.  We also had the shrimp toast, which the paste kind of tastes like a Vietnamese bean curd shrimp cake but this was served was bread and an egg on top. Very good.Anyways, Fat Choy is really the only reason I would step foot in the Eureka, and I have to say it was very well worth it. If you find yourself near commercial center, UNLV or downtown, I highly recommend checking it out.
4	Drawn in by the pictures of the short rib grilled cheese sandwich, I dragged Mel C. to the Eureka Casino to check out Fat Choy.  Bigger than I imagined it would be, the restaurant spot itself was clean and had a few flat screens on the walls showing various sports.  Our servers were attentive and the sandwiches (we had the same thing) were delicious.  Throwing caution to the wind, we even had fries on the side instead of salad---I mean, really, if you're going to clog your arteries, you must commit all the way.  Having said that, I think Mel would agree that we must now do our penance at the gym for partaking of such a meal, but it was well worth it.
4	Short Ribs Grilled Cheese Sandwich!!!They say a picture is worth a thousand words.  It's the pictures, not the reviews, of Fat Choy's Short Rib Grilled Cheese Sandwich that got me to bookmark this place. I didn't know much of Fat Choy or even the Eureka Casino until Terri R. mentioned it during lunch a couple of weeks ago.  I read a couple of reviews and thought maybe.  But after looking at a few pictures, I knew I had to eventually pay a visit for their Short Ribs Grilled Cheese. Yesterday was perfect.  I was in a meeting in California and just experienced a really bad lunch.  In the middle of my presentation, I get the text from Terri R. to meet at Fat Choy for dinner when I get back in town. If you read Terri R's review, she mentioned she dragged me here.  Not even close.  No one has to drag me to anything that equals me eating. Remember, my favorite food is seconds. The service was really good, but also expected since we were 2 out of only 4 customers in this joint.  Of course I had the short ribs grilled cheese w/fries and Terri had the same.  The sandwich is as good as advertised.  Imagine a perfectly made grilled cheese sandwich and a couple of pieces of tender fall off the bone short ribs.  Then put those together with sauce that isn't overpowering and not too much of it.  That's what you get with Fat Choy's Short Rib Grilled Cheese.  It's worth another visit and if I was still a drinker, this would make the perfect hangover meal.
4	Great comfort food. Accessible Asian fusion. For starters the wife and I ordered the bone marrow as well as the bao. The marrow is topped with onion jam and a side of toast. Succulent, creamy, delicious. The duck bao was fantastic. Crispy, sweet, fatty  duck skin, moist duck meat. It couldn't be any better. My wife had the short rib rice bowl. The meat was fall off the bone tender, very flavorful. I had the short rib grilled cheese sandwich. Bursting with flavor, sinfully delicious. Our server April was very attentive, very friendly. Overall a great experience and highly recommended.
4	Awesome cult restaurant in an old semi-dive casino. The food here is seriously good. I will be back until I try everything on the menu.
4	Oh boy, this place could be trouble, in such a good way.I normally look at new restaurants that have a good rating on here with a little bit of pessimism, friends and family padding the rating.But yeah it's the real deal, amazingly good food at a great price.Pork Belly Bao, very nicely done, it could of done with just a touch more cooking time, just to bring out the flavors in the pork belly, but that may well be a personal thing.Shortrib grilled cheese.....This may well go down as an all time great, seriously, if you can't decide what to eat, just get this.Fat Choy burger, another great dish, the egg cooked to perfection, the burger cooked as ordered (an amazingly rare thing in Vegas), the short rib added a nice taste to the burger.Tirimisu cake, mmm not sure it should really be called tirimisu, it's more of a cake with a coffee flavored cream topping.Red Velvet cake, wife loved it.The service was excellent, drinks refilled quickly.Negatives, only one, those darn frozen french fries show up again, seriously, can understand where it may be easier, but fresh, home made fries are so much better and really, a chef of this talent as much as he may not like having fries on the menu, could do so much with them.Anyways, we will be back, many times.
3	So my husband and I recently came here for dinner. I actually didn't mind that the restuarant is located in the Eureka Casino, it makes these local restaurants even more interesting and keeps snobs away.We chose different items from their snacks section of the menu. We chose the potstickers, chicken wings, shrimp toast and the duck and pork belly bao. The potstickers were really good, so were the wings, although they are like wings you can get anywhere else. Maybe a ranch/sriracha sauce to accompany them would be nice. The meat on both baos was good, but we thought they could've used something moist in them. Neither my husband or I are experts on baos, we've only tried the twice, so it could be that we aren't used to them. The shrimp toast I did not understand, maybe if I would've eaten it as soon as we recived it, but by the time I tried it the egg was kind of cold. My husband really enjoyed it though, and he is picky when it comes to runny eggs. The service is very attentive and friendly, so that's a big plus. All in all it was a decent meal; I thought the prices were a tad bit high considering the location.
5	I've always respected and admired the Lee family - but when I learned of their partnership with Sheridan, I've decided they deserve more kudos.  This move was brilliant, clever and incredibly savvy since it has the ability to bring an entirely new generation of customers into the property who've never darkened the door - possibly never even considered it before.   Sheridan's food deserves lots more recognition.  He's hardworking and committed and I love that -- I also like that it's a family affair.While Sheridan's locations aren't the traditional mainstream -- from beauty shop to smoky casino floor, it's still a tremendous opportunity for him and we wish him all the best because his food is truly made with love and care.  I think this would be a great location for a Yelp event -- Misty?Gung Hay Fat Choy!
3	*Cough cough cough*  I think I now have emphysema from inhaling all the smoke from the casino while eating at Fat Choy.  Why did they pick Eureka Casino?  Dumpy old hotel with very poor ventilation.  About the food...we got 2 orders of pork belly bao since the duck bao was not available today (boo!), bone marrow and shrimp toast.Pork Belly Bao:For $7 you get 2 pieces of bao.  The pork was crunchy but super salty (hello, hypertension!).  They could've added more sauce to neutralize the saltiness 3.5/5Shrimp Toast:$8 gets you a piece of toast with shrimp, Chinese sausage and a fried egg on top.  It was good.  But not $8 good. You can get shrimp toast at most Chinese restaurants for half the price  3/5Bone Marrow:$8 of fatty goodness with good onion jam on top.  5/5I usually don't pay attention to the price when it comes to food.  But today I had to.  I think Fat Choy is overrated and overpriced for what I get and where I'm getting it from.  I can understand paying $8 for shrimp toast if I were in Bellagio or Wynn.  I can get 3 pieces of bao from somewhere else for the same price.  The concept is great but needs to be improved before I can come back again.  Maybe next time, I'll just order food to-go...oh wait, they charge $1 for that!It looks like the next review I'll be doing is for a hospital...
2	Bleccccccccchhhhh! Everyone and their grandma has been raving about this place, so I thought I'd better go check it out. I've been wanting to check out the Eureka Casino anyway....one of those solidly un-pretentious little locals' dumps that will doubtlessly be imploded any day now. Well, after having checked it out...IMPLODE AWAY, I SAY!Everything in this restaurant is coated in/soaked in/bathed in/wallowing in grease. My friend and I shared the pot stickers as an appetizer -- they were OK, although also glistening with gratuitous grease. As far as pot stickers go...they were like any other potstickers. Except greasier. All the better to slide down your gullet, I guess.Next, I had the much-ballyhooed Short Ribs Grilled Cheese. BLEECCCHHHHH doesn't even begin to describe this monstrosity! I thought the pot stickers were greasy -- this beast was OFF THE CHAIN GREASY! It was like eating a heavily-salted Jheri curl sandwich!! I don't like wasting food, so I managed to choke down half of it before giving up -- but it was G.R.O.S.S. It was SO salty it was almost like they were trying to cover something up. Also, the grease had a weird sort of stale aftertaste, like they use the same fry oil over and over. YUCK! The fries that accompanied the sandwich were similarly greasy. I know, I know, French fries are called FRIES because they are FRIED -- but these were ridiculous. I've had better fries in the employee dining room at Caesars Palace! The fry grease had the same gross aftertaste as the sandwich, which totally killed whatever was left of my appetite.Now, you might chalk all of this up to my being a veggie-eating commie bastard -- but guess what? My friend, who is most definitely NOT a veggie-eating commie, had the Fat Choy burger...and was similarly grossed out. He reported that it, too, was astonishingly greasy -- although he did finish the whole thing, so it couldn't have been THAT bad.You might blame me for not having ordered something less greasy than a grilled cheese -- but the menu is extremely limited here (one page only), and since I don't like duck or pork, I didn't want to get the highly-touted bao or any of the rice dishes. I'm willing to bet they are just as greasy, anyway :-/ In fact, there wasn't much of anything on the menu that grew out of the ground -- it was all lard, grease, carbs and meat.What really sucks is, I came in here fully expecting to adore the place -- being as it's located in such a solidly unpretentious dive. Speaking of which.....After I gave up on eating, and had sopped the grease off my face with no fewer than thirty napkins, I went out into the casino to have a drink at the bar, thinking I could salvage the evening with a little people-watching and a rum & coke to cut through the grease still coating my tongue. But even that went sadly awry.First of all, it's a cash-only bar, and I didn't have any on me. So I had to get raped by the corner ATM, and pay a $5 surcharge...which brought the cost of my drink up to Strip prices anyway. If I'm paying Strip prices, dammit, I want to at least be able to ogle drunk bitches with fake tits, etc. But all I got was a depressing, smoke-filled room full of methheads, with Kenny Loggins playing somewhere in the background. That kind of ambiance is OK if you're in a certain mood.......but when you're already on the verge of vomiting, it ain't no fun! I finished my drink and got the fuck out of there, probably never to return. I never thought I'd say this, but...there are some places that DESERVE to be imploded. You hear that, Tony Hsieh?!! Blow this bitch sky-high and have at it -- even an elitist members-only dog park would be better than THIS!!!
5	Yes, the hotel is a bit run down and divey....but this restaurant brings in a different crowd. The locals seem to complain about the prices a lot. I find the food here to very reasonably priced and seriously yummy.I have been a fan of Great Bao since the beginning. I was a bit dispirited when I found out that they were being kicked out of the hair salon (kind of an awkward location anyway, but that's beside the point.) Good thing they had their truck. I enjoyed visiting their truck almost every time I went to Vegas in the last year (about 7 times.) Nonetheless, when I heard that Great Bao was starting up a brick and mortar restaurant, I was stoked.My favorite thing about Great Bao was the fact that they had so many different specials / food choices. Those specials were what kept me going back. Those changes in his menu were kind of a reflection of what he wanted others to taste.Chef Sheridan having this restaurant somewhat represents the big canvas that the truck and salon just did not have for him to fully express his art in cooking. The menu here is simple, and every dish I tried had so much thought put into it.I wish I could go into detail about everything I tried, but I'm just going to keep this short and simple. The shrimp toast is a MUST - t'was my favorite item of the meal. The Fat Choy Burger - cooked perfectly medium and SO juicy. The dressing on the side salad is AMAZING. The bone marrow is perfectly cooked, and I like the fact that the bread is grilled. The duck rice, so smokey and tasty. The sesame noodles are quite good as well.Writing this review is making my mouth water...I can't wait to go to Vegas again so I can try their pork sauce noodles and pot stickers!Needless to say,Love.
4	I was surprised to find out Fat Choy was in the Eureka Casino.  I haven't been in the Eureka Casino in over 15 years, so I wasn't sure what to expect.  The casino itself hasn't changed much in that time,but the restaurant Fat Choy stands out from the decor like a diamond sparking in the sand.The smoke which permeates the casino stops at the door and the lighting of the restaurant changes the mood  almost as dramatically as the sudden absence of the sound of slot machines and casino sounds.The smell of the unique food sparked my appetite and the menu is broad but not over whelming.  I was attending a 9 course meal and I wasn't sure about a few of the courses (Shrimp Toast, Bone Marrow, & Duck Bao), but was open to trying new things.  I was very happy to learn I enjoyed each one of them.  The Pork Potstickers were excellent and Shortrib Grill Grilled cheese was a great combination and flavorful.  The only item on the menu I was not impressed with was the Duck Rice.  Although it was good, it didn't live up to the remainder of the courses and was bland in comparison.The beer selection was limited to three and not much of a selection, although all three are decent beers.  The seating was well spaced and comfortable without being cramped.  I realize the experience would not be the same on an other daily visit, but the food and atmosphere was more than enough to bring me back again.
3	I came here for the short rib grilled cheese, but ended up sampling everyone else's dishes and got a good idea of the food.short rib grilled cheese:  Nice crunch to the bread, and the gooeyness of the cheese goes well with the short rib.  Comes with fries or salad.  Fries were just meh.  Salads would've been a fresh spring mix.  About the reviewers who complained about the grease factor here:  I didn't think that even a plain grilled cheese could be termed "health food."  Throw in some short rib and...well, what did you think you were ordering?!roasted duck bao:  Bao part was perfectly moist and textured.  Duck was good, too.  I would have preferred more fillings though.  I know it normally comes with the duck sauce and green onions, but I expected a little more creativity for the cost.  You only get two.shrimp toast:  Good.  Even better with the runny egg yolk.  Def a must order.Fat Choy Burger:  Reasonable price for a burger on the strip.  Still just a burger with short rib.   PBBLT:  BLT with rib that tasted like a simple BLT.Duck Rice:  I thought this was good and a must order.  My husband was not as impressed.Fried Pork Sauce Noodles:  My least favorite.  Sauce was too thick on the rice noodles (?).  Would not order again.  Service was likely the best part of the meal.  Jenny, our server, was the only one working and she made sure everything ran smoothly.  I saw mostly locals there, and even a table that probably only came to Eureka Casino for Fat Choy, like us.I had high hopes as this appeared to be a foodie haven from reading yelp reviews, but only found a solid restaurant selling good but unmemorable food.
2	The restaurant is very chic like in taste. The waitresses were very nice and showed appreciation for business. We ordered the peking duck bao, pork belly bao, grandmas dumplings,shrimp toasts and the zhao noodles. Some was too salty and the temperature could be hotter when served. However, i see this place has great potential for non Asian taste buds. I would go back for the sesame noodles and burgers which looked good on other tables.
3	The stars don't tell the whole story. I know people look at three stars and assume "Oh, it isn't worth my time." Not true. Yes, this place is a dive. Yes, it is filled with smoke. Yes, the location isn't...ideal. But folks should still check this place out. in spite of the reviews. And yes, in spite of the smoke. We only had three items on the menu. We had the short rib grilled cheese, the duck bao, and the pork bao. The food was very tasty. The bao was thoughtfully prepared and the meat in each was seasoned well. That crispy skin and moist meat drew me into both bao options. They were solid. The grilled cheese sandwich was gooey and flavorful. And the bread was toasted perfectly and the meat inside was generous and just sweet enough to cut through some of the heaviness of the sandwich. But it was too greasy for me. I was good at the first few bites---I should have stopped there and tried another dish. Here is the part that you might not understand about this place--there is a heart to the food that cannot be dismissed on the basis of grease, and location, and even smoke. Even without knowing the owner's story (see other reviews) you can taste the thoughtfulness and energy in each bite. These dishes were not thrown together in an attempt to get doors open. They were crafted and tweaked to achieve a specific balance---even the greasy grilled cheese (which was very well flavored, by the way). I cannot imagine the pressures that a small restaurant has to endure in that kind of setting (small locals casino). I saw people wandering in during a break in their slot play to have a burger followed closely by what looked to be Yelper hipsters looking to try the newest location.  Fat Choy has a diverse audience to consider and I am willing to cut it some slack in its efforts toward making their new location work for their customer base.I think this business is worth the trip to the Eureka Casino. I think it's worth battling the smoke and stepping over some colorful locals. I admit something about the story does appeal to me. But more than that, the food appeals to me.  I will be back.
5	This is one of those hidden surprises that you love to share.It is in an awful casino but that is the only bad thing I can say. It is so good that I actually took my family here less than a week after I found it.I went with a group from Meetup.com. There were 40 of us and we took over the entire place.The Sesame Noodles were sent straight from the Chinese food gods. We sampled nine separate dishes, all Chinese, and there were all fabulous. The service was stellar. The Chef came out and everyone applauded. He took a bow.I know you will love this place as much as I did along with my 40 foodie friends.
4	Small menu and obviously not the nicest casino but the food was inexpensive and really delicious and the restaurant itself is a cute place.
2	I mean, it wasn't bad.  It just wasn't anything more than OK.  From the wonton soup, to the bao, noodles and everything in between -- I tried it all (except the american fare).Every single dish left A LOT to be desired.  Add to that the location and you've got a losing combination.  Won't be back simply because there are far better options... think China Mama!!!Avoid the short rib fried rice at all costs.  The beef was tough, and the rice, well, it was just white rice.  Not fried at all.The best thing I tried was the short rib grilled cheese on sourdough.  The short rib was better in this dish because it had been shredded.  Points for service!  Our waitress was great.  But the kitchen incredibly slow.  And there were only a couple other tables occupied.  Can't imagine how backed up this place gets at capacity.
4	I visited Fat Choy today for the first time. Reviews had been mixed, and being very close to home, I decided to give it a try. Arrived at Eureka around 3pm on a sunday and the place was empty. Same goes for Fat Choy: only me and a couple inside a booth. Ordered pork belly bao as appetizer and short rib rice as entree. both were terrific!! Bao was so good that I could've eaten 10 of those.  Short rib was also amazing. So tender that I had no problem eating with chopsticks. I left as a happy customer, really. Food was great, service was fast and friendly. I didn't have a problem with the casino at all -or the smell of it, as other yelpers have pointed out-. I will definitely be back. Great new place.
4	This was a pleasant surprise. Now mind you this area is a little wierd and not exactly a first date kind of place. Its inside the Eureka Casino and in a really old area. However, besides looking like a 50's Americana Diner, this place is solid Asian food. We had a few dishes and were impressed with the overall quality of dishes and flavors. They were out of several things which was ind of weird as it was 4 in the afternoon, but I guess they must make it fresh. I dont think you can go wrong with anything on the menu as we ordered 5-6 things and they were all great. Love the Budah Beer Bottles! Very cool and good beer too.
3	The pork belly bao was very good but we didn't like the other baos.  Overall, probably not worth a return trip.
2	My friends invited my hubs and I to Fat Choy a few weeks ago.  Unfortunately, they were closed for a private event.  I was super bummed as I had been craving bao buns the entire day!  Opportunity presented itself again.  Looking back I can't help but feel that the cosmos was trying to intervene and keep us out if this place.  I have to agree with the reviewer who described the smoke gauntlet you had to pass through at the Eureka to get to Fat Choy.  Upon entering we saw an Asian man in a chef coat leaving.  We guessed that was Chef Sheridan.  Uh oh...Our server was friendly was patient as we tried to figure out how many of each thing we needed to satisfy our ravenous bao cravings.  We settled on two of each duck bao, pork bao, bone marrow and short rib rice.  We also ordered the potstickers and the sesame noodles.  The good: the potstickers and the pork bao, although according to the video of menu items showing, we were missing some key garnishes.  The bad: The bone marrow was not bad itself, but the floppy sourdough (why sourdough?) that came with it was a huge miss.  I've had the bone marrow at Comme Ca where Chef Sheridan came from and this one pales in comparison.  It was like the Walmart version.  The duck bao was not only missing all the garnishes, they seemed to be missing the duck.  It was a hoisin-like sauce and crispy skin.  That's it.  Not even enough skin to make it worthwhile.  Next up the short rib rice.  It came out cold.  Also it was missing the pickled mustard greens, which were substituted terribly with mixed salad greens and I'm pretty sure, straight up balsamic vinegar.  According to some of the other reviewers pics, we were missing some other garnishes too.  I was so jealous when I looked at those pics because that is not the food we got.  I wish the server had told us ahead of time that they were out of these items.  It's not like they were busy.  It was a Wednesday evening and two or three other parties were there.Not sure I'd give this place another chance.  Chef Sheridan, you need to let the bottle blond with the neck tatoos go, 'cause she is not doing your food justice!
2	Very disappointing.  There were only 2 other couples there on a Saturday afternoon, yet we waited 20 minutes for the first serving of our food, which was my order. My companion was so hungry, he ate part of mine while waiting for his, which didn't come out for another 10 minutes. I ordered pork belly bao and Peking duck bao. Pork beat duck. The rolls were cold, although the meat was warm. The pot stickers came out greasy; had been cooked at too low a temperature. My companion's reuben had thick, salty corned beef, although it was grilled, a plus. Chef Sheridan was not on duty today. Check before ordering. Not worth braving the second hand smoke unless you're going to be rewarded with good food.
4	hit fat choy for lunch today with a buddy.  First visit.  I was actually surprised at how nice the space looked.  this might be due to the fact i was at Eureka several years ago and the place looked like a dump back then.  Maybe it was a slow day since there was little in the way of smoke.I went with the short rib grilled cheese and based on the servers recommendation, sourdough bread -  $10 includes fries.  My buddy went with the cheesesteak.  Chuckled at the diet coke served in what had to be a 32 ounce glass beer mug ... do they serve beers in those mugs ?!?The grilled cheese was decent - my only beef ( get it ? ) was the short rib meat - it tasted great but it was not spread evenly on the sammie - in fact, almost all of it on one side  - strange.  Fries standard frozen out of a bag and into the fryer.  Have to ding a star for the price .The cheesesteak was average but then again, who goes to fat choy for a cheesesteak ? photo attached
5	**Summary**       - Food - Everything I've tried thus far was beyond my expectations. The waitress told me the owner put everything he liked to eat on the menu. I guess this owner has some pretty good tastes.       - Area - So this place isn't in the greatest part of town. It's in what use to be a diner in a rinky dink casino. The casino is smokey, but the dining area isn't too bad.       - Decor - Once you get to the restaurant, it feels very cozy. It has a diner feel with Asian decorations that seemed like an afterthought.       - Food truck - I believe this restaurant is owned by the same owners as the Great Bao. I never actually tried the food truck, but there's paintings on the walls that point to this fact.**Ordered**       - $10 Fat Choy Burger - I don't even know where to explain how great this burger is. Braised short rib, bacon, egg, and special sauce on a burger patty. The braised short rib they put on the 1/2 burger patty is the perfect saltiness that it almost renders the bacon redundant. Yes, I know. I said it. It was better than bacon. It is the perfect blend of salty meats, juicy burger, gooey yolk, and sweet Asian sauce to make me want to come back again. It came with fries, but the fries were just ehh.       - $8 Shrimp Toast - First time I've had this anywhere and it's hard to describe. It's egg, chopped up sausage, and some kinda sauce on top of a toast. It sounds super weird, but once you bite into it, it all makes sense. It's like those seafood toast things at buffets, but way better.       - $7 Peking Duck Bao - They come in pairs and they're just like the Peking Duck you'd get at an authentic Chinese wedding. The only difference is usually it's mostly duck skin. This is a lot more meatier. It's delicious.       - $9 Pork Noodles - Dry noodles with chopped up pork on it for flavor. They were excellent. The minced pork was just salty enough to complement the slightly sweet noodles and not overpower it.**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a unique Asian Fusion place. It's a hole in the wall, but it's also a gem.
4	I came here for lunch with a friend last week. He had actually gone to Great Bao when it was open & wanted to try Fat Choy. The name & menu intrigued me, so I was in! Let's just get this out of the way: the only thing I did not like about Fat Choy was its location. Like many Yelpers have stated, the restaurant is located inside of the Eureka Casino & it is SUPER smoky! Maybe having a door would help? Aside from that, the food & experience blew me away - in a very good way! Our waitress Jenny was so friendly, attentive & gave great recommendations! Based off of her recommendations & my friend's prior experience from Great Bao, we ordered the pork belly bao, fried pork sauce noodles & grilled shortrib grilled cheese. The pork belly bao was so yummy! The pork was bigger than the bao (I'm not complaining!) & the pickled greens, cilantro & hoisin sauce tasted great! My friend had the fried pork sauce noodles where the noodles were cooked perfectly - not too hard, not too soft - just right. I might have to order it for myself next time! As for my order of the shortrib grilled cheese.. just think of a grilled cheese sandwich but better. Better as in, with meat! The shortrib was nice & tender. I am definitely a fan! We really wanted to try their desserts, but we were full from our entrees & shared snack. We will have to save room for dessert on our next visit to Fat Choy!
5	If you're into cars, you're familiar with the concept of price-independent vs. price-dependent reviews.  For example: is the new Corvette better than the current Ferrari Italia?  On a price-independent basis, pffft, not even close.  But the price-dependent verdict?  Absolutely!  Is Fat Choy a better restaurant than, say, Joel Robuchon?  Uh ... NO.  But when you factor in price, yeah, I'll say yes, it is, because the average tab per person (tax and tip included) at Fat Choy is $15-20 whereas the average cost per head at Joel Robuchon is 25 quadrillion dollars (OK, slight exaggeration).The quality of the food at Fat Choy is very good.  When you consider the bang-for-your-buck, Fat Choy is off the charts.  Where else in Las Vegas, or anywhere in America for that matter, can you get roasted bone marrow for $8 or duck confit for $12?  Those are the two menu items that I put in the gourmet category; the other two categories are Asian fusion and American standards.  I'm not a big fan of bone marrow; it's just a bit too rich and the flavor too strong for my tastes.  That said, I did think the one bite I got when my cousin ordered it was pretty good.  My cousin (who finished off every last bit of the marrow) was flabbergasted by the price, insisting that for a bone that large, he would expect to pay $20 at least.  But I am a huge fan of duck confit, and at Fat Choy, it's as good as I've had it anywhere else, with the bonus of an astonishingly low price.In the Asian category, my favorite is the pot stickers.  It always baffed me that pot stickers are on every single Chinese restaurant menu in America because I've never much cared for them.  But wow, I love the pot stickers at Fat Choy.  The wrapper isn't gummy or rubbery like in every Chinese restaurant I've ever eaten in, and the filling is leaner and more savory.  My other favorites are the sesame noodles and the fried pork sauce noodles.  The sesame noodles feature some mushrooms (I forgot which variety) that add a delicious layer of flavor to the sesame.  If you let the fried pork sauce sit for a couple of minutes, the noodles absorb all the deliciousness of the fried pork.  Both baos are great, pork belly and duck.  For a foodie on a budget (describes me to a T), the Peking duck bao is a real gourmet treat.  Again, how many places in Las Vegas, or anywhere else, can you enjoy gourmet quality for seven bucks??The menu category I don't much care for is the American standards.  Don't get me wrong, they're done OK.  It's just that I don't like that kind of food.  But if chicken wings, spaghetti & meatballs, and cheesesteaks are right up your alley, you'll be satisfied at Fat Choy.Much has been made of the smoke issue inside the Eureka Casino, which was described in a local magazine as the kind of casino where chain-smoking gamblers are surgicaly grafted to their favorite slot machines.  To borrow from the immortal wisdom of Bart Simpson: It's funny because it's true.  Fat Choy recently got a smoke-eater system, which has helped tremendously with the smoke issue.  I'll admit, I used to get pretty bothered at times by the smoke blowing in from the casino.  If you're extremely smoke-sensitive, the smoke-eaters might not be enough.  Actually, if you're extremely smoke-sensitive, you'll never survive the walk through the casino to get to the restaurant.  But for me, the smoke issue is now a non-issue.The very short walk through the smokey casino is well worth it.  Besides great food at astonishingly low prices, Fat Choy has a passionately committed executive chef, Sheridan Su, and a terrific, warm, and friendly (genuine warmth & friendliness, in Las Vegas?) staff headed up by general manager Jenny Wong.  For any foodie, a trip to Fat Choy is a good idea.  For a foodie on a budget, it's an absolute must.
3	Lunch was at Fat Choy in the beautiful Eureka Casino. I have driven past this casino for many years and never once found a compelling reason to stop in. The owner/chef formerly owned the now defunct Great Bao and is serving up of a tasty mix of Asian and American food.             We decided to share orders of Peking duck bao and a short rib grilled cheese sandwich. The former comes 2 to an order and is served with hosin sauce and some greens. The grilled cheese, served with a tomato dip and fries, had both cheddar and provolone cheeses on grilled buttered bread and proved to be a revelation.        I am looking forward to trying the shrimp toast, Grandma's potstickers and/or short rib rice on a future trip. As a side note, the Eureka Casino's clientele is, shall we say, interesting?
5	Heard about the chef when he was doing Great Bao, unfortunately I didn't have a chance to try it out.. so was elated when I heard he opened a place inside the Eureka Hotel. So many options on the menu, many that if you have never tried, here's a great chance to do so  Enjoyed a late lunch of Peking Duck Bao and Won Ton soup. ..  Both recommended by their friendly staff.    The Peking Duck Bao, was deliciously cooked duck on a soft bao with cucumbers and greens and hoison sauce. Only downfall, maybe a bit too much hoison, but better to have more than less.   The Won Ton Soup, some of the best I have ever had.. a delicious broth filled with vegetables and lots of pork & shrimp filled wontons..   This is a great find in an unlikely place.. Excited to go back again and experience another great dish!
4	Chef Su, Jenny, and the Fat Choy definitely brought something new and exciting to the Eureka Casino.  You wouldn't find me there at all if it wasn't for Fat Choy and it's delectable delights.. the casino itself it more of a smoker's club and I'm not really of fan of that =/  I haven't been down in a while (life was busy busy busy) but when I was there, I ordered up the cold noodles and grubbed that up quick.  When I was there I noticed that there were no tofu bao for the veggie eaters like me :( BUT, my buddy that went with me the first time went down for a second time and Jenny was nice enough to let her know that they finally made some room on the menu for it!!  Yes!!  So, once I get out of the tangles of grad school and ready to indulge on another culinary adventure at Fat Choy, better believe I'm gonna hit up that bao and cool noodle!
4	First of all I came here for the potstickers.  I had read other reviews of these and they were delicious!!!  We also tried the medium hot chicken wings, wonton soup, and the shortrib grilled cheese sandwich.  The restaurant itself is attractive, we were seated immediately and I had already perused the menu online so had a good idea of what I wanted to try.  The BF tried the wonton soup, came with crispies and he said it was very good.  I tasted the broth and thought it very tasty.  We both enjoyed the chicken wings, ordered crispy.  They came cooked just right and they were not greasy,  but were not reallly spicy at all to my taste.  They were still very tasty, I just expected morebite I guess. Next time I will try the HOT ones.  BF wished they had had the hot mustard that some chinese places have but they did not have it here, onlly the srihacha hot sauce.  The potstickers were divine.  I loved the sauce they came with and devoured all of them.  The sandwich was good, but needed more salt.  All in all we left stuffed, happy and wanting to come back.  I want to try more items here, the angus burger and the duck rice.  We felt the meal was tasty and satisfactory.  We will be back!!  The only drawback today was that the service was a bit slow, there was only one waitress and the restaurant was not  very busy.  She was very pleasant but we had to wait for our dishes and the check.
2	They were out of the meatballs today so I was not able to try Ms. Wong's Spaghetti and Meatballz. No biggie. Plenty of other things to choose from. I asked for the Shrimp Toast as it sounded fantastic but was warned by the waitress it was really small and that I'd probably want to double up. At the price Fat Choy charges for appetizers I decided against that and ordered the Cheezesteak Sandwhich. I should have just ordered a single Shrimp Toast. The Cheezesteak was not even mediocre. I left more than half on my plate. I didn't even bother to take the rest home.On the bright side my Dad did better than me with the Fat Choy Burger. It did look good and he said it was excellent. After I paid I left feeling like I might as well have gambled my money in the Euraka or ate somewhere else. Really disappointing. The menu is very hit and miss. Some items have no equal (Pork Belly Bao, Potstickers) while others need to be eliminated all together... like the Cheezesteak.
4	Pork belly baos=delicious Duck rice=tasty Short rib grilled cheese=best grilled cheese ever!!! Definitely a must. Although, I wish they had a better dessert menu."
4	If you're one of those people that loves watching or "Top Chef", "Hell's Kitchen" or "Check, Please" not only to get your food porn fix, but to hear a great story behind the restaurant, you must make a trip to Fat Choy.You can read all about Sheridan Sui here, http://fatchoylv.com/press, but simply put: this guy knows how to make bomb food in the most random of venues. Prior to Fat Choy, located in a less-than-impressive Vegas casinos, Sui was cooking up buns in a nail salon. And people lined up out the door to taste. It's gotta be good, right? Don't let the smoky, seedy Eureka Casino fool you... this is gourmet Asian fusion. With a few American staples still on the menu from the coffee shop who used to inhabit the space. It's very odd to see old, trucker-looking dudes hanging out here. But it's a dichotomy that I'm willing to wrestle in exchange for a gourmet bowl of sesame noodles, plate of shrimp toast (with egg on top), bone marrow or PBBLT (pork belly, bacon, lettuce and tomato). Gluttonous and divine.Check out the menu: http://fatchoylv.com/food, by most people's standards, this food is CHEAP. Depending on the time of day or how busy the kitchen is, there could be a bit of a wait. But really, you can't rush noms like this. Just order a Kirin from one of the waitresses and she'll bring it to you in a tall, frosted mug. Definitely not part of the sexy Las Vegas strip, out-of-towners should call a cab to get here. Sure, you could walk but the heat will likely do you in before you make it in one piece. And you won't want to drag a food baby back with you, either. Go here for the non-traditional Vegas foodie experience... certainly off the grid and worth an adventure.
5	I've been to Fat Choy 4 times now and have pretty much worked my way through the entire menu.  Rather then bore you with painstaking descriptions of each item in an attempt to sound like a connoisseur I'll make this brief; this food is crazy good, the service is charming and the location is ....the Eureka Casino.  I've read some complaints about the prices but I really don't understand it.  Given the quality of the food and a menu where entrees are all around $10 I'd rate Fat Choy as an incredible bargain.   I guess some of the old regulars might miss the $3 breakfast specials but  that was a different restaurant and this is a completely different level of cooking.  As for the Eureka casino the place is a dive but that's half the fun.  When you march your out of town guests through the casino to get to Fat Choy most will try to bail and head to the nearest Applebees.  But after dinner they'll be calling their friends to tell them about their adventure and how they discovered one of the best insider secrets in town.  Seriously the casino is smoky but they seem to be managing things pretty well in the restaurant.  Just ask for a table away from the door or a seat at the counter and enjoy.
4	I remember watching Chef Sheridan on Chopped before we moved to Las Vegas last September. It's been a while since the wife and I had bao, (we used to go to the Chairman Bao food truck in the SF Bay Area almost every week), so we were really looking forward to eating at Great Bao. Unfortunately, we didn't know the Tropicana location was closed, but we did happen to find out that Chef Sheridan has a place in the Eureka Casino. Went to Fat Choy on a Friday night - place wasn't busy, and it is literally a hole in the wall. Jenny, our waitress, was nice and made us feel welcomed. She came to check on us and told us the story of how they came to be at that location. It's nice when the staff pays attention to you. I had the PBBLT, and it was tasty. Nice variety of textures from the crisp bread, crunchy bacon and tender pork belly, (wished there was more pork belly). I loved it and could have eaten 2 or 3 sandwiches. The wife had the Pork Belly Bao, and before I had a chance to taste it, it had been devoured. 4 bites and it was gone! I'm gonna have to get my own next time.  The food, was great, however, it would be nice if the portions were larger.The downside: the second hand smoke from inside the casino - my eyes and lungs were burning by the time we left. I'm definitely going back though - the food and service merit a return visit!
3	Great bao, ok menu, horrible location. But, I guess its a step up from the laundry spot. Came in for lunch, ordered all the bao, a side of noodles, and the kalbi grilled cheese. Food was great, which was shocking given the ambiance of the place. I recommend taking the food to go, seriously!
2	I have postponed writing this review far longer than I should have; really wanted to like this place, as did so many others but::THE EMPEROR HAS NO CLOTHES!First I went alone and had both of the Bao and the bone marrow. The Bao were pretty good but the bone marrow was not cooked properly and I swear as God is my witness the grilled bread that accompanied it was half of a HOT DOG BUN!Still, gave it another try with my Girlfriend. We again ordered both the Bao and they were pretty good, the potstickers were very greasy and under filled, better to buy the frozen ones from Trader Joe's.Then the sandwiches:  She ordered the short rib grilled cheese and I the Fat Choy burger with crispy fries. It was not busy but they took forever to arrive. The grilled cheese was dry with very little flavor except for a slightly rancid odor and taste, my burger which was ordered medium rare was also dry and overcooked, the fries were limp and greasy. Every dish was highly oversalted as well.Our server, I believe her name was Emily, was charming and very efficient but she could not make up for the slowness of the kitchen. I was given a properly cooked burger to go and it was marginally better but there is a limit to what can be done with a cheap ready-made patty.There must have been a fair amount of Kool-Aid drunk by many Fat Choy reviewers and it helps no one, not the owner/chef or the potential customers. This place could be fixed, it's a good concept and menu but the execution and cooking are pretty dreadful as are some of the ingredient choices.As it stands now, Fat Choy is a 1.5 star experience, sadly it's less than a mile from my house. Bachi Burger is more expensive and over 15 miles from my house, we choose Bachi every time.CAVEAT COMESTOR!
5	Went early on Saturday- damnit, no more breakfast!  That's okay, by chance I was near the Eureka later in the day and tried it again.  OMG, cutest place, clean enough you could eat off the floor, perfect little desserts in the case.  Server was adorable, friendly, had "this is what I do" advice, and pointed out the biographical wall of the Chef.  Bao was amazing, potstickers were great- can't wait to go back and try a burger!  And in case you're concerned about the Eureka, don't be.  Everyone is fine, security guard is always there, the clientele just smoke like there's going to be no cigarettes left in the world.  That's fine, everything is fine inside the restaurant-
2	Hey, what happened? I'm hoping this is a fluke and that maybe it was an just a bad day to eat here. My second time here - ordered the pork belly bao and the PBBLT. I enjoyed it last time, however, this time around, for both, the pork belly was a little dry on the inside (and greasy on the outside). The wife ordered a Fat Choy Burger. It was a little too much on the greasy side. Maybe some people like it like that, but she didn't. Again, props to Jenny, our server. She did do a good job of making us feel welcome. We'll be back sometime in the future, and hopefully, the quality of food will be better than it was on this trip.
1	NO FOOD!!!!!We have just read the 9 May 2013 article in the Las Vegas Weekly for the 10 Best Burgers.  OK, we live close so lets give the noted Fat Choy Burger at try.  We go to the Eureka often prior to eating at the Lotus of Siam so we knew the place and thought we would out try this highly regarded chef's new restaurant.  Well.... Monday nite May 13 -  We waited ~40-45 minutes and did not get our Fat Choy Burgers.-  There were 5 tables in the whole place that had seated customers not exactly a sellout.-  Wait staff was 2 young girls who tried their best but the food was not coming out-  We noticed a plate being returned to the kitchen as being cold from one of the 5 tables that had gotten served-  We were told the kitchen was a bit backed up about 20 minutes after being seated-  Finally, after seeing the returned dish and what appeared to be lack of production and expertise in the kitchen, I went left my seat and confronted the wait staff and found out:   1.  the plate was indeed returned for being cold   2.  the chef on duty was "new" (first timer) as the regular chef was not in the kitchen that night.That was enough information to pack up and get out before we were given a version of the 10 Best Burgers made by a "new" chef.To use a baseball analogy, you will not win the World Series if you only have a good starting pitcher (i.e. the regular chef) without having a competent bullpen of backups to finish the job.  Especially after getting such a review in the local paper that would expect to draw in new customers.  Sad amateurish performance.  We were so hoping this would be a great place to return to as we love the bartender and the casino.
4	So far we've tried the short rib grilled cheese, fat choy burger, pork belly blt, and duck bao and loved everything! I don't have much to add beyond what others have already said - everything was fresh, pretty and cooked perfectly. I'd driven by many times, but never thought I'd ever step foot in the Eureka. My first reaction when I heard Fat Choy was in there was "Yuck", but the low expectations must've helped - the casino is actually really nice despite the ghetto clientele. Even in a sketchy neighborhood like that, I felt safe (although note that we've only been there in the daylight). Servers are really friendly and knowledgeable about the food, but they've given us the completely wrong thing 2 out of 2 times now, so be sure to check your food if you get anything to go. Eating in, they brought the grilled cheese instead of blt, but we wanted to try that too, so we didn't say anything. This time I brought food back for a coworker - ordered grilled cheese but they gave me a burger w/ the tomato jam for the grilled cheese on the side? Both times we were 1 of only 2 parties in there, so I'm not sure wtf is going on there. I was also kind of grossed out with how much food was stuck in the seams of the booth seats. I think only the 2 booths down the middle have seams so I'll just avoid those in the future and sit by the wall. We love this place despite a couple flaws. Great (and cheap!) food, can't wait to try everything else on the menu. So far besides desserts I haven't seen any daily specials, so I'm not sure if they only do it randomly?
5	When my husband pulled into the parking lot, I thought what are we doing here?  I had no idea inside the "neighborhood" casino was one the best places to enjoy some very tasteful delights.He had told me about the menu, even showed me pictures of the food, but it wasn't until I took my first bite of their pork belly bao that I knew I was hooked.We knew we had to try the bao and the burgers so we ordered both.  When the bao arrived to the table, they both looked so appealing, making my mouth water.  The pork belly was a big strip of pork  which was decent in size, with a layer of fat and a crispy skin.  The cilantro and pickled mustard greens with peanuts pulled it all together.The Peking duck bao was good with a hoisin sauce and cucumbers, but it was the pork belly bao that stood out.We ordered their Fat Choy Burger which made the top 10 burger list, but we asked for the egg over hard, I don't care for runny yolks. The angus beef patty was juicy and cooked to perfection and the braised short ribs were so tender it almost melted in my mouth.I loved the onion jam mixed with the secret sauce, and talk about full strips of bacon, loved it.  I was told the bun comes from La Brea Bakery it was so yummy.
4	I've been a fan of Chef Sheridan since his famous little shop inside the nail salon.  I was very much excited to learn that he finally opened again after being gone from the scene in a while.  Like what everyone else mentioned, this little gem is located inside Eureka Hotel.  Yes, the casino is smoky but trust me, once you're inside the restaurant, you won't even notice the smell anymore.  Plus, the walk from the casino to the restaurant is not very far.  On this visit, I ordered the baos (both types) and they were delicious.  They weren't as what I remembered them from The Great Bao, but delicious nonetheless.  I also ordered the fried pork noodle and I wasn't much of a fan.  However, Jenny (Chef's wife), noticed I barely ate any of it, offered to remove it from our tab.  I told her i'll just take it home but she insisted that if I'm unhappy about it, she would be more than happy to take it back because she does not want me to have a substandard experience.  She also asked what I thought was bad about it so that she can inform the chefs and improve on it.  I loved that!  I love that they're so attentive to their customers.  I was definitely impressed of their customer service.
2	I was expecting it to be very smokey based on the reviews, but it was not really detectable once we got in the restaurant, rest of the casino is another story! We had the potstickers which were very bland other than the taste of salt, and way too greasy. I had the duck rice which is a fried duck leg, white rice, and a salad. The duck was flavorless, dry, and seemed over cooked. Even the salad was very bland with hardly any dressing, and no Asian flare to it- and I am normally one to complain that there is too MUCH dressing. My husband had the Fat Choy burger which tasted okay as far as $10 burgers go, definitely had no Asian flare to it. His fries were over salted. Overall, I was very disappointed. I don't think I'll be back :(
4	Yumm-o. Came in on a Sunday at 12:30 for lunch. Menu was limited to Sunday specials but we really just wanted the boas anyway. We ordered:Pork Belly Bao: good flavors but pork was dryDuck Bao: excellent, crispy, juicy, sweetBurger: AWESOMEShort Ribs Grilled Cheese: finger licking goodAll around delicious food, low key atmosphere in an old school casino, great prices.
4	I knew about Fat Choy back when they were known as Great Bao so it's nice to know that they've upgraded to a full restaurant now instead of being a pop-up in a beauty salon.  I came by for lunch and decided to try their bao and see what the hype was all about.You get two bao for one order and lucky for me they were nice enough to let me mix and match the pork and duck baos with one order.Peking Duck Bao with cucumber, scallions, and hoisin sauce -- http://bit.ly/Z3btzgPork Belly Bao with pickled mustard greens, cilantro, and crushed peanuts --  http://bit.ly/11ds7IZBoth were awesome, but I think I liked the duck the best.  I also ordered the Sesame Noodles which was very good as well if you're into cold noodles.http://bit.ly/11drRK0The menu is pretty affordable and extensive ranging from burgers and fries to rice bowls and other noodle dishes and there were quite a few other menu items that I wanted to try.  I'm definitely coming back again for the Shrimp Toast and the Fat Choy Burger.  Give Fat Choy a try if you want some awesome Asian comfort food!
3	I was super excited to try to this place out. I even checked out the menu and was fully prepared with what I wanted to order. Like most everyone says in their reviews, it is located in a pretty random spot. I've been living in Las Vegas for most of my life, and have never even heard of Eureka casino. I've driven past it quite a few times, and yet never noticed it. To say the least, i was pretty disappointed in the service that I received. The waitress had come to our table, asked for drink our drink orders. My friend and I both ordered a coke. Five minutes later, she brought 1 drink out. What?! She set it down without acknowledging us and walked away immediately. Why she thought that only one of us wanted a drink, I'll never know. It's not like we had waters on our tables or any other drinks with us. She finally came back about 7 - 8 minutes later to take our food order. I ordered the Pork belly BLT as well as ordered the shrimp toast as an appetizer. The waitress came back probably another 10-15 minutes later, and informed me that they can't make shrimp toast anymore. Why it took that long to inform me, I'm not quite sure. There were only two other diners in the restaurant, so the kitchen couldn't have been that busy. It shouldn't have taken them 10 minutes to realize that they couldn't make an appetizer. Food was decent. The pork belly on the sandwich was amazing. The only downfall to the sandwich was that my bread was rock hard, leading me to believe it had been sitting in the pass for quite some time. Disappointing to say the least. Three stars for the food, and the food alone. Wish i could give it more, but rock hard bread? No thanks. Bad service. Bad experience. Would have wanted to go back to try more of the menu, but the service was just so distasteful, I'm not sure if I will.
5	You won't be disappointed eating at Fay Choy.  The baos are simply amazing...flavorful and perfectly cooked.  My personal favorite is the duck bao.  Chef Sheridan combines a perfect amount of tender meat, crispy skin, sauce, and veggie to create the perfect handheld sandwich.  If you've never had a bao blow you away you should definitely try these.Noodles, short rib grilled cheese, and his burger are also must haves.
3	I was drawn here because Eater Las Vegas named their Pork Belly Boa one of Las Vegas's best sandwiches. I picked a good day to try it because they were hosting a "Great Boa" event featuring several types of boa and they also had a special offering of shaved snow from the Monterey Park, CA place 'Fluff Ice.'I tried both the Pork Belly and Peking Duck boa. I liked both. The meats were tender and juicy. Were they worth of my journey via the monorail and a half mile walk to a divey casino (Eureka) that cabs don't like picking up from? No. I've had comparable pork belly and Peking duck at other less inconvenient restaurants.The food was worthy of a higher rating than the 3 stars, but when computing the service, or lack thereof, they earned a solid "A-ok."
4	Thought I'd experiment and order Mrs. Wong's Spaghetti: wrong call. Pretty bad, actually, but I don't have the heart to give them 3-stars. They really should remove this item from the menu, though! The pasta is not al dente in the slightest - it's basically well-done lo-mein noodles with a smattering of unspecial tomato paste (I wouldn't call it 'sauce') and some meatballs (decent texture, good flavor). If you're expecting a hidden gem of a dish here, this is definitely not it.Oh well, just stick with the Fat Choy Burger and you'll be good!
3	One of the hottest restaurants around is located within Eureka Casino on East Sahara. Before Fat Choy, Chef Sheridan Su (former executive chef at Comme Ca) was serving Great Bao in the most unlikely place; a nail salon. I never tried it back then because I have an aversion to the smell. Dining with salon fumes never seemed appetizing in the least bit. I never tracked down the food truck, and it's taken me sometime to travel to the eastside, but I've finally done it. The Eureka Casino was nicer than I expected and I had heard interesting characters patronize the casino. However, on Sunday afternoon it was clean, quiet and no characters in sight. Not sure what it says about me, but I felt right at home. We strolled back to Fat Choy and took a seat. The waitress brought over menus; they had a limited selection and no rice or noodle dishes. We selected the duck bao ($7), and the tofu mushroom bao ($6) after she suggested it over the pork belly ($7). We also ordered the short rib grilled cheese ($10) and the nutella roti ($6) for dessert. We chose a plain old diet coke and diet dr. pepper from their new soda machine with dozens of flavors. Our bao came out first. Duck and pork belly were brought out. The order was wrong, but we stuck with it. The buns are steamed to perfection. The pork belly was fantastic, the fat rendered perfectly so it was rich, tender and filled with that wonderful pork flavor. I loved the freshness from the cilantro and greens, and the texture of the crushed peanuts. This was indeed great bao. The duck was delicious too. The hoisin sauce was light and didn't overwhelm the duck at all. Now, I'm curious how the mushroom and tofu bao would be. Tasty, I'm sure. The short rib grilled cheese comes with provolone and cheddar, onion jam and a side of marinara sauce. I'm a purist when it comes to grilled cheese; I'd prefer it with only one type of cheese. I thought the two cheeses made it a bit greasy, the sourdough bread grilled beautifully and the short rib was tender and flavorful with the onion jam. The marinara was thick from the tomato paste. Again, not my preference, but still all the components make and enjoyable sandwich. My husband liked it just fine. My tastebuds just didn't concur. There was nothing notable about the fries. The Nutella Roti had me intrigued, nutella, mascarpone, honey and walnuts on roti... what's not to love? The wait, as it turns out. We waited and waited and waited. We would've cancelled had our waitress been around. She conveniently disappeared. We waited and waited some more. It was ridiculous. We asked the other waitress and she said it would be right up. We waited and waited. Finally, the pancake topped with goo was brought to the table. The pancake was incredibly greasy, aside from that the flavors were pretty good, but definitely not worth the wait. I could be more forgiving if it were busy, but we were one of three tables. I'd hope they weren't that far in the weeds with seven diners.Our patience wore thin; we refused to be held hostage for our bill so my husband went to the counter to take care of it. The eats are pretty darn tasty. I'd return for more bao and I'd love to try the duck rice and potstickers. I certainly hope service will be improved.
5	The baos here are so amazing. I'm not even a fan of baos but I would walk miles to get these. The sesame noodles is a must have too when you're here. The potstickers are better than my moms and soooo amazing. I'm always a fatass when I come here. I hope they open one in California so I don't have to wait until I'm in Vegas to eat here!
2	Let's start with the big one. SLOWEST SERVICE EVER.Food-wise, it's alright. Some unique offerings like shrimp toast and noodle dishes. They have daily specials written on a chalkboard. I'm sure they're worth a try.  Between the bao and the noodles, I'd say the food was fine. Nothing jumped out. Nothing spectacular. Everything was fine. I mean, when it finally got to the table.I don't know if it's common for them to only have one chef in the kitchen, but that's the main holdup. Also, waiter service was slow which is unrelated. Orders were mismatched. Food was dropped. Food was missing. Nobody ever came by to check on us. It was a mess.I'm sure the small issues were just special to my table, and the food was fine, but I imagine the service issue is ongoing. Just a heads up for an otherwise acceptable place to get some decent eats.
5	It will be hard for me to write anything about what my daughter and I ate today without using several profane expletives, but I'll try. Fat Choy, I love you. Best shrimp toast possible. Grilled cheese/short rib sandwich with tomato jam was the best sandwich I (we) have ever eaten- hands down. The bao- duck, soft shell crab with pineapple slaw and pork belly were outstanding. Most tender and flavorful pork belly ever (sorry Lardo) Service was great- friendly and very professional. The Sa wat dee fluff ice was so goof I had to buy a t-shirt. Tomorrow is our lastt day in Vegas and we shall return.
4	So I've been here a bunch of times and I still really like their food, but this place definitely has some issues. So far, we've only been there for lunch, and been pretty empty each time - there's never been more than 3 other tables filled. I'll give restaurants leeway for being slow and inattentive when they're understaffed and busy, but there's always been 2 waitresses and 2 or 3 people in the kitchen.I think the asian waitress that came over from Great Bao is amazing - friendly, knowledgable on the food and really on it. The other 2 or 3 I've had....not so much. They've given me the wrong order twice despite being it empty, and only having a total of 5 burgers/sandwiches to choose from. This time they got the right food, but they forgot to add the egg to my pbblt - there's always something w/ this place.We usually eat there, then I get 2 or 3 separate orders to bring back for my coworkers. Today my VP noticed that the receipt said $9, then magically the total became $10 - see pic. Leave it to a finance guy to notice something like that. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=3yRadq4tgXdb_zjDa4KwPA&userid=dsaj_eA71FvpUh49zzKcGASo evidently Fat Choy thinks it's ok to charge $1 for each to go order without telling anyone about it up front, or even listing it on the receipt. With fees - it is what it is, and I have no problem paying it. But I think it's way sheisty and deceitful to slip it in without informing anyone AND hiding it on the receipt. It's not printed on the menu and despite what the person on the phone said, no waitress has ever mentioned it to me at any point. I was told that it was clearly posted on the cash register. Which nobody really even pays at because they have waitresses and nothing is ready made, so you end up sitting and waiting for your food regardless of what you order. Yeah it's just effen $1 but since I get separate orders for my coworkers, that has added up over time. I've never understood to-go fees anyway - is it because they don't get tipped for take out orders? It's not about the cost of the box, because you're never charged to take home leftovers, so why would you have to pay $1 for the privilege not to have also dirtied a plate, silverware and cup? So whatever, next time I'm just ordering everything for eat in, dirtying plates, then making you bring me boxes for them. And please don't spit in my food because I still gave you 4 stars even though you guys p*ss me off sometimes....
4	Wifey: "Where are we gonna eat?" Me: "FAT CHOY!" Wifey: "Bless you!"I wanted to come here for the one thing that I keep hearing from my Yelp peeps. The Fat Choy Burger! This wonderful creation is made up of half a pound of angus beef, short rib, bacon, fried egg, cheddar cheese, and a fried tomato. Not only did we get the Fat Choy Burger, but we also were intrigued by the choices of Bao Sliders that were on the menu. We got the any 3 plus a drink for 10 bucks deal. We picked the pork belly, peking duck, and for a limited time only, soft shell crab!Service was awesome. Our server was constantly checking up on us. As a bonus, Fluff Ice was there as a temporary pop up to see how people will react with the Fat Choy collaboration. We ordered a medium halo halo and a chocolate crunch. Just the sheer silence of my kids told me that they approve of the fluff ice!5 stars for all of the above mentioned. Minus one star for the glaring issue they need to address. THE FREAKIN SECOND HAND SMOKE COMING IN FROM THE CASINO! If I was asthmatic, I would not be able to eat here, which is a shame, because the food is that good!So everything was awesome except for the fear of getting lung cancer.
5	I have driven past the Eureka Casino a few times and never have given a thought about stopping in.  But, now that Fat Choy is there; I'm going to be a regular.  Hell, I'm going to be the duke of this place.  There is so much on the menu that looked incredible.  And, then to add fluff Ice to the mix... forget it!  Can it get any better, I think not.  The reason that I came was because Shawn put on a UYE here, and many thanks to him for turning me onto this place.  Another thing, Fat Choy is on the East side of town and relatively close to where I live.  That is a huge plus in my book.  So, here was my 5 star experience:It took me about 10 minutes to get to the Eureka Casino, where Fat Choy is.  Here's a tip.  Not the best part of town, so make sure you lock your doors and set your alarm.  But, they have a security guard near the parking lot making sure things are kosher.  Met a group of people and we walked through the casino to get to Fat Choy.  It's a small casino and has a bit of smokiness to it.  Not as bad as I thought it was going to be, but noticeable. But, not at all noticeable in Fat Choy itself. We enter Fat Choy and Jennifer, who waited on us, already had a table set up for us.  She was awesome too.  She wanted to make sure we were all happy and went the extra mile.  We waited for the rest of our group to show up.  There were 10 or so at our table and we also took over a couple of booths.  We totally took over the place.  So, Jennifer came around and took our order and went over it to make sure everything was right.  Told you she went the extra mile.I had the Fat Choy burger.  Incredible.  Look at the picture I added just for the drool.  I was also looking at the other choices others have made.  And, I will be back to try those too.  And, then the fluff Ice came out.  What a great way to end a meal.  And, we even got a complimentary coffee flavored fluff ice.  Extra mile by everyone at Fat Choy.  5 stars for sure.
4	"Yes, we're going to have the 3 bao combo with the pork belly, soft shell crab, and Peking duck.""And the duck rice. Oh, you can add a fried egg for $2? Okay, that too then." "We'd like to start with the potstickers as well." "Also, we'll be needing an order of the duck rice to go at the end." Alex Trebek, I believe you're looking for, "How much do you think two girls can put away?" for "Functional Fatties" for $400.  I brought a girlfriend along with me to Eureka Casino for a double duty visit to Fat Choy, which I've had bookmarked for the longest time, and Fluff Ice, which was holding a pop up. Yes, the Eureka location is unfortunate, but if you can get past the smoky slots, there's more than meets the menu. The service is spot on, but the food takes a while longer than I thought should be expected for this kind of restaurant. The potstickers were crunchy on the outside & juicy on the outside, but definitely trumped by the duck rice and bao. The *LIMITED TIME ONLY!* 3-for-10 deal is a great promo and the duck rice is delicious with the ginger scallion sauce. I still don't understand what the heck a place like this is doing in a casino like Eureka.
5	Went here for the 3 for $10 bao special and the fluff ice was an extra added bonus. I enjoyed the 3 baos, duck, pork belly, and the crispy soft shell crab. My favorite was the soft shell crab, so unique with it's soft sweet bao texture, then the light and crisp crunchyness of the soft shell crab. I also tried the Fat Choy burger. It was cooked perfectly medium. The patty is quite thick and beefy with the yummy shredded short rib meat on top of the patty with crispy bacon and a runny fried egg. Perfectly delicious. Also the fries were cooked as an art form!  They were skinny fries that were crisp on the outside and nice and buttery on the inside, like eating a fat fry, only it was a skinny fry. This chef really knows how to make fries. Fluff ice guys are only here for a limited time, at the time of this review fluff ice is leaving on 6/23/13 to go back to Cali:  Then for dessert I had to have a fluff ice drink with egg pudding. I usually get my fix in california, but hey, if the egg pudding comes to you in vegas, why go to cali?  I got the large egg pudding and lychee jelly drink which was a little sweet at first because I didn't mix it. Once you mix it, it is a great balance of sweet and savory. They should team up with Fat Choy and make a Fluff ice with crispy bacon, that sounds good. To adress it being inside the Eureka casino, there is a guard in the parking lot, and the casino really wasn't that smoky on a friday night. Inside the restaurant I couldn't smell any ciggy smoke at all.
3	I really enjoyed my meal and experience here. The location is a little odd but in a way makes it that much more unique and endearing. Service was good except being told soup would take a few minutes. Really!! soup!!We ordered the soup of course, and I ordered the PBBLT. The PBBLT states it is pork belly and Bacon with lettuce and tomato. The taste was good but I expected more of the pork. I wanted a real thick sandwich. Our party also ordered the Duck Boa, Short rib grilled cheese and pork boa. I enjoyed the wonderful greasy tastiness of the sandwich which i think was thoughtfully prepared. Fluff  Ice was doing a POP UP here as well. Fluff Ice I wish I could explain, but you have to try it whenever you have the chance. It was a great night with great friends and I really enjoyed the quaint atmosphere. The service staff was friendly and even though busy they were good about filling drinks and checking on us.for more review of our night see Samantha G. review.
3	Hmmm... We've been here twice, and if I had posted a review after the first time, it would have been 4 stars.  We tried the short rib grilled cheese (good), the pot stickers (very good), the Fat Choy burger, & the PBBLT. Now, I consider myself a professional porker from the old school, but in order to be considered a contemporary "foodie", one has to venture out into the brave new world of exotica featured on the Food Network, and since "pork belly" and "bacon" are considered practically synonymous, I was actually anxious to give it a try. I am no longer anxious. It's not that it tastes bad, it's just that it's a little pork with a lot of creepy, greasy, mostly raw fat. How is it that the fat layers on bacon fry up crispy, chewy, and delightful, and this just seems like the stuff that would make you refuse to eat until your mother trimmed it off your meat for you? Yuck. Don't know what the fuss is about, but I'm not blaming it on Fat Choy. I assume this is the way it's supposed to be, and it's just not for me, along with blue-veined cheeses and anything with the word "tartare" in the title. Anyway, what we did have was hot and fresh, and the service was fine- one obviously experienced waitress named Tammi who was working like crazy and appeared to be training a younger one who seemed a little lost. All fine. However, we returned this week and had brunch. Dropping a star because the hollandaise on the Eggs benedict was salty, runny, and I expect pre-packaged, and the eggs were overdone. The potatoes on, the other hand, were golden, crispy, and delicious. Most everyone else's food was fine, but one poor Sad Sack ordered waffles, and they were so limp and pale you would believe they were cooked by an Englishman. They boil everything! However, it should be noted that the waffles we saw being served a little later to neighboring diners looked brown and toasty. So go ahead and order them, but first ask yourself if you feel lucky today. Added to this was the fact that they weren't that busy, Tammi was still plugging away, and the no-longer-new girl was still lost. While as a fan of The Walking Dead it was kind of fun watching her wandering around, bumping into walls with a vacant stare and a thin trickle of drool running down her chin, it was pretty much impossible to get a refill from her. Must have been hired for her looks. On the other hand, maybe not.
1	They should be embarrassed of themselves those baos had microscopic amounts of meat on them! I ordered the duck and the belly. I would never eat there again, $30 later and I'm just as hungry leaving as I was when I arrived. The only decent thing I ate was the chicken wings, but how hard is it to mess up fried chicken wings? Save your money and go to McDonalds, you'll thank me later. . .
3	Went here for a late lunch Friday afternoon.  Had the duck bao, pork bao, and the grilled cheese.  We wanted to try the bone marrow but they were 86ed.  Both the duck and pork bao were delicious.  All the ingredients were super fresh and you could tell there was a lot of love putting them together.  The meats were juicy and perfectly cooked.  There was delicious duck fat dribbling down my arm when I took the first bite.  YUM!  The pork fat was melt in your mouth good.  The short rib grilled cheese on the other hand, was disappointing.  The menu said cheddar cheese but to us, it really tasted like Kraft American slices.  I'm pretty sure I can distinguish the difference between cheddar and American.  Onion jam you say?  What onion jam?  Couldn't taste it.  The tomato dip on the side should be renamed "warm jarred marinara" as that's exactly what it tasted like.  I thought since there was so much TLC poured into the baos that maybe the owners would have done something unique for their fries.  But nope, they're just mass produced, store bought, frozen. Service was fine, I was expecting to have to wait for a long time after reading others' reviews, but maybe it was because there were only 2 other tables in the restaurant when we were there. The ambiance and location SUCKED!!  The restaurant is located in the Eureka Casino and it's an open door leading into the restaurant - It was seriously like sitting in an ashtray while trying to eat.  The smoke was overwhelming and it was hard to enjoy our meal. I'm not sure if I will be back - don't get me wrong..  the bao were sooo good!  But being a non-smoker, I'm not sure I can handle sitting in a gross old building with second hand smoke as my complimentary side.
4	Puttin the burger to the test!Fat Choy Burger : 1/2 lb Certified Angus Beef Patty, Brioche bun from La Brea Bakery, Aged Cheddar Cheese, 6 hour Braised Beef Short Ribs, Onion Jam, Grilled Tomato and Iceberg Lettuce, Sunny Side Up Egg, Bacon, and Secret Sauce! This was a solid, all around burger with great flavors! My only complaint would be that I requested medium rare, and received an almost Medium Well burger. Didn't care enough to send it back, since I was so hungry and it still tasted good!I also shared the Short Rib Grilled Cheese Sandwich on Sourdough, Onion Jam, Provolone and Cheddar Cheese. I also liked this sandwich...all the flavor was definitely in the short ribs, just like the burger. I'd recommend the burger over the grilled cheese!I'd definitely check it out if you are looking for inexpensive eats, and you don't mind the neighborhood and the scenery!
5	I'm Chinese - what's not to love about delectable little bao wrapped around tender, delicious duck, hoisin sauce, and fresh veggies?!  They arrive two to an order on an individual paper covered wood plank.  We both had an order, then split a third - so yummy.  This cute diner style restaurant is inside the Eureka Casino.  Even though there is smoking in the casino, it's a short walk from the casino entrance to Fat Choy, where smoking is NOT allowed.  Yay!  The waitress owner is helpful and friendly - our lunch was very enjoyable.Definitely recommend - we will return!
4	Unique menu items, cute little place inside an old casino, quick service. Easy 4 stars.My go to sandwich is the pork belly BLT. Pork on top of more pork. Can you say heart attack? Pork belly is fatty and rich while the bacon is crispy and salty. Explosion of flavor in my mouth. It is on the greasier side, so prepare to use a lot of napkins. I'm glad I have turned a fellow yelper, Tom F. on to this sandwich. The vibe is upbeat, depending on who you go with. The service is fast and friendly, also depending on who you go with or if the restaurant gets crowded. I will return, but only after a few gym sessions to work off this sandwich.Tip: take a deep breath before entering the casino and you can exhale once you enter Fat Choy. The cigarette smoke is pretty strong, unless you want the black lung, then that's cool too.
5	It's an amazing thing to be Elite, we get to preview this new feature before anyone else and I wish this feature was released the day we ate at Fat Choy bc maybe then I could remember the name of the gal that waited in us bc she was awesome!!So let's talk about our journey to our lunch which seemed as though it was never going  to happen. 1st visit: "Sorry, we're closed bc of the storm". 2nd visit: "Oh, sorry, we have a private event". 3rd times the charm: "Welcome to Fat Choy!". Ya know, had they given us another sob story of sorries, we weren't going to even bother a fourth time, but luckily that wasn't the case.Fat Choy is inside of Eureka Casino, a tiny casino some where on Sahara. The only bad experience I had was having to endure the lovely smoke filled casino.On the table: Pork Belly Bao, Duck Bao and a noodle dish whose name escapes me but the flavor doesn't!I'm not a fan of duck bc of the gamey-ness  but I tried the Bao anyway, though I am still not a fan of duck, the Bao was quite tasty! As goes the same for the pork belly, that'd be the one I devoured! Between my husband, son and myself we had a total of 9 Baos and the noodle dish and our bellies were pretty darn content!Oh, for those who have children, yes, they do allow minors in the restaurant but no where else.
4	Fat Choy burger is amazing. Service can be slow at times when slammed and they need a door to stop the smoking smell thus minus a star
4	I enjoyed the food at Fat Choy as it was unexpected coming from a small casino venue. I have eaten at many restaurants and I enjoyed this "hole in the wall" location. The pork belly and duck bao was fresh and delicious. The Fluff Ice was there on the day I visited and their ice creations was also good.  However, there seems to be only two employees working the front of the restaurant and the place was busy. Perhaps, it was unexpected for a Sunday but the place seems very busy when I arrived. The two employees working the front was the waitresses/hosts/bus boys/cashiers and I felt bad for them.  I do not know if this is normal for Fat Choy but if it is. I hope Fat Choy seeks out Robert Irvine and his Restaurant Impossible team to get them organized. I do not think Fat Choy is losing money based on the crowd of people on Sunday but I am sure they can make more.
5	Who knew that you could find good solid eats inside a small casino off of Sahara on the east/central side of town?The menu and set up is simple - just take an American diner and serve it with good ole Asian eats mixed with just a little Americana. I wish I could easily say that you have to come here and just try the one thing that absolutely rocks but in the end everything is good. From their tacos, to the bao, to the burgers and pot stickers. So I guess what I am saying is come hungry and come more than once. Their bao's are my favorite. No matter which one you order, they have a perfect balance of flavors and textures. Their tacos are mini sized but full and bursting with the flavor. The burger will make your tongue slap the insides of your mouth. (My mouth is watering. I am ready for another visit just writing this review).And something as simple as fries they do just right. Crispy on the outside and nice and fluffy on the inside. My two year old is a picky, picky eater even when it comes to something like fries and we had to sit and wait for him to finish every single last fry.The servers now serve the food and describe to you what you are getting. Or at least on my last visit they did. It's food foreplay. Just tantalizing your taste buds before you take your first bite. I will be back soon. I have got to try their bone marrow and I am sure based on my past two experiences, I will not be disappointed. Maybe I will see you there!P.S. A definite plus I might add is that my first visit they didn't have high chairs, now they do. :) You can bring your kiddos.And I meant to take more pics on our last visit but we just started eating and then it was gone before we knew it :(
5	OH MY GOD. That's what I was screaming inside my head after I took a bite of the pork belly bao.  I've been fortunate enough to try some of the best pork belly baos in NYC (Momofuku, Ippudo, etc which are all great btw), and this one blew the competition out of the water.  I couldn't believe how soft, yet flavorful the pork belly was.  The other baos were great too!What's crazy is that it's nestled inside this small seedy casino.  Fat Choy definitely deserves it's own location.  If you are in Las Vegas and have time, you definitely need to venture to this place!
4	We decided to give Fat Choy another chance, since there is no other place in Las Vegas that serves pork belly bao (that I know of). It's been about 3 months since we last ate here. Jenny still remembered our names - wow, I'm impressed! I ordered the same dishes as last time - Pork Belly Bao and PBBLT (on sourdough), and both were prepared perfectly! I could literally feel the endorphins rushing through my brain as I took a bite of the PBBLT. Once again, balance has been restored to the universe! I'll probably be dreaming about this sandwich all week! Pork Belly Bao was just right too. I secretly wished that I didn't have to share it! Note: it would be great if they served it with pickled daikon on the side! We also tried the Roasted Marrow. It was good - I just wished there was more of it.  Next time, I'll save room for dessert.
4	Came here and ordered the tofu and mushroom bao. It's vegan if you hold the mayo sauce. It was good but I didn't think it was worth the price. 2 buns for $7 something.
4	Our first Sunday brunch at Fat Choy! Mom paid us a surprise visit, so took her and the kid to Eureka.Have been looking forward all week to getting the Fat Benedict. WARNING: this dish may shoot your blood pressure through the roof! It did not disappoint - satisfied both my craving and raised my bp by at least 20 points! Veruka learned her lesson well since we last went out - she decided that, from now on, she's going to order whatever I order. The Tofu and Mushroom Bao was pretty tasty. The kid got the Kalbi Steak and Eggs. The order was pretty large, so he ended up taking home leftovers. Cool, no need to cook tonite! Our waitress, Michelle, was new there. She did a good job of serving us and keeping our drinks full, and also put that 100-flavor soda machine to good use. Her and the other lady that was working behind the counter said that it was the first time they made a real suicide soda. The only drawback to that is that the kid is going to be wired until 3 o'clock in the morning! I forced myself to get dessert, and went for the Red Velvet cake. Sweet dreams! I ate so much that I won't need to eat anything else until breakfast time tomorrow!
5	Fantastic food, our group had the Pork Belly Bao, Peking Duck Bao, Fat Choy Burger, Short Rib Grilled Cheese, and the Classic Cheeseburger, they were all great! Don't let the shady looking casino turn you away from the restaurant.  Amazingly attentive staff at the restaurant.   One of my favorites in Vegas now.   Definitely will be returning!!!
5	I had the fusion eggs Benedict. (It was pork belly not Canadian bacon.) AMAZING! The decor is charming. The waitress was fantastic. The food was delicious. Yes. It is in a totally shady part of town. In an weird little "casino." But the food is top notch!
1	Went here Tuesday for lunch. Sat there for nearly 10 minutes no service no menus. Just walked out too bad because I wanted to try food.... but can't give my money to such bad business.
5	i always forgot about this little joint by my house. it's inside a local casino called eureka, and they started off with a food truck n now they're a popping fusion restaurant.their baos are their starter signiture. their pork belly and short ribs are braised n marinated for 24 hrs which made them so tender, juicy and just pure awesome.the fatchoi burger is one of the best gourmet burger i have ever eaten. with a nice thick juicy patty, fried egg, cheese, and shredded short rib... it is a flavor orgy in your mouth!if you like ducks, they actually cooked their duck legs right! so tender it will fall of the bone, not gamey, and crispy on the outside but melt in your mouth juicy on the inside.for breakfast, they have their fusion eggs benedict, not with ham or canadian bacon, those are for the weak hearted! theirs are paired with a nice thick cut of pork belly!!!So if you haven't been here? you have not lived your life fully!
4	Found this through the LV Weekly.It is so good, don't let the outside fool you.I had the burger and bao and it was amazing.I want to try other things on the menu, but I'm just consistently blown away by their pork belly plates that I haven't ventured that far yet.
5	Fat Choy is a hidden gem of a restaurant located inside the Eureka Casino on Sahara. We have been here a total of three times now, twice dining in and once for a takeout order. The first time I ate here with my husband and friend (she had no idea what to expect but she trust my judgment). You seat yourself I try to get the back booth because the smoke is pretty heavy in the casino, but I've never smelled the smoke in the restaurant itself.We started off by asking the waitress about the soda machine. She pretty much told us that you could get any soda flavor combination you can imagine except for cream soda. Our soda's came out in HUGE 32oz glass beer mugs with free refills. We ordered two servings of "Grandma's Potstickers" My husband and friend ordered the Fat Choy Burger, and I ordered the Sesame Noodles, and Short Rib Grilled Cheese.It takes a while for the potstickers to cook, so be patient. Our waitress served our potstickers and said, i quote "I'm so excited for you to try these!!" They come five to an order, with a side of ponzu sauce with garlic, green onion, and a hint of balsamic vinegar. The first bite just blew my mind. The outside was perfectly pan seared in sesame oil, and great pork filling. By far the best I've ever had!Next the entrees came out shortly after. My husband's and friends Fat Choy burger came out. It comes on a soft bun with perfectly cooked medium rare sirloin beef  (if requested), short rib, bacon, cheddar, roasted tomato, and a perfectly cooked sunny side up egg, which my friend commented "It looks like an eye staring at me!". LOL!! It was huge, juicy, and sloppy. One of my husband's favorite burgers.We shared the Sesame Noodles, which came with roasted wild mushrooms, cucumbers, carrots, peanuts, and sesame vinaigrette which had a bite to it with Sriracha. One of my favorite dishes. Very addicting. My friend was saying she didn't like noodles too much but she was sure stuffing them down like nobody's business. LOL!!The Short Rib Grilled Cheese with Onion Jam, Provolone, and Cheddar cheese was good but not my favorite dish on the menu. I will say the Onion Jam was interesting, never had it before. My third time here I tried the PBBLT, with pork belly, bacon, tomato, lettuce, sriracha mayo. Huge portion of pork belly!! Can't wait for my  Father-in -law to try this!!My husband and I keep craving this place. We came here the next day for takeout (I would recommend eating it fresh however) The food is top notch for a small establishment. The waitstaff is friendly, the prices are very reasonable for the large portions you get. Till next time Fat Choy!!!
4	BEST PORK BELLY BAOS EVER!!!!!!!This nice little restaurant joint is located inside the Eureka Casino, which is off the Strip. I highly recommend their Pork Belly Baos. You can get two for $7. Kind of pricey, but well worth your trip and money! The meats are marinated the night before, and the flavor just explodes in your mouth. It's succulent and delicious!Also, there's Peking Duck Baos available too. They taste just as great, however the real stars of the show are the Pork Belly Baos! This place can get busy, but luckily we got there right when it opened. The servers were friendly and professional. :)
5	If I could give that 6 stars; I would! I had the marrow bone and toast. I have never tried it before anywhere. It the idea seems so gross. But I know people who love it. I figured; I would try it here. It was absolutely delicious. We also had the short rib and cheese grilled sandwich. That was also delicious.
3	Hehe. I love the logo here. XD. Plus, I had a buddy in my group with the last name Choy and I just figured out a new nickname for him. :)I came here by recommendation of Eva L with a group of our friends while in Vegas. It's located inside of the run down Eureka casino. The diner reminds me more of a Ruby's burger versus an actual Asian restaurant.For $7 you can get 2 baos. We went with the pork belly and the peking duck. Both were pretty solid; however, for $3.50 per bao, it's way overpriced. I used to think KFC snackers were a rip off but this place takes the cake.Overall, interesting concept but for $3.50 for a bao, I rather just save my money and wait to get back to the SGV or go down to China Town Vegas.
4	We had ourselves a tasty lunch at Fat Choy on an early Sunday afternoon. It's a shame you have to walk through a smokey casino to get to Fat Choy, but oh well.We had the Chicken & Waffles and the Three Little Pigs. The fried chicken was wonderfully seasoned and crispy. And the crispy pork belly, was of course, a pleasure to put in one's mouth. But, and this is a disappointing "but", both the pancakes and waffle were confusingly chewy. This, we could only guess, seemed to be because they were not made fresh? Not sure. So, definitely some tasty vittles to be had, but still not as exceedingly fantastic a five star review would imply. Struggled to decide between staying three star or going up a star. Went with the four star because DANG, the fried chicken was THAT good. But DANG, fix your waffle and pancake situation.
5	Next to Commercial Center and across from the new location of the Sci Fi Center hails Eureka Casino, a better than average small scale casino. But it has really stepped up with the addition of Fat Choy, the Asian American comfort food diner inside. Open til 10pm Sun-Thurs, midnight Fri-Sat you'll find a clean and dazzling place to crash, recover and certainly chow down with a menu amazing with flavors and well thought for the cultured pallete.Usually the place fills up but I was lucky to hit it late night and it's so comfortable. You have a counter, tables and booths. Big screens with sports and the Food Network. Staff are fast,friendly and love to describe the dishes and the quality they put into them.For what you see being served, you pay half of what you would find in fancier spots on the strip but get ALL the taste and portions. Expect to spend from $7 - $14 depending on appetite; My bill with tea was $12. They even have one of those 100+ Coke mix machines! I ordered the Fat Choy burger with fries: 1/2 lb burger made with (over night marinated) short ribs, bacon and a perfect sunny side up egg.The Chef Sheridan Su is a perfectionist; even the fries were perfectly crisp and light. See, a cook moves out food; a Chef will not put anything out UNLESS it is something THEY would eat. They stay in control of the prep, purchasing  and delivering the finished product. He put in time at some of the best places on the strip and has struck out on his own with this; you should take advantage of it and avoid fighting the strip to "eat gourmet at a Denny's price". If there was one thing I could ask for it would be for Chef Su to teach a class for other restaurant cooks on how to correctly make bacon. Anytime day or night, this is a place to hide from high prices and so-so food. If you haven't been... don't be so hard on yourself!
5	Shrimp Toast includes Chinese sausage and herbs and topped with sriracha mayo and a fried egg. I took one bite and it transported me to my childhood in my Aunty Sachi's kitchen. She was working on her cookbook and amazed us with the testing of her recipes. One dish in particular was her crab toast, an umami flavor ahead of its time, and I always remembered it. As I came back to reality, I found myself dancing in my seat with a big smile on my face. The fried egg was a nice touch and the yolk added a creamy rich sauce for dipping the toast. You'll definitely have an OMG moment or two, okay, maybe three! Thumbs up, way up!The Fat Choy Burger is a  1/2 lb Angus beef patty and topped with braised shortrib (yeah, you heard me, shortrib), a fried egg, cheddar cheese, and roasted tomato. I got one bite and it was fantastic! My husband enjoyed it so much, he wouldn't share any more of it with me. I knew I had more food coming so I relinquished the battle for more. The burger was juicy, but the braised shortrib and fried egg made it an onolicious experience that is not able to be shared. The savory flavors bring your inner carnivore right out of you and your taste buds make you very territorial. It's one of the best burgers I have ever had and will definitely get my own next time! The french fries were really good too, crispy, golden brown exterior, soft interior, and natural potato flavor you crave. Thumbs up, way up!Roasted Marrow is topped with onion jam and served with grilled bread. One of my top five favorite food items is bone marrow. I love the buttery texture! The bone marrow was roasted to perfection and was easy to scoop with tiny spoons that fit perfectly into the bone cavity. The onion jam was a little too strong and sweet. It took over the subtle flavor of bone marrow. It might be better served on the side so the diner can control the flavor a bit more. The presentation was beautiful with the diced bright green onion for refreshing flavor and contrast.Soft Shell Crab Bao is a fried soft shell crab inside a lovely, perfectly steamed bao. Look for this as a special as it's not on the menu all of the time. One of my favorite sushi is the Spider Hand Roll so I was all over this one when I saw it. The soft shell crab was delicately fried to perfection and like sea butter on the inside, sweet and succulent. It paired perfectly with the soft bao. You'll definitely have an OMG moment or two on this one! I kept my eyes closed while I ate it, savoring each delicious bite. Thumbs up, way up!Shortrib Grilled Cheese is served with onion jam, provolone, cheddar cheese, and tomato dip. This has to be the best grilled cheese on the planet! It was definitely an orgasmic experience. The braised shortrib was perfect. I could eat a whole bowl of the stuff with its very addictive rich, beefy flavor. The gooey cheeses paired perfectly with the shortrib adding a creamy flavor to the mix. The onion jam added a good level of sweetness. I can't wait to get this again. Now I'm torn, Shortrib Grilled Cheese or The Fat Choy Burger! Hmm, decisions, decisions. Thumbs up, way up!
2	Took my girl here for something different as i have been here before and it was great.  Not this time. Service was fine-poor i had to wait over 35 minutes for a fat choy burger while my girl gets her short ribs and rice within 20 is not acceptable.  My girl said the amount of short ribs was about half of what she has had there before and rice was under cooked. My burger was ok  not as juicy as in the past. Server told us that my dish was comimg right up but it was another 15 minutes. There was only  2 tables of two when we arrived and one was already eating.  Poor management by not having more staff.  Only go back if i have some time to kill.  Still waiting for manager to come over.
4	Despite what others have said, my wife and I found Fat Choy and the Eureka Casino to be a fairly nice little place.  It's very clean and the food at Fat Choy is to die for.  The casino is just eat of the strip on Sahara, I wouldn't call it the ghetto, but it's not a well travelled place for tourists.  The casino is a little smoky and appeared to be frequented by mostly Asian locals.  Excellent lunch.  We had the Duck Bao, Pork Belly Bao, and the Tofu and Mushroom Bao.  All fantastic, but the favorite was the pork belly.  We also tried an order of Grandma's Pot stickers.  They were good, but we'll stick to the bao and other offerings. Definitely will go back.
5	This place is a hole-in-the-wall treasure!!! I was skeptical about coming here because of the location and how the restaurant was decorated.I was pleasantly surprised!The baos are delicious and food scrumptious!! I had a duck bao (got seconds), chicken teriyaki, and chocolate cake. This place had a great bao to introduce people to how a duck bao is suppose to taste! As for the other dishes, the chicken teriyaki was grilled with a nice crunch and chocolate cake tasted homemade. Prices of the menu were just right.Love this place. I will definitely visit again!!
5	Came here with Jackson W. for my first time two weeks ago. OMG IT WAS GOOD. I loved the peanut butter pudding, totally forgot what it was actually called, just know it has peanut butter! Try it! Won't disappoint' this whole place will not disappoint. I loved the bone marrow and my sandwich I tried. I tried so much food I do not remember what I had :/ So I hope my pictures are helpful! I will come back whenever I'm in Vegas! :)
5	I was able to eat here twice during a recent stay in Vegas. Jenny and Tammy were great and the food, as expected, was awesome. I had the bone marrow, kalbi quesadilla, pork belly bao and the perfectly cooked duck rice. Much love Fat Choy!
1	Been supporting Fat Choy since they opened but the service and food quality has been going downhill since.  Today I show up and they are completely overwhelmed by a large, self induced party of "Eureka Warriors" on some breast cancer tour/run/whatever.  People were getting up and going behind the counter to get their own drink refills....it was nuts.  i told the waitress my fries were cold and she said it was because it was "windy"....such a wack excuse it was funny! Not coming back, I tried to support but cant do it anymore.
5	I love Fat Choy. I have been here many times before, however this is my first review for them. The staff is always nice and very courteous. I always order the Fat Choy burger. It is amazing. Short ribs and and egg on a burger make a perfect addition. My only complaint is that they close too early during the week. 10pm during the week is way too early, especially for being in a casino. When I want some late night grub I have to go somewhere else. I am a big fan and look forward to trying out some other items on their menu in the future.
5	The food at Fat Choy is just awesome.This place is tucked away in a casino that you have probably never heard of. It's a bit out of the way, but well worth the visit.I've been here a few times and sampled almost everything on the menu. Nothing was disappointing, but the bao really stands out.If you come here, you have to order at least one or hopefully all of these dishes:Pork Belly BaoRoast Duck BaoSoft Shell Crab BaoThe proteins in all three dishes are cooked to perfection.The pork belly is marinated for hours and then slow braised, then finished off on the flat top where it gets caramelized and crispy on the outside. The duck gets similar love and comes out crispy as well.The meat is served in perfect little boa pillows with a delicious sauce and some micro greens and/or cucumber.The soft shell crab bao is equally good, it's like eating sushi tucked into a cloud of bao goodness.The chef(s) here cook with love and put their heart into these dishes. I hope they open another location a bit closer to Summerlin, because I get serious cravings for this stuff.Easy 5 stars.
5	Damn great food.Fat Choy has an excellent fusion between American eats and Asian dining, along with intermixing fine dining elements (pork belly) for a great taste of food.  In particular, the layers of flavor that come with its dishes will first hit you with a bit of Hawaiian flavors from the teriyaki coating, followed by thousand island, and then just the fatty richness of the meat.  Of course, I'm describing the Fat Choy burger, which is one of the best burgers I have ever had.  Additionally, I'm a fan of the pork belly buns that have all the elements of the traditional Peking Duck, but with the added goodness that only pork belly can deliver. All in all, Fat Choy is a clean simple restaurant with excellent food and service (thanks Emily!).  I enjoy bringing friends to try Fat Choy, as it quickly becomes a favorite.  The pricing is reasonable and fair.  You will not regret trying Fat Choy.
4	First time here and so far the waitresses are nice and attentive. My drink came as soon as I placed it. It's about 2 pm and it's not too busy. The decor is cute, I don't know why I like it. Food came out fast and it looks pretty good I'm gonna demolish this! Ok the pork belly is really good. The bao is warm and soft and the pork belly is crispy and the flavor is yummy. I ate it so fast I forgot to chew. This peanut lodged in the back of my throat is totally worth it! :) pot stickers are done well. Overall I'm really happy I picked this place for lunch.
4	Items selected:Shrimp Toast - Chinese Sausage, Herbs, Sriracha Mayo, Fried EggDuck Bao - Cucumber, Scallion, HoisinChicken and Waffles - 5pc Buttermilk Chicken Wings, Waffles, Butter, SyrupNutella Roti - Malaysian Style Pancake, Nutella, Mascarpone, Toasted Walnuts, HoneyBeginning as a food truck called 'Great Bao' before migrating to the unexpected environs of the Eureka Hotel Fat Choy had been getting a lot of press preceding my trip to Las Vegas and with an all day Sunday brunch menu I decided to pay Sheridan Su's Asian Fusion spot a visit for some early evening dining; second hand smoke be damned, anyplace serving bao, roti, and waffles on the same menu warranted my attention.  Located in the corner of a space best defined as 'questionable' and more appropriately 'seedy' I was admittedly impressed at how separated Fat Choy seemed from the casino and how well the smoke from the slots was excluded from the dining experience and after getting past these issues I was even happier to find the service aspects of the restaurant far better than the typical "Chinese restaurant" and actually on par with many high end places on the strip.  With a small crowd of varying ages and ethnicities I made a simple inquiry about the shrimp toast (not typically on the brunch menu) and was assured the chef would be happy to prepare it and although each dish I ordered was good the funky sausage juxtaposing shrimp and tinged with spicy mayo all melded together with a fried egg was undoubtedly the 'must try' dish of the meal.  Opting next for a crunchy waffle topped with somewhat mundane chicken and a bit of Sriracha spiked syrup alongside the signature Duck Bao - a great rendition with pillowy bread, crisp skin, and snappy pickles all playing for center stage - I think it is safe to say that sticking with less "American" food is in one's best interest, though the fusion focused crisp roti topped nutella, rich mascarpone, smoky walnuts, and ample honey makes me think that perhaps something like a Korean style chicken and waffles could be just the right thing to add to the menu.
5	Woah... All I had was the pork belly bao and teriyaki chicken. The teri chicken was spot on but the pork belly bao caught me totally off guard. It was AWESOME. Knowing how good it is, I need to go back and try some of the other things on the menu. The pork belly bao gets 5 stars all by itself! :)Never thought I'd say this but I can't wait to go back to the Eureka Casino!  LOL
4	Despite being located in the Eureka, the food is really good! The pork belly buns are so delicious. The rice dishes we had were ok, but would definitely go back just for those buns.
5	Fat Choy, you stole my heart today.A friend told me about this delightful establishment and as any faithful Yelpers would do, I bookmarked the spot. I happened to find myself on the East side of town with a friend and we got our FC on.Fat Choy is located in the Eureka casino. It's a cute little coffee shop tucked in the corner. The place was clean and had bright red, Asian decor in the space. Put waitress was over in a Jiffy. She handed us menus and took our drink order, they have a coca-cola freestyle (a million flavor combos, y'all). My friend and I decided to order a few different things and split them. Our waitress informed us that everything is cooked to order. It takes a bit longer to get the food (nothing excessive), and it's totally worth the wait.Round 1. Grandma's Potstickers and Wonton Soup.The potstickers were fresh and I don't remember the name of the sauce that came with it, but it was divine. Light and with fresh herbs. I can imagine it will go well with just about anything. The wonton soup was also super fresh (you will hear that a lot because it was super, duper fresh). Big pieces of brocoli, thinly sliced carrots, and other yummy veggies, as sprinkled with fresh herbs. A definite must try!Round 2: The Short Rib Grilled Cheese and Duck Bao.May we please have a moment of silence for the Short Rib Grilled Cheese. This is one of the most decadent sandwiches around. Gooey cheese, succulent tender shredded short rib. Mouth-gasms, y'all. I recommend sharing this bad boy, it's very, very rich, but oh so good.The Duck Boa was served in a deconstructed style; instead of being steamed all together in a bun. The bun was steamed and then folded in half, with crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, and seasoned to perfection. Delightful, light and filling. I recommend going with a friend and sharing a few items. Everything is reasonable priced (about $6 to $10 per item). I cannot praise Fat Choy enough. Great atmosphere, amazing customer service, and top notch grinds. Fat Choy, I'll be seeing you soon.
5	Anyone heard of Eureka casino? Well you better get your butts there ASAP!  We just had one of the best meals ever at Fat Choy!Pork belly baos and duck baos are amazing!  The pork belly practically melts in your mouth.  The duck was moist and topped with crispy skin.  The portion is more than generous - each bao is the size of my fist.Warm sesame noodles were well-seasoned and garnished with wild mushroom, cucumber and carrots. Paid extra to add pork belly.Probably would not order the pot stickers again. The proportions of the sesame oil-soy sauce are a bit off. Too much oil. Thank you 100 flavor Coke machine!  My custom lime diet dr pepper made me happy!Tip - don't forget to check out the specials on the blackboard!  It's kinda hidden to the left of the entrance, and since we sat at the counter, our backs were to it.  There was a pork belly BLT and a bone marrow special.  I'm coming for you next time, bone marrow!!
5	When you drive past Eureka casino, you never expect to find such a gem inside. My friend and I decided to share a couple of things because everything sounded so good. We got sesame noodles, duck bao, and the short rib grilled cheeseSesame noodles: I kind of expected the flavor to be a little more subtle. There's actually a lot going on in this bowl. Once you start eating it, it gets a addicting and you just want some more.Short rib grilled cheese: I was probably most excited for this one. I really liked the combination of the buttery bread and salty meat, but I do think tht the meat was a little too salty.Duck bao: I absolutely love duck. It looks very simple but when you bite into this one, it's something else. The duck was a little too crispy, but it was still great and really went well the the outside part cause it was so soft.The service: our waitress was so nice! She made sure we were satisfied and added little tidbits. I really loved how friendly she was. She gave a great vibe.If you want good cheap food with an awesome atmosphere you need to come try this place.
4	This restaurant now offers a Sunday only brunch menu.  There were no other diners during our entire visit so finding a table did not present a major problem.  My wife ordered a traditional eggs Benedict while I sought gold by choosing the Fat Benedict.  The latter is served with pork belly rather than the traditional Canadian bacon. Each was as close to perfection as possible - toasted English muffins, easy over eggs and a delicious Hollandaise sauce.  Both came with freshly prepared home fries.  Our server was very friendly and took care of all our needs.  Prior to departing we had the opportunity to talk to and compliment the chef.
4	Oh Fat Choy! Please and Thank You! The guys and I went out for a casual pre-gaming style meal and decided on Fat Choy. All reviews lead to a yes decision, and it was validated by the great food choices and fun, casual atmosphere.When I tell you that it was 6 guys and we ate most everything on the menu.. it's no exaggeration. We had everything from the duck, pork belly and tofu bao to the short rib grilled cheese, and homemade won ton soup... AND bone marrow as well as peanut butter mousse dessert. Dude. So delicious. Fat Choy  is located in the Eureka Casino, and that's an interesting location for sure... But we will definitely be back for the delicious chow ! Happy Eating!
5	I was there to try the bao and it didn't disappoint. Both pork belly and Peking duck are great. A must try! The lady at the counter is warm and informative as well, hehe.
4	I knew I was going into a casino so I was not too fussed as I walked through the dark smoky slot machines. When the very friendly waitress gave me the menu my heart fell. This is not an Asian restaurant per se but we were tired and starving and I was not in the mood to find another place. The menu is small (which is my preference) and offers a few starters, a few Asian inspired and a few sandwiches. We ordered potstickers while we were figuring out what else we wanted and they were quite possibly the best potstickers I have ever had in my life (handmade daily from the chef's grandmother's recipe).I ordered the Duck with rice, my son ordered the pork belly sandwich and both were delicious. Seriously delicious!The wait staff were great. All in all, a great choice for lunch :)
4	Fat Choy is such a neat little oddity in the Eureka Casino. I ate there with two friends and we shared everything. The only miss were the dumplings. Anything with duck in it was grand. The Fat Choy Burger was delightful. As far as adult beverages, FC only serves beer, but there is a full bar right outside the restaurant, and our server had no problem with us bringing in beverages from there. Which makes you think it would be quite easy to be a little sneaky and BYOB. Overall, FC is great, cheap option in a head-scratching location.
5	5 stars all the way for the bun baos!! and the awesome service!!!hidden gem in at the Eureka Hotel...the bun baos were DELICIOUS!! they had the pork belly and peking duck baos--i enjoyed the duck baos the best bc I got parts of the crispy skin....YUM... Also ordered the marrow (i dont recommend it because I hardly got any), the sesame noodles which was nice and flavorful and light - not very heavy and my friends ordered the burger, which came with the patty, bacon, eggs and korean galbi...Definitely coming back next time I am in vegas for the bun baos - I wanted to order some to take with me but it wouldnt have been the same as eating it fresh there!
4	Our locally-based friend and Las Vegas Weekly didn't "steer" us wrong when recommending this Asian American restaurant. We enjoyed generously-sized tender beefy hamburgers inside the tiny non-descript Eureka casino. Secret sauce recipe is on the wall! The burgers were so juicy, we needed extra napkins to wipe our fingers and wrists. We also tried the pork belly bao buns, which were a tasty novelty. The pork belly had a good fat to meat ratio and had a nicely crisp exterior. We brought an order of the duck baos for my friend's two kids and they scarfed down the baos so quickly we didn't even get to try a tiny bit! A few of the positive things about Fat Choy aside from the damn good food - it wasn't pricey (average price for a great burger), there was no wait, the server was experienced, parking was super easy and we didn't get lost once we were inside the casino. The negative - there weren't a lot of customers, so the server disappeared into the kitchen for long stretches of time. I needed a water refill and extra napkins. I ended up draining both glasses of water on the table, before she came back. Since the food we ate was pretty damn good, we would definitely go back and try some of Asian items on the menu!
4	This was definitely an interesting experience. I had read a lot about this joint from LV Weekly and Seven so I decided to jive it a try with an Asian friend. I was surprised at just how American the menu was with really small Asian "twists" added. They also have a few daily specials on the menu, one of which was a duck French toast which is what my friend had. I had the spare rib grilled cheese. There was nothing amazing about the sandwich, but for $8 or so it was a good value. I did have a hard time picking from other items on the menu, always a good sign. The big WOW for me was the service, our server who was the only front of house employee on this Sunday was really friendly and knowledgable. She really plugged the restaurant well and offered to give my guest a to-go cup of her beverage. I was really blown away at how friendly she was, she most likely could provide this same service in a fine dining restaurant!Ill be back for the service, cheap food on the menu and close location to the strip and downtown.
3	Would've given 5 stars had the salad not been just a few pieces of wilted lettuce. Also if you're going to offer salad, put it in a separate container. Also, the chef forgot to put the potatoes in my breakfast order.Besides that, fair value (I was using a coupon) really great service, smaller place than I expected. May or may not go back. Do enjoy that they have the freestyle Coca-Cola machine.
5	So glad I got to try Fat Choy's! Another great lunch with my friend and fellow Yelper Dyanna!Fat Choy's has a small, but tasty menu. They offer several different types of bao filled with duck to crispy pork belly to soft shell crab.On today's visit I ordered the special soft shell crab bao and a garden salad. The soft shell crab was so tasty. It had a perfectly fried crab, cucumber, micro greens, and hosin sauce. Very yummy! I can't wait to try their other bao's on my next visit.Dyanna got the teryaki chicken and the short rib grilled cheese. OMG the short rib grilled cheese is to die for!!! The sauce and cheese meld perfectly together. She also let me try the teryaki chicken and it had a great sauce not to sweet at all.Fat Choy's is a great hole in the wall place! Don't let the fact that it's in the Eureka Casino steer you off. It's totally worth it for the food! The staff and the Chef could not be nicer! It was very cool that we got to meet him. I will be back soon for sure! Yummy!
3	Tough to review a restaurant like Fat Choy.  The food was overall good.  The ambience was terrible.  I think there are some restaurants where the food is so exceptional that the ambience doesn't matter.  Fat Choy doesn't fall in that category.  The restaurant is in a pretty sketchy part of town where the parking lot isn't secure with guards.  You step into the Eureka Casino and all you smell is cigarette smoke.  But then you walk into Fat Choy and find a cute diner with diner servers.  Our server was incredibly friendly and nice.  I was initially concerned that both servers were older American ladies who didn't look like they really understood Chinese food, but they certainly made up for it with their friendly service.  Interestingly the owner was walking in and out of the restaurant but she completely lacked any personality.  We were sitting between two tables who were trying to compliment her on the restaurant and some chef award that he husband won.  It was shocking to see how disengaged she was with these fans.Fortunately the food was tasty.  We had several orders of the duck bun and an unbelievable pork bun.  The grilled cheese was pretty good too.  Prices were a bit on the high side for what we got and for the location.  I doubt that we'll return.  Hopefully they bring back their truck!!!
4	I woke up Saturday morning to the Cooking Channel playing Restaurant Makeover for a Chinese restaurant.  The food, especially the bao on the show, looked amazing.  "Bao" is short for "baozi", which is also know as "pau" in some countries, and is a steamed filed bun or bread.  We hit the movies before heading out in search of bao, and afterward my husband suggested that we finally try Fat Choy on East Sahara.  It is located inside the Eureka Casino.The sign on the parking lot side says Fat Choy is Yum Yum, which I thought was adorable.  When we walked in, the casino was quite nice inside and the restaurant took up the corner portion of the place.  It has enough seating, with booths, tables, and counter seats.  Everything is clean and well kept.  When we walked in our server came over, handed us the menu, and gave us a run down of the specials.  The specials, of course, were bone marrow ($8), shrimp toast, and pork belly BLT.We ordered quite a bit for our first try, grabbing a few orders or pork bao, pork belly BLT, grandma's potstickers, and bone marrow.  The time between ordering and delivery was the average wait time, about 10-12 minutes.  We were quite excited when the 2 ordesr of bao arrived.  The pork belly is braised overnight and topped with crushed peanuts, cilantro, pickled greens, and the sauce.  The bun was fluffy, fresh, and had a hint of sweet that went really well with the salty-sweet pork.  The skin was slightly crispy and that sauce--oh the sauce--was just umami.  It contained all the Asian tastes you expect--salty, sweet, sour, a hint of spicy, and very aromatic.  The pork was juicy and had that great texture one expects from a good braised pork belly.  I ordered another pair because I could not get enough.The next stop was the bone marrow, which usually is a good size bone with toast points.  Because the bone was small, chef provided 2 of them for our meal.  What surprised me with this bone marrow dish was the onion compote on the bone marrow.  It had a hint of sweet and sour to it, which was just great to balance that rich bone marrow underneath.  With plenty of bread to use, the marrow was devoured in minutes.Our potstickers arrived to the table, looking nice and golden on the bottoms and served with some shallot soy dipping sauce.  Growing up, I loved eating potstickers for dinner, but I was not fortunately enough to have handmade ones with a shallot dipping sauce.  The pork inside is perfectly seasoned and that golden brown base gives it a nice, crispy texture that soaks up the shallot soy sauce.  I dredged the dipping sauce with a bitten piece just to soak the inside of my potsticker with the sweet and salty sauce.  It was delicious.The main course arrived--a pork belly BLT.  I love bacon, lettuce, and tomato with mayo, but to add some braised pork belly on top of the bacon?!?  That is insanely delicious.  The BLT is served in between two pieces of white toast, so the bread itself is crispy, then biting through the lettuce into the crispy bacon, you hit this layer of soft, salty goodness that only pork belly can provide.   Given that bacon is cured pork belly, having the fatty, juicy slice of pork belly on bacon is a totally different experience.  It's greasy in a good way, with that soft, pull apart texture, and when you chew on that first bite, you swear that all this pork will kill you as you walk out the door--but with a smile on your face.  If you want a break from all the richness of the sandwich, bite down on the salad served with it (or fries, if you prefer) that's tossed in a balsamic dressing.  That sour note almost acts as a palate cleanser for the next bites.Sundays are brunch days at Fat Choy, and a few things on the menu that I had to try were: wonton soup, chicken and waffles, and the chicken teriyaki bowl.  Everything was fantastic!After eating another massively successful meal, all three of us hobbled to the car, tummies full, only to skip dinner that evening because the food was plentiful at Fat Choy. My mother raved about it and we made a promise to take Father next weekend.  I don't know how long I can stay away from this place.  I may just go there this evening in search of a few orders of pork belly bao and some chicken teriyaki.  If you see me at the counter with a few plates in front of my face, don't judge.  It's just that good.
3	Let us all bow our heads as a star has died for this review.  Yes, I unfortunately have to retract a star after last night's terrible service at Fat Choy.  The food was good, but the service was just terrible.  We sat down at a booth where there were four other tables and a 6 top taken.  For this place with one cook in the back, it must have been very overwhelming, because our food took 42 minutes to get to us.  That being said, our table remained piled with dishes, drinks were never refilled, and after a TWO HOUR DINNER at Fat Choy, most of that time in waiting, I waived the white flag and approached the counter to pay for my bill while we waited for our last order of bao to come out.The bao this evening was slightly different, heavier on the pickled greens, folded in cold bao instead of steamed bun, fingerprints of sauce on the buns from the cook, and it lacked the crushed peanuts on top.  Our potstickers were more greasy than our first two times at Fat Choy, and those took an additional 30 minutes because the server failed to write our order down properly the first time.  With that being said, we will seek out another bao place in town.  Service is everything to me, and after last night, this place is not worth returning to if the service and quality of food can be that inconsistent.
5	I absolutely loved this place! My husband and I went to Vegas this past weekend with some friends and before leaving sin city we wanted to have some good yet cheap food and this was perfect! It's located in a small casino and when we first walked in, we got a bit scared, it was such a small place! But the food did not disappoint. We ordered the pork belly bao, soft shell crab bao, peking duck bao, wonton soup, chicken and waffles, eggs benedict with pork belly, and a pancakes and sausage breakfast. For 5 of us the bill came out to be $75 including tip! Oh and we ordered coffee too. Everything was delicious! The only thing that was just "ok" were the pancakes and waffles. We can't wait to come back!
5	Fat Choy set the bar high with their pork belly & Peking duck bao's.  It is a very nice restaurant situated in the center of the Eureka Casino.  They also  have tv's conveniently placed around the restaurant.  Definitely a must try if you thought about visiting.
3	Start this journey with a short walk through the smoke filled older style casino. Lucky it was only a short walk cuz the stale cigarette smell was a bit overwhelming. I had the pork belly and duck bao. You get 2 with each order for  $7 an order, I thought it was a bit much for such small bites. Flavors were good on both and I would say the pork belly was a little better. The duck was crispy but all the flavor was in the sauce not from the duck meat. The rest of the menu doesn't have many options but there was a special board I noticed on the way out, it wasn't pointed out when I was handed the menu. The server was very nice and efficient so definitely a plus for service.
4	Yes, the Eureka Casino is a dump, but who cares?? Even the nicest casino is still just a money- sucking corporate monster. This little spot is a gem. It was my birthday and I wanted badly to get over here to try the bao and the short rib grilled cheese so my girl and I left our suite in the Cosmo and headed out to the hood.. Service was a little slow but so worth it. The pork belly bao is one of the finest morsels of delectability I've ever tasted. Soft, sweet, smoky and tangy...it alone is worth a visit. Pot stickers were money, shortrib grill cheese an absolute smash hit also, 2+ kinds of cheese with super tender braised short ribs shredded on top of the cheeses. Damn, I want another one now. Our server Val was super friendly and attentive. Easy access to cheap cheap booze at the bar about 10 steps outside the restaraunt. $3.50 for a jack and coke. I used to live in this part of town and if Fat Choy had been in here then, I might have never left. Actually that's not true....the apartments behind the Hilton are only for the very broke and brave.
4	I went to Fat Choy at the end of November when I was visiting my brother. The restaurant is located in a old and small hotel on the northern area of the strip in old Las Vegas. I hate to say it but the area is less than to be desired. The decor in the restaurant is not the greatest but I went there for the food which I hear is really good. I ordered the pork belly bao and the sesame noodles. I have to say that both dishes were really good and for the price point you can't beat it. The only thing about the pork belly bao I wish they did was to have more hoisin sauce. Other than that, my experience was outstanding and would recommend it to anyone.
4	Went to this place because it was on top 5 restaurant on eater for best in LV this year, so had to try it. Strangest location ever for a great restaurant, in a small casino on Sahara.When we walked in it looked like a burger diner. Red shiny diner seats and booths on the side. Had a cool soda machine, it had push buttons on the machine for different sodas and such. Seemed like they had 12 different sodas. Pretty awesome to see haven't seen that much.Tried a little of everything and tried as many dishes as we could:Shrimp toast with egg was amazing. A simple dish but done perfectly and i was highly impressedRoasted marrow with toasted bread was cooked perfect. They leave it in the bone of course and its a good serving size especially for marrow. Its not healthy so don't want too much anyway. It tastes amazing on top of the toasted bread.Pork belly and duck boa were both great. Bao's were perfectly cooked and i really can say they did a great job with both dishes. Duck and pork belly were cooked to perfection and flavored just the right amount.Sesame noodles was our last dish and it had the right amount of ingredients and the sesame oil was just the right amount. If you have ever cooked with sesame oil, you know that a little goes a long way and cooking with it is not easy. Dish full of veggies so made me feel a little better and if had the marrow and shrimp toast...healthy eating?Would have been a 5 star but to me you need that WOW factor and i didn't get it as much as i think a 5 star deserves. Like i said strange location but bring you glock and go enjoy some great food.
5	Duck rice is phenomenal.....   Yum! I loved the scallion ginger crunchies.  The crispy duck bao and pork belly bao are always a fave. Now today's special on the pork belly blt was like WHOA ....  Get it
4	This joint has some of the most brilliant dishes you'll find in the downtown area. It also wins the dubious award for very-best-food-in-the-very-worst-location. I mean the Eureka Casino is a wretched old haunt with decades of stale smoke and failed dreams layered into its sad old casino floor. Hold your breath and walk straight into the restaurant, where the Fat Choy gang has done a fine job creating a fun, retro vibe. Indeed, the charm of the place is its comfy throw-back appeal. The menu is straight up comfort food--some of it Asian (baos, dumplings, noodles), some of it not even close (burgers, grilled cheese). I love that there's no attempt to "fuse" the two together or come up with a clever concept for the coexistence of east and west dishes. The menu is simply a list of wonderfully soulful and homey dishes, end of story. What matters most, of course, is the execution, and Fat Choy gets it right. The pork belly bao is perfection, a brilliant combination of fluffy steamed bun, succulent pork, crispy skin, and a nice bit of tart mustard gremolata. Whoever knows knows that whoever put that together knew what they were doing, with all the parts working together to create a mouth bomb of tastes and textures--soft, luscious, crispy, and bright. The duck in the duck rice has been confit'ed to a melting buttery softness. The short rib grilled cheese may be the absolute ultimate in stoner comfort food. You could fall asleep in that thing and never wake up. I haven't tried everything yet, but everything I have tried has been spot on. I just wrote a review of "eat," where I complained that it over-promises and under-delivers. Fat Choy under-promises and over-delivers! This is unpretentious food prepared with love and passion, and so it needs to be celebrated not just for that reason but because precious few places achieve this level of integrity. The wait staff are always personable and attentive, I should add. I can't think of a more welcoming restaurant, which makes it odd that its located in such an unwelcoming building. Get thee to Fat Choy!
2	Ordered the pork bao & duck bao to go just now.  Arrived at the hotel and the duck in my bao was just a tiny bit larger than a quarter! For $7 For 2, I definitely expected more than bread & pickles... was the cheat because we were doing takeout? Wonder who the chef was today. Pretty shady.
5	I was thoroughly impressed by the food, and totally surprised by the 50s decor, at Fat Choy. Was completely expecting a little  hole in the wall (being it's housed in the Eureka Casino) but it's well lit with a playful ambiance. The duck bao was delicious- crispy and incredibly balanced. I loved the crunch of the cucumber too and the flavor of the green onion. A must have.... Our very sweet server suggested the short rib grilled cheese, being that it was a staple on the menu and it was our first visit... It's phenomenal! The tender short rib is fantastic and the cheese had that melty comfort required to nail a grilled cheese. We also tried the sesame noodles and while they were tasty, they were a little spicy for my taste and wish I was forewarned. #whiner I can't wait to come back and try more items. This place is a new favorite!
5	Eureka Casino? Where's that? Fat Choy still retains the diner look of its predecessor but it's definitely an upgrade from Sheridan Su's former location in a salon. I've been craving baos all week made worse by a friend who posted a photo of homemade Momofoku-inspired baos. After being turned away at Bacchanal, I turned to Yelp in search of baos.We ordered both the duck & pork belly baos (one order is $7 and codes with two baos). I love the duck's crispy skin with the special sauce (the recipe is actually displayed on the wall). The pork belly is braised overnight for 6 hours and is perfectly tender. It's served with mustard greens. My fiance doesn't typically like sour notes in his food but he found the mustard greens to be the perfect counterpoint to the sweet sauce. We also ordered the Fat Choy burger which comes with a half pound beef patty, shredded short rib, bacon, and topped with a fried egg! I only had a bite but it was pretty heavy with fatty goodness. This is one of the best surprise meals I've had in a long time. I wish they simplified the decor to something clean and classic but the shiny red diner seats won't deter me from going. And it doesn't seem to deter other Yelpers. The food is just so good that I'd love to see them expand. Don't forget to check the board for specials. I was really looking forward to roasted bone marrow & forgot about it until I saw it on the board while walking out. We definitely will be back!
5	This place is really cool, hence the five stars. I can see myself becoming a regular here. I've only been here once, so I will update this review several times before I'm done. But the first experience I had was delightful. I walked in on a busy Friday night and was dismayed to see one waitress and one cook (he was Black! hehe) but shame on me for jumping to conclusions! The waitress was super friendly, everything arrived acceptably, and we were in and out within an hour. Kudos and + stars to the staff! The food is quirky but it tastes great. I got the Fat Choy burger, it's topped with short ribs and egg. Yummy! Awesome drunk food, so filling. But next time I will ask for the lettuce and tomato on the side. My handsome date had the chicken teriyaki bowl. He thoroughly enjoyed it, but I thought it was seriously lacking flavor, very Americanized and bland. But he liked it. Thank goodness I read the Yelp reviews before ordering. We also had the shrimp toast (yum!) and a HUGE garden salad that was just okay. I can't wait to come back and try the roasted bone marrow, duck bao, and delicious desserts that come from their Eureka casino in Mesquite. Thanks Yelp! This time you did not disappoint!
4	Our first meal upon arrival to Las Vegas, even before we checked into our Hotel... Service here is very friendly and the food just amazing.We had the Shrimp Toast with bold flavors of the sausage and you could taste the garlic on the toast.My son had the Fat Choy Burger, such good burger patty, well seared with the fried egg on top, very well done burger.I had the short rib rice and let me tell you, that short rib had to be one of the most tender and delicious I've ever had. served also with a little salad on the side which is lightly dressed.Last but not least, we split the Duck Bao! Oh My! soft little pillow "tacos" :) with crunchy duck skin and soft tender duck meat, fresh little "salad" all in one little package...To drink we had a "Gummy Bear" soda and a Peach mellow yellow.Can you believe our bill was only around $40! incredible.
5	Pork bao is so good! Can't believe something so tasty could come out of a casino I've never herd of!! But when it comes to the duck bao, I could pass and go for another pork one. Yummers!
3	After parking your car and before entering the Eureka Casino take a deep breath, pinch your nose, and hold it for about 5-10 secs or at least until you take a seat in Fat Choy.  The smell of smoke from BBQ is good, the smell of smoke from cigarettes/casino is bad. I never made it to the tiny Great Bao location so this was first experience eating any of the chef's creations.  I remember seeing him on TV and enjoyed his story so I felt like I had to try his food. On my 1st time the bad casino smoke did a number on me, my eyes were irritated, I had a bad taste in my mouth, and my nose was stuffed. I sat as far as I could away from the entrance but it still had the smell. I originally went with some short rib dish which was about $14 but then I saw that there some pork belly tacos on a chalk board menu for $7 and had them change it.  It was 3 pork belly tacos, slaw, salsa, and fries. I wasn't a fan of any of it, maybe it was the smoke still messing it up. The pork belly pieces were pretty dry and tasted just like cooked unseasoned pork belly. The slaw tasted like the one from KFC which I didn't mine but expected more.  The salsa was bad and fries came out almost at the end when I was almost already done.  Actually I didn't feel like I would ever be back after this visit. The 2nd time here went better, joined some friends for dinner. I went away from their special chalkboard menu and ordered the fat choy burger. Most of the tables went with their various signature dishes which included the fat choy burger, short rib grilled cheese, bao, etc. The fat choy burger was enjoyable but I wasn't wowed. It was a 1/2 burger, short rib,  bacon, a fried egg, and the burger usually ingredients between a bun. You'd think with ingredients like that in a burger it would be a freaking amazing but it wasn't for me. I've had better for the similar price. I think it was about $10.The 3rd time, whenever it happens, will hopefully be the charm lol. I won't try the short rib grilled cheese, don't think I'll like it but not a big grilled cheese fan and it didn't look I'll like it. Maybe I'll stick with their money item the bao, which for some reason I still haven't had even when I've been meaning to try. The only difficult part is I just have to decide on which baos I'm getting. I also have to remind myself to hold my breath while walking through the casino.Their menu and the pictures posted look good. The staff is friendly and the environment is good, besides the smokiness which I heard has gotten better. But for now I have to give them a 3 point something, 3 1/3, 3.33333 with the bar on top Star which is still good, it's Ok and a lot better than that 2 star meh.There's some drawings on the wall, it's not fancy but includes things of their past. Double check for specials either on the wall or social media, I'm sure they'll let you know but just in case they don't.Thinking about it I believe I already been here for a 3rd time but I don't remember it. lol
5	i dig it
5	Fat choy is one of those gems that I almost feel bad about sharing. Go for the baoThe pork belly bao features crisp, juicy pieces of pork belly that drips lusciously after your first bite creating a harmony of flavors. The duck bao is wonderful for fulfilling my Peking duck craving but do not want to order a whole Peking duck. The orders come 2 buns per order. It's a must eat when I go to Vegas.
4	An Asian themed diner located inside a small casino called Eureka. Very bizarre. I will definitely return for the bao though. For those of you unfamiliar with baos, a bao is a steamed bun with some sort of filling (associated with Chinese cuisine).Tried both the duck and pork belly bao. Delicious! The pork belly was braised perfectly, melt in your mouth tender, and I loved the crispy skin on the duck. I prefer the pork belly bao over the duck bao, but it's all subjective. The short rib grilled cheese was ok, not great. The short rib was on the drier side, and I wasn't a fan of the tomato sauce that came with it. Maybe they could incorporate different cheeses instead of just using cheddar cheese.
4	I feel bad because I happened to come here when I was on my way out of Vegas, with the thought of running to the airport on my mind and affecting my appetite. The restaurant is in the strangest, smallest casino, but it adds to the quirkiness. It's actually fun how bright it is compared to the dim casino.The server was very kind and we ordered quickly. The soft drinks are HUGE here! We got the bone marrow to start and then I got the Short Rib Grilled Cheese and my bf got the Pork Belly BLT. The marrow was delicious. Not the best I've ever had but very good quality and flavor for the price. The two entrees, very rich. We looked like jerks only being able to eat half of each sandwich, but after the Jan 1 hangover and barely eating, our stomachs could only handle so much. I enjoyed the grilled cheese, and really loved that it had the dipping sauce. It gave the illusion of tomato soup without having the tomato soup. I also like how they use shoestring fries. I'd definitely like to try this place again, and am super bummed I could only eat half of my sandwich (I craved it during the flight). It's definitely a unique take on food in a different location. Worth the short drive off the strip!
4	Food is EPIC. The only reason I give this place 3 stars is because it is in the middle of NOwhere. If you take a taxi there, don't depend on a taxi to get you back - they won't come!!!! It's in a pretty seedy area so drive yourself so you're sure to get back to mainland Vegas - we waited an hour to escape after our meal. About the food: so so good. Highlights/must tries are the short rib grilled cheese, the burgers and the housemade dumplings - all phenomenal!!!Definitely worth checking out - just make sure you have your own transportation. Hopefully the chef will find a better location for his next endeavor, he's super talented!
5	This review is strictly on the PORK BELLY BAO.It is absolutely amazing. The PORK BELLY BAO is 5 stars hands down...if anything, it should be 6 stars because its that bloody hell guud.The texture, the way the fat touches and melts in your mouth, the aromatic smell, the plating, every single thing about the PORK BELLY BAO was delicious.So luxurious, so scrumptious, so heavenly. the most amazing PORK BELLY BAO that I have ever tasted.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
5	Tough decision but the Fat Choy burger is my new #1 burger.I did a search on Yelp Talk in Las Vegas for best burger, and from the multitude of recommendations, I chose to try Fat Choy.  Their burger did not disappoint...  If you fancy yourself a burger aficionado, you must try theirs!Fat Choy is a Chinese fusion diner tucked away in the Eureka casino.  The unassuming ambience did not undermine my experience...What is in the burger?  1/2 lb burger patty, braised short rib, cuts of bacon, subtle sweet sauce, fried egg, and a sweet bun (?).  Also comes with lettuce and tomato.  Enough short rib but not overpowering the patty--good balance.  Crispy cuts of bacon adds a crunchy texture on some bites.  Many burgers that come with bacon don't serve crispy bacon.  Instead you take a bite and hope you shear of a clean piece of bacon, but what usually happens is you can't bite off the bacon and end up eating almost the entire strip of bacon in that one mouthful.  Fat Choy cooks the bacon to a crisp and cuts the bacon into squares.  No need to battle with the bacon for a bite sized piece.  While  bacon is not listed on the menu description of the burger, I found the crunchy texture to be a wonderful surprise.    The color of the bun was either a potato or a sweat bread bun.  Bun--sweet and soft.  My favorite type of bun...In many ways, a perfect burger...Service was terrific. Diane was friendly, outgoing, and charismatic. Askd many times how i was doing...  I am definitely returning to Fat Choy on future visits to Vegas.  I might even try other options such as the pork belly bao which is highly touted in many reviews...
3	heard a lot of good things about this place, had to give it a trystarted with pork belly sliders, a nice choice, although I think I will try duck ones next visitbuddy had the fat choy burger and really enjoyed the short rib and fried egg toppingagain, I should have opted for the duck, but went with a safe choice of won ton with noodles.....nothing special, wontons were good, but not spectacularto be fair, I will have to come again and try some of the other dishes that are toutedplace is pretty inexpensive, so will have to make sure I am hungrier so I can order a few dishes next time!
3	Good service but the food was just ok. Had the pork belly which was really fatty and the wonton soup which didn't have that much flavor.
3	I was really excited to finally eat here after reading so many great reviews. Unfortunately for me, the food was just average, nothing spectacular. The restaurant itself is tucked in right in the Eureka Casino. There aren't very many choices on the menu, nothing really caught my eye, I admit that I settled on eating here. It was way past lunch time and I was starving like Marvin. I finally decided to order the sesame noodles. They were decent, not memorable but they had a bit of a kick which was perfect, not too spicy and not too bland. Food took a little bit longer than expected but the waitress was very nice and attentive.I wouldn't go out of my way just to eat here again. I think the best part of the meal was the dessert and the variety of coke flavors they have.
4	A bright gem tucked into an otherwise dark space.I almost did a double take when I saw where this restaurant was located - tucked inside the Eureka Casino just on the edge of the commercial center.  Its certainly not the nicest part of town (and that is putting it nicely), but in a way this is something that I liked about the space.  Its in the heart of the city, and like any city not all of it is pretty and glamorous.  Also, rest assured, the parking lot is well lit and there is a good security presence such things go awry.Once inside Fat Choy, it does a decent job establishing its own unique brand outside of the normal casino cafe.  The room has personality that matches its menu.  Our waitress was nice and had a lot of knowledge about the menu.  She recommended the Pork Bao, the duck fried rice, and the special - bone marrow.  I happily ordered all three.The Pork Bao, a delicious piece of pork wrapped in dough and smothered in relish and peanuts was something out of food lover's day-dream.  The moment I took my first bite I forgot everything about the seedy casino we were sitting in.  I was instantly happy with my choice to dine here.  And I quickly asked for another order as soon as she could bring it.The duck fried rice was a wonderful mix of rice, perfect duck leg, and salad greens.  I ordered it with a fried egg on top, again from the waitresses recommendation.  Really good flavors.Lastly, the bone marrow.  I'd read you had to order it when it was on special, and I followed direction.  It was much better than I though, a half-ox bone cooked well and smoothed in sauce.  It comes with a side of fresh toast to spread the marrow on.  It was meatier than I expected, with FULL flavor.  Surprising and unique.I plan on coming back just for this bright gem.  If you want to try something new, brave the location and give this a try.
5	Had the .Chinese  New Year menu . It was especially, tasty and flavorful . I could not finish it all. My favorite part of the 7 course meal was the duck salad and black pepper filet . The red bean soup was tasty and traditional . look forward to many more special menus .  I love Fat Choy you always get more than your money's worth.
4	I got an H/T on this spot by a friend and then saw it listed on the "Eater 38" so I couldn't wait to try it, and it did not disappoint.  The wife and I ordered and split the short rib grilled cheese with salad and the sesame noodle bowl.  It was a perfect lunch for two.  In fact, that short rib and cheese has got to be one of the best sandwiches in town; it was simply amazing.  Added bonus: excellent service and good prices.  Can't wait to go back and sample more dishes.
5	Man, this is living.It was Sunday. I hardly ever eat breakfast but for some reason I was craving protein. I remembered that Sheridan at Fat Choy had a great kalbi steak and eggs dish. So I drove over and ordered it.It was the best Sunday I've had in months.The beef was gorgeously grilled and flavorful. The eggs were the perfect compliment.  The dish comes with potatoes, toast or salad; I had salad.Along with a pot of delicious green tea. I was in heaven.Fat Choy is unquestionably one of the great gifts on the local restaurant scene; Sheridan is an artist who uses only the best ingredients on his culinary canvases.Anyone who loves food and sees it more as a consumable art than as a mundane necessity, should journey to the Temple of Fat Choy.
4	Great little hole in the wall spot in the Eureka Casino on Tropicana. The Pork Belly Bao and Peking Duck Bao were amazing. Also had the Sesame Noodles which were really good as well.  I Definitely recommend this place.
5	Second visit here in as many trips. Getting to be a "must have" when coming to Vegas. Can't get enough of the pork belly baos! Also tried the duck bao and buffalo wings on this trip. Everything is delicious! Service good too! We'll be back........soon!
5	I've been wanting to come back since the last time I came to lunch here with friend and fellow Yelper Dyanna L. Since it was my birthday, my Dad wanted to take me out to lunch and I knew this would be the spot to take both him and Joel! Boy, I was right! Still totally sticking with my 5 stars. Wish I could give more it was that good. This time we split the Duck Bao. The duck was tender and had a little piece of skin! Can you say PERFECT! It's so hard to pick what you want here. Cause I want ALL the things. I went with the special, which was the PBBLT. It was Pork Belly with Bacon, lettuce, tomato and a spicy aioli on Sourdough Bread and a side salad. Joel got the Short Rib Grilled Cheese with Fries. He can not stop talking about this sandwich! He said it's not just the best Grilled Cheese he has ever had, but most likely the best sandwich he'll ever have!!!My Dad had the Crispy Duck Leg with Rice. He was so impressed with it all. He cleaned his plate and picked every piece of duck off that leg. The Staff is so friendly and very informative of all the dishes! I have to say if it couldn't get any better they have a Coke 100 machine! So I can have ALL the Diet soda flavors!!! Including my current favorite Coke Zero Cherry! YAY Fat Choy's! I can not wait to be back to eat more of your delicious food!
5	Happiness.I am almost ashamed that, until today, I hadn't ever eaten at Fat Choy. I've heard so much about their food starting from their days as Great Bao inside a hair salon (which, unfortunately, I never visited either). I didn't even have this place on my radar until I learned that a certain awesome sandwich shack on Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming was closed. But when life throws me lemons, I say screw that, I'm going to have a bao.Co-owner and front-of-the-house extraordinaire Jenny Wong greeted me and told me to sit anywhere I'd like. I went to a booth, got a menu, and listened to Jenny explain the specials of the day (and also learned from her focus of vision that the specials are written on a wall near the entrance). When she asked whether I was ready, I responded that I actually was not quite ready to order yet and instead spent the next few minutes on Yelp searching for an idea of what to get as an entree. Then I made my orders.I really wanted to try both the Peking duck and pork belly bao. I did not want to pay $14 for a pair of each, as per the menu. So I asked Jenny if I could have one of each instead. She replied that although they would not honor this request if they had a packed house, they would do it now since they were not busy (or else it would take twice as long to fulfill the one request and they'd fall into a death spiral of sorts). I felt relieved at this point, but not happy yetThe first point at which I felt happy came after my order arrived (and after photo time). I happened to bite into the pork belly bao first. It was absolutely heavenly, both meaty and fatty, and is now the standard by which I will judge other pork bao (note to self: revisit that review of a recently opened ramen restaurant). The Peking duck bao, though very very good as well, was not quite as delightful as the pork bao.I later learned that the special order was priced at $7, the same as if I had picked only the duck or only the pork. Fat Choy is very, very cool.There were a lot of different recommendations on Yelp for an entree. I figured that they could all be right, so I went for a PBBLT with fries because it was a special, and it also seemed to be a solid value at $9. When my entree arrived, my eyes lit up and my mouth formed a smile because I saw that awesome pork belly (hence, PB) in the sandwich.However, that first bite of the PBBLT was when I became really, really happy because of all the flavors and textures in my mouth. The same wonderful pork belly, crunchy-ish bacon (it's pretty thickly cut), greasy grilled was-that-really-wheat-because-I-didn't-notice bread, crunchy and cool lettuce, tomato, and sriracha mayo combined to form a true masterpiece. I didn't even realize the mayo was flavored with sriracha, but it worked wonders. I was very, very happy while eating the PBBLT - at least until my stomach started feeling full about halfway through the 'wich, which unfortunately drained some of the magic.I should have mentioned this one small negative on my feedback card (available at the counter), and hopefully Chef Sheridan or Jenny will read this, but the fries are rather good-average and do not quite match with the other beautiful creations that I enjoyed today. It's not that they were un(der)salted, which was corrected with some salt, but that they don't necessarily complement anything or come with a special condiment. Luckily, I was able to enjoy it with the pork belly and sriracha mayo drippings from my PBBLT, or else I would have had to resort to ruining the experience by actually using that bottle of ketchup, which I most certainly did not want to soil my palate with today. (Minus one star for not anticipating my stomach's desires... just kidding!)Still, the food and the other positives outweigh the negatives. Jenny was very nice and attentive the whole time. The TVs are in HD, and although I don't know what happens when the restaurant fills up, Jenny offered another table the chance to change a channel if they wanted to. The music, I learned from Jenny, is streamed from Pandora, and I really loved some of the "selections," such as fun. and Rise Against. The cigarette smoke is relatively faint and wasn't even noticeable after a few minutes. I also kinda just like the old diner feel with the Asian decorations and the one wall of assorted stuff (a mural of sorts and some article clippings).So yes, overall, I had a very happy time enjoying this meal. Even though I'm normally put off by having things of this price range on too regular a basis, I will probably make myself plenty of excuses to come back and smile once again. If you're any sort of pork lover, you must make your way here posthaste.
4	I tried the famous bao first. It's tasty adventure of flavor and texture. All it is bread with different types of meat in it. I had their bbblt next. It's great tasting with flavorful marinade.  It's bit heavy so be prepared.  They also have healthy choice noodles. This will be my next choice.  Good eating.
5	The bows were amazing. So was the wonton soup. Highly recommend. It's located in a casino, but well worth it.
4	Good for what it is. A refreshing taste of unprocessed food in Vegas. This place is in a sketchy, rundown casino (no card games... just slots)  Park in the back. It's in old town Vegas so you can visit the Pawn Stars ship afterwards. The tiny casino doesn't serve any hard liquor.... only beer. It's a place for foodies... And a group of cargo-short wearing guys.
5	Fantastic!  The Short Rib Grilled Cheese is just as decadent as all of the reviews say.  It would be a shame not to try it once in your life!
5	Great service every time I come here. I go out of my way to come here at least every week. The pork belly and duck baos are delicious and made perfectly.  I wish the dumplings were a bit meatier, kind of skimpy for the price.  Today I ordered the duck fried rice to have for dinner later.
5	Yo Imma let you finish but Fat Choy has one of the best burgers in all of Vegas!!!!Have you ever had a meal so surprisingly good that you had to go full kanye? Well Fat Choy did that to me. Now I'll be honest, fat Choy isn't a place I would've found normally because it's inside the eureka casino, which is one of those off strip casinos that seem to be filled with the same group of anonymous gamblers. The decor is interesting. It's diner style, lots of interesting pictures and a chalkboard with the daily specialNow about that food. There's the pork belly BLT, it's exactly what it sounds like, a BLT with pork belly that's so soft and tender that it's  slap yo mama good. The duck bao was money. I found out after that they started off as a food truck selling that, which makes sense. The piece de resistance is the eponymous fat Choy burger. Im gonna just roll call the ingredients, please try to not drool on the screen: half pound patty, short ribs, bacon, egg, onion jam, plus all the regular burger fixings on a soft bun. I demolished that burger quicker than usain bolt does the 100m. Long story short, this place is filthy good. I love this place, everyone I brought here loves it. Odds are if you read this far you'll love it too
5	The location is a bit rough. But its worth the trip. The service is friendly and efficient. The menu is Asian comfort food. We had the Pork bell bao to start- excellent. For our mains we shared a fat choy burger, duck confit plate and short rib plate. They were all  yum but the duck and burger get major kudos. Go for dessert too!  Definitely will be back despite the neighborhood ;)
5	Went with my BF to try out this spot...so good! Great service,  good cold beer and the pork belly bao is amazing!! The soup was great too! And the duck wow!! Will be back again!
5	I just had a late lunch here with my Mom. We ordered the sesame noodles, grandma's pot stickers and the duck bao. We shared everything and we loved it all! It was the perfect amount of food for us and we left being happy as can be! Tammi Jo was awesome and so sweet. We will definitely come back here and try all the items! It is located in the Eureka casino and it's actually a pretty ok place. The restaurant was decorated very nicely, and I love the red glitter booths, it was super clean and I highly recommend coming here!
4	A friend recommended this place. It's in a little hole in the wall "casino". The service is good, they are all really nice.  I had the fat Choy burger without the egg and it was damn good. Only thing I would have liked more was to have a bit more short rib in the burger.  My friends had the short rib grilled cheese and that rocked as well. We ordered desert I had the chocolate cake dessert which was good with the ice cream. I liked the icing on the cake. My friend had the eclair and it wasn't great a little hard maybe too cold from the refrigerator. My second trip I'm having the chicken and waffle and the sesame noodles. Waffle ordinary nothing specialChicken perfect with great flavorSesame noodles unique flavors but good. A tad bit of heat as well. I think the burger and grilled cheese are must haves.
2	Pork only. No order duck. 15% mandatory tips on the four square iPad.
4	I was surprised to discover this place is located in a casino.  But I don't live in Vegas.  My sis, who does live there, is a fan of their baos (I find always find it funny to hear white people say "bao"), and since Fat Choy was listed as one of the 38 must-go restaurants in Vegas by some website, she took me there on my recent visit.We had the duck bao, pork belly bao, and short rib rice.  Both baos were delicious. However, I'm from the Bay Area where we have constant access to Chinatown so bao is not a unique thing.  You can't really ever go wrong with roast duck, so while the duck bao was great, it was no better than any other duck bao I've had throughout my life.  A generous piece of delicious boneless duck in a steamed chinese bun with a bit of greens, drizzled with hoisin sauce.  Yummy but for $7 for 2 pcs, the price was kinda ouch.  I can get half a roasted duck at a chinese bbq restaurant for less than that.  Still, for the non-Asians in Vegas, I can understand the hype if you've never had something like this.  And I do definitely recommend trying it if you never have.I was more impressed with pork belly, but that's only because that's rarer where I come from.  It was done so well.  Exactly what pork belly should be and far superior to the pork belly dishes I've had at higher-end trendy Asian fusion restaurants.  The short rib rice was great as well.  I wouldn't call it generous but it was enough.  The short ribs were incredibly tender and seasoned wonderfully.  I was afraid it would taste like nothing more than pot roast (which we make at home all the time in the crock pot and which similar beef entrees at a lot of restaurants end up tasting like even though they call it fancier names).  But the ribs surpassed my expectations.  Came over white rice with a side of salad (with the fancy greens--not the cheap lettuce) and some chopped pickled mustard.  That pickled mustard added a lot to the dish for both my sister and me.  If you're not familiar with it, I'm not sure that you'd really appreciate it though.  I honestly don't know that I would go back myself because, as I said, I have access to similar types of food here in the Bay Area and at much cheaper prices.  But I might if I lived in Vegas.  One downside is that since it's in a casino, you can smell the cigarette smoke if you're sitting close to the entrance, and it can be pretty bad.  I am so glad California is more prissy about smoking.The service was really friendly.  Both servers were sweet.  Another yelper said there is a mandatory 15% tip, but I don't think that's true.  When you pay on their tablet credit card swiper, there is a button you can press to add 15%, 20%, or 25% tip, but you don't HAVE to press any of them.  They also had a nice selection of dessert, including root beer floats!  I bought a red velvet cake home for my white boyfriend.  I didn't try it but he liked it. He said it wasn't as sweet as other velvet cakes he's had.
5	I went here w/ some friends for a social lunch thing we have been doing for a couple weeks. The lunch menu is pretty short but dont let that fool you. We all had something different and each dish look good, so theres plenty to chose from. I personally chose the Cheesesteak Sandwich, it had Shortribs, bell peppers and onions, and melted Provolone cheese. I chose this after another in our group selected my initial choice, the Grilled Cheese sandwich (both were incredible for the record, but the grilled cheese had shortrib too, just chopped I believe, I know what Im getting next time!!) there was also a bowl if noodles that I forget the name if but it was also delicious and had a bit of a kick to it, overall the experience was good, the service was good, and the food was better. Def worth a visit or a return visit.
5	If you like duck that has crispy skin, meat that falls apart, and flavors that meld together in your mouth, then you would most likely like this place. Everyone's already listed the highlights of this place, so I won't regurgitate the same review. But, I think what Sheridan does with common items, like buffalo wings, is what makes his food superb. His buffalo wings were probably the best cooked wings i've ever had...crispy on the outside and damn juicy on the inside. You need to come try for yourself.
5	what a find. nice plating and great food. the BAO is the best. you need try that. UNREAL. thanks for YELP that we find this place. service is great. have beer from asia, it is great place to have BAO and beer, BURGER is super. make us want to come back tomorrow. it is that kind place. PLEASE come and you will be happy.....
5	This place is great.  The Bao are delicious, the shortrib grilled cheese with extra tomato compote is rich, delicious and filling, and the lunchtime service is kind, prompt, and helpful.  It might not be in the nicest area, but there is security and the casino staff is nice as well.  Beware the working "girls" in the casino lol.
2	I'm sad to give this place 2 stars bc my husband & I had a great experience the last couple of times when we were here.  We especially loved their baos but  when we ate here recently their baos were different. I had ordered their mushroom & tofu bao & it wasn't the same. If I remember correctly the tofu & mushrooms were cut up but this time they put a slab of tofu which I prefer it cut up & mixed in with the mushrooms. The duck bao didn't taste as flavorful. It took our food about 30-40 mins to come out & the restaurant wasn't even busy. I want the old Great Bao to come back!
5	Hands down the best pork belly bao in Las Vegas!!! The Won Ton Soup also a winner...add noodles for $2 more.  Another champion dish is the sesame noodles....add pork belly!!! Love this place!!!
4	This place is hidden off of the strip in the Eureka hotel and is quite a hole-in-the-wall restaurant. I've heard many good things about this place and had to check it out.The servers were friendly and laid back. And our order was taken promptly and the food came out pretty quick. As for the food itself, I got the fat Choy burger and it was great. It was messy and sloppy and all over my plate and the egg oozed all over, just like how any good burger should be. The fries were fine, crunchy and seasoned. The only negative things were that the burger could've been seasoned better and cooked better.The food left me in a coma and makes me want to take a nap. I recommend Fat Choys.
4	At our lunch of 6 people, almost every dish was polished off.  The duck rice has a piece of duck that seriously falls off of the bone.  Mixing the duck meat with the egg and rice created a creamy, just-enough fatty dish that was hard to resist.  The duck bao was incredibly, finished with hoisen sauce and a sliver of cucumber.  And the grilled cheese with short rib meat was over the moon delicious!  We'll be back!
5	I had lunch here with a friend. We ordered short rib grilled cheese and teriyaki chicken rice and shared them. Both dishes were FANTASTIC! We also shared a red velvet cake dessert that was delicious.Our lunch was at 11am, and we had no issues with smoke drifting in from the casino area. Not sure if it gets worse later on, or if that problem has been rectified. There were 4 other tables of diners and our service was also excellent. I highly recommend this tiny little restaurant!
3	Ordered the shrimp toast, pork belly bao, and the fat choy burger.-shrimp toast: this was actually really good. I would go back for this toast. I wanted to order one more order-pork belly bao: not a fan. The pro belly was toooo crispy. If it wasn't as crispy, it would have been okay. It's eatable, but I wasn't amazed-fat choy burger: I honestly like bachi burger better than this. This is just a regular burger with an egg added. If you're going there to try their burger, I recommend to go to bachi instead. Overall the service was good and the food was just okay. Not amazing not bad.
4	Setting: Looks like a hip diner on the inside. The only eatery in the Eureka casino. It was lunchtime and I was hungry.Food: Grabbed the duck & rice. It was definitely tasty and nicely portioned for a hungry stomach.Service: Only 1 waiter but she was great. Always checked in on me and refilled my water promptly.Final Word: I'd definitely go back if I was in the area.
5	I had the pork belly bao and it was so damn good I'm already planning my return trip!This little diner is inside a small of the strip casino in a not so great neighborhood but that is beside the point just go,eat and be happy!
4	Read about this online before our trip to Vegas and so glad we went!  The Pork belly Bao was SO amazing.  I wanted to eat 5 of them.  The Grandma's potstickers were really great as well and the short ribs melted in your mouth.  We didn't try the burger but it looked fabulous.  One of our best meals in Vegas and it was nice to get away from the craziness and flash of the strip for a bit.  The only downside for us was trying to get back to our hotel without a car.  They *called* a cab which never came so we ended up walking 30 minutes in 100 degree weather until we found a cab at another casino closer to the strip.If you have a car, definitely go there...awesome!
4	Ok so it's in a pretty random location but the best finds usually are. Perfect place to park your butt after a late night on the town for some Peking Duck Bao which is amazing. I also had Sesame Noodles which were fantastic as well. Has a small deli kinda feel but the service is top notch. I will not leave town without making another visit to this place. Yummy !
4	We've been trying to make it here for breakfast before we reviewed Fat Choy, but I give up. Been here twice for Bao and lunch, and really enjoyed both visits. First time, we went with a group of 4, and the second was just two of us. I love the duck bao, and will definitely go back just for cravings of that one wonderful bite. It's in the Eureka, and if you don't know what you're looking for, you might have a hard time finding it from the outside.The prices are great, and it's a perfect place for a lunch/brunch/snack while you're a bit busy, but refuse to be rushed. Pros:- The food is great, and the prices make it affordable to come back, and try something new often.- Cozy little restaurant that's not pretentious or fake. - Really friendly and helpful staff that are great with suggestions.Cons:- I reaaallly wish there was a location that didn't share air with the smoky old casino. Blergh. They do a really good job of keeping the restaurant free of the smoke, but still. I don't think I'll ever get over the smoke in vegas casinos.
5	Pork belly and duck bao is to die for!! shortrib grilled cheese is yumo with the onion jam.  Love this place and always take my island peeps here. They love it!
4	Inside a dive type casino that smells like flavored cigars... I.e. good smell. Fat Choy won 2013 Award.  It's an easy drive and loving the crazy clientele. LOL. Great music selection and nice staff! Very old school diner
3	This spot has been on my bookmark for a while. I can appreciate Asian cuisine with a twist and was attracted to the items that were pictured. Was expecting to be wowed but really wasn't. Drove across town to get here so perhaps I'm still bitter :-/We had the duck bao which tasted good but was cold by the time we got it. I was hoping to bite into that warm fluffy bao. It was also lacking meat but did have crispy duck skin inside. Didn't read the description to see if it was supposed to be duck or only duck skin bao. I had the short-rib grilled cheese and thought the cheddar was too sharp. Even the kid agrees and he loves cheese. Fries were ok, nothing spectacular. He had their special burger which I tasted and was pretty good. If I returned it would only be for the bao.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Limited drink selection. Schizophrenic decor.LIKE  Somewhat hidden location inside the Eureka Casino. Sides and extras offered. Sunday brunch options. Reasonable pricing.LOVE  Servers are always super friendly and helpful. The Peking duck and pork belly baos. The duck and shortrib rice.
4	During my search for Chinese food, this place shows up, I guess these folks used to have a food truck, and then they moved into a restaurant at a small casino called Eureka.  It will take a GPS to find them if you are a traveler.  They casino was not very noticeable with brown camouflage color and a rear entrance.  Fat Choy did not stands for a fat Chinese guy named "Choy" found this place, it translates to "Getting Rich" in Chinese.Since they called themselves fusion, we got things from the two world...  Pork Belly Bao, Peking Duck Bao, and a Fat Choy Burger.  The baos were excellent, I think I like the pork belly one much better.  The peking duck one was good in general, but it just reminds me of the false peking duck dish that used the wrong bread.  Burger was great, and the egg really enhanced the overall flavor.I failed to see how anyone could hate the drink selections, they got a freestyle coke machine here, I wish it is a self-serve instead of having to wait for the server, and it was a bit inconvenience to ask them to switch up the flavor every time they refill my cup.  (eg. Peach flavor first time, Grape the next cup, and Orange for the third)  Service was excellent, the Chinese lady that served us was a bit aggressive in getting feedback from us for unknown reason, probably because we told her we found this place on Yelp?
5	I'm gonna make this quick because I'm still here eating and I've got the Fat Choy Burger on the way.  I still even have the buffalo sauce on my fingers from the wings.  This place has the best traditional wings in Vegas. Period.  I could walk away right now and be perfectly happy. The burger just got to my table, I took a bite, and I'm now currently debating whether or not I want to bum-rush the kitchen and hug the cook.  Just come here.  Seriously.
5	Absolutely delicious! Loved everything we ordered. Have to try the pork belly bao and the FatChoy burger. It's in an old locals casino , so spread the word about this place. Needs better location, but for now its a must when you are in Vegas.
5	Totally lives up to its reviews! This place is amazing!!!!!!!!! Don't be fooled of where it's at. Prices and service are great
5	I had the Fat Choy Burger and it is the best burger I ever had!!!! Pork Bao was delicious and service was great!!! This is going to be a must eat every time we are in Vegas!!!
5	Some friends of mine told me about a place close to downtown that seemed to have dynamite Chinese food. After checking Yelp, I was surprised to see that many of my Yelp Elite friends have already visited this place and have given them top notch reviews. I really trust the opinions of my Yelp comrades, so I knew I was going to love this place. I was surprised to find that this place was located in the middle of a run down casino called Eureka. Walking through the casino, I thought I was going to have a disappointing time. When we entered the diner, my spirits lifted. Nice read diner booth seating, bar tops and tables were ample for all sorts of parties. Our server was very thorough. When she carded us for the alcohol ordered, she asked us questions about our ID's. It was different, but appreciated. She also went through some kind of spiel about the place, but talked so fast, I wasn't able to catch what she was saying. For our meals, I decided to get the two recommended items: Peking Duck Bao and The Pork Belly Bao for $7 each. HOLY EVERYTHING THAT IS HOLY! These baos blew me away and really surprised me. The Peking Duck Bao: duck in an open faced steamed bun, cucumbers, scallions and hoisin sauce. The duck was perfectly cooked and flavored nicely. The cucumber and scallion brought a nice crunchy element and the hoisin brought a nice BBQ sweet flavor. What an AH-MAZE-ING dish. What's more amazing was the Pork Belly Bao: Fried pork belly, pickled mustard greens, cilantro and crushed peanuts. The belly was marbleized and perfectly fried. The peanuts helped to break up the marbleized meat. The cilantro and greens helped to bring an herb and very slightly bitter element. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE BAOS FOREVER AND EVER! WOW, what an awesome culinary experience. I was more surprise that this gem of a place was located in an older casino building. It truly is your treasure to find. I'm definitely coming back. VERY SOON.
2	I came here with three other people and we sampled most of the Asian fare including: pork belly bao; grandmas potstickers; teriyaki chicken rice; short rib rice; sesame noodles. Pork belly had a nice flavor and the bun was fluffy. Potstickers greasy and the pork inside was very bland. Sesame noodles were light and well cooked. Short rib rice came with two small pieces of short ribs and no sauce so this dish tasted unfinished to me. The teriyaki chicken rice tasted Americanized and the sauce did not taste house made and was bland. On the menu it stated the chicken teriyaki rice came with market vegetables and the short rib rice came with mustard greens. Both actually came with a side salad which was not listed any where on the menu and it made up half the dish. I told the waitress and she said that's how we do things here and the chef thinks it goes better with the side salad instead of the vegetables. I found this response to be odd when the menu said nothing about either item including a side salad. The food here is just ordinary, the diner setting is confusing, and Asian & American food is not a combination that works.
3	I'm not too sure why this place has a 4 star rating and some great WOM recommendations.  The decor of this place is like a diner.  If I blind folded you, sat you down at the table, and removed the blindfold, you'd be ready to order an omelet with an extra side of bacon and sausage.  Fat Choy describes itself as Asian-American fare; it has very traditional Asian foods on the menu and then it throws in very traditional American fare such as burgers and chicken wings.  I really don't get this "synergy" if any, but whatever, it's not a plus or a minus really.  Maybe you want to get some bao and you can convince your friend to come for the burgers and wings.We ordered the pork belly bao, the shortrib rice, chicken teriyaki rice, and 2 orders of Grandma's Potstickers.Pork Belly Bao:The wrap itself was good, the flavor of the pork belly was great, but the pork belly was dry as it was a bit overcooked.  Overall it was decent, but not great.Shortrib rice, and chicken teriyaki rice:I lumped these together because they both had similarities, although the styles are supposed to be totally different.  The similarity here is that they both came with a salad with balsamic vinegar WITHIN the dish.  Wtf, this does NOT go with the flavors of either dish at all, and a salad wasn't mentioned on the menu for either dish.  If I had known it came like that, I would have ask for it on the side.  No veggies were mentioned for the shortrib rice, and market vegetables were mentioned for the chicken teriyaki rice.  The shortrib itself was actually really good, but the rest of the dish was mediocre.Grandma's Potstickers:Nice pan fried crust.  Definitely a fan of that.  But the filling?  Yo, if my grandma came out with this I'd tell her to get back in the kitchen and work on the damn recipe because yo, where's the flavor?  Kidding, my grandma would slap the dumpling outta my mouth and make me wash the dishes afterwards.  But seriously though, very disappointed in the filling as this dish was hyped up and it was only OKAY.All in all, this place gets three stars because the dishes are just okay, and the prices are commensurate with what you get in my opinion.  Would I come back by myself?  Nah.  But if a friend wanted to try it out anyways after I tell them how mediocre it is, meh, sure why not, might as well try out the American side of the menu.
5	OMG the perfect Chinese American comfort food joint. Drive Inn, Diners and Dives must come check this place out! We got the famous Pork Belly Fat and Crispy Roast Duck Baos 2 Baos for $7 also the amazing Short Rib grill cheese sandwich $10 with some crispy thin fries. One bite of this crispy, cheesy yummy goddess will send you to fat boy heaven. Ask for some their ranch (which is so good) and you won't believe that you are eating something so good...yes it exist! Home made pot stickers so good you can tell it's made in house....(or someone's house LOL) it was crispy and tender just the way I like my pot stickers cooked, and it comes with an awesome dipping sauce. Fat Choys Chicken with rice is their version of a Teriyaki bowl also yum. Washed it all down with a cold Lucky Buddha beer. Fun, clean Chinese American diner with amazing food. Easy carefree place with good food, you just gotta hold you breath and make it through the smoke in the casino. Good thing you can book it straight from the front door to the Resturant in 5 seconds. Specials like the soft shell crab bao, fat belly BLT and the Fried Pork noodles are only offered for a limited time and you can get notices when by following them on Twitter and or Facebook.
5	Delish! LOVE this place. I only discovered it about a year or so ago but it is now my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas, NV. The Brazilian stew(moqueca) is out of this world amazing, the Felicdad on Sundays is SOOO so good, the Las Vegas, NVsteak sandwich, and pao the queijo appetizer...whoa! I could go on forever. A caipirinha with my meal always hits the spot. It's like a taste of Las Vegas, NVright here in the city. Very authentic. Really, give it a try. You're in for a real treat!!!
5	BEST BEST BEST #1 -Pork Belly Bao I have every tasted in my LIFE****ONE WORD: Memorable Still one of the best Pork Belly Baos I have every tasted in my LIFE*, I dream about this because it's sOOo good it makes me want to eat more. I can't describe it. It's crispy on the outside and the pork fat is so flavorful bursting with unimaginable bliss of joy with every bite . The amount of dedication invested in the preparation of this pork belly speaks for itself. Fat Choy really hits the spot when it comes to perfecting their boas. You can tell there was a lot of work put into the pork belly alone to make its so flavorful.  Coming from the San Gabriel Valley area, a place known for one of the best asian cuisines in California, I can say nobody can beat what they have here. I'm a food junkie and chef myself the boas definitely hits my weak spot transitioning from vegetarian to a slow transition to meat. I highly recommend this place because of the heart and soul poured into their dishes. I can definitely taste it with every bite. RECOMMENDATION: REWARDING*****1. Pork Belly Bao (5++++++++/5) BEST Pork Belly Bao I have ever tasted in my LIFE2. Tofu Bao (5+/5), BEST option for Vegetarian Eaters
4	Local gem.. hidden in somewhat shady area but parking lot is well lit. Two servers who also acts as busser, cashier,  cocktail waitress, etc. Hard workers! They kept up... sort of.. 3 tables un cleared. Great job Emily and Val!! We were promptly greeted and order was taken. Food was brought out average time more towards the slower side, i only see one working back there. Bao, bao, bao... you don't know what you missing out. Made same way back home Formosa "cut bao" style.My other half got the fat choy burger comes w egg :)Try it out! Gave it a 4/5 only because of location having to walk through smokers and dirty casino.
5	Apparently, this used to be a food truck in SoCal. Don't expect typical Asian food.With that being said, the food was...AMAZINGEverything. GET EVERYTHING.We tried the Pork Belly Bao, Peking Duck Bao, Duck Rice, Ms. Wong's Spaghetti & Meatballs.Favs: Shortrib Grilled Cheese & The Fat Choy Burger.
4	I had seen Sheridan on a tv cooking competition and wanted to try out his food. We had the pork bao, duck bao, and potstickers. My favorite was the pork bao. Atmosphere was a modest and comfortable diner, which can be a nice change in over the top Las Vegas. They had roasted marrow on the specials but we are saving that for another visit. This place is worth a short trip from the strip.
4	Fat Choy is highly recommended by me.  Went here last friday and I almost missed the restaurant. I didn't realize at first that it's located in the Eureka casino.  Small dining area. Ordered the fat Choy burger and pork belly bao. Both totally worth the price at $7 for the bao and I got the same amount as I did at Ramsey's burger for nearly half the price.  Next time I will try the duck bao. Really can't recommend this enough at the price.
5	I would come back just for the pork belly bao! It was amazing. The pork belly was tender, the sauce was flavorful, and the bao (bun) was soft and fluffy. I also had the Peking duck bao, potstickers, and sesame noodles, but those were only ok. The rest of the menu looked pretty average also. But the pork belly bao was definitely the star.It's a little hard to find if you haven't been before. It's located inside the Eureka Casino off the strip, so don't be confused at where your gps is directing you.
5	If you are in Vegas anytime, you will have to check this place out. A little off the strip. Located inside a casino. The location at night time looks a little sketchy, but trust me, well worth it. Delicious little gem in Vegas. The burger is one of the best burgers I have had, and I have had a lot of burgers. Just very flavorful. And the staff is awesome, very accommodating! I remember we tried helping the waitress move the tables to fit out party and she insisted she do it. Unless we wanted to take her job she stated. LoL. Awesome!
3	have gone a couple more times, it's been hit or miss with dishes.1) tried the duck confit, was a bit disappointed. wasn't bad, but not especially good either. basic duck quarter leg, over jasmine rice2) pork belly BLT was pretty good for lunch, do recommend ordering if they have3) teriyaki chicken was basic chicken bowl....done right, but again really can't mess this one up4) Fat Choy Burger....probably the one reason to return. Pretty tasty burger with great toppings....short rib and fired egg! Great deal at about 10 bucks. worth the mess!
4	Fat Choy is a gem hidden in the back of a tiny casino on  E. Sahara, the Eureka, a less than desirable or safe area.  The service and food make up for the lack of ambiance.  Don't get me wrong - the restaurant is clean and the seating is comfortable and casual.  I'm afraid people could be somewhat turned off by the location, but if you want delicious Asian/American comfort fusion head over ASAP.My husband and I first visited about a year ago.  We always get the pork belly bao ($7), a menu must have.  Thick pan-seared pork belly on soft bao with peanut sauce and pickled greens.  The pork belly is a melt-in-your-mouth crispy delight and the bao are the freshest  I've had. Short rib grilled cheese ($10) is another must have for my hubby.  Generous amounts of tender meat, cheddar cheese and more delicious BREAD.The other item I was delighted with was the shrimp toast.  A generous portion of shrimp atop a delicate toasty slice of French-ish bread, a tiny fried egg, Chinese sausage, drizzled with aioli.  Much, much different than your Chinese restaurant variety.  Alas, the server told me it wasn't very popular and it is only served as a special now. :(  Same with the bone marrow, not enough orders to keep it around.Consistently good, fresh, well-cooked food and the friendly and knowledgeable servers keep us coming back.  Recommend for a casual night out with friends, date night and don't forget Sunday brunch. :) Ice cold cheap draft beers (Abita Turbo Dog, Widmer) at the bar! ($2.75)
4	Lunch at fat Choy !! Pork belly baO teriyaki chicken & classic burger all a hit. Attentive service.
5	My wife and I eat here at least once a week and we love the pork belly bao and the potstickers! Atmosphere feels like a diner, food has rustic elegance. We have never been disappointed.
5	Don't let the location fool you! Seriously delicious food - if you're in the mood for flavor, this is the spot!
5	This place is a hole in the wall restaurant but I highly recommend it. Everything was good. Wings, burger, and pork belly.
4	This location of this place is not for the faint of heart. Not only it is located well off the strip but it's nestled inside a really seedy casino where I would not venture to alone.Besides that fact, the food is definitely worth the trip! Although we tried several of the entrees (short rib rice, grilled cheese w/ short ribs), the star is truly the baos. Specifically, the duck and pork belly baos. I've eaten duck baos at Chinese restaurants but the ones at Fat Choy are the best tasting ones I've ever had. The duck piece had a perfect amount of crispy skin/fat and just a splash of hoisin sauce. High quality ingredients prepared in a clean, simple way!
2	The food: we ordered Beef Shortribs with Rice, Sesame Noodles, Chicken Teriyaki, Pork Bao, and Dumplings.  First off when I think of "short ribs" I think of bone in ribs. I was a little surprised when I saw something else. The beef short ribs weren't that good. It was nice and soft but it wasn't worth ordering.  The Sesame Noodles was actually good. The only problem with the noodles was that it was way too spicy that we couldn't finish it. The dumplings came with a salty sauce which made it even more salty - not good. The chicken teriyaki was good but nothing special or out of the ordinary compared to basic chicken teriyaki you can order at any other restaurant. The only thing that was good was the Pork Bao. If I would ever come back to this place (which is most likely never) I would only order the Pork Bao.The service:  LACKING.  We came in a group of 7 and they didn't refill any of our drinks until we were done with our food and ready for the check.  We had to flag the server for refills which was almost dumb because the place is small and it wasn't busy when we were there. Overall, the food isn't enough to make up for the pathetic service that was provided to us. Also, beware of the smell of smoke. We didn't know it was inside a casino and all the smoke from the casino goes into the restaurant. For some who are non smokers this was a huge turn off. Never coming back to this place.
4	Such a random location...Its located in a run down casino off the strip. I come here for only the Pork belly bao and duck bao. I usually get it togo before I head home from Vegas.I especially love the pork belly bao. Place worth checking it; don't let the ghetto location scare you
5	Man this place is straight outta the movies... SEEDY!!!  I am still perplexed as to why Fat Choy is housed in some weird ass casino!?!?!PORK BELLY BAO & SHORTRIB GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH ... that's all you need to know.Order those items and bon appetit.  BTW, our server was pretty cool... asian gal who did a great job describing our dishes.  Just can't remember her name.
5	Authentic Taiwanese sandwiches! Try Peking duck and pork buns!Great service from the hosts who were former food truck owners!
5	Started from 626 Monterey Park and now it's here! Braised pork belly baos are unlike anything you've ever tried. Love the hole-in-the-wall vibe, usually not crowded and great service. Food is greasy and cheesy, to be expected if you're ordering Burgers, Grilled Cheese, and Quesadillas ... noodles are good, too. If you can make it off the strip, this is a must go to place.
4	Over a year and a half passed between my first and second visit to Fat Choy. I don't know why I waited so long to return. The duck and pork belly bao are always a hit, but there are other items just as worthy of being ordered. The short rib rice dish is comprised of two large chunks of boneless beef sitting atop the fluffiest rice imaginable. No knives are needed. The beef easily falls apart with the slightest poke. If you need a little grease, the short rib grilled cheese is the way to go. Plenty of beef fill this sandwich along with an onion jam and provolone and cheddar cheese. The acidity of the tomato dip puts this dish over the top. For more subtle, but equally excellent flavors, "Grandma's potstickers" delivers. The crispy seared bottom to the dumplings serve as a sign of quality before cutting into the pork and green onion mixture within. The location (inside the Eureka casino) may not be the best, but the food is well worth the visit through the smokey environment.4.5 Stars
5	Great restaurant!  Come and try the the Fat Choy burger.  Quick and friendly service :)  will visit everytime I come to Vegas!
5	Great restaurant tucked away inside the small casino. Good food, friendly service, and very affordable. I highly recommend the pork belly bao.
