3	Clean, modern, Roomy Spots-bar atmosphere.  They offer a Tepan grill or a regular Sushi bar.  Chicken can be dry depending on the Sue-Chief so I always go with the Steak & Shrimp at the Tepan grill.   For those of you who are timid when it comes to Sushi try the Lobster Tempura Roll to dissolve any reservations you ever had (its cooked).  Fun place to take out a group of people.
4	The Sushi is great here. Ask for the Samurai special its great.  The service was great(ask for Chris).  Overall Its one of my favorite sushi spots in Z next to Barcelona's in Scottsdale. I have not tried the tappen grill yet, but its next on the list.
1	Just like Christmas, you never know what you are going to get! I use to frequent this establishment at least once a week when they first opened. The service and the food went to hell so fast that I stayed away for about 5 months. Recently I tried going back and this finally capped my disgust with this place. The consistency (referring to preparation) of the sushi is much like the service, NONEXISTENT. I try to complain , but I think that it falls on deaf ears because nothing changes.  I was there about two weeks ago, end of June 09, and walked out because I could not get service while sitting at the bar. There was one person behind the bar while there was two managers and several wait staff standing by the hostess station, no one said one word when I left. I had family members in town that wanted to go there for dinner, reluctantly I took them. The food, once again came out prepared differently that it had been in the past and I always get the same excuse, "Well we do go through a lot of Chefs here." I had to get up and get the drinks off of the bar because our waitress disappeared. This place is a joke! I have no idea how they stay in business. The teppanayki tables are so loud that it really takes away from everything else. The people that work there really just seem to give a "crap less" whether or not you get service.  Save your money and go somewhere else.
4	We've been really happy with Ah-So both times we visited. The first time, we sat in the regular section and ordered sushi, which was  well-prepared and tasty. Admittedly, I am not a sushi expert, but if it tastes good and doesn't fall apart, I'm happy. The service was good on a busy Saturday night.We went again recently on a Saturday afternoon during a "dead period". A few people were in the bar area, but the hostess was doing double-duty as a waitress. I was a bit worried that it might be slow, but no problem. She was friendly and quick. This time we did the teppanyaki table and it was great! The chef that came out was very friendly and skilled. We got steak, chicken, and scallops, all prepared perfectly. However, everything is cooked with a lot of butter, which gives it a rich butter taste that is not to our liking (or good health). My wife ordered a mixed drink from the bar that had absolutely no alcohol taste - I think we paid $9 for mostly pineapple juice. Be safe and order beer. Overall, great place. I highly recommend it if you want to try sushi or the teppanyaki experience.
