3	Blue Dog's is near the NE corner of Trop and Pecos. They underwent a massive renovation several months ago and the inside is quite nice and very clean. Like most bars, they've got gaming machines at the bar, but they've also got pool, darts and the frat boy's favorite, Golden Tee. There's a nice lounge area that might be nice at night. We went during the day and there wasn't much going on. Their happy hour runs 2-6pm and that made our draft beers $2.50 each. Charlotte the bar tender was very friendly.
4	Blue Dogs is a great place to unwind at night. It is quiet, clean, cheap, and good on beer selection for a neighborhood bar. The space inside is surprisingly clean for a "dive" bar type of feel. I love the booths. Food is very good, considering that the prices are extremely cheap. Drinks are also amazingly inexpensive, and there are happy hours available. Beer, fries, and chicken tenders are good. Darts and pool and some other games are present. It is usually not crowded, and pretty empty, which is always a big plus for me, as I hate crowds. Let me drink, talk, eat and play in peace! Great bartenders, too!
2	I was meeting a friend at Geri's Old Philadelphia (next door) and had a 1/2 hour to kill since I got there early....so, I wandered in this joint to have a couple of Beers while I burned some time.The place is really, really dark.  It took my eyes a few minutes to adjust to the darkness.  After I got my bearings, I saddled up to the bar and asked the bartender what they had on tap.  He said they had no domestics on tap and mumbled off a short list....all I remember hearing was Alaskan Ale, so I said let's go for that.  Wait, isn't that domestic?  Ha, ok....He brought me a pint and I sat back and watched Sports Center while a handful of guys played Video Poker at the bar.  They serve food here as I saw a patron get a Burger & Fries.....the weird thing is that they allow smoking at the Bar...hmmm, you're not suppose to be able to eat and smoke in the same place.  They must not care about getting fined.  Whatever....the place smells like a smoker's den, so I guess it attracts smokers.  I don't think the regulars care.The bartender was friendly but quiet....not much of a talker.I had my 2 Beers and left to meet my buddy for lunch @ Geri's.Will I return?  Probably not...this was a one-hitter quitter, not really my style of bar.
5	We looked up on Yelp for some bar food that was close to our home.  We have seen Blue Dogs Pub many times going up and down Pecos.  So we thought, why not?  We walked in and we're greeted very friendly by the bartender named Pam, we asked about the happy hour and for a menu, we were starving!  The menu was exactly what we wanted.  The food, well let's just say, was incredible!  We ordered the ribs, which came with, half rack, cole slaw (actually the best cole slaw I have ever had) and roasted corn on the cob.  It was so good that my husband ordered a second meal!  Now for the best part,  it was only $5.00!  Wow!  I am looking forward to going back and to have my husband order the 1/2 pound hamburger which is only $5.00 as well.  To sum it up, great great food, cold beer and awesome service, now that's a place that we will go to often!  When you go, definitely ask for Pam, she'll take great care of you!  Now I'm getting hungry...
4	Great food, good drinks and service was amazing.   The bar is a little smoky, but most bars in Las Vegas are.
5	When in doubt of what to do for the night, we usually head to Dogs. This has been our local haunt for years and will probably remain so for years to come. Pam is the best and if you order food, get the chicken tenders with the special sauce!
5	Very clean pub, the friendliest crew I've see in a long time !! The best chicken strips and garlic fries !! Must try !!
4	This is a somewhat dive-y place, but it's clean. There's video poker. There's beer on ice with the labels peeling off. There's some cheap, ok food. There's some TVs. It's cash only. The bartenders are friendly and will always remember your name. There's also pool and darts too. And bonus, it's never crowded. So yeah, it's a nice, relatively quiet place to grab a beer and a cheap bite to eat. I dig it.
