4	I went to this place on the recommendation of a friend, and was not disappointed.  The sign reads "Mexican inspired cuisine" and, looking at the menu, the description seems to show in the form of a list of specialty items that are fusion dishes.  They do have more traditional Mexican dishes as well.I can't personally speak to the quality of the fusion dishes, but the more traditional fare is quite good.  The service is excellent as well.  I'll definitely come back there when I'm in town again.
5	Tried it for lunch a few weeks ago and was impressed.  Went back Friday night with my wife and it was awsome....great food and excellent service.
4	My owners went there last night and they were smiling when they got home.  This is the fourth time they have been there and have been in a good mood after.  They also brought some leftovers but did not give me any so they must have liked it.  Don't know why they call it a doggy bag?They said the queso dip is just ok since it is basically just bland cheese that is kind of watery.  The chips are good and you can ask for other sauces other than the one they bring you.The two fusion dishes they tried were good.  The Flautas are big and have great flavor provided by the honey citrus cilantro slaw, citrus chili red sauce and Cotija cheese.  It does not come with anything else but that is plenty.  The Ancho Crusted Pork Chop was also nice.  A large thick chop with great flavor and nicely presented.They have also tried some of the more common dishes like the Chimichangas and Carne Asada.  Both were good but not that remarkable and similar to what you can find in the dozens of other "Mexican" restaurants in Charlotte with the standard sides of rice and re fried beans.The inside of the restaurant is nice although the entrance is a bit strange, apparently due to the layout of the kitchen from the prior establishment.  The bar is very small and will likely not become a hang out for locals.  It is, however, a nice addition to the local dining establishments and has a more neighborly feel than the Concord Mills restaurants.Service has always been good
3	Kids eat free on Wed night.  Place has a strange layout so if someone has their chair out too far the server can't get through.  Tableside guacamole is good but pricey for what you get.  Both the carne asada and chipotle chicken were super salty.They were very free with the chips and salsa, though.
4	Note - If your thinking of going check Charlotte half off or Groupon!!!!This place rocks, we have been there twice and had a blast.  Each time the joint was totally full of people and life!  They make a killer Chimichunga with grilled chicken. The kids meals have are large and include a drink!They have Wed night kids eat free and drink specials all the time!
3	This place has come a long way.  When it first opened it was hit or miss for both food and service.  However, for the past 6 months or so it has made a dramatic improvement.  The food is fresh and tasty.   I love the twist to Mexican food in some of their dishes such the vegetarian dishes which I often crave.  Also, they have a variety of good desserts, some of which are unusual and not found in other Mexican restaurants in the area (i.e.: tres leches and churros).I did have a mishap a few weeks ago where I found a rock in my re-fried beans which almost chipped my tooth!!!  I advised the owner of my incident and he apologized and said that their beans are made fresh from dried beans and their last batch had quite a few stones in them.  Then he went back to the kitchen and came back with the beans and some small rocks among them.  I guess that is understandable but I told him they need to pick those beans better because someone can lose a tooth or worse.  Yikes!  But hey, at least their food is not canned and full of preservatives.  I really do appreciate that!  Overall, good food and good service.
3	Great Tacos and convenient to Highland Creek. This joint is not even close to authentic. They should get on the plane and head west to learn how to cook Mexican. The only thing in the menu that is worth anything is their tacos and chips. 3 stars for their tacos.
3	This place is Soooo good! Have been here a few times, but have finally decided to write a review. Aside from the chips being stale ( I always send them back for a fresh batch) and the white queso dip being really thick and cold, the service is quick and friendly. The veggie burrito is fresh and a guaranteed palate pleaser!  It comes with plantains and AMAZING slaw. This entree could easily be shared for a light meal. Boyfriend always gets the chimichanga and is never disappointed! $27 gets you two delicious entrees, chips and queso and two sweet teas. They ARE in the coupon book... so look for it to save BUY ONE GET ONE FREE ENTREE.
4	Went here last week, was my 2nd visit there. Enjoyed it both times. The locoritos are on point. Pretty solid service, laid back environment.
2	Just like the 2 stars say, "Meh, I've experienced better".  I recently tried this place due to a Groupon and a recommendation from a coworker.  Loco Lime is Tex-Mex at it's best and to me is a second rate On the Border (which I'm not really a fan of either).   The queso was fair and the fish taco's weren't anything to write home about.  The location that I went to was the Huntersville one which lacked any type of decor.   I wouldn't waste my time here again.
3	Meal was ok but I had to argue to get them to honor their yelp checkin offer. Service was good. I'm not sure I'd visit again given the fact that the managers didn't know what was going on with their YELP offers and gave both me and my guests problems...
3	We headed here after picking up a deal from Living Social a few months back. I was looking forward to checking out a new Mexican restaurant in Huntersville, since we had already enjoyed Unica and Monterry. Unfortunately Loco Lime did not surpass these other two, which is probably a good thing since it was the most out of the way for us.Loco Lime is located in the midst of a strip mall-like area, so there is plenty of parking. The restaurant itself is very off-putting, as it is a small place with cramped tables. I personally like a bit of elbow space between my table and the neighboring tables, and hate it when you are so close that you can hear everyone's conversations, and they can hear yours. Plus all these tables cramped into a small space means that it is very loud inside! The place itself is dark and it was pretty darn cold inside, which is something I haven't come across yet at any other restaurants in the area. We had to wait about a minute before someone came to greet and seat us, and once seated the waitress came right over and took our drink orders. I wanted one of the draft beers listed on the menu, but was shot down when I was told that they don't serve draft beer there. My wife ordered a mojito and it was pretty good, but they used a very crushed mint as opposed to whole mint leaves. This made it so that there was fine chunks of mint floating around (looked like parsley you would buy in a spice bottle) and it would constantly sneak it's way into your mouth while you drank.The complimentary chips and salsa came out right after our drink orders were placed. The chips were warm and crisp, but the salsa was a bit watery and lacking in the flavor department. My wife ordered the vegetarian enchiladas which were filled with mushrooms, zucchini, corn and plantains. I wasn't as big a fan since I like a bit of meat in my dinner, and I am not a fan of mushrooms at all, but my wife enjoyed it for the most part. I ordered the carnitas, which is the dish I use in which to judge any Mexican restaurant I try for the first time. Loco Lime does it a bit differently, and in the end I wasn't impressed. They say they marinade the pork in beer before/while cooking but I definitely didn't get a hint of that. What I did get was a heck of a lot of hot, as there was some kind of hot rub on the pork, including some hot pepper seeds. I'm not usually turned off by heat but it just didn't work with the carnitas. Yeah, they were cooked tender but the pure porky goodness that should have been there was overwhelmed with hot. Taking away from the pork like that instead of complimenting it was a turn-off for me. The rice and beans that came with it were good...nothing to write home about but what you should expect to get at a Mexican restaurant.Like the three stars say, Loco Lime was A-OK. It wasn't horrible, but the food didn't over the top wow me and I was definitely turned off by the cramped, uncomfortable quarters. If a friend or something was dying to go I would, but with Unica and Monterry nearby I don't see myself going back to Loco anytime soon.
3	Pretty good food. There mole enchiladas are my favorite thing on the menu.  Some of the dishes seem to have some other Latin cuisine inspiration (such as plantains).  Not necessarily a bad thing, just a bit different.
2	There are way too many legit Mexican spots in the city to waste your time here...the food is no good, plain and simple.  The quesadillas had way too much greasy unseasoned meat and very little cheese, the rice was bland and the refried beans were disgusting.  I think the bar area is keeping this place open since most of the patrons were having margaritas......
4	Some of the best tacos you can find with fresh ingredients. Definitely check out Taco Tuesdays for $1 tacos. I've been there with as few as 2 people or as big a group as 12 so they can accommodate your parties.
4	My family and had dinner here the other night.  It had been a cold and rainy day, and I was in the mood for Tortilla Soup.  Being from Texas, I must say that this is a tough craving to curb, but Loco Lime came through.  It was sooooo good.  There were a few tortilla strips along with one large tostada shell to break up into my soup.  The broth was flavorful.  There was a significant amount of chicken.  It was loaded with Mexican cheese and topped with freshly chopped onion and cilantro.  It also comes with a side of Spanish rice that you can eat separately or mix into your soup bowl.  I, myself, am a mixer.  :)  The only thing that would put it over the top for me is sliced avocado...just like home.  So when you want some chicken soup with flare, come check out Loco Lime!  And by the way, kids eat free on Wednesday nights!  :)Now if only I could find a Mexican restaurant that serves breakfast...
3	There aren't many good restaurants in the area, so I'm giving this a 3 knowing I would have given it a 2 in another location (and in fact, I give the Plaza Midwood location a 1). At lunch during the week, this place is empty, and the service is friendly and prompt enough for a mid-workday meal. They have good lunch specials; I like the Mexican Chopped Chicken salad just fine, it's pretty loaded down and the fried jalapenos are a nice added touch. The torta is also pretty good, and big, if you're in the mood for that.I can't speak to the dinner, but the other lunchtime meals look fine too. When you're looking for a place to get away from the office, it's an option, but don't go there looking for your new favorite restaurant.
1	Worst Mexican in Charlotte/ Huntersville area. Chilli rellenos were re heated mush with ground beef piled on top. No flavor what so ever. The pork taco fell apart because they did not double wrap it. Really just flavorless mush there is no passion in this food. The taco trucks or
