3	Not sure I am a fan, but it was nice to have food delivered so I did not have to venture out into the 114 degree heat here in Sun City, AZ.  Ours was a small order as eating a low-sodium diet is our challenge right now.  It was hard to find items low in sodium, but it all worked out for this time.  Would love to see "broiled or broasted chicken" placed on the menu at some point.  Was impressed by the timely delivery.  Cost was reasonable except the $2.79 for a 2-liter bottle of Sprite -- that was a bit high.  But, again, I didn't have to venture out into the heat, so I won't complain.  After all, I could have elected not to order it.  The thin crust, gluten-free, with veggies was at 380mg sodium for a 1/8 section of a medium sized pizza.  The gluten-free crust is made with Water, Modified Rice Starch, Rice Flour, Brown Rice Flour, Potato Starch, Olive Oil, Potato Flour, Evaporated Cane Sugar, Fresh Yeast, Honey, Avicel, Salt, Calcium Propionate. There was no way to leave out the salt in the crust, so a 1/8 section was all that could be consumed, which is okay because we had prepared a nice home salad and raw pasta cooked in water flavored with extra virgin olive oil.  Made for an okay meal.  I do, however, plan to visit the shop on 99th Avenue in person, before I order again.  I want to speak with the manager and see if there are any suggestions for getting the sodium level even lower on our next home delivery order.  Also like to see what type of environment our food is coming from.  Hope this review is helpful to others that are having special diet concerns, but don't care to venture out into the extreme heat in the Phoenix area.
1	First things first, don't order from here. The service is just as bad as the food. Okay, maaaybe a little bit worse. Im not sure if they still have the same crew working there or not but Daisia, the girl who answered the phone, should work somewhere else or go to a Customer Service class. I called and she answered with "Can I put you on hold?" then didnt wait, just put me on hold. A couple minutes later she took my order like she has waaay better things to do and completely disregarded my request to get a phone call when the delivery man was outside my door instead of a knock. Of course the delivery man came to my door and knocked loud enough to wake everyone up and get my dogs to bark up a storm. He said he wasn't told to call and then slammed my screen door. So I called the store again and miss Daisia answered with her 'hold' greeting and when I asked to speak to a supervisor, he apologized and said there was "nothing he could do". I hung up and proceeded to just eat my food and put it all behind me. But the bread was still VERY doughy and the pasta was so hard, it was crunchy. I threw that crap away. I made sure to get my refund but wow, you guys suck!I tried giving them a second chance but the food came out just the same and the daytime manager was rude enough for me to write my first bad review on here. Apparently all the breadbowls come out doughy unless you call to let them know you want it cooked all the way through. Maybe if I order wings they'll deliver a dead chicken and tell me I shouldve called to have it cooked instead.
5	Perfect all the way....Pizza was hot & wings were good.  Delivery was super fast & driver was professional & courteous.
