3	A-Ok describes this branch perfectly. I usually have a decent experience with friendly employees and a fairly short wait time. This is the only branch I know that has a drive-thru option. I suppose it's convenient for a lot of people.Sadly, SSSCU closed down the only 2 locations that were truly convenient and close to me. Now I'm forced to go to this branch. It's easily a 15 minute drive minimum to get here simply to make a payment or deposit a check. I used to be able to just go around the corner to Albertsons. The staff there was much more personable and the wait was nonexistant. I suppose that's why they had to close?Either way, driving here sort of makes going to the bank a chore and something I don't enjoy doing. Since they don't go out of their way to make it more pleasant, I'm not going to say I'm a fan. ;)
4	Not a bad branch.. I usually have to wait a little longer for service at this branch in comparison to the Mcleod branch, but hey, it still gets the job done.  The staff is friendly and usually around to help if they aren't being bombarded by another SSSCU member.  A bit out of the way for my taste, but the ease of banking with them always brings me back.
1	Worst bank/cu I've ever used. Fees for everything!! They're just crooks trying to rip off hard-working people.
5	This credit union is amazing!!! There is never a long wait and the tellers here are amazing! Especially Nicole. She is very upbeat and always has a smile on her face. She is my go to teller from now on! Its also nice that we share the same name! I highly recommend this credit union!!! Everyone go open an account with SSSCU you wont regret it!
1	This review is only based off of one experience from a non customer. My customer paid me with a 25 dollar check from this credit union, I went here to cash it and they told me they "have to charge a fee of 10 dollars for non members."Um, no. You can't honor your own customers checks than you're not a great company.
1	Been banking with SSSCU for almost 20 years and have seen a MAJOR deterioration. They change their rules on a daily basis and depends on who you talk to at the call center (which is the absolute worst). Very disrespectful to their customers. Tellers are rude, you can't get near the branch manager by phone or in person. I wrote a formal letter with concerns regarding their excessive fees and horrible customer service - never got a response. Bill Pay is a nightmare - easy system to use but they will manipulate your account to incur as much fees as possible. POOR! POOR! POOR! There was a time this bank cared about you as a person - NOT ANY MORE!  They closed many branches and shortened their hours to make it extremely inaccessible to their customers. Mark my word - they will be out of business soon!  I am in the process of changing banks - moving all my direct deposits.  All banks have their issues but this one you may want to avoid.
