5	Come to Mama, pretty precious little drops of Heaven.  And I'm just talking about the packaging.  What's INSIDE the package is the real treat.  First off, do not eat your chocolate in the store.  Buy it and have them wrap it all up and put it in the bag.  Go home and sit down and eat your chocolate in at least 2 bite-- you hear me?!!  TWO BITES at least.  Savor the taste and feel your heart skip a beat.  ** Note: In the summer, go home right after the purchase and crank your a/c up on the floor board and place the Godiva bag down there-- do not let it get ruined by the heat.
5	Three things make this a five star chocolate shop. Maybe four. 1. The chocolates are beautiful in taste and presentation. 2.The store smells and looks wonderful. 3. Clearance sales after the holidays- you can get great deals because the box is out of season. 4. They make terrific gifts. I love to have dinner parties and the post holiday chocolates are first rate for desserts. Remove them from the boxes and place them on tiered silver trays and watch your dinner guests' eyes light up. Many people would rather have a piece or two of Godiva Chocolate for dessert than a piece of cake or pie.
5	I'm a chocoholic so I'm always in heaven when I come here!  The turtles are to die for!! The almond bar is awesome and, of course, their chocolate covered strawberries are truly remarkable!! Whenever I go to Fashion Square Mall, I always stop and get my $4.00 turtle!
4	Oh how I bow to the great coca bean...how I crave the sensation of that sweet and delightful taste hitting my lips...whether converted into a milk chocolate chewy delight or a delightful truffle with that unique hard outer shell and gooey smooth filling...Godiva chocolates are some of the best the world has to offer.  I often loose myself in a daydream thinking about all the creations I can taste in this convenient location offering friendly staff, fresh chocolate covered strawberries and a plentiful selection of bars, truffles and desserts that can easily add 5 lbs or more to my waist line within a few short minutes....and they are worth every calorie!
5	I love Godiva! Yummy chocolate whenever you feel the need to treat yourself. Stopped in the other day and Vicki was so helpful and friendly. She gave me a couple of samles of different things which helped me settle on getting their milk chocolate caramels. Yum!
5	I don't know why I have never been here before, I am a huge chocolate fan and have always just walked passed it because I feel like the Godiva chocolate you get from the grocery store in those little squares are so so but nothing to go out of my way for. Recently someone bought 2 chocolate covered strawberries for me here and Helloooo my life has changed!!! The strawberries were huge and so ripe and the chocolate was amazing and very thick. It was hands down the best I have ever had and I can't wait to go back and get another one
1	This review is actually for Godiva corporate -- they really piss me off!  Godiva buys mailing lists from other sources.  That is how they get your email address.  Then they spam you like heck, sending at least 6-8 spam messages a day!  On top of all of this, there is no way to "unsubscribe".  Their unsubscribe feature does not work, although it will tell you that you are now unsubscribed.  And their internet people use spamming tactics when building their spamming programs.  They use different URL schemes for each message so there is no way for you to identify the message source as Spam or Junk.  I have even written a letter to their corporate office telling them to stop this disgusting practice and have received no action at all.  Godiva sucks!  They epitomized the ugly American corporation!!
1	Man at the door with free samples was so rude. When my friend and I walked into and out of the store, he waved his basket of chocolate in our face but didn't offer us any samples. Staff inside was also not helpful or friendly.
1	Extremely rude workers. This review is for the man standing next to the door with a basket of samples on Saturday afternoon of 1/18/2014 average height with glasses.  We were greeted with a condescending hello and glare. Why would you put someone outside of your store with samples if you aren't going to offer any to customers? I was planning to get a hazelnut truffle but decided not to since he was such a jerk. No samples were offered on our way out either.
1	If giving this particular location zero stars was possible, they wouldn't even receive one. I placed a CUSTOM order on 2/11 to be delivered on 2/13. I paid an extra $25 to have it overnighted to ensure it would arrive in time. I explained 2/14 would be too late because the person they are for has an early morning flight that day.I finally called because it's 3pm and it still hasn't arrived to see if I could be provided with shipping information and was told the package was sent out THIS MORNING and I will receive it TOMORROW. Instead of offering me some type of solution, I was transferred to the "manager" (Alicia...a name I see repeatedly in these negative reviews) simply told me "Well, I'm the manager and there's nothing that can be done at this point." Clearly, you aren't a competent manager because a better person would try to fix the situation and make their customer (who spent a lot of money on a custom order/delivery) happy.There is a complete lack of professionalism and the idea of customer service completely escapes the employees at this location.
3	Good but expensive chocolateAdmittedly, chocolate is my vice of choice.  And Godiva makes some good stuff for my occasional fix.On the con side, the stuff is expensive-- $50 for a box of six chocolate covered strawberries for Valentines is hard to justify.  Had they labeled the box, I probably would have passed and did a truffle mix instead.  Also, the floor around where they dip things in chocolate was a mess.  What a horrible waste of such amazing, wonderful cocoa.  The gods are weeping the loss...
5	Godiva Chocolate is one of my favorite chocolates of all times.  I may have to drive 5 miles to go to the store, but it is well with it.   Every time I go into the store it smells so good.  They even hand out sample too.  :)   The last time I was in the store, the lady was really friendly and hopeful.  It is not every day you can get a free box of chocolate (it was for my birthday).
1	Woman was unbelievably rude to my friend and I. I asked for a chocolate covered strawberry and she practically snarled at us that they were $9 without making any move to pick one up for us. My friend and I are young but we still deserve to be treated as customers! I will not be returning to this location.
