5	The best service you will ever receive at any doctors office, hospital, or clinic in town. If you need Cardio services this is where you should go.
1	I HAVE NEVER been to a more unprofessional place in my life! My Dr's MA, was loud and  obnoxious! She called my name and says " come on honey, walk this way" walked so fast I had no Idea where she even went then came out of a room and says " I said this way!" Then she starts talking to me about my health problems while we were still in the hall... I almost felt like she was on drugs... The Doctor finally came into the room.  He had the worst bedside manner I have ever seen! He did not want to hear any of my symptoms. He wanted to run all sorts of test... how did he now what i needed? He was suppose to be one of the " top docs' at the institute...  When we were done, I went up to the front desk and a drak haired lady was on the phone and not once did she recognize that I was waiting for her!  I would never in a million years recommin this place to my works enemy!
1	I originally went to the AZ Heart Institute due to fainting spells and periods of breathlessness when I wasn't moving.  In addition to an extremely abrupt manner - saying things like, "Doesn't matter.  Nope.  Doesn't matter," when I told him about my family history of heart problems (didn't matter because it was my uncle, not my parents.  Because there's no way that my grandmother could have passed the defective heart gene to my mother, who could have passed it to me without showing symptoms herself.  And the fact that my father at the time had heart issues, eventually dying from a heart attack, was inconsequential.), the doctor seemed extremely bored and had a "why are you wasting my time" demeanor.I was wasting his time because I was in my early twenties, but was having chest pains, hard thumps in my chest, and was passing out in clusters.  The icing on the cake however, and the reason I left and never came back, was when he shut the door and it bounced slightly open, and I was able to hear him making fun of me to a nurse right outside the door.  Humiliating, to say the least.Now, some years later, I continue to have clusters of fainting, gasping for air, pounding in my chest, and memory problems.  I'm in the process of having the issue diagnosed with another cardiology practice, one who actually listens and has the courtesy to at least wait until I leave to snort and laugh about whether or not you can believe this chick.  I would never ever return to this place, nor would I ever recommend anyone go there.  As a matter of fact, I have steered a couple of friends away from the AZ Heart Institute due to my experience.
1	If you like waiting for a long time for your appointment, dealing with rude medical professionals, and getting yelled at later when you want your test results sent to your primary care doctor, this is the place for you to go.
