5	I love St. Francis.  The staff there is very friendly and kind.  Recently, my dog cut her eye open and I called several "Emergency" hospitals.  Not one hospital was willing to see my dog right away.  Instead, I called St. Francis (my usual vet) and they saw here right away and did surgery.  Also, I have found that they will beat any price found on petmeds.com or others on flea and tick medications.  Lastly, they are extremely reasonable and I have never questioned a bill or their methods.  You will become a raving fan like me.
5	I've been going to St Francis (specifically, Dr. Cooper) for several years now.  Getting there is a little bit of a drive, but I continue to prefer them over closer options.  Why? They're always kind, helpful, and understanding.  When I recently had to bring the dog in for a sick visit, everyone, from the lady at the front desk to the vet assistant, babied him and showed compassion for his distress.Dr. Cooper in particular is an excellent vet.  He obviously loves the animals, but he's also very no-nonsense.  He's careful to avoid pushing unnecessary, expensive treatments.  Now, don't get me wrong: I love my dog and would pay for the expensive option if it was the best action, but more often than not, it's just excessive.  This is the same approach that I take to my own healthcare.  My only caution has to do with location.  Their building is behind another, so you can't see it from the road.  Watch for the sign marking the entrance, or you will zoom right past.So, if you want compassionate, thorough care for your fuzzy family members, but don't want to be barraged by endless suggestions for $600 diagnostic tests here, $400 unnecessary medicines there, you should check out Dr. Cooper and St. Francis Hospital.
5	We have only been going to St. Francis Hospital for Animals for about 10 months but in that time Dr. Cooper and his staff have always provided us with excellent service. From the initial check up for our newly adopted dog to our recent drama of a chewed advil bottle, both Dr. Cooper and his staff were always friendly and knowledgeable and you could really tell they cared about us and our pet. I found them after getting a recommendation from a co-worker and would not hesitate to recommend them to anyone who asked.
5	I took my senior cat here when it was time to say goodbye.  Stating that I was a wreck over this is an understatement.  I was greeted with compassion and sympathy by the whole staff when I arrived.  Dr.Cooper was understanding and patient and let me spend as much time as I needed to say my goodbyes.  Scott the vet technician was absolutely wonderful in that he explained what was going to happen and stayed with me and offered strength and thoughfulness for what I was going through.  I can't say enough about how compassionate everyone was to me about having to put my cat down.  Scott was considerate enough to think of me paying the bill before hand so I wouldn't have to deal with it afterwards, (I wouldn't have thought of that).  The cost of it plus creamation was very reasonable if not quite less than I expected.  I would recommend this animal hospital to anyone and everyone and will be taking my remaining senior cat there for his medical needs from now on.
5	Dr Cooper and his staff are fabulous.  They have been so supportive and compassionate. I have been going to Dr. Cooper since moving here to Charlotte 6yrs ago. and I have to say. This has been the worst week ever experienced with two of my dogs having both eye trauma and being horribly sick.  They are doing everything they can for us and making sure that I know what is going on and how they are doing. Thank you so much Dr. Cooper for all that you do.
5	We adopted our new dog Toby last weekend, and had to find a vet fast. Previously this dog was treated at Banfield (the vet in Petsmart) and we wanted a little more personal TLC for this new valued member of our family. We took him in today to get microchipped and neutered. Dr. Cooper was awesome. He took the time to get to know us and Toby and patiently answered our questions. When we picked him up, the cost was very reasonable, and you could just tell they gave him the TLC we were hoping for. St Francis has earned our business and our trust!
5	We started to take our 2 dogs to Dr. Cooper last year after we moved to town and our younger dog knocked our older dog down trying to get outside and ended up with a torn ACL for our older dog. We knew right away Dr. Cooper was trustworthy when he told us that there were surgery options, but since our dog is 11 and they can get around on 3 good legs and 1 bum leg better than humans can get around on 1, there wouldn't be any real benefit to having surgery and it had already somewhat heeled. He could have easily done the surgery and made a quick $1000 and we would never have known it wasn't completely unnecessary. Ever since then, we've had to bring the same dog in for several other issues (poor ole' gal) and Dr. Cooper and team are always available and willing to fit her in. Last Saturday, the same pup had a slight emergency when we were in Raleigh so we called our old vet to see if they could fit her in and we were told "it's our busiest day, you can bring her in and I might be able to get to her, but if not you'll need to take her to the emergency vet". We called St. Francis to see if they could fit her in before they closed at 12 and without hesitating they told us to bring her on in - they'd stick around to see her even if we got in after they closed. When we left that day, Dr. Cooper gave us his cell number and told us to call him day or night with any questions or issues. I don't feel like I'm being nickel and dimed either - the last 2 trips we have only been charged for the medicine she needed - we weren't charged for an office visit or an examination fee or a million or things they could have charged. You can tell that Dr. Cooper isn't just out to make money. The rest of the staff - especially Scott, are WONDERFUL. They are always warm and friendly and I feel like I can ask all the questions I want without being annoying. I wouldn't consider taking my pups to anyone else as long as I'm in Charlotte.
5	I started going to St Francis when I adopted my first dog Tess in October 2005.  Dr. Cooper and staff were wonderful with her, she also boarded there many times as well.  Over the years they have cared for many of my foster pups and dogs, and I've recommended them to many friends and family members.  My visits increased as Tess' health declined (she was 5 when I adopted her), and they always were able to work tess into the schedule whenever I called. Last December I made the decision to put Tess to sleep, and my experience, while extremely sad, was as good as it gets.  The staff is compassionate, and I left at peace with my decision.  They are moving to a new location soon, and will continue to take my animals to St Francis, and highly recommend them to those who are looking for a vet in Charlotte.
