5	This is a nice pool for kids' swimming lessons.  Class sizes were small (4 or 5 to a class) and there is personalized attention for each of the kids.  The instructors were all nice and friendly.  There are also lifeguards all over the place in case something goes wrong.  Very good experience for the handful of classes taken here for kids.
2	Very unorganized. Kids teaching kids. Lacking any kinda structure. Dirty dirty deck. Parents & kids doing whatever, wherever. Noisy and save ur $ if ur looking for quality instruction. What a joke...synchronized swimming? Lol hang out on the deck on ur cell phone and chat with ur girlfriends for the first 40mins.
4	It not often ever come too any indoor pool before but since in beast mode training for two triathlon this year. I needed too find somewhere that can get my training in during the winter months and Whitney Ranch Indoor Pool certainly provides me the venue. I love the hours of operation because you can go literally when sun not even out, normal person time, or even later in the day get your swim in. The price per visit is not that bad although considering only pool go too not sure competition charges? City of Henderson pool so sure standard rates at other city run pools be the same?The staff is great had different person at the front desk and every time they have been great. Friendly. Always with a smile at 5:30am welcome start too ones day. My first visit asking how the whole thing works. You can pay for the day or get stamp card type or Swim n Trim Pass. It two of them for one visit. One full card is 30 so comes out 15 visits. The pool inside has six to seven lanes. All depends on the time you arrive but I go for organized swim class. Not the one by the city but through another group. So have no idea the way the classes are run for kids or adults. The lanes are nice size that you can fit share a lane. It 25meters in length so not olympic size pool of 50meters one length down the pool. The depth is believe five too six feet. So if learning don't expect too stop along the way and stand up. Lol! The water is nice warm. The locker rooms are very clean, lots of quarter pay one time lockers in the room, and nice size ample room for everyone. Two lifeguards on duties at all times. Safe environment as can be. The only thing wish could be closer too my house but still worth the drive too Henderson get training in. If looking too do laps Whitney Ranch Indoor Pool is great place too get it done....
3	I swim here typically six times a week (this last year). The pool temperature is right on the money for serious lap swimming. The showers can be problematical however, sometimes being scalding hot, sometimes too cold. They recently cut the hours and doubled the fees, but it's still a good deal. A Jacuzzi would be nice, but I'd rather they bring back the old hours.
