5	Dr. Kristine Collins and her staff are wonderful. It's obvious that Dr. Collins loves what she does by the level of care she gives to the animals she cares for. She is very thorough and goes above and beyond what most vets do. I've had two dogs that had unusual issues that she has done extensive research on in order to diagnose their issues. I left a very good vet practice to follow her and I'd do it again.
5	Dr Collins' expertise, compassion, and professionalism are exceptional. This may seem morose, but a few years ago, Dr. Collins came to our house to put our dog to sleep. She made a very sad situation much, much better. She's cared for our cat for several years, guiding him through his middle ages and now, his golden years.I also admire the fact that she gives a balanced approach to the costs and benefits of pet care. She recognizes that no everyone can afford expensive surgery for their pet, and she's very good about giving options. I recommend Sauk Point Veterinary Clinic for any pet owner.
5	My visit was great! The staff are caring and  take time to get to know you and your pet! They went above and beyond to help me and my pets needs! I would highly recommend them to anyone you will not be disappointed!
5	I am so impressed with Sauk Point Veterinary Clinic, I'd give it a 10 if that was an option here. Dr. Collins has been our vet for over 10 years. Even though her clinic is now further away from me it is well worth the drive to take my pets to her. All of my animals love her, which is very important to me. She is a very caring, patient person which is a must when dealing with pets and their sometimes scared owners. I've recommended her to several people who now refuse to see any other vet. She and her staff are the best!  If you are looking for a top notch vet who will take wonderful care of your pets (and sometimes even you) you must see Dr. Collins.
5	My dog Luna loves Dr. Kristine. She is amazingly comforting to animals.  This vet clinic is friendly, comfortable, and trustworthy. I really appreciate the email follow up with a summary of the appointment and recommendations.  If you are looking for a good vet to take care of your family pets you can't go wrong with Sauk Point and Dr. Kristine.
