4	Broughton Street can be quite an amazing find when you first stumble upon it, but after a few treks up and down it begins to become apparent that very few of the shops, cafes and bars are as good as you first thought. The Phoenix doesn't have that problem, it looks shit, and it is shit, in the best way possible..After catching fire a few months back it's had a refurb with some cheap furniture that would have been modern about 1999. It's a bit of a dump, but on a street populated mainly by tiresome arseholes who think they're in a Hugh Grant film, it's actually a breath of fresh air.Inexpensive booze, and one of the few bars you can watch football in this city without feeling like a leper.
2	Going to try and not hark on too much, but I remember when this place was a really great pub. Well good for broughton street in the late 90's. I had not been back since the refurb, but urrggh was all I thought when we were leaving. All night the same round kept costing a different ammount. Yep we didnt pay the same price all night and we got in at 8pm and left at closing. If we hadnt been in for a function I would have left after one.Mediocore booze, staff were fine if a little bored looking and decor was okayish. The function room downstairs was just bizarre. The last hour and half we spent upstairs and I really wasnt keen at all. Better options close by.
2	A bit of a sticky pub, but it was a welcome respite to sit and have a rest after walking in the pouring rain. Nothing special, and it could use a good scrub down, but it suited purpose on the day.
3	A boozer for locals. An old mans pub that fits the requirements for the role but actually goes a bit extra to give its patrons a decent experience. First things first. If your a tourist, for most of you this is not the right place. It's a pub where most people know each other and has no flashy edges. If it was in Glasgow and on the Subcrawl route it would most definitely be on the south side.  I ended up here to watch the football before a wedding. I was with a rangers fans and a hibs fan watching a game between their two teams. This was most definitely a hibs pub as the cheers were deafening for them when the 4 goals were battered into the Rangers net.What makes this pub go the extra mile. They let my 4 year old nephew in with us. They asked a lost and bewildered looking tourist if she was ok when she entered by accident and was the only female in the bar. Finally the locals turned out to be very friendly. Even wishing us well and to enjoy the wedding as we left. Bright and roomy. Serving a decent pint of decuhars. If u have fitba match to watch then head along.
