5	Fantastic Srubtastic!  This place is awesome! It is like walking into a candy store for a diabetic....you want everything!The store has almost every brand of scrubs available including the our favorite, the Grey's Anatomy brand. Prices are decent and they have punch cards to help with offsetting the cost.They also have all kinds of other medical supplies including jackets, lab coats, medical shoes, stethoscopes, watches ext.I would have rated the store itself and 3 or 4 but the service was AWESOME. The girl who helped us was so friendly and did everything she could to save us money on our purchase. It made the shopping experience a great one. So, now I am 'scrubbin' my life away to pay for all those scrubs we bought...LOL.
4	There have been many a day where I have driven past this shopping center but I have never stopped in, until a few weeks ago.I was looking for a lab coat and I never thought I would have so many choices. They had lab coats of varying lengths, some with extra pockets, and even some designed to look more like an everyday outerwear coat. I ended up with the Grey's Anatomy brand because it was cut nicely and wasn't big and boxy. To top it off, they have a 10% student discount. As a broke grad student, I can appreciate that.This store is well-stocked for anything you could possibly need related to the medical industry. They have scrubs of all brands and sizes, medical equipment (stethoscopes, scissors, hemostats, lanyards, etc), and shoes aimed at people who are on their feet all day.It seemed like their prices were a little more expensive than other scrub retailers, but I think that's because they are a family owned business. But Scrubtastic makes up for it in service. Each time I've stopped in, I've experienced great customer service. Everyone is so helpful and knowledgeable about their items.Quick tip: they have awesome sales. Last time I was there, they had several racks where you could get various scrub tops/bottoms for as little as $5. Sizes and styles are limited though.
5	This store is conveniently located near my house so I check it out every so often. They carry a wide array of items for people in the health professions and it's very hard to leave empty handed. On my quest to find the cutest Hello Kitty scrubs ever, I thought I was disappointed when I came here but before leaving, I mentioned my quest and they were awesome! They pulled out a book of different scrubs that they may not carry normally in store and I found them. The cutest Hello Kitty scrub top EVER (so far)! They ordered it for me at no extra charge and called me when it came in. The customer service here is AWESOME, prices are not bad and they have a great range of medical tools and supplies. I love this place.
5	I love their selection of scrubs...they even have petite and long lengths!  The customer service here is fantastic, and like others have mentioned they will order the style/color you need if they don't currently have it in stock.  If you're in need of scrubs, shoes or any misc medical equipment, you won't be disappointed!!
1	Some workers there do not know what they're doing!! They can't even tell the difference between a lab coat and a scrub jacket. I got screwed because an employee sold me a scrub jacket when I specifically asked for a lab coat. They only have white lab coats there and I asked for colored ones and she shows me colored scrub jackets from the back. I've never been in the medical field before so this is all new to me. But I did think the so-called colored "lab coats" looked a little different but I assumed she knew what she was doing so I bought one. You can only get cash returns if returned in 30 days so of course when my teacher tells me that it isn't a lab coat it's already passed the 30 days. I get screwed because of an incompetent employee. I will not recommend this place to anyone. It would have been nice if they had issued me a one time special cash refund because it was their mistake not mine! Or even just offer me a discount of a future purchase and I would have been happy with that but all they could tell me was sorry!  I guess it's obvious they don't know how to make a customer happy. It's not that I even care about the $20 I spent it was because I spent $20 due to an employee selling me the wrong item.
3	I'm so glad Vegas finally has a decent scrub store! Now that Life Uniform only has 2 stores here in town, that only leaves La Isla which I can't stand. That store is so dirty and unorganized. I came out with 2 bug bites my last visit. Anyways back to scrubtastic, they have a decent selection of scrubs, brands and lots of colors. I have had a hard time finding scrub bottoms that I like, I'm not short but I have to buy petite bottoms because I can't stand when my pants drag on the ground or get caught under my heel. They have a large selection of petite pants. They only carry about 4 colors of Grey's Anatomy, which is why I can't give them any more stars. Also they don't do cash returns, store credit or exchange only. I was crushed when Dickies stopped making scrubs, but magically this store has them in stock, they don't have the sandwashed tops, but beggars can't be choosers. What I found was an extra bonus is they keep track of your purchases throughout the year so when you do your taxes, all the info you need for your right off is organized for you! That's scrubstastic!
5	A great place! They have a wide variety of scrubs and coats. I was a little worried that I wouldn't find scrubs that fit, seeing as how I'm barely 4'10", but the woman working showed me the best scrubs for petite women. She was very informative and very nice! I will definitely be buying my scrubs from Scrubtastic.
4	I love wearing scrubs!  I am fortunate enough to work in a place where they allow such a thing (and no ... I don't work in the health field)!  Having said that I was so thrilled to stumble upon this little shop the other day ....The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable. They have a great selection of scrubs ... some on the pricey side but if you look around or ask one of the staff members you will find the sale items and those scrubs that won't gouge the pocket book.I think the best part of my experience here was the card I got in the mail the next day. I normally don't sign up for the email blasts or snail mail lists ... but I am glad I did here. I got a thank you card with a $10 off coupon!  What?! Customer service???  I though that was a thing of the past!  Not so at scrubtastic!I will definitely be back!!!
1	This store has the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I have ever experienced ! Or anyone ! The employees are rude and inconsistent , they are also inept and lacking skills to work overall . They can't keep up with a high volume flow of business and instead of improving themselves to do better , they just deny you and turn you away . Refund service is terrible so you might not wanna buy your scrubs here . I would rather go out of state to get scrubs than to get them here . They said they will give you a check in the mail for refunds in 3 weeks because it's THEIR convenience, they don't care about the customer's convenience. DO NOT , I repeat , DO NOT BUY HERE EVER . It will just give you the biggest headache and stress you out. They don't deserve to even have business . They don't even deserve one star so ignore the star that I have to put on here to add my review .
5	Wow what a selection!
5	Good store with all your medical clothing needs. They have scrubs, white coats, and lab coats in every color of the rainbow. They also have a wide variety of sizes and even famous clothing wear you see on all the cool doctor shows. The people working here are all very nice and will help you look for sizes. There are also a couple of fitting rooms if you need them.I got a white coat for $20 and most range up from there.
1	Terrible service. They have a short Filipina girl working there now. She will ignore you and not even help you. I ask her for help she looked and just walked away. I asked again "Can I get some help" She looked and  shrugged her shoulders and walked away again, Go somewhere else that care about customers!
5	I had never heard about this place until one of my instructors mentioned it . When I walked in I was immediately greeted . The whole staff was very helpful and they had a big selection. The prices were good too ! I will definitely be back !!
3	This shop is truly a scrub paradise.  The store is huge with so much variety in apparel, shoes, and supplies.  It's massive compared to Scrubs & Beyond, which I go to on this side of town because it's close and offers a spanking good discount for employees at my hospital. The service at SCRUBtastic is FANtastic.  I called on a Sunday afternoon to see if they had a scrub brand in stock.  Not only did the woman go look for it in the colors/size I need, but she had them waiting for me at the register to try on when I arrived.   So if this store is so great, why the three stars?  Good question; thanks for asking.  When there are scrub shops nearby that offer pretty significant  discounts to employees of the big health systems in the valley, you can't justify shopping here.  I work at 2 well known hospitals and Scrubtastic doesn't offer even a small discount for employees of either of them.  Since I have a strict dress code as far as color at my new job, I did purchase one shirt here simply because they had the unpopular color in stock and I needed something to start out the week with.  If they had offered even a 5% incentive discount, or anything to offset the 20% I would save by going to the competitor, I could have considered getting my other 4 scrub sets here.  But because I know how difficult scrub shopping can be, I highly recommend checking here if you're looking for a particular brand, color, or material.  They have so many options and because comfort and functionality are so key in this profession, it's nice to have a variety to choose from.
1	Good selection of scrubs. With that being said- I was in a hurry on the way to work about a month ago- purchased a couple pairs of scrubs without trying them on.. I travel and finally got back into town. Came to exchange my size because XS was too small! They only do exchanges after 14 days?!? What kind of crap is that?? Not coming here again.
1	HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! I've worked with scrubtastics last year and there were no problems at all, but this year's staff is just so unorganized and unwelcoming. Just because we are younger customers does not mean we deserve different or less treatment than other customers. I'm a working student that has to save every penny, so I ordered two extra small unisex scrub tops only because i know that it would be cheaper for me but instead they charged me for female cut which costs more than the unisex scrub tops. The customer service is really unbelievable. I was unable to return because I washed my scrubs and took off the scrubs. also, BECAUSE THEY CAN'T HANDLE A HUGE LOAD OF ORDERS they denied us business. Isn't that poor business management and customer service? Scrubtastics needs to step up their game and take fault for their actions ... maybe work harder as well.
1	Very unhappy with this place. I ordered some insoles for my allegria shoes two weeks ago. I called last week to see if they were in but the person didn't bother to want my information and I was told that the product was not in. I waited another week to see if somehow they would call but had to go in and ask for my order. They sure did collect my money but the order was never placed. The lady was very nice but I have needed this insoles since I have pain on my feet without them.
5	Great customer service, was greeted at the door as well as asked for assistance. The store contains a large selection in scrubs for a reasonable deal. There were a few specials going on. Will be shopping here for scrubs from now on.
1	I ordered a pair of scrub pants from there store they were too big..  I called the store to see if I can exchange them for the same pair or pay the difference Ian answered the phone and was very rude didn't want to exchange the pants at all told me there was nothing he could do to call the online number even know I just received the pants had the packaging and all the tags/reciepts. Will not shop from here again.
1	As far as selection the store deserves 4 to 5 stars.Price wise I would give it 2 stars as they are rather expensive.I gave them one star because of discriminating treatment. I am a man taking a medical course and I went to get my scrubs as Scrubtastic as was referred by my school. I am the only man in my class and the other day when we were discussing the store every other woman in my class was given some type of gratuity gift by the store when they made their purchase, yet I received nothing. I spent over $180.00 and I know many fellow students spent much less. I view this nothing more than sexual discrimination and I will find a different avenue to purchase my scrubs once I start and continue my medical career.
