5	Dr. Docasar is an excellent doctor. I've been seeing her for a few years now. She is never in a rush or ever makes me feel like my questions are annoying. I like that she embraces natural remedies as often as possible. She's not just trying to fill me with unnecessary prescriptions or make me take frivolous tests. You can also get a ton of other female related procedures such as waxing. I've never tried it here though. I love that they have a little half dressing room set up in each room. With a little curtain to change behind and hooks/hangers to hang your clothes. The provide an actual cloth gown rather than the terrible paper ones at most gynecologist's office. The cloth is much preferred. Doesn't make me feel like such a lab rat as they poke and prod me. Staff is friendly and this is one of the only doctors offices that I rarely wait more than 15-20 minutes. This tells me that they obviously value my time and appreciate my business.A good doctor is hard to find, and I really value Dr. Docasar. Also, my last two women's well (annual pap smear) visits have been no charge. I'm not sure if that is due to ACA, or my insurance, but it's awesome.My only negative is the small waiting room, but I rarely spend much time in it that it's a non starter.
1	Wow... I can't I have to write this review about a place I used to love. I just checked and in October 2014 I wrote a 5 star review... little did I know that a few weeks later I would be treated so poorly. Towards the end of November I received a call from someone in the office. (Unfortunately, I don't remember her name) She explained that my Pap Smear had come back abnormal and that I needed to come in for another procedure (Colposcopy). When I asked how much the procedure was for she told me that with my not having met my insurance deductible for 2013 year it would be around $200. I explained that I did not have $200 at the current time and that I would like to wait until January to have this procedure if possible, so that I could save up the money and also so that it would go towards my deductible for the whole year (2014). She seemed aggravated by my reply and hastily informed me that I needed this procedure as I probably have cancer. And this is not something I should be putting off. I told her that I didn't have a choice and this is what I had to do at the moment. I informed her I would call back in January. Fortunately, for me I've had a very similar situation happen to me when I was 20 years old, so I am aware that often doctor staff is not well versed in explaining procedures to patients. I was a little shocked that she would basically threaten me with cancer, but also tried to understand that she was hopefully just looking out for me. I'll be honest I found her to be incredibly rude and had considered writing this review at that point. The holidays got in the way I let it go.  On Jan 15 when I called to discuss scheduling my appointment, I was pretty shocked to learn that the doctor had dropped me as a patient and that I would have to see if she would consider taking me back on. The girl was a lot nicer this phone call, but I was furious. I have been a patient for a few years and I was very upset to have to go through the horrible process of trying to find a new lady doctor.  This is outrageous to me and honestly if this is how they run their business I don't want to be a patient. I feel like the doctor/staff only care about my getting cancer if I am able to schedule my appointments at their convenience. If this was such an important procedure for me to have, you would think the doctor herself would have contacted me.    Personally, I think it is inappropriate for anyone other than the doctor to be discussing whether or not I may have cancer with me over the phone. That is a very scary thing to tell someone and I don't think it should be thrown around so lightly. Clearly the patients are not that important. It's a shame because I really liked Dr. Haydee Docasar and thought that I had found a permanent OBGYN. I'm really disappointed that I have to find a new one.
1	This is easily the worst gyno I've been to. I have unfortunately been here twice and the second time only out of pure desperation because I needed a new script for the pill. Both times they messed up on my insurance information and i had to deal with my insurance, their office, and the lab that processed my Pap smear. No lie, that process took at least 4 months for everyone to get their act together. It was such a huge inconvenience that I was going to find another gyno for my second check up but I was running out of the pill and needed them to write me an emergency one month script till I could get an appointment. They forgot to call the prescription in. They forgot, after I called them twice to remind them what pharmacy and even their number!!! Like an idiot I didn't call target to check before hand and drove all the way there to find out that they FORGOT!!!!! I cannot stress enough how awful this place is and please for your own sanity do not go to this place. I will never be returning.
4	Dr. Burns was so friendly and she made me feel comfortable. I really like her and will continue to schedule appointments with her. The nurses here were sweet also. My only complaint is that the front desk receptionist was not very nice. She didnt smile or greet me when I came in. As first point of contact, I feel that there should be a more personable person at the front desk to greet patients. But because I love Dr. Burns, I will be coming back :)
1	Wow. Completely unprofessional and rude! I scheduled an appointment on ZocDoc.com for 11 o'clock for a place all the way across town. After driving for 30 minutes to get there, I was told I didn't have an appointment. They said they had called but I had never called back to confirm. I wouldn't have minded waiting for an appointment, but the way the woman at the front desk treated me was so SHITTY that I became furious. She said that they would try and "fit me in" even though there was no one else in the waiting room and that they wouldn't be able to do this in the future. She said that ZocDoc.com is simply to check to see if they have availability and that it doesn't actually schedule appointments (even though I've used this website for 4 other doctors in the past just fine). I sat down and explained to my boyfriend what the situation was and he had asked for explanation. She told him the same thing she told me. I was talking to my boyfriend about how frustrating the whole thing was and she stood up and looked over at us and said "I'm just trying to get your information in the system. Is there a problem?" I was flabbergasted. Really. I've had some bad experiences before with doctors but this takes the cake as far as being treated poorly by staff.I got so angry by what she had said and the way that she had treated us that I walked out and asked my boyfriend to grab my insurance card for me, as they still had it and were checking on my eligibility. I would NEVER go back again and wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy. Now, because I left and didn't wait for an appointment to open up, they reported to ZocDoc that I missed my appointment THAT THEY SAID I DIDNT HAVE IN THE FIRST PLACE. On ZocDoc.com, you can only miss 2 appointments before you're unable to use the website anymore. I have to contact ZocDoc to clarify that I drove over an hour to not even get an appointment and be treated like garbage and be told that I didn't even schedule an appointment in the first place. They told ZocDoc that I skipped an appointment when they told me I didn't have one, and not in nice terms.This place isRUDEUNPROFESSIONALFULL OF CRAPThey need to pull their heads out of their butts and learn how to treat not just customers, but PEOPLE.. Don't go here.
2	I saw Haydee Docasar on 8/20/09, for a routine, yearly pap smear.I did not want any other tests, because I knew my insurance at the time would not pay for them.After my appointment,  I receive a bill from Quest diagnostics, for my pap smear, which was.....about $6. I paid it.After that, I receive another bill from Quest, only this time, for $160;for tests CPT CODES 87591- Gonorrhoeae and Trahomatis.UNKNOWN TO ME, something from MY BODY, was sent out for testing.I tried calling AWP, and had several missed attempts. An employee named "Jimmy" and I were playing phone tag. After several calls, with no response, I figured that the issue was fixed. Seeing as how I did not ask for any tests.1/30/10,I get a collections notice, for the $160.On 2/12 I sent a letter to AWP contesting these charges.During my visit, I was NEVER asked, nor where the tests addressed. I was not told by Docasar or the staff that samples would be sent to Quest for testing. I was there for a pap smear ONLY, and nothing else.I asked Docasar to pay the bill.I DO, along with any other patient, HAVE THE RIGHT OF REFUSAL.*****On 2/18 I receive an answer from AWP.Dr. Docasar follows the recommendations of the "American College of Obstertrics and Gynecology" for sexually active patients ages 19 to 35 is a yearly PAP that includes a screening for Gonorrhea and Chlamydia. This is their standards, which I did not see marked on their paperwork.Dr. Docasar agreed to pay the charges, and I was "dismissed" from Docasar's care and AWP.FINE WITH ME.The only reason why I'm giving her two stars is because she paid the charges. This place has NO right to do tests without patient's permission.Haydee Docasar took it upon herself to conduct these tests without discussing them with me, and if she would have let me know that they were "mandatory" with a pap smear, I would have put my pants on and walked right out.
1	I really wish I would of read these reviews before I chose this place. If I could give this place no stars, I would. I have never had so many problems, or had such horrible customer service. FIrst off, I would like to say the nurses here are amazing, but sadly that doesn't make up for the horrible level of service I recieved on the multiple ocassions I had to come here. The blonde girl working the desk is rude, and incompetent. She needs to be slapped in the face. She should not be speaking to your patients the way she does. You really need to look in to letting her go.I went in for just a normal pap, since we just moved here I needed a new OBGYN.The exam rooms are in no way private. You can hear the doctors and nurses talking to the other patients. I could hear everything! It should not be this way in a clinic where your medical information is supposed to stay between you and the doctor.  My results from my pap came back abnormal, and I had to go back in to get more tests done. The front office staff always messed up my information when booking these follow up appointments. Told me I had to have a $400 test done twice, when I was just coming in for results the second time. When they first called me to tell me about my test results, they were so unprofessional, and just said "you might have cancer, but this is the only day you can get in for an appointment for like a month or two, and it is tomorrow". I had to get a surgical procedure done, which we didn't have the money for, but got loans to make it work, because it could possibly be cancer. I am not going to let that go. When I went back  for my post surgical appointment, Dr. Burns basically said that before the surgery, my cervix had started healing itself, which is super rare, and that next time she wouldn't be so aggressive with things. So after putting me through all the bullshit with your staff, the thousands of dollars we ended up owing because of it, and the  pain I went through after the surgery, it was all for nothing!  You don't put your patients through surgery if it isn't absolutely necessary! I am beyond furious, there are no words for how horrible I had been treated at this place. I haven't even listed half the problems I had with this office, because they are too private.   I am in the process of switching OBGYN's, and while trying to get my medical records sent there, I once again ran in to problems with the front office staff. The new place sent two faxes for the release of my medical records, and Dr. Burns staff claimed they never receieved them. They finally decide to get out of their chairs and check the fax machine, and guess what,  she said she had to "dig through some stuff, but she found it". Are you serious? I have had more than enough from this place, and I will not be returning. If you care about yourself at all, do not come here.
1	** REVIEW WAS BASED ON DR. DOCASARS PERSONAL OFFICE - I NEEDED TO POST THIS AGAIN DUE TO HER ASSOCIATION WITH THIS OFFICE!BEWARE !!! DO NOT WAIST YOUR TIME!! I CAME TO THIS PLACE BECAUSE OF THE GOOD REVIEWS!! Let me try to do this a briefly as possible. this was the first time i have ever had a pap smear.(we all know it is hard to find a good doctor to trust) at first i was happy with the service. the doctor is nice. i chose not to sign to do an HPV screening because i wasnt sure if my insurance would cover it. after my pap i mentioned to the doctor that i didnt sign for it because i was unsure about coverage. the doctor mentioned to me that she went ahead and opt me in to get the test done because of my age and it being my first exam. WELL at first i thought ok thats nice of her. A week passed i didnt get a call from them in regards to my exam. The doctor said if there was no call it was because everything was ok. Because im a stickler on things i went ahead and requested my results myself from QUEST. Shockingly i saw for myself that my results were in fact ABNORMAL. i gave the office a call and asked if they got my results. i was told they would find out from the doctor because she wasnt there. they did give me a call back to let me know the results were in and that the doctor would like to see me. i asked her if this was urgent and she wasnt sure at all. she was not helpful AND I WAS RUSHED OFF THE PHONE. i got off the phone extremely scared and worried. i decided to call back and ask for a call from the doctor. their response is the doctor doesnt do calls. WOW!! i get it they deal with this daily, but other people put their health concerns in their hands they have no compassion. the woman on the phone said to me, i already spoke to you i will email the doctor and find out if its urgent! she calls me back to let me know the doctor said i could wait until december 2, which was my original follow up date(a month after my exam). for a piece of mind i decided to call back and ask to be seen sooner. (i had hope this was a one time bad experience and i felt i could give the place another chance) boy was i wrong. the doctor is pleasant i even advised my sister to have her exam with doctor docasar. the staff may be horrible people but the doctor wasnt bad. my mom went ahead to schedule for my sister and OF COURSE they do not take my insurance.! i was seen a week prior i did not get 1 phone call about that. i called them to confirm if that was true and it was. i asked how much i would need  to pay out of pocket. they told me we will call u b4 ur appt to let you know. The day of my appointment comes around and i did not get a call. i call into the office to find out they did not schedule me correctly. they set me up late december!! IF SOMETHING IS WRONG WITH ME WHY WOULD I WAIT EVEN LONGER!!?? Thats the lack of care from the schedulers end. (MIND YOU I STILL WAS NOT TOLD THAT MY RESULTS WERE NOT NORMAL) she told me i could get you in because we have a cancelation.( ughh hello,  its customer service to see me THE MISTAKE WAS ON THEIR END. ) I asked AGAIN how much it would cost and she said idk ill call u back. they call me back to tell me it was 180, i asked if i could do a payment plan and of course the answer was no, we wont see u until thats paid. well being that i was aware of my results i was willing to pay the cash fee. they call me back 2 hrs later and tell me that another procedure was needed to be done so they didnt know if i wanted to pay for it or not.!!! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?? when did they plan to tell me this. I WENT BACK AND FORTH WITH THESE PEOPLE FOR HOURS, THEY HAD ME ON HOLD EVERY TIME FOR A MINIMUM OF 10 MIN. never in my life did i feel like just a number when it came to my health!! IF NOTHINGS WRONG WITH U IM SURE THEY WILL TREAT YOU FINE, BUT IF YOU HAVE ISSUES PLEASE BE AWARE THEY WILL NOT CARE ABOUT YOUR WELL BEING OR HAVE COMPASSION FOR WHAT YOU ARE GOING THROUGH! ohh to top it off they took a urinary sample and NEVER SENT IT TO QUEST LABS FOR TESTING!!! in the end of all this i decided not to go thought with my follow up. i found a different doctor and i hope to god they will treat me as a human.!DO NOT WAIST YOUR TIME. THERE ARE OTHER DOCTORS OUT THERE! its sad that a bad staff can ruin it for a decent doctor!!!!
