5	I own a small business and this is the only company that I have ever liked working with.  From India, to developers, to marketers, to graphic design artists... I have been unimpressed with poor quality and people trying to take my money.  This place does stunning work, charges reasonable prices and is a dream to do business with.I only wish they offered more services!  They have done my business cards and brochures.  Everyone comments on how nice my business cards are... in fact, I've never seen better.  These people are very talented and professional.
2	I use to get my cards from them and it has been great. For some reason the customer service has been on a downward free fall. I was suckered into their membership program ($14.99)  with the 10% discount card + $30 gift card and you get a folder of all their samples (which was free before but now they charge). I was excited to reorder from them since I got a lot of compliments on my old cards. It's been 3 weeks since I've ordered my business cards and after 5 days and I still didn't get my online proof so I called and he responded in 10 minutes. I got it and confirmed and gave him the okay to print ONE minute after I got it. I just wanted to hurry for them to get it in production. I spoke to the manager Julie about this and she said she'll expedite them.  Ok, so hearing that made me feel better. It's been 3 WEEKS and still got nothing! I called them to see what's going on and Julie tells me they are STILL NOT IN PRODUCTION?! Really Taste of Ink? 3 weeks and still not in print? You got to be kidding me! She then tells me I'll get them by the end of this week or early next week, which will be 1 month after I ordered. WOW! Total disappointment!!!! I didn't pay big bucks to get designer cards for nothing. Then Julie promises that they'll get them overnight shipped to me and has no idea what's going on over the production side and will call me back tomorrow. She's the manager and has no idea? Another disappointmentI made 4 calls to this company. None of them are reaching out to me to tell me about the status and delay. I had really high expectations from this company and I'm not sure anymore. There are other companies I can go to and maybe this will be my last order from them.
1	If I can give 0 stars, I would in a heart beat!It's been ONE week after I contacted them and still received nothing. Their phone lines are busy and doesn't even give you a option to hold until the next available representative. Their manager Julie said it'll get to me by Friday. Well guess what? It's Saturday and still NOTHING. I requested for a full refund and taking my business elsewhere. THIS BUSINESS IS BOGUS, LIES, FALSE PROMISES, AND HAS BAD BUSINESS PRACTICE
1	4/14/12 - If I can give 0 stars, I would in a heart beat!It's been ONE week after I contacted them and still received nothing. Their phone lines are busy and doesn't even give you a option to hold until the next available representative. Their manager Julie said it'll get to me by Friday. Well guess what? It's Saturday and still NOTHING. I requested for a full refund and taking my business elsewhere. THIS BUSINESS IS BOGUS, LIES, FALSE PROMISES, AND HAS BAD BUSINESS PRACTICEUPDATED:4/16/12Just received it. And return address is from CHINA. not Arizona where their office is. When Julie said she'll check with production, she meant contact China, no wonder she couldn't give me a answer in a matter of minutes, but instead the next day. I think if they were up front about where it's being printed and how long it  would have taken I would be patient and understanding.But this company wants you to believe that it's getting printed in the states. Makes sense why it took so long. TasteofInk, honestly will get a long way and lies get you no where. Asked for a return and they just ignored my email. Horrible company. Taking my business elsewhere.
1	Ripoff. Beware. They send out the print job. Cards are delivered from China! Don't be fooled by the web site. You will NEVER get a straight answer from them. Is this even a real B/M store?0 stars if I could.
4	I have worked with Taste of Ink for a few years now, and they continue to produce high quality work.  Our in house guys have worked with their folks and continually collaborate to put out leading edge graphic and print designs that set our company apart from the rest.  Good people, incredible work, highly recommend !
2	I just received a set of business cards that I ordered from them a few weeks ago. I ordered my boss a new set of business cards as a gift because he had mentioned, on more than one occasion, that the cards we get through our company are flimsy. So, I thought it would be a good idea to order him cards, in the same format, but with a thicker cardstock and with some spot gloss (as I was told by their rep that it really makes the logo pop). I was really underwhelmed by the final product. The paper is not white - they clearly decided to go with some eggshell shade without asking me, the cardstock is fine, but nothing about these cards really stands out. For the price, I thought I would be getting something much nicer. They can't send you a proof - I asked. So you're basically stuck with whatever they send you. Now I know - stick with local printers, view a hard proof before you pay!
1	If NO stars was a choice these clowns would earn it. Horrible service, lies, awful business model. Beware. Missed deadlines, made up stories, and pointed fingers to other irrelevent milestones. If you need quality on time work performed, you will not find it here.
1	The Worst. Missed every deadline like it was their job. Designed our "custom" website in a cheesy wordpress format that is outdated and can never be changed other than text. Overpriced and under-delivered. Spent almost $10k and was completely ripped off.
