4	Was there for a birthday, food was amazing! DJ fantastic...
5	Had a few people recommend this place for both a supper spot and for the club.   We went elsewhere for supper on this Friday night - but close to 11:30pm decided to head over here to check it out... You would never run into this place by accident - almost no signage and it's in the basement !  This place is a restaurant from about 8:30pm to 11:30 - then they clear the tables and it becomes a night club.. When we arrived at about midnight - there was already a long line up - the lineup is in an alley as you enter from the back.  Good thing of the people in our party knew the owner so we went right in.   Nice layout, a lot of great looking women and great music.  Drinks are a little on the pricy side - I had a number of Hendricks and Seven @ $12.00 plus tip each!Great vibe but if you don't want to stand in line reserved for dinner and stay for the club!
4	A couple of friends and myself went there last Thursday night. Again, as everybody is mentioning, you have to know where it is as you never walked in accidentally. Happy hour wasn't packed but you still need a reservation to get in. Food was great, and we particularly enjoyed the fried dumplings. Not a big sake fan but we had a chilled served one and it was ok.I'll definitely get to this place again in the near future.
4	Food : Excellent. Definitely up to par. Highly recommend the sashimi and the beef tartare. Very bold flavors and decently priced wine.Service : the male staff is very helpful, knowledgeable, polite and actually nice. The female staff (with the exception of one whom i unfortunately forgot her name) is, well... let's just say they needed female staff. I understand that the fact that i'm a girl, i might get poorer service, but they are actually not so knowledgeable (to avoid using any other word).Very trendy and great music. Love this place.
5	I went there for the first time last saturday night for a casual dinner. My friends and I booked a table 5 days before through email then through phone and staff was very courteous.Food was delicious. I ordered pork dumplings and black cod. They were both tasty. I highly recommend the white chocolate brownie if it's still available. It's a must. Close to paradise. Plus, it's gluten free.Cocktails were also good and unique since mixologists use specific ingredients to add to their blend. This high-end japanese brasserie is inviting and warming.
5	went here around 1 am over F1 weekend, amazing music, great staff and fun crowd
1	Clubbing, not dinner experience. Went with some well dressed friends to join a birthday happening inside. Was denied entry because we "didn't bring any girls", and refused to look at guest list to find the party and let us in.
4	Came here after dinner on a Friday night to go out for a birthday celebration. Amazing ambiance- you enter down a flight of stairs with gold wallpaper- and enter a beautiful room with romantic lighting and two large bars. The crowd is a mix of well-dressed, young professionals and also has older age groups as well. Awesome DJ spinning loud, fun music. Around 11 PM the dinner crowd clears out and they take away the bar stools and chairs and it turns into a nightclub. It does get crowded later in the night, so it is best to arrive early. A very fun club that I will definitely return to when I come back to Montreal!
5	For "mtl a table" with three course meal on a Wednesday night @ 8.Place was nice. Girls n guys were nice n very good service right at the moment u get walked in. Drinks were good @ 12$ cocktails. Wednesday is oyster special @ 1$ each. Comes in dozens only. Food tasted good. There's a person providing refreshments (gum,  etc. Dunno what the name for them) if needed. Service was great n very responsive n tentative. Only bad thing was... Depending where u sit u may not get phone data reception... I got one bar reception. Left at 10pm so the place didn't turn over to a bar yet.
4	Awesome croissant, fantastic soy steam and regular milk stream, pretty good espresso pull. Very nice, intimate coffee shop. Barista at the time of visit was very friendly.
4	This little espresso bar on St-Pierre just off the main tourist strip of St-Paul in Old Montreal is a great spot for a quick coffee when you are looking for quality caffeination but are not in the mood to wait in line for a table at the noisy and always hectic O+G around the corner.Not that everyone will appreciate this but for a giant design nerd like myself, the super modern minimalistic wood interior with 60s-inspired collages on the walls and well-curated design magazine rack was a huge bonus. For real though if you are in the old port and need to kill a half an hour or so and don't want to have to sit next to American tourists with fanny packs, this place is your best bet by far.
