4	Happiness!  Happiness!  This pizza was soooo good.  It could have been that I was just really hungry.  Or it could have been that I just haven't had East Coast style pizza in so long.  Or it could have been that it really simply was really good pizza.  Or maybe it was a combination of all of these reasons.We ordered a medium pizza with Italian sausage and green bell peppers.  When you pay at the cash register, there are big containers of crushed red pepper and garlic salt to sprinkle on your pizza while you wait for your change (they charge an extra dollar if you want to use a credit card).  The crust was nice and thin.  There was PLENTY of cheese on every slice and the bell peppers were cooked to perfection.  A little bit wilted from being baked but still a little crispy.  PERFECT!I'm not sure if I would sit down and eat here (there were several places to sit but it would have gotten comfy with more than 15 people in there) as it was pretty warm & dark inside.  Just call ahead and do carry-out.  It was great!
3	Great for late night appetites!! They're open late and they're really cheap. I enjoy just plain pizza. It's a lot like Papa Gino's traditional in Boston.
5	Get a square pizza and a family of four can eat for days!
3	If you are drunk.... as in silly drunk, loud drunk, agitated drunk, confused drunk, mellow drunk, giggly drunk, lost drunk, or still-have-$5-in-your-pocket drunk... this is where you want to eat. You're likely to have amusing memories here as you sort of sober up with other hungry drunk people who are all lured in by the aroma of pizza. Note: the pizza tastes like a slice-of-heart-attack during the daytime, however there is something oh so good about it when eaten at 1:45 am.
5	What is a heart attack?  What does one taste like? I like Lilly. We have much respect.  However, I find that Gals don't share the love for VC that guys tend to - that is, the love for VC during the day.  Well, I, for one, like VC during the day.  But it depends on your toppings.  I always get feta, mushrooms, and pineapple.  Though I know feta, mushrooms, and olives to be lovely, as well.If you get cheese or pepperoni or sausage or such a topping, your pizza will not be good.  It will be greasy and yucky.  But then, what do you expect if you are so unoriginal in your topping selection.  But if you know your daily VC pizza, you too will love your pizza - day or night - at the VC.
4	This is the place to be late-night...  You can get some good pizza, watch the drunken antics around you and possibly be the star attraction if you ARE that drunk person.  They cook your pizza pretty quickly and it has always been good.  Tip:  call ahead as you are walking over and your pizza will be done that much more quickly!p.s.  this place is 3 stars for food, but gets upgraded to 4 stars for the stories I have to tell because of the antics witnessed here!
3	This is absolutely drunk food. For a $5 credit minimum you get 3 big crispy slices of plain pizza (for a rounded out $5). There's also a six pack to go that is pretty price but decent. The place, however, is really terrible looking and smelled kind of weird. It apparently has a very tiny bar too.Again: good drunk food. Probably not good sober food.
5	Wooooooooow.....Simply the BEST pizza in pittsburgh. Now they have moved to 815 S Aiken Ave, Pittsburgh PA 15232 and delivers.412 682 6878Love their dough and fresh toppings. I cannot find a better pizza place in pittsburgh in the 8 years that I have lived here. Friendly staff and very very good stuffed pie and very spicy and delicious red pepper and sausage pie. I highly recommend everyone to try it.
5	i think this is the right place.. near the shopping center? kind of a hole in the wall? i was a little put off by how dirty the place seemed, but the pizza was DELICIOUS. nice and crispy, just like i like it. not stingy on the toppings while not overwhelming the pizza either.
4	This place capped the night after getting hammerred in Shadyside 95% of the time.  It was pretty much guaranteed the drunken antics that would go down here would make you crack up.  The food was mediocre at best, but the old Indian dude that owned it (Pagoda as we all affectionately referred to him as) was worth the price of admission.  I downgraded it from 5 stars to 4 because his son sucks.
4	Thank you to Bonnie T. who mentioned that Village Pizza had moved to 815 S. Aiken Ave.  I will leave my review there!  BTW that move also came with a name change - they are now S. Aiken Bar and Grille.I was so sad when I walked by the old Village Pizza and they were closed.  When I read that they had moved - I walked to the address and was even more confused that it did not say 'Village Pizza'.
5	I am from Chicago so I take pizza very seriously.  I love Village Pizza.  I honestly think it is the best pizza in the USA.  When I go to Pittsburgh it is the first place I want to go and make it a point to go everyday I am in town.  The fact that they also carried 40 ozs to single cans of beers was impressive.  I wish there was somewhere half as good as Village Pizza here in Chicago.  The pizza is delicious.  Do yourself a favor and go there and as someone else stated they moved so find their new location at 815 S Aiken.
