3	Garden Ridge, like Hobby Lobby, is a monstrous store - but even more so.  In addition to crafts, decor and seasonal items, you can find just about anything you'd want, including furniture.They have a large section of chairs, sofas, tables and the like.  Of course you can find just about any kind of artwork or mirror, as well as a pedestal or vase, or perhaps some flora to put in the vase.Need something for the season?  Garden Ridge has what seems to be at least a quarter of the store dedicated to seasonal merchandise.  Christmas ornaments are organized by color.  Yes, you can go down an aisle and look for orange ornaments.  It's actually a little bizarre, but I'm guessing that there's a call for it.
2	The store is huge! Lots to choose from. Furniture, outdoor furniture, home decor, bath, bedding, garden, books and more. They have a huge selection of scrubs (super cheap) which I find odd but I am sure that's nice for those who need scrubs. They have lots of clearance at 50-75% off, so prices are great, but quality is crap on a lot of items. Due to crappy quality, lack of staff (I saw 2 people in the entire store), and the awful return policy (they won't do anything at all w/out a receipt) I give it 2 stars.
1	Stay away. There are other comparable stores that you can not only get better quality from but be greeted by nicer staff. I have had 3 horrible experiences here. Trick me once shame on you, trick me twice shame on me. Shame on me for even going back a third time they don't know the meaning of customer service and you can see the staff hate their jobs. They will not be getting another dime from me.
5	This place is massive! Whether you're in the need of seasonal decor or everyday things, garden ridge is the place that has it. It is back behind everything so it's kid of hard to find if you don't know where you're going.
4	They've got a little but of everything. If you're looking for home items, they're the place to go. A lot little eclectic items that you wouldn't find most places. In the past month, I've been like 3x, each time I walk out with more than I wanted. Last nights visit, however, kept me in the store longer than expected. All I wanted to do was an exchange, but note that's extremely difficult without a receipt. I didn't want NY money back just the normal, I'll give you a gift card. Finally, after their computer taking 10 min to process, I was able to get out of there with what I wanted. They do warn you, keep receipt and payment method in case of a return. This partially my fault. Also, bonus they're open to 10pm weekdays.
4	If you have been to Garden Ridge before and have not been in a while you definitely need to visit again. The store is slowing changing over from Garden Ridge to At Home. They have a lot of the same items just more of them and the store is a lot neater. They have a nice selection of chairs, rugs, mattresses, paintings, mirrors, pillows and much more.  Be prepare to be there a while if you want to look at everything.
