3	This is a hidden secret of Pittsburgh.The restaurant is in the cafeteria of the church.  I go their for lunch.  The service is quick, the food is homemade, and the price is right.The food is traditional american food.  They serve wraps, fish, yogurt, fruit, salads and soups.  They have a different menu every day.  I had baked fish, mac and cheese, and a side salad.  It cost me $6 and was pretty good.The restaurant inside doesn't offer much in the way of atmosphere.  It is old school cafeteria style, just like grade school.It is a good place to go for a quick cheap lunch that tastes good.The best thing of all is you are supporting a local church so you can leave there feeling blessed!!
4	Fish fry what what!  I must have literally walked past our Daily Bread Cafeteria 3000 times always seeing the open doors, always reading the daily specials but never stopping but today I  put my bustling on hold to get in on the Lenten specials. For a mere $6.15 I got a filling home cooked or rather church cooked lunch. My lunch included fried cod mac and cheese and stewed tomatoes with a roll and butter.  I detected salt free cooking but the fish really popped once I added house made cocktail sauce. The stewed tomatoes were great and were prepared with garlic and green peppers. For my first fish fry it was a great experience.
1	If you plan on getting married here please ask them what their rules are regarding wedding photography and videography before you book.  They have very strict rules here and your hired professionals will have severe limitations on where they can be and what they can do.Unfortunately I see this kind of thing all too often and the church's reason being that they want to "preserve the sanctity of the ceremony and the religion."  Meanwhile guests are taking video and photos with their smart devices.  If churches, like this one, wanted to preserve the sanctity of the ceremony than their rules should apply to all, not just the people hired by the couple to be there.
1	Rules made by men. Check them before you book this church to get married or any other event. Their restrictions are far beyond respect and more on the ridiculous side. Stay away from this church.
