5	My kids go to this dojo and they are very good on teaching my kids.  My kids use to be very shy because of their weight and now they have lost a lot of weight and they are so proud of themself, walking around in school with pride.
5	I've studied in many arts, in 2012 I started looking for a school for my wife and I to train at, she wasn't yet interested, I called grand master Luna after talking to him on the phone I begged my wife to go that following day to look at this dojo, we decided to join after meeting everyone we bought our Gi's and started that following week that was 2 years ago and we have enjoyed it on a constant bases 4 days a week 2 hours a day since we're now brown belts. I've lost nearly 40 plus pounds and have became a exercise nut, I'm in the best shape of my life I recommend this school to anyone looking for self defense training Hawaiian style, within this school you will learn Kenpo Karate kajukenbo kung fu and judo.
5	I can't say enough about this place.  I originally took my 2 sons, and slowly began to join the adults, and now I can't get enough. I've trained at other schools, where you pay top dollar, sign contracts, have limited hours, etc. This place is nothing like those. It's a humble, family friendly environment, low cost and so much knowledge being passed around. I've never seen a place where you can learn from 2 grand masters from different styles and actually spend a lot of time with them. You'll get lessons from Black belts from 1st degree all the way to 7th degree on any given night. Students learn Kenpo Karate, Kajukembo, Boxing, grappling, while getting in shape and learning discipline.Don't be fooled by other school's with their fancy equipment, mats, and head instructors you'll never train with once they get your money (unless you pay extra for 1-on-1 sessions). Grand Master Benny runs a tight ship, steps in when he sees you need it and loves all his students. Do your research and you'll see that Grand Master Benny has trained with or under some of the top martial artist in the US.
