2	If Sleep is Important to You, Stay Somewhere Else I stayed at the Four Points by Sheraton Temp on Aug 3 & 7, 2008 on a business travel as a Starwood Preferred Guest Gold member and was unable to get a good night's sleep on both nights. Following are my comments: PROS: = Staff is very positive and friendly. Those that work in the restaurant and bar are very accommodating and possess a strong "can do" attitude. = Hotel interior is only a few months old, so it's clean, modern and stylish for this level of hotel. = Complimentary bottled water (2) and wi-fi  per room = 32" flat panel TV, coffee/tea maker, iron in room = Computers and printer for all guests' complimentary use = Decently and newly equipped fitness room = Outdoor pool and lounge chairs CONS: = Air conditioner/heater is NOISY beyond believe and that's on the low setting. Definitely the loudest air conditioning system in a hotel I've ever stayed in. = Room facing the pool (and Rural Road ) have NOISY road traffic all day and all night. = Rooms are NOISY as sound insulation between them and from the hall is almost non-existent. = Bathroom exhaust fan is NOISY and is louder than the hair dryer on high. = Hotel is right next to Arizona State University and there were several NOISY teen/college age parties going on, complete with screaming in hallways and off balconies, slamming doors, booze, and, of course, marijuana aroma from rooms.. = Rooms on the ground floor offer no privacy unless you want to keep the curtains drawn at all times. = Only difference between standard rooms and Starwood Preferred Guest (SPG) rooms is extra mouthwash and Q-tips, so don't expect any special SPG treatment at this property no matter what SPG membership level you possess. Of special is note is that the hotel's electricity went out on Aug 7 around 8:30 and all the way through almost sunrise. Understandably, the elevators, phones, air conditioning, etc did not work at all. The entire hotel was stifling hot and there was no wi-fi access. The employees all had a positive attitude and did what they could to assist and keep guests entertained, so kudos to them. I recommend travelers stay elsewhere if they want to be able to sleep at night or if they're bothered by noise.
3	you want a hotel, what really matters?Cleanliness!!!  5 stars.Friendly staff.And they got the really good cylindrical candies... mmmmm.  ok, now that we got that out of the way.... some funky odors in one of the hallways and elevator at one end of the hall was out of order our entire stay.i would come back though.  solid price performer.
3	I made it home for two nights, and I would do it again. It is extremely close to ASU's campus. It was clean, people were friendly and I got a free ride to the airport. It was a great price; normal mid-range hotel with no amazing views. It has the amenities you need for a quick visit-including a pool and gym. The free continental breakfast is ok, especially if you just want cereal. I would not order bacon-not worth $2 extra.
3	Pros:Staff - especially Joey who helped with the shuttle.  GREAT personality, remembered where we had been dropped off, always helpful.  DON'T FORGET TO TIP YOUR SHUTTLE DRIVER PEOPLE!  If you can't afford $2 as a thanks for a free ride from the airport, pay the cabbie $15 instead!Bar area - nice vibe, good simple drinksParking - lots of it!Cons:SUPER NOISY ALL NIGHT!  The contact high from the marijuana in our hallways and outside wafting in was annoying, the constant voices of guests until 4 in the morning in the hallway and in the parking lot ruined all chance of sleep, and the elevator echoes down the hallways.No gum in the "convenience store"?  Seriously?Too many Seahawks fans, though that was hardly the hotel's fault.
5	AWESOME Front Desk Staff - We LOVE Kenneth!!! Everyone was super nice, very accommodating, and friendly. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going through the Phoenix area. They take security seriously, and the room was divine. Way to go Team Sheraton! (and Kenneth, did we mention Kenneth? fantastic, wonderful Kenneth!)
4	The customer service is great! they have a gym and pool that opens at 6am and closes at 11pm. They provide a complimentary continental breakfast for guests and also have a full service kitchen. they have a living area with a huge flat screen to watch games and a full bar across the way. oh, and cant forget the internet cafe area. They also have a bell hop to handle your luggage in and out of your car. the rooms are queen size beds and have patios. i love it! also, great tip AAA discount 15%..
3	It is what it is. No frills. Fine front desk staff and general cleanliness. I felt safe and the bed was comfortable. I'll tell ya - my favorite thing about this place is the bar Baer's Den at the end of the parking lot! The breakfast should not be $10, it should be included! I did however have a fantastic breakfast sandwich at the Safeway right down the street!
1	One of our worst hotel experiences ever.  It is quite old and outdated.  The elevator (there's only one) is terribly slow.  The wireless Internet, while free, is slower than dial-up and is unusable.  We switched over to 3G connection to avoid it.  The barn door bathroom doors wouldn't even close all the way.  There was only one attendant at the front desk the entire 3+ day trip.  Breakfast, while free, was again very slow...a common theme for this establishment.  I ate the powered hotel eggs instead of ordered fried eggs after the first day because I didn't want to waste 30 minutes on breakfast.  The gym is open 24 hours but it is under provisioned with broken down aerobic equipment.  On the bright side, they did have dumbbells in the gym and large rooms with a nice shower.  Also, the location is excellent for access to ASU.  All in all, I'm surprised Sheraton allows its name on this one.  I won't be back.
3	This place is a bit odd, but a decent enough space to stay. The room seemed spacious, but the styling is unusual. I think that's an intentional "modern" thing, but it has a wooden barn-door style sliding door on the bathroom, a no-tub shower, and all-around very minimalist furniture. I was alone, but I don't feel like the bathroom door provides much privacy. Also, the grade of the floor was such that taking a shower meant most of the bathroom floor got a bit wet. The bedding and towels were a bit rough, they should invest in some fabric softener. The free wi-fi was decent. I'd probably stay here again. But it was clean and well-kept, the people were friendly, and the spacious room was nice. Also, my fellow boarders were a bit loud, but the management did what they could to keep people quite.
4	I called this place home for several days when I first moved to Tempe.  I thought I had a permanent place worked out before moving down here, but that fell through, so I needed some place last minute, someplace close to my law school for orientation.Four Points was great.  I wish I could have afforded to live there permanently, but living in a hotel permanently is too pricy (obviously).  However, the the rates here were very good, especially considering the location and the quality of the hotel, so I feel like I got a good value.Location:  This place is conveniently located right on the southeast corner of the main ASU campus.  It's within walking distance of campus, several restaurants, liquor stores, a grocery store, and the light rail.  It's offers plenty of parking, is easy to find, and is easy to get in and out of.  You can't get too much more convenient if you're coming to Tempe.  It's very close to the 202, the 60, and the 101.Facilities:  The facilities were good, just what you'd expect from a hotel in this class.  Pool, restaurant, bar, convenience store, business center, etc.  Everything was in good shape, very clean, and well maintained.Service:  The staff was friendly, hospitable, and quick to respond to customer needs.  Great job!Rooms:  The rooms are very comfortable and clean, and reasonably spacious.  The decor is fairly up-to-date and modern, and if you need to stay in a room for a few hours to get some work done, there is plenty of work space.  The rooms are quite, have nice TVs, and have great furniture.  You really can't ask for much more from a room without going up to a suite-level room; for being just a regular room, these were very nice.  The beds were comfortable, and I really liked the cool, lightweight yet cozy bedding.  The bathrooms are nice, too.  Yeah, the sliding door is a bit weird, and yeah, the shower doors that go to the floor tend to get the floor a bit wet near the shower, and yeah, a bathtub would have been nice, but none of those were deal breakers for me.  The bathroom was still very nice and served its purpose.  Oh, and the AC in the rooms is phenomenal.  You never know how much you can appreciate a quick and cold AC until you walk in from 120 degrees of blazing heat outside.  I wanted a bottle of wine, so I went outside to walk to the liquor store across the street.  As soon as I hit the Phoenix sun beating down on the sidewalk, I promptly turned back around, bought a bottle from the bar in the hotel, and went and enjoyed the cold room!Food:  I don't often order in-room food since I prefer to go out and explore the town, but because I was here for so long, and because I was super busy, I did order food a couple of times.  The food was pretty good, actually.  The menu was diverse enough for everyone to find something to like, portion sizes were generous, and pricing was quite good.  They don't try to gouge like some higher end hotels do.  The food was delivered quickly, was hot and fresh, and presented nicely.  I wouldn't hesitate to order in-room again if I ever needed to stay here again.All around, this place was a solid choice.  It is better than most hotels in this price range, it was very convenient, and all of the facilities were well maintained and comfortable.
3	Staff was helpful and the room was adequate. They do allow small dog, and that's a plus for us. However, the rooms and plumbing are a bit dated and the college crowd can be a little noisy all night. The shower broke in our first room and the toilet broke in the one they moved us into. The regular rate is $225 but we paid $75 (prepaid). I wouldn't pay much more than that for this hotel.
4	I've stayed here, oh, a few hundred nights over the past few years.  Helpful staff who work hard, close to ASU, and a good value.
3	Hotel that makes you feel at home!Service = Amazing!!! The front door lady was really helpful and was able to answer all my questions. They give you a free bottle of water with your stay which most places don't, so that is great! The bartender working there is pretty nice too. We had a lot of laughs and fun drinks. Try her AMF... it is DA BOMB!!!!! Room = pretty comfy and clean! You know its a legit place when the cups are not glass and are single serving plastic protectant. Place is roomier than your average hotel and another "tell" on the place being good is the fact the TV will go back to the 1st channel every time you turn it on.Food = UGGGGGHHHHHHH ok so far, it seems like luxury.. but man their food was TERRIBLE. First night we had the pasta buffet.. there were only 4 items in the buffet.. a sloppy spagetti, unfresh salad, some chicken dish, and overcooked veggies. Bleh! The last morning there, we decided to get breakfast before the airport. How could you mess up breakfast?!?!! The bacon was oily as hell, scrambled eggs is worse than the ones made from the box, ran out of milk and took forever to get an OJ refill.. why not just have a machine or leave the pitcher out?!? They had yogurt and a made to order omelette kitchen whcih were good, but everything else... wowwwww sucky! Improve the food then we'll add more stars!Overall, I would advise against eating here, but stay wise it is world class place to stay. There's tons of food and the school is really close by. Its a couple of blocks away from the light rail too, so gives you a chance to go to downtown tempe or phoenix.
5	The best Starwood Hotel I've stayed at in the past 4 years. On a trip that took me on various Starwood Hotels from Tempe to Long Beach to Santa Monica to Los Angeles, this  will top it all and it has all to do with customer service. Writers, thinkers, owners, the internet world have all said that 2013 would be the year customer service returned; well they were right. I flew in the night before into Phoenix and drove into Flagstaff that same night then drove back down to Tempe the next morning. By the time I arrived to the hotel it was safe to say that I was Mr. Grumpers. I was greeted by Lisa who checked me in and told me how to and where to send in my Starhot letter. When I got to the room I later received a call saying they had received my email confirmation. I then later asked the front desk agent Faith, who is a student at ASU on local places nearby for a scenic sunset. She recommended going to the "A" Mountain and it was the best decision I made. I saw one of the best views in the country that evening. It was a bit of a hike up especially with the sun setting fast. Once I got up there you saw the city and the mountains in the background, basically a picture says a 1,000 words. I got back and showed Faith and Lisa my pictures they were really digging it with no bs which is rare to find. We had a whole lot of side convo which I enjoyed, their manager not so much but hey their good at their job. Later on they had a split view on In N Out, I went and found out it sucked but hey I had it coming. It was the first time I spent most of my evening and morning in a hotel room. It was nice, spacious, and up to date with free parking! After staying at the Westin in Long Beach, the Sheraton in Santa Monica, and the Westin in Downtown LA this hotel topped them all.
1	Stayed at Four Points Sheraton for a conference on March 9-11, 2013. I would not stay here again. Service is poor. There is no attempt to make sure customers have all important information. I was not given my breakfast tickets when I checked in, so had to wait in line and make extra effort to get tickets, missing the first day. Walls are thin, so noise is an issue.Overall, just not wort the money... better to stay at the Best Western for half the price. Avoid if you can.
1	Everything about my visit to this hotel was putrescent. The rooms were grim and weak on functional amenities. The bed was so uncomfortable it took me an hour to sleep. The lobby reeked of beer and was crowded with paunchy old spring training fans yelling and getting loaded. Elevator was out of service half the time. Roof was leaking black goo from the fourth floor ceiling into a fetid bucket that didn't appear to have been cleaned in ages. Exterior doors didn't work with room keys. Selfsame spring training fans smoking cigars up and down the hallway so that the first room they put me in stank of cigar smoke (and the hotel staff did nothing about it). I'd rather stay in a homeless shelter than this place. Next time in Tempe I'll be sure to stay at Aloft and avoid the squalor that is the Four Points.
2	Just came back from a weekend of SF Giants Spring Training. I made this reservation with Four Points a few months back, making sure I was in close proximity to the stadium. Here are my experiences. Apologies for the long review, but wanted to share everything.-Arrived around 11:45pm. Guy at the front desk told us that there was a problem. They overbooked the hotel and were moving us to a different hotel for the night, then expecting us to move back for the second night. I asked which hotel they were moving us to and was it farther from the stadium. He said it was six miles further away from the stadium than Four Points. I was not pleased.-I asked him if I was getting my money back and he said that the first night would be refunded and they were taking care of the cost at the other hotel. I asked for a print out and he said he couldn't give me one but I should ask the next day.-The hotel shuttle took us to the other hotel (Arizona Grand Resort). My review on that will follow shortly. -When we got the the Arizona Grand Resort, I called the front desk guy to ask him if we could get a ride back to the hotel the next morning. He said that I would have to call back tomorrow morning because they don't have a set schedule for the shuttle and people who have to go to the airport have first priority. I said fine... -The next morning, I called the front desk and was greeted by a curt sounding guy. I explained my situation and asked if we could get a shuttle. He sounded like he had no idea what to do and forwarded me to the manager's voicemail. I left a message, of course I knew I wouldn't get called back. Called again after 15 minutes and a girl answered. She was very friendly and scheduled the shuttle to come pick us up when we needed it. (She was one of the two helpful employees I encountered there... out of like five).-Our shuttle driver was very nice, unlike the grumpy old man from the night before. This shuttle driver would point landmarks out to us, ask us questions, and gave us helpful tidbits along the way to get around the area more easily. He took us back to Four Points where we could drop off our luggage (couldn't check in yet b/c it was too early), and although the Scottsdale Stadium was further than the five mile radius from the hotel, suggested a Giants sports bar, called Duke's (also will be reviewed shortly), where there was a free shuttle that we could take to the stadium. Score! Saved us another $20 taxi ride. He dropped us off at Duke's and just like he said, there was a shuttle that stopped right across the street. -Fast forward to that night when we checked in--Asked again for a printout of my stay. They said they would email it to me because they don't do print outs... really?-I wanted verification that I was getting refunded for the first night's stay. They said no they wouldn't refund the night because they paid for the other hotel. I told them I was told otherwise by the gentleman from last night, the woman said she would look into it and would let me know. Of course, I never heard back from her. -We called in the next morning to book a shuttle to the airport. They said sure, no problem. We get down to the lobby at the right time, and the shuttle was booked. I had to sit on my boyfriend's lap in the front seat of the shuttle to the airport. We had the same driver as the day before, and he was nice, following up with us to see how our day was and so forth. But what kind of idiots are working at the front desk who can't manage knowing how many people are going to be in the shuttle and making sure not to overbook it?-I just looked at my bank statement and I was double charged, AND I have some $50 for the Arizona Grand Resort, even though I didn't buy anything. Such a scam, I wouldn't get paid to come here again. As someone who used to work in the hotel industry, they had several big no-no's in my book. You NEVER overbook a hotel. In fact, you should leave a few rooms vacant just in the event something like that happens. Also, if you are going to provide shuttle, it's very convenient for guests to have a set schedule, for example, letting guests book the shuttle for a certain day and time. So chaotic having to call the day of and hoping there is a slot available. Also, stick by your word, and if you don't know the answer to a question, let the guest know you will check with a manager and get back to them, and then... get back to them! Don't just say "i'll get back to you" with no intention of ever doing so. How rude! Now I have to call them tomorrow to try and figure out the random charges on my card... And I'll probably get the runaround, get hung up on a few times, wait on hold for a while, talk with a few imbeciles along the way, and then maybe I'll make some progress somewhere! Save yourself the trouble, go somewhere else. The only reason it got two stars was for the shuttle bus driver.
2	I'm not changing the rating, but I wanted to add that I called the hotel to inquire about my charges, and the manager Megan was very nice and helpful. We sorted out the charges in about five minutes and everything was taken care of.
4	Was in town to relax with the family and take in a Diamondbacks exhibition game. It was located a few blocks from ASU. The room was nice and clean. No problems with the quality of the room and the staff was friendly. One problem I could potentially see which I didn't experience because I was there during Easter weekend was the construction that was going on at the rear of the hotel. Overall a nice hotel.
4	I like this hotel. It's literally right across the street from ASU. We've stayed at the hotel a couple of times while visiting relatives. It got a little crazy during spring training ... they do a great baseball business. Rooms are comfortable, staff is attentive. Ice machine is only on the 2nd floor, which is inconvenient. But if walking a flight of stairs to get ice is my biggest quibble, then you'll do fine here.The breakfast buffet is passable, but only just. Avoid it.
3	Very conveniently located near ASU.Well kept pool, but not quite enough chairs for a large group poolside. Also one day there were no towels left. Our room had a slight mildew type smell to it, but after a minute you got used to it. The hallways were also in need of some carpet upgrades. The balcony was a plus. Coffee maker in every room. It is $10 more per night to have a refrigerator. The beds are comfortable enough.They offer $5 per night to spend at the hotel if you decline housekeeping services. You also get a free bottle of water at checkin and in the room. The staff is very friendly and extremely helpful. This was my favorite part. However, I really hated the scripted "it was my pleasure." Overall, we came here for a group swim meet and it was everything we needed. I would stay here again.
4	I'm wavering between three and four stars, so I will give this hotel four stars.  It's definitely a three-star hotel in terms of hotel ratings, but as for Yelp reviews, it's somewhere between "A-OK" and "Yay! I'm a fan.""Yay! I'm a fan":- Good location.  Right by ASU, and lots of fast food places and convenience stores nearby.- Really nice lobby.  Nice looking restaurant, lounge, and gym areas, although I didn't get to use any of them.  Also, they give each person a bottle of water at check-in, which was fantastic because I thought I was going to pass out from the Arizona heat.- Rooms have been updated to look more modern.- Got a good deal on my room."A-OK":- Shampoo, conditioner, and body wash were in dispensers attached to the shower wall.  This was kind of annoyingly high up (I'm a female of average height...) and I kept having to pump the button to get any product out.- Hard water.  Ugh.  Not the hotel's fault, I guess... more like the fault of the Southwest.  So after so much effort to get the dispensers to work, it then took forever to get the damn shampoo out of my hair.- Lotion was not included.  Kind of annoying because I'm trying to pack light when traveling, and hotel toiletries are always drying.- There weren't any towel bars in the bathroom.  This was kind of annoying because I like to reuse towels and would rather not pile/fold a wet towel and place it on the bathroom counter.
3	First time at A Four Points, not bad. All the amenities of a large hotel, but with a budget feel. There is a lobby bar which is a good thing, just not one i would want to hang out at too long. Free breakfast which includes made to order omelletes is also a good thing. The room was clean and had a balcony overlooking the pool. good value hotel. Overall A-OK.
1	I am a business traveler and SPG member. Customer Service has always made my stay at hotels either wonderful or miserable. In this case I wouldn't say miserable but definitely frustrating.Before arriving for check in, I called Four Points in Tempe,AZ to confirm that a refrigerator would be available for my room since I knew there was a limited amount and only available upon request. An employee named "Yetta" took down my name and said she would take care of that request for me. So I preceded to buy groceries for my 6 day stay there. I checked in and Yetta couldn't find my name in the reservations so I gave her my wife's name since my company usually puts both of our names on the reservations. She then finds the reservations but informed me there were wasn't anymore refrigerators available at the time. What frustrated me even more was that she wasn't even apologetic nor made eye contact. She asked for my ID so she could put my name on the reservations and quickly tried to move past incident. I informed her that I just bought groceries and now have no where to store them but she said nothing. I then turned to my coworkers, who received a refrigerator, and asked could I just store my groceries in their refrigerator. I then requested to Yetta when a refrigerator becomes available can she put me on the list to receive one. She said yes. Two days later as I'm speaking to my other coworkers (there was about 10 of us) he mentioned he received a refrigerator a day before! I thought how was this possible since I was the next one on the list? My coworker said he just called the front desk and they brought one right up. That made me even more frustrated. Four days into my stay I voiced my complaint to another front desk employee and she offered to send a refrigerator to my room right away. But by then it was too late since I would be checking out the next day. I asked her if she saw my request for a refrigerator in the records and she couldn't even find my name in the room reservations! I told her "Yetta" already asked for my ID and supposedly put my name in the reservations. She then made an excuse for "Yetta" and said, "well that's not like Yetta so maybe she just forgot to save your information by accident." She then offered me a $5 voucher and suggested I buy snacks in their market pantry for my trouble. I thought, "wow, is that their idea of great customer service?" I was completely inconvenienced and not given priority as a loyal rewards member.Aside from this incident, my room was on the 2nd floor which reeked out cigarette smoke everyday. I'm not sure if this is a smoking hotel or not but the smell was only strong in the hallway and not the room so I was fine with it. The rooms were average.I did like their "Go Green" program which I received $5 vouchers everyday for not using housekeeping services. The bartender (with an Irish accent) was very courteous! I ordered dinner and went to pick it up. It was missing the salad so he offered to bring it up to my room. He refused the tip I tried to give him.I thought that was very nice of him.The breakfast was terrible. Pancakes and french toast was always hard and rubbery unless freshly prepared. Scrambled eggs weren't bad. The omelette I ordered was so greasy I couldn't even taste the ingredients. However, the chef was friendly. And the older waitress knew how to serve and always had hot green tea ready for me.The 4th floor rooms were the nicest.The had new sheets, pillows, and comforters. Some balconies are bigger than others. They all face the pool.Overall, if the customer service was more accommodating my rating would be 3 out 5 stars. I hope they retrain their employees and emphasize the importance of genuine customer service.Go to the Vine Tavern Bar across the street for the best freaking happy hour (3-7) ever!!! $3-32oz beers and $5 tequila shots, $5 wings. Go even if it's not happy hour and it's still cheaper than the hotel:)
1	The absolute WORST hotel stay in my life...the management staff could care LESS if you sleep-loud high school/college parties every night , cigarette and pot smoke reeking out in the hallways, OBNOXIOUS teenagers/young adults EVERYWHERE...I would expect this behavior at a Motel 6 or Super 8 but NOT a Sheraton. Quite frankly they should be EMBARASSED to have their name on this place... Checking out early because I am not suffering another sleepless night  with idiots raising my blood pressure. TWO things-ok treadmill (gym awkwardly placed  near lobby so creeper vibe as everyone passes by and stares,) and free breakfast.  Not what I expected for the price. They should be ashamed to say they are in the "service/care" industry!!! Beyond disappointed ... My fault for not checking reviews of this "dorm like atmosphere" hellhole!
1	We had a horrible experience! Running a late, I called the hotel to let them know I was on my way at 10p. I arrived at the hotel 15 min. later to be told they had no rooms because they had some a/c issues with some of their rooms. The girl on the phone referred to my having booked through Southwest Airlines and that they often overbook. That was not my problem! I had paid with my cc that had already been charged and there were no more rooms. This was ridiculous! They had graciously confirmed me at their sister hotel 3 miles down the road. I had confirmed this hotel because it was across the street from my daughter's dorm. Won't be booking here again!
1	The lobby was really nice and clean so I expected the same from our room.  Walking down the hall was awful.  There was a smell like burnt cabbage.  The carpet was old and worn.  It appears as if they were trying to "update" the rooms but had failed miserably.  The bathroom door was a sliding door with n lock and left a huge gap when it was "closed."  The chair in the room was FILTHY and one side was completely faded by the sun.  The base boards were extremely dirty and the walls were poorly repaired.  I paid $100 for the night, so I feel like the value was lacking as well.
2	4/27/13 Worst Starwood hotel ever. Went to celebrate our anniversary and relax, but that's not what we got.  The hotel was loud and the staff we not very accommodating.  We will never return.
2	I was sent here by the airline I was flying on. Not the nicest of hotels but it was free so i guess i cant complain. some of my findings here:- Staff was friendly and fast- Airport shuttle was small and uncomfortable but the driver was very nice and funny- Rooms are outdated and "feel" dirty even though they are "clean"- Shower was...old and peely- Television wouldn't power on. I'm a stage technician so I know what power is and NO it was not user error. The power strip is bad.- Decorative pillows were dirty.So all in all, for a FREE stay its tolerable. I would not spend money here though.
4	We stayed here after missing our connection in PDX.  Five stars for the staff.  Both employees that we interacted with - our shuttle driver, Terrell, and the check-in desk person, Skitter - were entirely fantastic.  They made me feel very welcome and cared for, and were extremely professional, helpful, and capable, even when dealing with a large number of stressed-out people.  They were running their one shuttle as fast as it could to pick up everyone, and were very efficient in getting everyone checked in.I can't speak much to the hotel itself, as we didn't stay too long.  The room was your average hotel room: average beds, lots of lamps, a disappointing lack of outlets.  The shower did have dispensers, which I found much more sensible and useful than a bunch of little bottles.  The tap water was terrible, but the free citrus water in the lobby was quite tasty..Overall, seemed like your average hotel, but with exemplary staff.  If I find myself in Tempe again for some reason, it would be on my shortlist.
2	US Airways sent me here when I missed the last flight out of Phoenix. Keep in mind that my first experience with them was at night, 2:30 AM, when they probably did not have the best staff on call. When I called them for a shuttle, they told me that one was coming without taking down my name or telling me how long it would be before the shuttle arrived. When the shuttle arrived 30 minutes later, there were 20 other people waiting for the shuttle and people who called ahead or waited longer were not given priority. When I called to request more shuttles, they said another one would be coming within 15 minutes, and that they would be sending 2 shuttles due to the large number of people waiting. Unfortunately, these 2 shuttles did not materialize so I ended up taking a taxi to the hotel-- a 5-10 minute, $20 drive that I wish I had taken sooner. When I told the receptionist while checking in that the shuttle was taking a long time, and that they never sent the 2 shuttles they promised, he dismissed my comments and essentially called me a liar. In the morning, I overheard the morning receptionist carefully taking down names of people who requested a shuttle, and telling callers their shuttle's ETA. My take-away is to make sure when requesting shuttles that they take down your name so that you reserve a spot. Also, the late-night service might not be as prompt, and a taxi ride might be worth the cost. On the plus side-- the morning receptionist was competent. The breakfast was also nicer than most hotels' breakfasts, with delicious pancakes and sausages, and piles of scrambled eggs. While a stay here might be pleasant ordinarily, my experience was frustrating.
1	I got stuck in Phoenix as I missed my connection due to weather. USair had a choice of three hotels at a discount. I called the number on the voucher, reserved a room here, rec'd a confirmation, and told the van would be coming soon.It was 97 degrees, and fifteen or so of us were waiting. Three of us were there for the full 45 minutes. The others came later. I called after a half hour and inquired as to when to expect a van. Any minute now was the answer, and "Terrell" asked my name. 15 minutes later the van driver arrives and people ran up to the van.The driver asked who "Mrs M" was" I said, that's me. He looked at my voucher, announced that I did not have a reservation, and that I had to wait, as there were only nine seats. I asked him why he called me out then? Everyone had vouchers too, and I know I had a reservation. Van driver tells me I'm nothing special (those were really his words), and he did not want any argument.I began to walk away, pretty pissed off. A man waiting on the curb, figured he'd wait another hour for the van driver to return. I looked at him and asked, "Did I do anything wrong here?" Because I really wanted to know. The man smiled and shook his head, "No, you did nothing wrong."I did get on, but I was hot, exhausted by 9:30 pm, and so insulted I cried by the time I got to the front desk. I spoke with the night manager, who told me that I absolutely did have a reservation, and that no one should be spoken to like that, especially not a guest. She offered me a glass a wine, dinner (but too late to eat), and she called me 20 minutes later with 50% off. So for that they get a star. The manager was embarrassed and told me she spoke with the driver. The morning manager also said he would discuss this with him.Honestly, I've never wanted anyone to be fired from a job. But he needs to go. The hotel does not have a dedicated van driver, so this a problem. On the other hand, the pickup at 5:15 am was great, and the drive was a breeze. The room was fairly clean, and the bed comfortable enough for a few hours of sleep.But I certainly will not be staying here again.    Stayed August 2014
4	I have stayed here at many points (more than 4 Points, just saying :)   Great things about this place.  It is affordable for the business traveler. The rooms tend (not every one) but generally are very well kempt, reliably delivered.  The only negative ever for me was one room/stay, but management cured that situation admirably and well, and I have no complaints.  (The cable didn't work, and the room smelled like smoke: they moved me to a different room.)  That is the only deduct of 'one star'.  Above all, what has made this my 'home' away from home is the bar staff, during my stays led mostly the service of "Jon", who is always warm/kind, appropriate, and encouraging of conversation, with the traveler himself and for the traveler with other patrons.  "Jon" seems never too ingratiating, (who wants that?; he's not), and he always seems to have the right amount of barkeep etiquette reserve.  For me, Jon and some of his fellow barkeeps make this place, and why I keep coming back. (It's not for the Starwood points, although those ARE lucrative too! :)  The AM breakfasts (complimentary) are decent. Regular Four Points fare, but on some mornings delivered with a bit of panache.  The Wednesday happy hour free buffet seems good - but I've only had it twice (out of 10+ stays, sorry to say). The staff overall is excellent.  I am not sure where any negative reviews come from at all.  From my very first visit, staff have been interested and attentive.  If I had a complaint, they addressed it immediately.  I stay here during 'business week days', so I realize I don't know the weekend world here.    But for the business traveler, it has been a decent home away from home, and there are enough goods to keep me coming back every other week!Added edit: having sampled other/ older reviews - hey, I stayed here too back in 2013, early 2014, and this joint was in a transition... during then, this was NOT my preferred place to stay, I will admit :)  I think Starwood is bringing this property up every month, and it's grown continually better in the basic hotel room stuff. Every accoutrement is not perfect just yet, but it's a good hotel, and the staff makes it really warm for the business traveler.
