5	Being the closest hardware store to my house, I frequent this place quiet often for all things light bulbs, plumbing, landscaping etc... As with almost every visit here, the staff at Lowe's are all very knowledgeable and can help you out with just about anything and everything. If was not for them and their helpful tips on how to change out the inner plumbing of my toilet, I would have had to spend extra $$$ on calling a plumber and be down one porcelain bowl. Thanks Lowe's for all your help!
4	I prefer Lowe's over Home Depot for the following reasons: 1. Better gardening department including tools, seeds, plants, decorative pots and garden knickknacks. 2. Better organization items such as closet organizing, garage organizing, baskets, wall hanging, kitchen organizing. I'm addicted to organizing and Lowe's has nice decorative items that hold up. Got some awesome wall shelves here to arrange paintings on! 3. During the holidays they have great decorative section, specifically Christmas. Sometimes it is hard to find an associate and get help, but typically I don't need help anyways because things are easy to find. Hurray for Lowe's!
4	i cant go in to this place and not spend $50. since i moved to a house off st rose pkwy, i've been here about a million times. the store is always clean and well stocked. one gripe: sometimes you have to hunt down help in the paint dept.
3	This lowes isnt my favorite Lowe's, but it's super close to the house which makes it the most convenient option. The store is usually clean, but its still impossible to find a lot of stuff. Who came up with the bright idea to put rope right next to the cleaning supplies or the gardening gloves in the hardware isle? Its worse then going to the grocery store I tell you... Sometimes you can find someone to help you and other times you have to wonder aimlessly until you run into someone... but again its across the street and I have work to do on the house so I will keep going back to this Lowe's.
1	Go to Home Depot, unless you don't need any help and know exactly where to find what you need. Never enough staff and they don't know anything.
4	I come here strickly because they sell Kolbalt tools.  Staff is always freindly.  Prices are normal.
5	My husband and I went here for the sole purpose of knowing they have the biggest in-store selection of blinds. We were able to get everything we were looking for with the exception of vertical blinds. They carry various sized vertical blinds, but not in the color we wanted. We'll just have to order them online.The prices compared to other do-it-yourself places were way cheaper.Now that we live closer to one, Lowe's will be my best friend! :)
5	I needed help in Tool World looking for a very specific tool.  The Tool World service gentleman helped me out.  When he learned they did not carry the tool I needed, he made sure to tell me of places nearby that I could find the tool the easiest.  Very helpful.  Thank you!
5	I love how I can walk into Lowes and there is always someone that remembers what project we are working on. It is like they remember your face and what room you are on now. Melissa S has been so incredibly helpful with all of our needs! I look for Melissa now when I go into the store because she is so knowledgable about each and every product you have! You need more employees like Melissa working at this location. Thanks for being My Lowes
2	I went here at about 8 pm which I know is kind of late but the customer service was awful. I was walking around aimlessly looking for magnet tape and it was obvious I had NO clue what I was doing. Well when I'd walk up to an associate they'd just walk away. I had one guy walk briskly past me and say "Hi" but never asked me if he could help me find anything. After being repeatedly ignored I decided to do a little test. I walked over to the kitchen section where there were about 5 associates just standing around shooting the shit and I just stood there and stared at them and NO ONE asked me if I needed help finding anything. Ridiculous.
5	Friendly, helpful, knowledgeable associate in the appliance department. Answered my questions. Double checked measurements before ordering special order. I am very pleased with the service I received @ this Lowe's.
1	This is a one star review only because Home improvement stores like Lowes are not female friendly....too large and aisles are named things that mean nothing to us and associates are few and far between now adays....BUT .... I want to give a 5 star rating to an employee of Lowes...JAY POWELL...I believe he takes care of the carts in the lot...that is where I found him when I anticipated another tedious trip in this store...which I thought might be less if he could direct me before I got lost in the maze.  I told him what I needed...he walked me to the farthest region of the store and found the item I needed...carried it to the front...waited until I checked out and carried it to my car and put it in my trunk.  This item weighed about 10 lbs and was small.  He explained to me that he didnt know any specifics about this item but he would find an associate that could advise me...but I didn't require that.  I was told at the register that I could enter a survey and that is when I asked his name as I wanted to mention him...I ordinarily would not enter this survey...but did only to find they did not want to know any names of their good or bad employees....so this is the only recognition I could find to acknowledge a good employee....so all of you going in the Lowes on Eastern ave in Henderson ...SAY HEY TO JAY!  and tell him of my praise....make his day like he made mine.
3	This place is well organized, very spacious, and has tons of stuff for the home, yard and office!My only question is, where is all the help and staff?  How can four of us spend about 1 hour in this store and not one person approaches us.  How / why would they let us leave without purchasing anything?a.  Selection - This place gets a 5 star for the amount of items they carry. From seasonal items for summer, fal and now winter, this place has a good marketing plan to have us buy all the seasonal needs from them.b.  Appliances - Great selection at good prices.5 Star  From your traditional GE brands to Samsung and LG, you can find the latest and greatest.c.  Tools - I like their Kobalt brand of hand tools, 3 Star - However I believe these are still made in China and the quality after using them is good, not great.d.  Service - Where is everyone?  1 Star.e.  What I like - I guess you can say I like not being bothered when I come to a store, however, here I felt like I was invisible... 3 star f.  Pain - The pain area has some of the greatest wait staff and attendants. I did find the people here to be attentive and give great service. 4 star GK says, check this place out.  If you don't need to ask questions or get service, this is great.
5	For once I stepped into Lowe's without being forced into buying tools. Instead I stepped in here to pick up gardening materials. Lowe's has a well rounded selection of succulents. In an attempt of creating various atrium's, we went to a couple of Lowe's in search of these desert dwelling plants. A month later and the initial batch is thriving and blooming. They create great accent pieces and are the envy of all my friends.
1	Since we have two houses across the street we are working on I Applied for a credit card to get 5 off with purchases. After seven inquiries on my credit they said they couldn't verify my identity and declined the account. Called this store since this is where we do most of our business. Explained to the associate what the problem was and asked to speak with a manager. Was told he was busy, I asked for a call back. Never called, either never got the message or too busy. At any rate this is not how you earn my business. Lowes contracts the credit card out to some other company so that is not totally their fault, however no call from the manager (2 requests) is on them...one star. By the way seven hard inquires on your credit lowers your fico score and takes a while to fall off. Just a heads up....
1	I normally love Lowes. We purchased new tile flooring, new carpet for the bedrooms and all new kitchen appliances. I'm extremely disappointed with the Door Department at the Eastern/St. Rose store. We ordered doors back in December 2013. It is now February 18, 2014. They have not arrived and will not be installed until March, I'm guessing! I don't know and apparently they don't either. Their customer service leaves a lot to be desired. You would think after spending over $5,000.00 on doors that they would give you a heads up as to what is going on. They blame it on not hearing back from the Vendor. Maybe it's time for new Vendors or better yet...don't buy your doors here ever.
4	Oh hey, it's a Lowe's. It's huge and full of lots of things that I couldn't even begin to figure out what to do with. Thankfully, there's plenty of helpful staff at this location. And thanks to those staff, I managed to select a great BBQ (at an awesome price), a patio furniture set (at an even more awesome price), outdoor lights, screws, hooks, a drill, etc. They'll even put everything together for you for free - so you don't have to struggle with impossible picture directions and wonder where that leftover screw is supposed to go. They also offer delivery, but for a $75 fee. And they do 10% off for military. So yeah, I'm liking Lowe's and their staff. And my backyard is pretty kick ass now.
4	Lowe's is probably my favorite home improvement store.  Sometimes it feels like my husband could spend hours there if id let him!This location is good.  Plenty of parking and easy to find.  Lowe's usually does a great job of providing a good parking area.  The store is huge that is very clean and well organized.  Customer service here is ok.  Not the friendliest of workers and sometimes their cashiers are a little slow.  I've noticed on a few occasions they've been out of stock on what we were there for.  When you ask someone about the item, they can't give a definitive answer as to when it will be available.  Bummer.  All in all it is a good store! I know we will shopping here again soon for our next home improvement project.
4	I was visiting my mom, and this is the closest Lowe's to her house.I stopped in to get some organic insect soap, and some orchid food.Can I just say that this Lowe's TRUMPS the one by my house on Boulder & Racetrack.I mean, bloodyyy hell!Their garden department makes me feel like I'm in a secret garden of wonderfullness.They have flowers that I have NEVER seen at my Lowes. Even Tulips, and I picked up a Bird of Paradise for under $6.The staff was exceptionally nice, even when I was looking for aloe, the man unloadingthem let me look at the "new" ones....since we all know about how I go for the items in the back, in fear that others have touched them (lol).The woman at check out, was quite disappointing.Besides the fact that she was slow, she was actually kind of rude.My mom bought an item that was $6, and she gave her a twenty to pay with.The woman knew that she needed change, but didn't page anyone (that we wouldn't have minded waiting for), but proceeded, without telling us she couldn't break a $20, to give my mom more than 13 one dollar bills for her change. Some times people are okay with receiving all those small bills for change, but, my mother and I, are not on our way to a strip club. We shared a basket, but were paying separately, and when my mom put her bag into the basket that I was pushing, the woman had this horrified look on her face, and she proceeded to tell my mom that the basket wasn't hers.Correcting her rude face and rudeness, she didn't even bother to say, "sorry" or  "oh, I should have guessed".But she checked me out and we went on our way.
4	Most of the employees aren't great but Jordan in the blinds department is amazing and super knowledgeable.  Ask for him if you need window coverings!
1	Ugh, I had the worst experience here today. I have never shopped at Lowe's before and will be going to Home Depot or Ace Hardware next time.I went to the gardening section looking for a compost bin or a bin I could use to start making my own compost. I asked one of the associates and she said she didn't know. She told me to wait for another sales associate that was walking another customer to his car. We waited for about 5 minutes and then realized she hadn't told him I was waiting. So I found him another 5 minutes later organizing a shelf. I asked him and he walked me to what he had which was nice. He asked me why I wanted to compost and just told me to throw my food scraps in the backyard and see if something grew or to "clean my plate". I told him I was thinking of banana peels, orange peels etc, just food waste and he mentioned something about how he couldn't stand Californians.  He also told me that the first lady couldn't help me because I "probably couldn't understand her". She spoke English as her second language and spoke fine. Yikes, I told him I could understand her fine but she didn't know what compost was. As I was leaving the garden area I noticed this guy's picture was up as the "gardening expert". Wouldn't a gardening expert have some tips on composting for healthy soil?As we were checking out, without compost but with two large bags of soil ( did I mention I had my toddler with me), we waited in line for about 10 minutes. The checker in our line was trying to get help from a manager and couldn't get anyone to help her. I felt bad for her, finally a manager came and helped her out. When it was my turn, I asked her if I could get some help with the heavy bags of soil so I could put my toddler in the cart. She did not respond. She went to lift the bags and I asked her again if we could get some help since I was holding my toddler. She dropped the bag over the cart, tearing a huge hole and dirt started spilling all over my shoe and floor. I tried to give her a hand with my child and asked the checker next to us if he could help her lift the bag. She was an older woman. I told her I would need a new bag since the bag was torn and dirt was spilling everywhere. She said, "It's fine". I told her I still needed some help out and a new bag.  She got on the phone to call the gardening center to bring me a new bag. I asked the checker next to us for help and she called someone from the back to come help. He helped me get a new bag of soil, but put the bag that had torn open back on the shelf and walked me to my car. We were in Lowe's over an hour trying to get help. We meant to just stop in for some soil and composting tips before hitting the library, good grief what a nightmare.
1	This Lowe's is like a gathering of useless people. I try to avoid it, but it's closer to my house than Home Depot. Regardless, it's worth the extra 10 min drive to Home Depot.Went into this Lowe's yesterday looking for a handheld remote for a fan. I'm an electrician by trade and really prefer the Harbor Breeze remotes. Like usual, there was one person working the electrical department surrounded by a herd of DIY-ers. It's ridiculous.Usually I wait, but there were so many people trying to ask questions. I decided to ask another employee if he could call someone else from the electrical section. This old guy was working in the tile flooring section and rudely asked me if I can see the item in his section indicating that it wasn't his problem. I'm sorry that your life has amounted to nothing more than minimum wage selling flooring, but that's no excuse to treat people like crap. They should shut this place down and open another Home Depot. It would be doing everyone a favor.
3	There is always the million dollar question, Home Depot or Lowes? For me, they are basically the same. But, I'll give Lowes the slight edge over HD. Why? Not because I say so, even though that could qualify as a response. It's because I like the atmosphere more.Lowes has more of a friendlier vibe than HD. I like the bright lights and I feel as though it is much better organized. The selection is also a lot better here. They carry a lot more higher quality goods than HD. Price wise, they are about the same. But both places share the same flaws. They are understaffed and trying to find someone to help you can become a big pain in the "you know what" butt. Butts. Buttsesesses. But I digress.Butts. So I will continue to shop here because I can. And no one puts baby in the corner. Except for that person. You know who I'm talking about baby corner person, personerer!
4	We had an excellent experience today at Lowes. Monty the store manager was attentive and knowledgeable. The store was clean and well organized. I love that Lowes price matches! Minus 1 star for staff who doesn't smile and automatic says "we can't do that." It was a little frustrating dealing with staff who don't take a second to fully understand the customers needs and wants. Otherwise, we love Lowes and we'll be coming back.
4	As much as I've always love the Home Depot.. I agree that Lowes is a great hardware store as well. For a lot of things, I like it better and strangely I feel a little guilty. Great selection, very competitively priced and different products than Home Depot. I also like their tool brand they have. Just bought a nifty screwdriver with six attachments on sale for only $4. What I especially like is at Lowes, customer service is so much better than I expected. You actually get people that know what they're talking about and very happy to help you. At Home Depot, I don't even bother asking for help if I can usually figure it out myself. And as for the garden department..Way better selection than Home Depot. Bottom line.. Pretty sure most people agree with the look and feel, products and all that Lowes is where it's at nowadays. But I'll always appreciate the Home Depot days back in the day and will still go to both. Lucky for me, this ones closer to home.
