4	I read Tricia's review and decided that it would be a great idea to try out the Hash House.  My wife was busy so I lugged my brother-in-law (Greg) to lunch.  Now, when I say get ready to bring your lunch pail, I mean get ready to eat some serious food.  This is hog heaven.  Oink oink oink oink oink.Atmosphere -- well, the restaurant is located in the M (like 4 minutes from my house in Inspirada).  By the way, I really like the M... it is convenient for me, clean, nice, and classy.  The restaurant is situated on the second floor overlooking St Rose Blvd and a pool.  Funny thing, first time that I have been to a casino where NO one was at the pool.  You know, they should convert this pool area into a Water Park... With M being in financial straits, this could help them bring in more revenue flow (they would be the only Vegas Water Park that I know of)...  Okay, back to the restaurant, instead of eating inside, we asked to be seated outside.  It was a nice day.  Low 80s.  Restaurant is very classy and spacious.  4 stars..Service -- Our waiter is named Pepe.  Good guy.  He filled our drinks, was quick and prompt, and checked up on us several times.  Could not ask for more... 4.5 solid stars.Food-- okay.  We decided to order 2 dishes and split them.  We ordered the Sage Chicken (from Man vs Food show).  It was huge.  Think of a mini-size Mount Everest of potatoes, egg benedict, and biscuits that is topped off with a layer of mozzarella cheese and fried chicken.  And, stuck in the center was a Steak knife.  It was a pretty cool presentation (Kodak moment man).  As for the tastes, it was GOOD... However, a little too much food made it tastes "boring" after eating so much.  I give this a 3-4 star rating ... started great, but then the star gets lower.In addition, we ordered the Kokomomo Meatloaf sandwich.  It was so so... It was the size of 2 1/2 sandwiches.  Honestly, I like the bread the most.  I did not care too much for the tomatoe paste nor meatloaf.  I thought the meatloaf was wayyyyy too salty and dry.  I must give this 2 stars.  I didn't care to finish it.  Oh yes, it did come with a side a Mac and Cheese which was good.During this meal, we downed it with a bloody mary - okay... and strawberry lemonade.For 2 with drinks, it cost us about 42 bucks (excluding tips).  Overall, we liked the service, atmosphere, and the sage chicken.  Excluding the Kokomo meatloaf sandwich, I give this place about a 3.5 to 4 stars on the scale.  Wish we could put a half star up there...
2	I'm a very patient person, I have to be with a 10 month old baby diva.  And I have served my share of tables in the restaurant industry in the last ten years to know that it's rude to drop off the check two minutes after your customer's food arrives without saying anything, unless you're working at Denny's (no offense Denny's, love the Moons Over My Hammy).  But to be honest, I've experienced better service at most of the fast food joints around town.  Food was decent at least... I had the Portabello Mushroom Sandwich, that had a mild basil pesto, a tiny droplet of goat cheese, lots of roasted red peppers, and some really nice fresh spinach.  I ordered it with a side salad that came with some moderately yummy creamy 'Cucumber Dressing' (which really just reminded me of green ranch).  Hubby had their Chicken and Waffles which came out in an impressive presentation stacked about a foot high with a steak knife and a huge skewer holding it all up.  Now, had our meal been accompanied by even okay service, it would have tasted much better.  But instead my sandwich came out about 5 minutes before Hubby's meal, and his waffles were totally dry with only traces of syrup here and there.  I wanted to ask for some more syrup, but our server was nowhere to be found...for the remainder of our meal.  We just decided to put our card in the checkbook (that we had been staring at for about twenty minutes), ask for some boxes and a little syrup to go.  Then we waited...  and waited... until finally the Hostess came to our rescue after baby diva started screaming her little head off loud enough to be heard from the sports book.  I guess she could tell we were getting antsy.  She ran the card for us, got the boxes and syrup and we high tailed it outta there.I've heard nothing but good things about the other locations, and I can say the concept sounded so appetizing we just could not pass it up.  But great ideas don't always turn out to be great.  Hopefully they can redeem themselves one day.  IF they make it that long.
4	Yay, a Hash House in Henderson:]... I have been meaning to try this chain, but I was to lazy to venture out of my Henderson bubble... and now I don't have to!! Well, obviously (if you have heard of Hash House A Go Go) the portions are incredibly HUGE.... So whether you're sharing or hung over, one plate is PLENTY. I love the location of this place because it is in the M Casino, and the restaurant  has a beautiful window that allows you to see the entire Vegas valley. We opted to not share, and tried our own things...I got the #2 Scramble (which they say is made with 2 eggs... maybe 2 ostrich eggs) and it had ham, spinach, and cheddar. Boring, yes I know... but DELICIOUSS. Along with this, it had a biscuit and some potatoes, country style is what I will call them? Did I come near to finishing this food even though I was trying not to waste?? NOPE... I ate at about 2pm and it is now 7:30pm and I am STILL stuffed. My friend got the famous chicken and waffles and it was absolutely beautiful. It was a man's version of waffles as what I would like to think of it. Bacon is placed into the waffles and they are baked fresh to order... the sage fried chicken was very flavorful and moist too! He didn't finish his dish either:[My one complaint was the service. It wasn't bad... it was just odd. Our waitress seemed like she was slamming our drinks and plates down on our table... maybe she was too tall??? And our time spent with her was short and pressured. Oh well, that is something easily fixed... and I have no complaints about the food. I will still be back when I am craving some egg-y goodness and monstrous portions
3	Bring your appetite, the plates are epic!
3	Here's the thing, if you didn't eat all day, you will enjoy yourself.  If you are like most people, the portions are way too large and while you feel you got your money's worth, its just a total waste of food.Tried the meatloaf hash.  Its good but lacks texture.  Can't go wrong for the less than $15 price.On another occasion, tried the one pound burger (ham, egg, and smoked cheddar).  A delight if you're from the midwest, strange for my west coast palate.Decor is typical of a chain restaurant.  Nothing fancy.  Nothing really special considering its M Resort location but its all good.Service, is fast (they really want you to get out so they can turn tables).  It was brought to my attention by three people that the Sunday NFL games were on and I should really get into the action in the sports book.  Hey its Vegas.
1	Poor leadership ,as is evidenced by AJ the manager avoiding helping the over worked, understaffed, poorly trained team who put on a smiling face even though they are getting screwed.When I pointed out the beer glasses were dirty he said, I don't drink out of glasses, and shrugged his shoulders and walked off.  I am guessing it will be something else by time I come back to M next year.  Shame though,  food portions are amazing large and though the servers were overworked, they gave their best effort.One parting thought, if my plate had been dirty like the glass, would AJ have had more common sense than he did with glass and make a new plate for us or would he have simply shrugged his shoulders and said, that's why I don't eat here as he walked away.No need to come come back to find out with all the great places in Vegas to eat.
2	Okay, maybe my expectations were artificially elevated by all the hype of others, resulting in my utter disappointment, or the place really is mediocre.The menu really is off-the-wall, as is the presentation of the food, which is where the drama ended for me. Upon first bite of my" Corned Beef Hash with Red Onions and Swiss Cheese", the disappointment set in. It was "edible", but not as spectacular as I had expected.  I've enjoyed corned beef hash out of a can at a typical Vegas buffet more than this one. It wasn't a total bust though, as I did like how they presented it in a cast iron skillet, and the HUGE biscuit was actually pretty good with the (home-made?) strawberry jam (no butter offered???). I did get a taste of my companion's "Fried Chicken and Waflles", and "Fried Chicken Benedict "which were also mediocre, as the fried chicken could use more spice (KFC better,) and the "Benedict" curiously didn't have Hollandaise sauce. Isn't that what REALLY makes a Benedict???Food was OK, but for the price, I'd rather go to a buffet or Blueberry Hill.
4	Big fan of this location. I loved the Sahara location, but alas, it was closed on Thanksgiving (we found out the hard way...)Came here instead - were told there was a 1-3 hour wait with no guarantees. After bugging the hostess a few times - she let us know that if we kept bugging her - we might get in a little earlier. Who knew, just as I bugged her a 3rd time - a booth opened up and we were ushered in immediately. So happy.  Note to self -  make a reservation next year when it might be a holiday night...Didn't opt for the traditional Thanksgiving meal - as that was likely just being carved and dished out en masse.New York Steak, Ribeye, Pork Tenderloin - all amazing, all deliciously moist. The sweet potato mashed-up-stuff didn't tast very sweet-potato-y, but it was all decent. Fried green tomatoes app was delicious! But the blandish chicken seemed slightly out of place - but gave the dish an surprisingly good pairing to tackle the heavy textures and flavors of the fried and the balsamic dressing.Amazing view by the way - overlooking the pool at night, much better than Sahara.Needless to say, we brought 3/4 of our meal back with us. Not complaining at all.
2	Gist: Big portions of Denny's. Yes portions are huge! Yes there's chicken and waffles. But you do pay for it. At about $15 a plate, you're just paying for greasy leftovers. The service here is horrible! They are super slooooooow. Took a while to get our drinks, even longer to take our order, about 45 min to get our food, and forever to get the check and pay. It wasn't even busy ... at all. On top of the wait, 3 of our orders were missing ingredients. One of which was bacon ... uummm essential to the dish you'd think.  Also, the waiter had a very weird sense of humor. He joked with us about something and when we responded sarcastically he didn't get it. We had to tell him we were kidding. Don't dish it out if you can't take it dude. Such a shame this place has the hype to draw in a crowd but sucks.
4	Made it to the Henderson location. You can order a tall boy of BUD in a brown paper bag if you want one. This place serves up FARM food on steriods for sure. I ordered the sage chicken and tried to make my mama proud by cleaning my plate. The mission was not accomplished for the simple fact that plate of food could of fed a squad of hungry soldiers. They should rename that dish the everylasting gobstopper. The place is clean and classy, but don't be scared just go in proud. You can gamble off your meal afterward in the casino. We will be back in Spring of 2011 to give it another go... chowdown food hounds A GO GO.
5	Visited the newest Hash House a Go Go with friends. We took a seat by the window and the view was stunning. Our waitress was friendly, but a bit scattered.  The food was incredible!  I had scrambled eggs with ham, cheese and spinach; crispy fried potatoes, and a large buttery biscuit served with freshly made strawberry jam. Everything was hot and fresh, and I really enjoyed the freshly brewed coffee.  Be sure to stop in- everything we ordered was great!
2	I have to go with the no-no comment in one of the other reviews. The M Resort is actually our favorite locals casino and we do game and eat there. So, we had a late dinner at Hash House tonight and we wont be going back anytime soon. They have big portions but it just seems like a bunch of food thrown together. The Sage Fried Chicken Benedict is a mess of food that confuses you with hot and cold components that are of poor quality i.e. stringy chicken, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream? The mixed green salad was okay but we were brought one dressing assuming it was  the mango vinaigrette and then when the ribs were brought received a side of cucumber ranch dressing? The potato salad with ribs was not very good either. The prices are moderate at best so you would think the service would be good...again...no. The server didn't suggestive sell anything, follow up with us on our food and could not answer/address why we received two dressings. Upon exiting the restaurant, the hostess was too busy talking to another employee to thank us for our business. If I did ever think about going here again it would be for breakfast only.  Oops...forgot to mention we were sat in a booth with a spotlight overhead and flat screen on the wall...so it felt like I was on stage.  Its not been open long and I know some other things on menu must be better so thats all that saves a me thinks not rating.
4	I had gone to the original Hash House on my birthday about a year ago.  I gave it a bad review and then amended it because of this place.  Then I realized, the original didn't deserve the new review, this place does.  I had a much better experience.  Like 'didn't ruin my birthday' experience.  The service was great and the food was actually delicious and what expected from the first time around.  My wife and I shared the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict and it was great.  My brother had the Sausage Gravy Pot Pie.  What??  Yes, there is such a thing and it was monstrous and great!  We both ate off of that thing for a day.  If you go to any Hash House you should share.  My wife and I could barely finish ours and we were sharing.  The most important thing was that the food didn't take forever like the other place.
3	Hash House A Go Go started out in San Diego.  Same deal - insanely large portions, everything comes with a stick of rosemary for whatever reason, but really good food.  When I moved here, they opened a location on Sahara and it was just like being home.  Now, obviously, they've expanded and maybe that's a bad thing.I came here with a large group and our server was super nice and helpful.  I ordered the meatloaf pasta, which she said was really good.  Bad idea.  I did not like it at all.  It's one of the their smaller portion meals, which is good.  Still a ton of food, but not an insane size.  But it was just a ton of oil with a couple of canned tomatoes poured over linguine and a square brick of meatloaf which was dry and unappealing.  I also had the lemonade, which was really good.  The rest of my party got various types of sandwiches, where the meat is way too big for the bun.  They seemed to enjoy their food after the initial shock so I think I just ordered the wrong thing.  Stay away from the meatloaf pasta.But it still gets three stars because the server was great!  She refilled drinks on a regular basis, was super friendly, and even made sure we understood that the 18% gratuity was included for our party.  Props for not going for the double tip. I like the Sahara location so I'm not entirely sure if the kitchen here is still getting up to speed or what.  I've had some excellent hashes at the Sahara location.  I think I'll just stick to that location since it is closer to home.
3	That's a lot of food.
3	Honestly, I think this place is overrated.  I don't think the food is all that great, I mean sure it's chicken and waffles and I don't know exactly how it's supposed to taste like. But I imagined something less herby and more sweet and waffle like.  I found it incredibly expensive to pay $15.95 for chicken and waffles, almost the size for two people! What if I wanted a plate with smaller portions?  And it isn't even good food.  If you're thinking about coming here, try something other than the chicken.  It has an herby flavor, if  you like that kind of stuff then by all means go for it!  I think the only dish that I liked here were the biscuits and gravy, it was very delish! But it was huge! It was as if I was eating for two!  I wouldn't mind paying for a big dish for a low price, but paying for a big dish for a high price. For me that just doesn't cut it, especially if it's a flavor lack luster.  Don't believe the hype! It's not all that great, but if you're willing to try things once.  Then by all means, go for it.  Just don't try the location at the M.  The waiters and waitresses are slow, and rude.  I don't think they have any clue as to how to please a customer.  There are more than 10 waitresses circling around the area, now tell me how is it that our waitress couldn't even find the time to refill our water or give us a straw with a drink when clearly it required one to mix the whip cream?  I have no idea?! How is it that I always encounter bad service?  Do I have a target written on me or something?  Because I do tip generously! (Ok, end rant)  But seriously, if you want a good tip.  Give good service! Bad service = NO TIP!
5	If you're ever in Vegas, and your hungry, and your either on your way into or out of Vegas, stop by and give this place a try. The portions here are huge!I had a beautiful burger, so big that they stuck a knife in it...literally. The wife had a wonderful dish of French Toast, biggest I've ever seen I might add, and our friend got the Fried Chicken Salad that was bigger than any plate I own! Pictures to come soon.
3	The hangover cure = Meatloaf House Hash. Its yummy, a bit greasy, and full of carbs to soak up the alcohol from the night before. The portions are HUGE. You need to pay in order to split the plate. Take home boxes are definitely needed. One of my girlfriends got the Sage Fried Chicken Farm benedict, as featured on Man v. Food, and that was delicious! The chipotle cream was really good. My friend got the chicken and waffles, and I think that its all hype. It wasn't as really as delicious as I imagined it would be. However, the STRAWBERRY JAM made everything better.Everything is garnished with some sort of plant whether it be sage or leeks or the bush from outside.Although I don't CRAVE anything from Hash House, I wouldn't deny going there again if the opportunity arose.
4	Hash House in The M Resort is a classy new resort at the intersection of Las Vegas Blvd & St.Rose Parkway....Ordered Chicken N Biscuits - delicious & ridiculously HUGE, bigger than your head, had to split it - no way could we order/eat one each.  This is not your chain pancake/omeltery/fast food folks:  Its BIG FARM FOOD - FRESH & HIGH QUALITY GOURMET at  affordable "dough", with some leftover change for the slots.   Tip:  Just try NOT to order any biscuits while you wait for your food to "tie you over"  you will end up not even making a dent in your entree if you do that.   Biscuits are truly the size of like a 32oz can/jar that you need both a fork & knife to properly devour it.  Entrees/Dishes are so insanely large they are all about "presentation" and so its topped off with a sword like sprig of fresh Rosemary -  quite the hardy piercing tool to hold it all together.   I highly recommend you SHARE it with someone ($2.50sharing charge) as I have never seen anyone at any table finish anything.   Its sad to see the servers collect all that untouched food & throw it away (I'm asumming) because there's so much left over.   Scrumptious &  a MUST DO!
5	Although the closest Hash House to our hotel (Luxor) was located in Imperial Palace on the strip, we chose to make the drive to this location since neither my friend or I had been to the M resort.  We figured we'd kill 2 trips with 1 visit so we decided to make the 8 mile drive.This particular location is on the casino level tucked away in a corner on the opposite side from the self-parking entrance door.  Albeit it's a trek, but good things come to those who wait.  Since the restaurant is situated in a corner, 2 walls are floor to ceiling glass and offers views of the mountains.Thankfully they serve breakfast until 1100, and as we had a late night (this is Vegas afterall) we didn't arrive at the restaurant till 1030.  We were seated right away and the server was very prompt in welcoming us and took our drink orders.  She was kind enough and patient to give us ample time to look through the extensive breakfast menu offerings.  There were just so many choices I couldn't make up my mind.  I finally decide to order the corned beef hash with red onions and swiss cheese, while my friend decided to order the salmon eggs benedict.  My entree also came with a biscuit, fruit, and crispy potatoes.I did read on yelp that the portions were huge, but I guess seeing the portion sizes for myself, I still slightly gasped when the food was dropped off.  I honestly wish I had enough room in my stomach to have finished all my food because it was amazingly good!!  My friend shared the same sentiments and was very satisfied with his food and he, like myself, made the difficult choice to stop eating.  Lastly,I felt the price that we paid was very reasonable, especially since the portions sizes were more than we could handle.  My corned beef hash was $12.95, and the salmon eggs benedict was $14.95.  Please see http://www.hashhouseagogo.com for complete details on their menu, prices, and locations!SERVICE:  Terrific service here.  The server was friendly, patient, polite, and made sure our coffee was always refilled.  She even offered us take home boxes too!  Just great service overall.Bottom Line:  Whichever location you decide to go to, make sure to come prepared to conquer the huge portion sizes!!
4	i had the Man v Food special and it's taken me two days to eat it all...just as good as the first bite though.  It was very rich and could have probably done without the egg.  There are drink specials throughout the week if you "tweet" that you're "eating at Hash House in Las Vegas".  It's worth it since drinks are just around $5.
5	Ginormous food. I can say this with confidence as the word has just been added to the official English dictionary. Excited am I that Christmas dinner happened here. I started this crazy food adventure with a tiger prawn tower of excitement graced with a drizzle of spicy aioli sauce.Then my eyes became larger than my stomach when it met its match with the boneless ribeye steak with bison flank steak on top of a giant amount of garlic mashed potatoes and sweet steamed carrots. Along side of the steak and potatoes, there were grilled asparagus spears. The steaks were perfectly made to order of medium well. The bison flank steak was something I've only had before in a hamburger and tasted leaner in a steak form. I could only finish one of the bison flank steaks and one of the boneless ribeye steaks. There were two of each on the giant plate. Of course I had to save "room" for dessert!My waiter highly recommended I try the special butterscotch pound cake with caramel drizzle and chocolate Snickers bread pudding. I knew I wasn't going to be able to eat all of each, but I ordered them anyway so I could take some of that home for later. The butterscotch pound cake was presented in several slices in a small dish with caramel drizzle all around. I enjoyed that the bread was moist but not overly moist like bread pudding. Then came the chocolate Snickers bread pudding. This dessert is like a crazy mix between the excellent chocolate bar with peanuts and a chocolate bread pudding. It is served hot and tasty. The waiter was excellent too, as he always made sure those drinks kept getting refilled. If you can't stand in the huge line for the buffet, try Hash House. Prices might be higher than a regular cafe or diner, but you get huge portions that you will more than likely not be able to finish. Thanks to Hash House for serving an excellent Christmas day complimentary dinner. Sharing a dinner is not out of the question with these sizes.
5	I watched on Man vs Food that Adam Richman had visited here.  Had to try it out.  What can I say about this place?  Big dishes for Big Appetites!  We had the following:Famous One Pound Stuffed Burger with Crumbled Blue Cheese -what a burger!  As you pick it up and eat it, the blue cheese stuffing oozes out of the double patties.  Delicious!Grilled portobello mushroom with roasted red peppers, basil pesto, goat cheese on wheat bun - Very good sandwich.  Everything in the sandwich goes so well with each other.  Anything with goat cheese tastes so good!And drumroll, please.....HH Famous Roasted Chicken Pot Pie upside down crust stuffed with house roasted chicken, red potatoes, veggies, and pan gravy served with mashed potatoes - OK, this dish is HUGE - the crust looks like an upside down stetson hat filled with ooey-gooey chicken and vege pie filling.  The mashed potatoes at the bottom of the crust helps keep the hat from moving round. On our way out, we saw that Adam Richman had his picture up on the wall of fame.
3	Seems a little over-rated. Huge portions (even the kids' menu) but a little weak on flavor. Gigantic pork loin "sandwich" was under seasoned. Chicken was not very flavorful either,although the waffles with bacon cooked in were pretty darned tasty  Kids quesadilla was ok, as well as the blueberry pancakes  Service was ok, contrary to some of the other reviewers' experience, so that gets them a three. I might give them one more chance with some other dishes.
4	What in the sam hell did we just eat????  Seriously!!!!New Years Day hangover breakfast.  wowsers.We ordered the sage fried chicken benedict.  Pretty sure it was as big as my head.  After we took pictures of it, the guy sitting next to us took a pic too.  Awesome.It had yummy fried chicken, and then eggs, and then maple reduction gravy, and then biscuits, and then spinich and tomatoes with a side of BACON mashed potatoes.As if that weren't enough...I also had the BACON waffle.  Dude, it had pieces of bacon cooked into the middle of the batter.As if that weren't enough...I said it was the day after New Years.  Bloody Mary required.  But this was a BLT bloody with lettuce, tomato and BACON.You've gotta look at the pictures people posted, especially the pot pie.  The people next to us oredered it and we clicked away.  The pie is as big as an actaual mexican sombrero.So, Happy Bacon year!, Happy New Bacon?.....Bacon New Year!!!
1	We had to suck it up and have dinner at Hash House because the wait for the buffet was freakin rendonkulous!  We got there at 7:30pm, on a Thursday and the wait was 2-hours long but uh...the buffet closes at 9pm?  Hello, McFly?Walked over to HH and there was a 25-minute wait but saw there was an open table at the bar, which we totally went for.  The bartender who was also our server, seemed to be the only staff member running the bar.  Ooh, not a good sign, we should've walked out.  But, he was pretty cordial, during the few times he made it out to our table.  He took our order and after 20-minutes of waiting, he finally asked one of the food runners to see if our order was up.  He apologized for the delay but never admitted any wrong doing, but I'm sure someone dropped the ball and didn't put in our order, hence an additional wait of 10-minutes.  Geez, does it really take 30-minutes to make a salad??When our food came out, it's the total HHaGG experience; a bountiful amount of food, with sprig of sage and fried spaghetti to simulate grass.  I ordered the Corned Beef Hash which I didn't realize were julienne cut pieces of actual corned beef...but I wanted the greasy spoon kind of CBH!  It was mixed with an outrageous amount of cheese sitting on a bed of (scrambled) eggs, accompanied with grilled asparagus and fresh fruit.  The grease factor was too overwhelming for me to even finish it.  Even the s/o was saying that I was just playing with my food rather than stuffing my mouth with it.  The s/o ordered their Fried Chicken Salad, which the s/o seemed to enjoy, well, then again, you can eff up salad, now can you?Again, our server/bartender was a nice guy, probably an awesome person to know but not an efficient bartender or server.  It was tough to get simple refills on our beves, much less, to get the check.We've been to the HHaGG at the Imperial Palace and it was, alright.  This last visit just confirmed my distaste for HHaGG, not to mention, the dining options at the M Resort.  It's an awesome casino but, we'll be sure to eat somewhere else.
3	This was my first time visiting hash house. My family and I went during the holiday's when everyone and their mom's were in vegas. So, we thought it be smart for us to make a reservation. My boyfriend called them and made a reservation for 5. The gentleman that helped on the phone sounded polite, he even reserved a table for us by the window. However, when we got to hash house, our reservation was no where to be found. The hostess was nice enough to help us as fast as she could so we didnt have to wait long. The restaurant is not very big, very nice though. Then again, the M resort itself was super gorgeous.The food portions at hash house is very big for what we paid for. We ordered 3 meals and had left overs. The food was delicious! The waffles and chicken are to die for and the pancake is bigger than your face. I was very satisfied with my food, but very disappoint with our waitress/service. Throughout my experience at this restaurant, I did not see one bit of a smile on that woman's face. She looked like she hated her job. Unfortunately, we were obligated to tip her because we had a gift certificate from restaurant.com. My family and I concluded that whether she treated us well or not, she was going to get her tip. I looked at other waiters/waitresses to see if she was the only pissed off worker, but it looked like everyone working there was having the worse time of their lives. Hash house a go go really needs to work on their customer service. Unfortunately, I won't be visiting this hash house ever again, but i hope ill be able to stumble upon one that has a warm and friendly atmosphere.
3	Ah Hash House A Go Go how you're sprouting up everywhere. I'm not hating, I appreciate it in fact. I've eating at the Sahara location several times so figured I'd give the one located inside the M a shot. If you haven't been here, you need to experience it at least once. Their portion sizes are no joke!First off, we went there the Thursday before New Year's Eve. Originally we were going to the buffet but the line was insane - over a 2 hour wait for the buffet so I walked over to the Hash House and we were able to be sitted within 15 mins. The hostess sat us on a table overlooking the M pool. Incredible views north and west of us. The only comment I would make about the interior and atmosphere is that it was to dim for me to even read the menu. Also of the meals ordered, the burger took the longest for it to come out, had to wait 10 mins after everyone else got their food. For god sake, it's a burger!!!Ok so we all wanted to try something different so we ordered a couple dishes - mushroom/swiss stuffed burger, fried chicken sandwich, chicken pot pie and roasted pork tenderloin hash skillet. Yeah they weren't the best meals to order but the constant raving about the chicken pot pie from the waitress, I will review the dish along with the hash skillet. BTW - The maple buttered biscuits are awesome! I wish they would just put that maple butter in a syrup container so I can pour it all over my soft biscuits!The chicken pot pie comes in a huge toasted foaccia cracker looking hat. I mean when you order pot pie you expect that flaky crust not a hard toasted cracker shell. Overall I was quite disappointed in the chicken pot pie, it was carbalicious but it wasn't the usual comfort food we all enjoy. I would take out the mashed potatoes and polenta. They absorbed all the gravy and left it dry. I would also go back, add more veggies and a flaky crust inside of the cracker shell. I wanted a KFC pot pie instead.The pork tenderloin hash skillet wasn't too bad. The pork along with the crunchy hash gave the skillet a nice taste which was balanced with red peppers, potatoes and scrambled eggs. Personally I prefer a sunnyside up egg on my hash but eh you can be pleased by everyone.A chicken sandwich is the same everywhere you go. I will comment on the burger. Huge burger, great meat quality but no flavor. Even with the ingredients on the burger, the meat had no taste to it. What a shame!Overall I do like Hash House. As far as the M location, great location & views, service wasn't bad. I wouldn't recommend these dishes as much. I still think one should stick to breakfast when eating at the Hash House.
4	Fresh farm of food served with a moder twist. Huge breakfast includes light flapjacks, hash brown yummy also tasty meatloaf, pork tenderlorin, corned beed and egg benedict and more. 4 stars because i can cook my own breakfast but eatting at Hash House A Go Go make me feel like am eating at home. Awesome drinks.
2	Sorry guys but this place was a real let down for me. Sure they serve tons of food and the artsy fartsy presentation is pretty cool but.... overall food was mediocre at best, service was ok but not outstanding, and prices reasonable. This review is based on two separate occasions (one breakfast and one dinner). My breakfast skillet thing was bland and not very flavorful contrary to what was listed in the menu. I do not remember the exact name, as it has been a few weeks since I was there. Service that Sunday morning was decent considering the place was packed. With regards to my dinner, I had just ordered the shrimp on a skewer appetizer thingy, which was bland at best. The breading they used was some sort of grainy grain substance that tasted like cardboard and masked the taste of the jumbo shrimp. Overall, I think I am going to pass on eating breakfast or any other meal here as if I want large portions, I will head over to Claim Jumper or Cheesecake Factory where the food is much better IMHO.
2	This place probably deserved 1 star, but I loved their mocha...and I loved their effort to give you one filling meal...because folks....they serve up the biggest dishes in the valley...no joke...the portions are ENORMOUS!  beyond big.  but alas, the food sucked.  yes, all 3 of us did not like our food.  sure, our eyes liked the food (very well presented)....but the food was amiss.  what was amiss?  my vanilla waffles were tasteless...with no vanilla flavor at all.  my crisp potatoes were burnt to the point of almost black and not edible.  my hubby got the pork friend steak thingie (it was bigger than the plate itself) and he said that it was dull and boring.  my sis got what the man vs. food guy got, and said the sauce was annoying and bad, and the quality was lacking.  so besides my $5 mocha (YUM), this place was a dud.  the M casino was nice...but this place SUCKED.  what are people thinking?  sure the prices are very reasonable for the portion sizes you are served.  but what good is a good deal when the meal is bland, dull, and just pleasant to look at and nothing more?  in the end, go somewhere else.  anywhere else but here.  seriously now, don't believe the hype.
4	Friendly staff, wanted breakfast menu for lunch which they had.  Wanted tangerine juice but waitress said was out of season, hmm, maybe should send them some from here as this is the season here.  So instead had apple juice, it seemed to be fresh squeezed and not canned which I liked.  Large portions, worth the price, had the trucker's breakfast which came with one very large pancake, eggs and potatoes.  Best of all ran into someone from the islands, but will put that in The M review.
4	We were looking for a place that wasn't too expensive to chow down before our long drive back to California. We came across this place at the M Resort since we wanted to visit the hotel itself. It wasn't that busy for lunch around 2ish. Our server was attentive. The food took a lil longer but maybe because time was moving slower since we were ravenous. The portions here are huge! Good for a meal after a night of drinking if your hungry. But somehow i didn't have much of an appetite. Maybe I should have ordered something else.We ordered an entree each. My bf ordered the Hash House Quesadilla stuffed w/potatoes, jalapenos, eggs & tomato w/ chili cream- this was very dense but was very good and cheesy. I had the House Hash Fresh Mushroom, artichoke hearts, sundried tomato and fresh spinach- I wasn't used to their Hash Houses and something about the sundried tomatoes added weird flavoring or something. I only ate most of my scrambled egg. The biscuit was kinda hard and dry.Price wasn't too bad. About $13 each for our plates.
3	We ate there last night after watching Mark O'Toole sing next door at Revello, he was amazing. By the time his show ended we were starving so we went to HHaGG and the service was a bit slow, our server was not particularly attentive, though he seemed nice enough. It took forever to get water refills. I order the pork tenderloin sandwich, my wife got the mashed potato and bacon burger, our friend ordered the portebello sandwich and roasted red pepper burger. The food took a looooong time to come out and about 5 minutes befre we got our food we had to flag down the wait to get refills and at that point he offered to bring out bisuits for us and we accepted. The bisquits were hard and dry as hell, but the honey was good. Not one us even ate half of one. The food came out and my pork sandwich was ridiculous, the pork was the size of half the plate, it was tricky to eat as they put it on a normal sized bun, for some reason the top bun was soft but the bottom bun was a rock. The mashed potato burger was great, and the balsamic vinigerette dressing was nice on the side salad. No one really LOVED their food so it was all right. We had a restaurant.com coupon so we had to spend $35. We ordered a cheesecake to go, it was m&m cheesecake, it was awesome. We will give HHaGG aother go go, but not the one at M Resort.
3	Service here plain SUCKS and it was not even packed at all, & for some reason my usually awesome Salmon Benedict didn't taste as great as the one they serve at the Sahara location. Bleh..
3	Something within me has changed over the last few years, the need for overtly large portions of heart stopping food has died down. The food is not bad, but there is nothing extremely special about it either. I resisted the urge to order the sage fried chicken with bacon waffles in a vain attempt of sparring myself the unbearable guilt which would follow, but ordering anything on the menu is bound to lead to that anyways. I went there with a friend to catch up after being away for some time. This location was completely dead. I have been to the one on Sahara a few times before and waited for more than 30 minutes. The hostess was very polite and asked if we had a preference for a booth or table. We chose a booth and sat by ourselves. Maybe everyone else was on the other side, but it felt like a ghost town. The bus-person came around to take our drink orders in a timely fashion. The waitress then came by to take our orders. I was not ready yet, because I was still trying to find something that wouldn't give me a heart attack, but those bacon waffles kept taunting me. I am a sucker for salty and sweet. In the end I ordered the bacon, swiss, and avocado scramble with crispy potatoes. I will not lie, everything on my plate was decent, just not spectacular. The scramble itself was fluffy with cheese oozing out. The bacon gave it a little saltiness from the otherwise bland combination. The avocado was sparse compared to the generous helping of everything else on the plate. The potatoes were my favorite part. Usually I can do without all the extra carbs, but these were fried crispy with the center not being dried out which was then tossed with some diced red onions. The waitress left us alone for the most part and just peeked in every once in a while to see if we were ok. It is worth a try, if you have never been before, but I will continue on my food odyssey for the best breakfast in Vegas.
4	The portions are huge! When you consider the portion size the cost is pretty affordable.I had pancakes.  Just regular pancakes.  I can't stand when there is junk in my pancakes.  Save the weird stuff for waffles.  Plate was huge.  Tasted like pancakes.Also had a side of biscuits and gravy.  Could have used some more biscuits for the amount of gravy, but no big deal.Only 4 stars because breakfast is not all day.  The only reason to go to this place is breakfast.  The breakfast does last until 5pm or something, so why not just go the whole day with breakfast?
2	To be honest with you I personally don't like this place for the simple fact that the food portions are HUGH!!! really who will finish all of the food that is on there plate.I just feel and think it is just a waist of food. when I go to eat there and it is rarely I eat off of my daughters plate and she is 3 yrs old so imagine that; and I eat off of my husband plate too. I just order a cup of coffee and a small orange juice.The price is pretty decent for the size and amount of food your getting.
3	Food was great and definitely more than enough. Presentation was very creative as you can see in the pictures. My only complaint is that my plate came out five minutes after that of my wife and daughter. Other than that, it's a good place to eat.
4	Friends and I originally wanted to eat at the M Resort Buffet but the line was too long so we decided to try Hash House and WOW so glad we did.I just had to try their infamous Sage Fried Chicken and Bacon Waffles and it was delicious.  YES portions are HUGE!!!  Next time we will share.There are five different menus as our waiter explained.  We were there on a Saturday so had the "Brunch" menu.
4	I originally discovered Hash House when I received some coupons in the mail. The pictures made my mouth drool so my monkeys and I decided to give it a whirl. SO glad we did. Not only was the food tasty, beautifully plated, and creative....it was enough to feed a small country. I had the Tractor Driver Combo with a brown sugar and banana pancake (literally the size of a medium pizza). Their drink menu is off the charts too...the old school hot chocolate with marshmallows, the BLT Bloody Mary and the Tangerine Mimosa all were spectacular. The key to getting in quickly without the wait is going Monday-Thurs. Fri-Sun you will most likely be waiting...but the food is so worth it.
4	I've been the the Hash House in San Diego before and had a pleasant experience. This HH did not disappoint. The waitress was extremely nice and friendly. This HH was a little bigger at least so it seemed. Only drawback was there was a wait on a Sunday morning, but that was to be expected. I actually find calling the restaurant ahead of time to be real helpful and to much of a surprise many people don't think to do this. I had the sage fried chicken benny and it was really good. A bit heavy on the potatoes and biscuits, but then it was on Man vs. Food (What else should I expect). I do have a sweet tooth and so I do admit that I really enjoyed my brother's french toast a bit more than I did the fried chicken. Nonetheless, this place is good and portions are huge. For 3 guys and 1 gal we all shared 3 dishes and still could not finish. There is a sharing fee so, consider ordering a side of fruit or something to avoid that $2.50 charge. I'll be back again, after this trips food is burned off. :(
2	I'm a big fan of chicken and waffles and I was told by a couple different people to try them here. When the plate came out I was like WOW! But my enthusiasm ended there... the chicken was dry and on the bland side. There are strips of beacon in the waffles, but I couldn't taste them. Four stars for presentation, but food should taste as good as it looks. I guess I'll just have to go back to Roscoe's in LA.
5	Decided to stop at this particular location at the M Resort because it was on the way home. I was expecting big portions due to the Man Vs. Food reputation and the stories my friends had told me. Prices were decent considering it's delicious food and crazy portions. Shared an original benedict and brown sugar banana flapjack. Not flapjackS, just flapjack. One, big, thick and fluffy flapjack the size of a small pizza. The benedict was good, lots of stuff going on so it's hard to get a little of everything in one bite but it made my tummy happy, especially that pepper sauce with the griddled mashed potatoes. The only thing is the biscuit was a little to dense and dry for my liking, but that's a small oversight. And the flapjack was hot and fluffy with a nice caramelized crust because of the brown sugar. We barely finished the benedict and made a noteworthy dent in the flapjack. I definitely recommend sharing, even though you will be tempted to try everything.
2	Meh, I've experienced better is a perfect sum up of this.We waited for about 15 mins to be seated.  Had a couple more minutes to wait for drinks.  I ordered the goat cheese, tomato, spinach scramble (I think that's what it was...)  BF ordered smoked salmon scramble.  They got to the table, portions are huge and presented nicely.  I started to eat the fruit  and was looking for pepper for my eggs when I realized there was ham in mine.  Hmmm.  Not what I ordered.  I ate the fruit and biscuit.  Both fine.  The potatoes were actually pretty good.  Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  I liked them.  No waiter to check on us at this point.  I decide to at least try the egg mixture on my plate.  Kind of greasy.  Just okay.  Tried the BF's salmon eggs.  Same thing.  Just okay.  Though he did have the pleasant surprise of a bone in them :/Finally waiter comes by asking how we are.  At this point, I am done eating.  I have eaten enough carbs between the potatoes and biscuit that I don't want anything else.  But I tell him everything is fine, except what I got was not what I ordered.  He looks, "oh, you are right".  Yeah, I know that.  "Do you want me to go switch it?".  Um, no.  I have been here 15 mins and have already filled up on other stuff.  "You sure?"  Yes.  "Was what you did get served good at least?"  Seriously?  Um.  It was okay.  "I am sorry about that".  Yeah okay.Another 15 mins we get the check... No relief.  Seriously?  Then I was annoyed and just wanted to leave... It is fine for what it is.  Take the reviews to heart here and don't expect greatness.  Just large portions and good potatoes.
4	One pond of a really big, greasy and tasty all American real beef burger.If you like huge portion, then this is the place.
3	Came here on our way home from Vegas after hearing, reading, and seeing reviews for this place. I wanted to go to the SD location, but we happened to be in Vegas, and my cousin said the M Resort location was pretty new so we gave it a shot. I had the Sage Fried Chicken over the bacon waffles and my husband had the Roasted Chicken house hash.I guess we were hungry, because I totally disregarded the fact that their dishes are enormous! The chicken and waffles dish was good, but absolutely too big for one person. Maybe too big to say I REALLY liked it. Too much of a good thing, perhaps? Loved the fried leeks though! My husbands roasted chicken and garlic hash was pretty good, but it was quite oily. At the end we got a milkshake to go (mocha, I think). I think we were eating with our eyes that day. Because it was clearly wayyyyy too much food for the two of us. I'd try it again, but hopefully at the SD location (I dunno... just want to check out the original) and I'd definitely order something different.
3	I've been to hash house a go go in imperial casino and I was please with the portions but not the taste. On our way home to LA, we decided to check out the M Resort, did a little last minute gambling and got hungry. We decided to go here and eat and it did not disappoint. The decor was much nicer then in imperial, and the food was much tastier. I ended up getting the chicken and waffles and it was outstanding.
4	The bf and I finally made it out to Hash House. We've been itching to try it since we've lived on the west side of town.. just never went.We live closer to the M casino now.. so one Sunday morning when the both of us woke up earlier than usual decided to head to hash house for some breakfast. It is toward the back side of the casino where the red cup cafe used to be. It was not too busy for a Sunday morning and were seated right away near the windows overlooking the pool. I ordered the meatloaf house hash. It was served on a cast-iron skillet with biscuit, fruit & eggs. The hash itself was potatoes topped with cubed pieces of meatloaf, spinach, peppers & moz cheese.  The meatloaf itself was tasty and it was just waaaay too much food for one person. Yay, I love taking home leftovers and making a second meal of it! The bf got the hash house quesadilla which was tortillas stuffed with potatoes, eggs and other little tidbits. The bf really enjoyed it but I found it just too heavy.. he ended up taking half of it home as well.Seems like a lot of the previous reviews had complaints with service. I found service to be fine. Nothing spectacular but nothing to complain about either.I will be back. I want to try that sage fried chicken next time!!
4	We love the M and love restaurant.com so we decided to try out this one.  We were not disappointed.  There was no wait on a Monday night at around 6:30pm and we were seated immediately.  The waiter was very attentive and friendly.  We ordered the sage fried chicken and the applewood bacon mashed potato burger.  They were both fantastic.  My wife had never had dinner at the hash house and was very satisfied.  My burger was huge!  It was enough for 2 dinners and so was here chicken and waffles.  We were very happy with our choice and the restaurant.com certificate was fantastic!  highly recommend especially if you live in Henderson and do not want to drive all the way to the original las vegas one or the one on the strip.
2	We've heard some great things about the buffet at the M Resort so on our way home from LV, my friends and I decided to check it out... only to find the line was approximately two hours long. BEH... no thank you. So we mosied on over to Hash House to get something to eat, where we only waited 45 minutes, at the max; I was actually reading reviews of this place while waiting and was very excited to try it. The restaurant itself is really nice. The decor was on point, modern and spacious. The staff was friendly and our server would stop by to fill our water even though it wasn't too empty; I love that though. The food came out pretty quick, given that they were pretty busy.Everything on the menu looked delicious. I opted for the Crispy Cornmeal Salmon Sandwich, which was HUGE! Like seriously, I felt like the sandwich was as big as my face. As much as I wanted to like it, I would've liked more if it was more seasoned (like maybe more pepper or more of that chili-mayo stuff); I like things hot and super seasoned. I also got the Hash House side salad with the creamy cucumber dressing with corn croutons, which was cool and refreshing.All in all, the ingredients were fresh and the portions are ridiculously big (so go hungry). I must say though, that I really wanted to like this place, like I REALLY wanted to like it. But because everything I tried was kind of bland, I didn't. Maybe I'll just try something else next time. And just for the record, OMG I feel so bad writing something mean; like seriously, I feel so bad right now :( BOO! Now I feel like a mean person LOLFYI: If you're hungover, you probably don't want to sit by the windows because it's bright as hell.
5	Came here on a Saturday morning with my old roomies. Had about a 25 min wait so managed to only lose a dollar at the slots while waiting for the pager to beep... (only to lose another 5 bucks after eating)I had the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles, my roomies had the lumberjack plate and some sage fried chicken benedict. All humongous, all delicious (I can only speak for my dish)I will definitely be stopping by there again on my way home from the parents' house!
3	Went here on a Thursday night and had no wait at all - Fist pumping for no wait!!!The view from this Hash House is lovely and there is seating outside on the balcony which I bet is just as lovely in the morning eating your breakfast looking at the cool pool they have at the M and looking at the Las Vegas Valley....I like the inside of this Hash House(newest location) as well, it's cool looking and of course lit romantic dim....The food: It's always hit or miss for my family - some always love their food and some don't :- Sage Fried Chicken with Waffles- My daughter really enjoyed her food but for a kid it was extreamly overwhelming for her and by the time she said she was full she hadn't even made a dent in it- A main complaint of people is that the chicken is bland so I tried it and I have to agree-chicken had no taste.-Spicy Chicken resting on Sweet Mashed Potatoes- I asked to not put the bacon in my dish- I did not think my spicy chicken was spicy at all-It was a passible dish for me but once again with the seasoning there wasn't much of it- A good splash of soy sauce would've done the trick.-Crab Cake appetizer with pesto pasta- My mom loved her food and I tasted it and Yeah, it was good. The appetizer was a good size too...-Corned Beef with potatoes-My dad's complaint was that it was too bland and Yup, it was. He was wondering how cornbeef itself was bland because normally it is too salty for some people...-Barbecue Ribs with Mashed Potatoes and Carrots- Not that great either-The BF after eating here for the first said he doesn't care to come back.*The biscuits they give you with honey was ooey gooey yummers....I on the other hand would come back to this location to try different stuff and eat on the balcony....**I think it is weird that they don't have dessert in the day and that if it's your Birthday they don't sing to you or give you a dessert either**
5	I'm a sucker for breakfast, so my opinion may be a little biased. However, I bet there are others out there who love breakfast the same way I do. With that being said, Hash House is a fantastic breakfast spot. After seeing this place on Man vs. Food, my wife and I made it a point to go here during our next trip to Sin City. I had a blueberry pecan pancake that was the size of a dinner plate that you would serve turkey on (literally!) My wife ordered egg whites, crunchy potatoes and a biscuit, once again this was served on a turkey platter :) I finished about 90% of my pancake and was more than happy to help my wife out with some of her breakfast. If you have a healthy appetite and you enjoy breakfast food, go to Hash House!
3	Large portions on most dishes. Got a little ill the following morning and their food was all I had to eat the day before. Nobody else I ate with got ill.
4	I've never even heard of this place until we walked right up to it. I saw a lot of celebrity pictures on the walls, if it's good enough for Martha Stewart then it's good enough for me damn it! Our host/waiter looked like he jumped out of a Metallica concert, long hair, long beard, tattoos and piercings, that sure makes me hungry for breakfast food. He was giddy that we've never been there before and started to blurt out the history of the restaurant and blah blah blah, I just want some food yo! So he sat us down by the bar area, which was fine but it was 10 in the morning and it's too early for that shit right now, but whatever it's Vegas. I ordered french toast, eggs & sausage... but what I got was this mess of pecans & bananas all over my plate, I thought they brought me the wrong order at first, but I guess if you order french toast it automatically comes with bananas & pecans thrown on top of it. I cleared all that crap aside and ate the french toast, scrambled eggs & sausage, it was delicious. Also, they have this strawberry preserves/jam thing in a metal cup on the table, do yourself a favor and get some white toast w/butter and chug that stuff down, it is goooooood. I would come back for more, but it's a little over the top if you know what I mean, they don't have to try so hard to be different or unique... just let it happen.
3	My friend and I hauled our tired bodies to the "M" Resort after a late night of casino-hopping on the strip. We could have just walked to the Hash House location inside the Imperial Palace, but a 20% off coupon will make a girl do crazy things. (Note: the "M" is waaaaaaay on the outskirts of town.)As a white girl who developed a later-in-life taste for chicken and waffles, and also has a long-standing love affair with bacon,  I had been waiting to try the sage fried chicken and bacon waffle. I knew it was going to be ginormous, and I came mentally prepared. Yes, the servings are huge-- served with a large steak knife pierced through the chicken and sprigs of ... whatever... as garnish. Truthfully speaking, it was good, but not as bomb-diggity as I was expecting. As chicken & waffles goes, Roscoe's is still #1. The awsome thing about the bacon waffles is that Hash House doesn't put bacon pieces in the waffle.... they put the entire strip of bacon in the waffle, literally hanging out of the side. I loved this because when it became obvious that I wasn't going to be able to finish the waffle, I could still eat that slice of bacon. Ain't no way I'm gonna leave bacon on my plate.
3	The best thing to get here is the Chicken and Waffles.  On my second visit I tried the Meatloaf Hash, and it wasn't that good. The meatloaf was bland, and the potatoes were soggy. I also had the Pistachio latte which was very good.
2	I thought I was going to be in love after seeing this show on Man vs. Food, but I was so disappointed.  1) The Sage Chicken Benedict was featured on Man vs Food but the chicken was dry, the biscuit was cold and the sauce was also luke warm.  The flavor of the cream sauce was tasty, but overall-meh.2) Their kids choco-chip pancake was the best thing we ate.3) Waffles were tough, so tough you needed a knife to cut through it.  4) Their Corned Beef Hash was not very flavorful and cheese made the presentation pretty ugly.I don't think I'll return, especially since the bill was $70 for breakfast.  The restaurant was empty, yet they wouldn't seat our party because 3 people were missing.  The hostess staff was not friendly at all, they made me feel like I had inconvenienced them.  Then we asked for hot chocolate, but the machine was broken.  A few minutes later, they must have fixed it, because other tables had hot chocolate, but our server wasn't aware enough to offer it to us once they could make them again.
5	Service was great! Food was great! Portions are HUGE! Whatever you do, be careful with the Adam's Sage chicken Benidict because that thing was just too much. Now i can understand why it was a Man vs. Food category. Price is very reasonable for the amount you get. the waitress have their opinion on food, usually theyre good opinions. If you love food, this is the spot. Even their BLT is ginormous. basically everything is huge here. come with an appetite or dont bother at all.
4	I admit I came here because of Man v. Food. Although I didn't try the meal Adam Richman talked about, I did try an amazing burger. I ordered their "FAMOUS ONE POUND STUFFED BURGERS" specifically I ordered the roasted red pepper & griddled smoked mozzarella. Despite the fact that it was massive, I finished every bit. What can I say? I have a big appetite. It was juicy and mighty delicious. I also had one of their famous lemonades with it, which was the perfect combo of sour and sweet. My friends ordered the Budweiser that came in a paper bag, very funny. I wish I had tried their desserts.
4	I've been to the W. Sahara location a few times; this was my first to the new M location. They have such an incredible menu here that I've had to try something new each time. Today was the Fried Chicken Benedict.I arrived about 9:30 am and the bar was empty. I sat there and got great service from the bartender. Coffee, water and breakfast were all prompt. The coffee was really surprisingly good. I don't know why I was surprised, but it did catch me off guard as a tasty cup of coffee.Having tacked the Chicken and Waffles last time I went for the Benedict. The portion sizing continues with the Benedict - HUGE. Unfortunately the presentation looked like a brick with tons of sauce ladled over it, and a steak knife and rosemary sticking out of the top. I could not see anything below the sauce.The bartender recommended I try and get all of the flavors at the same time. The challenge was, especially in the dimly lit bar, seeing any differentiation in the food. Covered in the sauce the potatoes, eggs, chicken, bacon, etc all look exactly the same. The flavors were great and it was a satisfying meal. I think it would have tasted just as good with the sauce drizzled on the entree and pooled in the plate vs. whitewashing the entire dish. Put it this way: when I sent pics of the Chicken and Waffles to friends I got replies of "Wow!". When I sent pics of the Chicken Benedict I received disgusted replies of "You're going to eat that???"I'll be back but I'll be ordering a new dish.
4	The food is here is like breakfast on steroids... **************************************************I've been to the Hash House over on Sahara Blvd in Las Vegas as well. The one at the M Resort is definitely less crowded. The Corn beef Hash Skillet is very tasty The Sage Chicken and Waffles were pretty good as well. The waffles have bacon cooked inside of them. You cannot complain that you are NOT full after eating here! I think my husband was the only one that finished his plate. My mother-in-law cannot eat certain things and they were able to accommodate her dietary constraints. I ordered the Brown Sugar Banana Flapjack. That thing is at least and inch thick and the size of a small pizza.  We had a lot of special orders and sides and our waiter didn't even write any of it down. He memorized all of it which was pretty impressive. The only noticeable negative about our experience was that our waiter disappeared near the end. (waited 20 mins to pay the bill) We had to hunt down someone.. anyone! And the guy we flagged down said he couldn't ring up our bill and that we had to find our original server. He had to ask us to describe what he looked like and he had to track him down for us.
4	OK, The M is one of my favorite casinos, because it it beautiful but has a small town feel.   I've eaten at their buffet and it is one of the best ones in a city filled with buffets.  We saw Hash House on a FOOD Network special and decided we had to try it, because the food looked so good.  The food was good, but the flavors were less intense than I had originally hoped.  The portions were HUGE though and one plate can easily feed two people, so keep that in mind.
4	The plates are obscenely large but delicious. Ordered the sage fried chicken with waffles and bacon. The chicken was flavorful and I liked the cornflake outter layer. Though I prefer my waffles crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Their waffles were soft  all around.  My friend had the tender rib-I steak with the most yummy thing...mashed potatoes and mashed sweet potatoes swirled together. That stuff was the best!! The steak was incredibly juicy, tender and cooked to perfection. The amount of food we got could feed 6 ppl. We also tried the steak appetizer which was good too. Our waiter was very helpful with our selection. I'd like to go back again!
4	If you have a big appetite and love breakfast,  Hash House is the place for you.  We had four people and we shared 3 dishes and it was more than enough.  We had to try the fried chicken benedict since its their most popular dish.  It definitely lived up to all the hype with the fried chicken, gravy, eggs, bacon, mashed potatoes and biscuit.  It was delicious and I hate to find out how many calories come along with it, but who cares, you need to splurge once in a while.  We also had the chorizo, potato and egg which was excellent as well.  The last dish we shared were the pancakes, bacon and eggs, and it was by far the largest and thickest pancake I have ever seen.  It was cooked to perfection and served with cream and homemade preserves which really made the dish even better.  I will definitely be back when I am ready to splurge again and after a week straight of working out!!!!!!
5	My favorite dish is the chicken fried benedict which was featured on Man vs. Food. It's compiled of mash potatoes, biscuits, tomatoes, spinach, bacon, fried chicken, scrambled eggs, and cheese. So mouth watering! Be aware, their portions are for giants so if you're a little eater you might want to share.
1	Ummmm really? Went to the M Resort for the Sunday brunch buffet with some friends that were visiting. I know its weird being a food snob but they have root beer on draft and it's fun to gorge yourself once in a while with 200 different dishes at your disposal. Usually not a wait, but I guess the rave brought a lotta people this weekend and the line was a mile long. Nothing else open except for Hash House and the Deli. I actually ran into some lady on a plane about 6 years ago on a business trip who said her friends' son owns the place and it was really great. Never been there till now. I've heard some mixed reviews, but I went in with an open mind and an empty stomach. They were running a 30 minute wait which was no big deal. Service for the most part was adequate at best. I do not have a high opinion of this place even though they have I think 5 locations and some exposure on Food Network. Putting a lotta slop on a plate is all it takes? Definitely yes "twisted farm food". Has anyone ever seen what the pigs eat? Watch "Shaun the Sheep" if you're not sure. Food took a LONG time to come out. The worst part is that my wife's food never came out. The waitress apologized 5 times and finally comped her meal. When her dish which was mostly undercooked partially raw egg french toast came out everyone else was done eating. It came with grilled banana and the running joke was, "In 45 minutes they couldn't remove the peel and finish cooking the toast?" I'm sorry but I am not from the Midwest while I highly appreciate Southern cooking, there was nothing remotely nostalgic, tasty or appetizing about the food. One of my friends did order the "Man vs Food" special which was probably the best thing on the table. A huge piece of fried pork with some scrambled eggs and a maple sauce. The only dish slightly decent was this reinterpretation of Japanese tonkatsu. Also tried the side of biscuits and gravy. It was ok, the one at Babycakes in Summerlin is much better in comparison. I had the Andy fried chicken which was a 4-5 oz "airline chicken breast". It didn't taste bad, but wasn't anything special. Everyone keeps referring to the GIGANTIC portions. There was this huge plate with 2 grade A SMALL eggs over easy, 2 strips of bacon, as I stated a 5 oz fried chicken breast, maybe 3 helpings of mashed potato with a super dry biscuit the size of a tennis ball and a Rosemary branch sticking out. Most of the plates were the same, supplemented with mounds of potato and smothered in thick cream sauces with big branches of garnish. YEAAAH.....I guess that's value if you can eat the plate too. DO YOU PEOPLE know that you are paying $12-$15 for mostly potato which is dirt cheap. BTW what's the point with the dry biscuit and they don't even offer any butter? Might as well serve toast, at least it's edible. I know people that grew up on farms and I don't think they would write home about this biscuit, which made the portion size bigger but really sucked. Also had the Pistachio Mocha. It was a basic iced coffee drink with a pistachio syrup drizzle over the whipped cream. If you like cheap slop and long waits, by all means this is the place to go. I will not be visiting any of the other locations....ever.
2	I ventured over to Hash House while I was in Vegas for the weekend. I expected great things since I had seen photos and heard only good things about the place. Maybe that depended on the location? I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles, and when it came it looked delicious. The look was much different than the taste unfortunately. The chicken, although moist, was extremely bland. There were sprigs of fresh sage sticking out of the top, but where was the sage flavor? The waffles were dry, chewy, and too savory for my liking. Also, I didn't mind the fried leeks, there were just too many of them on the plate. Basically I paid $16.95 for a pretty presentation.
3	Went for Breakfast on Sunday , Short wait to be seated. Let's start with The Good. Ordrer The Tractor Puller Combo. Huge & Tasty. The Pancake was as big as a manhole cover. I'm A big Guy , Could Not finish it . Here's the tip , Forget the Maple Syrup and Smother that thing with the strawberry topping that's on the Table . Heaven !!!Now .. My new pal Michael The server. You need to find other employment. 1st thing I pulled out My restaurant .com Certificate . He pretended to read it and said it's only good for Dinner like it was the 1st one he's ever seen . I asked , can you  check , he said we get these all the time , So Michael why the show? If I wanted to see a show , I'd Go see Donny & Marie. ( not really , what am I a 55 year old women from Iowa? ) OK. Next what's the Twitter free drink of the day , He tells me we don't do that promotion anymore. Really , But 3 days before at The Imperial Palace Location they do. Guess I look like a Mo Ron . There's 4 of us , One is a 4 year old . we order 2 breakfasts, Maybe you should Have the insight that we might just be sharing?? How Bout a few more plates? only took 2 times asking , also can we each have a set of silverware Michael? which He replied.. Someones not doing their job.. Yeah You. anyway I could go on .  Food was very good.PS was in there in Feb and Had the Best Server ever, Liz , was told she quit. n. Guess she could not handle working with MIKEY
3	Still not the biggest fan of HHAGG, but I always seem to come back for more. I do love the biscuits with honey. I don't know why I don't just order that and a drink. This location was actually quite nice. An improvement from the cafe that was in this spot previously. It overlooks the pool and there are lots of booth seating, which is a favorite of mine. I came here with a big group of friends and the wait for buffet was just too long, so we settled on trying Hash House. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive and the food was the same as all the other locations. My fella, who has hated almost everything he's ever eaten at Hash House, finally discovered something he enjoys. The burgers. How can you not? They're enormous and they even come with fries, unlike the other locations I've been to in town. All in all, it's not my favorite spot, but I always seem to come back for more.
2	Food quality deserves a four. That being said, we went on a Saturday night after 10pm when they advertise a "2 for 1" special. Because we knew the portion sizes were huge, our party of 4 ordered 2 entrees... At which time our waitress told us there was usually a split plate charge, but she "didn't feel like charging us"... So we thought... "cool, good tip coming your way".  But... When the bill came, she charged us for 2 entrees... So we questioned it and she told us that we had to place 2 orders and get 2 free to get the deal. THEN, when we asked to see a manager regarding the issue, she left, came back, and told us we could have the 2 for 1, but had to charge us for split plates ($5). In a nutshell, the 2 for 1 latenight deal is shady at best, I question whether or not they even honor it if the customer doesn't bring it up. SHAME ON U HHJAGG. I was such a fan prior to this incident, now, I can definitely find plenty of other restaurants in las Vegas to patronize that will treat us locals right!!
5	Finally made it into this place after seeing it on numerous shows (local tv, Man V Food, etc...) I ordered just the basic breakfast. Biscut, poached eggs, bacon, potatoes fruit. My friend had the french toast. Both meals were large portions and delish! The fresh peach jam is to die for!! I think I ate half the jar on my one biscut. I could live off that stuff!! Seems like most places screw up poached eggs too, but these were perfect. There was nothing special about the potatoes or bacon. I was expecting more like a homemade potato taste, but it is just deep fried with some onion/bell pepper on top, and the bacon isn't a thick cut or anything. My friend said the french toast was awesome! If only I hadn't binged on peach jam, I would have tried the french toast. The service was great! Very friendly and attentive without being annoying and lurking at the table every 2 minutes. I saw other locations had a long wait, so if you are wanting to try Hash House, I suggest going out to the M. We were there on a Sunday morning at 8:30am and the place was half full. It was starting to get a line when we left at 10am though.
3	.., I've been wanting to eat @ Hash House a Go Go for the longest time. My gf & I were en route to Vegas w/ reservations @ South Point. When we heard that the M resort had opened up a Hash House location inside, we just had to hit that since it was on the way. Luckily we got there around noon because the line tripled by the time our pagers went off for us to return & be seated. Wait wasn't too long to get in, we must have waited a half hr. I wish we would have eaten @ the original Hash House a Go Go in San Diego, CA. Because that way we would've had a better grasp on what they were all about. The set up inside looked more on the M side versus the Hash House theme in my opinion. Like I said, I've never been to the original location, but I had a feeling their set up would be completely different. It just felt like we were in another hotel restaurant. Nothing really jumped out & screamed "personality".Our server did an ok job. The wait for our mango iced teas took a while, but they were definately tasty. I had their "Bacon Waffles" in mind the whole time we were driving to Vegas. Even the M resort staff member @ the club registration counter hyped up their food to us. If she goes ga-ga for Hash House, so would we right? Our food hits the table & the portions were generous, 2 can share 1 dish. Presentation was awesome. We couldn't wait to dive in. My bacon waffles looked very promising. I cut it up, & take my 1st bite... To my surprise it was bland! The waffle itself was fluffy, had the right texture but had no flavor. The bacon inside it was either on the health conscious side, or had no seasoning what so ever. I was dissapointed. I felt like I was eating @ a senior citizens center because the food just completely lacked flavor. I would have been more satisfied eating @ a hole in the wall breakfast spot that used grease, w/ a chef that had a heavy hand with salt. I forgot what Diane had ordered, but it was your simple eggs, toast, bacon, & potatoes breakfast. She wasn't too happy w/ her meal either. The bacon on her plate was bland also. Eggs were cooked right but not impressive. The potatoes she had were rock hard! The server even told us it took a while because the potatos prior were too burnt, so he gave us this new dish instead. Didn't look like it made much of a difference. We had tapped one of the potatoes on the plate & yeah, it was definately harder than a satisfied Viagra consumer. We asked the server if we can just get comped for the potatoes because we weren't happy. They did offer us mashed potatoes, but we were already done w/ our meals, we just wanted to leave. They gladly comped us for the potatoes. Luckily their prices are about the same as a Denny's, if not cheaper. So our total only came out to $20. It was ok food.This experience made us really want to try out the original. Perfect example of how turning a great restaurant into a chain clearly affects the food.
1	I'm not at all a discerning diner, but I couldn't make it through a quarter of their greasy, yet somehow flavorless burgers. The waiter was unattentive and not at all concerned about whether our food was acceptable. I might as well have eaten the napkins. Save yourself the trip and visit a fast food restaurant for a better experience. I was really looking forward to the food, but it ended up being the worst place i've ever eaten at.
5	Seriously as good as it gets! Went for their Happy Hour, Fri & Sat 10pm-2am, buy one get one entree free. Although the menu is definitely limited for the happy hour, the dishes that are available are amazing, not to mention the portion sizes. We went with a group of four and bet that no one would be able to finish their dish. Two of the guys ordered their burgers 1) avocado, bacon, and cheddar 2) apple smoked bacon with mashed potatoes. While I ordered the Pork Tenderloin Hash and my boyfriend ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The food was monstrous, I couldn't finish half the food, but the boys devoured it. Needless to say, we left with happy tummies. Oh btw, our total check for 4 people was only $26.... WHATTTTT?!!! So cheap!!!
5	Unbelievable!  Huge portions of an incredible eclectic mix of food. When they warn you of large portions, think double what you have in your mind. Full bar with great Margaritas too.
5	First five stars I have given. This place is to die! My cousins brought me here with my niece for my birthday brunch. I have never been happier. Located atop the pool at the M Resort, its pretty easy  to find and parking is a breeze as the M has plenty. The wait was nonexistent as we came on Friday mid afternoon, but expect a wait for Sunday Brunch. The decor is farmhouse meets fancy pants. We were seated overlooking the pool with a great view of the Valley just past. The server was very friendly and was nice enough to joke and play with my 3 yr old niece. For drinks, myself and one cousin ordered Pabst Blue Ribbon which were served in the can with a chilled glass. My other cousin, not one for spirits, ordered the Iced Pistachio Mocha. Wonderfully nutty, with a tasty espresso base. We ordered an Apple juice for the little one and were stoked to see a regular sized drink (in a plastic, covered, strawed cup) (none of that asshole-ish 4 bucks for a shot BS) and it was Simply Apple! For the food, we decided to get a Farmer's Daughter combo for the babe. The pancake was the size of her head! It also came with a side of eggs and sausage. The eggs are the one thing I didn't like. Something they put in them didn't sit well with my tastebuds. The sausage was grand. Two links that had a crisp skin, soft center and a faint lavender taste that surprised all of us. For the big kids we decided to split two plates among us as the portions are giant! We ordered the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles and the Meatloaf Hash. The chicken and waffles came in the form of a giant tower of awesome! Four fresh waffles topped with two deep fried chicken breasts and a huge stalk of sage rising proudly from the center, capping the dish off at about 18 inches tall. The chicken was moist and juicy with a flavorful thin breading. The waffles had bacon cooked right into the center of them, that helped translate the sweet waffles and syrup to the savory chicken easily. It was topped with fried leeks, which also had great flavor. (try them). The Meatloaf Hash came in a giant skillet, with eggs, seasonal fruit and a hearty biscuit. The hash itself had fried potatoes, spinach and a medley of bell peppers, perfectly sweated and covered in ooey gooey cheese.  The meatloaf itself had that perfect day old taste you'd expect for use in a hash. Phenomenal!!!! The biscuit was a classic recipe, nothing too special, but each table has a small jar of preserves. These may be seasonal, but the spread du jour was a mix of peach and apricot. There was no label on it, you could literally taste both of those fruits distinctly. If all of this wasn't enough, the presentation was astounding. Every few moments another giant fortress of food would emerge from the kitchen. You can tell they take great pride in every piece of culinary kitsch they send out. EVERYONE GO HERE!
4	If a restaurant has huge portions, I'm bound to try it. Don't judge me. That's one of the reasons why you went here anyway right? Ho ho, anyway my sis who happens to live in the area took me here for breakfast since we had nothing to do at the time. I was pretty excited to try this place when my sis told me about it. We came here on a weekday, so good thing there was no wait. They had this offer on the table where if we checked in on twitter we got a free lemonade, and of course we did. As far as what we ordered, my sis got the corned beef hash plate, while I got the roasted chicken hash plate. We also split a brown sugar banana flapjack. The service was pretty decent. Our waiter was able to refill our drinks when the time was right, checked in to make sure we were ok, and bring out our food in a reasonable amount of time. Well, since it wasn't busy, it should have been that way. I got to sample my sister's and her's was pretty good. The corned beef was cooked properly and I remember it came in shredded pieces. Much easier to handle. Unfortunately I felt my roasted chicken hash was a little too dry. White/breast meat is ok to me, its just that the chicken wasn't how i hoped it would taste. Like its been cooked for a little too long. The sides and fixins were decent, and I was not able to finish my meal because the portions were so damn big. Hats off to Hash House. As for the flapjack itself, I can eat that thing all day. It comes on this huge plate and it practically covers the entire surface. You can see the bits of banana glisten in the light and the generous amount of butter waiting for you to spread it all over the flapjack. Each and every bite was sweet. the kind that makes your jaw tingle in the right way kind of sweet. I'd give 5 stars on this thing alone if I could. As much of a carnivore as I am, I'd rather just have this when I'm there. I'll be in Vegas twice next month. You know where to find me and what I'll be eating.
2	I had so much expectation and it went down the drain when I ate my food. The presentation was pretty awesome. We had the fried chicken and waffles and the hash house with salmon. The food was bland and I needed to add salt, pepper and Tabasco sauce. The chicken was dry and the waffles were cold. The salmon was not fresh and it had that fishy odor. The potatoes in the hash was good and crispy though but it lacked seasoning.The service was good but it was VERY slow.
2	We stayed a few nights at The M resort last weekend which by the way was an amazing experience in its own! (Review to follow) And after a long day in the pool we decided to have a late dinner at the Hash House. The service was great very attentive waiter very nice service. We decided to eat in the patio since this was a Saturday they had the live concert out side so we got to eat and watch the show at the same time which was cool. The portions were HUGE!!! I could not believe it one burger could have feed 2 of us for sure! My father got the Burger which he said was pretty damm good, my mother got something smothered in gravy which she also was OK, my husband got the pancakes which were ginormous but not that great in taste and I got the chicken sand-which which lacked flavor and was just dry and nasty. The only thing that was pretty damm good but I know is a heart-attack on a plate was loaded mash potatoes. All in all this place was just OK for me nothing special and the portions are quite ridiculous. If I was back at The M resort I probably wouldn't go back to this spot. The buffet food was 100 times better then this place for sure!
5	AMAZING. I got the omelette with jack cheese, avocado, and bacon. I couldnt stop eating the whole thing
5	Must Have: Chicken Benidict @ Hash House is awesome! It hits every spot, crunchy, creamy, total comfort food!  1 plate can feed 4 people!!! Everything on the menu can be shared, portion size is humongous! If you like the combination of sweet & savory then 2nd Must Have is the Chicken & Waffles! They are absoultley famous for it! I must say I'm from LA & it's better than Rossco's Chicken & Waffles!
4	For some reason I never thought I would actually eat at HHAGG. Don't know why, just seemed like whenever I might have the chance I passed it up. Well, last night I was at The M for a Rock n Roll Wine night and definitely needed to put some food in my tummy after tasting many wines. My friend and I arrived here and I was really surprised to see a picturesque view of the city out their large windows. The decor is nice, classy, with a touch of that "country farm" feel. Our waitress was attentive and congenial. She happily explained HHAGG's portions for me (as I had never been there before, although I did know about the portion sizes), and she quickly took our drink orders. I got a coffee and a water, my friend opted for a Mimosa (the original, but they do have variations). After our drinks arrived we placed our orders. I had to get the Chicken Fried Eggs Benedict, because, yes I am a fan of Man vs Food and I saw him eat this on the show. Of course, the portion was HUGE. I knew it was going to be... but ya, it's still surprising. Luckily the dish was amazingly tasty too. The chipotle sauce on top gave a nice kick. Oh and let me just say now, I fished out all the fried cheese.... because it was that freaking good. The steak was fried perfectly and the potatoes were good too. The best part of this dish is you can get a different bite every time or you can select what you want to get on your fork: little egg, bit of chicken, and a bunch of potatoes... Mmmmm. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I got a tummy ache the next morning. It's probably my own fault because the food was REALLY rich and I ate too much of it. Overall I really enjoyed this HHAGG. If I go back I will definitely come to this one as I have heard pretty bad reviews on the others.
4	Food portions....HUGE!!! Presentation, impressive. Service...very good. Taste, yummy! Great breakfast place!
1	I wouldn't even enjoy this place on a late Friday night:  My friend's chicken n waffles tasted like it had just survived a long, long tornado then been reheated. My dish, the chicken florentine-which I'd so enjoyed mere days prior @ the sahara location(so much better)- tasted more like cheap casino sirloin than chicken and sauce.Service also sucked here... One of those places w/o a host, where you're ignored 10 minutes until a graceful angel of unknown origin addresses you. Definitely avoid this location. There's an amazing similar restaurant nearby called rise n shine(?).
4	shared the chicken & waffles with my friend- they charge you if you split food but the waitress was nice enough to tell us they can waive the fee if we wanted to order a side of something so we ordered a side of biscuits and gravy. the portions were hugeeee, we definitely didn't finish our food. chicken & waffles were good.. but i thought the biscuits and gravy were pretty amazing, aint gonna lie. i'm definitely gonna get that side of biscuits and gravy when i come back. =)
5	Awesome food huge portions.  Sage chicken with bacon waffles yummy!!
2	OK, at 11:10 AM I can't order eggs anyway but scrambled. I think that policy in a Las Vegas restaurant is out of touch.  So I order the Basic breakfast.  The scrambled eggs were so overcooked that they looked grey. I'm hungry and we just want to get on the road and get home. But when the waitress checks in I tell her that the manager needs to know about the cook KILLING the scrambled eggs(exact words). She comes back and says he knows and it's the cooks first day. HELLO! If you don't know how to cook scrambled eggs it should be your last! Do either one of them offer to bring me fresh fluffy eggs? Uh, NO.     The meal comes with one big dry biscuit and the waitress asks me if I want butter. I wanted to say no i really like my biscuits very dry but I was too shocked to be sarcastic. I asked if I needed to order the bacon crispy and she said no it comes on the well side. It was about medium and soaking in grease. AND it did not taste like hardwood smoked bacon!  Potatoes were dry as a bone. C'mon, that's where there needs to be some grease.     So the best part of my meal was the peach jam. Sad performance for a San Diego icon. You should care as much about your simple menu items as you do your over the top ones. This one is on the cook and management, or lack of.
3	all I gotta say about this place is if you want BIG heavy comfort food, this is the place to go. I tried the fried chicken benedict...theres only one benedict on the menu with fried chicken in it.  damn, i was so stuffed afterwards.oh yeah...forgot to mentioned i had a vanilla waffle to go with the benedict and had some fo the pounded pork tenderloin benedict. haha. somebody was hungryso although i loved it, I think if i werent so hungry, i wouldnt have enjoyed the food quite as much....it definitely has some strong flavors that I know some people may not care for. The food is also a mess and may come out not looking very appetizing. I dont mind the messy food every once in a while....its comforting....but its definitely not a regular stop for me.
4	My usual here is the Sage Fried Chicken Hollandaise, but today I decided to try something different.I ordered a Half and Half (Iced Tea and Lemonade), Meatloaf sandwich and Mac & Cheese.  The Half-and-Half (Arnold Palmer) was terrific and refillable.  The Meatloaf was incredible as well, there are so many layers of flavor.  It takes all the things you like about meatloaf and amplified them, while removing the things you don't like.  The Meatloaf sits on two extra thick slices of buttered Texas toast.  The final addition is a thick layer of cheese on top of the meatloaf, forming a cheese skirt on the side.  I said cheese skirt, people.  This is reminiscent of the legendary Squeeze Inn in Sacramento or Napa Valley.The Mac & Cheese, though highly recommended by the waitress (who claimed to be a M&C aficionado), was alright.  The cheese sauce was grainy, but there's the pleasant surprise of scallions in the dish.  Penne pasta replaces the traditional elbow macaroni.The Hash House at the M has a great view of the mountains and overlooks the pool, though it was mostly senior worshiping the sun the day I was there.
3	I love the creativity of Hash house food but I enjoy the Sahara location the best. The food at the M Resort location was ok....and sorry to say this time our service was poor. The staff (Sunday was her name) was very courteous but not attentive. Hopefully its better next time or i will just stay at the Sahara location.
4	second time here. the first time i came i got the griddled french toast dipped in a banana cream w/pecan maple syrup and it was amazing! this time around i decided to try the hh famous meatloaf, roast peppers, fresh spinach and smoked mozzarella and vanilla wafflesmy friend got the andys sage fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, grilled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs. the kiwi watermelon juice is a must! it's pricey, but so fresh and so good :)
4	I'll give it 4 stars for our overall 4 meals. My brother loved his chicken n' waffles. My mom ordered the sausage pot pie which was loaded with gravy, a little too much for her liking. In fact she couldn't even find the mashed potatoes buried in the bottom. My dad had the hammered pork tenderloin sandwich. If your craving a fried meat sandwich this is your dish. It was such a large piece of meat that it hung 4 inches outside the bun. I ended up with two dishes because they accidentally brought out the vanilla waffle instead of the blueberry pecan waffle. The waffle I took home to go but nibbled a corner first. I haven't had a waffle in a year and it defiantly yummy. But I have to say the pecan blueberry pancake is a MUST! The blueberries were so warm and perfectly paired with the pecans hidden inside the moist pancake. The pancake I forgot to mention is HUGE at least 12 X 12" in radius if not more. It is served with butter and syrup but truthfully I didn't use either because the blueberries are sweet enough on there own for the pancake without drowning it in syrup. I got it served with a side of egg whites and potatoes and fruit. You will most likely not have enough room to eat the whole plate but the pancake works as a good next day morning leftover. Just pop a piece in the oven to warm and enjoy!!
4	Likes: giant brown sugar banana flapjack, tangerine juice delicious, service very friendly and goodDislikes: the wait
3	I'm dropping my original 4-Star Review to 3-Stars. Yes, I have good reason, don't worry, I'll get to it.I still think this HHAGG at The M is the best in the valley. The ambiance is lovely and the view is great. Our waitress, although seeming a bit tired, was helpful and happy to get us our food via our coupon I bought through Travelzoo.My Travelzoo coupon included: 2 entrees (up to $14.95), 2 drinks, alcoholic included, and a pancake appetizer. My mother and I ordered the Blueberry Pecan Pancake. It came out and well, it was bigger than my face. Yes of course, everything here is huge, but somehow it never fails to surprise me when it comes out. The pancake was very good. I loved the crunchy pecan versus blueberries cooked directly into the pancake itself.Next is our meals: I ordered the Hammered Pork Loin Benny. My Mom got the "Man vs Food" Sage Fried Chicken Benny. We both though our mashed potatoes were quite cool when we received the dishes and we picked around them to eat everything else. I personally thought my pork loin was quite bland, and yes I realize it is "hammered", but it was like a flat sheet. I found it hard to cut and I was not a fan of what they used to bread it with.Lastly, my mother needed to get change for a $20 so we could leave a tip. When she went up front to see if she could exchange the $20 for smaller bills, the flippant bus boy directed her to the casino change machine. Well I can understand if you don't give out change, but to rudely direct a customer to the casino floor without any general niceties it just rude.So my rating falls for HHAGG. Will I try again? Perhaps. But my favorable view of them is slipping.
4	PORTIONS ARE HUGE...you have to try the Sage Fried Chicken and Waffles!
5	chicken and waffles.
4	If it hasn't been hammered into you already, the portions can probably feed an army.Things that I've had so far are:Bacon, avocado, and cheddar burger: it's quite scary to look at.  But it was amazing.  I suppose if you love bacon, avocado, and cheddar cheese, it would be like the best thing ever.  Sausage biscuit and gravy pot pie: Yeah, I ate this over the course of 4 days.  It was amazing.  The pie part is shaped kinda like a straw hat. The first time I had it, the whole thing was like super crunchy.  The 2nd time I had it, it was crunchy on the outside rim, but softish on the middle.  I think I like that change.Sage fried chicken: Omg, was like massive.  This was actually my first dish here ever, and it was when it just opened.  Unfortunately at the time (circa Fall 2010), the chicken seemed a little dry.  Other people with later reviews have stated that it was better, so probably worth trusting their reviews if they've improvedHouse smoked salmon hash: pretty good.  It actually seemed to be one of their smaller dishes.Roasted chicken, garlic, onions, etc. hash: yea, this was pretty good too.  This time the chicken was fairly tender.The Kokomo: Let me just say that this one terrifying sandwich.  It's a huge slab of some meat/sausage loaf on two texas toast with melted cheese and sundried tomato that's been soaked and sliced.  Absolutely deliciousMashed potatoes with bacon and cheddar: It's basically mashed potatoes with bacon and grilled cheddar on top.  It's not mixed in, like I thought it would be.A bit of advice: if you go with some people, figure out if you want to split  or not.  If you do, you won't have to take home leftovers.  They do charge 2.50 to split a plate, so order some side that you wanna eat that's cheap (or you can take home to reheat), and they'll waive the 2.50 split plate charge.  Alternatively, you could pick foods that don't have something "crispy" that you won't have to worry about getting soggy when you reheat and just take that home.
3	regreted the ribs appetizer--chewy & didn't dig the sauce/marinade.  dug the meatloaf quality, tastiness & big portion.  grand bloody mary worth the price.  i would return in a pinch, but will try to hold out for tastier/more inexpensive joints
4	We went here for breakfast and were not disappointed.  I had the tractor special with 2 eggs bacon and a huge banana and brown sugar pancake and my wife had the meatloaf hash.  We absolutely love their meatloaf and for break fats it was still great!  The food was awesome and the portions we were large.  You do not need lunch after heading here for breakfast and a late small dinner is not out of the question.  These meals fill you up.   My only issue is the price.  I know that the portions are large by some items for breakfast are very over priced, some as much as a dinner costs.  Make sure to get the restaurant.com certificate1
4	Fantastic brunch/breakfast. Any attempt to describe the sheer awesomeness of the Fried Chicken Benedict ("Chicken Benny") would fail to do it justice, because the proper words don't exist. It was enough for two meals and just as good the next day.
1	2 words: NEVER AGAIN! My sister and I shared the chicken and waffles.The portion of this thing was huge, so sharing it was a good idea.Anyway, we both thought it tasted gross. Bland chicken and crappy waffles with bacon in it. Im suprised this was suppose to be one of their popular items on the menu. We only had couple of bites and we were done.This was probably the worst meal i ever had. Who knew chicken and waffles would  kill it for me?!
5	If you're hungover, high, both, or a just plain fatass like myself... this place is perfect for you!!!  Let's just say dirty south, everything is fried, portion sizes are always big enough for 2 or even 3 people.See my pix. Fried Chicken bennie. yes please!
5	I had the brown sugar banana flapjacks and they were the best pancakes I've ever had.  (I'm very finicky about pancakes.)We also had the fried chicken benedict and an order of bacon waffles and both were delicious as well.  I think I'm gonna have to stopy by HHAGG everytime I'm in Vegas for a pancake fix.    Warning: this place is not for the calorie-conscious.
4	Went to hash house again on our way out of town, after telling everyone I was with just how good the place was.  what was ordered: -Hash house quesadilla- Delicious and of course massive just like everything else.  -grilled portobello mushroom sandwich- good but lacked flavor...oh ya maybe because it was only a mushroom sandwich LOL but please note the person ordering was a vegetarian.-crispy cornmeal salmon sandwich- excellent, tender, flaky, slightly crispy, couldn't have done a salmon sandwich better.  super messy-and I think the last thing was some kind of scramble but don't quote me on that.I also ordered their Famous BLT bloody Mary, it had everything you need to recover from a weekend in Vegas.  Good bloody Mary mix, good vodka, salted rim on the glass, a nice juicy tomato, a piece of lettuce, a crispy bacon strip, pepper, Tabasco, and a piece of toast.  HAH absolutely GENIUSwent back home super full and satisfied.
5	Best breakfast I've had. Waiting time was only twenty minutes but we ate at 11 am well after the brunch rush. Our drinks and meals came out super fast after ordering and the food proportions were big. We had plenty of leftovers.  I'll be coming back to this place!
5	Food is delicious and large portions!
2	Mediocre at best and way over price for what you get.  I'll stick to good old Vig's Deli. At least I get my money's worth!!
3	Interesting menu, great (contemporary) decor, and good food.  However, the prices are high and the service was slow.  We went for breakfast on a Thursday.  Place was one third full and we only saw our server once after he took the order.  Took forever to get a refill of coffee.
1	This place is disgusting they put cheese on everything and give you absurdly large portion sizes.  You can't even order eggs the way you  want, just their skillet creations with cheese and whatever disgusting sauces they smother it in.
4	My friends and I stopped by this place on our way back home from Vegas. It seemed a bit crowded when we arrived (Sunday early afternoon) and was told the wait would be 45min. They handed me the vibrating sensor which alerted me when our table was ready. I killed time by gambling a bit at the slots. The wait seemed a lot less than 45min considering I only played $3 worth.TRACTOR COMBO - It comes with a flapjack ($1 extra for their famous ones), eggs and choice of bacon, sausage, or potatoes. I decided to pay $1 extra for the BROWN SUGAR BANANA flapjack and I'm very glad that I did. The flapjack was HUGE. I kid you not, it's like 2-3x bigger than my face! And, my face is pretty round. It was so big, the portion of the eggs and bacon looked like it didn't even belong on the plate! Perfect to eat without syrup, but it's also delicious with syrup. I love the brown sugar and huge banana slices throughout the flapjack. If you have leftovers, I suggest eating it asap because the banana does turn brown/black.BISCUITS AND GRAVY - My bf ordered this and it was yummy! It had biscuits laying on top of a bed of red-skinned mashed potatoes smothered in white gravy mixed with sausages. I LOVE POTATOES and this dish definitely hit my carb spot! This was an awesome comfort food type dish!!!CINNAMON ROLL A-GO-GO - When I first saw this on the menu, I got really excited. In my mind, I envisioned this to be like ... a Cinnabon in coffee form. Sadly, the hype created in my mind was not fulfilled. This drink tasted NOTHING like a cinnamon roll. I barely tasted a slight hint of cinnamon. Honestly, I think they burned the coffee because it was not the business. I thought it was my tongue and selective/picky taste buds, but my bf also confirmed that the coffee was burned. He called the drink a "BURNT A-NO-NO." LOL. I would have asked for a new one, but I ordered mine to-go. I'm willing to give it another try. Although, ~$6 for a cup of coffee doesn't seem like a great deal. Pretty pricey actually.PRICING - Some people consider the price pretty high here, but if you look at the size/portions, I think it's definitely worth it! I barely finished half of my flapjack and had leftovers for the next day. SERVICE - Nice waitress. Timely refills (in the beginning). Nothing out of the ordinary.CON - The only thing I'm not digging about this place is the presentation of the dishes. Their famous Chicken & Waffles looks like it has a dead crow and harvest on top.GREAT FOOD. GOOD DRINKS (Barq's Root Beer). AWESOME PORTIONS.
2	Bland food poor service,overpriced. Goes to show if you get on a tv show people will come. I was one of the fools  a few years they will all be gone
4	Hash House has been hit or miss the times I've gone.  The M location almost gave me reason to give up altogether.  Bad service!  My mom and dad were visiting and my dad always wants to go to HH so we went the day after Xmas.  We were seated right away.  There were people waiting but their parties were larger than four.  We decided to split the Tractor Combo with scrambled eggs, potatoes, french toast and a side of ham.  It came out in less than ten minutes and was the best meal I ever had.I will have dreams about the grilled banana.  I usually stick to egg white scrambles and am disappointed.  But this was perfect (albeit not as heart healthy).  Our waiter was also the best I've had at HH and kept the coffee flowing.  I would recommend this entree anytime.
4	Awesome place!
3	This place is interesting, but I cannot say that the food is all that (I had been warned beforehand, but had to see for myself). The service is okay, but nothing great. The location is good.I had the chicken and waffles. While the chicken was nice and moist, it did not have much flavor. The waffles were dry and the bacon in them, while interesting, added nothing. They top it with a "maple reduction" sauce, which tastes like plain maple syrup to me. I would have loved to have more syrup to make the waffles less dry, but I guess that's just me.The portions are huge, but that's about it.
2	Mixed feelings. Except for the salads, the food was tasty. Meatloaf sandwich and breakfast plate was really good  Be prepared for huge portions. Salads were lettuce heavy and dressing was watery. I gave it 2 stars because the service, though friendly, was slow. And the dishes were dirty. Coffee mug had lipstick all around and silverware smelled like dirty water. If u don't care about that stuff, give it a try.
3	This spot is at an off-strip hotel...The M ResortI opted for the mango coconut pancakes.  The portions were huge and prices were quite reasonable in general.This place lost a star for poor server attitudes and not allowing substitutions on sides (b/c I didn't eat bacon)The food and decor were great, and worth the trip regardless of the two negative points above.
3	The food is ok, but I really don't see why people are so rabid about this place.  The items stress size and fat food instead of flavor.  If it weren't such a great value, I would have given it 2 stars.
4	Friendly servers, food that's farm fresh. Great place to go if you're looking to get huge portions
5	I suppose it helps that I went here with my sister whom I adore. We chatted, ate, and enjoyed the great view of the pool (ok slightly sarcastic). How can you not like a place that has thick applewood bacon, homemade biscuits and strawberry jam, and meat loaf for breakfast!?The food was great, the service was fine, the feel was superb. We were here with a mere few of our closest diner friends on an early Sunday morning. Yes, it was a religious experience. If you are looking for good size portions with taste, and no greasy spoons in a slick setting, for god sakes GO!
5	Yum yum yumi yum yum. Biscuits with honey. If that's what you bring me to start its so on! I wanted to roll in it. The portions are large and in charge. The man v food benedict is worth it! The burgers (I'm told) are good but not great, lack seasoning they are just big! But our waitress was great. Honest which I love! Steered us away from bad choices. Would go back instantly.
2	We 3 went to the M hotel for this great breakfast place....  I didn't know what to expect.My friend said it was awesome.    Huge portions, great stuff......  5 miles or so south of vegas...  I heard about it from the time we drove by the hotel. (which is called "M")The hotel is beautiful, really modern beautiful.The food place..... Really cool looking with an awesome tractor parked in front of it.... all located in the hotel.The waiter:   5 star guy.  Funny, fast, intelligent, checked in on us often.....The coffee;   yummy and super hot,  refilled often and as needed without asking!The  bloody mary's..... good not special or great.The food:   We listened to the waiter.... we ordered 3 of their most popular meals.1.  Fried chicken benny......   Huge.   The first thing hungry me did was grab a slice of bacon from under the huge stack of stuff.....  YUCCKKKKKY  like old buffet bacon, non crispy and cold......      The herb fried chicken....  wow what a beautiful flavor!   The cheese on top.... icky and cold,  the bread/biscuit;  couldn't eat it... hard and dry.2.  Meatloaf hash n eggs....   The meatloaf was cubed into little cubes and looked like formed bologne.  it reminded me of liver in texture which I hate.   The potatoes in the skillette were not edible.   They were old like.  you know what I mean,,  like the skin was wrinkly and coming off the cold potatoe.3.  sausage pot pie... our favorite... yummy sausage with gravy that was probably 1000 calories per bite, but yummmmmmmmmSad the PIE was GARBAGE   It looked like a sombrero turned upside down laying in cold mashed potatoes.   I tried to eat a piece..... couldn't eat it... stale stale  stale.I don't get it The place was packed, and we had a 15 minute wait to sit down.   Man vs Food was promoted by the menu and waiter.....  Who won????    I think the food did in this case as most of it was left on the table.
4	Food was great, service sucked took forever to get our order taken and no refill on the coffee .You shouldn't have to keep looking for the waitress or waiter . This is a customer oriented business and when the exuse is we're really busy it's pretty lame !
4	Portions are huge. Def advise sharing. The ultimate dish is the chicken n waffles!
3	if you didn't already know, they serve very monster plates. this is why people love and hate america(great hangover location as well)
5	If you're in the mood for a large breakfast and creative menu, Hash House is a good choice. I saw the fried chicken eggs Benedict on Man vs. Food. On the actual breakfast menu it can be found under the "Farm Benedicts" section and is called Andy's Sage Fried Chicken. It looked great on TV, looked even better on a plate in front of my face, and tasted even better than it looked. The heart of this amazing breakfast dish is a half pound fried chicken breast, that's seasoned with garlic, rosemary, sage, other spices, and is breaded with cornflakes. The spice and cornflake combination gives the chicken a very fresh and flavorful taste. The tasty fried chicken is then laid on top of griddled mashed potatoes,  some strands of fried pasta for decoration, an open faced buttermilk biscuit, a couple of tomato slices, fresh spinach leaves, and hickory smoked bacon.After the fried chicken is laid on top of this wonderful combination, scrambled eggs, grilled cheese, and an awesome chipotle sauce tops everything off. This plate was so good, that I have decided to rank it as the best breakfast plate that I've ever had. Best breakfast = Five Stars.
4	I love this place! I ate here for breakfast one morning. Ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict. The dish is AMAZING! I was begging for more and was sad to find that towards the end of our dish there was no more fried chicken left to eat. It comes with mashed potatoes and a biscuit with a side of fruit as well. Portions here are huge so we opt to just share this dish along with a mango coconut flapjack.mango coconut flapjack for $7.95 every time I come, and when I did try to look for another option to try a bit o variety...my heart just kept leading me back to the flapjack! I normally get the  It was a good decision. I highly recommend you bring someone with you to share these dishes unless you have a huge stomach or a big appetite. These portions are HUGE, but that's what farm food is aaaalllll about. I did try the snickers flapjack my visit before this one, and it is delish as well however, it is VERY SWEET and filling so be prepared!I like the watermelon kiwi lemonade. its $4.95 with no refills, but the lady was nice enough to offer to refill it with lemonade. I passed. It's really sweet so I just refilled it by watering it down a bit to tone down the sweetness. Worked wonders!I think the food and quality is money well spent for sure. Can't really say much about the service though since it was super busy and it was President's Day so I rarely saw my server, and it took FOREVER to get our check, but it's all good.
5	Very good service got seated right away and had a nice view. The BBBLT was good but they don't have any sliced cheese. I like cheese on my BLTs. Prices are good, portions are big.
4	This is the corporate Hash House. Vegas now has three or four of these, and this is the one, partially because of the nature of the M and the spectacular view of the pool, that seems the least like the others. Not to say that's a bad thing, the food is still amazing and it's very clean- it just got Vegas'd up. Also the bar out front is a nice touch and the wait is seldom very long if at all. As far as the food it's the hash house: TONS of food and exotic derivations of middle america standards with lots of potatoes and delightful beverage options. Come hungry, leave eligible for a stomach stapling.Highly recommended.
4	Food and service was great! I had the Famous One Pound Stuffed Burger with bacon, avocado, and cheddar and it was really gooood!!! The portions are really big!!! So make sure to come with a big appetite!  This place serves breakfast, lunch & dinner in one meal!!! :)
5	Very short wait, maybe 10 mins, and that was even worth the wait.  We were seated next to a glass wall, facing the beautiful Las Vegas Strip!  Now, we live 3 mins from The M resort.  We've wanted to try HH for sometime, we did on a whim tonight.  We ordered our drinks, they came quickly, and were always refilled quickly. After ordering our food, they brought out this biscuit.  I gotta tell ya, biscuits are some of my favorite foods.  It's almost a separate food group for me!  It was THE best I've ever had.  Hands down.  It was covered in a melted honey-butter, it was moist, and flaky.  Had I known that was coming before my meal, I would have ordered something else to eat!  I ordered Chicken and biscuits.  The chicken was moist, juicy, and very flavor able.  The "gravy" cream sauce reminded me of a thick corn chowder.  Not what I was expected but nonetheless it was outstanding.  The portions here are HUGE!  2 people could share one plate easily.  My husband had the stuffed meatloaf plate.  Let me tell ya, the mashed potatoes on his plate were melt in your mouth, cheesie chewy, orgasmic good!  No BS!  When you put it in your mouth your eyes will roll back in your head and you will be caught in the moment of every second of eating those potatoes!  Omg good.  I had just a little bite of meatloaf and it was yummy too!!   For the quality and quantity of the food at HH, I personally think the prices are on the low-end.  We paid $40.00 for 2 entrees, and 2 ice teas!  We've spent that much on mediocre food.  Highly recommend HH to everyone!!
2	Andy's Sage fried Chicken Benedict was definitely worth the 15 bucks they are asking for it. What an amazing platter worth of everything that I love about breakfast. I chose a divide and conquer method when attacking the platter and sure enough took down the entire thing but left a ravaged disaster zone worth of little scraps behind. My deduction of three stars is based on the service side of things. Once we were seated it took about fifteen minutes to have anyone acknowledge us and come to take our drink order. Another good while for our drinks to be brought out and considerably longer before we could wave someone down to take our actual order which was almost an hour after we were initially seated. We saw our waitress only when she came to take our drink order and pick up the bill other than that our plates were brought out by additional staff and we had to wave someone down and ask for our bill. No refills throughout the meal from our waitress or any other staff was probably the hardest part when trying to take down something the size of that platter. Whatever the reason, I simply can't understand how a restaurant located in somewhere as nice as the M Resort can end up allowing this type of service to ever take place. Thanks, but no thanks. I will go without your delicious platter of food if it means I have to endure this kind of service ever again.
5	I love this place, and always try to come here when I come to Vegas. The corn beef hash is amazing, and the portions are hefty but not overbearing. Though I didn't try it, the table next to me had an amazing looking chicken and waffles.Always a good decision!
4	The atmosphere was relaxed and the portions were GINORMOUS!! Our server was absolutely wonderful and the prices were reasonable. The food kind of lacked flavor but was decent. I would highly recommend the biscuits smothered in honey and the Snickers Bread Pudding which was unbelievably sinful. A good place to take out of towners.
4	Pancake size of a large pizza..and its really good. We had the blueberry granola and great to see they didn't skimp on either. Great place to grab breakfast at the M resort.
3	Pretty good food, pretty bad service. I've been here twice when the place was barely occupied, and still the waits to get service were interminable. The second time here, we waited fifteen minutes after being seated for someone to notice us, then we walked out. I also have a problem with the portion sizes. Way too much food per serving. They aren't doing their customers any favors by serving them that much food. Please - charge a little less, and make the portions normal.
3	I swear I thought I reviewed this place already?!? Oh well. The only reason I went back was to hang out with a good friend that chose the place and for my hubby who likes their food and large portions. The few times I've been to a HH, I thought the food was average, hate the large portions, they overwhelm me. Staff and service is always good, never had a problem with that. I adore their biscuists with sweet glaze. I could eat those daily.I was really disappointed that they had run out of Fried Green Tomatoes which was the only thing I really wanted to try. So I settled on the All Blue Crab Cake and Pesto Pasta appetizer. It was good, just nothing special. I tried some of Doug's Ribeye steak, again it was good, the maple glaze butter was great on the steak, a bit undercooked closer to the bone but Doug can handle it.I've said it before and I'll say it again, the only way I'll go back is if someone drags me along.
4	I've eaten here twice now (previously at the one in Imperial Palace on the strip) and both times I've enjoyed the service and the food.  The portions are huge and the food is really good.  The interior looks like a 70's Vegas lounge design, except modern and stylish.  They're known for the amazing breakfast food as well as their over the top portions.  Also their fried chicken I think.I ordered the salmon benedict on this go round, which has smoked salmon, 2 eggs benedicts, sundried tomatoes, mashed potatoes, asparagus, spinach and creamy sauce. It was really filling and hit the spot.  My friend had the fried chicken benedict, which is also highly recommended. Neither of us could finish our meals, and we were hungry.  This one doesn't get as much business as the others I was told because there's the awesome buffet next door, which has one of the best varieties in Vegas.  But if you're not looking for a buffet and are on your way out of Vegas back to LA, this is a great spot to stop and eat.  Awesome possum!
1	Came here to see if Man vs Food was eating alot of good food or stuffing himself for the sake of the show and well yes that is what da show is about if u wanna get technical u frkn Prick!!i kid..i kid..I believe that horrendous combination of chikn n waffle was da challenge.I wouldnt of loss cuz first off i wouldnt eat it!a lil too taboo for me if thats possible lol.I dont even remember what my main order was but the potatos were burnt,and served so that ruined my meal already.The one bright spot was da banana brwn sgr/cnmn pancake!(try saying dat 5x in Vegas mode)Definitely a winner....when all else fails "give em sugar!"haha The actual restaurant was nice... panoramic views of the mountains n vegas strip...most noteable is seeing Stratosphere...home of the Guiness book of  World Records Highest Freefall!!..n Yes,I Jumped Off dat!Random Showoff truth haha.Yea so u can say the food sukd so bad id rather talk about smthn else!!Hash house a go go is an absolute NO NO...
5	What a great place! really unique food combos.. Huge servings, great price. Had a great sunday breakfast with the Family
3	Monkey is a Hash House A Go Go fan since they began in San Diego.  The big portions help feed this growing monkey.  While this branch in the M resort faithfully maintains the quality of other Hash House A Go Go restaurants, they do have their problems.  First, this Hash House A Go Go would not honor the pancake special that contributes a small portion of the proceeds to charity despite the fact they still had the offer advertised on the table.  The service was not as accomodating as other branches.  The fresh jam on the table was limited to peach only, strawberry and blackberry were not available.  Monkey did order a fruit bowl but noted the server put together the fruit bowl from items available at the bar used to make cocktails.  While Monkey certainly recommends Hash House A Go Go, you may want to check out other branches first.
3	nothing to rave about the food here,,, yeah the portions are big, to hide the bad fried food..my cousin got the pork tenderloin benedict, which had this bbq sauce, which I thought tasted nasty, they dried out the meat by deep frying  a thin piece of pork, it would of tasted better, if they just pan fried a pork chop with eggs poached with a little hollandaise sauce.. and i got the farm scramble, i asked for eggs to be cooked lightly, got them all well, I ate it, but would of tasted better, not dry..one of the best item on the table is the peach jam like glaze, tasty, hmmmmmour server was attentive, but we had no setting when we got our meal, had to take some off another table, that should of been caught by the server...I think their is ok, better places to eat in vegas...
3	This was one of the first places I got taken out to eat after I moved to Vegas, and wow. I was in no way warned, so when the portions arrived I just sort of wept softly.  I had the chicken and waffles and got 3 filling meals out of them, being a tiny girl. Waffles stuffed with bacon? Yes. Yes please. And not some soggy nasty bacon. Proper crispy bacon. The chicken was well fried and not a greasegob, and the salty sweet balance was just right. My husband had the eggs benedict, of which he is a very picky consumer, but he proclaimed it "quite satisfactory" and left full for once in his life.The service was good; prompt but not pushy, politely offered everything from beer to desert, but we weren't nagged.Overall, not a place I'd go often, but I think it will be a good place to take the Family From The Midwest when they come and want something "homey but unique".
1	I was hungry and was at the M and thought I would try this place.  I say tried cause I didn't end up ordering.  I waited to be seated in an empty restaurant, apparently the staff were too busy to notice I was waiting.  I was seated directly next to the only other table in the restaurant.  I waited at least 10 minutes for someone to take a drink order and noone came by or even brought me water.  I can understand if the place was busy; however, employees were socializing and passing me with no eye contact.  I guess it is a good thing they are in Vegas and at the M so they have a captive audience.  The lack of customer service guaranteed I won't be back.
4	Good burgers, good Cobb salad, good fried chicken sandwich. Biscuits with the butter, maple syrup glaze are superb. Service is good
4	This one is located at the M hotel beside their buffet. Oh my heaven and stars!!! That's exactly where you feel you've gone after taking a bite out of their waffles!!! It's so fluffy, soft, moist, and tasty! It's seriously amazing! I've never had waffles as light and fluffy as this establishment. We came here under the recommendation of a good friend of mine. She said that the portions were huge and she was not fooling around! The portions are enormous! Here's what we ordered (I took a bite from every one):1. HH Famous Meatloaf, roasted red peppers, fresh spinach and smoked mozzarella ($13.95): There was plenty of meat and potatoes in this dish! The potatoes were soft, but not soggy. The meatloaf were cut into cubes and were easy to bite.  2. Corned Beef, red onions and swiss cheese ($12.95): I was expecting something else, so when I tasted it, I was disappointed. It had a sour taste to it, which I'm assuming is coming from the red onions. 3. Bacon waffle ($10.95): Heeeeeeeaven is all I can say! Who cares about the bacon!4. Chicken & waffles ($xx.xx): I enjoyed the waffles (of course), but the chicken was dry. I loved the presentation though! It's a mountain of chicken!
1	Considering that I get paid to entertain people.  It hurts me to say that Hash House A Go Go was possibly the worst dining experience that I have ever had.  When we arrived at the restaurant, the hostess was no where to be found.  We waited for over 10 minutes before a server sat us.  The next three parties that arrived had the same problem.  Some of them had to wander around to find help.Our server took equally as long to take our drink orders.  I ordered a flavored iced tea which they were out of.  Instead I was recommended flavored lemonade which conveniently does not come with free refills, not that any refills were every offered.The salads were at best OK.  Four croutons on a $8 Ceaser salad?  I also ordered the chicken and waffles.  Two thumbs up for presentation and proportions.  As for the food, I was not so impressed.  Why leave a bone in the chicken?  The fried leeks and pasta noodles used as garnish were unpleasant to eat.It took another 10 minutes to find our waiter and get our check.  I will not be returning nor would I recommend this restaurant to anyone.
2	Am I the only person in Vegas that thinks Hash House is bland? Seriously, the plating and presentation are amazing, but if you close your eyes and take a bite, is the flavor really there? If I'm going to have 1800 calories in one sitting, it better be an orgy in my mouth. I still haven't experienced that here yet. I've done the breakfast and the dinner. I wish I could remember what I had, but that's how lackluster it was besides the novelty of the ridiculous size of the portions.I've tried both locations. Both are completely blah. I don't see the allure besides presentation and the ridiculous size of the portions.
4	Visited some friends staying at this off-strip hotel and had an amazing breakfast. Our server helped us decide on the menu and explained the portions.  They are extremely huge but we had to try a couple of their reviewed dishes. We had Sage Fried Chicken Benedict (it had spinach, hardwood bacon, tomato & mozzarella, chipotle cream, scrambled eggs) and Griddled French Toast (ooey gooey yummy). Wow...talk about enormous! Our server was kind enough to warn about the size and she offered to give us to-go containers so my friend can take it up to his hotel roommate.  We knew we would only eat half of each dish so its all good. I can't speak for the lunch or dinner dishes but their breakfast menu was highly recommended by the concierge and we were more than satifisfied and full! The only downside for me is the drive cause I was staying at the Strip. Next time I'll go to the one on West Sahara or Imperial Palace :)
3	**Summary**       - Dinner - Dinner is definitely a step up compared to lunch. You can still order burgers and a couple signature breakfast entrees, but mainly, dinner gives way to steaks, pastas, swordfish, ribs, etc.       - Portions - Their portions are large in the carb area. You get a giant helping of mash with a lot of their dinner entrees.       - Carbs - This place is a carb counter's nightmare from the giant pancakes for lunch, down to the giant complementary honey biscuits they bring out during dinner.       - View - If you sit next to the windows, you get a very nice view of the M pools. In the setting sun however, it may get a bit warm as the view faces west.       - Service - Though the staff is nice, they are very slow and at times, neglectful. Without waiving down our passing waiter, it's practically impossible to get refills. With two at the table, our entrees came to the table 5 minutes apart.**Ordered**       - $26.95 - 18 oz Bone-In Ribeye -  A very juicy steak. The maple sage garlic butter adds a subtle sweetness to the otherwise salty dish. The sauce also leaks down onto the mashed potatoes to add extra flavor to it. The melted brie cheese was also a nice touch. It went well with the bites of meat (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T8-8C1C7QwxzZcMGK_8H4A?select=vJDEXlCwsUvWJFytn77JwQ#vJDEXlCwsUvWJFytn77JwQ).       - $23.95 - Chili Crusted Indiana Maple Leaf Farm Duck Breasts - My only complaint was you only get two medium sized breasts. They dark meat was very moist and the maple glaze added a sweet flavor that completed the dish (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/T8-8C1C7QwxzZcMGK_8H4A?select=TeEB8yZllX5iA5__W9GnPA#TeEB8yZllX5iA5__W9GnPA).**Recommendations**       - I would recommend this place for the food. Their dinner dishes are inventive, yet classic at the same time. The service however, is so atrocious, I had to dock an entire star for it.
3	Like the rating I gave it is A-OK. Nothing great besides the view and the atmosphere.  I really like the atmosphere of Hash House at the M, & during summer days you are able to look at the pool which is pretty nice. It made me want to go take a swim after eating.Nevertheless, the quality of the food not so great at all.  I ordered the Vanilla waffles with eggs & bacon.  It did NOT taste like vanilla at all, I even forgot I ordered a vanilla waffle.  They should have just named it buttermilk waffle cause it tasted nothing but ordinary.  I did like their bacon because it was nice a crispy.  I had my eggs over medium and it tasted like any other egg I have eaten. I also tried the chicken and waffles & i really liked how they presented the plate. The taste of the food was a disappointment again. The service was a below average and I asked to refill my water at least 3 times till they finally got around to it.  Although she was very nice and had a sweet smile! :) But $12-$20 for my meal, mmmmh I dont know if I would be coming back here anytime soon.  I would rather go to egg works and get better quality food.
4	Yelp Challenge 365 # 175/365there are several Hash A Go Go's and as a matter of convenience, I tried the one at M Casino. By the way, it's just as easy to get to M's Hash A Go Go than to stress with the traffic; park or valet your car, then walk to the restaurant.... Mihcael C is correct on the size. I don't know if any ONE person can finish the entire entree......Rod U is correct that it may appear to look like / act like a "chain" restaurant and in a way, it is....Here's my take: food was good. The portions were a little too large (very large for my appetite), service was excellent and there was no wait for seating (at least when I was there). As Rod says, you can't go wrong with the price. Averaging $15 per entree and enough to feed 2 or 3 people, really can't complain.I had the Chicken Pot Pie. By taste, it was a "chicken pot pie". By design, it was a "work of art" you may just want to look at.  My friend had the chicken and waffles. It was okay= like southern fried chicken and maple syrup I guess...I think I would go back if, and only IF, I was in a large group knowing we could have several entrees and share it for tasing purposes....One last thing! They have the best bloody marys by taste and price south of the Strip.
4	Came in on a Saturday morning before driving back to So Cal. We sat in the bar BC there was a 45 minute wait for the dinning area. BOO!Once seated I got some tasty hot coffee and ordered the fried chicken and waffles bfast which was yummy. Pretty unique that they stuff bacon inside the waffles. The service  was spot on and quality of food was much better then the Imperial Palace location. This location is much cleaner and modern too.I wouldn't have any second thoughts about coming back to the Hash A Go Go at the M Resort.
4	Originally imported to Vegas from San Diego, Hash House A Go Go has become famous as the ultimate post-vegas hangover meal.  They have three locations locally (and a 4th in San Diego).  You can eat at the famous location off Sahara, their location at Imperial palace, or at this location at the M hotel.  This location probably has the shortest wait of the three Hash House locations, but the drawback is that it's a few miles outside of the strip.What makes this place stand out is the sheer quantity of food that you get.  You'll notice that immediately if you people watch and you look at the dishes at others' tables.  (Note: you can pick out the people with the hangovers when you see that everyone at the table has a huge bloody mary).I had a meal with some friends that were locals in Vegas and they talked about how they've shared meals between 2-3 people.  You definitely get your money's worth here.I ordered their house hash with chorizo, jalapeno, and cheddar.  It's served with their crispy potatoes and two eggs, which I had cooked over-medium.   Their chorizo is made with pork and beef and it was pretty tasty.  I ordered their watermelon kiwi lemonade to go with my breakfast and it was very refreshing.My friend ordered their Tractor Driver combo with their french toast.  It comes with two eggs and bacon and their french toast was a favorite amongst my group. It's served with a lightly caramelized banana and a nice pecan maple syrup.My local friends attest that their sage chicken + waffles w/ bacon and their chicken pot pies are awesome for future visits.They definitely have some creativity in the menu, you get a lot of food for what you pay (the dishes are definitely sharable), and you have plenty of options for food/drink.  I can see why it's so popular.  Sometimes the creativity doesn't always work perfectly, but I respect that they try.  I would definitely come back.  I would love to try the original location in San Diego.  But of all of their locations, this is probably the one with the shortest wait.  Definitely check it out on your drive back home.
1	I couldn't be more disappointed in our overall experience with our visit to the Hash House A Go Go in the M Resort. I can only guess that is because it's in a hotel. The staff seemed shorthanded, untidy, and inexperienced. They must have been very understaffed because of all the dirty tables. Our server took more than 5 minutes to even greet us and finally once we ordered our drinks it seemed like we did something wrong when ordering our cocktails.  After about 10-15 minutes while looking over the menu we were never asked if we had any questions or given any suggestions.  Once the order was placed it took more than 45 minutes to get our meals.  Meanwhile we never saw our server until just before the food was coming to tell us it should only be a few more minutes and then instead of asking if we would like another cocktail we had to ask. I have had better service in a school cafeteria. The food was below average and the portions were ridiculous disproportionate. Who likes 4lbs of mashed potatoes and 4oz of vegetables?  I'm also not a fan of the sprigs of rosemary that was sticking out of our appetizer and dinners.  If it's on the plate it should be edible.  I also found it really strange that Judge Judy was on the TV.   To some my review up, I would highly recommend NOT wasting your time or money at this establishment.  I know we will not make that mistake again.
3	Since I'm committed to reviewing the "experience" rather than just the food, I had to knock the rating down a star.The food was very yummy.  My burger was monstrous, just the way I like 'em!  And though the plating wasn't as impressive as some of the hash and skillet dishes (they're lovely! :)), I was very satisfied with my meal.The aspect about this place I didn't care for was their customer service.  When I initially called to make reservations, I got put on hold for over 5 minutes.  I get it, they're busy, but the girl picked up the phone and snapped "I'm putting you on hold."  There was no greeting, no graciousness...what kind of phone etiquette is that?  And FYI, they don't do reservations on weekends or before dinnertime (maybe that'll save you a 5 minute wait on hold, in case you were wondering), which is what I was rather rudely informed once she finally took me off hold.When I got there and checked in, there were about 4 staff members at the front just shootin' the breeze.  They were joking around and making fun of passersby (which was kind of appalling).  They were casually leaning up against the counters.  It honestly looked like a makeshift employee breakroom.  Considering the wait to be seated was 35 minutes, I don't know why these folks didn't have something better to do.  And lastly, though our waiter was a nice guy, one of our side dishes never arrived.  To his credit, he did acknowledge the mistake, apologize for it and remove it from our bill.I also do have to say, we got seated next to the window and it was a BEAUTIFUL day so the view of the pool area was fantastic!  Despite the adolescent behavior of the host staff, everything else was pretty great.  I'd definitely come back to Hash House to give it another try.
3	Came in here for breakfast. Ended up just getting your standard bacon and eggs for breakfast. Taste wise was not disappointing, but only 2 pieces of bacon? LAAAAAAAAAME!!! My uncle got the meat loaf which was good and my aunt got the corn beef which was also good. If I had to go back I would (without a doubt) get a pancake... My jaw dropped when I saw how big it was. Also, if you want dessert GET IT!! There was a snicker bread pudding which was TTTTTOOOO DELICIOUS FOR WORDS. I'm allergic to peanuts and I still ate them anyways (which is common) but I would do it again and again! I also want to try the m&m cheesecakes! Good view of the pool too!
4	I was trying really hard not to take my husband's breakfast plate.  I'm a fan of french toast...I mean, I used to order it EVERY TIME I'd go out for breakfast.  But out of all the french toasts my belly has tasted, THIS french toast is by far....the....bestest....french....toast....EVVVVEEEEEEER.  Your french toast comes with a half baked banana on it that you get to mash up and put on your toast.  The toast is sweet, fresh, and covered with goodness, you might even forget about those awesome breakfast buffets on the strip and go here.
2	So, I make a second visit to Hash House A Go Go, but instead of heading downtown to the Plaza location, I am out in Southern Highlands and head over to the M location.A couple pluses. 1) The M is a much more beautiful resort than the Plaza.  2) The location of the restaurant overlooking the pool is beautiful.  But, the service was superior at the Plaza location, in spite of the fact that the M is more upscale to the Plaza.  Then the food was just not as good.  Al three of us were disappointed, not with the size of course, but the general taste quality of the food.I had the Salmon Benedict and I was unpleasantly surprised that the salmon almost appeared to be canned smoke salmon.  It was a BIG let down.  Somehow when I imagined a Salmon Benedict, I imagined the smoked salmon to be more like lox and not canned salmon.  Plus the sauce, just did not match the flavor palate of the rest of the dish.  Spicy I can deal with but this spice just didn't do for me.The two others with me had the pork cutlet benedict and the chorizo scramble.  While  they liked their meals better than I they still felt that the food just was not all that good.  In other words they'd give it a fair grade, whereas, I would give it a poor grade.So, really slow and inattentive service and poor to fair quality food, make me want to give this location of Hash House a C- to a D+.  But regarding the location, it's an A+, Too bad you just can't eat the location and the view!
5	Monkey was quite happy with second visit.  The management has obviously listened to the reviews and made changes.  Check them out!
4	I guess this place really is a hit or miss for people.  For me, it's been a hit and I've been here 5 times already in the past 3 months.  Dining area is nice and overlooks their pool area. You get a huge biscuit to start off with before your appetizer or meal come out...when done right and it comes out hot, it's simply amazing! Fill it with a little bit of butter and it's honey butter heaven.We've learned that it's very easy to just pass up the appetizers here - nothing is really worth ordering because all their main meals are HUGE! I mean HUGE! Enough to feed 2, maybe even 3 easily...My all time favorites so far:  Meatloaf Pasta, Chicken and Waffles, Mushroom and Swiss Stuffed Burger (or Bacon and Mashed Potato Stuffed Burger), and Bacon Cheddar Mashed Potatoes.I have yet to try any of the breakfast items, but I'm currently eyeing the one noted as the Man vs. Food favorite...Hash Benedict - or something like that.  I'll definitely be back...yes, I am a fan!
4	I've been to the Hash House in SD and I can't forget the long wait for a table, so I was feeling pretty happy when I saw the same menu but no line at this place!We got seated at a table right next to the pool.  Great ambiance, HUGE portions for their dishes.  I highly recommend the Chicken and Waffles.  It can easily feed 2-3 people.  2 large pieces of fried (almost boneless) chicken atop 4 stacks of waffles (which has bacon in between), and overlaid with strips of fried green onions.  The taste of the fried green onions mixed with the waffles and syrups is just so wonderful that makes to want to eat more and more till you can't handle no more! Hahaha... be prepared to be stuffed!A plus:  They have happy hour drink prices all day at the bar at the entrance of the restaurant.  You can order your cheap drinks there and bring it back to the table.  Also, I remember seeing on their billboard that they have this special going on right now, where on Friday and Saturday nights after 10pm.. entrees are 2 for 1.It is quite a drive off the strip, but it certainly is worth it if you want to get away from the crowds and grab a BIG meal at very affordable prices.
4	So on a random whim a group of my friends and I decide to go to the M hotel to eat the buffet. When we get there, we realize there is less than an hour to enjoy the buffet so sadly we went to find some place else to eat. One drunk member in my party exclaimed HASH HOUSE! HASH HOUSE! So we look for the restaurant. Before we get seated...we noticed the little sign in front that says if you sit at the bar it's happy hour...so the 3 drunk members of our party staggered towards the bar. Anyway after our party of 5 is seated, we look over the extensive menu and well since 4 of the 5 people have never eaten here we ask our server for some tips. I think his name was Brian, he was one of the bartenders and he was AMAZING. He first took our drink orders, and well he made the 3 drunk guys some SUPER STRONG drinks. SO STRONG that...well maybe I'll finish that story later. Anyway, I like the great DD I am, ordered an Arnold Palmer (decent). Anyway after we received our drinks, Brian came and went over the menu section by section. Telling us his honest opinions of what was good and what wasn't. All I have to say is EVERYONE enjoyed their meals. ALL PORTIONS WERE HUGE. The 2 dishes from our order that were the best were the crab cake appetizer and the Meatloaf. The meatloaf is unlike any other meatloaf you've ever eaten. Plus you get SOOOOO much for your money. It took sooo many people to finish off that plate. All in all this Hash House A Go Go experience was Top Notch. Final Verdict:If I want some American Style cooking and I'm in Vegas, I will go again.
4	as we venture into the very south end of vegas,  we wandered into M hotel, it's nice to see a beautiful hotel outside the strip, the buffet line was so crowded that we decide to try this mid western bucolic style establishment, we were all overwhelmed by the amount of food on our plates , i am usually doubtful about restaurants that stress more on the quantity side, but quality wise, it was above standard and the service was attentive and made us very comfortable, too bad i didnt get to try the desserts, definitely next time !
3	Went for brunch with my wife.  I got the lamb hash with 2 eggs while the wife got the Bacon Waffle from the senior menu.  My eggs wrer cooked okay and the hash was okay.  Could have used more seasoning and more garlic.  Biscuit with hash was okay.  My wife got the best deal with her bacon waffle.  She ordered it off the senior menu..cheaper but the same size as regular priced menu..So if you like bacon waffle and can qualify for the senior discount....get the bacon waffle.  Waitress told us that tip.  The best thing about it was the nice strong coffee they serve.  I think I should have gotten the Chorizo Hash.  Maybe next time.
4	I had Brunch at Hash House A Go Go yesterday and ate what they affectionately call the Tractor Combo.  Initially I felt ripped off at seeing only one pancake until I found myself quitting about 50% of the way. This has to be the best restaurant pancake I've ever had...I can't believe it actually contained snickers!
2	Who eats airplane food anymore? Well, after an over night flight and settling into our car, we decided that breakfast was in order and we would require a large portion of food or the ability to order multiple dishes. Well, a friend recommended going to Hash House a Go Go and since we were already south at the airport, we opted to head on down to their location at the M Resort...While the portions were certainly large and the prices reasonable, the food ultimately fell flat.The menu is certainly wide ranging and the breakfast menu comes across with some appetizing delights. With eggs, scrambles, pancakes, benedicts and more you are sure to find an item that will please the palate and fill your stomach. That being said, the roasted chicken house hash which was one of their popular items fell flat. The chicken was a tad dry and came across as leftover rotisserie chicken from Safeway tossed with peppers, asparagus and rosemary and then left on top of potatoes. It could have used a tad more salt and just a bit more flavor. The original benedict was interesting however the red pepper cream needed a bit more flavor and the bacon was a bit on the skimpy side. The banana brown sugar flapjack was ok but also didn't have an even banana flavor that would have been pleasant to have. All in all, the verdict ultimately bottoms down to the fact that the flavors missed the mark and could have used some salt. Maybe not the iced-tea which was quite lovely.Service was ok and the staff generally attentive. The water in my glass did go empty once but they were by from time to time to check in on us and make sure we were ok and comfortable. The ambiance was certainly light and airy and was the one highlight of the experience. Tables were well spaced so that you wouldn't be taking part into your neighbors conversation while the seating was pleasant to the bum so you could enjoy the company you were with.Was the food terrible? No, however it just missed the mark on a lot of levels that made me actually think Denny's might be an improvement. I sort of wish I had that ham and cheese roll on the plane.
4	Me and the boyfriend came here last weekend for brunch. We live in Vegas and have always gone too the same places to eat over and over so we decided to try something new. Luckily they have a location in my fave. hotel/casino right off the strip so it's convenient for Henderson residents (The M resort)I ordered the grilled portobello mushroom sandwich with a salad instead of fries as the side. The sandwich was delicious and HUGE. The goat cheese and red peppers were delightful and their cucumber dressing on the salad was probably one of the best dressings I have tried. Oh and the croutons, Ah-maze-ing!  I had the Kiwi Watermelon lemonade and it was just as delicious as I expected, the only downside was the Watermelon slice on the side of the glass wasn't very fresh but that's okay, it was really just supposed to be a garnish anyways right?   My boyfriend got the chicken and bacon waffles and I had a few bites...  at first I thought bacon inside waffles...umm idk...  but after taking 1 bite I was hooked and kind of wished I ordered that LOL     The fried chicken was good, nothing special but still tasty and I like how they used sage in the batter.  All in all it was def. worth the price, and the restaurant is really nice inside with huge comfy booths. If you want, you can sit next to the window and watch all the skinny girls in their bathing suits while you stuff your face haha
2	I was excited to try this highly publicized restaurant and the dishes we had seen looked amazing.  Our party of 3 ordered different dishes, that was presented well, but the overall flavor was just okay.  I  personally think that sometimes simple meals might just be better.
3	The food was good and the portions are gigantic! Two can share one plate. Three stars because the service was pretty bad which is a shame. My lil 9 year old bro ordered a kids burger and they brought it out after being reminded and when everyone else was pretty much done eating. I felt embarrassed for the waitress when he told her " how hard is it to make a burger?"  But the food was good.
3	I admit I watch my plenty of Food shows on TV.  I've seen and read about Hash House A Go Go plenty, and I was looking forward to pigging out there on my recent trip to Vegas. We went to the location at the M Hotel.  I was surprised the restaurant wasn't bigger.  Our server, John, was very friendly.  We decided to try 2 of the items featured on Man Vs. Food.  I ordered Andy's sage fried chicken benedict with spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, scrambled eggs, and chipotle cream.  We also tried an order of the chicken and waffles filled with bacon.  Yes, the portions are huge!  Yes, we ate something we saw on TV.  That was good enough to get us in the door, but in and by itself, won't get us to come back.  That benedict was too dry and filled with too much stick to your ribs starch.  I've never had chicken and waffles before, so I have nothing to compare their version with.  I have eaten good fried chicken though, and Hash House a Go Go's fried chicken was kind of dry and the crust fell off easily.  John was fabulous, and he even arranged for a wheelchair to bring me out to the car.  Not because we ate too much, but because I was on crutches.  Great service, but the food was just okay.
4	I love a good breakfast and this place delivers! It's not the cheapest joint, but it isn't outrageous either, so I think you really get your moneys worth.I had the eggs benedict - just fabulous! You won't walk away hungry, thats for sure. The service was great - we loved how our server conversed with us a bit, not just about food, but about how he and his wife ended up in Vegas. He didnt ramble on, just gave us the important points and moved on! My grammy lives close to the M resort, so we stop in here and there when in town!
1	We came here on a Friday morning and ordered the corned beef hash and Sage chicken egg's benedict, the favorite on Man v. Food, for 40.- I've been to Hash house on Sahara before, and compared to the service, M resort Hash House is horrible!! If you have the red head, CRYSTAL, expect to have some bad service. "I don't give a F" attitude without a smile. She made the food taste worst. - Aside from the service, the food was great. - Huge portions! better shared. - Man v. Food meal: crispy chicken, lots of mash potatoes, and there was this crisp of cheese that was soo delicious - The beef hash had really thick pieces! Very cheesy. Also comes with 2 eggs, potatoes and a biscuit.- Biscuit is huge and kinda hard.- A wonderful view of the M pool- AVOID THIS HASH HOUSE. Go to SAHARA!- Payed with credit card? CHECK YOUR BALANCE. You WILL be over-charged by 8 bucks or so depending on your meal. I called the restaurant to dispute the charge and the lady told me that M Resort takes a % of the bill and charges you, which will be cleared in 3-4 business days. If not then, call the manager. WTF...
4	Love it, best part of my Vegas trip.  The BLT Mary was a meal in it self.   The pancake was Ginormous, and delicious.  They actually candied the pecans (Which they didn't do in the San Diego location) and that added that special something.  The food, service, and cleanliness was just wonderful.  I'm telling you it's gonna be the best thing about your Vegas trip, other than the floozies.
1	Great food, the WORST SERVICE EVER.  Twice, at this location, we had the crappiest, slowest service I have ever dealt with.  We were patronized, lied to, and our party of 7 was served in three waves, spanning over 30 mins.  So that means, 10 mins AFTER the first guests finished there meal, the last one was just getting theirs.  AWFUL.  Go to the HH at Imperial Palace, service is MUCH better.
4	I LOVE THIS PLACE but at first I didn't know this place would have HUGE Portions. But it's soo good, but don't try Choclate Milk, it doesn't taste like choclate. But it's still good, has a  good view, but I'd go to another restaurant at the M like the Vig Deli.
5	Sage chicken and bacon waffles were insanely good. Service was very friendly and attentive. I would recommend this place to everyone I know.
3	On the way back to L.A., we decided to stop for breakfast outside of the Strip area and since I had never been to the M, it seemed like a logical choice.Walked in a spotted the Hash.  Had been to the one on Sahara and loved it.It's Monday morning and the place isn't busy.  So we walk up past the awesome tractor in the lobby and ask to be seated.  The nice but frantic young lady tells us it'll be 5 minutes.So we sit a few and she tells us she's ready.  The entire time we were there, she was running around looking way too busy, but not in a really professional way. She looked liked she couldn't handle a few people, I would hate to see her when they are really busy.Anyway, we get a nice table in the dining area overlooking the pool and staging area.  Very nice place, maybe a place I might think about booking one day.  So our waiter Gary and new hire in training Jeremy help us. Gary was great.  Gave us a lot of options and we made our choices.  My food comes and the blueberry and pecan pancakes are as big as the steering wheel in my truck. Comes with a side of cube potatoes.  Not bad, but I prefer them smaller.  The pancakes are delicious, even though we couldn't finish them.This place doesn't have the ambience of the original, but I would definitely stop here again.  The portions are huge, worth the price and if you hit it at the right time, service isn't too bad.A side note: parking was extremely easy, the casino is beautiful and there appeared to be other good choices for food.   I will be stopping by again.
2	Big portions but food not great.
4	Huge portions for the price and the food is good!Most dishes should be shared.They have freshly made jam on the table, must try
2	I have been here a few times and I can say I haven't been overly impressed. I have had both breakfast and lunch and have tried everything from the tractor tire sized pancakes to the vegetable risotto. One of the things I find off putting about this restaurant is the OVER abundance of food. USUALLY, I love large portions but, this food generally has sauces and butter which doesn't generally do well the next day, so you feel like you have to eat AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE (ok, maybe thats just me and thats why my pants don't fit right now) but- I hate leaving SO MUCH FOOD! Anyways..... Heres the ones that stick out the most-Risotto: The flavors didn't mesh well and was more of a random mix of vegetables on top of a giant squashed which was burnt on the bottom. I ate a bit, took the box home and the butter had congealed- not the best.Andy's Sage Fried chicken: I REALLY wanted to love this dish! It sounded SO GOOD fried chicken w/ fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs- Pefect right? wrong.... The Chipotle cream is slopped on  by the bucket full and is super over powering! Its also another dish that doesn't hold up the next day... Pancakes and Eggs: Good pancakes! Fluffly, warm and HUGE!!! These were for a 7 year old and she gobbled them up... I may have snuck a fork full when she wasn't looking, DONT JUDGE ME! I LOVE the idea of this place so much and I have gone so many times and tried a little bit of everyones dish.. its not TERRIBLE but its not GREAT... Im 50/50...
4	Definitely like the San Diego location better. The decor is just alot more fun and unique. Although this location has a great view of the pool, but otherwise the restaurant looks like any other. But when it comes to food, this place always amazes me with the giant portions and not so giant price.A friend of mine has the mango and coconut pancake. Easily a foot in diameter. Very tasty, good balance of fruit and dough.I had the roasted chicken, corn and pepper scramble. I found that the chicken seemed like reheated chicken, wasnt too thrilled about that one, but the corn, red peppers and onions tasted pretty good with the eggs. Also came with a choice of mashed potatoes or crispy. I went with the crispy and liked them overall. Oh yeah, this also came with a slice of watermelon, cantaloupe, and a giant biscut. And no, I didnt finish it all. The bf had the sage fried chicken benedict, the one they are famous for and I guess a Man Vs. Food favorite! Theres just so much going on with this one, I dont know where to start. A bed of mashed potatoes with 2 huge pieces of fried chicken on top, and somewhere in the middle was eggs, biscuit, tomatoes, basil, gravy, and cheese? Not sure if Im missing something in there. I thought the chicken had a nice light sage taste to it, but I was expecting it to be stronger. Overall was pretty tasty though. We also split the breakfast quesadilla, as if we needed an appetizer. Egg, cheese, potato and jalapeno in a tortilla topped with a chipotle sauce. Very yummy with a good amount of heat to it without being too spicey.In addition to this, we were also here during happy hour, and they had specials on Mimosas, with your choice of orange juice, pineapple juice, or grapefruit juice. I thought that was pretty awesome, and Ive never seen anything like that offered before.
4	We came here to kill 2 birds with 1 stone. We wanted to see the M Casino and we wanted to see how the Hash House a Go Go was in response to a man versus food TV show review.The food here was excellent. I ordered the chicken and waffles and my wife ordered the corn beef sandwich. Both meals were outstanding. The flavors for unique, the portions were huge, and the price was very reasonable. The great atmosphere provided by the M Casino made it just that much more of a great dining experience.I would come back.
5	Incredible!  Bring your appetite and be prepared to take home half!  Proportions are huge!  We've mostly been here for dinner but enjoy breakfast and lunch as well.  We first tried the one on Sahara awhile back, after seeing it on Man Vs. Food.  The chicken Benedict still has to be one of my favorites but love the pork tenderloin and some of their other dishes as well.  The sage fried chicken and waffles are incredible as well!  Don't knock the strange and twisted farm food.  You have to taste it to know what I'm talking about.  The biscuits are yummy and I love the homemade jams they have to go with it, or even just honey!  Oh, and don't go there if you're on a diet : )  I usually go on one of my blow it days.  So worth it!
1	Let me start this off by saying that several people at the conference I was at ate here and had a great experience. This is only my experience.Our waiter was rude, rushed and almost down right hostile. I ordered the BBBLT (no T) with a salad, my friend ordered a grilled cheese and mashed potatoes off the child's menu and our other friend ordered a fried chicken salad with dressing on the side and no tomatoes. My food came out and because my mother raised me right, I waited for the other two meals to be served. And waited...........and waited.........and waited. I watched another server try to give the grilled cheese to another table. I asked about it and that was corrected. I again waited for the third person in our party to be served. And waited.......and waited........and waited some more. 10 minutes after we finally asked about her salad and were told that the other server had served it to the wrong table. He lied, that was the grilled cheese. The salad was served about 2 minutes later and it was the wrong salad, covered in dressing, had tomatoes and grilled chicken. When we pointed this out, the waiter again tried to lie. In the interest of trying to get the heck out of there, she went ahead and ate the salad.It wasn't until my friend with the grilled cheese realized there was dried egg on her fork that we just couldn't take it anymore. At this point I asked for the manager. He was honest, apologetic and offered to comp our entire meal. Only due to the manager and the fact that everybody else had a good experience would I consider going back.
5	Love this place. Huge portions and great food! Had the scrambled eggs with bacon, avocado, a biscuit and crispy potatoes. Had some coffee which was good and the seats are nice n squishy if you sit in the booth which I like. I think you're able to get happy hour drinks from the bar next door and bring them in. They make their own fruit preservatives every morning and we put that on the biscuit with butter. Yum! Oh yeah, great prices too! - DC
5	I would recommend the M Resort and Imperial Palace locations which are the best! You get alot of food for the price and go hungry! I had the Apple smoked bacon & mashed potato burger - (comes with two patties with stuffing in between on a fresh bun with lettuce, tomato and red onion.) On this day I had to share with someone... haha
1	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER! Sage Fried Chicken Salad is an entire head of rough chopped lettuce, a couple of walnuts, tomatoes, and apple slices, and two crumbs of blue cheese. The chicken was flavorless and dry. Crispy salmon sandwich was also dry and tasteless. Portions are ridiculously huge. The waiter was great, but in a restaurant this size, the communication between waiter and food server is key, but more than lacking here. And management, especially Leilani, needs to be retrained in all aspects of her job. She doesn't know how to correct mistakes, she doesn't know how to speak to upset guests, and she doesn't know how to manage her staff. We will NEVER eat here again. Complete waste of time, money, and energy, and food.
5	Bring an empty stomach, sweat pants and maybe some guns to carry the leftovers home -- I'm not kidding!Right next to the buffet at the M Resort (Studio B). Even though they have other locations, we love the M and it's perfect for the drive since we always get hungry on the way to Vegas and it's a great stop to eat and by the time you get to the strip, you check in as you digest then you can get ready and go out right after!(+) HUGEEEE portions(+) great selection(+) definitely well worth the price(+) perfect place for a date. Make sure you request to sit by the window looking over the pool*Sharing is caring! MAKE SURE YOU SHARE!!
2	Attracted by the larger than normal pancake breakfast, we took the family for breakfast since we were headed to California. Tried to get a seat by the window, but the hostess said there were no tables available there when clearly numerous tables were open. Sadly we got seated right by the entrance, but no big deal. We asked for a booster seat for the 3 year old and it took them forever to bring one. Waitress didn't bring enough silverware for everyone so I had to take one from a back table. There are several bussers walking around, but none would come to pick up our empty plates or do much of anything constructive for that matter. We had to ask for our check from our hostess since our waitress had vanished into the back room and didn't come out in a long time. Big pancakes are good, but nothing really special, just a big size is all. Go go is right, we won't be back.
3	I was happy to see that they now have a limited breakfast and lunch menu with smaller portions for those over 50.  The portions on the regular menu are enormous.  That is fine if I am going home after eating, and can take the leftovers home.  But, if going to a movie, I don't like food sitting in a car for hours.  And, I hate to waste so much food if I leave it.  I ordered the Basic breakfast:  two eggs any style, bacon, potatoes and choice of toast or biscuit. The bacon was tough and chewy, so I knew it had been cooked hours earlier.  The best thing was the biscuit. Service was slow, and the server made a number of errors.
5	WOW, crazy big food, with muliple locations not just in Veags but San Diego as well. Be sure to go and try the chicken and waffles, the Hash is a must as well. share...the food is big!
1	Massively disappointing. The only thing tastefully done here was the decor, although someone forgot to think about the acoustics of a large, open room filled with metal and wood - don't expect to hear anyone except the person right next to you, and that's only if they're leaning in. The service was terrible - the only person who even remotely approached a good mood was the bus person, the waiter being the worst of all.And the food - oh the food.  There's a reason this place is known for its "you have to see it to believe it" portion size; that's all it has going for it.  I had the Original HH Benedict, or something I now refer to as disappointment on a plate - smoked bacon, spinach, tomato slices, covered in a roasted red pepper cream, served on a biscuit over mashed potatoes.  Sounds delicious enough, but the reality was just awful, beginning with the tree branch sized rosemary sprig planted in the middle of my benedict dish.  Why put something on the plate that I can't eat?  Buried in the eggs was also some red colored branches that resembled lobster antennae.  Again - not edible, and this is buried IN my food.  The bacon was paper thin, definitely NOT smoked and quite frankly, I can get better quality from Hormel.  The tomato slices weren't quite ripe so they were tough and lacking in any kind of tomato flavor, although the smothering of red pepper cream would've effectively killed any kind of flavor had it existed.  Speaking of the red pepper cream - it tasted like it came out of a jar and my plate was literally covered in it.  The smattering of raw spinach leaves was a pointless addition; the dish would've been just as hideous without them and it made no sense in even the concept of this plate to throw them on there untreated.  The biscuit tasted like raw white flour and baking powder though the texture was quite nice.  The only redeeming thing on the plate was the mashed potatoes, but by no means would I ever suggest a trip to this restaurant for mashed potatoes.  Actually, I wouldn't suggest a trip here period.
5	Was in town with the kids after Christmas. After eating at the Hash House in San Diego and were so excited to see this Hash House a few miles from our hotel. The Kids got the Kiwi Strawberry Lemonade and loved them. The bacon waffles to die for.  The fried chicken blew my mind. Cannot wait to come back to Vegas to go to the Hash House again
4	Think about sharing a dish unless you are a HUGE eater!!I shared the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict with a friend. My, oh my... it is a TON of food. Make sure to get the sauce on the side, otherwise your food will get soggy and gross.There were only two scrambled eggs, which was not much in my opinion compared to the amount of chicken and mashed potatoes. There was plenty of bacon as well.I did NOT like how we could not order the Happy Hour drinks while dining inside. Because of that, our whole table did not order drinks and we also decided to order drinks somewhere else after the meal.
5	Always stop on the list when in any city that this restaurant is located in. Love you HH!The location of this one is inside the M Resort. I've been twice and have never had to wait to be seated. Try the Andy's sage fried chicken with fresh spinach, hardwood smoked bacon, market tomato, griddle grilled mozzarella, chipotle cream and scrambled eggs. Get ready to eat it for a few days or split it because it is very big.
4	had the fried chicken benedict and a cranberry juice.the cranberry juice was fantastic.the fried chicken benedict was ok. the chicken was actually a little dry and couldnt really taste the fried batter over all the other stuff. im not sure what the pink spicy sauce was but it had a nice zing to it. the biscuit, bacon, and mashed potatoes was pretty standard.overall i felt it was a hearty meal, definitely a lot of food but other than the pink spicy sauce it seemed a little bland.our waitress checked on us often. good service. was a little upset that i wasnt offered a crayon book... =(also i thought it was funny that the kids menu said in the corner something like only for 10 years and younger with id... uh ok... 10 year olds carry identification or birth certificates...
1	I took a couple of traveling guests here for a late lunch or early dinner. It was nice that they serve breakfast late which made us all content, however, the dishes that we got rated lowest of all the meals we ate while they were here. For starters, our service was terrible. We were 1 of 2 tables in the lounge area and waited more than 10 minutes for are greeting service. We all had bloody marys because of their great reviews, but they were among the worst we have had in Las Vegas yet. (Definitely not worth $14.95) then our meal came after being taken 60 minutes prior and presentation was beautiful, however, the preparation and food itself was once again terrible. I have eaten Hash House on Sahara and in the Imperial Palace and they were both a wonderful experience so don't let this review turn you away from Hash House a go go, but I would advise against going to the location at the M Resort.
3	Great breakfast place.  Not sure it's worth the hour plus wait.  If you are a single, or maybe a couple, you might be able to score a spot at the bar.Had the bacon waffle that everyone raves about.  Yes, it was good, but not magical.  Just two pieces of bacon cooked inside a pretty standard waffle.Service at the bar was stellar, especially considering how busy they were.
5	We stopped here for breakfast on our way out of Vegas on a Sunday morning.It is nice to get a head start out of vegas and eat at this brand new hotel. The M hotel is very nice and very clean. The best part about this pace was that there was virtually no wait on a Sunday. Having been to the Hash House in San Diego, this is unheard of.They have the exact same exceptionally tasty menu and my favorite the Pork Tenderloin Benedict. This was big enough for two to split and still have leftovers. They had happy house prices at 1130am and drinks were only like 3.50.The hotel is very nice and for once, there are not people sitting in your lap eating since the other Hash Houses are very small and loud.
1	Not good. We've been here twice and it wasn't been good either time. The first time I had French toast and it was ick. We all ordered together (four of us), but all of our items came out at different times. It was about 15 minutes from the time out first item came out to the last. Waiting for everyone's food to come out before starting was terrible. With my sweet French toast they stuck a huge sprig of rosemary in it... Weird. I do understand that is just what they do but weird. The service was horrible! My drinks were empty almost the entire time. The second time we went I ordered a BLT. It was not good. The bacon was under cooked and very fatty. The tomatoes were green and crunchy and I'm pretty sure frozen at one time. They put half of a head of wedge lettuce on it. The bread was soggy from all of the butter on it. I had to disassemble it to make it so I could actually eat it... Not a good start. As I was taking off 90% of the lettuce I noticed there was no mayo. Who eats a BLT with no mayo!? Seriously? So I waited until the server came back. I ordered fries with my sandwich because I heard they were good. Well some person in the kitchen decided that it would be a good idea to put cooked bell pepper on top... Nothing on the menu said that there would be bell pepper on my fries! Well my order came last (17+ minutes after the first order came) so I waited to send my fries back and order mayo. I waited and waited. Literally waited until everyone had almost finished half of their meal. The guy didn't come back! So I started to eat the fries that weren't touching the peppers. I didn't get to eat my sandwich until everyone was finished and he came to take plates away. He didn't come once to ask how our meal was. He didn't come to ask if our meal came out correctly. He was terrible! My kid's food didn't come out until we were almost done with our food. It was one of the worst experiences for breakfast I've ever had. We won't go back. The food wasn't good. The service was horrendous! I guess they go for quantity over quality.
1	FIRST TIMER - NEVER and I mean NEVER COMING BACK.  Our server was rude. Didn't introduced himself and seriously felt we were being rushed. I wish I knew his name so I could have let management know how horrible we were beinh treated.
5	BLEW. MY. MIND. I was left speechless after this meal. I opted for the fried chicken benedict, my friend ordered the fried chicken and waffles. This place is unlike any other place I have eaten. My benedict was PERFECT. Unique combo of flavors with the light kick of creamed chipotle sauce, crisp bacon, perfectly seasoned chicken, delicious mashed potatoes, fresh biscuit, tomato and a little spinach! WOW. Don't come here looking for a healthy meal. My friends food was amazing as well. Plates look stunning when they come out. Ultimate place to splurge!!!!!!!
3	This was my first visit to the M Hotel Spa Casino in Henderson, NV.  We had a coupon for $10 off breakfast or lunch.  They serve lunch until 5pm.  There were 4 of us.  We shared 2 entrees which was plenty of food with left overs.The Chicken Pot Pie was huge!  It had large slices of carrots, chicken, peas, and broccoli, in a rich creamy gravy with a thick crust on top.  It would have been enough for 4 people.The hamburger was 2 patties stuffed with avocado slices, bacon, and cheddar.  The fries were crisp on the outside and tender on the inside.  The side was extra.A cup of hot water cost $2.95.  Service was minimal.  We had to ask for a refill of water and To Go boxes.
5	Love this place, never disappointing.  I always get the chicken and waffles because the chicken is always tender and juicy and nobody can beat bacon in waffles.  The espresso drinks are always spot on and the biscuit with honey butter is wonderful.  I also recommend the pancakes that are literally bigger then your head in which they give you a small pizza box if you have leftovers.  Go at night when they give out the biscuit and the staff is friendlier.  A MUST GO here in VEGAS.
5	This weekend was all about reconnecting with my friends and family.  I was in the middle of house sitting and babysitting my puppy and was located by the M resort, so I tried to coordinate brunch with my friends.  I've never been to a Hash House before and thought this would have been the best opportunity to "hit two birds with one stone."  It gave me the opportunity to reconnect with friends and try a new place for my Yelp reviews.  The first thing that gave me a sign that this place was going to be good was the long wait.  First off, there was a 10 minute wait to get a buzzer.  Then it was an hour wait after wards.  WOW.  We were about to leave to go somewhere else.  I'm glad we stayed.  The outside of the restaurant had a giant size menu so we could figure out what we were going to get.  There was a bar area to the right and a waiting area to the right where the hostess stand was.  In the middle were three big barrel tower stands and a car looking statue.  The tables were metal tops with small vases of grains in it.  The tag line I saw was "twisted far rm food," which makes sense that the decor farmers chic mixed with a modern twist.  What I really liked was the floor to ceiling windows which offered very dramatic views of the entire valley.  I really enjoyed that part of breakfast.  For my meal, I got the Man vs. Food favorite, Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict for $15.95.  This meal was HUGE!!!  They even stuck a steak knife in the middle to prevent the entire dish from falling over.  Where do I begin...hmmm...well, let's start from the bottom!  The dish was on a bed of creamy mashed potatoes.  On top of that was a light and airy, flaky biscuit.  On top of the biscuit was fresh spinach leaves, sliced tomatoes, smokey bacon, a huge cut of sage breaded fried chicken breast and topped with grilled mozzarella cheese.  The entire dish is heavily drizzled with a spicy chipotle cream sauce with chopped peppers and tomatoes.  Garnished with a pineapple and orange slice.  The chicken was definitely the star of the show for me.  Super juicy and super flavorful.  The chipotle cream sauce really enhanced the flavor of the entire dish and I loved that the tomatoes and spinach really livened up the dish with freshness.  I LOVED THIS DISH!  It will definitely keep me coming back.  I also got to try a friend's meatloaf hash and another friend's brown sugar banana pancakes which were both delicious as well.  When you come to this place, you better expect a long wait, especially on Sunday brunch.  Please stick around, you won't be disappointed!  This place really delivered it for my first visit.  First impressions mean everything and I can't wait to return with other people who haven't been there so I can introduce them to the wonders of Hash House!
3	This place is located in the beautiful M hotel!I got the eggs with mushrooms, artichoke hearts, etc with the hash (huge, crispy potatoes!) served on a skillet.  It was pretty standard.  Oh, the biscuit was a bit hard and dry.  My friend got the chicken and waffles and was slightly disappointed with how dry the chicken was, and how the waffles weren't crispy.  My other friend's french toast was pretty standard.All the dishes looked impressive but once you took a bite, it didn't meet our expectations.  Boo.
4	located in the M resort (a beautiful resort.  worth staying in the summer because the pool is AWESOME.  not touristy at all.  so relaxing)  we ate here in the summer when a family member was in town and we had a great view from the window.  the portions are HUGE though so just save your money and just share a plate with someone :)
4	I see what all the hype is about here. Never seen the Man Vs Food episode so I've heard a lot about it. We came to this location instead of the 3 others closest to the strip because this one is newer, off the strip and on the way drive home.  We called Sunday morning to see if we can get a reservation since we knew there would be a crowd of Sunday brunchers, but unfortunately they only take reservations 24 hours in advance and NOT on weekends or holidays. luckily when we arrived, there was only a 30 minute wait. the Tractor Bar adjacent to the restaurant has Happy Hour all day, everyday with specials on beer, well drinks, and mimosas (not on bloody marys). they also serve the entire Hash House menu, so if you dont  want to wait, you can eat there as well. the only downside is that it's small and it's first come first served seating.What our party ordered:- Sage fried chicken with bacon waffles $13.95- Smoked salmon with asparagus benedict $14.95- Tractor driver combo with snickers pancake $15.95I had the salmon benedict and it was really......REALLY good! I shared my plate with one other person and STILL had half leftover. it comes with chili cream which is a sriracha-based sauce, i asked for it on the side. I also tasted the snickers pancake which was....well, snicker pieces in pancake. the fried chicken and waffles was surprisingly delicious that i had couldnt stop nibbling on it even after i packed up my meal. the food is definitely worth every penny! i also had the house bloody mary in a souvenir glass. it was really good but i couldnt finish it either because I was so full. when i asked the server if he can clean out my glass so i can take it home, he actually offered me a to-go cup for the rest of my bloody mary (only in vegas, right?) LOL the service was good but the food came out REALLY slow. my BF got his chicken and waffles waaaay after the rest of us, but our server was kind enough to bring a biscuit for him to munch on while he waited for his food. the chicken and waffles is definitely a popular dish, almost everyone at the restaurant ordered it.  i definitely like this place, and would choose this over a lot of the buffets in vegas.
5	2 words...HOLY MOLY! The food is delicious and the portions are outrageous. Our daughter lives in Vegas and she knows good food and fine dining. This was so good the first night we went...we went back the second night again.We had the ribeye steak, eggs benedict and chicken and waffles. All of it was deeelish!!Can't wait to go back again. Oh..and the service was excellent!!
5	We were looking for a nice, sit-down place to eat that wasn't a buffet.  We'd heard good things about HHaGG and we weren't disappointed.  We had a great server.  He was pleasant and helpful.  Food came quickly, although we were there early for dinner.  It was the best choice for our last family dinner in Vegas.
1	M Resort location. What is all the hype about? LArge portions?. Please. Usually,large portions = not so great quality on the food.My suspicions were correct.  I agree w/another yelper that the lobster antennae style red thing tehy serve on platters is disturbing as is the hunk of rosemary in almost every dish. I had the `famous` hand hammered pork tenedrloin benedict over a biscuit.The biscuit had an earthy taste like dirt and the tenderloin likely would have been ok on its own except for the poor attempt at benedict on it.My idea of benedict is poached eggs over something.Not an omelette looking thing.Brides french toast a tad too buttery and sweet  for either of us to enjoy.Overall an epic fail,pretty pricey too (although we did have a coupon to try it).
4	This stop to Hash House was on St. Pattys day. They had a few added things to menu for the occasion. And like usual I was not disappointed. The one tip I tell everyone about coming here. SHARE they give you huge portions and if you are both cool with a menu item split it. They had a back up in the kitchen from being very busy. And the waitress was nice enough to bring us some complimentary biscuits while we waited. Since we do not have a these guys in Utah. I will usually go out of my way to eat here. I will be back for sure!
4	Stopped in for lunch as the last stop in Vegas before heading back to the snow and cold.  My colleague and I chose this restaurant because they had an outdoor patio.  The view was great (looked out over pool area) and the weather was perfect.  It took awhile to get service because the owner was in the casino and the wait staff apparently was defocussed.  Once our waitress came, every was great.  The service from that point on was fine.  I ordered the cormeal crusted salmon which was delicious.  The fries were also done really well and had a nice seasoning.  My colleague had a burger, which was massive!  He said it was very good.  It was the burger with the mashed potatoes inside.  Interesting concept.. He liked it.We noticed other peoples portions which were also very generous.  My colleague's burger could have easily been shared by two people.  I guess that's just a signature thing for this restaurant.  The decor inside is nice and the patio is great for outdoor dining.  It was in the shade over the lunch hour.  The prices were very reasonable, especially for a casino.  I would definitely go back!
5	Like everyone else, we order the chicken and waffles!  I'm our waitress said, we can share the one order so we decided to go with the smaller version for a little less.  So when we got our order, they serve them on huge plates!  So it was so funny my husband thought it wasn't going to be enough!  Yea...He couldn't even finish the small portion.  The Chicken just melts in your mouth, and its fried to perfection, the waffles, were so good!  Only thing I had an issue with, they don't season the chicken, it was bland!  But never the less, it was so good!
5	i had heard stories about the portions here so I had to see it for myself.First off I love the M, it reminds me of MGM Detroit back home, not too big, but still very nice.The Hash House is placed at the North-end of the property so many of the window seats have excellent views of Las Vegas and the modern pool area below.  You'd think a fine dining place would be here but it's not and I'm OK with that!The first time I came here I had the chicken and waffles.  They were good but not as amazing as I had heard of, but I still had plenty of leftovers for a meal the next day, so no complaints.My second visit I had the bacon mashed potato burger which weighs in at 1+ lbs AND you get fries (and the dinner rolls before).  I definitely get a craving for this once and awhile and for the price of around $15 you can't beat it!  Seriously most of the burgers around town are $10+ and are way smaller.  The first time I ate this I only got halfway through, second time I finished it!I would like to come here for breakfast since I hear that is their specialty.  I'm sure some items on the menu are better than others, however I can guarantee you that you won't leave hungry!
5	Delicious.. Nice portions. Great view. Lovely server! Will return soon!
4	We already wanted to go to Hash House last time we were here but didn't make it.Now after a long drive to Vegas and not wanting to stop in Baker or Primm for food on the way, I was happy to find this at the M Resort in Henderson saving us about 20 minutes to the strip and oodles of people in front of us waiting for a table at hash House's other locations.We got here at 12 on a saturday and it was full but we got the last nice booth.The hosts were nice (they had samples of blueberry cornbread, good start!)Our server was fabulous, attentive, but not overly so, and knew what he was doing.The man went with the famed chicken and Waffles tower, $16.I had the cornmeal battered salmon sandwhich with a salad.The food came out quickly, beautifully presented, big portions but not too much.Everything tasted fantastic, his waffles filled with real bacon strips, good maple reduction, crispy chicken and fried leeks, truely a great breakfast.My salmon also very very good, cooked perfectly, everything was fresh and prepared just right.$35 for lunch in Vegas is a steal and worth the trip anytime!Thanks Hash House for a great start to our Vegas weekend!
2	Portions are good but service not so good ....
3	A few of us from our company had lunch here today. We had planned on eating at the buffet,  but were informed it was an hour and a half wait,  so we opted for the Hash House.I had the small order of chicken and waffles. This was the first time I've tried this combination of sweet and salty. I've seen chicken and waffles reviewed on different food shows and it looked interesting. Apparently it's a popular item down south.I found it good and I'd order it again. One of my companions had the meatloaf and he said it was awesome!I did notice other patrons food orders were very large. So you apparently get your moneys worth here and the prices seemed good as well. Most items on the menu seemed to be around ten dollars.My one complained was that it was quite a long wait to get our food.Although I wasn't really wowed by this place I did find the food satisfactory and the prices were excellent. The staff was friendly and the place was clean.I'd definitely give this place a try again.
4	I liked the Hash House A Go Go on Sahara, and recently we were staying at the M Resort and thought it would be nice to have it again.  This one is a bit smaller than the one on Sahara but the food was still pretty consistent.  Consistent as in HUGE!  The large portions are part of the charm at HHAGG.I like the food here at HHAGG and the servings, but the flavors can be a bit heavy.  It seems like almost everything I've tried there is pretty rich.  It's good, but sometimes you just want to have something that will give your taste buds some ZING or some ZAP!  Writing this review I am thinking something along the lines of a Thai Beef Salad.  Something bright, colorful, with some punch.This round at HHAGG the food was still good.  I like those biscuits they bring out with honey, nice way to kill the diet guys!  Before I knew it I ate my biscuit PLUS half of my wife's one as well.  The lady ended up getting The Kokomo Sandwich - it came with a thick hunk of meatloat, roasted tomato, and smoked mozzarella on thick Amish milk bread.  Verdict?  Very good!  A fatty sandwich indeed, when you could get your mouth around all the layers it was tasty.  The meatloaf itself was yummy and went well with the tomato and smoked mozzarella cheese.  It was even better when I added a dollop of ketchup to the sandwich.  After all, who eats meatloaf without that top ketchup/tomato sauce layer??I ended up getting one of Andy's Twisted Stuffed Burgers.  This thing is ginormous, no doubt!  It's two patties equaling one pound, and mine was stuffed with fresh mushrooms and Swiss cheese.  God I love me some mushrooms and Swiss cheese on a burger.  So massively stuffed, it comes to the table with a knife it in just to hold it upright!  It was great, just oozing with beefy juiciness in every bite.  Thankfully that burger wasn't dry!  The fresh lettuce, tomato, and onion helped to cut into all that fatness.Needless to say, we definitely had leftovers for the trip back to our room.  Neither of us could finish more than half of our meals.  Of course at HHAGG this is usually the norm.  Heavy platters, heavy doggie bags on the way out.  If helped especially after I lost my @$$ gambling that night.  I thought lots of Asians hang out and play at the M?  Loosen those slots and tables!  All that losing made me hungry, and those leftovers fit the bill nicely!  Thankfully it didn't cost me any more money.
3	Located overseeing the pool so it was a nice viewCame here for breakfast because we were near itI ordered the corn beef hash plate. Kind of disappointed. The cornbeef was bland, the potatoes were bland. The cheese was bland. Only thing that gave it kind of a kick were the diced bell peppers. Had to douse it with tobasco to taste anythingGF ordered the frech toast with bananas. Came with 2 eggs, side of bacon. Pretty tasty fresh toast. Only thing i wondered was why they cut the banana in half but left the peel. Had to scrape the edible part out from the peelIt was an OK eats. Was more let down than anything because I read great things about it.
4	This is a short drive from Sun City Anthem and is a quality breakfast. I particularly enjoy the down sized menu for seniors.
2	My boyfriend told me this place was great, so I decided to try it. Right off the bat, the hostesses are RUDE. So rude it took a lot not to say anything to them. They said it would be a 30 minute wait... mmmm, try an hour and a half. By the time we're seated, I'm already annoyed. Our waiter comes. Guess what, he acts like he wants to be anywhere else but there, getting our orders.I got my food, wasn't impressed. I was expecting a hell of a lot more from such a big name and rave reviews. I'm told the other locations are way better than the M location.
4	Great place to grab something to eat,  not to mention a great hotel.  Great casino to hit after eating aswell.  The food is good quality with a fair price, very food breakfast fare, along with a very nice view at night.  I would come back again.  3.8 stars
5	I have always get the biscuts and gravy!! Everything looks so good but i know this taste so good so i can never get myself to order something different!! There was a 2 hr wait due to the fact it was Mothers day... we kinda expected that tho!
3	We've been here a few times. The food is absolutely delicious. Huge portions and great quality. It never disappoints. The reason I give it 3 stars instead of 5 is because the service is always bad. The servers always make you feel like you're bothering them. We have yet to have a friendly server. The speed of the delivery of the food is always efficient. But the service is never friendly or welcoming. But besides the service, you can't beat their food. It's some of the best in Vegas!
5	Outstanding food, unbelievable drinks (especially the bloody marys), outstanding service, all with a side of gorgeous views of SW Vegas. The wait staff goes above and beyond to make it a great dining experiance, and the food is definitly top notch!
3	The ambience is hip inside the M casino.  The portions too large.  The price reasonable. The taste is of fatty oily saucy too unhealthy for my tastes, but great if you wanna gain weight.  This place is for you to chow down on a giant burger.  Best to order one entree and split it with for people.
4	I love this Hash House!   I actually use this location as a pit stop on our way to Utah from California.  It is located in the M Resort which is easily accessible off the 15.   I absolutely love the fried chicken benedict.  Fried chicken and waffles are a second.  I My fiancee and I always share one portion which as others have noted are disgustingly large.  We never leave hungry.The watermelon lemonade is also tasty. Unlike a few of the other reviewers, we never have bad service here.
5	Having breakfast here on the way out of Vegas...very good food!
4	We always go to the one at the Plaza but, this one is closer. Ambience is very nice. Our waiter was great and friendly. We had the griddled french toast with banana and pecans with bacon and sausage. Large portions. But delicious.. hot chocolate wasn't much to talk about. We will be making a return visit
4	This place had the most amazing food! Their meatloaf was crazy good. I've never been to one before and didn't know what to expect. My hubby told me the food is so huge that it's a good idea to get one meal per two people. We were there with two other people.  The hubs and I got one of the stuffed burgers with bacon, avocado and cheese. We got bacon and cheese mashed potatoes instead of fries. So worth it! I wasn't a huge fan of the burger because I'm just not a huge burger person but he loved it and between the four of us we shared our dishes family style.  Oh and before our food came out we got these huge crazy delicious biscuits! And the jam they have with it?  I wish they sold them in jars because it beats the hell out of smuckers!  My whole meal could have  been that one biscuit and I would've been just fine. Ha.  The other couple we came with got the meatloaf--I highly recommend it. It had so much flavor it was ridiculous. I was sad we didn't order that!  Also ordered the S'more Mocha. It was really sweet and totally yummy! Overall, the food was totally worth it. I see why they charge like 12.95 for a burger and such. The portions. Totally worth it. For the four of us it came to like $60. Now, I would give more stars but... The staff... Totally clueless. I ordered a sprite and some random waiter came by and said; "Uh, I think I was supposed to bring this here... I'm not sure what it is." I was like; "Is it my sprite?"  The dude had no idea. I tasted it and lo and behold it was in fact my sprite! The food came out prompt but it was like the waiters were constantly confused and weren't trained really good or something... They were nice but kind of out of it I guess? Bottom line: We'd totally go back! Totally worth the almost two hour drive! :D
3	Definite plus on the huge pancake. Points for fluffy and thoroughly cooked, but basically the meal I opted for amounted to pancakes, two pieces of bacon, and a generous helping of eggs. The syrup was nice and mild.They have some other interesting options but given how famous they are for their portions, I was wary to order and waste food--but it happened anyway.Do yourself a favor and skip the breakfast buffets and just come here and get stuffed regardless.Friendly service, huge plus.3 stars for the generous portions. If you are a hash fan or if you enjoy fried chicken for breakfast, you might add another star.
5	Worth it if your staying at the M Resort. There was no wait at this location but it wasn't as good as the one on Sahara (one hour wait) but still very satisfied. Portions are huge. We ordered 2 dishes between 3 people and still couldn't finish everything. Felt pretty sleepy afterwards.First timers should try the Sage Chicken and Tractor Trailer combo.Enjoy!
5	OMG! Amazing BLT Bloody Mary and the Sage Chicken Benedict with a pancake on the side was booyah!!
3	There's just something missing. My part ordered the pot pie and friend chicken. When it was delivered, ours eyes leaped at the prospect of how delicious our meal was going to be. The first bite was amazing, but I wonder if it was the way the food was presented. After a few bites, here is where the two popular items stand. Pot Pie .. too much rosemary, and not enough flavor in the pot pie itself. I felt that the sweet potatoes and broccoli really took away from the traditional flavors that the peas and carrots gave. Similar colors, but made it very bland since the sweet potatoes didn't get any of the mixes' flavors, or lack thereof. Fried Chicken .. the skin and chicken were under-seasoned. It probably missed a salty (season salt-esque) flavor that happened to be on the fried leeks. I can let the soft bacon waffle pass if only something on the dish was actually crunchy. The waffle itself was delicious, but because I felt the main item was the lackluster chicken ... the waffles were just wasted in the dish. The service this day was also slow ... We had this really cheery and sweet waitress, then all of a sudden, she disappeared and we were left with some tired people. Overall, I wasn't excited, and the reviews for this place definitely made me feel disappointed. I got the two more popular dishes and I am jumping out of my seat.
3	The food here is good, but not crazy good as some of the reviews would have you believe.  Their claim to fame are their HUGE portion sizes, which require extra large plates to accommodate the sheer volume of food. If your criteria for a good meal  is 'a lot' then this is your kind of place!   The flavor of the food doesn't seem to match the expectation of the combination of ingredients-- in other words, reading the menu descriptions you'd think the selection would blow your mind but inexplicably the execution results in just satisfactory. I selected the salmon scramble which was good even though it was slightly over salted and graded a 'meh'.  My wife ordered the chicken hash and again, good but average. My one son ordered the snickers pancake and it was gigantic and tasty, but it's basically candy... and how can you go wrong with candy?  My other son ordered lunch fare, picking the salmon sandwich which looked crispy & amazing- he said it tasted great.I ordered the oatmeal on my second visit and realized it was equivalent to three regular portion sizes, it was served with lots of fresh fruit and a large, sliced banana.  The cream and brown sugar that accompanied it were mismatched because they were normal size and not nearly enough to cover the geography. If you're trying to eat healthy, this is not the place for you.  Food is presented well but excessively and extravagantly but hell, that's the whole point of coming to Vegas, right? Convenience of eating at your hotel and their nice views are the driving factors of eating here. You should dine here if you're a guest at the M Resort but I wouldn't go out of my way to experience it.
3	Very good! Good services
1	#ServiceFail.  After 20 minutes of sitting and waiting for a server we left. Time was 0830 on July 4th.  No initial water, coffee or service. Couldn't tell if Mario, Rick or Steve were servers.  But I do know they weren't busy as with the three ladies hovering at the hostess station. On the bright side they said "thank you, hope you enjoyed your meal and please come again" as we left without being seen. I can say that the M Buffet was outstanding.
4	This place has BIG food!  The chicken pot pie is literally as big as a pie!  The meatloaf is amazing!  We had the corned beef scramble and it's real shredded corned beef.  Beats the heck out of hash for sure.  My favorite is the meatloaf sandwich on the brunch menu.  It's still huge, but manageable if you're really hungry.  The biscuits aren't that great and usually over-baked.  At this location, service can be spotty, which other reviewers have noted.  Have patience and a bloody Mary (with BACON) and you'll be fine.  Most meals will feed 2-3 people.  If you don't over-order you'll be pleased.  Then the prices seem more reasonable too.  Yummy!  We take out of town guests there all the time.
3	Overrated unless you like lots  if food.  Seems to be more of a novelty to eat there.  I wouldn't go back.  The "M" buffet is a much better value for lunch.
5	can't help but be honest,i love this spot at the m resort,never be disappionted
4	Come hungry. We were amazed at the quality, portion size and price.  We will be back again.
3	8/6: I went to the one located in the M Resort and Casino. The food is alright. Good but nothing special. I wouldn't have guessed it made an appearance on TV. A bit pricey for what it is, although they do serve you huge portions, so save the leftovers and it's like 2 meals. Pretty heavy food. The presentation was awesome. Beautiful environment with a nice view. I've had the Tractor Driver Combo (2 egg whites, 2 sausages, and waffles..$14.95) and Andy's Sage Fried Chicken ($15.95). For breakfast/brunch I'd much rather go to Cracked Egg, Egg Works, or The Griddle. You'll most likely spend less for around the same portions, plus I think they taste better. I might revisit if a friend wants to try it out.
2	I have never been to a Hash House, but I know there are a few here in Vegas. We ended up at this one for a friends birthday dinner, only three of us. The food was amazing. Two of us shared a plate and the other a burger. Everything was delicious food wise. The one thing that irks me the most about a dining establishment is service. I understand that the M is a busy place these days and Hash House is a popular place, but service is important to me. Just because you have good food doesn't really mean a whole lot without a good service experience. The service there was awful the night I went. Somehow, the bartender who is suppose to be making drinks for all the tables and the bar was our waiter. He was funny, but he was barely there. The waiters that were all around us were on top of their tables it seemed like, but not one stopped to come get our drinks after 10 minutes of sitting there. Not until he came. Which he ended up making this awful watermelon something that he swore by. It looked nice, but tasted awful. That is just me though. It took us forever to put our drink orders in and our food orders in. It also took forever to get the check, pay, and get it back. In the meantime no one picked up our plates or even acknowledged our table the whole time. It was just him and he was never there. He was super nice and funny, just like I said, inattentive. I probably will never go back to this location, but try the other ones if I really desire their food again. The chicken and waffles on Tuesdays sound super good.
4	Sage chicken and waffles and Andy's chicken benedict are always the best!! Got the watermelon kiwi lemonade this time--it was a little sweeter than I typically like, but the flavor was terrific!
5	Been here many times and really have no complaints about it.  Food always tastes fresh, the view is perfect.  The only downside potentially could be that the portions are almost TOO big.  While most of the time that's not a bad thing, I always feel ready for a nap after.  PS, the Chicken pot pie is amazing, while it's not what you'd expect traditionally, it definitely is worth a try.
5	Absolutely unbelievable. The food is enormous. Bring your appetite. You will not find a better value. Amber was fantastic. Can't wait to come back.
2	OK.  I am a BIG HHAGG fan.  Big fan.  I have been to the one in San Diego several times and the one at the Plaza in Vegas several times.  Today, we figured we'd hit this one at the M on the way out of town. After this visit, we wished that we hadn't stopped as I may have lost my love.As I have read in several other HHAGG reviews on Yelp, it has just lost "something".First off, the restaurant was empty, no lines, no packed crowds, no customers as I am normally used to, at most restaurants, this should scare you away.  I just figured it was Tuesday morning and I got lucky.I ordered the Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, to which I love and my wife ordered the bacon, avocado, swiss scramble.The food arrived in record time, literally minutes.  (hmmm, with food like this, how could that be?).  Parts of mine (not all) was cold.  The fried chicken was so dried out that I could not eat it.  My wife's scramble was cold, the cheese was not even melted, just grated on the top.  The biscuits that this place is notorious for were pale, half-risen and nasty.  We did not even finish our food.  I should have complained but did not want to deal with the drama.If I were not a HHAGG fan and this were my first time, this review would have been a 1 star.Owners of HHAGG, I know you have several new locations now, which is great, I love success stories but PLEASW do not sell out and sacrifice quality for what I had today.  Make sure each location does it right.  I have recommended your restaurants to so many people, after today's visit, I would be embarrassed to recommend any more.Sorry guys, I call it as it is.
4	Went there for late breakfast, it is a cute traditional American restaurant specialize in Indiana food. I am usually not a big fan of traditional American food, but I don't mind trying some Indiana food here for a change. There were no other better places open for lunch at M resort, except buffet, deli and bakery. Ordered Blood Mary to start, it was a big yummy drink, spicy, salty with olives and marinated veggies, perfect for hangover! Server asked what kind of vodka I would like, Grey Goose of course. This restaurant is called Hash House, figured the hash dishes are supposed to be good here. Very nice breakfast and lunch menu! Hash, scramble, Benedict, waffle, breakfast combo, salad, sandwich, burger, Indiana favorites such as chicken pot pie, fried chicken and bacom waffle, meat loaf....They all look delicious, too bad they don't have too many choices for vegetarian and pescetarian.I ordered house smoked salmon hash, with biscuit, fruits and eggs over easy: yummy! Loved the smoked salmon with cheese, the eggs were perfect. Hubby had open face chicken pot pie, it was interesting to see a pot pie open, very creamy and delicious! The portions were huge! We couldn't even finish our food! A great comfort late breakfast, delicious food, good service. The tab was only $45, great value for big portioned dishes! This is a very good choice for the last brunch or lunch meal in Vegas before heading home!
4	Beautiful location, overlooking the pool at the M resort.  The food is pretty darn good too, we had a burger and Reuben (I forget what its called), very large and very tasty.  We got there at the right time in between lunch and dinner so we had no wait and the service was efficient.  The one minus was the 'ranch' dressing, it was basically watered down cucumber sauce.  Definitely return to this location over the other ones.  Prices are on the high side but the portions are huge so sharing is a good idea.  Next time I will need to go at breakfast time and get one of the coffee drinks those look fantastic!
3	I came here with a few friends on the way home from vegas and found the experience to be just 'ok'when I looked at the picture on yelp I was really impressed with how everything looked and when I ordered my french toast, I really was blown away by the presentation, but, when I actually bit into it, reality sank in and I found the experience to be just 'ok' (If you've ever been to extraordinary desserts in san diego then you know what I am talking about)I tried my friends chicken, waffles and biscuits. all were pretty dry and the biscuit was hard (ew). nothing really blew us away other then the presentation. So yeah, would I recommend this place, i don't know. I feel you can find better places to eat breakfast in the vegas area. Location wise its fine. its located in the M hotel/casino. the place is really clean. parking was easy and everything was fine. if you go there, just keep your expectations in mind when sampling the food.
5	Went for brunch. Delicious mimosas in interesting flavors. Huge portions, we brought lots of leftovers home. I had the bacon waffles, something different and delicious! Great service and a nice view of the pool.
4	I was originally planning on grubbing at the M Resort buffet, but then we saw how long the line was, and this was on a Monday morning. Seeing as I wanted to hit the road back to LA asap, my sister and I visited Hash House instead. This place does everything big. And I mean BIG. Case in point: the big ginormous flapjacks. I got a couple of "good luck" comments from neighboring patrons when they saw my flapjack and my other eggs, ham and potatoes dish. Food was delicious, and staff was friendly. This was a nice way to finish our Vegas trip.
2	Food portions were huge, food was just meh.
3	We came for breakfast.  We knew the portions are huge so the 3 of us shared 2 breakfast entrees.   We had a coupon for $10 off breakfast or lunch.   They were located in the M Hotel Spa Casino in Henderson, NV.   We ordered the Fried Chicken and Waffles and the Farm Scramble.  The Fried Chicken and Waffles had 2 large fried chicken breasts and 4 waffles stacked on top of each other.  There were pieces of bacon in the waffles.The Farm Scramble came with crispy potatoes and a biscuit.  The potatoes had a little too much rosemary.  The biscuit was a little dry.When the entrees come out, they are impressive in size.  But the taste is average.We may be back with another coupon.
4	I've never been sure of what to make of the Hash House restaurants. The food portions are huge and the presentation is great, but I rarely leaved satisfied.My cousins and I checked out the M Resort location after the Russell Peters show last week. I'm always down to go to the M, the property is beautiful resort but its always seems like a ghost town and tonight was no exception. We were probably the only people there as the restaurant was completely dead. If you haven't been to a HH before; know that the portions are huge, share if you can. I had the stuffed mashed potato burger which was pretty good, anything with the sage fried chicken can't fail. Their signature dish is probably the chicken & waffles which what most of my fellow yelpers rave about. Thick crusted chicken breasts and bacon infused waffles... can't complain. Every dish could probably feed 2 - 3 people, and a lot of their entrees are hit and miss. Chicken and Broccoli hash? Yuck.   Meatloaf... skip it. They like to toss these deep fried angle hair pasta sticks on every plate as garnishes, don't eat em.This Hash House took over for the former M Cafe and thus has a very sleek and modern look to it. You can tell that this location used to be something else as the decor, and style of the Hash House doesn't really match their other locations. For fun there is a giant old school farm tractor right when you walk in. The restaurant, like everything else at the M overlooks Las Vegas and has a phenomenal view.If you find yourself at the M, Hash House is worth checking out.
4	We went to he restaurant at The M Resort! This place is soooo good! The pancake wasn't as big as I imagined it to be.  I think i've been to others where the pancake is HUGE!  The lemonade was a bit too different for me....tasted like how trees smell lol but the food was really good considering for breakfast! I would definitely go back again on the way back home from Vegas :)
4	Large portions, great service, mimosa are tasty... be prepared for food coma!
4	We have eaten here a couple of times the portions are huge the food is good. The view is awesome the servers are nice. Over all pretty cool.
5	Hash House has amazing food, exceptional service, and reasonable prices. The portion sizes are huge which makes them good for sharing and the restaurant is very spacious with tons of natural lighting. We were able to get a table with the view of the resort pool and it was pretty cool. There is almost always a wait and they do not have wifi so you will need to keep yourself entertained. I'm currently planning a turnaround trip to Vegas and it is a must that I stop by Hash House!! YUM YUM!!
5	Highly recommend!
5	I have searched high and low for the best banana pancakes. My search has ended here at the Hash House. And to make things even awesomer the pancake is ginormous! I sampled some other food off the plates of friends I was with. Nothing disappointed. Huge portions decent prices great flavors. I HEART HASH HOUSE!!!
2	Quick review: Heaping proportions of bland food. Service is hit and miss. Location and room are really nice and have a great vibe. Biscuits and juice are the best items. In depth review: pretty much sums it up above. I have eaten here three times as the people I am with always want to try it. All three times the food and the service were below average and sub-par. On my last visit the restaurant was not busy and we were promptly sat. Waited over 15 minutes and nobody came to the table to take our drink order or food order. Had to get up and find the server. That same visit I ordered the giant pancake and had to send it back. It was like eating construction paper, was tasteless and gross. Server even commented that it's not one of the better items they serve. Umkay. Not sure what the hype is about this place? Honestly, it's bland and forgettable. They wow you with heaping large proportions and that is about it. They have some redeeming value with those tasty biscuits though. The juice is also pretty good! We have given up on it. Three strikes and your out. Too many good places near by. Like Public Enemy said: "Don't Believe The Hype!"
4	Awesome Bloody Mary. Portions are large and tasty
4	Second time in 2 trips for breakfast. Yum! Fun dining! The first time I had the BLT Bloody Mary. Cute concept, but expensive for a bloody mary. Nonetheless, twas worth trying. Last time tried the Sage Chicken Benedict (Adam Richmond's fav -- or so the menu says). This time I had the Sage fried Chicken and Waffles (big enough for 3-4 people). One of my friends had the banana pancake (thick and the size of a 12 inch pizza). I like the spicy cajun/mayo sauce that comes with the benedict. The portions are humungus!  We have a house there so we can take our leftovers home for breakfast the next day. Otherwise, go with a group, order 'family style' and share. There are very few people who can manage to 'eat the whole thing' -- whatever it is they order. All in all, good value for the money....especially for those who revel in huge portions!
1	Though I heard nothing but great recommendations, our experience was B A D.  Got there in the middle of shift change - I think a different server started & finished but no mention either way. Ordered Corned Beef Hash & a BLT Bloody Mary. Waitress was highly irritated we were ordering breakfast & told me I could only get my eggs scrambled since it was after 11. (?!???) eggs were grossly undercooked. Corned beef was delicious! Big pieces - a little salty, but I'm Irish & the meat was great. "Bloody Mary" was horrid. Vodka, Tomato Juice, Horseradish. A stick of wilted celery & a piece of Bacon ( which was delicious - albeit cold!) zero flavour. Asked for Worchestershire, celery salt, A-1, Lime juice, cholula or Tabasco, and olive or pickle juice - got a solid "we can't do that" for all but Tabasco & A1. No apology for undercooked scrambled eggs, very long wait ( due, I think to shift change), or lack of service after new server took over. Worst of all - we both got horribly sick within 3 hours. Fever, chills, vomiting & unmentionable other reactions. Lasted 2 days!!! I know that can happen - but the lack of concern / service fromThe moment we were sat is hard to accept.
5	This was quite a surprise for me~ diverse menu and be prepared the portions are EXTREMELY large!!!! Share if you can~      My husband had the Man vs Food selection.... Ate half brought the rest home. I ordered Pan Seared Chicken with polenta, mashed potatos & veggies~ surprisingly very very good!!! Also ate half brought rest home, the mushroom gravy was on all of mine deelish!     All the food is a carb overload, but Hey! You gotta live it up once in awhile.      Nice cocktails too and surprise they're HUGE TOO!
3	Stayed at the M Resort and this place was a recommendation for breakfast. I like to try foods that have a lot of hype because...well, there has to be a reason for the hype. No? It was my mom, my aunt and myself and we had a birthday party to go to around 2pm (its was around 11am when we were seated) so we decided to share the entrees because they looked HUGE. We ordered the sage fried chicken with waffles and the smoked salmon hash. For those who don't want to read past this: It was just OK. Nothing spectacular. Would I come back? Maybe. For those of you still with me, here's why. The chicken was good, but it was wasn't crispy enough for my liking. The chicken was juicy, but it was tasteless. Roscoes Chicken and Waffles has them beat! The waffle was yummy,it had bacon inside of it. I'm not the biggest bacon fan, but I can say that these waffles were very good. Especially dipped in syrup -- which wasn't too sweet. The portion of this plate however was UNNECESSARILY HUGE. Two pieces of chicken and 4 huge waffles piled high with what looked like hay? The smoked salmon hash was good. I like how it came with cream cheese chunks and green onions on top. The potatoes were OK, eggs were overdone. The best part about this plate was the biscuit and the amazing strawberry jam. That had to be my favorite part of the whole meal. So, in conclusion. Try it out. But, heaping amounts of "meh" food that leaves you so full that you can't eat all day is just not worth it. (At least it's reasonably priced.)
5	This is definitely the best Hash House in Vegas. The environment is lovely since it's at the M Hotel. It's busy on weekend nights, especially when the line for the Studio B Buffet is crazy long; people tend to come here for a second option. But if you come during the week or even for breakfast & lunch, it'll be pretty nice and quiet!1) Service: Obviously, the service is amazing. The servers are so patient and attentive, and they actually have suggestions when you ask them about their favorites! It's great!2) Food: The portions are HUGE. It's definitely a bang for your buck. My boyfriend and I are both big eaters, and we were STUFFED when we finished the entree. We even debated on taking it home for leftovers. Also, it tastes great. What more could you ask for?Stop by at the M for Hash House. You won't regret it :)
5	HH is phenomenal! Chicken & waffles were amazing! Giant portions so if you are a light eater I recommend sharing. Very very satisfied. We will defiantly be back
3	Came here on a Saturday night at about 10:20pm with 2 of my cousins. Place was dead, and we got our check by 11pm and it was under $50.I ended up ordering Andy's Crispy Sage Fried Chicken Salad. Yeah it's a $15 salad but it will definitely fill you up! It was simple but full of tons of flavors. The Blue cheese had just the right amount of flavor and the chicken was lightly fired and tender on the inside. Don't forget the hint of sage! The pecans were caramelized and sweet and definitely complimented the green apples. (I hope this is making you hungry, my mouth was salivating as I wrote this!) The biscuit was warm for a while and crispy, it wasn't bad I just wasn't a fan. The only drawbacks I could say were the small service failures. We ordered a burger without tomatoes and got them anyways, and also ordered waters with lemon but didn't get those either. You'd think the bartender would be able to cut a few slices; after all he did take our orders! It didn't particularly bother me; it's just a pet peeve...Overall it wasn't a bad experience. This place deserves 4/5 but the small service failures knocked it down to a 3 for me. However I would definitely return if I was visiting the M Resort again.Food portions were definitely 5/5, food quality was 4/5, service was 2/5 and the ambience was 3/5. The only thing I could have done without would have been the WWF playing on our TV screen; it just didn't fit in with the ambience of the restaurant.Tips: Portions are huge, you won't leave hungry and you'll definitely get what you pay for! HH is definitely a great quite place to get a nice late night meal. Also if you like outdoor dining they have a beautiful modern terrace for outside dining!
5	Update to 5 stars!!! LOVE this place and EVERY Vegas trip includes a stop here!!! Hubby and I am absolutely love their huge flapjacks! In order of favorite to least - Brown Sugar Banana, Mango Coconut, Blueberry Pecan, Snickers though all 4 flavors are delicious! We still need to try Apple Cinnamon and Blackberry Granola. Also my mom and aunts LOVE Corn Beef Hash! One time drove here from LA just to eat then back to LA :)
1	I love to cook, so when I treat myself to a meal out somewhere, I want it to be good.  Gave this place a try because of all the great reviews.  Went for Sunday brunch.  Our server was friendly, but he took 7 minutes to greet us.  I ordered a tea with honey, which he brought the tea but not the honey.  I got that more than 10 minutes later, when my tea was already quite cool.  I ordered the scramble with basil, goat cheese and sundried tomatoes and my daughter had the pot pie breakfast.  My "crispy" potatoes were not crispy but soggy and old, and my eggs were a dark yellow, indicating to me that the food sat there a while before it was brought to me.  It was not hot.  The ingredients were tossed on top of the eggs, instead of being incorporated.  It was bland and boring and I could do better myself. My daughter's pot pie was actually this obnoxious cowboy hat looking thing that is way too big for any human to eat with the sausage gravy and mashed potatoes poured on top.  It too was bland.  She didn't eat much of it and we didn't take any home. She said she wished it would've been an actual pie filled with the ingredients, like the description says.  Sometime during the total 45 seconds that our server interacted with us, I let him know I was disappointed with the meal.  He asked me what I had, I told him and he cleared my plate away.  I asked him for the check as he was leaving, but that took another 10 minutes and a second request to get.  I'm not a snob, and I'm not exaggerating.  We were sat at 10:15 am and didn't get our check until noon.  I am a slow eater, but not that slow, and I really didn't eat much.  That was how long the service took.  I still tipped him well, even though it was horrible service and bad food.  I will not be returning.
3	Came here with my family the day before Thanksgiving. We were warned that they were short staffed but nothing much we could do.This place is located inside the M Resort and Casino. Being that it is inside the casino, parking is everywhere. The view while sitting in the restaurant has a very peaceful mountain view. Ask to sit near the windows.We were seated by a very polite hostess that was extremely busy! She took our drink order and bussed our table too. Our server came and took our food order but the food took awhile to get to us.We ordered the bacon/avocado burger, chicken and waffles, fried salmon burger and an omelet. All of which we would rank as just ok tasting. My burger was overdone but they were so backed up and busy, we didn't see our server for awhile so I just ate it. I definitely would not order a burger here again.One thing I loved was that the PORTIONS are HUGE!I may try a different location or maybe another day at this location when they are staffed correctly.
3	We'd been here to this location in the M Resort & Casino once before.  I remembered the Waffles & Chicken were delish then!  We arrived after 10 pm and they had just closed the main dining room so we sat down in the bar area.  It was fine since there was no other customers there and they were serving the full menu.  We weren't that hungry but wanted to kill some time while we waited for the Going back to LA traffic on the 15 to calm down.  My hubby ordered the Pancake breakfast and I ordered the Kokomo (Meatloaf sandwich).  We were a little confused with the description for the Pancake breakfast.  It says choice of ham, bacon, sausage, or hash browns.  Normally you would expect a choice of meat and you would get the hash browns automatically.  But no, throw your normal expectations out the door!  Because we didn't expect the humongous stack of pancakes - they were the size of the large plate!  My husband just shook his head and laughed!  My meatloaf sandwich was huge also!  The salad that came with it was a normal side salad but it was quite wilted.  That was disappointing.  But all in all it was a good meal.  I should have looked more closely at the photos on Yelp before we ordered so we could have set our expectation s larger!
5	Went with new friends on our first eat out *date*Oh My Gosh. The menu? Where to begin? I want to try one of everything. I had the fried green tomatoes And chicken salad. Exotic blend of down home cookingMixed with really good ideas, presentationBeautiful,  drinks? Incredible. Watermelon spritzerWas awesome. Portions ARE Huge. These are shareable Plan to take home. I've seldomSaid I'd like to eat my way thru a menu? But here it goes: I'd Like to eat my way thru the entire menu.
5	Crazy...!!!! It was great being Las Vegas. The first thing I thought about was getting chicken and waffles at Hash House a Go Go. I took 5 ladies from different parts of the U.S. with me to dine. They ALL love it!  I look forward to next visit to LV and Hash House.
5	Oh my god (and I do not like this expression) - what a great find and inside our hotel we booked for our Las Vegas Thanksgiving vacation. Before I write the details, I will let you all know, that after our first visit here (and this was directly after our arrival) we came in for breakfast or brunch or lunch or dinner twice a day every day!During our 13 visits in 7 days we tried almost everything what is on the menu. The portions are huge, the taste for twisted farm food (how they call it) is outstanding and the presentation of the meals are absolutely upscale. Not even one dish disapponted us and we had different appetizers, sandwiches, burgers, entrees and desserts. Every meal for this kind of restaurant gets a 5 star rating. During our 13 visits we got different servers, sometimes the same one. All were very attentive, but one guy was more than outstanding. Thank you Steven from Nevada (waiters are having their origin on their name plate) for the best waiter service we ever had.The drinks are also outstanding, the cocktail list huge, the beer list is huge and they have some featured signature drinks, like my personal favorite here the BLT Bloody Mary with real fried bacon inside.I was really sad when we left and our vacation ended, because Hash Hous a Go Go has only a few other locations in the US. The next from our home is 300mls away. Maybe I should be happy, it is only 300mls.
4	Sorry to inform everyone this location is closed. Went there looking for my favorite place to eat in Vegas, only to be floored by the empty room  with a sign stating a different restraunt will be opening soon. Good news is there are still other locations in Vegas that feature the HH, the Quad, the Plaza, and the original on Sahara.
5	Best service ever! If youre ever in vegas and want to go eat good breakfast with large portions and get treated like a regular, definitely go here and ask for Gary. We ordered the chicken and waffles, chorizo hash, and brown sugar banana flapjack between my boyfriend and I. I know its a lot of food but it was everything was so good. For drinks definitely get the tangerine juice and the house mimosa. sooo good. When the chicken and waffles came out, we were so stunned at how big and delicious it was that we didnt realize that the chorizo has took a while to come out. But to our surprise, the manager delivered our food, apologized for the long wait, and insisted that it was on the house. What?! That is so nice. That chorizo hash was really good. Maybe it was also the hospitality that made it so delicious. Lastly, the pancakes was very interesting (in a good way and not in a way where you want to be respectful or nice. If it taste nasty I would just say it) The sugar created a crispy crust that balanced the mushy banana pieces in the pancake. Interesting.
3	Kitschy brunchy, dinery, oversized meals.  Prepared well.  Good, but not great.  Fun atmosphere.I'd come again without too many complaints.  They seem to be one of the few brunch places in Henderson, which sways me, coming again, but whatever...
4	I had the portobello sandwich no cheese, no pesto and it was very good. So it's doable if you're a vegetarian/vegan. Also had the tangerine juice, and it is my favorite! Freshly squeezed, sweet and delicious.
