5	Ok...so if you are like me i take my nails seriously (why get them done if they look crappy, right?) They are super nice here and they really go the xtra mile to make you happy and do their best tp give you what you ask for. They do not overprice either. i am totally happy i gave this place a shot and is my new go to for my nail art :) My only complaint is they dont have a lot of nail polish options that i am used to at other places but with that being my only issue i can totally deal with it and always bring my own if i want something specific.
5	just a little update...i said before they do not have a super dooper extensive wall of colors like some places have BUT they do have pretty much any color you could want and when it goes to doing any nail art they really have every color in a crayon box that you could think of to deck out your nails. *Everyone needs a little color in their life*
5	Go here when in town  to visit w/ in-laws.  Great place!  Treat you well and do an awesome job.  Fair pricing.
5	Ok...so if you are like me i take my nails seriously (why get them done if they look crappy, right?) They are super nice here and they really go the xtra mile to make you happy and do their best tp give you what you ask for. They do not overprice either. i am totally happy i gave this place a shot and is my new go to for my nail art :) My only complaint is they dont have a lot of nail polish options that i am used to at other places but with that being my only issue i can totally deal with it and always bring my own if i want something specific. UPDATE:: just a little update...i said before they do not have a super dooper extensive wall of colors like some places have BUT they do have pretty much any color you could want and when it goes to doing any nail art they really have every color in a crayon box that you could think of to deck out your nails. *Everyone needs a little color in their life*
5	I recently had a BAD experience at the nail place off Dobson and Warner and had to find another place.  I'd seen this pace before an decided to check it out.  I'm so glad I did.  I was acknowledged when I came in with a greeting and a smile even though everyone was busy with a customer.  The lady that did my nails, Linda, was excellent.  I had gels and they looked great!  I didn't have nail polish mistakes all over my fingers, the nails were clean underneath and not gunked up with material, and she really listened to how I wanted the length of my nails and the thickness.  Oh, I guess I should have mentioned that although Linda and the other people that work there are Vietnamese, they also SPEAK English so you can carry on a conversation with them.  Everyone there is very friendly.  It's a family owned business with great customer service, very reasonable prices, and they accept walk-ins.  I also highly recommend their pedicures; again, well priced, feels amazing, definitely worth it!  I've also taken my young daughter there a couple of times and they treat her like a princess.  They definitely have a loyal customer with me now.
1	I came here a few months ago and experienced amazing service and a great pedi. I have a wedding this weekend and decided to stop by for a quick pedicure. Today was my last trip to Lili. When I got there, everyone stared at me. There were no clients but 3 employees. Whatever- I can look past that. For $18, I'm not expecting the red carpet. I told them I needed to be quick and they were cool with that. I got in the chair and she started the pedi. The nail service was great......here's where it got cray. They have a flat screen that you can watch from your pedicure chair. Last time I was there they played music and then short clips about celebrity nail salons- I really enjoyed it. This time, one of the employees was playing YouTube videos (ON THE FLAT SCREEN RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME) of how to do prosthetic halloween make up: a nail through a finger, flesh eating virus, etc. As you can imagine, these images were disturbing. I could feel my stomach turning so I just kept my head down....but I could still hear it all. I think they noticed towards the end that I was uncomfortable so they turned the sound off...but HELLO! I was so upset i was trembling by the end. It was all in plain view! I get that I shouldn't  expect the most luxurious pedicure, but this was a little much. I tipped my tech but I let the YouTube gentleman know when I checked out that I would not be coming back and that it was the most uncomfortable pedicure of my life. His response? "I'm sorry...?" Do not step foot in this "business."
5	Excellent service and quality every time! I drove here from Gilbert. I went to another salon once which was closer to my home and I was very disappointed. Lesson learned. Everyone is friendly and helpful.
5	Looked on yelp for nearby nail salon with decent rating. I saw this one and thought I would give it a try. I walked in without an appointment and was greeted right away. Not ever having a mani/pedi I was not familiar with gels, acrylic etc. Li, who did my nails was very patient with me an answered all my questions.  She is a joy. I had the full treatment.  Foot and hot stone leg massage, hand massage and more. Eyebrows and upper lip wax. Gel polish and design on nails and toes. It was so relaxing. I already made my next appointment. Great place.
1	Absolutely horrible experience. "Jade" was giving me a fill when she drilled right through my finger and drew blood. She said "at least you aren't a heavy bleeder, I hate it when people tell me they are on blood thinners"! So apparently drawing blood is a regular occurrence for her. I've been getting my nails done for 25 years and have never had anyone draw blood until now! My nails also look awful, worst fill I've ever had. There were big bumps on 2 of my nails I had to file off right in the parking lot. Also, they originally gave me one price and then jacked it up at the checkout. Please avoid.
