2	The Texas Station around the world buffetWhere to start with this place. I guess it's still a cheap buffet under $10, you do get a free game of bowling.But it's a shitty casino in an even worse neighborhood.The buffet is the highlight of the place and that's not a good thing.They buffet service is always quick & friendly.They still serve your drinks which is nice.Now for the food. Blah-yuck. They have a nice variety from chili,mexican,made to order fajitas, soup & salad, Italian & pizza, Southern with Ribs & Chicken, Asian, Home Cooking with meatloaf,fish,chicken and veggies, then their seafood and deep south with crawfish, and the like.Nothing is very good it's like they can't use any seasoning or spices because they are worried about offending or tuening off one person. So it's just bland.I leave this place everytime saying never again but for some reason, usually a comp, I end up eating here and regretting it from the first trip to the buffet. I usually come back with  half a plate wondering why am I even wasting my time.
3	For the price the Feast Buffet at Texas Station is pretty good. It's firmly toward the higher mid range of the Station Casino buffets.As you might expect there's a lot of very heavy southern fare on offer here, things like catfish, friend chicken, beans and various chilies abound.  The Asian section is small and occasionally good and there is a large Mexican section which an excellent, made to order fajita station.Vegetariand might feel a bit forgotten here - My wife usually makes do because most of the time we eat here we have a coupon and it's lunch so our meal costs around $5 - so you can't really complain - however if you draw a bad day you're vegetarian options can be limited to things like mashed potatoes, mac and cheese etc.The Dessert station is a bit weak.Overall a good deal, particularly for lunch and if you don't mind a rather heavy meal.A final note - the location is a bit dicey, directly across the road road from one of the most ghetto Walmarts (outside which dubious characters, inexplicably, seem to like to hang out at night). You are fine in the garage at Texas Station though.
3	Feast Buffet at Texas, has its ups and downs, which made me give them a 3 star rating. Its downside, the location, seems a bit out of place, hidden behind a bunch of slot machines and next to a Starbucks. Took me a while to figure out, where is the entrance and how to get to it. Where they sat me, was a bit unclean. They had me sit at a table, where they still had like stale food particles in the chair, like they wiped the table, but wiped the table where the crumbs can land on the chair, and not clean the chair. With the fact of it being lunch, I can understand the waiter can be jammed up with tables. But if you see your waiter just leaning against the wall, talking to other wait staff, while I'm sitting there to get a refill after 10-15 minutes, that doesn't really help the review or the business. Upside, the place did look nice for where it is located. It was roomy and enough room to move. I like the fact that they had a variety of food to choose from, yea, I know its a buffet, but how often do you see a place that does American food, Italian food, Asian food and a salad or taco bar. I also like their selections of desert, even though I still went for the ice cream in a cone.  They had wide variety of desert out there.  So, if they could have the food with a better wait staff and cleanliness, then the place would be reasonable for where it is. Otherwise, its an OK place for a buffet.
4	Back in 2001 I lived up the road a piece. It's not the nicest area but Lord, It's not the worst. (bunch of sissies). Had to go back to see some old friends and stayed at the Fiesta. We don't spend more than 6 hours in our room, so the price was right. I love the buffet here at the Texas. Being a former resident, I have tried the Rio, Bellagio yada yada.  It's almost the exact same thing but it's definitely $15-$20 cheaper here. I had the breakfast Buffet and I was totally satisfied.  Now when the lunch crowd came in, that's where it almost ruined it for me. Tourist's do not control their kids! So many brats running around, their mom's with full to overflowing plates in each fat fist - and not one kid was told to settle down or behave. I would've applauded any mother to actually slap a kid!  My husband nearly got knocked over near the pizza/ italian section - ( And he is 6'4!!). There was one kid who was taking bites out of cookies and putting them back on the tray at the desert station (gross) . I was embarrassed as I know for a fact, most of those tourists come from right here in So Cal.Just because you are on vacation - please don't subject perfect strangers to your bad ass, juvenile delinquent kids.I used to work at a large casino on the Strip, and have come to the realization that, most tourists are gouged when staying at a big resort when they would be better off saving some of that hotel money for something else. Maybe a show or a nice dinner. How many of you actually spend more than 4 to 5 hours at a time in the room anyway? See the sights...like Red Rock Canyon or Hoover Dam, there is more to Las Vegas than the Strip.
3	I don't really care for this buffet.  There isn't really anything special about it.  The service is slow and the food is cold and never looks fresh.  It does seem to be one of the cleaner "local" buffets.  I can't complain about the price either, definitely worth getting the player's card.  Everytime you use your card, they give you a little survey and you get money off your next visit.
3	Staff are nice. I don't like much of the selection but my husband swears on the fried rice.
1	I remember when this used to be one of the best buffets in town. Tonight the buffet bar was empty, food was of poor quality, salad bar was a joke, and the dessert bar only had about for choices on it that repeated on both sides. Our server was actually nice and kept our glasses full. We told him how disappointed we were and he apologized and went to tell the manager. The manager never came to talk to us.  We will not be eating here again. We are locals and will take our hunger elsewhere.
2	Disappointing!  My hubby and I went here a couple weeks back on a Sunday evening around 7 pm.  That night was quite good, not real crowded and quiet.  Fast forward to this past Sunday, 12/16/12.  Oh my gosh!  What a difference 1 hour and 2 weeks make!  We arrived around 5:45 p.m.  The place was crowded with a bunch of families.  The kids (pre teens, teens) were running around and I even overheard one say as he walked past "they f***ed up my cornbread!"  Really?  I waited at the carving station and asked for one slice of top round and one slice of turkey.  Mind you I had an empty plate at this point.  My turkey slice was more like half a slice and if I could shave my legs as close as the cook shaved my slice of turkey, I would be a happy camper!  It was so thin I could practically see through it!  After perusing all the food stations I ended up with salad, one piece of top round, one half-slice of turkey and mashed potatoes.  That's it.  My poor hubby ended up with salad.  We both had to steer clear of the ranch since it was a nice off beige color.  A lot of the food stations were either empty, contained obvious old food, missing name plates so we had no idea what the item was or dirty.  There was a broken coffee mug on the floor near the Mexican station that the kids were kicking out of the way.  We ended up leaving about 6:10 or so and headed to McDonald's so hubby could grab some food.  Between the type of clientele there that night, the lack of food and the condition of the food that WAS there I don't think we will be back.  We will stick with the Santa Fe buffet.
2	You know the saying, "You get what you paid for"? Well, that's just it. Not the best quality. Their meats were dry, vegetables and other platters were over cooked and some looked like they were sitting out for a while.
5	You can't really beat a breakfast buffet for $5. I didn't eat lunch or dinner, so I can't comment. But the selections seemed good. They have Mexican, Asian, Pizza, etc.For the breakfast, at $5, that's a bargain. And with all the choices, it was amazing. They have waffles, pancakes, and french toast and all the fixings (didn't see a sugar free option though). They have churros (and a pretty large selection of mexican options). Sausage, sauteed veggies and sausage, bacon, ham, chicken fried steak, biscuits and gravy, spanish rice, beans, tortillas, hush puppies, chicken veggie soup, Chorizo and eggs, scarmbled eggs. They have fruit. One negative is their pastry selection is all donuts. But for $5, I can honestly overlook that as I was never a huge pastry person.The biggest plus is they have made to order omelets, which is a winner in my book. A bargain for $5, in my opinion.
4	The rating is for the food and service, not ambiance, at the Texas Station Gambling Hall & Hotel's Feast Buffet. I prefer to give this place three stars (wasn't a hateful experience), but the wife really enjoyed her selections and told me it was worthy of four stars. Of course she wins that battle (I choose my battles wisely)!Typical buffet fare, nothing real special to me. The pork ribs were tender, falling off the bone easily, and the sauce was above average; but could you bring them out of the back instead of pulling them out of a hot cart right in front of us and literally dumping sauce from a giant bottle all over them?I am not going to write a long review on this place, because like I noted in the paragraph above - a standard / typical buffet. This place is off the beaten track, if you are one to stay on the Strip or Downtown during your stay in Vegas, and caters primarily to the "locals". Having that in mind some of the "locals" that frequent the "local buffets" are "interesting" to say the least... so you may need a strong stomach for that aspect! LMAO. Was kind of sad, but funny at the same time (and somewhat nauseous), to see a 400+ pound woman take five tries to pivot upwards and out of her seat (not because she was stuck in it mind you), while her pathetic husband just watched; or wondering how someone without teeth can consume not-so-tender prime rib.I won't willingly go out of my way to eat here again, but if in the neighborhood while visiting family and this is where they want to go I won't battle them over it (remember, I choose my battles wisely).BTW - costs $4 more for dinner if you don't have a player's card.
3	It's been here for years and the menu has changed a few times but $7.99 for dinner with your players card is what brings us here. The food is Ok and you can always find something to fill you up and that would sum it up. Also, I am not a dessertee (THAT'S A WORD NOW) which works out because the dessert station there is maybe the lamest I've seen in town.
2	ummmmm... it's a buffet inside a casino... do you need to read a review?oh ya, its cheap! ...and im talking about the quality of food!  but i will eat here regardless cause i dont give a shi* like that...
1	Lord almighty, don't do this to your stomach. We were out and about and thought we'd give this buffet a try. Oh, how I wish we hadn't! The $4.99 advertised meal is actually $17.99 but you get $9 off when you have a players card - so we had to go and find someone to help us get a players card, which took about  20 minutes. We then got into a line to pay for our meal, and then got into another line to be seated. We were inside the casino a full hour before we could actually get to a table. We did a thorough walkthrough of the buffet before selecting anything to put on our plates. It was horrifying. There was food from a plethora of regions - and all of it looked like it would piss off our digestive system - even the nacho bar. We selected a few small items and attempted to eat. We were repulsed. It was cold, and flavorless. The ribs were all fat. Things that should have been crunchy were mushy and things that should have been soft were hard. We gave the dessert bar a try - and the collection of items we chose tasted like lard sprinkled with sugar. With the plate still in front of him, my husband looked at me and said, "Wanna get out of here and pick up some Taco Bell?"When Taco Bell sounds more appetizing than a $17.99 buffet, you've got a problem. Gross.
3	It's a Vegas buffet and with casino players club card it's cheap!Salad bar is good and if you get there at around 10:30 you can have breakfast and lunch for the low breakfast price!Service varies on who you get! Roll the dice and feed a big family for cheap!
4	I was already at Texas Station for something else with a friend and we decided to eat here. Sunday brunch/dinner for $9.99 per person(with player's card) is hard to beat. Food is decent, fairly large selection. Bumped it up to 4 stars from 3.5 since the service was great. $7.99 lunch & $4.99 breakfast with a player's card also being offered at the moment.
2	What a sucker I am. All it took was another 2for1 offer in the mail to bring me back in. This place is heavy on southern-style cuisine, barbecue, Cajun, and they'll have a carving station with turkey and ham. The buffet is large for an off-strip site, lots of selections but all the selections are average to poor in quality. I don't go for the fare as much as the local color, which might frighten most but I find it entertaining as hell. The last time I went the place was crammed with characters, I was half expecting Charles Ramsey to bust in any second to start chowing down on some ribs and make an explicit 911 call.
1	I ate there for lunch today and my stomach has been acting up and I've been to the bathroom all day today wish I didn't eat there today. The only thing I had different from the wife was the fried chicken so I'm guessing it was that.
2	Good thing I only paid 8 bucks for this buffet.  For the same price you should go to the Santa Fe Station buffet. WAY BETTER!! The Mexican fare is better here though still a smaller selection than Santa Fe. Asian is not good here. Dessert bar very lacking I don't think the desserts are even made here since I can see a bunch of bakery boxes and aluminum pie tins around.  Definitely going back to Santa Fe for the buffet from now on.
3	Brutal.  This Feast Buffet is just not tops with me in regards to any of Station Casinos buffet mania.  This along with the Feast Buffet at the Palace Station are towards the bottom for me.  Sometimes you really do get what you paid for.The Feast Buffet at Texas Station has just about most of the same food stations as other Station Casino properties.  You have your American section, Chinese section, Italian section, and Mexican section.  There is a nominal salad bar, as well as a basic dessert section.  This one is just sad because they don't even serve gelato!  Only soft serve, which didn't look too appetizing on the bland dessert section.I ate here only because yep...it was cheap.  With your Station Casino card you can have lunch for about $7.99 per person.  A buffet, sure, but don't get your hopes up.  Most of the food in the sections are just plain BLAH.  The turkey was dry.  The fried chicken was over fried.  The mashed potatoes were pretty bad.  How do you mess that up?  The Italian section was average, but pasta was overcooked, and the meat sauce was just OK.  The pizza station wasn't my favorite, the crust was too doughy from being a tad undercooked.  You can get a burger or a hot dog, but make sure you request one that is fresh grilled in front of you otherwise you'll get one that has been sitting in a container of water/grease that sits in the corner of the grill.  Bleech.  Just don't do it.  The Chinese section?  Oh man.  Crap-tastic.  Crap-tastic!  Some of the worse Asian food at a buffet I've ever had.  The stir fry was overcooked and loaded with baby corn.  Where's the beef?  The sweet and sour chicken was hard from sitting too long, and the egg rolls were overdone.  Sad.  Even the white rice was too hard from being under the heat too long.OK, so you figure at Texas Station the draw would be the BBQ section?  Wrong.  It was pretty plain as well.  BBQ chicken was dry, slathered sloppily with sauce.  The brisket was overcooked, ending up stringy with no moisture.  The sauce was standard that probably came from a bottle.  Too fake-sweet with no oomph.  Not world class at all.The only saving grace of this Feast Buffet and the reason I gave it an extra star is because of the Mexican section.  They tout on their billboard that you can have all-you-can-eat tacos al pastor.  Luckily, luckily, they are of good caliber.  They are damn delicious!  And those guys know how to make it correct.  A couple of fresh tortillas on the grill, a scoop of al pastor, topped with some cilantro, raw onion, red or green salsa?  Muchos gracias!  This was pretty much all I ate while here at the buffet.  I must have had like 9 or 10 of them for lunch.  They were good!  The tortillas were fresh, the al pastor was made well with some heat and some sweet, cool from the salsa, some texture from the cilantro and onions, and acid from a squeeze of lime.  Best bite I had during my time here!Will be back as long as they keep the quality of the tacos al pastor up.  It is worth it for the buffet price alone.  You figure almost $2 a taco on the street?  Makes it worth it to hit up the Feast Buffet at the Texas Station for just shy of $8.Ole!
3	SIMPLY NOT THE BEST    Yesterday was about my third time catching the Feast Buffet at Texas Station's act. In Feast Buffet style the quality of the food could be good one visit and behind the eight ball on others. On yesterday's visit color me unimpressed with the quality of the food.  I arrived on the cue for Feast Buffet around 3:15 pm. It was a fairly long line that moved on the slow side because not all stations were available. The upside to the line management is that when I approached the front there was a register on both sides. If you've been to the Feast Buffet at Red Rock or Green Valley Ranch, you have to get off the line to pay then get back in line while being assertive about preventing people from the VIP lines cutting into your side. This line management technique raised my rating from 2 8/10 stars to 3. The thing is that the buffet wasn't really worth the wait.   The admission for a buffet adventure on Sunday is around $10.50 for all day brunch. In my honest opinion the brunch buffet is a gimmick to raise the price of lunch just like Red Rock adding some peeled shrimp to their Saturday buffet and calling it the shrimp and rib night to raise the price. Personally at 3:15 pm in the afternoon, I don't want an American food station for example to have zero corn niblets in place of scrambled eggs.  Both the selection and taste were bland. The Asian foods station was lacking on chow fun, spicy eggplant, and cabbage for example. The Italian food station was mostly spaghetti, meatballs, and filler food. And contrary to the majority of the Feast Buffets an ice cream station was nonexistent. The food was so forgettable. For example, the rib was mostly a sticky bone. The temperature of the coffee was below my expectations. My favorite part of the meal was the wonton soup. I did not have the usual experience that I have at the Sunset Station Buffet where the bowl of wonton soup is all broth and carrots.  What about the service? Just like the majority of Feast Buffets there is one overworked server balancing several tables worth of dishes. I did find it discusting looking at all the used plates at the vacated table to my left for a good half hour.   Feast Buffet at Texas Station is simply not the best. I know that they will never be the best. But they could be a lot better than they were today.
5	My husband and I went this Sunday, to our surprise EVERYTHING we tasted was good. Fresh and with flavor. I think the Sunday chef does a great job. Other days have been lacking some flavor. But today was great. Our waitress left us for dead, dice she gave us our drinks she never came back. I had to ask walking by waitresses for refills and high chair. But it really didn't take away from my husband and I enjoying the food to the max.
1	buffet was lousy couldn't talk to anyone who worked there nobody spoke english kids running around nobody saying anything to them there are plenty of buffets in vegas don't waist your money at texas station buffet
1	Read the great review in the taste section of the Review Journal last Wednesday and the pictures of the Feast buffet at the Texas station.  My friend and myself decided to go on Friday evening 5/30/14.  It was the worst buffet I have ever eaten at.  We arrived around 3:30 pm paid and went in.  The waitresses were not friendly at all.  The staff behind the stations had no personality at all.  The food was not changed over in most stations from lunch to dinner.  The fried chicken was so overcooked that you could not even eat it.  When I asked for fresh it was really juicy and tasty.  The Asian section was overcooked and the food was not moving at all, the chef would just throw back in wok, heat up and put back out for service.  The only person who was friendly was the young man behind the pizza stand.  I would not recommend this buffet to anyone, crossed this one off my list, never to visit again.
3	There are better buffets in Vegas, but not many are better for the price and location (for us) than the Feast at Texas Station.I only come here when I get two-for-one coupons in the mail, because you can't beat an all-you-can-eat dinner for $5 per person. My husband and I each always get a taco, although I was sad to see there were no flour tortillas tonight. (We both usually make a "double decker," wrapping a hard taco inside a bean-smeared flour tortilla.) It's also hit-or-miss what foods will be on the buffet. I usually get a plate of mussels and crawdads, and while they had some (overcooked) mussels available tonight, there were no crawdads in sight.That said, what do you want for $5? I had a tasty hot link, a so-so rib, and some fair-to-middlin' red beans and rice (along with my aforementioned taco). Finished off the meal with a small piece of carrot cake and an ice cream cone. As usual, they were good about refilling the drinks, although it took some time to get our dirty plates cleared away.Say what you want, but I will keep coming here for a cheap meal as long as they keep sending me coupons. I just wish they'd bring back the crawdads and cut back on the cooking time for the mussels. And how about those flour tortillas?
1	Came with my family and they wouldn't sit us together since we didn't pay together. The food wasn't good, it was old and tasteless. They didn't change the food out the whole hour we were here I guess they didn't want to waste it. Bowling was clean and fun, but will go elsewhere to eat.
4	Beef brisket. BBQ ribs. Since they added these two items late last year this buffet has been amazing. The el pastor tacos arn't much to boast about but worth a try. Make sure to check them out after 4pm though for dinner when they start serving them. Other mentionables there is their pulled pork and bread pudding. Delicious and filling if you're on a budget. Also helps from burning a hole in your wallet.
2	You get what you pay for here.  If you live close by and want a low cast place to invite guests, you should give it a try.  If you live further away or are looking for quality food, I would suggest looking elsewhere.  The ice cream is shaved, the burgers are flavorless, and the juice tastes like the fruit punch you can buy in a gallon jug.
1	The only food good here is the carnitas pork. That it! Plus I had to pay full price (9.99) for my daughter that Is 2 years old and eats like half a piece of pizza, broccoli, carrots and ice cream. Would not go here again. Worse of all the stations buffets. If you're looking for a cheap station casino buffet that tastes good, hit up red rock. It's about 15-20 mins away from this one but way worth it!
1	This place is nasty. Nothing seems appetizing and I came in hungry and honestly mc donalds even tastes better than this place. Not worth the $32.41 I paid for 2 people I only ate 1 plate and didnt even finish it and neither did my cousin. I don't like giving bad reviews but for the money jusy skip this place.
1	I went there for breakfast and it was easily one of the worst buffets I've been to in the morning.  Fake eggs, super processed fast food-esque style bacon, hash was flavorless and undercooked, no crepes, and the pancakes were tough.  The only good things about my family's experience there is that the donuts were some of the freshest I've had in years anywhere.  And our server was very nice and attentive.  I don't think I'll be back unless they start serving real food!
3	We paid 8.99$ for lunch. We also had a two for one coupon we received in the mail. The buffets presentation was well, Service was also nice. I liked the fact that the buffet wasn't overly crowded as some would be such as the Texas station buffet. It seems like the basic food wasn't all that great but some of the others were very good so they seem to balance each other out. We enjoyed the pork ribs and the chow mein. The pies at the dessert bar were ok some were very good and some weren't so great. They had a large salad bar as well as a large fruit bar after everything we experience today I will be going back the price is Right.
2	Came here for lunch for the $9.99 buffet. The staff was nice and helpful. I really wanted to like the food, but I just couldn't. Everything was dry like they had been sitting out for a while. The brisket was tough. The only thing that I really liked was the albondigas soup. It needed a little salt, but it was very good.
4	I love bringing my little brothers here for lunch because it has a little something for all of us! And they are extremely picky with there food! They always have great service here and you will never see an empty cup of soda/water!
