5	I made the reservation for junk removal on-line and it didn't take long at all.  Later, I had to change the date of the pick-up and called the 800 number and made the change over the phone.  Again, no problem at all.  When the day came, the crew called right before the 9:00 block time to let us know that they were on their way.  They arrived 30 minutes later as they promised.  When they arrived, they took a look at the mess that was in our garage and gave us a quote.  We agreed on the quote and they got to work.  They were so courteous and efficient!  They got everything out of there in no time!  They even swept the garage floors so it was nice and clean!  I was very impressed with them and will definitely do business with them again!
5	1-800-Got Junk? Oh, you know I do!  I'm not ready to be on Hoarders yet, but....I found out about 1-800-Got Junk? because of some advertising I saw for a special they had running.  The special was for removing and recycling Christmas trees.  For $30, they would come by your home, pick up the tree, and even clean up any needles that have dropped in the process.  This sure beats putting it in your car and getting needles and sap all over your interior!  What made it even better is that if you book your appointment online, you get an automatic $10 off any service.  Yay for unexpected discounts!So I scheduled my appointment in about 2 minutes online.  The guys called me the day of to confirm the pick up time and arrived right on time.  Yay for not having a 12-5 sort of time frame!  When they arrived, I had some other stuff that I needed to get rid of and asked how much it would be.  The lead guy gave me a good deal on some stuff that had been sitting in my backyard for a year or so.  He included the tree recycling, so I got a great deal.  It was much cheaper and easier to have them deal with it, than it would have been for me to get a truck and haul it to the dump myself.  Besides, who really wants to go to the dump anyway?  The guys that came by were very professional and friendly.  They did a great job cleaning up the needles and getting the junk out of my backyard.  I would say they had everything loaded and cleaned up in about 20 minutes.  I am so happy with the service they provided.  I can't wait to use then once we start our next home improvement project!And if you are wondering, they will haul away almost anything you have laying around from old furniture, yard clippings, old appliances, plus pretty much everything else.  If you do have a question, you can call and ask the call center, who are also very friendly and helpful.  They have set prices for some removals like old refrigerators for $89. For other things like a big pile of junk in your garage, they will send someone out to give you a quote.  For these removals, you can accept the quote and the removal starts right then or you can say no and they leave.  I personally felt no pressure at all with my dealing with the guys.  I had asked about an old fridge I needed removed, but I found out it was full of stuff my hubby decided to store in there (I have no idea why!) and I didn't know what to do with it all right then.  I told the guys I would just call them back and schedule that removal for a different day.  They totally understood and were nice about it.  If you need stuff removed and it won't fit in your garbage can, call 1-800- Got Junk for a headache free junk removal!
4	I had a bunch of random garbage and junk around my house. I wasn't familiar with junk removal companies, so I called them up to see how much it would cost to remove all of it--they couldn't give me an estimate over the phone because their prices are based on how much truck space is required to fit all your stuff.I asked them to come out to give me an estimate. They were able to make it that afternoon. They quoted me $252 to remove all the stuff--it was a little expensive, but the speed they removed the junk was totally worth it! Ah, no more junk. ;)I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking to get rid of their random junk in a hurry. I would not recommend them to anyone who is on a tight budget.
