5	Still going there, still same great people and prices. Don't forget to check out the back of the store for more used goods and appliances! Sadly, their "guard dog" passed away.
5	I run a bar, restaurant and casino in Henderson and was lucky enough to stumble upon Henderson Restaurant Supply.  I had never worked in the Henderson area, so I didn't know where to go or who I could trust for supplies.  I did some research, checked prices and looked at both new and used restaurant equipment & supply places.  Henderson Restaurant Supply routinely came through with better prices, better selection and is one of the only supply places in the valley that deals in both new AND used equipment - a true one-stop shopping place.  So I started going to Henderson Restaurant Supply anytime I needed anything for the bar or restaurant, from the mundane to the obscure.Over the time I've been dealing with them, the owners have always been willing to work with me and have never let me down.  They've even had things custom made in instances when the parts couldn't be ordered in a timely manner or at a reasonable cost.  They are so helpful and such nice people that I actually find myself looking forward to visiting them on a monthly basis to replenish my glassware, dishes & other items that regularly break or walk out the door.I've even purchased items for my home from them because they deal with both wholesale and retail customers.  So even if you're just a regular Joe who likes to cook at home or keep his house bar supplied like a professional joint, Henderson Restaurant Supply is the place to go for anything you need.  Even if I ended up working back on the strip at some point, I'd probably still drive out to Henderson for my supplies without hesitation, knowing that I'd get better service, better prices and a better selection than I could find anywhere else in Vegas.  Thanks Karlin & Brett - looking forward to seeing you (and the dogs) again soon!
5	I just recently discovered Henderson Restaurant Supply and I'm hooked! I'm not a professional chef or restaurateur; just a person who likes to cook at home a lot and they have EVERYTHING under the sun that you can imagine you would need! They even have things you didn't know you needed! And if they don't have it, they'll order it for you. They also have a huge warehouse in the back stocked with new and used kitchen equipment. The first full-sized ice maker they get in is mine! lol Also, my husband and I just finished remodeling our back porch into a tiki-type bar/outdoor kitchen, and HRS is the perfect place to find the supplies we need for great summer parties!Go see Karlin and Brett for all your kitchen/restaurant needs, and say hi to their guard Pug/VP of marketing, Bruno! ;-)
4	If you are a kitchen gadget geek like me you will find this place crazy cool! They sell both home and industrial grade kitchen items.  The stores main focus is for the restaurant industry but it is open to the public for both restaurant owners and amateur home cooks. I knew this place has been here for years, but always overlooked it till I stopped by when  food truck Just Rollin was parked here. (yes, I know I need a  "I brake for food trucks" bumper sticker, I swear). While waiting for my order, Mr. Just Rollin By said to check out the store while I was waiting. So I did!  Wow, they have everything you can dream of for cooking, baking and entertaining! Very good quality. Prices, so reasonable! Ended up buying some tea cups that Ive been looking high and low for!! For eighty cents each!! Yes!  I then made a mental note to come back.On my latest visit I had more time to peruse through and check out the store a little more.  The supplies and kitchenware are categorized in sections so you will be able to figure out where the bakeware, server ware, kitchen utensils, beverage items, containers, pans, etc are.  Most items are tagged with their prices.  I scored a pair of elbow length oven mitts, thick cloth type, nice quality for just $7.50.  What a steal! Also they recently added a Yelp Deal...20% off your total purchase.  So be sure to check in and take advantage of it.  Staff is friendly and helpful. They were busy helping another customer, but acknowledge my presence. Location is easy to get to, just past the DMV, you'll see the brown building at the corner. Now I know where to head first when I need something for the kitchen.
5	This place is easily my best find of the year (thanks Yelp!) I decided to go because I needed a new chef's knife and this store is quite literally a block from my work (and I never even knew it existed). I got off early the day before Thanksgiving and thought I would check it out on the off chance they were open. Not only were they open but they were AWESOME. Even though I'm not a professional, I didn't feel uncomfortable at all. In fact it was quite the opposite, Karlin went out of her way to help me, answer all my questions and assist me in picking out the perfect knife. She did not make me feel intimidated.  I felt like Alice in Wonderland, if Alice had been an amateur cook and Wonderland had a pug (SQUEE! He's so cute!!) as it's mascot instead of the Cheshire cat. I felt like Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, if Charlie liked nice knives at cheap prices and the chocolate factory was actually full of utensils and ramekins. If you enjoy cooking at all, you really need to get your butt down to this store. Karlin and Brett will make you regulars for life. I can't imagine going anyplace else for my cooking supply needs. I give them 5 extremely sharp and well priced stars.
5	I own a restaurant in Kingman.and have purchased much of my funiture and equipment there.  Everyone has always been helpful and nice.  I have been to many restaurant supply stores in the Vegas area and I always feel like I am dealing with a used car salesmen and leave feeling slighted...but not here.  I highly recommend Henderson Restaurant Supply.
4	Very good store for all your cooking needs.  It's run by a Carlin and her husband.  You know I love supporting our local merchants.  Carlin was very helpful and friendly.  She even opened the packaging and split the items, so I did not have to buy the entire pack of squeeze bottles.  I will go back for all my cooking needs.  ***Also, don't forget to check in and get 20% off your purchase!!** a tip Carlin actually reminded me to do.  Great establishment.  Do support it!
5	I love this place! Bret and Karlin are wonderful. If they don't have what u need, they are more than happy to look through the catalogs and make some calls to get it for you. They are the only ones I found that provide knife sharpening service on the south side of town. Love them!
3	I've been looking for a restaurant supply store in the Las Vegas area since moving here a few months ago. So I was excited to find this place on Yelp. It's a great little store but to be honest, I was a little disappointed with the size/selection of the store. I didn't find everything I was looking for. On the up side the stuff was friendly and helpful. The supplies they did have on hand were reasonably priced. Overall not a bad trip.
