5	These women were great!! I went to a little party with some girlfriends and they hosted it, what a ball! Danna and I think the other woman's name is Ruby, were super fun and helpful. We made the wine painting, and it's now on our mantel. Who knew, I'm actually talented!? I want to try and book them for our upcoming housewarming party, to help us decorate the new home! Highly recommended, and a super creative concept!
5	I attended a Me the Artist event which was hosted by a friend in her home.  I was skeptical at first given I have had very little exposure to the painting process but was soon at ease given the step by step instruction. Most of us were laughing at our lack of experience but were quickly impressed by our own "hidden talents"!  The instructor, Ruby, took her time to guide us through each step.  What a fun way to share a day, a few drinks and lots of laughs with friends. The painting is now hanging on my wall and my guests are surprised to learn that I DID THAT!
5	I had an amazing time with my experience.  I was so relaxed during the whole time.  The teacher (Danna) was very friendly and engaging through the session.  If anyone knows me at all, they all know I can't even paint a stick figure, but some how she got me to paint a guitar!!  I was shocked when I was complete with "masterpiece!!" It is now hanging on my living room. Very affordable. I definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a team building function or throwing a party at their house!
5	While I agree with the other reviewers that the Me the Artist events make a wonderful experience with friends or for team building with co-workers, I have another scenario to share. I went WAY out of my comfort zone and attended a recent Me the Artist event hosted by a friend where I didn't know anyone else there besides her. There were ten artists in total with Ruby and Danna as facilitators.Ruby and Danna did a terrific job of walking me through the creation of the art piece in a way that even I -- as a non-artist -- could follow and duplicate successfully. They were quick to offer support and encouragement (in general) and assistance for when I goofed something up and needed a fix. Fun, eclectic background music helped to create a relaxed setting conducive to creating and Ruby did a nice job of keeping us on task in order to complete the project in the allotted time without making us feel too rushed.  My fellow artists were also friendly and super supportive.I now feel inspired to play with art more often, even if my inner artist never evolves beyond grade school talent. It is fun and therapeutic!So, even if you don't have an opportunity to host or attend a full party, check out the website for events open to anyone. Don't be intimidated -- it's a safe, economical and fun way to explore the world of painting -- I promise :-)
5	What a fantastic idea! My husband and I are about as non-artistic as it's possible to be, but we had a wonderful time and were even able to create a catchy display for our kitchen by joining our "masterpieces". Our friends couldn't believe that the paintings were ours!
5	I was invited by a friend to attend an 'art night' at Me the Artist and loved it!  I have done the pottery painting thing but this was much better.  Ruby, the owner, held the class and gave everyone a good example step-by-step on how to create a painting of a sunflower on a 16" x 20" in canvas.  I am an artist myself, but I still enjoyed the class and watching what everyone else created.  It's fun and something different to do.  And you can bring your own wine to drink if you happen to be an artist who likes grapes.They have classes for all ages and the painting subject changes each day as you'll see from the examples on the walls.
5	I loved this! It was so much fun and something different to do. I drove all the way from Tempe and it was definitely worth the trip. Great staff and amazing studio. We had a ton of fun and I love how I didn't have to worry about buying supplies, setting up or much of a clean up. The regular price is $40 per 2 hour session but I purchased a Living Social deal for $20. If they do any deals in the future I will definitely go again but $40 is a bit steep.
5	My friend and I found a deal on HomeRun.com and decided to check it out. We had a blast!!! The atmosphere is so laid back and the owner and her employees were fabulous. Can't wait to go back.
4	I've been here twice and I would come back. I never painted a canvas before coming here and it has made me a fan of painting! I've even started painting in my free time at home. The teachers explain everything really well and make you feel comfortable asking questions. Your painting will turn out exactly like theirs, if you want, or you can deviate from their template and add your own special touches. It's a fun way to spend 2 hours and the time FLIES by when you're concentrating and having fun. It's also in a good location because after the class you can walk over to Mellow Mushroom or one of the nearby restaurants and get a bite to eat.My only recommendation to them is to add new paintings to their calendar. I've already painted two that I like, and I want to schedule another visit but I'm not wow-ed by anything on the calendar yet.
5	Went with a girlfriend about a month and a half ago and I thought it was a great time!  Such a fun and different way to spend the evening.  They make it very simple.  It's like painting by numbers, but more sophisticated!  Would go back in a heartbeat!!
5	What a fun experience!! I am definitely not artistic, but this class was perfect for beginners.  The staff is wonderful, and my painting actually came out great! I would recommend checking this out for sure.  I will be back!
5	My husband and I went for a Valentine's day paint and it was a great experience. They had nice munchies before we started. We ate and drank wine while they set the items up. We had a great spot but make sure you get their early for a good seat. We were able to get our paint but make sure to get extra! The helpers were very nice and warm. The teacher could have gone a bit more indepth with directions but it was good to follow her when she was done with their paint strokes. Would totally go back!
5	I just recently discovered this place only because of Living Social and they had a deal going on. $50 ($100 value) for a three-hour BYOB painting class for two. Materials included are: 16x20 canvas, acrylic paints, brushes, and an apron for each student. You can go on their website and check their event calendar to see what the instructor will teach that day. Each week is a different theme and they show samples of the instructors artwork on the calendars to show you as well. I choose the "Tree of Love" theme since I was going with my bf and thought it be a cool experience for our first time. You have to make reservations online or by phone. We got there pretty early and was greeted by the instructor and she had us sign in and then told us to pick a place to sit. We were talking to her briefly since we were early and she was so sweet. Once everyone was in we got started and she goes over everything step by step to make it real simple. During the class, she will make sure that everyone is at the same pace and then she will proceed with the next step. Her assistance was out that day so her husband was the assisting for the night and he was taking pictures and helping people out if it was needed. When she announced that I was like awww, that's too cute! Her and her hubby teaching her class together! Since this was a BYOB painting class, it really made the class more enjoyable with your significance other or friends. It just makes the activity more exciting since you're a little tipsy. I noticed one lady that came in and she even brought a big huge icebox for her BYOB lol. Now that's SMART, I am going to steal her idea and do that next time so my drinks are cold and ready! =)Overall, I enjoyed this fun little activity a lot. My bf liked it too and we want to go back. We loved how our painting turned out so we got it framed and now it's hanging in our room. It was a good date night, and I would definitely recommend this place.
4	I purchased a Living Social Deal to attend an event here with a friend. I have been to other painting classes around the valley, so I was pretty comfortable with the concept already.The class I attended was the close up of the fish and the instructor was Robert. First thing, I love that the location was easy to find and there was ample parking because our class was early on a Sunday. The art studio/gallery is very nicely decorated and it is very roomy. I love the high ceilings and the ceiling fans. Very comfortable! The stools seemed not sturdy enough to hold my weight but I was surprised that the lady who checked us in brought me a regular chair right away, without me having to ask. The one thing that would make this place better is the sound. It can get loud with all of the other "artists" having their own conversations and the instructor was not wearing a microphone. At times, I felt lost during the instruction because I missed it due to not being able to hear what he was saying. The atmosphere wasn't as laid-back/silly/engaging as it has been at other places, but it didn't take away from the experience. I really enjoyed my experience and looking through the calendar I see lots of other paintings I want to try. I will definitely be coming back to Me the Artist in the near future!
4	Went here with my lady for a date. The instructor was a bit hard to follow at times and moved too quickly others, but would help people when they were straggling. Over all was a fun time and we have a couple of mementos from it that we have on the wall.
