3	Delicatessen, many types of club sandwich great onion rings !
2	I went to Brisket after buying an online voucher that was 30$ for 100$ worth of food for two people.The deal seemed almost too good to be true as the feast consisted of fried mushroom starter, salad, smoked meat sampler, steak and potatoes, desert and a bottle of wine.First impression walking in is that the place looks bigger than it is, very casual setting but the theme is a little bit all over the place. They had tv screens and ads promoting happy hour specials, almost like a sports bar, but the night we went, they had a jazz singer and band.I also don't understand their monkey mascot which is featured on their flyers and painted graffiti-like all over their bathroom doors.The menu seems almost as scattered. They offer a big assortement of sandwiches and poutines and various meats ranging from kangaroo, boar, bison and beef.With the set menu we were offered, I was pleased with the smoked meat but severely disappointed with my steak. It was overdone, dry and bland. Being one of their most expensive menu items, I expected more. I had to eat it with ketchup when a good cut of meat should be savory on its own.For the deal I paid, I can't complain too much since it was only 30$ for 2 people (tips and taxes extra) although it isn't worth any more. Brisket seems to be recommended by many tourist guides and websites. I can understand the initital attraction but I also see why they have trouble building return customers.The service was excellent but food is left to be desired.There are better sports bars, diners or jazzy restaurants to go to - Brisket is trying too hard to be all that.I would recommend for a simple lunch - but don't go expecting a fancy dinner.
4	Don't let the deli-like atmosphere fool you -- this poutine is the best moderately priced deal in the city!
1	I don't know where to start.... let's start at the bottom... the best decor in the restaurant is actually the bathrooms, downstairs. On the other hand they smelled so badly of chlorine and harsh lighting that you wouldn't want to stay there for long in any case. A canned soft drink will cost you over $3. The smoked meat was dry. The chocolate cake was frozen. The service was lacklustre, to be kind about it. I have been craving a good steak for a while and well... I'm still craving one after having eaten a steak here, they dumped spices on it and yet didn't bother to season it. The steak platter was served without a steak knife and it really did need a steak knife. The fries were soggy. The salad dressing was overly sour. Funny part, I was looking forward to coming here because it is one of the few places in town that serves many different types of burgers, including boar, elk, horse and kangaroo. The menu is all over the place. And the drinks... strip club prices!
2	I went there with the use of a Groupon coupon and it was just so-so, the portions were small, the service totally unorganized despite it being a dead night. I did not leave a 15% tip to the supposed $79 value (ridiculous) it was unmerited.The location was bright and spacious but over-priced for what you got.
5	Well I got the name of this place wrong.  When we walked up I thought it was called Krausmann's.  Its actually called "Brisket Montreal" (Salon Kraussman).We got there late on a Monday evening at about quarter to eight.  We asked if they were still serving food, and we were told that the kitchen was cutting off orders at eight, and the restaurant closed at nine.  Having walked past many closed restaurants we were down with that.My wife and I both had the "Best of" special which featured Putine, two differents types of smoked meat (one was pork foot), cole slaw, and a pickle.  I forgot to write down what the kids were eating in my notebook - poor me.The smoked meat was A-freaking-Mazing.  Awesome is too tame of a word to describe it.  The meat was so good that my 2 year old child was fighting my wife to eat her smoked meat.  The smoked pork foot meat was the better of the two, but I could have eaten either for days.  The poutine was the second best poutine that we had during this trip to Quebec.The wait staff was nice to us.  My kids tried to use their french to the best of their ability, and the server worked with them.  Quite kind.  Our server visited us a few times so see how we were doing.Salon Krausmann, I had never heard of you before, but you can bet that I'll be there next time I'm in Montreal!
