5	Great service! The guys are very friendly. It's worth the cost to avoid the DMV. Fees vary depending on services and vehicle. I have already registered two vehicles through them. You can go eat lunch or run errands and they will call you when your plates are ready.
5	What a great group of guys to work with. There very knowledgeable friendly and extremely helpful.
5	For the best Department of Motor Vehicles Registration services near Henderson, DMV on Stephanie, stop by and inquire about services with DMV Drop. Great guys and very affordable tiered pricing. Eat lunch, go shopping and then pick up your plates in a couple hours, Great Service- Highly Recommended!
5	So, had I gone on my own to DMV, I would have had to wait for who knows how many hours to be told that I needed certain information changed.  Then would have had to leave, change that information and then go back and wait for hours.  At least, I was able to walk right up, get it all figured out in 10 minutes and pay a few extra bucks now to waste my entire day.Thanks Rob Young Insurance for the recommendation!  Insurance and registration in the same place!  Makes total sense to me!
4	This DMV location has gotten more efficient since I first came here to get my learners permit...about a million years ago. But having to deal with this place still warrants a deep belly groan.  It's true, going to the DMV is pretty much is the last the thing anyone ever wants to do, but just plan a head and be prepared to wait. I'm sure most of you reading this right now know and understand the trials of dealing with the DMV, so instead of tips I'm highlighting a DMV survival kit that will ease the pain of this adulthood task. 1) Get here early! Seriously, wake up before the crack of dawn and get here. This will cut down on your time spent in this den of despair. 2) Have all your paperwork organized and in-hand. 3) Prime seating. Somewhere near the bathroom (damn Starbucks) and within sight of the numbers being called. D-485, Now Serving D-485.4) Bring water and snacks. This will come in handy when you get that prime seating location. Because If hunger pains beckon you to the vending machine, you might return to find your seat taken by an overtired mom and seven screaming kids.  5) Headphones! Video games, music, Netflix. This also drowns out the white noise of the DMV.6) Last, but not least...extra funds. You never when that speeding ticket from 6 years ago, that you forgot about, will pop-up! BONUS ITEMS:* Pillow and blanket* Portable, but still ridiculously big TV* Margarita Machine* Full desktop computer w/ tower* Kimchi & Onion/Garlic based sub-sandwichHave fun!
5	This place rocks! They will save you so much time and energy! The staff is very polite and knowledgeable. Save yourself the headache and use DMV Drop!
5	I give these 5 thumbs up for there service Fast and efficient right across from henderson dmv inside the gas station come see them and dont have to wait in line
