2	The way I feel about Rubio's is pretty much the way I feel about Panda Express - if you have to eat there as an alternative to the real thing, you'll have an acceptable meal but wish you had gone somewhere spicier/more authentic/less greasy. Their chips and salsa bar isn't bad, and some of their food items (like the new grilled veggie tacos) are decent, but many other items just fall short. Also, anything that has shrimp in it features tiny, bland-tasting shrimp and will cost you extra. If you have to, go ahead, but in this neighborhood (and in the rest of Phoenix), you'll be able to find better Mexican food for lower prices.
3	I think I may have been a little harsh in my previous judgment of Rubio's. Yes, it's not the most authentic Mexican food and yes, it's a chain, but I went there today and tried their veggie burrito with a whole wheat tortilla and it was pretty tasty and not too heavy. I definitely prefer Baja Fresh and Chipotle (coming soon to 24th St and Baseline center) for Mexican chains, but Rubio's has some ok offerings if you choose carefully.
3	Rubio's = runny beans. I am not a fan, much rather go to a baja fresh. Rubio's beans are so runny they will make any burrito fall apart regardless of the other fillings. Their chips are too salty, the shrimp (that you pay extra for) is more friend breading than actual shrimp, their chicken has a weird taste to it.. Almost alien.. Weird. The only thing that saves them from a 2 star review is the salsa bar. They have some pretty delicious salsas, oh yea and they serve beers.
3	I tried the lobster burrito it was good not great, The beans not too good , next time I will just get the burrito. Kinda pricey 32$ for 3 people.
4	Love the Street Tacos (Chicken) White tender meat with guac and cilantro, add some salsa and lime and you have a great taste.  Generally very fast and friendly service.
5	Alot of you might be wondering why i would write a review on a fst food chain like Rubios. Well if you have had Rubios Gourmet Steak or Shrimp Tacos you know why I am writing this review. If you haven't had the Gourmet Steak or Shrimp Tacos then hold on to your tate buds because these bad boys are as good as they get. The Gourmet Steak is BY FAR the best taco, of any kind, that I have ever had. I'm not even going to get into everything that is in it, but when they ask you if you want the bacon in it say YES. This will be a taco that you crave, but beware at 340 calories per tacos if you eat to many you might pack on the pounds.Let me know if you think these Gourmet Tacos are as good as I say they are.
5	Best fish tacos ever. You gotta try them.
4	Yeah, it's a chain outta So-Cal. Yeah it's kinda similar to Baja Fresh. But the original fish tacos rock. Perfectly fried- beer battered fish. Fresh cabbage. And the white sauce is amazing. Beans, rice and salsa are good too. And the staff is friendly and the restaurant is always clean.
5	I am giving this Rubio's 5 stars based on customer service.The girl who took our order was names Isabella. She was super friendly and helpful. She was patient with us ordering as one person had never been to a Rubio's before and we had a 2 year old running around. She never tried to rush us. She even gave me a coupon for a free churro to save me money on our order. She offered us cups for water while we waited. Then, when they gave us our food to go, everything was exactly as ordered and she even bagged everyone's orders separately so there was no confusion!By the way, the food was good too! But it was Isabella's customer service that made that meal so nice!
5	I give Rubio's 5 stars two reasons great customer service even at rush hour lunch time and for the shrimp filled burrito. I thought they were going to be stingy with the shrimp but it was loaded throughout the burrito. When I first bit into it I got three shrimp. I thought "awe man all the shrimp are in one end of the burrito" but it wasn't it was throughout until the last bite!
2	I was visiting South Mountain C.C. and on my way 2 the bus stop decided 2 stop in and grab a bite to eat. . .I ordered the two shrimp tacos combo. . .The reciept didnt show a drink listed with the combo so I didnt ask. . I paid nearly $9 . So I took the meal to go as I didn't wanna miss my bus.  .When I opened my food box. . .I ate the shrimp tacos, the shrimp looked a lil weird, almost purple-ish, but still tasted good. . the amount of rice given was like a lil spoon full, it was almost insulting. . . they didnt put the rice in a container like they did the beans, but it looked like the amount of rice given wouldnt have filled the same container. I will never visit Rubios again. I could get way more food for $9 at Panda or Subway.
4	This place has the best torillia soup.
5	Staff was very friendly and food was fresh. Mango tea here is amazing!
5	The staff members are so friendly and courteous. The food is always delicious and fresh. I wish they were open later than 9 on week nights!
4	Rubio's has always been a solid choice - can't recall any bad meals here over the years when I first ran into this place down in San Diego. Lately, everything they seem to come out with is fish related. Tilapia, cod, etc, but since I hate most fish, I wish they would upgrade their chicken with some exotic spices once in awhile. Still, the chicken tacos were pretty solid last night at $7 for two of them in a large corn tortilla with chips and rice. Salsa bar hasn't changed in years and that is another spot where they could be more creative like Baja's mango stuff. Chicken nachos are really good as well.
5	Omg the gourmet shrimp tacos are on point.  It's like the most decadent shrimp taco you will ever try at a fast food place.  The staff is pleasant and the food is worth the few extra minutes wait.  Careful of bums lurking around though.  This isn't the best neighborhood.
5	We always get the chicken tacos-- usually with all chips and their chipotle style salsa. We eat here when we're feeling for something fresh and not too heavy. They have the coolest little in-store events too; I picked up a free re-usable bag that touts a positive environment (ocean-related) message.
5	Every Tuesday they have $1.50 fish tacos after 2.30pm :)
5	Great and flavorful salmon burrito!!!!
5	I love the food at Rubio's in general. This location in particular is always good, staff is always friendly and welcoming. I've never had good that didn't seem fresh and great.  I recently had a picky eater to order for and they so nicely offered to put the spicy ingredients and sauce on the side! I'll keep coming.
5	what's to say, fresh fish tacos, great sides, citrusy & bright for the hot day, perfect.
2	Unimpressed. I haven't been here in years and I wanted something better than Taco Bell but didn't want Chipotle. Well I should have chose of of those. Everything I ordered was bland including the salsa and guacamole. And my churro was cooked twice so it tastes like grease instead of cinnamon and sugar.
1	We have always gotten good food and great service at Rubio's. This time when we visited, we were not greeted when we came into the restaurant and there wasn't anyone else there. We ordered the shrimp tacos and a balsamic vinaigrette chicken salad.  We asked about ingredients in the Churro due to a dairy food allergy and the girl said, "It's like a donut, no dairy". Well, luckily I only had a few bites of it. Later that night, I looked it up on the website as I started having doubts she was very confident about the ingredients and I was having an allergic reaction. It looks like there IS milk in the Churro. For $18 for a meal, I can think of numerous other restaurants I would rather visit. The food quality and the service was not what I have experienced in the past. Nor was it worth $18 for a lunch.
3	The food is good and fresh. My beef is the lack of service from manager "Julie". Rude to customers and employees. They forgot my sons drink to go with his kids meal and typically when asking somebody a question,you would expect a response. She simply huffed, finished doing something, went and got the cup, brought it to table without a word. Nice.... I would never treat somebody with the lack of respect as she did. The entire visit left a sour taste in my mouth. That's the only reason for 3 stars. Would have given 4,but lousy customer service dropped this place down one.
4	First time ever coming here even though I live less than a mile away. I have to admit it was fantastic! I ordered the Surf & Turf taco plate. Both of the tacos were full of flavor and tasted very fresh. I got the Spanish rice instead of beans and it was delicious, not dry and over cooked like most places. The young man at the register "Chris" was very helpful with ordering and extremely pleasant. I will definitely be coming back to check out the $1.50 tacos on Tuesday.
