5	Adam is amazing! I've been going to him for over 5 years and would recommend to anyone!!!
5	Great place for hair and massage.  Adam is an amazing stylist.  My hair never looked so great.  The location is tucked in the back but worth discovering!
5	Adam is amazing and this salon does it all. From hair to massage, you will get fantastic service and results. The ambiance of the salon is amazing and they hit the nail on the head with the decor.
5	I give this place 10 stars! Lexi did I great job on my hair. The salon is spotless and the service is great. Will be going back for sure!
5	Great experiences first time there! Lexie did my hair it turned out perfect and I feel beautiful
1	Horrible! Horrible! Horrible! I bought a groupon for a cut highlights and style. My stylist did not even blow dry my hair so I didnt get to see the  "finished product" until I was home.  My carmel highlights were bright red and my hair was uneven in places. Like there were 10 strands that were like an inch longer and even in pony tail could see it. I called company they said come back and same person who messed it up would "try to fix it ". I was also angry bc I asked for a trim of an inch or two amd the girl took my pony tail and cut like 6 in off before we even colored or started. She said she didnt want to waste her product. I refused to go back to the same stylist and they refused to let me see someone else. I eventually went through groupon and got a refund.   Seriously steer clear. I should have left when the stylist said she tried to dye her own hair purple and instead turned out grey. She then had to die bluish to get grey color out. Yes she was at a nice "upscale" salon with short blueish purple  hair.
5	Such a cute little place! They even has Halloween decorations which made it even more fun. Ashley was fabulous and listened to what I wanted and did even better than I asked! Definitely will be coming back :)
5	I used a Groupon for my hair cut and Lexi did an awesome job on my hair and got me in and out in the time I needed.  Very profession.  The salon is also beautifully and colorfully decorated and I loved it.Totally awesome experience.  I felt so pretty when I left.
