5	I see Stephanie at Cirrus Salon.  She's great and really listens to what you want.  I have very curly hair and am often afraid to try a new stylist.  Stephanie is as nice as it gets and she's a talented stylist.
5	Lindsey rocks and made my hair cute again. I was afraid I'd never have a hair stylist again that I could just be comfy and chat with after moving down there but she's awesome!
5	I "inherited" a gift certificate & I know the majority of stylists there personally, so this was a win-win.Josh (co-owner) cut my hair today & did a fabulous job. He was very meticulous, which I really liked.  He chats just the right amount - doesn't go overboard. He's patient & takes time to listen to your thoughts & wants. All the products he used on my hair smelled SO good!  And he didn't push off any product on me to buy. (yay!)The salon is clean, plays good music, is very bright & inviting. It has a mix of "zen" & IKEA-like furnishings.  Prices are extremely reasonable for Charlotte.Their hours are a bit unique, so keep that in mind when making an appointment.
5	I love Cirrus-  their products are great and Stephanie always does an AWESOME job on my hair-  and I have curly hair (not so easy for hair stylists to cut well).  Also, what I like about her is she is really personable, but also will tell you the truth.  If your hair won't look good all chopped off,  she will say that might not be the best option.  I love that.
5	These people know what they are doing. Stephanie has always given me a perfect cut. Every time I come in I say surprise me, and she does just that. It's a small place that is very laid back. If you need a cut/style/update/whatever. Come check it out. You won't be disappointed. Or I'll pay for your cut. Promise.
5	Here's the thing.... I'm not one for going to a salon to get my hair cut. I rebel and decide to cut my own from time to time, but cirrus is amazing. Namely, Stephanie Cook (Genter) is the best stylist I've ever met. A great friend and wonderfully talented hair stylist. She knows how to cut my hair without even asking how I'd like it. For someone who doesn't like hairStyling much, she makes it a breeze. Call ahead and book an appointment. Jeremy is an awesome receptionist and super helpful. He makes sure you get your appointment right and follows up the day before. Definitely a great haircut for the price.
5	To add to my previous review, Josh, owner of Cirrus, does a fantastic job as well. Got my ears lowered by him the past two times and have been happy as a clam with my doo. Also, he looks like Brad Pitt. Let him know that you share the same sentiment and you're in like a dirty shirt. Friends forever.As always, best and only place I'll get my haircut in town.
5	When you can walk into a place and ask, "Do you feel creative today?" and your stylist virtually squeals with delight, you've found the right salon. For me, that's Cirrus. I haven't been happy with a stylist since living in Georgia 5 years ago, and when the Mr gave me a gift certificate to Cirrus for my birthday gift last year, all that changed.Stephanie and Jessica are the stylists I've had the pleasure of working with, and they're both talented and lovely. Recently I went from a shoulder-length style to a modified pixie, and in around an hour, my hair was transformed. I'm always thrilled when I walk out of Cirrus, and I have people ask me all the time where I have my hair done. I have recommended that several friends and acquaintances try Cirrus and they're always just as happy as I am.For the talent there, you'll be surprised at how low the prices are. At least I was. They also rock the men's cuts for the Mr, which is nice. He always looks dapper after a fresh cut. :)
5	The very best hair salon! I have been coming here for 5 years now and absolutely love it. Josh, the owner, is the best!!!!!!
