4	We go to this park every. single. day. It's not a dog park, but we take our dog, Olive, to sit and sniff in the grass.  Boy does she love the grass here.  She sniffs it, eats it, rolls around in it.  All you have to say is, "Wanna go to the park?" and she goes hog wild crazy.  This place is her ultimate joy.It is a huge, ample grassy park with hills.  The grass is phenominal here.  Really soft and there are no dead spots.  There are few trees, but you can always find some sort of shade.  I really enjoy coming here because I find it nicer and cleaner than the other parks around this same area.But I have to deduct one star for my own selfish, personal reasons that just annoy me.  Sometimes, it gets too crowded...with people and/or other dogs.  Sometimes when we come, there will be a baseball game on the baseball field, and then 2 lacrosse teams practicing, AND a soccer team all using the grassy field.  There are so many people that it's hard to let our dog enjoy her grass because we are stuck in a corner.  Also, there have been as many as 18 - 20 dogs at the park at the same time.  Yes, yes, I realize that I bring my dog here, too...but listen, just because I have a dog and YOU have a dog doesn't mean I want you to let your dog off the leash and come charging at my dog.  We don't have to be best friends just because you also have a dog.  18 dogs is too many, and my dog gets nervous and starts growling and nipping, and then we have to leave early.  Also, lately, there has been a group of teens smoking pot up by the bathrooms.  And that pot is potent because the wind carries it all around the park.  I hope it doesn't turn into a stoner park and get ruined by their stupid choices.
3	Nice park but people really need to pick up their dog poop. I have a dog and I clean up after her. I don't understand how pet owners can be that irresponsible.
3	Nice, comfortable grassy park with plenty of parking. I agree with another review that people need to pick up their dog poop. I will also add there's a leash law and I don't care how well behaved you think your dog is or how tiny it is, the leash law is in place to protect your animal and others.  Be considerate and keep them leashed and pick up after them.
5	Oxford park is a wonderful place to take a pet. It us also a great place to get some swings in on the baseball field. My friends and I go here a lot, as it is one of our favorite places to chill at.
