5	I'm always nervous about finding a dentist when I move to a new city, but when I moved to Phoenix, I was lucky enough to know someone here who loved her dentist, Dr. Beischel. I went in today for a consultation and seriously, everyone at this office is amazing. Lois, the front-desk person (is receptionist an acceptable term these days?), is one of those super-charming old ladies who prides herself on recognizing patients who only come in once a year. I don't remember the dental hygienist's name, but she was German and also awesome. But Dr. Beischel! This guy is top-notch! He's great-looking, first of all, which is a great feature for someone who spends the whole appointment about 3 inches from your face. He is green-eyed, as am I, so he also gets bonus points there. He's also genuinely funny (not just I-tell-the-same-jokes-all-day funny) and just nice as hell. He even complimented the work of my pediatric orthodontist (yay, Dr. Reynolds!). So, go see Dr. Beischel! He will take good care of your teeth, and charm you half to death in the process. Seriously. You'll get lost in his eyes.ETA: I had two cavities filled by Dr. Beischel on Monday, and it was an entirely pleasant experience. I was in and out in like 45 minutes, and they even called me on Wednesday to make sure everything was feeling okay. I love these guys.
4	I found this dentist on yelp and was very happy with my experience. I was scheduled for an appointment first thing in the morning before work. For your first appointment the entire staff really takes a long time to go over everything with you so set aside 2-3 hours. They also don't usually do a cleaning on the first visit, so if you want that, then make sure you let them know. Overall I was happy with my experience and will be back.
1	Do not use this dental office, unless you want to be overcharged. Their prices are higher than most dental offices in town. Not only are their prices higher...they give their patients skewed approximations of what insurance will cover and what the patient will have to pay. Also the office will try and upsell you left and right on many additional features that are unnecessary. They also try and spread out the visits to receive more payments from insurance companies as well. One day x-rays. Next week cleaning. Despite the higher prices, I had a couple of cavities taken care of at this office because the staff seemed nice and professional, and two weeks after my cavities were fixed, I received a call from the office staff telling me I owed over $600 in additional to the $400+ I had already paid. Their estimate was approximately 70% off of what they had originally stated insurance would cover. What BS. I've heard of estimates being a little off, but not by over 70%. If you are looking for a dentist, find another. There are many high quality dentists in Scottsdale. AVOID THIS OFFICE.
