5	I've been dealing with heel sore pain for over a YEAR!! I googled my foot pain and found what the problem is. There are many so called remedies for heel sore... cortizone injections, surgery, soaking in cold water, rolling your foot on a golf ball etc. All of them are temporary pain relief methods. None of them are long term and do not FIX the problem. Believe me when I got out of bed in the morning and could barely put my foot on the floor, I needed a solution, not a temporary pain relief. My biggest issue is that I want to start exercising and with heel sore the more you walk (or jog/run), the worse the pain is AFTERWARDS. So I googled again and found someone recommended this store called good feet. They had a store about 5 miles from my apt so I went there with my teenage daughter. They were very nice and we sat down and discussed my pain. They show you why heel sores occur and while they're not doctors, they might as well be as they _really_ know their stuff. I always thought heel sore was a bone issue in the foot, it's not, it's a muscle issue and how you take each and every step affects the muscle and they show you how! They are really incredible.They fit you for an insole for your shoe and show you exactly which one is right for YOUR feet. There is no small, medium or large. It's based on your YOUR feet. They also discuss shoes and they showed how most shoes do not support your feet. In fact the shoes I wore into the store were a joke. If you can take your shoe and bend it in half like a piece of paper, they you need better shoes. They sell a small variety of shoes but there's not a single shoe they sell that you can bend. It's like there's a steel rod in them.The insoles are NOT cheap but considering they are going to HEAL my HEEL PAIN and I'm going to be able to exercise without being in pain or having pain afterwards, to me what good feet offers is PRICELESS.
4	I came here some years ago because I wanted to find about the source of my foot pain. The salesperson has you take off your shoes and socks and you step onto a tissue type paper, to determine what kind of arches you have. I learned that I have high arches which requires special support. There are flat arches, high arches, and normal arches. A demo was done to show how different it feels with the correct amount of support- bending your knees, etc. Yeah, it seems funny, but the other customers in there are doing the same thing, too. There are numerous chairs in the store. There are also tv's playing videos of the products and the product creator/store owner. So, I was given three choices- arch supports for $100, $150, or $200. I chose the middle one. Yeah, it was pricey but my feet and general health are important to me. I think I also decided to stop wearing cheap shoes and chose Aerosoles as my primary shoe brand (but recently like Clarks too). The supports stay in with velcro, which work for a while, on most closed toe shoes. It cracked over time with use, and I came back with my original receipt (called first- had to be within the first year) and they were replaced at no extra charge- nice guarantee (the salesperson was nice about it, didn't get a rude vibe at all). They've held up pretty well (the replacement pair). The only downside, is I can't use them with every type of shoes like open- toed shoes, usually what I wear during the summer. At the time, this was the original store and have since opened two other locations, one in Summerlin and one in Henderson. Yes, there are supports available at a cheaper price ($10-$20) at Wal-Mart, but this is one of the things to not scrimp on- but that's just my opinion (just like you come to find out that not all generic brands perform well, sometimes the brand names are superior). I wear my supports quite frequently in the fall, spring, and winter, so it was definitely a good purchase for me.
2	I got myt first pair of orthotics with this place back in 2001. Back then, I felt like a valued client, and they almost had me believe that they were foot specialists or podiatrists. I paid a little over $100 for two pairs.However, I visited the same location yesterday and explained that I could not find my inserts so I bought the shoes instead paying $600 for what I had purchased once a long time ago. Yet the shoes were still $130.00. I specifically asked for slip-resistant shoes and felt like being at a roller rink passing through the kitchen. I returned this morning, and the male attendant with a feux hawk decided to quote manufacturer's words to me when I tried to return the shoes, or exchange them within 2 sentences of our conversation.So if it wasn't for their overpriced and prescribed inserts not from someone who has a degree in sports medicine, it would be for the careless treatment I received that I am submitting a low but generous score to the only surviving location in Clark County.I should add that female that I initially bought products from yesterday, was polite but said that their products would last 5 to 8 months at best, which is piss poor for $130.00.
5	Thank you to the Good Feet store for treating my chronic foot, leg, and lower back pain. Not only was I able to reduce all my pain in those areas, but I feel more energetic and happy that I have found a solution for these chronic problems. I cannot go back to work without these (and I work a job that requires me to be on my feet all day). I have the Culinary Insurance so I was able to drop the price of the treatments from over 400 dollars to just over 80 including tax. The sales people are very knowledgeable and accommodating. If you have chronic foot, ankle, knee, or back pain, I would recommend checking this place out, it's well worth it!
2	Ok I went to good feet about 8 years ago.  I knew I was going to pay some money, but, at time I was doing cocktails and if I didn't get something to help my feet, I was going to have to quit!!! I was miserable!!!  After spending 400, I got shoes and the inserts it was like night and day!!  I felt so much better!!!   This time I went, the only location was Sahara.  I told the girl exactly what I wanted, knowing how much they were going to be,  Birdie was the girls name, she was really sweet, she wanted to go through everything again.  She brought out the 3 system that works together,  I knew it would be a lot, but I was shocked when she told me that it would be 830 without the shoes, but since I was a returning customer, she could give me twenty percent off which would bring it to 640???  This is without the shoes, which were &179!!!  When I told her I just wanted the one pair she told me they had care credit and in house financing.  She told me that the 1 pair was $150 and that she would have to check to see if they even had my size!!   She seemed disappointed that I didn't get the whole deal, but, I was not looking to spend a thousand bucks on my feet with the shoes...  The part thAt kinda ticked me off was that the shoes were 179 and she charged me 180,  no huge desk, but a dollar is a dollar, then I had to pay 30 bucks for the cushion that goes in the shoe(they don't tell you thAt)  so everything together was 398!!!   No wander its been so long since I been back!!!!  But I got my shoes and my feet are happy, so that's all that matters!!!!
1	Paul the general manager is an ass. My husband was interested in the orthotics, and went in, he was approached by a female associate who was told by Paul to go ahead and go in the back room and wait for the next customer that he did not believe my husband was going to buy.  He was a high pressure jerk who kept asking how much is your health worth?  I told him obviously it's worth a lot but I'm not sure we want to spend $300 on a product that has terrible reviews online,  And is not backed by the company that makes them with a warranty!!?!
3	The BF has been on the search for foot solutions since he's really noticed the toll on his feet in his new job. There's not much reviews around on orthopedic solutions so we just decided to go to stores and ended up here based on proximity.Now the sales person was very nice, even offered us some water and went through explaining about the foot and asking a lot of questions on the BFs feet and pain. He went through a ton of demonstrations so you can see the feeling.... Basically stuff to reiterate that a good insole will balance out your foot. They do a 3 step system here, not just "insoles" and there's a few shoes, but not many or at least not on display. So the step system is the 1st insole is used to exercise your foot and place it where it is "correct" with the 4 arches and once your feet is on it you switch. The 2nd insole is more like the main insole to wear the rest of the on your feet day. Then there's a 3rd recommended for a heavy walker that is a relaxer insole meant to be worn towards the end of the day or around the house. In theory, this kinda makes sense but I guess I want to look and see if there's any science on the "exercising" and "relaxing" any long term help like claimed or if it just helps prevent fatigue based on switching up. A bit of a pain to switch up throughout your day, but if it works it works I guess. Now the kicker though is for this system it was $980 something. Sure lifetime warranty, sure promise of comfort but damn dude. I don't bat a eye to worth it things but the fact that there is a break in period and just that feet are individual you never know if it's money spent well. I mean I've gotten some fancy orthopedic before that plain hurt and never broke in, but my cheapie $30 insert from a foot store was the best thing I've had (and sadly got lost?) so you see what I mean about individuality. Even so, this system while invented by a doctor, doesn't really have a study backing or anything to the product to justify the cost of 3 plastic pieces. To cut cost, if you work for MGM I guess they get discounts and some people in culinary have insurance for stuff like this? I guess you could also buy the 1st two which is what you'll wear all the time. Hard to rate...it could work well, but is it a worth a grand product? I dunno. For certain people it can very well be. For now the BF passed on it so that we can go to all the foot solution stores and see what else there is.
2	So, I got a bill in the mail saying that my Culinary Insurance wouldn't approve the inserts. Culinary Insurance does not cover inserts at the Good Feet Store starting on Jan, 1st 2013, buyer's beware!!!! Currently fighting the bill due to authorization issues and so forth. Lot's of headaches going through this process. Go see a quality podiatrist instead and get insoles from them. It's the same stuff, plus the Culinary Insurance will accept it.
2	I had heard good things about  the Good Feet system but it did not work for me. I tried it for a month and  the plantar fasciitis  pain still persisted. After I quit using it my foot has gradually gotten better. I have no idea why two insoles would be so ridiculously expensive!  Also, the man that sold to me said he would call back again in two or three weeks... Never did. Quite disappointed!
5	To begin with I've been working on my feet for 14 years straight, so I definitely need a lot of help with my feet, knees, and lower back. I have spent thousands of dollars on inserts and shoes that didn't work out or are too uncomfortable to wear. That's where Good Feet comes into play. I was helped by Malakai, who figured out I have extremely high arches (years of ballet do that to you), so no matter what I wore I never had the support I needed. He was great, very knowledgeable, patient with all my dumb questions helped me even get small narrow ones so I can wear  my heels and be comfortable. He explained everything, was super nice super attentive, and a pretty funny guy too, overall superb customer service, Malakai alone gets 5 stars.As far as the product I don't know what other reviewers were complaining about but let me just say first and foremost after working a 10 hour day MY FEET DON'T HURT! When I come home from work I used to dread walking my dog, now I have an extra bounce and pep in my step! I kid you not! Knee problems? Gone,I swear to God, it's like I never ever had problems with my knees. My back is still problematic but I have to say I have more awareness of my posture and how to hold my body since I've been using good feet. Overall I feel less fatigued, it's amazing actually! For those of you that had bad reviews maybe you didn't see someone that knew what they were doing, go and ask for Malakai, he knows how to fit you properly, so you can have some amazing feeling feet. Shoes are not meant to be worn off the rack you need to get them "tailored" for your feet with the proper support and inserts.
