2	Well there is no food, beer, music, or anything else for that matter here.  Its the health office.  This is where you come to pay $50 to watch an hour long movie about washing your hands where they give you a quiz, but after the movie the instructor gives you all the answers allowing any average joe to come get their health card.  Get here at least an hour early before the scheduled movie time.  The waiting is ridiculous, but hey thats how government works.  Inefficient as possible.
4	I came to the SNHD for several reasons recently... immunizations for law school, and an, ahem, lady exam.  As an uninsured woman, I really have no choice but to come to this clinic rather than visiting my own doctor.  Due to a preexistent condition, I can't find affordable health coverage at the moment and this is much more cost-effective.  THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG WITH LIVING IN A COUNTRY THAT DOESN'T PROVIDE AFFORDABLE CARE TO ITS CITIZENS.  Off my soapbox now.Anyway, I had to visit the SNHD three different times to take care of all my stuff, and it was a pretty painless process.  I had to wait a looooong time to get my immunizations and TB test, which accounts for the lost star... I expected it, but I'm talking about almost three hours, and it wasn't THAT busy.  That's a LONG wait.My female exam (a separate visit) went much more smoothly.  I felt very comfortable in their hands.  The examination room was sanitary, and the staff was very friendly and informative.  They base your payment on your income level, which made the bill much more affordable than a regular doctor visit.  Also, if for some reason you can't pay, they will still take care of you and give you the services you need.  It's nice to know that this program is in place for women who really need it - I know some people who can't afford to get regular preventative care otherwise.
3	Went in with my daughter on the Saturday before Christmas and there were only a few people in sight. My daughter was getting a food handlers card. The staff were in great spirits and very helpful. The front are was run by a man, who appeared to be older than Moses but he was able to point us in the right direction. My only complaint about this facility was the confusing signage. It was difficult to figure out where to go to do what you needed to do.
5	The security guard from April 3rd at noon is a complete jerk.  The women on staff are all extremely nice and make you feel comfortable.   I got my appt the next day and the wait time wasn't awful.
1	The Southern Nevada Health District (abbreviated SNHD) of Henderson is both an inconvenient tax and Communism in the shadows of the Las Vegas Strip. It is a gloomy place where there is no beverage allowed, no cell phone allowed, no respect from the employees (at least that I interacted with), and after reading this review: no stars!An inconvenient tax:  From my perspective,  the food handler safety card online course is an inconvenient tax. Another example of the Government nickel and diming the workers that abide by the laws. Seriously, does the SNHD need to force somebody to waste hours of their time and $40 excluding the late fee they are quick to add to learn that you need to wash your hands for 15 seconds prior to using a paper towel to open the door, you don't put a chicken over a tray of cupcakes, you need to wash a thermometer after dropping it, and so on? The answer is ,"No." This is common sense  information that the employer could reiterate to the employee through training, signing, and even a pamphlet. And if you want to nickel and dime workers, at least give the option of a real instructor teaching this material. Not everybody is computer savvy. Communism in the shadows of the Las Vegas Strip:   When I entered the gloomy indoor space of the SNHD, a badly qualified, resentful security guard and old troll (yes there are real trolls offline) greeted me with coldness. The security guard quickly initiated me to all the prohibitions of the SNHD. He told me that no soda is allowed but I could leave it in my car. It was cool outside and I'll bring it to my car. Keep in mind at this time, I am the only non employee here and I'm standing at the entrance. However the resentful security guard made me go out of my way to the exit. I could see the pleasure in his face by having the power to make somebody walk out of the way.   Further into the waiting rooms of Communism, I filled out an application under another security guard's eyes. I shouldn't complain that one counter was open. It is my understanding there was for awhile one SNHD office processing cards. When I was waiting, I was thinking, "why no beverages or cell phones allowed? "   Misery seems contagious here. Too bad SNHD doesn't give shots to stop misery. The woman who processed my card, kind of talked down to me when I asked with a Bob Newhart cool tone, "So the $15 is for being a day late?" This brings up another issue. If many people work mornings and mid shift, "why do SNHD offices at the latest close at 5:30?"  In this miserable place, the simplest thing is a process. Even picture taking. The woman who processed my card takes pictures of people all day long. So, do you need me to stand up to see if my chair is against the wall of the cubicle?  And then when I parted with $35 (paid $20 with c.c. for online course), it was a process for the cashier to present me with $5 change.Conclusion:  This SNHD office is repulsive. The disdain that the  employees I interacted with showed toward myself and the public nauseated me. So, using the analogy that I am working on a painting of a nighttime sky called SNHD, I'd give it zero stars and a full moon.
3	Came here for a typhoid vaccination for travel today. It was easy to find and get to. It's set up exactly like the DMV, except a lot less crowded - blue cubicles, take a number, wait, etc. It's clean, but very gloomy / fluorescent / typical government building. I was in an out of there in 30 minutes. Girl at the counter: friendly,  nice. Nurse Vickie: super nice and friendly! Chit chatty, informative, and yet still efficient. Cashier Erin: also friendly and helpful. So, why the mediocre review, you say? The GOD AWFUL security guard. He is on such a little power trip and is so uninformed that he should not be the first person people interact with when they arrive. He is also so overweight that I cannot imagine him stopping ANYONE from causing mischief if they wanted to. The story....(fresh and still annoyed)I come in - "Hi, do you need some help?" (so far, so good)"Yes, I'm here for a typhoid vaccine" "OK, you need to fill out the white form" (points to the wall) "OK" (I start heading over to the wall) "We don't allow food and drink in here" (couldn't have told me that before I started walking over to the wall?)"OK" (I start heading out)"You need to use the exit door" (points to other side of the building)At this point, I'm still game. Rules are rules, whatever. Maybe they have a security camera that points a certain way and need to have the same number of people entering as exiting or something. Going to give him the benefit of the doubt. Guy's just doing his job. I come back in, take a look at the "Check in starts here" table which has the same forms I saw I needed online with clipboards and pens. "Are these the right forms?""No, you need the one on the wall."I walk over to the wall. The forms on the wall (no clipboards, no pens) are exactly the same as the ones on the table. The white forms clearly are labeled 'Childhood vaccines (under 18 years old).'"Are you sure you don't mean the blue one?" (The blue forms are labeled "travel vaccines")"No, the white one."OK, whatever, maybe they only use the white form now or something. I take my number, fill out the form, sit down and fill it out. I get called very promptly and am helped by the friendly girl at the counter, who informs me I needed to fill out the BLUE form. I KNEW IT! So maybe the guy didn't know what a typhoid vaccine was for. He could have asked, "what is your vaccine for again?" I swear, he gets off on making people's lives just a little more difficult. It's like he's a supervillain - Inconvenience Man.
