3	Its your average Buffalo Wild Wings.  Plenty of tv's, pretty good wings, and a decent tap list.  I honestly wasn't impressed, but they just opened so I'll give them that extra star.  Especially since the only other wing place around is East Coast WIngs and they aren't anything special either.We were seated quickly on a Sunday right at 1pm.  Since there were only 2 of us they tried to put us on the sides or next to the wait station in the dining room at some very small tables.  We decided to go to the bar instead.  We were greeted quickly and told the specials.  Our waitress, Ashley, was pleasant, bubbly, and quite attentive.We asked about specific recommendations on beers and I don't know if she knew the beer list that well as 2 of the best IPA's around were on tap and neither were mentioned when I asked about IPA's.  Lagunitas and Southern Tier are great.  Not knowing that, I ordered a Sweetwater 420.  Something wasn't right with it, so she poured me another one.  My counterpart ordered a bloody Mary that was horrible.  Tasted like V8 and nothing else.  Was supposed to be "wild"?  No spice, very little vodka.  We also ordered the tailgate sampler.  Great sampler per dollar.  4 wings, stuffed jalapeno's, pretzels, and pita points with artichoke dip.  I probably should have ordered more wings but otherwise no complaints.It wasn't a bad experience, it just wasn't all that.  This place should do fine as a family style restaurant but doesn't seem to have the energy of a sports bar.  I'll be back again and again until something more legit comes to the Northlake area.
4	Good wings are hard to find in this area, but finally we have a real wing spot in the Northlake area and Tuesday and Thursday are .60 wing days....my favorite days to order takeout:-).  I usually stick to lemon pepper and they are perfectly done here but I  also love jammin jalapeno, asian zing, and spicy garlic.  I've only done take out here which is very quick and the staff is friendly and always recommend their favorites.
5	I went to watch the Panthers MNF game and although they were extremely packed, the entire crew had everything under control.   I waited less then they originally quoted which was nice.   Their prices are on the high side of fair.  Same pricing as Fox and Hound, similar food too.
4	Service was good, food was good.  Cheese curds were a great choice to start with.  All the staff was very friendly from the moment we arrived to the moment we left.
1	Okay now I am mad.  I did not review this place when it first opened, because my first experience was horrible and I felt bad because they just opened.  I did not review it the second time because it was busy and I felt bad.  I am reviewing it now because I ordered a small to go order FOR THE SUPER BOWL (a event that a wing place opened for several months now should have been more than prepared for) is STILL NOT READY.  I ordered at 6:20p.  The young lady on the phone told me no problem, it will be done in an hour.  I was ok with this wait.  My boyfriend left at 7:20 to pick up the food (5 min from my apartment) and is still there waiting.  Why? Because they felt that they shouldn't put the order in until the guest arrived for their pick up??? Let me get this straight. Ordered an hour before pick up.  Order not put in until 7:30.  Its now 9pm and I still have no clue why my small order of wings are not ready. Our Super Bowl night is ruined.  You had ONE JOB Buffalo Wild Wings.  No wonder why everyone hates this location.  Your management stinks.  If I could give this place 0 stars I would. Oh, and the first two times I ate here I sat at the bar.  My food was 40 minutes late because they served it to someone else both times. No one knew how this could have possibly happened.
4	Decided to go here after a movie . Even though it was crowded, we only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. We had the dry seasoned lemon pepper , salt and vinegar and barbecue and the spicy garlic wings. The waitress , Kelly suggested that we try their specialty "grand slam" beer to go with the wings. I must say that I was impressed. My only suggestion would be to add more seasoning! Oh and ask for Kelly !
3	Needed to get out of the house Saturday afternoon.  Mild case of cabin fever after the big snow event over the last few days.  This is a very new location near Northlake Mall and I had yet to try it so away I went.  Stopped in for a few beers, wings, and a basketball game on TV.  NC was playing so the place was pretty busy.   Typical BWW in every way which is to say solid but nothing award winning.  Wings were tasty, beer was cold, service at the bar was fine.  I had experience I wanted and expected so A-OK.
3	I'm a big B-Dubbs fan, since back in college. And I continue to frequent this one even though my review isn't superb. The design of the place isn't bad, except for the bathrooms being right by the front door, past the hostess stand. I don't need a "thanks, have a nice night" when I go to pee everytime. I generally go on the wing special nights, Tuesday and Thursday. Not normally very busy, but on several occasions I've waited 10 or more minutes to have someone take my drink order. Once the girl took the order, then disappeared. Another server took over and seemed confused as to what happened to her. Food has been good, can't really mess up Wings. Well, you can, but they haven't. Drink specials leave alot to be desired. 5 bucks for a Budweiser isn't a deal. Hopefully in time they will improve, it is a new location, but the time for growing pains to be over is now.
2	This was my first time eating at a Buffalo Wild Wings, and since this location was under a year old, I figured I'd kill two birds with one stone and give it a shot.  We (a group of 5: 3 adults and 2 kids) arrived at just after 7pm.  The restaurant was busy, but definitely not full, as we were seated right away and there were several other tables empty in our section.  Our server took our drink order and then answered a few questions about the kids menu.My sister ordered wings - oriental something and curry something, while her husband had a buffalo chicken sandwich.  I had a grilled chicken salad with their own ranch dressing, and the kids had corn dog bites.The Good:  My salad was good.  Can't really complain about that.  The chicken sandwich was good as well.The Not-So-Good:  The wings were REALLY spicy.  My brother in law basically has hot sauce in his veins and HE said it was overly spicy!  Also, a side of celery and carrots came out with the wings...3 sticks of carrots and 2 of celery.  The celery was very pale and one honestly looked like a filet of a bigger piece.  I would struggle to call it an actual celery stick.The BAD:  Service.  Like I said, the restaurant was NOT full.  It was busy, but not full.  Our order took OVER 40 minutes to get to our table.  I played 3 full games of Texas Holdem on their little computer table thing to kill time and the food still was not there.  Even worse, we were never given any updates.  Our waitress pretty much just left us alone.  My sister finally asked ANOTHER waitress to get our waitress so we could see when we were finally going to eat.  The waitress never came, but the one she asked gave us an update and the food arrived about 5 minutes later.Second, our waitress, was not what I would call a "in a good mood" girl that night, and it showed.  While polite, she just did not have a friendly demeanor.  She did her job, but that's what it seemed like she was doing.  It was very impersonal, and the fact she didn't bother to notice we sat there for 40 minutes with no food and never offered any kind of explanation (the kitchen is backed up, or offered to check on what's the hold up), I really cannot give the service a good review.For a dinner that should have been done within 45 minutes total, it took WAY too long on a night that was not extremely busy by restaurant standards.  I am honestly in no rush to go back to Buffalo Wild Wings any time soon.
1	So.. I've been here twice.. One in the early afternoon and one at night around 9pm.. Both horrible experiences.. It was so bad, I had to email their corporate office.. Our original waitress went missing the whole time and I had to get up to tell them we needed more drinks and sauces.. THE WHOLE TIME.. Then the hostess handed us out checks and was surprised when we told her to keep the $20 change.. I'm not surprised because their attitudes were horrible and not worth being in service industry dealing with humans, so I guess that's why they've probably never had a $20 tip. I would rate the food a 4... But how can we enjoy our food when we feel uncomfortable around the servers.. That's why this place only gets a 1 star.
4	We were looking for somewhere quick to grab something to eat and we arrived before the dinner rush.  I love the Asian Zing wings but I wish they had just a touch more heat.  I will make that happen on my next visit.  Service was swift but we had the usual wait for the wings and sliders we ordered. It's always great to watch the myriad televisions available so that we can keep up with all of the sporting news esp. in the NFL this week.  The little one ordered the mild wings but we had to send them back for plain wings because the mild had a wee too much heat for a 7-year old (lesson learned).  All in all, it was a good dinner and I look forward to returning for more wings!
1	Let me start off with a thank you. Thank you to our server Bruce. He was great and very welcoming... Thank you, Bruce. Anyway.. Again, thank you BWW of Northlake, you never fail on giving us horrible experiences. This evening, me and my boyfriend decided to grab a late dinner after work.. I've only had bad experiences here so he's had to convince me to try again.. Which I did. Not a good idea. I went the prior Tuesday and ordered a Long Island with Midori... Today, our server was telling us that it's not gonna happen, and as I was saying, okay no problem.. The bartender comes up to us and interrupts Bruce and says, 'it's illegal to serve more than 2oz of liquor in a drink. I can give you a shot of Midori and you can mix it yourself... Which is fine, but why couldn't you just go out of your way for two seconds and just split the liquor where Midori could just fit within the 2oz. Anyway, I didn't appreciate her attitude.. Apparently, I was not the only one this evening because there was a verbal altercation between her and a bar customer. She had put her finger in his face to tell him hold on, which was rude and he didn't appreciate that at all. She didn't handle that well at all.. Neither did the manager. Bad experience. I also have a video of it because it was interesting and I want everyone to know that if you can't handle a bad customer, you shouldn't be a bartender nor in customer service.
1	I went here with some people from work for lunch. I was very Excited for the $.60 wings that were happening every Tuesday. I rather enjoy bone in wings. When we got there is ordered we were toldthat blue cheese would be extra. She told us that, because we were getting the $.60 wing deal, that all sauces such as blue cheese or ranch would be an additional $.60 per sauce. I was very upset about that, and I wanted to leave then. Unfortunately, the people I was there with wanted to eat Buffalo wild wing that day. Checking the price the $.60 wings deal was too good to pass up, so I decided to stay and eat. When the wings came out, they were very well cooked which is how I like them.I noticed that the sauce didn't cover the wings all the way. It appeared that they had toss the wings and the sauce but didn't have enough sauce to completely cover the wings. When you order buffalo wings with the sauce you expect there to be sauce all over the wings and not just on half of it. At this point, I was getting a little upset about the need to pay $.60 for my blue cheese when I had wings I didn't have enough sauce. It strongly appear that they were trying to cover the cost of having a $.60 wings special by adding the cost to the customer and the difference by making them pay for blue cheese or ranch. I am never again coming to this location for the $.60 wings special day ever again. You cannot offer a special to your client event bury, in the details, price is that the client needs to pay. What's next? A day when the wings are $.50 but water cost two dollars? Ridiculous!
2	It was food, that's the best I can say. The restaurant had a funky smell my wife described as "like a day care center". The service was OK but the food was blah and I doubt we'll be back.
1	I never write reviews but this one IS THE WORST BWW we have ever been too!!! The service is AWFUL!!! No respect, no professionalism what's so ever! The waitress OMG that waitress we had was so damn rude!!! We spoke with the manager Chris who was nice and asked us to give them another chance and also provided us with the DM phone number (Bob).  Well we decided to give them another chance (bad decision on our part) and what do you know the moment we sat down the waiter didn't even come greet us  so about 15 min later this other waitress took our table because he never came and went off on her right in front of us because he said he had enough tables and he WAS NOT going to help us!!!! To make matters worse we called the district manager left message and he never returned our call...explains the staff they hire if that's the type of upper management Buffalo Wild Wings hires!!! Never Again!!!
