5	This sandwich place is so good!  The ladies are always super friendly! They also have lots of vegetarian options.  The Veggie Deluxe is really good if you add pineapple and jalapenos!
3	Friendly staff.  My favorite sandwich is the chicken parm.  So good.
5	Love this deli!  Best salads, sandwiches and soups. At a very reasonable price too!
5	I work in a nearby office building so I have been eating here for the past 3 years at least once a week. The staff is always friendly and my order is always ready for me. My faves are the bacon breakfast burrito,the turkey cranberry and the chicken ceasar salad. I highly recommend Ladybug Cafe to anybody.
4	Super yummy and healthy for days I forget to pack my lunch. Their Asian chicken salad is my favorite and their broccoli soup is amazing!!
4	Stopped in here while working nearby on a business trip.  There is no signage to speak of so if you don't know where this place is, it will be hard to find.  It sits inside the 1st level of an office building complex.I opted for Teriyaki veggie bowl.  It was really good.  All the veggies were super fresh and cooked perfectly.  The person working the counter was so friendly.  If I'm ever in the area again, I will be stopping in.
5	I recently started working in an office building next to the Ladybug Cafe office. A few of my coworkers would occasionally eat at the cafe, so I tried it one day and fell in love. The owners are always very friendly and helpful and the menu is fairly diverse for a small office cafe.  There are several healthy and very tasty food options. I usually grab lunch there once a week. I tried the vegetable soup last week and it's pretty much the best vegetable soup I've ever had. A little bit spicy with a wide range of vegetables. I also always grab the fresh vegetables in the fridge to add as a side to my lunch.  If you're in the area, I suggest trying it. It's kind of out of the way, but I think it's better that way. Kind of like a hidden gem.
2	First time here. I ate the club wrap... lunch meat... hard to find... goofy music. (PS I did not go here recently.. this was old review from 2011 or 12)
5	This was a great little find! The staff were lovely and the menu is expansive, but full of great options. Our food was delicious and the portions were perfect for the price.
5	New favorite! Always trying to find something more than fast food chains, at a reasonable price in this area. The menu has many creative sandwiches, salads, and soups, along with rice bowls. The rice bowl had so many fresh ingredients and was the perfect portion for only $5.00 Highly recommended, needed a close spot to have a healthy lunch during work.
5	One of the best Hidden spots in Phx! Ladybug sub is one of my favorites, not to mention all the other goodies they sell. Staff is super friendly and keep the place very clean. Prices are moderate, but then again I believe there's no price high enough for good food.It maybe hard to find but definitely worth the try.
