4	Came here for their weekly Wednesday night run. So fun! The staff is awesome and completely accommodating. I was surprised the prices were not nearly as high as I thought they would be. They have a great selection of shoes and outfits. Can't wait to go back!
5	I had a great experience today at Sole Sports! Ryan was a super great help and was very patient as we tried five different shoes and recorded three stride sessions with different shoes. I found out I have a neutral pronation! In the 12 months I have been running (off and on) I never knew that! He helped me select on the perfect shoes for me based on my stride and comfort. I wish I had visited sooner!!!
4	So friendly here, both on the phone and in person! I asked for directions over the phone and they were so very helpful and you can almost hear the smile when they answered the phone. They're even more attentive in person! I didn't actually buy running gear today though. I just got a chance to check the place out when picking up a race packet for the Lifetime Turkey Race that takes place on Thanksgiving.There was a nice variety of running attire, convenient sized water packs (compact enough to carry on your back but not too bulky like most are), and of course, running "soles" or shoes. I will definitely return here as I become more serious with running. Then, I can put their running knowledge to the test, because I will definitely need some tips about getting prepared for doing a 1/2 marathon, and maybe a full one someday. Plus, I never seem to find the right type of shoes for my feet on my own. I could use an professional's advice on how my "feet fall" when I run.
4	I don't shop here often but have stopped in to pick up race packets from time to time and like how I'm always acknowledged and asked about my running and training. If I lived closer to one of their locations valley wide, I'm certain I'd become regular customer. For those of you that do, I highly recommend Sole Sports Running Zone. Cheers***
3	What a bummer this store was. The husband and I were willing and ready to drop some serious money on shoes and accessories for our family when we headed to Sole Sports. We had a coupon that we received at a run a few weeks back and thought we should take advantage of it. We researched the website and we were impressed with the information that we read. Upon entering the store we could tell that 3 of the individuals were employees. One woman and two men. To be fair the woman and one man were helping other customers, but one man was on a computer in the back. Typically in this small of a store they really should at least say hello when a customer enters however we received not even a nod in our direction to acknowledge our presence. I looked at my phone to check the time at this point. Five minutes later we still had not been acknowledged and I told my husband "You know I am about to drop a few hundred bucks on shoes here, it would be nice if somebody would say 'be with you in a minute' or something to that effect." We decided that it wasn't worth it at that point and took our business elsewhere.***Edited from a 2 to a 3 star on 05/01/2013 based solely on the owner's comment below.***        The owner reached out to me here and in a private message this morning asking us to come back so they could change our minds. I appreciate his sincere messages back to me and feel that they are worth another chance based on the other great reviews here. Hopefully our experience was isolated and simply a misunderstanding.
5	My husband and I visited the Glendale store on 6-6-13 for our first pair of running shoes and we were very impressed with this store!! We were immediately greeted by Micaela. She was extremely nice patient and very thorough as we asked a 101 ?? I learned so much from her. When it came time to try on shoes she was very patient with us as we must have tried on 10 pairs of shoes lol :) I never felt pressured  to buy anything which felt nice :) when we finally selected our shoes and were told the prices of them both she even told me she didn't bring out the top of the line shoes (most expensive) cuz she must have got my vibe that I was anxious about spending $100 + on a pair of running shoes and that made me like our experience even more. She wasnt trying to put me in the most expensive shoe knowing it can be overwhelming to newbies like us :) both my husbands and I's shoes were both $90 :) when we were leaving they invited us to on their group runs and made us feel welcomed. I could go on forever about how much I loved my very first running shoes purchase!! I would recommended this store to everyone!! ~Jennifer Foskette~ Goodyear Az
5	I stopped by this location a few weeks ago on a Sunday, about 15 minutes before closing time. I didn't think I would be long, I ended up leaving around 6:15pm. The employee there was so helpful and never once rushed me along. He was very knowledgeable about the different shoes and offered great advice. I would highly recommend them if you're in the market for new running shoes.
4	I decided I needed better walking shoes.  A few months ago I was talking with the branch manager of my bank who runs marathons and he said he bought his shoes here and after several pairs he was still happy with the shoes and the service.  When I walked in the place with packed with folks picking up packets for the race the next day.  Still I was greeted quickly and after some preliminary talk about what I was looking for Marcus took me back and brought out several pairs of shoes to try and based on my comments brought out a bunch more, some I tried twice.  After I had picked what I wanted they did not have my size in stock in the color scheme I wanted so he checked one of the other two stores inventory and had them sent over.  I expected that would take a few days so they were not making a special trip and I was good with that.  By the time I got home from grocery shopping I got a call they had already arrived from Tempe, seems the owner had a couple of other things to transfer and brought them over himself.  I went to pick them up the next day and Marcus was off.  I have been to stores where only the person you dealt with originally really knew what was going on.  Not here, within a minute of walking in the store I had my new shoes in my hand.  I just got back from my third 4 mile walk with these shoes and am still very happy with them.
5	I went to Sole Sports for a new pair of running shoes and was so impressed by the outstanding customer service.  Emmett spent about an hour with me analyzing what kind of shoes were best for me, explaining the different features of each shoe and their importance, and allowing me to run on the treadmill with each option.  He was extremely knowledgeable and I ended up with a great pair of shoes that work for me perfectly.  The price was the same as online retailers like Amazon and Zappos.
5	Great running/triathlon store for the West Valley!  I had a few minutes to kill before donating blood at United Blood Services right next door.  I recently bought a new pair of New Balance running shoes but figured I'd check this place out regardless, glad I did!Wonderful selection of higher end running shoes and accessories.  Brands like Newton, Mizuno, New Balance, even some Nikes.  They have a treadmill set up so they can correctly fit the ideal shoe to your running stride, right shoes = faster times, faster recovery, less irritation.They have one of the largest selection of Gels and Gu's I've seen in the valley, flavors I hadn't seen before-can't wait to slurp them down.What really sets them apart from the competition?  The staff.  Had a terrific conversation with them about running events, clubs, and training.  These aren't clerks that are Wal-Mart rejects, these are all serious (but friendly) runners.  This is a great place to go to get fitted correctly and gain some excellent insight into running.Now hit that timer on your watch and go for a personal best!
