3	Pretty much like the Old Town location, this NoSco Salty is crap food-wise.  Same menu, same sub-par eats.  Chips and salsa are about the only thing I can stomach here, but the drinks and happy hour are what people come for anyway.  Right off the 101 and Raintree, this North Scottsdale location is perfect for pre-partying before Maloney's on Shea or Sand Bar.  Dress is casual on any day and prices are reasonable always.
1	This was pretty damn close to the most disgusting meal I've ever been served.I made the mistake of coming here for brunch on a saturday morning with the wifey while being wallet-raped by Danny's Car Wash for an oil change (see review).   It was open and across the street and I'd heard about it, so I figured what the hell. Big mistake, this meal didn't help my mood.   The build your own omelette and bloody mary seemed great on paper.I didn't even care that I had a waitress-in-training that had absolutely no clue what was going on.  After all, I had time to kill.  I guess taking a piece of paper from a diner to the cook and bartender is difficult labor requiring highly skilled and specialized employees.But wait!  The bartender doesn't know how to make a mimosa?  A retarded monkey could make a mimosa.  In between flinging feces on the walls and picking fleas out of its hair.  That, at least, would have been entertaining.So I'm going over my omelette choices.  No green bell peppers?  For real?  A "mexican" joint with no green bell peppers?  I actually wrote it in, hoping that this was an egregious oversight by the menu-making committee and they did actually have them.  I finished selecting my omelette fixins, including "chorizo".  I received a plate with a pound of dog food and jalapeno peppers wrapped in an egg.  I'm positive not one morsel of this mystery meat was USDA approved for human consumption, let alone a massive pile of it.  And I'm positive jalapenos are not bell peppers.You know what?  In retrospect, this was the most disgusting meal I've ever been served.  Don't come here for food.
1	You would think in North Scottsdale, an honest person could leave their sunglasses on the table by accident, come back the next day they would have been saved by the waiter or the bus-boy. NOT AT SALTY'S. THEY ARE THIEVES! Not to mention the food is aweful, and the staff could care less about service.
3	I'm feeling bad about the reviews that came before mine, but my honest review is that this place is just 'meh.'I was there last night (which was a Tuesday) for a meeting - we had some drinks and I ordered dinner... service was decent; not great.  Food was the same - I had a bean burrito with a side of guac - it was fine.  Some of the others at the table took advantage of their 'dollar taco' menu.  I think it's part of happy hour that you can get your choice of chicken or steak tacos for 1 buck each - not bad!I didn't start with the chips and salsa because when I do that I can never stop, but from experience, i know their chips and salsa are pretty good.  Go for drinks, especially if you're craving Corona with some chips and salsa - the atmosphere is fine, and it works for small groups too.  It's a decent chain restaurant that is pretty consistent in giving you standard Mexican fare.  Go with just 'meh' expectations and you'll be fine.
3	Better than Old Town...that is for sure.  Bartenders were attentive...food was better.  And drinks were a-ok.  They have manicure Wednesdays, which is cool (if I could have a manicure) and Happy Hour prices are extremely reasonable.
3	Salty is "fine."  It's a good happy hour standby that my co-workers and I keep in rotation, due to the location, atmosphere, and great outdoor patio.  I rarely (if ever) order food there, but it's pretty hard to screw up a Corona and lime.  Service can be spotty but the laid-back vibe and good crowds make up for it.  It's just easy.
3	If you find yourself in Scottsdale and want a decent choice of margaritas, check this place out. The drink list alone was like a mini-encyclopedia of margaritas with all sorts of tequila and flavor options. The strawberry one (the Skinny Dip) was very tasty and not too sweet and the happy hour house margarita was decent too. In addition, the guac was just right and it came with a huge bowl of warm salty chips.  Can't say I've done a lot of comparisons around town, but I'd be up for tying out the Salty again if I'm in the area. The bonus is that that service was superfast and friendly.
2	The food is poor, but the margaritas are good, esp. at happy hour prices. A good place to spend time with a large group, but go for the drinks and eat somewhere else.
2	They have a great patio close to my work so we come here sometimes for happy hour. Don't waste your money on the food. It's horrible. And sometimes it seems near impossible getting the staff to get you chips and salsa and then to get refills. The only plus I can really think of it the patio.
3	Service for the sedated seasonal sorority seeking salivating shot takers...Open late with good table side guacomole and heaping chimichangas filled erroneously with 'shrooms not found in Mexico yet tasty somehow.  Our host was pleasant when she came to actually serve us but there was so little of that I do not want to get you excited about the service.  I think I am giving a 3 instead of a 2 because of the generally calming effect this late night find had on my aura on the night of my visit.  Or was that some sort of weird salty mermaid...?
1	Woah, UBER FAIL.FULL DISCLOSURE:  I was contacted by Salty management in response to my less than favorable review of their Old Town location.  I was offered a gift card as an "I'm sorry, try us again" ploy in exchange for more detailed information on my shitty experience.  Ok, sure, I like free stuff, send it.  Plus, it sounded like they were making changes and attempting to improve things there, so I didn't mind giving it another shot.  FOUR months later, I receive the $50 gift card.  Right away I was disappointed that the gift card was supposedly only good at the North Scottsdale location, 32miles each way from my house.  Whatever, 3 gallons of gas round-trip (approx $6.00), why not.First things first (and I like to start on a good note before the bloodshed) their wait-staff is fairly attractive, nice sort of emo-slut look... easy on the eyes.  Our waitress was pretty cute, friendly, bra exposed... nice.  Their $8.50 "Monthly Special Margarita" was actually very tasty and poured very well.  Not too sweet and very strong.  If this was the only place in town to get a good margarita, that would be one thing.... but it's not.Now let it rain blood.The lighting in this place was the first fail of the night... we had to move from our first booth because we both felt we were sitting under a spotlight.  Our second booth (a round one) was a little better since we weren't under a spotlight, but the lighting cast a shadow on our table (shadow caused by my body) so that I had to move my body to the right and hold the menu to the left of me to read anything.  So annoying.  FAIL.We ordered their $1.95 Unlimited Chips and Salsa.  The chips were soaked in oil and the bottom 3/4 of the basket was un-edible because they were crumbs!  Wait, did a "Mexican" place just charge me $1.95 for shitty chips and "ok" salsa?  Yup, they did.  FAIL.I ordered the Fajitas, half steak half chicken with corn tortillas.  The Fajitas were made in this tomato sauce, which at first I wasn't too thrilled about, but in all honesty, I'm super glad they did because if it wasn't for the tomato sauce, the dish would have had 0 taste.  The meats had no seasoning on them and tasted completely bland.  I actually considered using salt (I NEVER use salt, even at home, unless it's popcorn) to give it some amount of taste.  Thank god for the tomato sauce.  The corn tortillas can only be described as disgusting.  I was only given three tiny corn tortillas but only ate two of them.  I can't really describe what's wrong with them, but they are foul.  The Fajitas came with a plate of cheese, rice, sour cream, and shredded romaine lettuce (yeah).  The only thing on the accompanied plate I ate was the rice and it was COLD!  Not warm, not luke warm, COLD!  My dining partner's rice was cold also.  WTF?  Needless to say, the cold rice was the best part of the meal, seriously.  F A I L.My dining partner ordered this Chipotle Chicken Burrito which, believe it or not, lacked taste and was bland.  Yes, BLAND!!!  How is it possible that a burrito covered in cheese, injected with a Chipotle sauce is bland?  No clue, but these clowns pulled it off.  Unbelievable.  F A I L.Our bill came, $45.32.. I figured, "great, $50 on the gift card, $5 out of pocket, she gets a $10 tip, and I never have to think about this place again".  Wrong.  They wouldn't let us put the tip on the gift card, so I ended up with $5 left on the card and had to pay $10 out of pocket.  So $10 out of pocket + $6 to get there, I paid $16 bucks and 2 hours of my life to eat an incredibly SHITTY meal.  In retrospect I wish they never sent me the gift card and I had stayed home and ate left overs instead, spending the $16 on a bottle of Vodka and a can of Soda Water.  I don't even really understand, their food got WORSE!!!  Why would you send gift cards, encourage people to try your place again and actually make your food worse?  Am I in bizzaro world here?  Aren't you supposed to IMPROVE the food?  "Mexican" food is the easiest food in the world to make "decent", hell even [fill in blank]-abertos is better, Macayo's, Serrano's, El Torrito, you name it, it's better (even the Clarendon's now defunct Mexican spot was better).  I have to figure the ONLY reason people come here is for the patio and to drink.  But still... there are plenty of places to drink, why support such a lousy place?  Perhaps they rely on their patrons to either be drunk when they eat so they don't notice, or so drunk afterward they forget.  U B E R   F A I L ! !
2	Too greasy for me but the selections were very interesting.  Probably better for a happy hour than dinner or lunch.
1	I am very disappointed in this place.  I enjoyed going for Happy Hour because it is in the neighborhood, the beer is cold and they had the best salsa and chips around....The food has always been horrible so I never ordered food maybe the occasional fundido dip which is always awful!) WELL, when we got to the bar we noticed that they NO LONGER have the salsa...Instead of making it in the kitchen they have contracted out to some place to make the salsa.  It was terrible.  It tasted like a bland version of marinara.  So disappointing.  So I no longer have a reason to go to Salty's.
3	Great Place to eat for a quick lunch. Lunch specials are always good. Service can be a little slow at times if you have a pressing schedule and need to make it back to the office on time this may not be your best choice.It's also a nightlife party bar for the younger crowd in the evening with a full bar both inside and out.Not my favorite place to eat, but not too bad either.
3	The service is good and the salsa is tasty, but the food is just average.  It's also pretty noisy indoors, if you're looking to have a conversation.
1	Inattentive service.Food was so squalid that I literally wrote a narrative on the back of the receipt to give to chef about food preparation.Drinks are OK but terribly overpriced.Certainly a place to go on a friday night if you're looking to party, but I would HEAVILY suggest against eating here, especially if you like Mexican food.  Terrible food.  Would be considered bland even if you were a Iowan from some small two-horse town and had never had Mexican food before.Terrible service.  Waited 15 minutes on a slow night for service and had t o walk inside and ask the bartender to sent a waitress out.  And even then, completely indifferent.Overall impression.   Someone needs a tax writeoff.  It's almost as if "The Producer's" Max Bialystock opened a Mexican restaurant:  "So we can make MORE money if the restaurant fails?  BRILLIANT!"
2	Not really impressed. The patio is great and they have some great beer specials. The problem is I can't get past the smell of vomit surrounding their bar area! It smells so bad. I used to always get their melted cheese dip and go out of my way to stop here for it but the smell is so overwhelming and the service is never that good. I won't return.
1	Since the conversion to Salty Beach Bar in late March, this place has taken more steps backward than forward. The new decorations are cheesy and do nothing to inspire a feeling of tropical vacation or spring break. One real spring break attribute you can experience at Salty Beach Bar is the overwhelming aroma/odor of puke when you pass through the front door. My gag reflex was so strong we moved outside to patio where we found more spring break.Old, dried food - specifically shriveled rice and torn up tortilla pieces - littered the patio floor around the high-top table we chose to sit at and reminded me of closing time in a cheap spring break bar. Doesn't anybody there know how to use a broom/dustpan? Yeah, the TV didn't work in that area either.Very few North Scottsdale bar patrons will make this a regular hang. Too many other options.
1	This is a happy hour review. This is an above average place for happy hour and people watching with a fantastic patio, great (and strong) house margaritas for 4 bucks, good chips and salsa, and $2.50 beers. One should expect this in AZ from most of the 500 choices of this ilk and Salty Seniorita North does this exceptionally well. I've been here many times (love the location), have great memories here, and I will come here again despite the crappy parking. Notwithstanding the crowd, service is good and employees are cute and fun (thanks William and Ayla).  But... Mr. or Ms. Owner...You need to clean the grease trap. The building stinks like throw up when you walk up and when we sat at the outside bar we had to move inside because we almost gagged when the wind changed. Moving inside is worse... the sinks stink up the place. What happens when we hit 113 outside?Five star happy hour; minus five stars for stink-johnson-gag effect every five minutes. Ick. Sit at the edge of the patio if you get here early enough. Stink fazed our appetite so did not order food and can't even review it.
1	Expensive, bad food, bad service, happy hour is filled with Scottsdale bros on the prowl for one thing.
1	Just don't.
1	Can you say, CLOSED! Drove by and it's shut down (as of October 27).
