3	This Home Depot seems to attract the most illegal day laborers in the parking lot, though to be fair they tend to congregate more towards the Discount Tire and del Taco by 59th ave.  This Home Depot is about average compared to others, some nice and helpful staff, and some clueless ones as well, especially in the gardening section.  Checkout is frustrating here because so often they demand that you use the self-checkout which I can't stand.
5	Retail is tough, i don't care who you are.  It's all about the help you receive and it can really be hit and miss. Today was a hit.  I needed a volume control slider for the new speakers on my patio (see my review of SST for more info on that adventure).  The A/V specialist was helping another customer and I could tell he was very knowledgeable and very polite as well.  He wrapped up with the other guy and I explained what I was looking for, thinking they would have a dozen choices.  Turns out, no. Only one choice and they had just reset the aisle and he wasn't sure where the product was as we couldn't find it.  So he goes to find one of those dinosaur-size ladders that warns they are only for employees to use.  He proceeds to go through a number of boxes on the second and third level to find the product, without any success.  At this point it would have been easy and adequate to say, sorry dude, I was mistaken, looks like we don't have it. Oh not, not this guy,  He politely asks if I have time to wait so he can find another pro that might know where the item is.  As Ron White would say, Alright, I'll wait.  The other pro comes over, moves the dinosaur ladder 9 inches to the north and proceeds to find the part i need.  Kudos to both pros and to this HD for great service.  This is my "home" store and they always treat me right, great job!
2	This is one of my least favorite Home Depot locations.  This one just seems to consistently let me down compared to others in the valley.  Hard to point specific things, but it just seems less organized and harder to find help.  All else being equal, I'd go to a different location.
5	after having really poor service with Lowes Home Improvement I was so delighted to be taken well care of this morning at home depot.everybody there was courteous and wanted to help me, it is a far cry from what they used to be a couple years ago I'm very pleased with the changes they have made. its like Lowes and Home Depot flipped in their customer service department, I will be a return customer with the store
1	I go into the store to buy a closet organizer and the associate tells me to go home and get online to pick out what I need because it would take her an hour to design and help me... Really wow so sorry to waist your time, I just got a large project loan with HD and this is my first experience with them sigh....
