5	Here goes:Two cheeseburgers with "Secret Sauce" and pickles (no mustard or ketchup).Medium friesLarge coke.That's pure crack in a bag.  LOVE IT.
3	I have been surprised over the years on how hard Jack in the Box has tried to improve their image.  The food is good and for the most part the workers are very friendly and helpful.  I don't know where they fit in relative to the fast food wars, but they are definitely moved up the ladder.  Now, if they can bring back the larger Taco for $1.00...A+ for effort and execution, Jack!
3	Since everything seems to close early in Scottsdale, this is my "go to" place when I get hungry late night.  I always get my usual Big Cheeseburgers and they're pretty decent for a fast food joint.  It's a standard Jack in the Box....accurate order, fast food, late night hours, not much else to report.Return Factor - 90%
3	Their tacos are ok when you're in a hurry. I wish that Jack-In-the Box would get with it like McDonalds and offer $1 large soft drinks. That keeps me from patronizing Jack on a more consistent basis.
4	Excellent fast-food breakfast sandwich and fast service. In my book, Jack wins the fastfood breakfast war in terms of food quality! The hashbrown needs work, but the breakfast sandwich is filling enough. for sub $10, this combo is a winner.I'd definitely go back!
4	Oh yeah, i'm definitely a fan. I ordered the sirloin burger with fries. The burger was big and loaded with fresh lettuce, tomato, and red onion. How did they know I love red onion? I will have to pace myself since this location is so close to my house. I don't wanna over do it on a good thing. I'm gonna try What-a-Burger this weekend. We'll see who has the better burger.
5	After Audrey kicked me out of the pad. I went for a drive. I ended up in north Scottsdale with an appetite killer. I found this Jack in the Box out here in Boondock Ville. I ordered the Jumbo Jack no cheese, 2 tacos and a Diet Coke. I parked in the parking lot next to the Drive-thru. I ate my meal. Smoked a pack of cigarettes and watched cars show up and park in the shade. It was around 2 a.m. I pulled up thru the drive-thru for a second time and ordered a large Diet Coke. I asked the attendant for directions for the Maricopa Food Handler Card Department. The address read Peoria. I always get Peoria and Paradise Valley confused.
4	Jack in the Crack. Good lord, seriously? I hate living so close to this place. When I was living on the East Coast, I would go into Double Cheeseburger denial and get the shakes. Now I've moved back here and pretty much always end up in line ordering a meal after a night of drinking. With a Dr. Pepper and curly fries with ranch on the side NOW. I mean PLEASE... please... not NOW, that's just crazy and rude. I very rarely get a crappy burger. They really do make everything right when you order it. The bun is nice and soft, the cheese is actually all melty and the burger patties are hot and juicy. The fries are crispy, hot and well seasoned. For a fast food place, Jack in the Box totally wins. I don't even want to think about the amount of fat, sodium, calories and evil I'm ingesting when I eat here because it's just so damn tasty. Oh well.
4	I don't really know what makes good or bad fast food, but I've never had bad service here. They've always been friendly in the drive through, which I guess is the most anyone could ask for!The 24 hours doesn't hinder on service at all, which is why I still go during those odd hours.
3	Late night eats.....check.Early morning, pre-golf breakfast.....check.Quick meal anytime....check.This location is near our house, so I come here often when I'm in a rush or when time of day dictates that it's the only option available.  Service here is pretty fast....99% of the time I use the drive-thru.  They're accurate and the food isn't bad.  What more could I ask for?Return Factor - 90%
4	Damn those Diamondbacks. The promotion that when they hit a home run, the next day you get a free jumbo jack with the purchase of a large drink has me going back regularly. It is a tasty burger. While there I do have to have two of the tastiest, greasiest tacos around. There is something about them that takes me back to my youth. The tacos are addictive!
1	If I could leave negative stars, I would.  I don't always leave bad reviews, but when I do, they're horrendous and my intention is to bring this to light to upper management.  I have NEVER in my life experienced worse customer service at a fast food place than I did last night.  An order of tacos, curly fries, ketchup and ranch.  Easy right? We know everyone's guilty pleasure is jack in the box tacos dipped in their delicious ranch sauce.  Used the "convenient" drive through, the lady working the drive through must have been having a really crappy day based on her attitude.  I get the food in a couple bags and leave.  Only to arrive home and found that for some reason, they interpreted my "curly fries, ketchup, and ranch" request to mean cold plain fries, and loads of taco sauce. Dinner was ruined.  I called the store and spoke with someone named Hector.  He refused to let me speak with the manager.  He also refused to give me information on whom to contact if I had a complaint.  Hector didn't really do all that much for me except hang up on me and tell me that If I wanted to complain, I'd have to call back Wednesday morning at 8 AM.  worst part?  Hector didn't even ask what my issue was.  He displayed zero willingness to help and of course, an apology was out of the question.  Hector's poor disposition and suffering customer service skils have led me to write a better business bureau complaint.. all over ketchup, curly fries, and ranch dressing.I really hope it was worth it to you, Hector.  Here's some insider advice though.  NEVER let a customer walk away angry.  If you are in a position of power to fix a situation and avoid a negative escalation, do it.  Since Hector clearly skipped class in any managerial courses he may have taken at the community college, he could use this advice.  It could have been corrected.  With an offer to come back to the store another day and have the order made correctly.  Hector, this could h ave been corrected with a simple apology.  Your lack of initiative has caused me to start the hike up the corporate ladder of jack in the box.  This was an embarassment to you and the entire jack in the box franchise.Needless to say, I will not be returning here.
4	The girls that work their aren't very friendly at all, but John & Juan (I'm pretty sure those are their names) are awesome! They always strike up conversations and remember me when I come in the drive thru. They seem stoked to be there and I just love that. Oh and the late night munchie meal thing is amazingly good.
