5	This practice is made up of several orthopedic doctors. I see Dr. Bruns. I have been going to him for years for various things- and am always happy with the outcome. Last year I had 2 total knee replacements (I call them January and June)  and now I am a new woman. I have no pain and can walk without any problems and no limp. Rehab was tough but not compared to living with the pain I was in. At least I knew there was a light at the end of the tunnel. When I go to my appointments I have my questions on my notes app ready to ask and Dr. Bruns is always happy to answer all of the questions I ask him.I must also compliment his assistant Julie. She is the best. She always explains everything you need to do or how to use anything you are given. I especially like that the practice has their emails on their websites so if I have a quick question, I can send her an email and not wait for an appointment. She will either get me the answer or let me know what to do.Lastly, one of the other doctors in the practice had to have a knee replacement and he chose Dr. Bruns to do it. That says something.  There are also 2 offices. One is on the NE corner of 56th Street and Bell and the other is on 7th Street, north of Thunderbird on the west side of the street.
4	My friend, Norma, was refered to Az Joint and Specialists when she fell and injured her shoulder.  The got her in promptly on an emergency basis which I very much appreciated.  Michael Pappas MD has given her excellent care so I am able to recommend his services.  They are well equipped for what they do as a whole.I will make one suggestion.  Either make a very early appointment or get the first one after they get back from lunch.  I doubt if you have to ask why but I will tell you anyway.  If you don't, plan on having quite a wait to see the Doctor and don't be surprised if it is over an hour.  I don't mind a reasonable wait but 90 minutes is quite a wait when you are with a 91 year old with Alzheimers.  But then again, a wait of an hour and a half on average, I believe is to long for anyone.I really debated between three and four stars.  I had three but Pappas really does a good job so the four is for him.  Just make sure what time you get an appointment.
5	PCP recommended Dr. Tindall two years ago. He was unavailable and I saw Dr. Pappas. Ended up having surgery and that joint feels excellent now. Staff is friendly and actually respond the voice messages. I agree with David M's suggestion on scheduling 100%.
1	My doctor is fantastic here and the best doctor I have ever had, but the office ladies/ receptionist on the other hand needs a ton of improvement on customer service skills. Ezmerelda at the 56th St. And Bell rd. office is a complete b***h. I have been going to this doctors office for over 4 years. She has never smiled and is completely rude to all the customers that walk in. If you have a question don't be expecting a nice reply. She will just snap at you and tell you to hold on she's busy. (More like busy sitting on here a** doing nothing) as a valued patient, I suggest you find a new receptionist because I never look forward to going into your office. The way she treated a new patient today. 5/5/14 with a disrespectful attitude was shocking and uncalled for. Find someone to replace her or you will lose a lot of patients.
4	The doctors seem great but it's already been an 1 hour wait with a person still ahead of us. I don't know about you but I certainly don't run my day an hour behind...
