5	I needed two rear tires, mine were 7 yrs old and about to give out. I did not wan to go to Good Year a year ago they charged me 400.00 for the two front tires. I went here this morning at 8AM was greeted at the door with a huge Good Morning, would you like some coffee or water. Never even got a hello at GY. I already knew how much the tires should cost, and they came in below that price. They also added the warranty in case I get a flat or pick up a nail or something. They will replace the tire. All the people working there were knowledgeable and courteous. If I need tires again in the future this is where I will go. Great Service, I was out of there in 30 minutes.
4	Wow, review number 500!!I came here the other day to purchase a set of tires for my car. Service was efficient and friendly. I came in knowing exactly what I wanted, made my purchase and my car was ready in about 25 minutes. The only thing that was a little annoying was the hard sell they tried to put on me about purchasing rims. I politely said no, but they persisted and even put some on my car while they were putting my new tires on to show me how "good they look." That was a little annoying since I was pretty clear to begin with that I wasn't interested. Once I said no again, they removed the rims and put my old ones back on along with my new tires. Aside from that little snafu, I was pleased with the service and have had good experiences here in the past when I came for tire checkups, so I probably wouldn't have any qualms about coming back in the future. I would just prefer they lay off the sales tactics a bit.
5	Great experience after being towed there for a blowout on I-15 (referred by Knight Performance). They replaced all four of my tires in less than an hour on a busy Tuesday morning, were friendly and courteous throughout, and told me honestly that I did not need new rims or a new tire for my old spare. They gave me a great deal on the tires and quick service - would use them and other locations again.
5	I love this store! They are all always so helpful and greet me with a smile! The manager, Ross is especially caring and his sexiness doesn't hurt;)
5	If I could give more than 5 stars I would.. Ross is amazing! He helped me out in a time of need more than I could have ever expected.. Best customer service I've ever experienced, and I will never go anywhere else. From now on I will be referring everyone I know to this location!
5	I was Midas the other day and they said I needed two new tires, and it was gonna cost me about $230... Friends and Yelpers reminded me about a little place called DISCOUNT TIRE. DUH. I totally forgot all about them. Midas was trying to brainwash me while I waited for my oil change and new brake pads. So the next day I went online, picked out some Falkens, cuz damnit, they were cheap, made an appointment. A few moments later I got a call from Ross confirming my appointment and seeing if I had any questions. I didnt. So I went in and Lane greeted me out at my car as soon as I pulled up - I told him I had an appointment and he started inspecting my tires asking me questions. We went inside and he told me the Falkens dont have a mileage rating si when they go, THEY GO. He showed me another tire and said they have a mileage rating of like 60K. and it was only going to cost me $10 more per tire. SOLD. He didnt try to upsell me some super expensive freakin tire and he was super nice and friendly! It also only took like twenty minutes or so for them to get my new tires on and for me to get outta there! Quick service and friendly staff, great customer service!!!
5	I frequent this tire shop to have my air pressure checked once a month since the air gets lowered by all the speed bumps in Vegas. Today I woke up to find my front passenger tire was flat. I threw on the spare & headed to to this location where John was able to get the tire fixed. While I was there they suggested I get a tire rotation which was free of charge. I've never had any issues at Discount Tire & that's why I will continue to support their business
3	My back passenger tire seemed to be losing air pressure about once a month, but I just kept putting air in it. On this morning, I discovered that it had finally given out and was completely flat. Arrived here and a super friendly guy, Justin came to my assistance. Kind of like the whole damsel in distress kind of thing. Anyway, we went outside to inspect the back passenger tire. He explained that there was a ring around the tire which meant that it had been going flat for a while and was starting to shread on the inside. It needed replacement no question. We inspected the other tires and found a nail in my front passenger tire. FML!! He also said that a patch would not fix the nail hole because it was on the side where the tread was thinner. Went inside, discussed pricing of the 2 new tires and suggested getting the warranty. Knowing my luck, I got the warranty on the new tires and my 2 older ones. Covers them completely for the life of the tire. Justin was friendly and answered all my questions since I know absolutely nothing about car stuff. I did not feel like he was trying to dupe me into anything. Less than 25 minutes later, out comes my baby with brand new shiny tires. Like I said, I'm not happy about the $500 I just spent. However, I am happy with the service I received here.So why the drop to only 3 stars? As I drove away, the air pressure light came back on. Seriously? So I had to go to a different discount tire since I had already driven away. The guy at the second discount tire location found that my 2 front tires were over inflated, which is why the light came back on. He apologized for the mistake of the first location and said they should have checked everything before I left. This would have made me really upset, but the second location took care of me quickly and put me at ease.
4	Would've been 5 stars but they started on my vehicle 30 minutes after my appointment time. Very friendly, very professional and I was happy with the customer service. If they could narrow down the gap between the appt time and when they start on a vehicle they'll be doing great!
1	Really bad service! My mom took her van here and bought tire's. When she took it home air bag and door light is on, she called the shop and said to bring it back. She did and they tried to figure out what is wrong, they got the dash board light for air bad and door light off, when my mom took it home for the second time she tried to open the back passenger door, it wont open at all. We tried to tell them to fix it but they wont take responsibility of their own work. We will continue to tell people not to come here and will never come back. For future customer's, save your money and time. Do not come here!
2	Friendly staff and every time i have been here service was timely.I could only give 2 stars since i wasn't super happy with my visit yesterday. I had a nail in one of the back tires. They fixed me right up without trying to sell me anything (i like that). Now here is the problem, I Plasti-Dipped my stock rims so that they are flat black and painted the brake calipers blue. The guy said that the black would rub off on the rim that they needed to remove. I told him its fine ill just have to redo that wheel later. Once they were done the other guy told me that the pressure light will stay on until it re calibrates but no worries.I drove 20 miles home and the light was still on. The tire that was repaired was 20lbs short! Then i took a closer look and noticed that not only did they rub the plati dip off of the one rim but all four and on top of that they damaged the paint on every caliper. Why they needed to mess with all my other tires is beyond me. Now i get to spend money on more paint and a full day repainting everything!
4	Stopped by here to get my tires rotated and balanced since it was due for one. This place was super busy when I stopped by on a Saturday afternoon, but they got my car in and out within 30 mins despite the amount of cars sitting there. The employees were courteous as always and explained the work that was completed when it came time to pick it up.
5	My tires were well overdue for replacement, with bald tread and cracks on the sidewalls. Put $250 down on a full set of four tires and had the remaining $522.65 financed with their CarCareONE credit card. As long as I pay the entire balance off within 6 months, the charge won't incur any interest, so yay for credit building! My purchase also qualified for a $30 mail-in rebate based on the brand of tires I bought and a $50 mail-in rebate for using the CarCareONE credit card to finance my purchase. Tires were installed and I was out the door in less than 45 minutes. Also purchased the Certificate for Refund, Repair or Replacement with my tires, so I won't have to worry about them for a long time. Very satisfied with my experience, and intend to purchase from Discount Tire again in the future =)
5	Great tire store. Ross, the manager, is extremely professional: knows his products and takes great care of his customer. I got a very good price on new Pirellis- cheaper than the dealer. Would not go anywhere else
5	staff was very friendly.  didn't take long at all to get my tire replaced.  the best part is, i paid a lot less here than anywhere else... EVER!!  and its a goodyear Z rated tire.  not a piece of crrap no name llantas place that you don't know if they retreaded your tire or what not.  reputable dealer with good quality products.  fast, friendly, and very affordable.  i paid $50 less at Discount Tire for a comprable tire sold at Sam's Club.
5	I just wanted to thank everyone at Discount Tire, especially Justin and his manager on how they treated my neighbor. She had her wallet stolen the day she had spoke with them about getting tires for her van. Of course, once she realized it was gone, she knew that meant she would have to wait to get her tires.  Being elderly, she had saved for several months to be able to make her tire purchase.  That evening Jason called her not knowing that her wallet had been stolen and she explained to him the situation. He told her to bring her van in and her would take care of getting the tires for her.Today, she went to Discount Tires and they installed her tires for her.  They went way over and above they duty to a customer and they made my friend very happy though a difficult time.  Fortunately, police have been able to identify the person who took her wallet. Thank you again  so much for all you did for her, it is so good to see her so excited!
4	I noticed I had a low tire on the way in to town so I looked for a Discount Tire and found one just down the street. In and out in less than two minutes. One of the reasons Discount had been getting all my tire business for many years.
5	Drove in on a Friday morning after my drive in from LA the previous day, finding that my rear drivers side tire had deflated (construction everywhere!). Not a good way to start VEGAS. Jared came out to meet me within 30 seconds to survey situation. Found the hidden nail puncture and since I had bought the replacement warranty ($17 vs new $120 that was less than a year old), no problem to replace with a new, exact match, since patching was suspect. Waited less than an hour to complete, had bottled water, coffee, and a good read from their magazine collection.Re-purchased warranty and hit the strip to a great time in Sin City! Out in CA look for America's Tire which is Discount Tires affiliate.
5	I've been here quite often. Often enough that I obviously don't take care of my tires well enough to avoid tire issues every few months. Haha Each time has been quality customer service with the help of Ross and one other guy (I can't recall his name). They get me in and out as soon as possible. Today I replaced two rims and a new tire which would have been $330-something but with the warranty I forgot I had, it turned out to be $270-something. Warranty is useful for frequent visitors like me, I guess. Haha saving 50$ is always a plus.
1	I have done A LOT of business in the past with Discount tires on several other cars I have had through the years. I have always been treated well and had a positive outcome to prior visits. This visit was not good as it was the experience from hell to say the least! I called in advance and spoke to Ross in which I explained that I would be towing my car in to their shop due to the fact that my tire is blown and down to the rim. I also explained that I do not have a wheel lock and that I have a broken off lug nut. Ross replied "No problem I am sure we can do something about this problem"I have my car towed in, and charged up front for two tires $215.00, I have never been charged upfront for services, but OK maybe they changed their policy?Jim informs me that they can not help me because they can not get the broken lug nut off to replace the tire.So I am stuck, I had my car towed in and now they can not remove a lug nut to change my tire.They then tell me they called a tow truck on my behalf to take my car and I home and that they were taking care of that bill.They then proceed to give me a refund of my $215.00 less $65.00. Ross stated we put a USED tire on the other rear tire in which they were able to change.Well news flash I went in and PAID for two NEW TIRES. Is this a new practice that they are slapping USED tires on folks cars? There was no mention of used tires in my discussion with them, this was a decision they made on their own. So they charge me $65.00 for a used tire which does me no good since they can not remove and replace my other blown tire.This was shady, they should have refunded me 100% of what I paid as they did not complete services that were discussed and paid for in advance!So really my tow was NOT free, they just put it off as a charge for a used tire which is unacceptable! If I wanted used tires I could have gone over and slapped on $20 tires from Tico's USED tires!I was bent over and porked dry by these unprofessional manipulators and it has left a bad taste in my mouth. I should have just turned into a bitch and dropped my balls a little lower and demanded a full refund since they did not provide the service I paid for. After being so upset to the point of tears falling due to the frustration of the situation I just did not have any strength to fight back any longer.I am truly disgusted and disappointed with what occurred during this visit at discount tires. They owe me $65.00 dollars and I want it back, it is the principal of the situation at this point.
5	Fast and courteous service. Everyone here was very nice and eager to assist. I'd b happy to come back to this location. I've also been to the Rancho store where also had great service. They fixed my flat for free. Thank you Discount Tires!
1	They are super desperate to have you purchase new tires no matter what the cost is!!! Tell them you will think about the tires and you will shop around! They will but in to discourage it. A man came in and said he was going to go shop at SAMs club for tires after being asked where he was shopping, and they bashed the company of why it's not as good as them. Be aware of the warranty with this place... It's something to read!!
5	I have never experienced anything but friendly and helpful service every time I've been to either this location or Charleston & Rainbow.I promise I'm not a shill, but when they try and upsell you the tire warranty, DO IT.  It was only $40 (if I remember right), but was probably the best investment I've ever made.  Any time I get a flat, I bring the car in and they either fix it for FREE in less than an hour, or replace the tire for just ten bucks!!
5	Another great Discount Tire store. The service is fantastic, and Kyle was super helpful.
5	Fast, efficient and knowledgeable. Friendly service and a professional staff.  They showed me the things my other tire shop had missed and gave me good options. Thanks.
5	Great company.  Discount and America's tire have always taken great care of me and my family.
5	Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Came in with a flat tire and they were get my tires checked and changed in less than a hour! Explained everything clearly so I know what was going on and compared prices too! Highly recommend!
2	Went in to get 4 brand new tires and staff was really nice. Problem was when I got my car my custom white ribs were all scratched!! For you guys that have rims know it's not cheap!! To see that after waiting forever made fumes come out of my ears! They said they would reimburse me $125 per rim but now I have to find the time to fix them! They didn't even tell me they scratched them lucky I looked myself!! Always look at your car before leaving!
