5	There are three things I dread most in life: Medical bills, auto repairs and air conditioning service. For some reason those areas are where you tend to find the most fleecing. So when the A/C wasn't blowing as cold as it should I braced myself for a struggle, even though I knew the thing just needed some general maintenance. First came the search. Unlike in the past, I had Yelp on my side this time. I spent four days researching companies, reading reviews and checking status with the BBB. Two made the final cut and Cool Touch is the one I went with because they answered their phone and could give me a quick quote within a minute of answering. Their service call rate was pretty standard. The receptionist I spoke with was very nice and professional. She set me up with an appointment for that same week, with a two hour window as to when the tech would arrive. The day before my appointment, she called me back to confirm the appointment time. The day of she called a half hour before the time to let me know that the tech was about 30 minutes away. Great moment: He showed up on time. I let the tech in (I wish I could remember his name - I'm so bad with that!). He was well presented and friendly as well as professional. I didn't get that skulking coyote feel I've gotten from some techs I've met in the past. I showed him around the system and answered a few questions. Within about 15 minutes he determined the system needed cleaning and was reading low on freon. He performed a fairly quick test to make sure the lines weren't blocked (they weren't) then he pumped the unit full of freon. He performed one of those Star Trek-like temperature checks at several registers and got the air working like it should. One thing I appreciated was that he talked to me about my system and what to expect from it. I also noticed that he didn't once mention any kind of maintenance agreement or try to upsell me on a new unit. He just explained the costs as we went and got things done. I can definitely say this was the best A/C service call I've ever had. I will definitely contact Cool Touch in the future. It's nice to have one less dread in life.
5	When my A/C suddenly stopped working (as the temperatures were consistently hitting 100 degrees daily) I started panicking and called around to friends and family for recommendations.  My daughter located Cool Touch on Yelp and said the reviews were great.  After using them I can understand why.  Brannen came out on Saturday to take a look at my unit.  Unfortunately my A/C unit had died and the whole thing had to be replaced, this was not completely unexpected due to its age.  I told Brandon I would have to think it over.  Despite not committing to using his company he installed an A/C window unit in my bedroom so my pets and I would not suffer in the heat.  I called him on Sunday and they said they could come out the next day to replace the unit despite the fact that they had to schedule a crane to lift the A/C unit off my roof.By Monday afternoon I was enjoying A/C throughout my house!  They couldn't have been more courteous, professional and helpful.  I cannot recommend them highly enough!
5	We had not had our A/C unit checked in a couple of years, so we though since it was already 2000 degrees outside, better get it done so we won't have any surprises.  I looked on Yelp to see what companies got the best ratings and I found Cool Touch.  Every rating 5 stars!  I called and spoke with a very nice lady who set my appointment within the same week, which was great.  Chris (one of the owners) came out today and serviced my unit.  He was very professional, friendly, and knowledgeable.  I didn't get that creepy feeling like I have had before from some technicians.  He serviced our two units and showed my that we had a couple of capacitors that were starting to fail.  I went ahead and authorized replacement and got the Service Agreement which covered the maintenance today, in the Fall and next Spring.  I feel very comfortable with Cool Touch and highly recommend them!
4	I called on Saturday for a basic service call. Price was reasonable at $59. They were booked until 12 but I was called as soon as a tech was available. Louis came out to check the unit. Now my unit is 19 yrs old so typically ac companies tell me I need a new one. Not Louis. He checked my unit and told me it was running at all optimal conditions.  He even said if its not broke don't fix it, which you never hear from ac guys.  Their techs get paid per hour and not by commission. Their care for the customers' best interest really shows. He took the time to explain the service he performed and was very professional.
5	Helped us out when we were in a bind. I checked yelp, and this company seemed the best, so I called. Our AC went out on a Friday afternoon, and the warranty company wouldn't send someone out til Saturday! GRRR. When I looked that company up on yelp, they weren't even on here! That's when I started looking to see who actually knew what they were doing and ethical, and found Cool Touch.I called on a Saturday, and the gal explained the AC units they use/ recommend, due to the warranties the different companies have on their units and based on how often they break. I ended up getting a payout from the warranty company and using Cool Touch to get a new AC for our house.  They couldn't come until Monday to evaluate, and Tuesday to install. Meantime, we had to buy a window unit (I saw some other company, or maybe it was this one? offered another customer a window unit on loan--we didn't get that offer). our window unit sufficed until it was time to get the new one, so hopefully we won't have any issues for a while now!Anyway, they got right out on Monday, just like they said. The other good thing? they have financing options through a credit union, so they were able to get me a loan so I didn't have to come up with thousands of $$ that I didn't have on the spot or go w/o ac forever and buy a bunch of window units for all over the house for much less.  *whew, what a relief*They asked some ppl to reschedule for Tuesday so they could install our unit, since it was an emergency, so a big thank you to Cool Touch and their awesome understanding customers who were just upgrading to a bigger unit.  Luis came and explained everything about pricing both on the phone and then w/ his chart in person, and let me pick based on what I wanted to spend. He also said to go to Cool Touch's website, where I found the financing info. I applied online and within an hour, they had an answer for me.FYI, in case you're getting an AC installed and yours, too, has been out for days: it takes longer than "a little while" to get the house back to (whatever your normal temp was). They had ours installed in just over 3 hours (we have the unit on the side of the house and air handler inside, no attic or roof access needed here). The house was in the 90's, and you could feel it getting cooler, but it still took until maybe from 1145am when they finished, until about 10 or 1030 pm to get the house back to 78 degrees (we had it off for 3h due to the SRP 3h pricing plan 3-6). We have a 1-story house. I called them about 8pm and left a msg why wasn't my house back to 78 yet? should it take this long? I didn't get the msg that the guy called me back, but then Luis called me the next morning (on July 4th, no less) to check on me and see if the house was cooled down yet. I told him it was, but why did it take so long? He said that because mine was off for days, the attic and all the walls were absorbing all the heat of the sun, and it took longer to cool all that back down again.They still need to come and check the blower fan, as it's not as high as they said it would be,and therefore my rooms are still, some warmer/some colder, but I'll wait for the emergencies from our summer heat to be over to get on their schedule for that.Thanks, Cool Touch! You rock!
1	I unfortunately had a very bad experience with this company and it could have cost me up to 6 to 7 thousand dollars if I didn't get a second opinion.  I was told by the technician that I needed a new compressor which would cost  3,100 and that my unit, which is 7 years old, was bad and I would be better off purchasing a new one.  I then called another a/c repair service and was told that there was nothing wrong with the compressor and my unit  was okay... I  would NOT recommend using them.
5	My AC stopped functioning properly in the middle of a heat wave, and even though it was after 6PM, Chris (the owner) rushed right over to try to help me.  Things didn't go smoothly at first, but Chris went above and beyond to correct the problem and ensure my satisfaction.  In the end I was very satisfied with the result. I would highly recommend Chris and and his team!
5	I have used Cool Touch for several years and have invariably been pleased with the service I receive.Cool Touch is always on time, polite and clean up after themselves.  Cool Touch repaired my previous A/C unit and when it was no longer repairable sold me my new one.When my water heater stopped working Cool Touch was out the same day I called to fix it .  Rather than selling me a new unit they informed me all I needed was a thermostat, saving me $600 or more.They do not try to sell me anything I do not need.This is far and away the best home service experience I have had.
5	I'm from California and was staying at the home of some relatives while they were out of town.  Early in the morning I observed what looked like smoke coming from the air conditioning condenser.  I immediately turned off the heater and jumped on yelp for help.  Cool Touch had a great rating and was close by so I called and spoke to a very friendly gal named Susan.  She explained that they could be out later the same day and she would call me to keep me posted.  They arrived right on time and much to my chagrin it was a false alarm.  What I thought was smoke was actually steam.  When I tried to pay him for coming out he didn't even charge me for the service call.  With this kind of honesty and integrity it is easy to see how Cool Touch earns such high ratings.
5	I called the other day when my AC wasn't working. The person I talked to walked me through narrowing down what the problem was...  two other companies I called wouldn't do that... they were only interested in setting up $100 appointment just to diagnose the issue.These guys were very helpful and patient and spent 15 minutes with me on the phone, just explaining to me what the problem most likely was and the costs involved in fixing it.When he found out I had a home warranty, he advised me to go through them, since it would save money on my end. Super great guys... I'll definitely go through them if anything else happens to my AC.
5	My AC kept tripping breaker, started out infrequent, then was after a couple of minute. I suspected a bad breaker, but wanted it checked. Called Cool Touch, and Susan answered near closing time. Turns out phone was maybe forwarded and said she would call back when she got home to a computer. Susan called back as promised and set an appt for next day. Susan called next day to ask if I was available as the tech was running ahead of schedule, perfect! Luis was professional and confirmed my suspicion. He asked if I knew how to change out breaker to save me the markup, etc. (I did). Great experience, on- time, and the $59 service call was well worth piece of mind. Thank you Cool Touch!
5	Fast, friendly service! Affordable too!  My AC stopped working in the middle of summer and the tech came out to my house the same day!  He was able to get the parts and fix it the same day, I was very pleased with the customer service and the cost. I have recommended Cool Touch to my friends and family and they have all had excellent experiences as well.  Thank you!
5	Hadn't used them before, but I got a coupon on Yelp.I was very pleased.  They came on time and serviced the a/c, which had an apparent build-up of dust and oil on a wheel.  No complaints.  Will use again.
5	These guys were great.  The serviceman was professional and the staff was very nice on the phone.  They did a great job servicing our AC.  I would use these guys in the future!
5	I had an AC issue and needed it to be taken care of ASAP.  It was about 7pm in the evening and they were able to send out a tech minutes after I called.  The tech showed up, was very nice and helpful, and showed me what to do incase the AC went out again (it was really an electrical issue and the electrician wasn't able to come out right away).  Their service fee was only a few dollars more than my home warranty service fee, which was totally worth it for the same day (evening) service.
5	Thanks to Brannen, we're running cool again. We had a spot of bad luck with a tech who wasn't quite up to Cool Touch snuff but Brannen came out first thing next day and fixed the mistake. He was very nice - exactly what I'd expected from my first experience with Cool Touch. He took the time to explain what went wrong and really made my husband and I feel like valued customers. He even wore those blue carpet-saving booties. We'll definitely be back - and we'll be looking at turning our water heater needs over to them since I learned that they handled those as well. Thank you so much for being such a knowledgeable and friendly fellow, Brannen! And thank you Cool Touch for fixing things!
5	I hadn't had my air conditioner looked at for about 8 yrs. (I'm a snowbird and don't use it much) so thought I would have it serviced. My sister said leave it alone if it isn't broke don't fix it, because they had a company and after they left it had all kinds of problems they never had before. However I researched Yelp and decided from reviews to try Cool Touch. The receptionist was friendly, the service man was polite, and when he was done he said it works fine and doesn't have any issues. I breathed a sigh of relief. I trust it will continue to work fine. I was pleased with this company.
5	We paid the $59 for a service call on our air conditioner/heating system because no heat was coming from our unit. The serviceman was so nice! He took a look at the control unit and discovered that some wires were crossed. He also checked out our air conditioner on the roof. He then reversed the crossed wires and voila! Heat! So simple. No pressure or unnecessary selling of additional services. I love that and I will stick with Cool Touch.
5	I am very happy with Cool Touch and their service. I've used them twice and both times the service technicians did a great job and were informative . Susan, in the Office, was efficient, friendly and knowledgable. I will continue to use them in the future and recommend them highly.
5	This company is amazing. The tech came right on time. He was very friendly and knowledgable. He took his time and did more than what I expected for tone up. He installed a thermostat that I bought from Walmart with out any additional fees. 100% satisfied. I will defiantly  use them again.
5	Truly great company - from the girl answering the phones, to the technician Luis. Our air conditioner started blowing warm air, I figured it needed freon since the home was vacant for over a year before we moved in. They setup an appointment same day, for between 2-6, arrived at about 2:30, and in about 3 minutes found that the water pump's leveler was just stuck. Literally just needed to be jiggled loose, and everything was good. They could have got me for a freon refill or a new pump and I would have happily paid it, but instead I just had to cover the service call - he even cleaned off the condenser coils real quick before he left. I was so impressed with their service, professionalism, and honesty that I signed up for their maintenance contract which is a solid deal. Money is pretty tight right now, and this was a huge relief. We won't be going anywhere else for HVAC service/repair, they have a lifetime customers.
5	Recently I turned on the AC and noticed it wasn't blowing very cold, and in fact it was barely cool. I had a friends husband change out the old thermostat to a digital one thinking it wasn't working right, but that didn't do it. After doing some research I found Cool Touch and like everyone I saw the good reviews and decided to give them a try. I called them this morning around 9:45 and was told they'd be out 10-2. Within minutes I got a call saying a service tech would be there in 25 minutes, and it didn't even take that long. Robert was very nice and professional and explained that I had a crack in my freon line, some of my ductwork was opened up, not to mention all of the nasty pigeon mess. He repaired and cleaned everything and even fixed the thermostat (it wasn't done correctly yesterday.. Oops). Now I have a cold AC, colder than it's been the entire time I've lived here and I signed up for the service plan. It even runs quieter!In any case, this is a great company and I'm really glad I found them. I will definitely continue using them!
5	Had called a couple other companies when my AC went out today and they couldn't get anyone out until tomorrow evening.  Luis was able to squeeze me in just before he went home for the day today!  Super quick repair and very friendly!  Air conditioning never felt so good!
5	Our AC stopped working today so I made the call to Cool Touch after reading great reviews on yelp. Jason was at our home with an hour. He quickly diagnosed our problem and had the repair done. He was knowledgable and friendly. He gave us some great suggestions to prolong the life of our units and keep us cool all summer! Signed up for their maintenance plan that will save us $$$ in the future! Thanks for a job well done and quick service! We are now cool in AZ! Would highly recommend!
5	Air conditioning quit working and got 92 degrees in the house. I saw the great reviews on here so I called them immediately. Had great service right away. Had a technician out in 20 minutes to the house. Julian was friendly and immediately found a capacitor bad. He had the air conditioning up and running in no time. Great quick friendly service. I would recommend cool touch to everybody.
2	I don't know if I trust these people 100%.  We had a compressor motor go out and they replaced that and we signed up for a service, a day later we heard a knocking and the when the motor was replaced the fan was misaligned so they had to come back out and fix it and they said they thought it was like that before.6 months later when my 2nd check up came (free under the service agreement) they came out and I wasn't home and they told my wife they we were low on coolant and there was a leak in our condenser.   They just wrote on the receipt leaky in the compressor needs new unit call us $5k.I never called but they sent me a brochure in the mail a couple weeks later.Of course now I'm paranoid but the AC has been working fine.
5	I was looking for a local A/C contractor to service my a/c just to make sure it was ready to handle the summer heat. Luis came out from Cool Touch and was amazing. Luis was very thorough but also went out of his way to explain what he was doing and why. He also showed me how to program my thermostat properly in order to set it at certain temps while I'm not home and for it to start cooling the house down before I get home. Luis was very nice and didn't try to sell me on things that I didn't need. He recommended the maintenance program and explained what it was and why it could benefit me and how it could save me $$ in the event I needed a part for a repair. I will definitely be taking him up on that program. I was very pleased with the professionalism of Cool Touch and Luis and will be using them as my go-to local HVAC contractor.
2	They are certainly fast and the tech was friendly and courteous, but there is definitely inflation in their price. The technician showed up 1 hr after my call, which was good. He checked the compressor and told me there is too much freon, and quoted $250 to remove freon. That was not good. At least the guy was courteous and quick, maybe that's factored into the price too.
