4	This is so great! Catering food trucks meet here Friday nights and compete for business with awesome cooking. I am definitely a fan of a couple of the food trucks that make their way out here so I was so glad to see them as I was driving by. Grabbed a Mac n cheese grilled cheese sammich-YUM!!! From the grilled cheese truck......Catfish filet fish n chips from buzznbeez & a super rich cup cake for desert. SuperTruck Super Food was out there as well which I definitely enjoy eating so next time I'll refresh my taste buds with their savory menu!
5	This has become a staple on Friday nights with my coworkers. I would say there are usually 5-8 different places to choose from on any given night. I've personally had Satay Hut, Liberty's Biscuits, Paletas Betty, Gigi's cupcakes, and the Gourmet Command Center but SuperFarm SuperTruck, The Chef Genie, The Grilled Cheese Truck, Sandra Dee's Catering and BuzznBee are usually there too. The trucks rotate so I suggest liking the Gilbert Food Truck Food Court on Facebook because they usually post the day before who is planning on being there this week. There are tables and benches but they tend to be full. I've seen people bring their own chairs and blankets to picnic on the grassy area near by during the cooler weather days. Now that it is summer and pretty hot, most trucks offer grab and go which is pretty nice of them and I really respect that there is an effort to continue the food court through the summer. Also, most trucks do take credit cards and there is usually live music too!
3	Food truck were decent.  There were 5 food trucks there tonight.  There was seating on plastic picnic tables.
2	We tried the Heraldo's Mexican American food truck. It was terrible. The rice was salty the beans were overcooked and flavorless. The taquitos looked like they were purchased from Costco and reheated. They were burned on the bottom. The nachos were the worst I have every had. They were soggy, no cheese found anywhere and the chicken was salty. I do not recommend.
4	This is a fun tradition if you are in the Gilbert area.  Several high end food trucks gather in downtown Gilbert every Friday night.  Normally there is a guy playing guitar (and he's really good) and 5-10 trucks offering a variety of choices.  The food is always excellent and the atmosphere is fun and lively.
3	Super fun. Lots of good truck choices. Not too fond of the location or the seating options. Pretty small area for the amount of people that come out. Love the queso truck a aioli burger was packed (their burgers are so good). It's fun for a last min dinner decision.
5	They offer some of the best food I've ever had! love going here with friends because there is something for everyone.
4	Great variety of high quality food trucks! We brought 3 toddlers on a Friday night which ended up being a little difficult. Seating is limited and the area the trucks are in is very congested with all the food truck fans. It's a unique thing to have such a great turn out of food trucks in one spot. Defiantly try this out if you want something new for your weekend night.
