5	A charity store, in Newington with a very good variety of objects- I found here the wicker basket I needed for a theatre play. Their stock keeps changing, but you will usually find some old golf clubs, furniture of sorts all in very good condition with very reasonable price to match. There is also a cafe inside as well.It's one of many in this City, but I particularly like this one because it's a bit quieter than the others, and easier to browse through. It's all for charity dedicated to helping homeless and vulnerable people, so it's a win win for all!
4	A charity shop and a cafe? What a novel idea!This Bethany outlet is very spacious, with the usual charity shop offerings such as clothing and books. They also have enough room to store some furniture, which in my previous visit included some lovely antique oak wardrobes.Aside from the neatly ordered layout, what makes this Bethany stand out from its counterparts is the cafe running down the side of the store. They sell homemade cakes, teas and light snacks so if you become too exhausted bargain hunting, you can take five without having to move to a neighbouring tea room.A bit more magical than your average charity shop, Bethany gives me yet another excuse to drink tea - to have a brew for a good cause!
4	If you are looking to buy furniture in Edinburgh, it can a bit of a challenge to get hold of it on a budget.  Many will just head to Ikea, but although you get many good places with furniture in Edinburg, none can beat this place for the range of good value furniture on offer.  In addition to this, if you are looking for some suitcases then this place cannot be beaten as far as I'm concerned and for very little money you should be able to buy something that will be more than able to satisfy your needs.Don't mistake me into thinking that the range is what makes this place special, because there are places that do offer bigger ranges, but this always comes at a premium and you rarely get places that offer a range of cheap furniture, so that is where it stands out as a place where you get a choice of cheap furniture.  If you have a house that needs furnishing or are in need of suitcase for your summer travels then this is most certainly the place to come.  You do also get a cafe and other ranges here, but to be honest they don't stand out in the same way and it would be foolish to focus on anything other than the areas where this place excels.
