5	Sasha and the crew have done an amazing job with the new place, and the food just amazing as it was at the previous location. I'm excited for them and I'm excited to have 24 Carrots closer to my work. Thank you Sasha, Amanda, and all the rest of the crew (both new and continuing).
5	If "5 Stars" is "as good as it gets" then 24 Carrots is well deserving of that rating. Because this place in its new location at Guadalupe Rd and McClintock Dr (just west of Baskin Robbins) is nothing short of phenomenal! The new venue boasts of a much larger dining area; is brightly lit (thanks to the entire north wall consisting of windows); has Vegan, Raw, and Gluten-free bakery items; as well as a cutting-edge Veg and Raw menu that consists of innumerable items that will absolutely-positively knock your socks off with flavor!  One thing that stands out at 24 Carrots, in comparison to other Veg restaurants of this type, is the freshness of the ingredients. Picture produce from local farms. Imagine produce handpicked by the owner that very day. Think taste explosion with each and every bite! And this isn't just a once-in-a-while sort of thing, as 24 Carrots changes their menu weekly to reflect what's available from their dedicated local suppliers.But the food at 24 Carrots is much more than just morsels as fresh as the morning dew. That's because 24 Carrots' redwoods-among-spruce reputation can be found in the sheer uniqueness and creativity of the menu items themselves. For this is no ordinary Veg food consisting of fake-meat sandwiches on vanilla-white bread or bland, grossly-overpriced rice bowls. Instead, you're getting is a bumper crop of culinary originality, food created by climbing mountains that other venues of this type have not yet dared to scale. And just when you think it can't get any better, 24 Carrots routinely tops themselves with some new flavor sensation that will curl your toes and shake, rattle, and roll your taste buds with utter delight!Also, the new location has a much bigger staff, yet equally as friendly (thanks to greatly-expanded kitchen space having abundant room for more help), and that means they can now crank out their culinary masterpieces in short order.  And there's even comfy couches and chairs to sit on for people waiting for their lickety-split orders. Though, if time is not an issue, feel free to just hang out and sample one of their hit-the-spot juices or smoothies while you surf the web (and, of course, the Yelp website) on 24 Carrots' free Wi-Fi.   Overall, my two thumbs are up, waaaaaaaaaaaaayyyy up(!) for the new 24 Carrots, which is setting the bar awfully high for outstanding Veg and Raw food in the southeast Valley of the Sun. Bravo!
5	This is probably my favorite vegan restaurant! Their smoothies are to die for, they have so many juice options, and their food is creative and delicious! I was very happy with their service. Our cashier was smiling and happy to answer my questions and our server was prompt and polite. I plan on coming back as often as I can.
5	Awesome breakfast spot for vegans.  The vegan eggs & bacon taste just like the real thing.  You'll pay a bit more than your average diner, but aren't you worth it?  Amazing pancakes and stick-to-your-guts oatmeal.
5	Today was the first time I tried this restaurant and I loved the food!  The service was quick and the place was clean and spacious.  I'm looking forward to eating here again.
2	Tasty sandwich.  Thanks for gluten free options. Love the fresh and local fruits and veggies.
4	New location, new menu same name.First off this is a cafe and juice bar as the food is not just some second thought. There are vegetarian, raw and vegan dishes, salads, burgers wraps quesadillas and more. And now there is ample seating for all. However the patio has yet to open.My BLT burger was decent, but the patty itself was a bit too carby and dry for my tastes. We also got the browned coli-flour rolls and they were amazing, Great flavors.Portion size for the prices is a bit small but this seems to be the norm in this segment.  Hopefully they will stay open a bit later for dinner.
5	I really love this place. The food is fresh, creative and excellent. I love the Smokey TLT with avocado. The tempe 'bacon' is made on premises and is crunchy and delicious. There are also wraps, plates, bakery items and more.Their juices are interesting combinations of fruit and veggies that are delicious and filling. The owner, Sasha, came to our table to greet us and insure all was well. Very nice lady who is dedicated to healthy eating and quality organic ingredients. Great place for vegetarians, vegans, raw foodists, gluten intolerants and many others with dietary restrictions or preferences, and it tastes good for "regular" folks too. The only two downsides are probably unavoidable. Number one, it is rather noisy with the blenders going to make the juices and smoothies, and no soft surfaces on the floors or walls to absorb the sound. The other is the price. This is not a cheap place to go, but you get what you pay for and I believe the value is there.Best to luck to 24 Carrots in its new location!
5	My favorite place to. Get healthy AND delicious breakfasts and lunch. The new location is wonderful.
5	24 Carrots is a rare commodity in the modern world of restaurants, where most food is factory farmed, highly processed, and prepared using nutrient stripping, unhealthy methods.  I have been eating their fresh and ever-changing food creations as well as drinking their fresh juices and smoothies for several years, dating back to their original location in Chandler.  It is really nice to see them expand into this new location in Tempe, where they are growing and getting the exposure they deserve.  They offer healthy, delicious options for raw, vegan, and gluten free eaters.  Sasha, the owner, took time to sit with me and give me valuable tips and suggestions for choosing to go on a raw cleansing diet.  Very warm, knowledgable, and hospitable.  She even let me try a raw dessert on the house!  I give this restaurant five stars and would love to see it continue to grow and succeed.  It may be slightly more expensive than your average lunch spot, but the quality is noticable if you know what's good for your health.
4	Fresh, healthy, and vegan are the key words here at 24 Carrots. Prices here are a little high, but you're paying a premium for the quality and freshness of the food they serve.We came here on a Saturday afternoon, and the restaurant was bustling with patrons eating tasty brunches. Remembering how empty the previous restaurant, Efe's Turkish Cuisine used to be, it's a welcome change to see a steady stream of customers in this space!The menu is strictly vegan, and they offer options such as faux burgers made with beet, tofu as egg substitutes, and apple chorizo hash. I decided on the breakfast burrito ($9.75) to go.Our order was neatly packaged and placed in a nice white shopping bag with utensils and napkins. When we got home, I opened up my to go container to see something that looked more like a breakfast "wrap" than a burrito. There were multiple layers of spinach tortilla/wrap holding the ingredients together, and there were a plethora of crisp, leafy greens in the wrap, along with other ingredients such as apple chorizo, scrambled tofu, and garlic sauce. The flavor was fresh, spicy, and an interesting balance of savory and sweet.My husband got the Arizona bowl, which looked more like a hearty salad rather than a breakfast meal. Despite him wanting to come here specifically, I guess the idea of a vegan breakfast didn't appeal to him after thinking about it, since he promptly cooked up some eggs and bacon and mixed them in with his bowl when we got home!They also offer smoothies and fruit drinks, which I'd like to try some day. If you're vegan, vegetarian, or just looking for a healthy meal, 24 Carrots is the place to be.
5	So glad there's a local vegan place now!  Went in today for a late lunch (weekday around 3-ish) and had the place to myself!  It's a beautiful and spacious restaurant with local art for sale on the walls and fresh flowers on each table.  They have a selection of teas, juices, smoothies, and sparkling water--don't expect a soda fountain here!  They also have a tempting dessert case filled with chocolates, cakes, and cupcakes.  Yum!  I ordered the broccoli curry stir fry--peanut coconut rice noodles, bok choy, carrots, mushrooms, and broccoli served over a bed of fresh greens.  Great flavor, portion size, and not too pricey.  Filled me up...but still had room for dessert.  Tried the coconut lime cupcake which was really good!Will definitely be back!
4	We went here based on the rave reviews of a co worker. The original location seems to have been in Chandler on Chandler Blvd, but that placed closed so we had to come here.I ended up getting the nachos, my co workers got the quesadilla and one of then got a protein soup. When the soup came out it was deep purple! However my friend reported that it tasted fine... my nachos were decent but tasted more like Indian chaat than nachos (fine by me). They have a large selection of smoothies and their menu changes frequently. I'll be back if I'm in Tempe again.
5	This is new in Tempe and I am glad it is right around the corner! I love that the food is fresh and they try and use the best ingredients possible. The atmosphere is great, I love the decor and how they serve you water in your own individual glass bottle for the table. They have a little seating area with couches and board games that would seem to be fun to hang out at night or on a weekend afternoon. With the hours I work it is hard to get there when they are open so I hope with the more business they get, the longer they will stay open!
5	I am not vegan or vegetarian, but the freshness of 24 Carrots' dishes and ingredients is what drew me in, and I was not disappointed! I ordered the carrot cake pancakes and they were to die for! Yes the meal was on the pricier side, but knowing my food was all natural made it worth the price, and I could definitely taste the difference. It's a shame I don't live in Arizona anymore; I look forward to going to 24 Carrots the next time I am out there and trying something new- or just ordering the carrot cake pancakes again!
2	I finally had the time to get to 24 Carrots today, only to find out they're not open on Sundays. Very disappointing, so I drove a few miles to Piicazzo's (NE corner of Kyrene and Warner) to get my organic juice. I'll try to get to 24 Carrots another time, but Sundays seem to be my out and about day.
3	I loved you the first time I visited a few weeks ago and now you disappoint me. You're out of almond butter which was the highlight for one of your breakfast selections and subbed peanut butter. Not the same!! The smoothies were just as good as the first time, but the fruit on my breakfast was a bit lackluster. I want to love you again and will try one more time hoping for the glory of that first time.
5	Love this new-ish local eatery and juice bar. They just moved and are already running smoothly. Great food. Family friendly. Loved the Cucumber Cooler juice and the BBQ unchicken and lentil quesadilla. Also got the raspberry coconut bread pudding yum! Most of all love the people. Thanks 24 carrots!
3	The food here is good: fresh, flavorful, and creative. Unfortunately, the coffee is weak. I got a soy latte which was largely milk. Whatever coffee was in it lacked flavor.
4	I'm not a vegan nor a vegetarian, yet I love this place!! So far I've had a green smoothie and three brunch items - Arizona bowl, breakfast burrito, and carrot pancakes - and they are all so delicious! The carrot pancakes are especially delectable. They are so flavorful it's unreal, they almost taste like a cinnamon bun. It is a little pricier than I would typically like to pay (though not outrageous by any means) but it is worth the price; everything I've gotten has great flavor and is a pretty good portion, not to mention the ingredients they use are all local and natural/unprocessed. The place is adorable and pretty quiet and I enjoy going there by myself sometimes just to read.The only cons I have are the price (but again, what I've had has been worth what I've paid) and every time I go I have to wait about 15 minutes for my food, no matter what I order or whether there are other customers in there or not. Overall, great place! I have come back a few times and I will continue to!
5	Great service, great food, great atmosphere! There has been nothing but good experiences here. Please keep it up!
5	I love this place!! As someone who is gluten, dairy, soy and corn free, I can eat almost everything here. I've always been delighted at my dish and dessert. Very happy they moved to Tempe and therefore closer to where I live.
5	Incredibly impressive customer service. Sasha and crew worked all day on a gluten free carrot cake for my sister in-law.  Sasha worked extra hard even after I arrived and walked the cake out to my car to ensure it was perfect. I had a smoothie while I waited, which was also delicious. Thank you Sasha and crew for your outstanding work!!! :D
1	Just ate there. Food was bland and flavorless. We had to go and get a menu to verify what we ordered, as the menu claimed it came with certain things and toppings which did not make it to our plates. The burger has like warm mush that faintly tasted like potatoes. Salad unimpressive as well unfortunately.  $30 down the drain. Tempe and Phx has better options out there we hope...
5	24 C is the ultimate restaurant. Everything on their menu is delish. And for what you get considering that is organic the price is really reasonable.  I've had multiple great satisfying meals here and keep comimg back for more. This place is a true  culinary inspiration.
3	Ehhh .....a little bit too healthy for me. Okay - I admit, I just finished 90 minutes of hot yoga and just sweated buckets of water weight. So I thought why not try something healthy. Decided to try 24 Carrots and picked out their Smokey BLT Club and the Pesto Pasta. For you meat eaters I don't think this is the place for you but doesn't hurt to try. ;)Smokey BLT Club - you're thinking bacon, right? Wrong! It's their "house vegan bacon" which pretty much is warm firm tofu with some sauce on it, along with avocado, tomato, red onions, greens and aioli sauce covered by a multi grain sandwich bread. Also came with a side of hummus and carrots. If the "bacon" wasn't warm then the sandwich wouldn't have been as decent. Content. Pesto Pasta Primavera -- uh didn't realize that I think I ordered something completely different. Their pesto pasta says it has "Asparagus, carrot, red peppers, cabbage, kale, but free basil pesto, drizzle cashew cream" I ate whatever was on the plate bc I was so hungry. I'm looking back on the menu and confirmed I was given the Zucchini Noodles. Wow!! Totally missed that one. Didn't get asparagus. Didn't get red peppers. Didn't get carrots. What??!! Haha - mental note: should have realized there were missing ingredients. Ate it anyway since it was considered healthy. Overall content but got hungry later. Lesson: look at the plate for missing veggies!
5	Vegan. Organic. Tasty!! Food, smoothies, juice, coffee. Really enjoyed the butternut squash taco!
4	24 Carrots was my last vegan stop during a recent trip to Arizona.  I was hoping to try one of their weekly lunch offerings, but arrived too early!  I settled for a couple of their brunch options and they did not disappoint.  I ordered the Carrot Cake Pancakes and Arizona Bowl.  The pancakes were a great - fluffy with chunks of carrot and pumpkin seeds.  I also had a side of tofu bacon with them and it was really flavorful and had a great texture.  The Arizona Bowl was delicious - a mix of tofu, soyrizo, veggies, spinach, and avocado.  I think that my bowl was missing the cheese and beans, but it was still filling and really tasty.  I also tried a piece of almond coconut chocolate cake, which was yummy as well.  I was there the day after Easter (for which they were closed) so the baked goods and desserts case was empty, they were out of maple syrup, and my bowl seemed to lack a few components.  I understand that it was the day after a holiday, but really wish they had a bit more to offer.  I will definitely return the next time I'm in Arizona with the hopes of trying out more of their offerings!
2	My first impression was very disappointing. Ok, to give them the benefit of the doubt, their register crashed causing their disorganization. There wasn't a lot of people though and the four of us only ordered juices/smoothies. How hard is that?! I also ordered one of their chocolate balls from their bakery. They forgot it, so I had to go back up to the register to ask about it. The guy was apologetic and said he's bring it right over, which he did. Everyone got their smoothies and juices but me. I remained patiently waiting until my friends finished their drinks. I realized they forgot me again. I went back to the register and notified the girl there that I never got my cucumber cooler. She apologized, they made it right then and there and gave it to me. I was a little annoyed at all this.. So much that my review so far is solely based on customer service. While waiting I did have a sip of the Good Juju and berry smoothie. They were both delicious. This is the reason I might come back, but if the service is the same I certainly won't.
5	My wife and I were out photographing a wedding and we had time between the salon and getting ready at the hotel to get lunch. We found this hipster joint (which was right across the street from the salon) and said we had to try it. I had the breakfast burrito. A.Maze.Ing. So good. I can't wait to go back and then get to try something different from their menu!
1	No. No no no.It's places like this that give veganism, vegetarianism, and frankly vegetables, a bad name. We went here for Mother's Day and boy was it a mistake. We ordered the hummus to start which had about 1.5 tablespoons which wasn't even enough to dip all the vegetables we were given. Also it wasn't good. I had the BLT which was bland and had a weird taste. I also ordered the apple soyrizo hash which had no soyrizo in it and when I asked I was told it's just the flavor. Well then don't put that in the name of the item and also then where is the flavor coming from?? My brother had the avocado quinoa bowl and it was tasteless and missing items like black beans and my mom had the blueberry French toast... The toast was literally just toasted and there were barely any toppings, in fact she had to ask for more to make it edible. Also the free mom-mosa that was to come for my mom took 45 mins: ridiculous. Apparently the smoothies are good so my recommendation is - make it a smoothie bar... Smoothies, coffees, dessert.. That'd be great.  But don't do food. I cook vegan food and it can be delicious. This was not that. And it was way overpriced for what it was. Someone did come over to ask us how it was and when we told her she offered to refund us, which we declined, or give us a gift certificate which we did accept.. But that's always like cool your food was bleh gimme more! We may return to try something else but well see. Not in a rush. We got Baskin Robbins after. Can't go wrong there.
1	We live in the area and decided to try it....I think it is WAY over priced for what you get.  Compared to other places around Tempe and the area like Delish or Greens where main items are between $6-$9, 24 Carrots is charging $11+ for the same items also their juice prices are way to high for the amount!  I went ahead and ordered a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for my kids.  They charged me $5.00 for 1/2 of a sandwich and a few pieces of fruit. It was truly pathetic that they think they can get away with charging that kind of money for literally 1 single piece of bread with about 1 teaspoon of jelly and peanut butter on it that cost them about 20 cents to make.  I don't mind paying for my kids food if they actually get food but if I have to spend $10.00 for 1 full PB&J sandwich then I have to express my concern.  My beet burger was good....not $11 dollars good, unless they lower their prices then I fear they will not be around for a very long time. I went recently to Daily Dose and spent the same amount on a HUGE vegetarian burger and order of kids cheesy pasta for my two small kids to share...we both had leftovers, but not at 24 Carrots we all left hungry.  I should of know by the sign that is posted in the front window that says "no outside food or drinks" that others must of tried to bring in cheaper items because they too didn't want to pay for over priced mediocre food either. ;-(
3	The smoothies are great, especially the tropic thunder. Although they are extremely slow. Last week in particular waiting for my smoothie it was as though they cooked everyone's food before they could make my smoothie, it was nearly 10 minute wait for something so simple. My visit yesterday was better, still a little on the slow side. If you want a good healthy juice or smoothie come here just set some time aside.
5	Food was very delicious.  I tried the burger and it was good.  I liked how i asked for.ketchup and they brought out freshly made ketchup.  Very very friendly staff.  Highly recommend it
5	Great ambiance at this vegetarian/vegan restaurant! First saw it on Instagram while looking for healthy places to eat while traveling from Seattle to Tempe! The staff and owner were friendly and attentive and our two dishes were excellent!! Fairly priced at $10 or under and quality and amount of food is a great value! We are coming back for brunch!!
1	My wife and I went in around lunch time. There was literally no one there and no one acknowledged that we were there for several minutes. There was only one item in the entire glass case. We stood around awkwardly until we saw the laminated menus in the holder on the wall. We decided to try a juice before we ate so I ordered a carrot-orange juice. It was about $5 and came out luke-cold. I felt pretty disappointed at that point to we left. It is a really cool looking place but the service and food seemed really sub-par, especially for the price. I see a lot of positive reviews so I may try this place again but my time there was definitely a 1-star experience.
3	It is certainly vegan and you pay extra for that - which is more than reasonable if you want  a place with multiple options with absolutely no animal products. I would eat here again but prices are a bit high for my blood, especially since there are a number of other options - bottom line - good food, just a bit high relative to the surrounding area.
5	I love this place so much!!! I would eat here every day if I could afford to. Prices are good for decent portions of super high quality, fresh, healthy food. They change their menu every week, which keeps it exciting (although I've been longing for the Zucchini Noodle Alfredo to come back ever since I tasted it). My mom and I are addicted to their cashew cream sauce and anything made with it, although unfortunately they make more tomato-based items.I've had Raw Tacos, Stuffed Tomatoes, salads and breakfast items and LOVED them all. I want to try every single thing on the menu. Oh and don't get me started on the dessert case! Incredibly delicious vegan desserts. As someone who tries to follow a natural, plant-based diet, this place is a dream!The only negative thing I would say is sometimes service isn't great, and they'll let you stand at the counter for a while without acknowledgement. But some of the people there are sweet. Their juices and smoothies look great, but I make that stuff at home so I haven't tried them. And when I took my sister here, she stated that it was "too healthy" for her. That said, this is still a 5-star review because this place is fantastic.
4	Great place. As with most of the juice bars around the valley drinks are kinda on the pricey side but what you are getting is definitely a healthy FRESH drink. Cannot vouch for food but menu is totally vegan and vegetarian friendly. Very cute place!!
4	I finally found this place again after they moved!  It's a bit hard to find actually.  I had driven by it for weeks until I made the effort to figure out where it was.  They only have a banner in the window and the door is hidden behind an alcove on the end of the shopping center so it makes it pretty hard to see driving by.  They are in the Trader joe's shopping center on the opposite end.  Hopefully they are getting a new sign so that people can find them.  I will have to say they are 100% better in the new location.  The staff is super friendly and helpful, there is plenty of room and the food service time has been really fast the four or five times I have been. They keep the web site updated with their menu since it rotates from week to week which is always nice to be able to check before heading over.  Keep up the good work.Try:- Raw "PASTA" Marinara
3	Service is slow!  The staff when I was in there was young and seems hesitant. They move around the back counter very tentatively.  I wanted to jump back there and help them fix my food. I came here to eat not watch you wander around looking lost!Ambiance is new hippy. It's eclectic, but not as cute as other places. The food was excellent!  I had half a BLT which was excellent!  I also had hummus and carrots and the sweet potato lentil soup. Hands down the best lentil soup I've ever had.  I had the carrot, apple, and pineapple juice!  Delicious!  I want to give them a higher rating based on the food. The service just didn't do it for me.
5	Some of the nicest peeps and the vibe of the entire spot is definitely an incentive to want to go again and again!
5	Great juices and lunches! I'm not in the area often but would go out of my way just to come back!
5	Absolutely brilliant vegan food, excellent service and great juices! I would recommend this to anyone looking for healthy fare.
4	24 Carrot is a very bright and enjoyable addition to the area. They specialize in fresh juices and vegan meals and baked goods. This is the second time I've been here in 2 days. The staff has been very pleasant  and the food is very fresh and tastie. I am not vegan nor am I vegetarian for that matter, though I try to maintain a healthy diet and am always looking to cut back on my meat consumption. I recommend the Southwest Wrap and both smoothies I have tried (Tropic Thunder & Berry Beet Up)  have been quite good. Expect to spend around $20 for a meal and smoothie together.
4	I can't believe I just found 24 Carrots! I had heard... But not seen. They are still waiting for City of Tempe to approve sign. HURRY! People that eat well need to find you! A TRUE Vegan (not GF) kitchen. Spacious & open, with a fresh casual vibe. Great menu options that are based on local farmed foods for the week. Prices reflect quality - a little higher for healthy, fresh & local but worth it & fair! Portion sizes are great, food display, quality DELICIOUS!  I had a bowl of beet soup, 1/2 BLT with vegan tofu (non GMO) bacon & sunflower seed Tu-no salad!!! Lavender & Hibiscus tea... With tip $22 out the door but taking all the salad with me.The owner comes out & met the crowd asked questions etc. I would give 5 stars but "waitress" sluggish & hum-dee-dum. It could use a good cleaning. Floors dirty, windows, fingerprints on glass cases. A hardworking server could be managing that. I'll be back for food!
4	Thanks to the foodies on Yelp, I was able to at least find the correct corner of 24 Carrots new location!   The house vegan blt was tasty.  The bread was toasted just right and the beet soup was vibrant in flavor!  I would order this again!
5	Live raw vegans dream cafe! I love the food, the juices and the vibe. Owner is very friendly and spent the time chatting with us.
5	24 carrots is a new little gem in Tempe (previously in Chandler, AZ for 5 years). Having moved from the San Fran Bay Area, it was a pleasant surprise to find a great little Raw/Vegan restaurant in the area. The menu selection is great for lunch, and if you get there before 11, they have a good breakfast menu as well. We tried multiple dishes, and all of them were excellent to amazing. The nachos were delicious, with spiralized beets, yummy cashew cream, and a very healthy portion size. We then had a very tasty salad, and hummus plate. They have a kids menu as well, and we ordered the "grilled cheese" for our daughter, which she promptly demolished. The desserts selection had so many great looking options, we had to restrain ourselves to just a few (we'll definitely be back for more). The raw pumpkin cheesecake was incredible, and our daughter was over the moon with her banana split muffin. The ambience was relaxed, and we chose to eat on the couches by the front entrance (where there is toys and books ala community style). Sasha, the owner (along with her husband), have created a wonderful little oasis for anyone enjoys raw and vegan fare, or just looking for a little cafe with a relaxed vibe.Highly recommended.
5	EX-SQUEEZE ME, how is it that I didn't know sooner that this lovely cafe exsisted?? I had not seen it before on my many trips around the corner to Changing Hands Bookstore. It's tucked away like a secret, but this one is meant to be shared. A hidden hole in the wall of flavor and serenity this will quickly become my go to place! 24 Carrots is filled with vegan options for breakfast or lunch, gluten free goodies, coffee, tea, fabulous concoctions of fruit & vegtable juice and smoothies, friendly service, books and even a cozy corner to curl up and read in. They offer an irresistable shelf of books where you can take one home free with the promise if you take one you leave one. I enjoyed the Blue Pom Bomb a sweet mixture of blueberry, pomegranate, strawberry and apple juice and the potato leek soup,that came with a kick of spice, loved it! I'll definitely be back, not just because I owe them a book but there are so many delecatable delights to be had. That pumpkin smoothie is whispering my name.... I can't wait to return to this sweet escape of a cafe...
5	My boyfriend and I stumbled across 24 Carrots this past weekend while in Tempe and thank God we did because this place is amazing! The restaurant itself is super cute but their extensive menus are the best part! Sasha, the owner, came over to our table to introduce herself and was hands down one of the sweetest, most passionate people I have ever met. I just.wish I lived closer to this restaurant so I could visit more often!
5	Why wouldn't I give anything less than 5 stars? Let me start off w/ what I love MOST, other than it being a vegan restaurant, I love the ORGANIC options! YES! I saw that they offer organic tortilla chips, what a bonus, many restaurants try to save on this & offer GMO tortilla chips, that I never eat.I love that this restaurant uses seasonal foods, supports local whenever they can, and that they use organic whenever possible. My mom & I really enjoyed the food, it was delicious! I cannot wait to go back!I appreciate the values behind this restaurant and I also appreciate the QUALITY food!
2	This used to be a 5 star from me as the food is usually very good and completely vegan with gluten free options that are cooked to order, not the typical gluten free default breads and tortillas that other places use.  The reason for this review though, is that the place has really been off their game lately.  This is so sad because I want to love them and I keep giving chances almost weekly! All summer I have been going there, but more than 75% of the time they are closed during hours that their website and yelp state should be opened.  This is beyond frustrating as they are across town for me and also I have tried to bring a few different friends from out of town only to get there and have to find another place.  usually when I get to eat there, the food is phenomenal; however, I have noticed portions getting smaller and smaller and when the owner is not there they always "run out" of gluten free bread (which is made to order so read: don't feel like mainf it).  Finally, I went yet again today to order my favorite thing, the "BLT gluten free", which I have ordered for four years now, and it was literally about a quarter of the size that it used to be.  I could have eaten it in 3 bites and it was $12.50!! I never usually complain but I did ask if I could either get more or be charged for a half order, since that is what I got.  They were nice and gave me another micro mini sandwich but they both were completely undressed and very different from the usual deliciousness.  They were mediocre at best.  I'm really disappointed and after 4 months of really unfortunate disappointments, not sure I want to keep giving chances to this place... Ugh there goes one of the few vegan options I have... Really hope they get it together Bc I miss 24 carrots!
4	If you're looking for healthy, fresh and delicious vegan and/or raw options, look no further than 24 Carrots.My first visit here was on Mother's Day of this year. I got a naked breakfast burrito, sans vegan cheese. It was perfectly seasoned and I was so pleasantly surprised by how fresh the veggies tasted.  The breakfast burrito comes with bacon, but my bowl was lacking the veggie bacon. However, I didn't mention the snafu. My DD ordered Banana Foster pancakes and she let me taste them. They were... interesting? They had a weird consistency; not pancake-y at all. We wondered if maybe they were gluten-free? But again, we didn't ask. The service was good, and I love that we were given our own personal water pitcher. I finally went back to try some of the lunch items that I'd been eye-balling for months.Smokey BLT club (no T): I got mine with a side of chips and salsa. Very tasty and flavorful, although I am not a fan of their veggie bacon. It's not firm or crunchy enough for my liking. And I didn't like the salsa; it's very tomato-y, and I don't like tomatoes (hence my holding the "T" from the BLT). The aioli sauce on the sandwich was bomb though.Buffalo Cauliflower wrap: I got mine extra spicy, no celery or carrots, but with a side of carrots and hummus. OMG. Let me tell you... Ask and ye shall receive. *waves church fan* That Sriracha was KICKING! I needed the earth and the wind to calm that fire! It was, however, amazingly delicious. Sometimes, a dish is just all heat, and no flavor. But no. The flavor was definitely present, along with that heat. I like hot and spicy foods, so the watering eyes, burning buds, and duck lips trying to such in the air flow to cool my mouth was all good times for me. For kicks, I'll try it with the normal spice level next time to see how I like it. Excellent dish!Desserts:Puddin Pear tart. It was tasty, but not worth the $5.50 they charge for the tiny slither they give you.Black Forest Cake: Yes! Moist, decadent chocolate cake, with a sweet and creamy icing on top and in the middle, topped with a cherry. Divine! Definitely worth the $6.25.Lots of smoothie options (I've never tried any of them). 100% vegan, lots of organic and raw options for foods and desserts. Food is always fresh and it's filling, yet light. They support local farms and businesses.  The owner likes to switch up the menu. I like this concept. I keep checking their Facebook page to see when they'll re-introduce the meatloaf that I want so badly to try. A solid 4.5, but I think some things are over priced, and I don't like the fact that there is still no overhead signage. If you don't know where you're going, it's a pain trying to find it.   Oh, and the hours on here are currently wrong. They are currently open 8am-7pm, Tue-Sat, and 8am-2pm on Sundays; closed Mondays. Not sure if the hours will change come winter, so it's best to call ahead to double check.
5	The Pumpkin Enchilada Stack for $10.75 is fun, delicious and a little spicy.They have several raw dishes.
