5	Monkey Joe's party offerings are great!  My kids have been to MJ's before, and what kid wouldn't like a ton of inflatables to jump on and slide down?  Kids turn into crazy little maniacs with all the protection that the inflatables offer.This is definitely the place to have a birthday party.  You won't find yourself catering to a bunch of kids to have fun.  They'll just take off...and do their own thing, and they won't get out of the door without their parent or guardian.A party room and a host take care of party business.  The guy that helped our party today was incredibly nice and was great with the kids.  I was most impressed by this because he didn't seem too long-in-the-tooth.  Besides being great, he served everybody their pizza and drinks and even cleaned up after the party.For those of you that have had your kids' parties at your house, you can appreciate the "not having to clean up" factor.  If you're lucky, Monkey Joe himself may be there to say hello.
3	I had a groupon to this spot and took my nephews. Once getting over their initial shyness they had a great time on just about every blow up bouncy item! They had a great time. The only part that I was disappointed in was the game area--half of the games were out of order. No skee ball. No basketball. Bummer. My nephews had pizza..which they ate like champs and continued playing. Overall great day for the kids! Breakdown--Bouncy items: some wear and tear but didn't feel that I needed to Purell the placeGames: Ugh, more out of order signs than working machinesFood: Can you go wrong with kiddie food like pizza and cotton candy in a kid's world, not really.
4	I normally don't like these sort of places.  But I was off work and my 3 year old was itching for something to do, I had a coupon so off we go.  We got there early enough, around 10:15 and it wasn't crowded at all.  This is a good thing because the more crowded it gets, the greater a chance for broken bones.  I like that when you get there, check in, sign your life away with the standard waiver they give both kids and parents a matching bracelet which they match up upon leaving so nobody walks off with little Johnny.Monkey Joes is clean, and there are plenty of bounce houses for every age group.  My daughter had an absolute ball.  When you get tired of jumping they have a nice concession stand and game area.  The game area was really nice with a little merry go round, a water ducky game, skee ball and best of all Whack a Mole!!!  The staff is very helpful and friendly and I left with a great impression and would definitely return.
4	My second time at this location and even though it is smaller slightly in comparison it is a great place for kids. My two year old and nine year old both equally love it.  Occasionally they offer deals, not as much though as the other locations. The location is perfect because it is close to the mall so it can be a reward for behaving or better yet drop the husband and kids off and come back top get them when done. My only issue is I wish I could leave and come back with the kids so we can go grab lunch. About the business and smoke, I noticed it on a Saturday but today, Monday of spring break, it is completely different, no smoke, clean bathrooms, and not a lot of kids. Notice picture I took of inside from one wall to the next.
4	I like this place a lot and my son loves it. Enjoys going on everything and keeps him entertained for hours. He doesn't ever want to leave when we come here. Great choice for your little toddlers.
