5	Incredible products as well as fantastic customer service from the business owner, Sarah.  The village in which she is located is absolutely beautiful.  The scents that she creates are a personal gift to you.  All natural ingredients are evident when you use them.  Thank you, Sarah!
5	I found this place a year ago by accident. I was actually interested in some art work at another store and the person happened to be on break at The Fragrance Factory. It is absolutely beautiful with all the blown glass, artwork, and 3 foot candles. In the middle of the store is a bar with a ton of test tubes with different scents. Sarah, the owner, greeted me and I immediately knew we were going to love this store. As I was talking with her about her store she is mixing something. She hands me a small spray bottle. I smell it and fall in love. That was my first time smelling her Prosperity Spray. I decided to go ahead and buy a large bottle. It is so fresh smelling and it is so refreshing to spray on throughout the day or during a long shift at work. Since I started to use it my income shot through the roof, no joke. It has replaced all of my designer perfumes and I won't go anywhere with out it. In this last year I have also bought candles, and I LOVE the bath salt, in prosperity scent of course. The stress reliever candle is amazing. She has a scent for everything or you can go in and create your own. If you are in Vegas, you owe it to yourself to stop in at the Fragrance Factory, it is one of my favorite stores.
5	i love fragrance factory!! my own unique perfumes, oils and candles!
5	Very impressed. My husband and I decided to make a trip out to Lake Las Vegas and found this little shop. It is a mixture of an art gallery and fragrance shop. The candles are quite reasonable for the quality. They burn clean and are highly fragrant. I also picked up some skin care products, a body butter, a face cream, and a facial cleanser. You can have them customed scented. I have very dry skin and am very finicky about the products I use. So far I am very happy with everything. The owner was knowledgable and helpful.I would highly recommend this shop and will definately be back myself.
5	Just visiting from Memphis, but what a great place in the middle of the desert that doesn't offer you slot machines or gambling.  The products the Fragrance Factory offer are no games nor gamble.  Only top end and high quality products from candles, creams, and body cleaners.  If your anywhere in the area, please take time to stop by for a treat unlike any other, and tell Sarah you found her place on Yelp.
5	What a fantastic place!! I've walked by it in the past after hours and I kept telling myself someday I want to stop in there, and I'm glad I did.  I've always wanted to create my own original "signature scent" and with Sarah's help, I certainly did, it was exactly how I imagined it would be, and the price was great, I made one for my wife as well.  This little gem in the middle of Lake Las Vegas is a place that definitely should not be ignored.  I will definitely be back for more;  The price for the custom oils is less than what I thought, and the glass art is hard to rate, I think it's very reasonable for what it is, but I don't know enough about the prices of glass art to rate , but the quality looks outstanding to say the least.  Thanks Sarah!
5	I love all the products from The Fragrance Factory! Thanks so much for my current products: Triple lemon wood wick candle, tea tree facial wash and the lavender jojoba oil!!! Also, thanks Sarah for always helping me find new scents, especially for the fall!!!! If you haven't checked this store out yet, you're missing out. Oh and she ships products as well...so awesome!!!
5	Thanks to Living Social, I found out about this place. Even though there was a special event going on when my girls and I went, it wasn't busy, which allowed us to take our time... we apparently needed it. There are so many oils to pick from, all laid out to sniff with ease. The lovely lady behind the counter helped us mix some scents until we found the fragrance that captured our essence. It took us about 2 hours to pick out our blended oil, which prices at $24 (mixing 3 scents at regular price).Any time I wear the oil, I get so many compliments... wish you could smell me now. LOL. I strongly suggest going in with a general idea of your fave fragrances, as it will make it easier to narrow down your options. Hopefully, you leave with an amazingly personalized signature scent. I'd tell you mine, but it would no longer be "signature" to me. :-)
4	This place was lovely! My friends and I went to The Fragrance Factory after buying a Living Social deal for it. We got to create our own fragrance. You can sample different scents and combine them. I'm terrible with names, but the lady that owns the place was very patient with us. Hey, it takes time to create the perfect scent! I ended up with a lovely fragrance and my friends did as well. It was a great experience.
5	I went in there just to see and walked out with 5 personalized fragrances!!! She really knows her blends!! Thank you for all your help and patients
