5	I'm so excited about the opening of this new location!!!! its only a couple of miles from my house and so far it has not been packed when I go in. (that is until word gets out about it. lol) The staff is friendly and generous with the portions, they have not skimped me once. The whole place is nice and clean plus the condiments ,and utensils were filled. Being that its brand new I had to check out the bathroom which was clean. lol (yes i have an OCD issue with bathrooms being dirty. check previous reviews. lolol) But like I've said before when the bathroom is clean that typically means the staff is clean. I LOVE CHIPOTLE:)
4	I'm not a huge fan of Mexican food, but if anyone I know ever tells me they're in the mood for Mexican, this would probably be where we'd end up.I ordered a bowl with the lime rice, pinto beans, chicken, sour cream, etc.  It was absolutely delicious!  I have a fairly common gene that makes cilantro taste something like awful soap, so I was disappointed to find that they did not offer rice without cilantro.  I picked out the larger pieces of cilantro and the bitter flavor of the smaller pieces were overpowered by the immense flavor of the other ingredients.Overall, I loved my lunch at Chipotle and WILL be returning for seconds!
5	Glad Chipotle has finally come to Charlotte.  If you want fast, very fresh mexican food this is the place to visit.  They have burritos, salads, burrito bowls, and tacos-all very good  Have been eating at Chipotles around the country and they are consistently great.  The thing that sets them apart is they are very clean, well staffed, and prepare all the food and meat fresh daily.   I dare you to take a close look behind the counter (and in the bathrooms) at some of the other chains like Qdoba and Mesquite, etc.  I have, and I will not return.   I suggest you hit Chipotle now before everyone else in Charlotte finds out about it , this location already has challenging parking.
5	When I moved to Charlotte from Ohio four years ago I PRAYED for the day they'd open a Chipotle down here! It pains me to admit it, but before there were any in Charlotte I did drive to the one by Hanes Mall in Greensboro to get my fix. Yikes, I know, right?Aside from the food being great (uhh, obviously if I'm willing to drive 2 hours for it!) everyone at this location is super friendly. I had only been in there two or three times for lunch when the staff recognized me as a familiar face. They're very accommodating, and in stark contrast to the employees at several other 'quick' restaurants, they seem genuinely happy to be making you great food, and to be working together.I've since turned several friends and co-workers on to this location as it's convenient and quick for many of us during the work week lunch hour. As with any Chipotle location, if you need to get in and out quickly you can call or fax your order in so it's ready when you arrive. Or if you're feeling *really* fancy you can order AND PAY using their online order tool or their iPhone app and just grab your food and run! At first I worried about the accuracy of this method, but not once have they messed up my order or had me wait for it when I got there. **My favorite from this restaurant: Steak burrito with black beans, corn salsa, sour cream and cheese with a  side of chips and guacamole THEIR GUACAMOLE IS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS! (but does cost $1.80 extra on your burrito...but is so worth it!)
3	This Chipotle (on Hwy 51 beside the Catholic High School) is ok but not as easy to get in and out of as the one on Providence Road.  For starters, they share a parking lot which is not laid out very well. Second, getting back out into the flow of traffic on 51 can be tough, even if you are taking a right out of the lot.  So, today I stopped in to grab some lunch to take back to the office,  and found that the service was pretty slow compared to my other visits to Chipotle.3 people had apparently ordered online and were now standing around waiting for their orders, which had not been prepared prior to their arrival. This sort of discombobulated  the entire line staff and the cashier.  When they finally took my order,  things flowed a little better until I got to the checkout.  There I had to wait for awhile so that the cashier could sort & bag the orders for the folks who had ordered online.  They need to figure out how to streamline the fulfullment of online orders so that it is more smooth and efficient.  Still, it's Chipotle - so the food is fresh and tasty... always a good choice when you want a quick and inexpensive meal.
5	Taco Salad rocks!!! Great food and freindly folks.
4	Chipotle has the best burritos in town!  Seriously, much better than Qdoba's, Moe's, Salsarita's, et al (I don't include Phat Burrito in this, that's a whole separate category).  Offer great portions and I highly recommend the steak burrito.  Just remember to use some Chipotlaway once you're finished!!
4	As an avid Chipotle-goer, I'm rather fond of this location. The locale is perfect to stop by for a quick lunch or dinner on the way home. All of the Chipotle oldies and goldies are here. Massive burritos and perky salsas. The manager of this location is stellar. She is so kind and always loves to chit chat. Very ship shape shop. No complaints! The outdoor patio is very cozy and quaint. The only gripe with this location is the entrance/exit. Good luck getting back onto 51 if traffic is heavy. Near impossible to make a quick turn and head towards 485/Park Rd. Also, if traffic is moving, you'll most likely never be able to make a left turn onto 51 without a never ending line of cars waiting and honking behind you. Beware! It's a tough one!
5	What is not to love about Chipotle!Awesome fresh ingredients, plenty of choices fresh delicious guacamole!What I love most about this place is that even though the menu is not extensive you know every time you go you will get the freshest products made the way you want it!Today I decided to get a chicken bowl...skipped the burrito to add extra cheese and sour cream (at least saying it that way makes me feel better). I had it topped with the hot salsa, corn salsa, sour cream, cheese and lettuce....chips and guac on the side and you have yourself a great meal!And it's so filling....I promise you will have enough for two meals...great meal and great experience! LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
5	Nothing bad to say. If you love Chipotle you will just be happy eating here. It's a nice location and the food is always good. I started eating Chipotle when they opened in Colorado before they were a chain. This location is on par with the original. Go eat and enjoy a burrito the size of your head!
5	awesome as usual
3	As a strict vegetarian, normally if a place serves me a vegetarian meal with a hidden piece of beef in it I cut the place off forever. But chipotle is so good even I had to come back again. 5 stars for food deliciousness. 1 star for not avoiding cross contamination.
5	This is by far the nicest Chipotle I've been in. Very clean, very modern-looking, friendly service. Everything was fresh, and prepared well. SO excited to have found this location!
3	Based on other burrito places in the area, Chipotle on Pineville-Matthews Road was okay.  The burrito I ordered (pork) and drink was a bit higher in price compared to other burrito places.  All drinks are coke products, no issue there.  The burrito itself was good, though it had a lot more rice than other products in it.  The facility is next to a Japanese steakhouse and has limited parking as a result.  Limited seating, with one spot constantly being dripped upon by the A/C above.
3	I love Chipotle, but whoever made the guac yesterday really messed up. There was so much salt in the guac that was almost all you could taste. I must say that the staff here were probably the friendliest bunch of staff I've encountered at a Chipotle. While the guac was terrible, the rest of the burrito was great. Excellent and really delicious which I always get coming here.
5	As a frequent Chipotle customer I was completely blown away by this location. The staff was very friendly and courteous. The steak burrito bowl that was made for me was outstanding. The steak was cooked perfectly and this location definitely did not skimp on the steak. I received two scoops and couldn't have been more happy.The guac was excellent as usual. Thought I received a few less chips than I am used to but the extra steak more than made up for it. Will definitely be back!
1	It is 7:00 on Sunday night 1/26/14I just got home from a horrible visit to what in the past has been a nice experience.With my family of six, we were all hungry and ready for some good fresh food.As we started to go down the food building line we ran into a girl rolling (or trying to) the burritos. She was yelling out what do you want...which was totally over the top...but she also was not listening and put things in our food we did not want.I watched her roll one of the burritos into a ball...literally looked like a small baseball.As she carelessly did this she of couse tore the tortilla...when I mentioned it to her she responded oh yea I was getting another one...which I doubt....as I could tell She could have cared less about any of it.We just moved on sorta of just rolling with it.When we got to the table...one of the burritos had a hugh amount of salsa in it even though the person did not want any tomatoe at all.Once again he said its ok...but really, for a $7.00+ burrito it should  at least be done correctly.My wife went back to get it done correctly...she asked for the manager.The cashier went to the grill guy...who apparently was the manager on duty...he just ignored my wifes request to speak with him. He walked to the back and was just going about his businessn like no big deal.On the 2nd request he finally did come over...my wife pointed out that the line worker was just putting on items at will..he said he noticed and would take care of it.A replacement was finally made after standing at the front for 5-10 minutes.When my wife opened her quesadilla the cheese was not even close to being melted.I decided to take it back up as she had just sat down again.I showed the same "manager" the quesadilla and asked hime to have the cheese melted...I watched him put the item, which was in foil, on the press and push down on it...he seemed unhappy to be bothered.When I got back to the table my wife opened her item and it was like one with the foil...totally preesed together and unable to eat.I again had to go back up...showed it to him...he was startled at this point and did remake it.Now back at the table I was ready to finnaly start eating my dinner.My back was to the line and my kids started to get real uncomfortable.I asked them what is wrong and they mentioned that the line crew were all looking at them and laughing.Now sometimes thing just dont turn out...i get it "Murphys Law".BUT when the employess are being this disrespectful to their guests it just crazy.As more people came through the line the "burrito Rolling Loud Girl" was intentionally (almost yelling) how are you doing today I'M GREAT...then laughing.We certainly did not go in tonight looking for trouble...just a good  no stress meal...that of course is not what we got.I did get the cards of the General Manager Marcus Davis and Apprentice Nichole Franks.I will call tomorrow and let them know about the apalling treatment.I have run restaurants in the past and would certainly want to know about such an event.I look forward to their reply.Good luck to future visitors...looks like a hit and miss place now.Patrick M
4	My husband had been craving Chipotle after Snowmaggeden began on Tuesday. Luckily after breaking out of the house Friday we had Valentines day dinner at Chipotle. Although not romantic, the food was great. They were out of chicken, so we traded up for the steak. My husband got the steak bowl with black beans, corn, salsa, and sour cream, while I got the steak quesadilla. The quesadilla is technically only on the kids menu, but if you, as an adult order one, they will make it accordingly. Also the adult size is around $6. I thought it was very good, and I tried some of my husbands bowl which came with a side of guacamole. You could tell the ingredients were fresh but my husband was a bit disappointed for lack of chicken.
2	Have been to this location multiple times and this was by far the worst customer experience I've had at any Chipotle. Line staff were rude (especially to my preteen children), double-charged me, and short-changed us on our chips and salsa order. Makes me wonder if Chipotle has become just another chain. . . .
2	Good value for fresh food fast and cheap however poor customer service is why I will only give this restaurant 2 stars. Line staff was extremely rude and rushed order. I eat at other locations and knew exactly what I wanted and I still felt rushed!!! Also staff tried to give me a dime size portion of meat on a taco order. When I asked for a more adequate serving I received a serving of attitude instead!
1	Disappointed. Not the usual Chipotle experience. Food did not taste fresh. Place was not clean. On the plus side, it wasn't crowded.
2	I think I like Salsarita's better. Chipotle is definitely better than Moe's. The service was not stellar. No smiles at all. It was my first time in a Chipotle & the assembly line mentality left a bad taste (figuratively). Not heading back anytime soon.
5	The people at this Chipotle are SO nice!! The food is awesome as usual and they are very generous with their servings. Love it!
2	Hmm I don't know how to explain this but I'll try my best. I felt uneasy at this location. The food was fine, personally I prefer moes. I'll stick to moes I liked the place better overall.
1	We love eating at Chipolte, but this location was the worst experience I have ever had at one of their restaurants. They were out of chips (no chips at a Mexican restaurant?!)They were out of lettuce.Black beans were crunchy (must have just come out of the can).Bathrooms were gross.Tables had not been wiped down and cleaned.This was on a Saturday night at 8 pm, so it was inexcusable to not have the basic food items available.
1	Useless people.. don't know where to complain now.They are treating me all the time like crap. It is a guy all the time working there in dinner time. I hate the way he treat me always. Is it because I am foreigner?  I already complained to chipotle and a nice customer service guy ensure me that they will take care of this store . But I guess this specific chipotle people not going to change at all. first they don't smile , it's okay if they don't want to but they don't give me food what I paid for. I am tiered of giving a chance. And I don't have any other  chipotle near to me now so done eating chipotle.I wish I could complain for this humiliation.
2	I have been a customer of chipotle for over 10 years now and this I by far the worst chipotle I have ever been to. The management staff is terrible and treats their employees like your ordering from an assembling line. No personality at all. When ordering you can hardly understand them because all they focus on is getting to the next person. And when you do answer them back, they don't even listen and have to repeat yourself two or three times. Get ready to have your blood pressure raised while ordering. The food is always never ready and I find myself always having to wait for something to be cooked. Usually I wouldn't mind waiting for hot food, but it comes with a cost. And that cost is the rest of your burrito is cold from sitting waiting for the food in the assembly line. Overall, because of the poor management and atmosphere I am giving this a 2 out of 5.  The only reason I am giving it a 2 is because, well its chipotle and I love the food for over 10 years. Fix the management and allow the customers to have an enjoyable experience and I will come back. I'm tired from ordering from a manager who spends more time yelling to hurry hurry to his employees to get to the next person and eating cold food. Can't wait for the location in Stonecrest to open!
2	The food was okay, although lower in temperature than it should've been. The problem was the service. I ordered a veggie burrito and the employee didnt even put veggies on it until I asked, twice. (Yes they are supposed to come with it.) There was one girl on the line and she made our two meals along with the three people's orders behind us, so my food stood there for a very long time before she came back to it. I had paid and was looking at my completed meal (it was to go so all someone needed to do was cover it up) for quite some time as she put beans on other people's food. The workers were slow and they were maybe understaffed. I would not go back.
