3	Very trendy bar.  Sports motif [obviously].  The food is decent, but overpriced.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.  The bar section is pricey as well, but they do have a few pool tables if you like to shoot, and that area is very well laid out.
1	Nothing says midlife crisis like this here joint. It just reeks with stale testosterone. And great corporate branding I should add- with hip naming like that your sure to catch all the hot 18 year olds you can get- so long as your back doesn't go out Champ!
5	What's not to love?  You have big screen tv's with every sport imaginable, a huge selection of beers, good food, a cool lounge setting, uber-hot waitresses and beautiful people packed around the bar.This was one of the better hangout spots in Scottsdale.
3	With a billiards room, putting green, cigar bar and posh lounge areas, the multimillion dollar north Scottsdale sports bar is by far the most upscale "sports bar" in Arizona. Like Barcelona, you're sure to fun into your fair share of cougars and sugar daddy's who want to show off their new Mercedes and Hummer's in the parking lot for all to see.
5	Love love LOVE Fox Sports Grill.  Its the perfect combination of 2 of my favorite things: beautiful people and (midwest) sports.  Belly up to the bar in the middle of the restaurant for the best people and sports watching seats in the house--there are a ton of TVs so you wont miss a minute of your favorite games, even if youre cheering for more than one team at a time.  There are pool tables for your entertainment at half time, and a private room in the back where I once got way too saucy at a company gathering.  DJs are mixing the latest during commercials of REALLY big games, and Fox Sports broadcasts right in the bar from time to time.  Prices are Scottsdale par and the food is upscale bar.  Be sure you shower and put on your best jersey, there are some seriously good looking sports fans at Fox Sports and hell, you might even be cheering for the same team.
3	If you desperately want to impress or be impressed, this is the sports bar for you. I crack up when I see the ferrari's and hummers parked up front. The is your higher end sports bar with a brand name. Girls come here hoping to bump into a celeb or wealthy dude, and guys come here looking for a cute girl who is easily impressed and likes a good time. The rest come here to try to look cool.The main bar is a long rectangle, with a corresponding open ceiling above with flat screen TV's all around, For pure sports watching, it is not ideal, as it is a bit akward to watch. Most people are watching sports secondarily. The bartenders are more pushy than friendly, pimping drinks to run your tab up. The bar food isn't bad, and it isn't good either. They do have private side rooms and pool tables enclosed in glass, which are the coolest things in the place but usually always taken. They don't have the private speakered lounge chairs like the ESPN Zone. There are better neighborhood sports bars throughout Scottsdale and Phoenix with better food, cheaper drinks, and more relaxed for watchng sports. But if you are still trying to be somebody, go here and pretend you are.
4	The guilty pleasure of sports bars.  Fox Sports Grill is essentially Half Moon on Creatine (TM) ... from pull taps, to cozier couches, to wider LCD screens, to pricier filets.  But .. you will pay for this luxury.  Catching a full round of NFL playoff games might set you back a cool hundo, so stop fucking placing the Chargers as your ass-end of the trifecta, cos you'll need this disposable loot for your tab.  As per the 'neaveau-posh' sports lounge motif, it is limo-dark and comfortably chilly.  I would go here more often if it wasn't in butt-fuckin-scottsdale.
1	Giving this one star is being nice. Absolutely dreadful food and some of the worst service I have ever experienced. At one point we had to get up and walk across the restaurant to get our watiress's attention just to refill our water glass. When we finally did get our food, it was bland and uninspired. Started with the wings, they were overcooked and too chewy. They only gave us one little cup of ranch for 8 wings and when we asked for more they said they had to charge us. I got the burger and it was ok but I have had much better at even fast food restaurants. My girlfriend got some salad that was dry, so to cover that up they drenched it in dressing. It was inedible, we sent it back. The best part about that is they still tried to charge us for it on the bill. We had to argue for about 20 min to get it off. First with the waitress, then the asst manager, and finally the general manager. Was charging us $11 for a salad we had two bites of really worth ruining a customer's experience? I guess to this establishment it is. The main reason we went was to watch a game and I was so turned off with them trying to nickel and dime us, I left in the third quarter and went to the zipp's up the street. Good setup with the tvs, but factoring in the below average food and the some of the most horrendous service I have ever experienced make Fox Sports Grill a place I wouldnt recommend to my own worst enemy.
2	Uhhh, can I just say it now and get it over with?  That was the DRYEST, CHEWIEST, MOST FLAVORLESS Chicken Salad Sandwich I have ever had served on cardboard (Wheat) bread that I have ever had.  It's a basic sports bar here with all the big TV's, but seemed pretty empty today for lunch so it is obviously not a Monday business lunch place.   Prices were less than I expected, most menu items for lunch were from 6.25 to 11.  Very reasonable, but only if they would have had some flavor!!  Be sure to order a drink, you will need it to wash down that dry sandwich.You were warned!
3	i wont lie when i say i expected a little more. the food was nothing special but i suppose it could have been worse. the  place is very spacious and cool. which is nice when its 105 outside. the service was decent, and it wasnt too overpriced. the big TVs are a nice touch and i can assume being there on an NFL sunday would probably be fun. but to sum it all up, its seems like the kind of place id for sure go to if i was a sports agent on a business lunch. its as classy as sports bars get.
4	Been here a few times now for lunch. Big fan of the blue cheese chips for an appetizer (which is huge) and am hooked on it. Buffalo chicken sandwich is also good...portion size is good and the service has been pretty good every time but once. There was a little snafu where our meals came just a few minutes after our appetizer. A different server brought the food to us, realized we weren't ready and rushed it back in the kitchen, where it sat and got cold. Other than that, it's a nice place to go for lunch. Really sucks reading the comments about the night life there. I honestly never thought a place like that would be where I'd plan on driving to show off a Ferrari and impressing people...disappointing to hear, but welcome to Scottsdale!
3	Want to watch a game from another area?  This is the place to go.  They have feeds from all the regional Fox Sports networks, and have access to a lot of games that are not on the ESPN channels.   It is a large restaurant with a number of different viewing areas, so check and see if your game is on one of the TV's.  If not, they will try to find it for you.That said, the food is so-so.  It is typical sports bar food, with a wide assortment from burgers, sandwiches, pizza, etc.  The service is a bit slow, but you're here to watch a game, so you hardly notice - unless your team is losing. When we first came in it took a while for a waitress to notice us.  Not being bashful, we immediately found one, and ordered our drinks.  We then started our search of the various rooms to see if our game was on somewhere.  It wasn't, but the bartender immediately arranged to have one of the TV's switched to our game.We had a large table of people, and one server took our order for food, and another server brought it out.  Needless to say, there was a lot of confusion as to who got what.  Once we all got situated, we had quite an enjoyable time.Of course, our team won  - and that makes all the difference in the world.
4	Landed in Phoenix today and was starving after we checked into our hotel. I passed by a FOX Sports Grill and I remembered a recent post by home skillet Todd B. TB enjoyed catching games at FOX in Seattle, so I decided to step into his shoes for a minute.Awesome setup, a fat bar in the middle with 10-15 big screens mounted all around. The centerpiece was a flatscreen that had to be 300". There were a few pool tables and a bunch of side rooms that were furnished as lounges, that I imagined as perfect for holding fantasy football drafts.I ordered a BBQ Cheddar Bacon Burger and a side wedge salad. The burger was awesome, cooked perfect. Obviously freshly ground beef. They also have my fave brew on tap, Blue Moon.A bad ass place to eat, drink and be merry while a big game on the tube. And most importantly, it puts the ESPNZone to shame...
3	I went here for lunch yesterday and it was just fine.  I had the Club and asked for the sweet potato fries.  Service was fine as well.  Nothing really stood out.
2	So lets see, The NHL and the NBA are in the middle of playoffs, you also have the Diamondbacks on and all you can have is two barkeeps behind the counter? And to boot, you have a networking group of business people what HELLO..have clients, meet clients and want to pass on a good word. This was not a great experience at all, the appetizers were COLD, UNDERCOOKED and the service had a mouth when asked about it The broccoli was returned brought back, with a mound of cheese now and almost thrown at my friend for having nerve to return it in the first place. Suggestion: a) Hire friendlier staff, there was one guy who was nice to see what we needed b) hire a chef, they will toss the microwave, c) learn customer service. I really expected soooo much more from this place.
2	Come here to watch the game.  Eat elsewhere.  They have a bunch of tvs all over the place, perfect for watching sports, of course.  Went here last week to watch Game 7 of the NBA Finals and sat on what appeared to be the stage area.  Good view of the entire place.  Drinks were ok, thought it was pretty weak, IMHO.  I had 4 cocktails and didn't so much as have a buzz.  The food (if you want to call it that) is atrocious.  We had the BBQ pork sliders, hamburger sliders, nachos and buffalo wings.  The wings were good, but then again, how can anyone really screw that up?  There wasn't enough toppings on the nachos, so halfway through the plate we were pretty much just eating plain chips.  The hamburger sliders were tasteless, dry and rubbery; not even loading them with ketchup and mustard could really save them.  The BBQ pork sliders didn't even taste like they had any sauce on them.  It was like eating boiled, pulled pork that was completely tasteless.  As I said, come for the game, but go somewhere else to eat.
2	I haven't been to Fox Sports Grill for a year and yesterday I decided to go there for my birthday dinner.  Wow, I was disappointed.  They totally changed out the menu selection.  They changed from a high end American cuisine to a regular bar type food.  TGI Friday have more selection then them.  I ordered a Kobe Beef slider and I didn't care for it.  Also, only little amount of fries came with it.  Plus the service was slow.  The whole restaurant seems to be empty.  After dinner with friends, we went over to the bar side of the restaurant.  There was a live band performing but hardly anyone was there.  They have tons of nice flat screen and few pool table.  I definitely don't recommend the food.  But if you want the whole restaurant to yourself then I guess that will be alright.
1	This place has gone down hill.  Clearly they have cut back on staff and food qualityMany of the reviews were written before the menu changed.  I've been going for years and the food quality has gone down hill.The service is slow & my salad, which was $15, was as bad as it gets.It's just not worth spending the money on this place when there are so many other options.
3	This place has such a great environment! Its a good place to watch the game and get a beer. The food was okay. I got a buffalo chicken wrap and oh my, way to spicy for me... I had to drench it in ranch to cool it down. So if you like spicy that's a good thing to get. My Fiancee got the Cobb salad and it was tasty! It was inexpensive! Friendly service and I LOVE the environment! Classy but sporty!
2	I don't usually review based on one visit.  But when the experience and food is as bad as this, I'll make an exception...This place gets two stars for the multiple big screen TVs.  If you're here strictly to watch sports and have a beer or three,  you'll be fairly happy.  However, I came here for a bite to eat, and that's when there where I ran into problems.The bartenders are a disgruntled lot.  Their sour mood when I sat down set the tone for my whole experience here.  They're not all bad.  One of the male bartenders actually smiled occasionally and chatted with some of  the customers.The food.  How can you screw up cole slaw?  What more can I say? Beyond that, if you're in the area to watch a game, this isn't a bad choice.  Just swing by McDonald's or somewhere else for dinner.
1	Fox Sports Grill a year ago would have gotten 4-5 stars.    The service was terrific, the food was above-par for a typical bar, the prices were fairly reasonable although a tad bit upscale and there was a vast amount of seating that would allow you to watch virtually any game in comfort.Now other than the seating, pretty much everything else has changed.   The last two times I've been here the service was lousy, downright apathetic, there seemed to be no shortage of servers and wait-staff in the place but they seemingly vanished at times without a trace.    Now the worst part.     The menu was overhauled almost entirely.  Previously it was filled with good stuff, at reasonable prices.    What they've managed to do at Fox Sports Grill in terms of an amazingly epic  transformation is to completely destroy the menu, drop the quality of the food tremendously and yet somehow RAISE the prices.Now you're stuck with overpriced, dry and unappetizing sliders, food that tastes of dirty oil and more.       Their pizzas in the past were fantastic, the crap they're serving up nowadays reminds me more of generic frozen-food aisle grocery store pizza(not even Digiorno).     So the food tastes awful, but they've had the audacity to raises the prices.Now you're sitting there, paying way above-par prices for sub-par food.   WTF man?      This place used to be fantastic but evidently some genius decided that they could make more profit by offering crappier quality at higher prices.      I'm not buying it.      There's too much competition, too many other options for this sort of nonsense.           I can head to Zipps down the road, The Arena(yeah, its standard bar food but it won't cost an arm and leg) or best of all, Casey Jones Grill where I can pay less and somehow get much better food and service.Bottomline, this place has jumped the shark completely.    Whatever they had going right for them is pretty much gone.     Its a shame, because this used to be a fave of mine but after what I've witnessed there, its not worth spending money or time at anymore.
1	Take note of the string of bad reviews recently posted...and respond accordingly by not patronizing this horrible establishment. Bad service and worse food. Everything is way over priced and disgusting. On a bright note, my server cared about her appearance as she spent the entire time at our table staring into the mirror on the wall behind us...
3	Great for football Sunday! But a tad expensive!
1	Very poor service. Had to wait 20 mins before the waitress came over. We were almost about to leave. Will probably never go back, much better bars around the area than this one.
5	Awesome happy hour and tv's everywhere you turn!!! Love that there is NO cover charges for fights like UFC, unlike other bars I been too! And on top of all that, Great food! Love this place!
4	Great burgers, plenty of tvs for all the games!  This place would be crazy during a football game, or any sports game that matters (oh, wait, I already said football).  There isn't a bad seat in the house, there is a lounge if you just want to kick back on a couch and watch game with a frosty cold one.  Definitely a place worth going for good food, good sports, and cold beer.
