2	Since my beloved cigar-home Cubanos mysteriously and suddenly went out of business I have been casting about for a new place to sit every so often and try a new stogie. This will, alas, not be it. Nothing wrong with the place really. They have a nice, large humidor with all of the things you would expect. The service was okay. The guy seemed a little suspicious of me. Maybe because I told him that I was a former Cubanos customer and he thought I had bad-luck cooties. Or maybe because he caught me talking to one of his customers in the humidor (not my fault, the guys asked me for my opinion on some cigars and I have him an honest answer). In any case, he was not too talkative to me. This is also another one of those places with a membership cigar lounge for the beautiful people. I hate that, so I subtract a star. The conversation, from what I could overhear (no one was talking to me, the new guy), centered around sports, which is typical. The thing I loved about Cubanos was that the owner was always an interesting conversationalist. Very hard to find. In all, probably a better store for you than me. Check it out if you are in the area. It is too far of a drive for me based on my experience today.
4	Mr. M really likes this cigar shop.  He has been there probably 8 times and said the people working there are always helpful and answer his questions.  He has tried a few different cigars, and now has his favorites.  He's not into the whole membership thing, so just buys a few and brings them home.  All I know is whatever he's smoking, they smell good.  I've been around cigars that make my eyes water and my nose run.  Not these.  If it makes him happy, I'm happy.
4	My new place. The service didn't blow me out of the water but he got me what I needed and I didn't feel stupid for being somewhat new to the cigar world.  Awesome selection of cigars with tons of different price ranges. (I'm getting married so I got some cheapos for Vegas bachelor party and nice ones for golf with the soon to be father in law.) If I have extra money to blow I would be a member and would love to hang out and smoke to unwind after work. I wish I woulda known this place was here before it went to other "smoke shops" that were more interested in selling me a "Glass water pipe" then cigars. I highly recommend this place and I plan on coming as often as my new wifey will let me.
