5	It's cruel to call The Beerhive an off-licence as it is much, much more than that. There is a Tesco very close by and you can buy some of the same beers and wines much cheaper in there, but the emphasis should be placed on the word some. The Beerhive has an extensive range of unusual beers from across the globe but with a heavy emphasis on supporting very small independent Scottish breweries. As well as this the staff in the shop are obviously well versed in the beers they sell and can talk about their ales in the same way that a wine expert would describe fine wines. There is a tasting event most Saturday evenings in the shop where you can try one or two of their wines which is definitely worth a trip to.
4	This is a proper bottle shop, with an owner who really knows his stuff and is happy to advise and share his huge enthusiasm for what he's selling. As a real ale fan, I have to say that the beer selection really is fantastic - from Scottish to European (haven't seen Gambrinus for sale since I left Prague!) to American, light, dark, amber, wheat, fruit, stout and everything in between.Competitively priced, too, and always some special offers and discounts available.I'm so happy to have this as my local bottle shop, especially as Fergus is allowed in!
5	knowledgeable staffAnything wanted can befound! locally owned.
5	First visit I was blown away by the selection of beer. They have a good wine selection and the spirits seem very well priced. But I stuck to beer. The 3 I bought, the black isle Heather Honey Ale, Hofbrau Oktoberfestbier and The Mikeller/Brewdog I hardcore you were all massively enjoyed.Second time. The first visit was blown out the park.This time it was the service. It has cememted this place solidly as my new 'go to place' for beer. The guy working, who I presumed owned it, was awesome. He knows his s**t. Has great chat and a great manner with customers. I went in to buy 2 beers as a present. I left with 6..... and a cheeky wee free one too. That is pretty tough to beat.
5	The best bottle shop in all of Edinburgh! The Beerhive I would say has the biggest range of beers I have ever seen! And at front of shop is a keg to fill up bottles of draft beer and take away, they also have a big range of wines. The staff are very friendly and love to help, The Beerhive prices are cheap... I would never shop in any other bottle shop because of there prices being to high! The Beerhive is always a fun shop to visit!
