4	Cheap, fast;  staff harried to the point of short temperedness, aggressive cashier. Having said that, the food arrived piping hot and quickly, was quite good, (I had the chicken in yellow curry sauce) very inexpensive, and for a change came with enough rice to sop up the sauce. I've always found that there is never enough rice to go with a dish at Chinese restaurants. Perhaps I'm just a rice hog, in which case, oink, oink. Must say, even with a good tip, my meal was only $9.00! Many dishes are only $6.95, $1.00 extra with coffee or tea.  Can't bitch!
2	Stopped in at this place in China Town while walking from the Plateau to the Old Port.  It was alright. The portions were good (all chinese food place give a lot of food). But I've had much better chicken fried rice before. It won't kill you to eat here, but I am sure there are better options.
4	Cheap and good. I went twice and spent about 10$ each time.I consider it my Hong Kong Canteen in Montreal.On my first visit, I got the pork, preserved eggs, ginger and scallion congee. pimping hot and tasty. very good. I also got the pork and nappa cabagge dumplings (aka xiao long bao or soup dumplings). I think it was made to order because it tasted fresh, juicy and delicious.The service was pretty quick. On my second visit, i ordered the same dumplings (I love them)!. (6 for $3.50 i think) and a plate of 2 meats (duck and roast pork) with rice and bokchoys. I wish the meats were moistier it was ok though.The place looks pretty big and clean. It is good for groups.Presently, one of my go-to place in Chinatown.
4	I didn't expect much as I stepped into Restaurant Ethan, but I ended up being surprised by how authentic Hong Kong their food was. Certainly was not something I expected from a restaurant in Montreal.First off, I must give a disclaimer that authentic food is not everybody's cup of tea. In fact, you'll probably find it rather weird unless you've lived in Hong Kong (or visited for a long duration). Otherwise, Restaurant Ethan will stir up a little sense of that nostalgia. Do not expect the staff to be friendly. They expect you to eat, pay, and leave in an "efficient" manner, much like many of the other restaurants in Chinatown. They also do not speak a word of French.
5	I left my backpack here and got back!
3	Great lunch specials -- soup, eggroll and entree for $7.50. It's hard to go wrong. Portions are more than adequate for one, especially the rice!Not too much on the atmosphere, but if it's just a quick lunch in Chinatown you want then this is the place.  Don't expect too much from the servers, as a prior reviewer put it.
1	Don't think I'll be coming back here. Although it is affordable the quality of service is non existent. Food tasteless, I guess it taste what it's worth. Worst wonton soup ever. Dumplings just aren't that great :-/.
4	Had the roast duck on rice, very nice! Reasonably priced and very tasty! Also their coconut bubble tea is delicious!
4	Stopped by for a late lunch...Was seated quickly, given a menu, a glass of water and was able to place my order within minutes of arriving as my waiter was attentive to his tables... This is quite a change from my other experience in Chinatown on this visit to Montreal... Ordered BBQ Pork on Rice and a large Mango Bubble Tea...The waiter put a plate on the table with fork and knife without any prompting.... Not that I need a fork and knife, I am very adept with chopsticks, but a nice touch just the same...Food was promptly served, excellent pork, with pickled onion and broccoli to go along with the rice... The pork was a little fatty compared to some of the places I eat at in Toronto but this is Montreal after all.... Clean restaurant with good service and reasonable pricing...
2	Roast duck and rice is quite good. The congee is OK. We also went back today to buy takeout, and the lady at the counter was rude as hell, being impatient in explaining the menu, and really turning me off in wanting to ever come again.
