4	Didn't know this food court on Charleston across from the junior college campus existed until someone told me about it. I work less than a block way and have driven past this place over the past many years. My original plan was to try Kaba Curry, but when I arrived at 11 am, they were still closed. Walked a few paces and found Tacos El Jefe. Ordered up their #1 Daily Special: 1 can of soda and a  huge Chile Verde burrito that had to weigh close to 2.5 lbs. While not the tastiest chile verde I have had, it is the tenderest and at $4.99 it is certainly a bargain.
5	Another tucked away little secret located in the Campus Commons building. As a regular to both Kaba Curry and Wing King i've asked several times about the 'mexican joint' as we call it as well as the 'italian joint' next to Jefe's. Usually i miss both of them as i tend to come in the late afternoon and early evenings and they pack up after the lunch crowds. So when i decided to stop by early for once Jefe's was open and i got a chance to try it out.The daily special sounded good. 3 home made pork tamales and home made horchata as a drink. What sat at a table near by their spot was thishttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lOmt6Edj6A4OZBUIUwtI8Q?select=5AdeMTWWFlH3GUyC0qLRPg#d468-qcU6StyNYsLehx24QI was pretty damn impressed with what i saw and the horchata was HUGE.First bite was the best. The end piece was crispy and really hard but the cheese melted and hardened and all the flavors concentrated. After a few more chews i realized that holy crap this is the best tamale i've ever had thanks to the end pieces. The owner came out to ask how everything was and i asked him about it. They fried up the tamales on the griddle or something to warm them up and a result of it is the crispy ends. Aside from the lovely end pieces the tamales were very good quite possibly the best i've had, then again i havent had a lot of tamales and i prefer enchiladas. What ever...moving on. Good seasonings, perfect balance of meat and cheese and the sauce and mayo they added on top create a harmony of flavors.They plan on staying open later starting in a few weeks so hopefully i found a replacement for Roberto's.
5	Good food. Decor not gonna get you laid.
2	Ok so yelp keeps removing my reviews because I don't ramble on an on about every detail ....my hubby hates when girls (or anyone) over explains something and after being together 8 years I have learned to what he calls "MAN VERSION" everything....apparently on yelp that is not allowed so let me write a review maybe they can be proud of...  It was 11a.m. and we were hungry we thought hmmm bachi burger..no not bachi burger and it was then I realized I had this Mexican delivery place bookmarked on Yelp! Seeing how I was doing laundry and had nothing to wear this seemed like a much better choice. By the time we made the decision to order it was about 1230. I had to leave my house by 230 to pick up my kids. So I went online (btw I am very old school I hate ordering online its much faster to call) signed up made my profile and after 20mins of that I was able to place my order. I ordered 2 orders taquitos mixto,chicken asada torta with no beans, shrimp cocktail, alfredo nachos, 1 shrimp taco, 1carne asada taco,1 carnitas taco, and there supposed super hot salsa. I click to order and it tells me my food will be delivered at 240! So of course this convenient on line ordering has me on the phone with them anyway and the gentleman on the phone was great! He said no problem I will have your order to you faster than that. Great!!! My food arrives at 2pm awesome just enough time. The delivery girl went over my entire order to ensure everything was correct it was and she was super nice too!  As far as customer service this place gets five stars for that but the food? Well here we goTaquitos mixto: Every one of them tasted different very inconsistent..I know they are all different flavors but what im saying is my chicken one was good, my hubbys chicken one was dry and crunchy chicken inside and they were all soggy but I guess that's what you get for ordering delivery fried food.    The sogginess I understand but I would suggest not plating fried food on a bed of lettuce for delivery and put holes in the containers so the condensation doesn't build up.Chicken asada torta: Bread was hard my hubby thought it was gross I took a bite thought it was ok thank you for not putting beans He HATES beansShrimp Cocktail: Im trying to be nice but it made me throw up it tasted like someone put Kool-Aid in tomato sauce with shrimpAlfredo nachos: This made me so mad!!! This is what my hubby wanted the most we didn't say no beans because on the menu it doesn't have beans on it!!!!! Open it up what was there??? BEANS!!!! All over the whole freakin thing so of course he wont eat it! He did manage to stick his finger in one spot to taste the alfredo he said it was good I took a bite it tasted pretty good but I had my own food, I didn't want that he did! AND AGAIN all soggy maybe for delivery you can deconstruct it in containers and just put the chips in the box youll have a better outcome I think people would rather assemble it themselves (although there are a lot of idiots that would probably need instructions) then have them soggy.The Tacos: Shrimp one was weird not good or bad just weird, carne asada tasted like they reheated it and over cooked it very dry and hard to eat, carnitas was pretty much the same dry and hard.Salsa: Most white people would think it was super spicy, I eat habaneros for fun so for me it was ok on spice pretty good flavorAll in all I ordered 50 bucks worth of inedible food we threw most of it out it sucked cause these people are so nice I might try to stop in sometime and give them a try so maybe I can give them a better review!  Oh and last their prices are GREAT!
4	I will re try them .. Orig to Arizona as I can get. Salsa and different styles of salsa. There burritos very similar to AZ had one with chicken, cilantro, rice, beans if your craving carbs this is for shure the place.I will be triing some more of there traditional flair next time its defiantly worth a revisit.
5	After trying 702 wing spot which is excellent I decided to try their other restaurant across from them tacos El jefe. This place is just as awesome as wing spot food is delicous. Every order made fresh and prices are good to. The food court there in has seen better days but I always get my food to go anyways. You are doing yourself a great injustice if you don't come try these two places.
5	Ooowee! They delivered to me! Love their seafood burrito, poblano chile relleno & grilled shrimp bowl! All 3 goes great together for me! LOL Thank u smooches!
5	If you want to find place for delicious food, fast making, beautiful presentation, really reasonable price, Tacos El Jefe is the best place for you. Happy customers, ^ ^
5	What an awesome place! Tacos El Jefe's is located in a small free standing food court. It's an off the wall location as it's simply a food court that houses 4 - 6 small food concessions.Anyway, the prices are very reasonable, the service is great (you can tell that your business is appreciated) and the good is amazing. Big portions, great taste and awesome salsas. On a side note, it's worth mentioning that all of the concessions look amazing. The only downside is the common area needs to be better maintained. It kind of smells and the floors are really dirty. They really need to address this.
3	Food-court Mexican stall with a massive menu, including tacos, burritos, tortas, mulitas, sopes, nachos, and more, with a variety of meats. The only thing missing is carne guisada! Also note that they don't have elote here.Staff is polite and efficient, wait time is never too long, owner is friendly and is also affiliated with 702 Wing Spot in the same building. You are able to order online or call in your order. The ambiance of the dining court is a little lacking, so takeout is the way to go IMO. Don't know about delivery options.Machacada burrito is mostly meat (not necessarily a bad thing), instead of eggs (which is what I'm usually craving, actually).  California burrito doesn't have a ridiculous up charge as at other places. All burritos packed to bursting and weighing in at practically a pound, served with both red and green salsa.I'm unclear on the difference between sopes and gorditas, but the fact that they're even offered here is awesome- get the lengua one, or spring for shrimp for a couple bucks more.
