4	I ordered 1 pork and 1 beef taco. Both where really good. I liked the beef one alot better. I could have ate 3-4 more  of those. They have 3 different ice teas and i had the green tea , my 4yr old even liked it. My wife and daughter split a quesadilla and i had a piece. I would order it all again.
3	Former location of Luna Pizza at the SW corner of Beardsley & 59th Ave.  New location so I'm aware they may still be working things out.  Service was a little slow, considering that I was the only person "in line" to order.  Atmosphere was somewhat sterile/clean, with obvious traces of the old pizza location that was here.Tortilla used for the burrito was just right in texture and flavor.  Beans & cheese were good as well.  Tortillas chips seemed fresh made, especially as they have some of the natural bubbles in them still from drying & cooling.  Salsa bar was alright.Prices were a little high compared to other fast food Mex places such as Rubio's, which is right across the street.  Most hungry patrons will easily spend $8-11 for lunch.
4	rhia: whoa, people gave it a four? i'd give it a five. it was delicious. we need to come up with synonyms for delicious. summer: (i am really glad there is spell check, i suck at dictation.)rhia: i'd drop the f-bomb a few times about how damn delicious that food was. you can cuss on yelp, can't you? summer: i wanted my food to be hotter than it was. rhia: mine burned my tongue. temperature wise. but in a good way.summer: i think my burrito was waiting for yours to get done. and thus, got lukewarm.rhia: but, they made everything when we ordered it. it wasn't just sitting all day like some mexican grills. *cough chipotle*summer: i love chipotle.rhia: yeah, but sometimes it tastes old. but anyways. i liked how the owner took our order, and brought us our food and made sure everything was good. it also helped we had free coupons.summer: i love salsa bars.rhia: i definitely want to go there again. it was reasonably priced for what it is. plus the pico made me tingle in my naughty place.summer: uh. i have left overs in the fridge. would you like to be alone with them for a bit?rhia: maybe...*awkward laugh*.the bottom line: it was tasty enough to frequent. wishing it was a bit closer to home.
3	I'll readily admit that I miss Luna pizza being here, but Dos Amigos isn't too bad of a replacement.  That statement might be different, though, if I didn't live very close to where Luna is now.  Situated in the plaza across from school, I kind of feel like it's part of MWU's unofficial food court.  It's also certainly a better option than Panda Express or Subway.The restaurant is clean and well-lit, always a good start to anywhere one plans to eat.  The staff has always been, if not exactly cheerful, very pleasant.  I've never once met one of the dull-eyed dead souls that haunt the registers of the big fast food pits here.  It's surprising how much that can affect your perception of a restaurant.What I really like about this place is the open line behind the counter.  I know it can be gimmicky in a lot of places, but I like to see what goes in to making my food (I'm sure it comes from the time I spent back there myself).  The workers back there are focused and definitely not slackers.  I've never waited longer than I felt I should have for food.And the food itself is good.  It's not great, but I'm becoming jaded to ever finding truly amazing Mexican food.  It's a decent meal that will fill you up and not break the bank.  It's another place that may not be worth exactly what it costs, but overall, the whole place is nice enough that I'll definitely keep going there whenever I need a break from Hot Bagels.
4	There's a lot to love about this quick but hearty Mex Grill.  I love walking in seeing that the guys standing in the open kitchen are roasting peppers and chopping tomatoes for their salsa bar.  A lost art most would say in a place that seems like could be your typical chain, quick fix, "Fresh Mexican Food"...  The two owners are buddies as the name proclaims and they are a friendly bunch.  The food though is why this place is a small gem in  the NW Valley.  The Burritoes are huge and would challenge Chipotle's size, but also put to shame the cold taste you get from Chipotle's burritoes, from ingredients sitting out cold like a Subway line...  The Burrito Especial is really good which has big pieces of shrimp and some nice chunks of zucchini.  The steak served in their burritoes is also very impressive, nice grilled taste and definately not chewy.  The sides are generous when you get a combo and the salsa is nice and fragrant.  Overall this is a great place to eat, period.  The three flat screens hung up high always have football games on, on weekends.  Awesome food  that cooked right next to dining area has never seemed to dissapoint us.
3	I like this place. I am in this area about once a week and decided to stop in here instead of Del across the street. Jorge (an owner) was super friendly and made a point to introduce himself to me and ask about my work. I ordered the black bean and cheese burrito. I love that they have black beans as an option. It took a few minuets to get my food, but you can watch them make it from scratch. They were also making handmade taquitos while I was there. They were out of iced tea, Jorge promptly replaced it...although it was some of the most watered down iced tea I have ever had. The burrito was really good and it came with fresh chips. I will be back when I am in that part of town for work. It is definitely the best option for the immediate area.
1	My wife and I went to this dive shortly after it opened.  We didn't have very high expectations, but we still left disappointed and disgusted.  We have a few simple rules for any restaurant: 1. Reasonably clean, 2. Reasonable prices, 3. Decent portions, 4. Decent service, 5. Decent food.  Is this too much to ask of an establishment that you are giving your hard-earned money to serve you?  It shouldn't be.  Dos Amigos failed ALL of these basic criteria with flying colors.  We will NEVER return here!  The only way you will return here (if you go at all) is if you're a glutton for punishment.  Anyone who gives this place a favorable review has no taste buds and extremely low standards for restaurants, or are very lazy if you live close by (we do).The decor was barren.  Bare walls.  Mono colored tables & chairs. Floor & walls looked grungy.  Tables & chairs felt grimey.  Dank, dark--abysmal.  Service-slow.  Staff-zombies.My burrito looked as if it had fallen on the floor and then been scooped up and re-served.  It didn't even smell like Mexican food.  Tasted like bland dirt.  How can beans have NO flavor at all?  Where are the spices, man?  Is this a Mexican place or a British tea house?  My iced tea was more like old dishwater.  My wife's selection fared little better, and her Coke was flat.  Rice not much tastier than the beans.  C'mon people-is this the best you can do?  How do you hope to stay in business?  Do yourself (and your digestion) a favor and SKIP this place.  There are WAY better Mexican places out there, cheaper too.  Simply awful.  Even Taco Bell has this place beat, by a mile!
2	So I've eaten here once before and ordered the veggie burrito and it was goodt. Last night we were in the area so we stopped in and I ordered the same thing (I'm a vegetarian so it's somewhat limited what I can eat there.The menu states the veggie burrito as this:  Rice & Beans (Pinto or Black), Jack & Cheddar Cheese, Roasted Peppers, Zucchini, Corn, Tomatoes & Onions, Sour Cream, Jalapeno Cream Salsa & LettuceI ordered mine without rice as it has chicken broth and black beans.  when I got home and started eating it, all I could find in it was black beans, a little cheese, grilled green peppers and onions. None of the other veggies listed above.Needless to say, I think I'll stick with Qdoba or Chipotle for fast food mexican.
4	We really liked this place. I got the grande burrito with zuchinni & peppers i it which was really good. Loved their carne asada and the prices were great. I wish they ha more on their dessert menu. Would love home made churros! Staff was friendly. Would for sure go here again. Much better than baja fresh, rubios, tace bell & most other mexican places around PHX that we've been to.
1	Well... I just returned from the ER. The only thing I ate yesterday was the chicken quesadilla which tasted good at the time but wasnt worth the throwing up and food poisoning pain for the last 6 hours. I dont know if it was just a chance incident but  frankly I do not care. I will never go here again even tho i live across the street. if i were you i would keep on looking, go to taco bell or something, at least you know u can sue a big corporation if you get sick.
5	This place is great when you need your mexican food fix!  A very casual atmosphere but the owner really makes sure you feel at home.
3	I was ready to try Dos Amigos out for lunch today, but the place has closed down.  I can cross this restaurant off my list without actually eating here!
1	Closed.....out of business.
