1	Oh how we need negative stars available on here. Church's tastes nothing like it used to like I remember when I was younger. Went there a few weeks back and haven't returned and won't. Ordered chicken strips, fries and mac n cheese. That was a mistake. The chicken had a weird taste to it and the fries were soaked with what tasted like rancid cooking oil. The mac n cheese was runny and bland. I don't get why there are so many Church's locations. If anything there should be more Popeyes.
4	I've been eating at this Church's for many years now and have never had any issues with the service or the food.  They are always courteous and prompt when I place my order, especially since my orders are always large orders.  Their prices are on par with most fast food restaurants and unlike KFC, their chicken doesn't upset my stomach.  A little tip for ordering here, if you plan on placing a large order ($30+) call ahead and make them aware so they can have it ready when you arive.
3	It is a Church's Chicken. You get what you should expect. Greasy chicken, strawberry soda, and a constant flow of city characters that make us country folks a bit on edge. All in all, this is a great location so long as you do not expect too much.
4	Darned good chicken! Unlike a previous reviewer I've had nothing but good experiences at Church's Chicken here in Mesa. When it gets too late to go anyplace else and I need something to eat Church's is close and easy and fast and cheap. Not only that but it tastes good. I usually prefer dark meat but sometimes I forget to tell them and get white meat, either way it's extremely moist and tender and juicy.  I've never gotten a bad batch with an unacceptable coating or meat. The biscuits are so good I want to eat them like cookies! I've gotten a half gallon of the sweet tea for 2 bucks on sale in hot weather and it lasted me several days in my motel room.  I tried the Apple Turnover once and it was very good. This trip I've gotten the $2.99 special two different times that has a biscuit with 2 pieces of chicken, usually a thigh and leg but today I got a thigh and a breast.  It's a fast easy meal if it's too late to go to a restaurant and it keeps well in the motel fridge too. On past trips I've  sometimes stopped by and gotten 3 or 4 pieces just to keep in the refrigerator so that if I don't feel like going out to eat I've got something on hand.  Oh, and I went to Popeyes a few weeks ago expecting to get a good fried chicken and it was so horribly salty I couldn't eat it. Church's Chicken has never let me down.  Even the mashed potatoes and gravy weren't bad. They certainly weren't  overly salty even though I know they were made from a mix.Now if I could just get Church's Chicken to open one near where I live in San Diego.....
5	WOW! The chicken I got from there was FANTASTIC! If you like crispy chicken, this is the place for you.  The biscuits we got were probably top 5 biscuits of all time.  They have honey on them. The location sucks but it is what it is.  I don't usually eat fried stuff because of my cholesterol but I would go back tomorrow if I could. Really good.
1	I love Church's Chicken.  This location is horrible.  I've been in the drive-thru line for the last 25 minutes.  This is how I found the time to write this review.  There was only about 5 cars in front of us when we got here.  No big line.  When we finally got to order,  they tell us that they don't have what we want (any spicy chicken).  They tell us it will be another 15-20 minutes.  Horrible location.  Go elsewhere!
