2	We bought a piece of furniture here in August 2012. The furniture was delivered to the warehouse and they called us to pick it up, then called us to explain that they had found mold so it had to be reordered - ok stuff happens. In early October they called to say the new furniture arrived, then got the pick up date wrong, requiring an extra trip to finally pick it up. There was additional confusion because the SKU's were different than the original furniture that was ordered. Yes, stuff happens, and when it does, find a way to make it right with the customer.
2	A mattress is a serious investment.  Especially a king sized, which we were after.  So we searched high and low, did our research, took "test drives" and concluded that a mattress here was the one we wanted to spend many years of nights on.We probably gave the saleswoman the easiest sale she'd had all month.  We walked in, laid down on the mattress one more time, and told her happily "We'll take it!"But rather than be happy with our rather large purchase, she was flabbergasted that we weren't interested in a $100+ mattress protector.  She tried pitch after pitch, only to be politely told "No, thanks."She went so far as to explain to me privately that "If we stained the mattress, which with your wife could happen once a month, it will void your warranty."Yeah.  I guess with furniture sales the stakes are high.  And perhaps this establishment gives premium incentive to their salespeople to pitch accessories.  That's cool, but a polite "No thanks" a couple of times should be enough to decline.  Going the extra mile to make for a sale by making over-the-line statements, especially when I'm already making a large purchase, shouldn't be part of the game.  So much so, that I'm not interested in returning.Edit:  As it turns out, the mattress was defective and I had it replaced under warranty.  We decided to upgrade mattresses and they allowed us to use the return as a credit.  Our salesperson was much less aggressive and was very friendly and helpful during our buying process.  Was pleased with our second experience.  I have upgraded the rating accordingly.
2	So Slumberland, I see from the other reviews that I am not the only disappointed party.  I was greeted after a few minutes in the store, by a lovely lady.  She was pleasant and sweet.  No real quibbles with her.  However, she did not offer up many suggestions.So my husband and I wandered aimlessly.  The sofa options?  Very much so lacking.  Your store was empty on a weekend, perhaps it is because you have antiquated styles at high prices. Leather, reclines, curved sectional?  Great for some people, but for the rest of us who left the 80's there are no options.We checked out the bedding area, because that is in our foreseeable future.  The salesman were very quick to pounce on us.  Let's talk but offered no real knowledge of the inventory.  Please, if you are going to act fast, act informed.  Slumberland, if I did not have to go to Woodman's anyway, I would have wanted you to pay for my gas.  I drove all the way to the westside to be met with disappointment.
3	I am not a huge fan of furniture shopping. However, I recently moved and needed to get a new bed. My parents bought a nice bed set and mattress from Slumberland years ago and it is still holding up quite well for them today. I went to Slumberland on the west side of Madison 30 minutes before closing. Immediately my boyfriend and I was greeted and welcomed to browse. Originally, we came into the store to look for two side tables for our living room since we were redecorating. I walked out without two side tables but a bed, box spring and bed set for $800. I am sure I made our sales person happy. It is not every day you get such a large sale at closing. The bed was on an unbelievable sale as well as the mattress. To this day, I am pleased with my purchase. Our sales person was nice (obviously since he just had an $800 sale) and didn't bombard us. Whenever we had questions, he was quick to answer them. That being said, I must give them a 3 stars because of the delivery cost. $100 is quite a bit of money. I guess I am not sure what I believe is a "deal" or a "steal" when it comes to such prices but considering I didn't have the means to pick up and set up the bed myself, I had to pay the extra cost. Also, their selection isn't that large but once you find something you like, you run into a problem. As with most furniture stores, if you like one item, you just can't buy THAT one item but rather, you must buy the set. It is just unfortunate furniture shopping is done this way. While I do believe Slumberland is one of the best options for shopping for large pieces of furniture, there are some issues. Wasn't impressed with their designs and hardly anything that was on clearance was an actually clearance price. Last night, this Slumberland in particular is a lot more "customer friendly" than the east side location. At that location, we were never greeted... not once. It was as if we were intentionally being ignored. That typically isn't the case for commission based stores...
