3	middling italian fare on the grassmarket. you could do much worse in the UK  (think bella italia) but you could also do better. it's a fine place to enjoy a slightly better than average italian meal on a sunny day.
2	I have been twice to eat at this establishments and twice I have left disappointed. No  I don't have a horror story from the place or that the service was bad. Quite the opposite our waiter on both occasions was just fine- nothing too special.It's that I left feeling I had a rather mediocre over priced meal. I am no great cook but I hate it when I order a meal only to be presented with something  I can easily make at home for a 1/6th of the price. I like to order stuff I usually don't have often and I was disappointed at this place as it falls in the mediocre range of Italian restaurants. I suppose it just falls back on all the tourists it gets because of its location and doesn't try and compete with some of the other truly excellent Italian restaurants we have in the City. However, just because you are in a tourist-prime location doesn't mean you should slack on your menu.Plus the Italian song on repeat gets tiresome. The interior feels a bit tired and in need for a bit of a revamp. There are some other, better eateries in the area so I wouldn't bother too much with this place unless something dramatic happens.
2	I went to Gennaro Ristorante one day for dinner several months ago and I thought it was fairly average. I was cold, wet and hungry that day and would have eaten anywhere, and so I didn't have high expectations of a fantastic meal, but I was still pretty disappointed with this place. The outside of the restaurant looks really good and inviting, but inside I thought it was pretty dull and our tables definitely wasn't clean. The menu offered a good choice of authentic Italian dishes including pasta and pizzas. I had a ham and mushroom pizza, which was pretty tasteless, and they skimped on the toppings and the cheese - never good. Most of the main courses are priced at around six pounds which is fairly reasonable and the portion sizes are fairly generous. I complained to the staff that my glass was dirty and they apologised and brought me a new one - which still wasn't all that clean.Gennaro Ristorante is a pretty average Italian restaurant, but there are much better Italian restaurants in the city which are worth visiting instead.
3	I just really like this place, food is pretty darn good, service is good.  Have eaten there off and on for over 10 years.  Always acceptable.  Won't dabble in the semantics of how authentic the food is, to me it tasted good, had fresh ingredients and was appropriately priced.
1	This is a place to avoid. I hardly ever say this and it pains me to say it but it's true. All the staff may be Italian but it is the worse Italian food I've ever had anywhere! I've eaten Italian food in New York, California and Italy and this was by far the worse. The streak and mushrooms that I ordered were drenched in grease and lacked taste. To add insult to injury it is overpriced.
2	This Italian restaurant looks pleasant enough sat amongst lots of pubs and cafes on Grassmarket. Everywhere was mega busy with it being the start of the festival and the tattoo so to be honest this was one of few that had a table for four available inside! Inside looks really nice and at first the staff seemed quite pleasant. BUt i was very disappointed with the menu and the quality of the food. I have travelled across Italy and sampled lots of delights and always taste local italian foods in the UK being fairly new to Edinburgh we thought we would try it. My sons garlic bread was the blandest garlic bread i've ever tasted and mine and my husband's bruschetta was ok and my brother in laws prawn starter he said was good although he may have just being polite as we were paying! As soon as i saw my main of veal i knew it wasn't going to be good. The service thereafter went down hill, we had to ask for coffees and it was the worst cappuccino i have ever had! It really could be so much better with the location which is great!Won't be going there again!
1	On a very busy Friday evening, we found ourselves with nowhere else to go than here. Quite frankly, I would rather have not eaten anything. The food was completely bland and lacking in imagination and distinctly overpriced. The service in particular was dreadful. One waiter was incredibly rude when I asked for some water when he was serving our 'food' and told me to shut up and not interrupt him. Terrible, don't bother.
4	Our food was quite good. Four cheese pizza excellent. Lasagna was really tasty. Lemon sole light and fresh.  asparagus chicken rich and yummy  Reasonably priced. Would  go again.
3	Wow - bad reviews. We split the chicken. They split it for us and subbed for a second salad. Portions were huge. And it was flavourful. Waitress had an edge, but we liked it overall. They were open late, which was a plus.
5	Amazingly cozy and friendly. I loved the busy atmosphere and the food was superb and delicious. They served this peppermint like tea with lemon, was so amazing. Their bruschetta and pasta are so mouthwatering. Dinning with them three nights in a row is something I will never regret. Keep up the great work.
1	We had an early Sunday dinner at Gennaro's, before the mini choir performance held at St. Giles.  While I was not expecting an above average experience, I was hoping for at least decent.  Super-friendly welcome, overcompensated for its emptiness & unpopularity.The calamari fritti was a bit tough and coated in basic pantry flour, no light crunch to be found.  If fast food joints added 'calamari' onto their menu, this is what it'd be like. Bits over fried and patches of still raw flour taste.  Served atop a bed of house salad with tomatoes; rocket; iceberg did not help the dish.The bruschetta was a shame to its name.  Below mediocre, should be taken off the menu.  Hard to swallow bread, plastic cheese, unsavoury fishiness.Pizza was closest to average of the night.  Bit smaller than other restaurant pizzas and unremarkable.Recommend sticking to just pizza and pasta, if you end up here.  Average food filler. Service was overdone to the point of being a nuisance.  The server and bar man/owner alternating every 5-10 mins asking if everything was alright but not actually providing any service.  The hostess in her work apron smoking out front during her break, was a foreshadowing we should have heeded.      If I had to try to be fairer with a second try at this place, I would have to begrudgingly return.  Walking a few mins further to any one of the many decent Italian restaurants in Edinburgh seems a worthwhile investment.. as far as your tastebuds are concerned.
