2	New restaurant with lots of room for improvement. The menu presents dishes from a variety of Latinamerican countries, but you can't make Puerto Rican mofongo, the peruvian way! Need to go back to the drawing board and define their flavors and identity. Price didn't quite justify the portions. As far as service, I can say they tried. The place has potential, it's fairly new. Give it a try an you be the judge.
3	Had heard great things about the East Blvd location, so settled for the location a little closer to our side of town. Have plenty of friends who rave about the Latin fare so we expected good things. While I can say the food was interesting, flavorful, and unique, the service was a little lackluster. We ordered a few apps: Corn cake, cheese empanadas, and the cold potato dish. The corn cake was rather bland and slightly burnt, but if you add either of their hot sauces it turns into magic. The empanadas are pretty standard and nothing groundbreaking. The potato dish is where our interest was focused. Such an interesting cheese and cream sauce that was slightly spicy, subtle and odd all at the same time. I think the temperature is what made it so interesting. Would recommend this to anyone. My entree was a little confusing. It was a rice dish....that literally was fried rice...I was a little curious since there is an Asian restaurant next door, but laughed it off. Just a bit odd to taste something like this from a Latin place. The service was also really spotty. Not too attentive for a Saturday evening. Drinks were a bit low throughout most of the meal, but not a huge deal. All in all, I'd come back, but would most likely look to visit the other location on East.
2	Not the same as the pio pio on east blvd. different owners, completely different food. I was super excited because I love the other location & assumed it was the same but was really disappointed in the food. The service wasn't great either. Won't go back here again. You should def go to the east blvd location tho!!
4	I have been wanting to try this place out since it opened and finally got a chance today.  When my co-workers and I arrived at lunch time, they were not busy...only 2 other tables of diners. The decor is comfy and welcoming and the place smelled great. I chose the 1/4 roasted white meat chicken. This comes with yellow rice and red beans with a side for $9.50 at lunch.  For $1 more, I substituted black beans for the red beans.  I chose sweet plantains as my side dish. The chicken was absolutely delish! It was juicy and flavorful. The yellow rice was a bit on the bland side, but tasted better when eaten with the black beans, which were seasoned nicely.  The plantains were yummy. I didn't try the garlic sauce, but the jalepeno sauce was tasty - not a lot of bite, but nice flavor.   Our service was ok... not outstanding but adequate. Overall, I was quite pleased with my meal and my co-workers enjoyed theirs as well.  I am looking forward to going back.
4	Been here 5 times. The last time I went was the best.  I think they worked out all of the kinks. The chicken was cooked perfectly. The salad was fresh and delicious. The star of the show was the beef epinatas.
1	We have visited there quite often since they opened and really enjoyed the food, especially the chicken and beef dishes and the plantains and yucca.  We have carried many friends there who also enjoyed the food and the atmosphere.Today we went there for dinner to discover a sign out front indicating new ownership.Inside once we asked about it we were told that this location and the East Blvd location are now under the same Ownership, and that prior owners had gotten into trouble with kitchen inspections.  They indicated we would love the food that it was tremendously better.Unfortunately, that was not to be the case.  I had pork chops and they came to me and were end cuts, taste old, and were about 1/4 inch thick.  I also had beans and yucca.  To say the food was salty is an understatement, it was like taking the top off the salt shaker and pouring it into your mouth,  I wish I were exaggerating.  Oh yes did I mention their prices were about 40 % higher also?  What a waste of $40.
4	This place is my new favorite local joint, and go-to place for a local, casual business lunch.  You have to start with the Tostones and guacamole.  I am the kind of person that loves to try different things, but I have gone several times now and ordered the same thing: the 1/4 chicken and salad.  It is a home run.  This location hasn't had a ton of luck but I am really hoping Pio Pio makes it at this location because this has all the things I love: healthy options, great food, and good service.  Definitely worth checking out.
4	Enjoyed a yummy lunch using Ballantyne discount card for a great deal. Chicken soup was full of flavor with big pieces of chicken. Quarter chicken was crispy and juicy
4	After reading some of the other reviews I was a little concerned when my dad suggested we visit Pio Pio in Ballantyne. I think they maybe have read these reviews and got their stuff together a little more. I didn't have any issues when i went.The restaurant was a little small with about 20 tables. It was cute and cozy with some great spanish music playing. From time to time i found myself dancing in my seat. My parents ordered one of the combo specials with chicken, yucca, rice and beans. The chicken was tender and tasty. My family absolutely loved the beans and even ordered seconds. The second order of beans was delivered by the owner shortly after ordering it. He made sure we were being well taken care of.I ordered the arroz con pollo with plantains and was a little disappointed but only becauseIi was comparing it to my mom's. It was definitely tasty but at times i felt like I was on an Easter egg hunt. With every fork full of rice i would find a new ingredient such as green beans, or vienna sausage looking things, or corn. It was certainly an interesting meal.The plantains were sweet and delicious. I think i would go back if i was hungry for some tasty chicken.
5	Wonderful food & fast service! Loved the Latin combo & Tres Leches!!
1	Poor customer service...  Staff members are rude.   There was miscommunication with a voucher my guests and I had and what the server clarified at the beginning.  It was a different story when my guests and I got the bill.  The rude gestures came from a male also working at the restaurant (was at the front counter most of the time), when he started insulting my guests stating, "can you not read?" and other inappropriate remarks.       I enjoyed the food I had (#4) and I was looking for catering options for an event in Charlotte.  I asked if an exception could be made since we were wanting to be returning customers, the male worker said he'd ask the manager... turns out the manager was only on the phone and was a very quick phone call.     Decided to go to this location since it was closer than the Dilworth chain. (rude gentleman worker said that both locations are owned by same person.  is this true?) I will definitely not be coming back or doing any business with this restaurant again.  I do not recommend dining in at Pio Pio.
5	Wonderful Peruvian food, loved the yucca, I ordered almost one of everything to try it out and really enjoyed the empanadas. There is a Groupon out there I think or Restaurant.com. Must try!
4	Recently my next door neighbors, my wife and myself had dinner at the Ballantyne location. My neighbors had eaten there a few times before, but it was our first time. It was also my first time dining at a "Peruvian" restaurant. I ordered some Tostones with guacamole, shared it with my wife. I'm choosy about my guacamole and I was not let down. It was 5 star guacamole. My main dish consisted of strips of beef mixed with brown rice, bits of mushroom and onion. This was an ideal dish for me in that it contained ingredients that I enjoy all the time. I liked the tostones, too. They're fried Plantains although the taste reminded me of potato- nothing wrong with that. The food was all just great, however there are problems with the service. The servers seem to be very young, inexperienced in their work and also in the English language. I paid by credit card and when they came out to give me my bill, they said that my Visa was not being accepted. I automatically assumed that I had done something wrong with my Visa card that I had just used at a gas station hours before. So, I leave there with a "block" on my Visa card because the young and inexperienced server(s) did not run the credit card properly. So, expect great food, pay in cash, and learn a few words in Spanish before you go. Return visit to Pio Pio April 15, 2014.  Returned to Pio Pio this past Wednesday. Again the star of the show was Guacamole! I ordered a breaded chicken dish which was tasty but a bit dry. I did not find any decent sauce to put on it. Service this time was better and I avoided complications that may have arisen with my Visa card by paying in cash.
3	I was hesitant to come here after reading the awful reviews, but ended up being pleasantly surprised. Mainly, the food was solid - I had the chicken soup which was flavorful and quite good w yucca, chicken and a half corn on the cob. Accompanying rice, avocado and plantains were excellent . Companions had snapper (warning! Whole fish served fried!) which was a bit salty but still good. Sampler platter was heavy on meat - could've skipped this one. The service was shaky, mainly because our young server was clearly not fluent in English and not experienced managing multiple tables in a busy restaurant. He was pleasant however, as was the host and any billing errors were sidestepped because a different person processed our check. I'd recommend anyone on the fence to at least give this place a shot.
4	Prompt service.  Excellent food .  Unsweetened tea not so good.  First visit, and will be returning.
4	Stopped in for a lunch with a friend.  She had suggested the restaurant and I was able to pick up a Groupon.The waiter was very helpful with dish selection and he gave us each a taste of all the different sides.  The food came quickly and was delicious and different.I would definitely stop here again.
1	Very rude service.  Asked for more sauce for some food and it didn't come till 15 minutes later, after I was done with the meal, I was not told it would be $1.50 more for the sauce until we got the bill.  I don't mind paying for something but it should be told to me ahead of time not at the end of the meal.  Food was salty and the waiter never came by to bring me more water, even after asking for more water.  With 5 adults and 2 kids we were automatically charge a 20% gratuity!  That's not right since the service was not there.  Gratuity should be based on service.  Will NEVER go back there again!
1	The food is good when they get your order right. But the service sucks. The staff members are rude and disrespectful. I will not be going again.  Johnny served us and his tone was condescending and he had a bad attitude. He want very helpful or courteous. Service is key to me when eating out. My chicken was overcooked. It was a bad experience. Why pay money to be treated like crap and not valued as a customer. They wont make it in ballantyne area like that. Save your $ people!! I used to frequent here but they have really gone down in quality. Thanks to johnny they lost one loyal customer. I will be putting that on my foodie blog to share with my members.
1	My first, and most likely the last time coming to this place. Unlike some other reviews, I did not have an issue with rudeness of the staff. But my pet peeves are  other customer service related issues, like WiFi access. I am trying to connect to the locked signal, I asked my waitress (Ruby) for the password, and she said she doesn't know. She said it's for the credit card machine only. Seriously??? Com on!!! What place in Ballantyne does not have a free WiFi now days. If the Sam's clubs, McDonalds and grocery stores have it, why wouldn't they.....anyway, like I said, my little pet peeves.Decor was inviting. I thought it could have been little busier for a lunch, perhaps if it was run differently. For lunch, food was little bit on the expensive side. Most dishes are above $10. I know that prices are going up in that direction, but most places are trying to still keep the numbers in single digits. Food was decent, but the whole experience does not deserve double digit price.As for my dish, lunch menu item #2, chicken soup with plantain, rice and avocado. The combination just didn't work for me. Individually each item tasted OK, but I was not sure what to eat with what. Perhaps I just don't understand Peruvian food. Too much cheap starch. Soup was little on the salty side, with few pieces of chicken, potato and yucca. Than, once I am done with soup, eating bland rice with plantain was like eating a white bred with doughnuts. I suppose that avocado was there to bring some color on the plate. Another detail, my pet peeve (as I get older, I get more and more of those - old fart) avocado vas not even taken out of its shell. I see that as not very hygienic, especially when the the shell still had a PLU sticker on it. It was probably taken out of the box, never washed, cut in half and put on my plate. Maybe it was washed, but the way it was presented to me in the plate, I am tempted to believe that it was not. Serving avocado in a shell, to me spells lazy, sloppy an not creative. If it was taken our of the shell, they might have gotten one more star.I ask myself, should be going there again? I can only answer that with another question...why? So many other choices...
5	Food and service are excellent.  Johnnie was great!!!
3	I enjoy this location, well because it's location....I live across the street. I tend to order and go so my say on dining in is not accounted for. I used to go to the location in Dillworth and would dine in the location since it was a far drive. I come from a long bloodline of Colombian rice and bean meals and I truly enjoy them here. I also like their soups. I would definitely say try this one or both locations out.
4	I love their Dilworth but the drive was too long for me. I am glad they open this new location. Their chicken and spicy sauce are great, ah and don't forget the empanadas!
4	I wouldn't say this is the best place but it is pretty close. If your looking for a solid meal that is actually somewhat healthy I would strongly recommend giving them a shot. Really good flavor, ok customer service, and  cooked pretty fast for what your getting.
5	Great salads and great chicken!  It's a great place to stop by after work to pick up good for the family. They take good care of you if you eat in too. You can actually eat pretty healthy here if you are looking to.  The kids love the rice and the yucca.
5	Never tried latin before was very good! Friendly waitress helped describe menu. The 1/2 rotisserie chicken was tasty and not dry. The Polo Saltado had great flavor and loved how it was cooked in pieces.Great place will visit again!
1	Worst customer service ever! The man at the counter, who appears to be in charge is the rudest person in the place.
1	I went to Pio Pio in Dilworth two days prior and decided that since I live closer to this one to try this. Worst customer service ever! The young lady proceeded go tell me that I didn't say I wanted white meat but she would fix it for 75 cents more. She then proceeded to tell the cook that I didn't ask for white meat. She was nasty from the beginning. If Pio Pio wants to be successful at this location as they are in Dilworth the need a staff over haul. I'd rather drive 30 minutes for better customer service.
5	New to Charlotte and am starting to explore the Ballantyne area a little since I work over here. Was looking for a little ethnic food and discovered this place.Pio Pio is the bomb. I've already been there three times this week and I just discovered it on Tuesday. The yelp photos and reviews just don't do it justice. The place is very clean, open with good ambiance and has outdoor seating. They also have a full bar and TVs. Seems like a good place to be if you're looking for some good food and to possibly catch a buzz.The food is fantastical. I love the chicken soup and arroz con pollo. The soup has a great broth and is always packed with veggies like corn and potatoes, plus plantains. The chicken is tender and moist and they sprinkle fresh cilantro on top. Mmmm. The arroz con pollo is what really rocks though. If you've never had peruvian, this is a great beginner's dish. I just love it because it's one of my comfort foods. They give you a good portion of rice, mixed with veggies and shredded chicken. It's seriously so good. Even kids will probably like it. Drizzle some of the green sauce on top for a kick...but beware, that stuff is potent. The service was also really good. The staff is very attentive and they even let me switch out fries for soup with my entree. If you're in Ballantyne, try this place. You'll love it.
5	Being from south Florida where there is no shortage of delicious Latin food, I was really (really!) impressed with the quality of food here. Don't hesitate if you are looking for super taste and good prices. The rotisserie chicken is superb...awesome plantains...delicious Chaufa. This is a must-try restaurant!
4	My wife graduated Nursing School so about 15 of us went to Pio Pio afterwards to celebrate.  They put enough tables together to accommodate us and took the orders fairly quickly.  The wait was a little long but the portions were great for $35. we fed 16 people for $230  The delivery of the orders was a little confusing, but we figured it easily.  Each portion could feed 2 to 4 people. Three of us men got together and paid the bill and I gave the servers a 60 dollar tip  The taste was good enough for me to want to come back. We will try the Dilworth location next time as it is closer to our home. My recommendation if you like chicken this is a nice place to get something tasty
3	I had high expectations but I was let down . The chicken was dry and could have used a bit more flavor. Price wasn't bad though.
5	Happened to be in the area for a swim class and thought we would give Pio Pio a try. Best chicken in Charlotte?  I dare say pretty good...  The sides, sauces, and service were all great as well. They serve Lavazza coffee as well. Good all around.
4	The Rotisserie chicken and plantains are just as delicious as the East Blvd location. I'll be back.
5	This place is Amazing. The food is great. The rotisserie chicken was as near perfect as possible and all the side dishes were outstanding. This is a Peruvian restaurant but the menu does well explaining what all the dishes are in case you are not what to order. The waiter was very friendly and the price was not bad at all.  For under $50, it would be easy to feed a hungry family of 4. So if you are in the mood to try something different, this place will not let you down.
