4	This is one of those little Stockbridge establishments that you have to know about, because it's slightly hidden away, but that doesn't deter anyone in the area or from further away coming to get involved. Avoca is a cosy little bar with a laid back atmosphere and great food and drink, and anywhere with such qualities is a sure thing for regular custom. Being so near all the other Stockbridge bar favourites, this is a good option for a bar hop round the area if you're in the mood for variety. I came here with friends early on a Saturday morning, on the hunt for some sort-out-this-hangover quickly food, plus a good pint of orange and lemonade. The kitchen hadn't opened yet. and I think the bar had just recently opened this door, but the staff sat us down and were really lovely, so we were quite happy to sit for a while with the newspaper reading material provided. The menu here has some good options, and is reliably tasty, and the breakfast I had deflected any further alcohol induced illness symptoms - impressive.
4	The Avoca bar, tucked away on Dean Street is quite a find for anybody looking for a bar with a relaxing atmosphere in Stockbridge. With comfy sofas and a warm atmosphere this bar is the ideal place to go one evening with friends to enjoy a couple of bottles of wine!However, what made this place stand out from any other gastro bar is that this bar offers great tasting food! I have been in twice for a drink and have actually ended having two main courses, the Aberdeen Angus burger and fish and chips are tasty and both come with generous portions!Another highlight is that this bar also sells blonde beer on tap, for any beer fan this is a bonus! Some nights are quite busy, but during the week the Avoca bar is not too empty but not too busy - just right! The Avoca bar is certainly a place to wind down one evening!
4	I fricking love this little place, never heard of it until the weekend and wondering now why not!!Went in on a late Saturday afternoon in search of food and what a decision this was. Any menu that has no less than four dishes featuring Stornoway black pudding is always going to put a smile on my face.Now to clear up from the start why they don't get five stars, got the menus and drinks no issue, looking over the menu I was agonising as to what to have. then I read the words , "Crispy Ardrossan Pork belly, served with stornoway black pudding, mash and a cider gravy" decision made....! Or so I thought.... server (really nice guy) comes back... I gleam and give my order only to be told now that there was no pork.... cue complete heart break for me!!!Instead I ordered a salad....yes a salad...so what...this was no ordinary salad oh no.... this was a chard salad, with crispy bacon, poached egg, stornoway black pudding and a hollandaise vinaigrette...... this was a man salad if ever there was one! basically what you have is a breakfast on a salad!! WIN!!Carlsberg don't do salad...but...etc....!Jd - very happy man and will be back for that pork!!!
3	I love The Orchard, which is owned by the same person/group/company as Avoca.  But... I've walked by Avoca before and on quick inspection I wrote it off as bright and uninteresting.  So, I chose more interesting watering holes in Stockbridge.In the area recently and having read positive things about it, I decided to give it a go.  On the plus side, we were immediately able to get a table on a Saturday night.  Also, the table service was nice, though maybe not strictly necessary, and the staff were friendly.  I overheard one waitress chatting with a table and telling them that the bar would soon become known as The Bon Vivant, Stockbridge, which I found very interesting.  I wonder if they'll give it a facelift?As it is just now, the bar is exactly as I expected it to be.  It's a bit brightly lit, a bit uninteresting and a bit forgettable.  It's definitely not what I would have expected from The Orchard's sister bar.  The food certainly looked nice, though, but I'm not sure I would plan a repeat visit.
