3	KFC has gained my respect by selling a 2-piece chicken meal which includes a medium soda and one side for approximately $5.50.   In my opinion, the few employees working here did a commendable job serving a line of customers. They were fast and friendly.
3	Employees are really friendly.  Too bad the chicken doesn't taste like your average KFC...a little dry, hard, & tough. I'll give 'em another chance my next visit to LV. Until then I'll stick to Cane's or look for a Popeyes in Vegas.
1	Stop my KFC for quick bite:Meal doesn't come with drink $1.79 extra for small drink....really?I want water ..... $.69 extra for cup ....really??I want knife for butter on biscuit .....no knife....really???I want hot wing sauce .....$.40 extra.....really???Seriously ...really??Last time I'm going KFC ....
2	After years of forgetting about KFC I got a 2 fer coupon and decided to try it again.  Order was wrong but  2nd star because she was cute and friendly. Food has changed so much from 30-40yrs ago and not for the better. Even the famous gravy is watery and not the same. Sorry Popeyes, I'll never ever cheat on you again.
1	Cashier did not know how to back out an order. Another customer paid for the wrong order to get the line moving. Floor dirty, counter dirty, tables dirty. Order not take right. Cashier trying to sweep up the floor with customers in line. Many people standing around. No toilet paper in the men's room. Did not seem to have an Manager available to resolve problems 2 people came back with wrong orders. Two orders came up to the counter and the people had walked out.
1	Went through the drive-through, after trying to decipher whatever the lady was trying to tell me on the intercom I ordered 3 chicken tenders, mashed potatoes and gravy, and coleslaw. I usually check the order right then and there because most of the drive-through people are just downright idiots, but this time I try to have faith in mankind. When I get home, I open the box to find a chicken leg, A thigh, macaroni and cheese, and coleslaw. I didn't even get a receipt and felt that going back and fighting with these idiots was pointless. I'm done.
