3	Great Location for the South Park Area!  We ate outside on the umbrella covered deck at nice picnic tables!  The staff were friendly!  You go to the counter place your order, then David brings out  your food!  Very nice!  My burger was fixed just right (as I ordered it) and the flavor does beat many other places!  Great Red Onion on my Burger, though I'm not a fan of Kosher Pickles, on Burgers! A la Carte... Nice!  Some people may only want a Burger and not a side of fries!  It seems that they are more specialized : : Burgers and Sandwiches not trying to have a menu that is so wide that they are lacking in making the Burgers well!  I think most people will like this Burger and like the Restaurant!The Burger was Good as in A -OK three yelp stars Good, maybe a little better when I think of all the Chains that can not make a decent burger!  I thought this burger was even better than some that cost more, though the flavor was three yelp stars compared to the few burgers I rate in the Four or Five Star range!  The Onion Rings were not my preference, too thickly cut, TOOOOO much Cornmeal and Too much batter!  They did taste Fresh!  If you like this style of Onion Rings you'll like these!  For this kind of Onion Rings I guess these are pretty good, WAY better than many of this variety, only not what I prefer.  The Sweet Potato Fries were poor and the Regular Fries were the opposite of good!  Huge Disappointments on all sides!  If I let the sides had factored in my yelp star rating of this review the overall rating would drop!
3	Good burger joint! Had the double cheeseburger with my pick of fixings. For my side I got the sweet potato fries. The fries we not that great. I think they were too sweet and a little on the mushy side. So that was dissapointing. Other than that the burger was pretty good. A friend got onion rings, and after seeing them I wished I had gotten them too! The lugnuts (little doughnut holes) were good as well. We shared a plate.I would go back again but be careful about choosing my sides.
4	Very cheery place with plenty of seating and lots of windows. The staff were mighty friendly and were good about making sure tables were wiped down and that the floor was swept.  Prices are pretty reasonable for what you get. I got a grilled cheese with onion rings (almost chose the tater tots because it's not often you see that offered) on the side for around $6.  It is a little bit of a rip off that you have to pay extra for a side, but at least it's fairly priced. The grilled cheese had a generous amount of cheddar cheese (you can pick from a variety of other cheeses, but it will cost you extra) on it and the bread was thick and evenly grilled. The onion rings were very good and come with a spicy dipping sauce. I have to agree with the reviewer below who said the breading was pretty thick.  I liked that though because the breading was very tasty as were the onions inside. My girlfriend got the vegetarian black bean burger which was topped with lettuce and tomato. Definitely not a homemade black bean burger (think Morning Star Farms), but still pretty good. Would have been nice to have a scratch made burger. She got fries and they were hot, well seasoned, and crispy. I will definitely be stopping by again!
4	Great burger. I love the free add-ons....red onions, grilled onions, jalapenos, pickles, relish, etc. Also love the sauce with horseradish (not sure what it is called but it is great!) I wasn't crazy about the onion rings but the fries were pretty good. The staff was great - Friendly and attentive!!!!I noticed they have a lunch special during the week that seems pretty good and lots of beer specials (didn't have a beer yet!) so I will be back!
4	Very good. I like the quick service casual feel. Price was right. Burger was tasty, juicy & just pink enough in the center, stacked well so you get a taste of the fixings in every bite. You must get the tater tots! Perfectly crispy. And the fudgesicle milkshake was to die for. We'll be back!
1	I really wanted this place to be good because it was in walking distance of my house.  Then again, so is the dumpster.  Maybe I'll eat there next time.   Despite the hockey puck sliders, the apparent absence of any management staff and the hair in my burger, I was willing to give it another try until I actually tasted the burger.  If they served a plate full of hair with a little bit of burger in it, I would've enjoyed that more because it would've covered up the taste of the burger.  The staff were friendly for the most part and the add ons were free as someone else pointed out.  But if the essence of four day old pickles and tomato slices gets you going then there are other places you can go for free add ons.  Like the trash.  I wouldn't go back again, but I'm partial.  I have taste buds.  American roadside?  More like American Roadkill.
3	We stopped into American Roadside on a Sunday night.  We thought it might be surprisingly crowded for a Sunday night (like Taco Mac or Cowfish), but the surprise was on us.  It was pretty dead.  There were just two senior couples waiting angrily inside for their order.  We were also surprised that it wasn't a sit-down restaurant.  I was kind of looking forward to a casual sit-down meal.  Oh well, no worries.  It's like The Burger Company where you order at the counter and then your food is brought out to you.  That's why it always shocks and disappoints me that when you order, they have a tip space on the check.  Really?  I'm doing all of the work and you want me to tip?  And that's BEFORE I even get my food.  I absolutely loathe restaurants that do that.  So my options are:  (1) add a random tip on there, despite whatever "service" I'm going to get at a fast food joint or (2) suffer the consequences of NOT leaving a tip and expecting some sort of retaliation.  Neither option is favorable.  So...I added a 15% gratuity to the check before we even got our food.  We got our own drinks from the dispenser and sat ourselves.  Our "server" brought us our food and that was the last interaction we had.  All that for 15%.  I don't know if you're supposed to bus your own tables or not, but we left our garbage on the table.  I figured that was the least they could do since I tipped.  Anyway, enough about my rant about tipping at a fast food restaurant.  My partner ordered the turkey burger and I ordered the Philly cheesesteak.  His burger didn't look anything like the burgers pictured on Yelp.  It was small and flat.  I guess because it's a turkey burger instead of a beef one?  My Philly cheesesteak was okay-sized, but not as big as cheesesteaks are normally served (not that I need a bigger one, mind you).  It was good, but the meat didn't have a lot of flavor and there didn't seem to be a lot of cheese.  Luckily, the grilled onions and jalapenos on there helped give it a little flavor kick.  The sweet potato fries as a side were very good.  We sat outside and enjoyed the mild evening weather.  The dining area outside is pretty nice and far enough away from the busy Fairview Road that you don't feel like you're inhaling car fumes.  There are lots of TVs out there, too, for you sports nuts.  The angry seniors had gotten their food and left (another reason we sat outside) and the only people coming in were people to sit and drink at the bar off to the side.  One interesting thing about the sodas available in the soda fountain:  they have Bosco, the chocolate soda.  It was an interesting choice.  I tried a little bit of it and it sure was chocolate-y.  The prices were decent enough here that we'd return for a quick, cheap meal (over McDonald's or Burger King any day), but I guess I was expecting something more like Bad Daddy's Burger Bar.  Especially if they expect me to tip (GRRR...).
4	Very good burgers to be had at American Roadside. I popped in the other day only because a friend was already enjoying a couple beers here and I'm glad I did! The best thing about this place? Their food is super cheap. I ordered a double cheeseburger (I was starving) and tater tots and a Coke. My entire meal was only about $10. I think the double cheeseburger was around $5 which is such a steal. When I ordered my burger I thought it was fun that you could add whatever you wanted on the burger for no extra charge. The tater tots were heavenly as well.I sat at the bar because of my friend drinking beers but I think that most people who come in just order at the cash register (think Five Guys) and then sit at a cafe style table and have their burger either brought to them or they pick it up at the front. I was actually waited on at the bar, which I think is out of the norm for this place. I devoured my burger and can appreciate a burger that looks like you could have made it at home on the grill. The extra fun toppings only made it that much better. :)The next time I'm craving a quick and inexpensive burger, I'll be hitting up American Roadside!
4	We returned to American Roadside, this time on a weeknight when they were busier and with better expectations.  Although it's mainly a burger joint, I opted to try their popcorn chicken with their Blazin' Hot sauce.  Let me tell you:  it was HOT.  Super hot.  Incredibly spicy.  In other words:  perfect!  And with the full order, you will definitely get "full."  They were reasonably priced, too.  So because of the better experience (and lowered expectations), I had to give American Roadside another star up from my previous review.  I'm still not crazy about tipping at a "fast food" restaurant BEFORE you're even served, though.
3	Nice burger joint in SouthPark. Menu with several twists on American classic burgers and happy to see a turkey burger for us non-beefers. Went during the business-week at lunchtime and the line moved very smoothly. Fries were spot on, crispy and cooked all the way through. If you're a fries person, you may want to get a double order. Tried the chocolate fountain drink which was...interesting.
3	$1.95  American roadside draft beer on mondays.
2	The atmosphere was fun but overall i was disappointed in the food. I had high hopes, the menu sounds great but it didn't meet my expectations. I ordered the Route 66 burger with the Mac & cheese. The burger was ok & the Mac tasted like hospital Mac.  We were excited abt the lug nuts (fried dough dipped in powdered sugar or Cinn/sugar but they were a little tasteless for me. Don't think I'll be coming back here.
5	Love the nachos and of course the burgers.  Everything is always delicious here.  I highly recommend it.
3	Place - cool, biker-like ambiancePrice - a little pricyFood - averageI had ordered a burger. I asked for extra mushrooms (charge me more, I don't care), got a spoonful - what?! The burger was on the dry side :( Loved the lug nuts - donut hole with powdered sugar. It was a nice to end the meal - it took awhile to get it though.I really want to love this place, but it's hard. I will definitely give this place another shot. The service was nice and people are super friendly. I would avoid the burger and try the Philly cheesesteak, since my hubby liked it.
4	With so many businesses in Southpark, you'd think there would be more places to eat for a quick bite.  Unfortunately, its either white table cloth restaurants, fast food and a few disappointing sandwich places.  Thankfully, American Roadside opened and it has help to add a little diversity to the lunchtime landscape.  It's a burger place where everything is made to order.  I've had lunch there a dozen times or so since its opened and the food was the best the first week.  Then it got worse and now its heading back to great.  I'm not sure what was going on there but even at its worst, it was still lightyears ahead of the other burger place with the Taco name.  Choose the onion rings over the fries
3	Been wanting to check this place out for a while, and I finally made it in for lunch this week. I was surprised by having to order at the counter, take a table number, and wait for my food to be brought out. The process is fine, I was just expecting table service. And if I were in there in the evening or on the weekend for a couple of drinks, I assume I'd have to go back to the counter and order again for another drink...?Anyhow... my honest assessment of ARB was it was underwhelming. The girl behind the counter was neither friendly nor helpful. When I told her I hadn't been there before and asked for her advice between the turkey or black bean burger, her response was (and I kid you not): "well, people order both." Uh... ok... thanks?My lunch companion said something about his "half & half" side item. I didn't immediately see that listed on the menu, so I asked Miss Helpful what that was and she gestured towards the menu and said "our sides are listed there." It would have been nice to know I could have ordered half fries & half onion rings, like my friend. Could I have ordered half & half of something else? I have no idea, as she never answered my question.The highlight of the meal was the sweet potato fries. I usually don't care for that type (when I splurge on fries, I want regular, ol' fries), but these were surprisingly yummy. I tried my friend's regular fries and I would not order those again.My black bean burger wasn't impressive. It reminded me of one of the frozen brands I get at the grocery store. Several reviews have talked up all the free toppings but cheese & guac were extra. Basics like sauces, a sad piece of pale iceberg lettuce, onions, and tomato were included.If someone wanted to meet me here or there was a group gathering (on the large patio when they have live music, perhaps), I would go. The experience wasn't bad enough to keep me away (I'd definitely order a regular or turkey burger next time), but I wouldn't go out of my way to return here. Several other burger joints come to mind as far better options.
1	Everything on the menu is bland and overpriced.  Three of us spent $40 collectively, tried nearly the entire menu and did not like one single item. Better off staying home and cooking frozen food.
3	This place reminds me of five guys but with more options. The food is good, enjoyed the burger, mac n cheese was ok, something kids would definately love. they have a really nice patio and service was quick.
2	FOOD:  burgers are tough, dry and fried.  Perhaps their other offerings are better?  The burgers here don't even compare to CowFish, Bad Daddy's ... Or even Five Guys.SERVICE:  it's basically fast food - stand in line, order, then they bring food to you.  No table service.LOCATION AND PARKING:  convenient.I won't bother to go back.
3	Decent place for the price in southpark, Wednesday nights $1.50 drafts are nice.
3	Place isn't bad for the price, especially  being in South Park. Service is friendly, the seats are odd. You stand in line to order and then they bring it to the table, so you tip up front. The food is pretty good. I would return.
3	I would almost say, come here for their fries and onion rings because their burgers and hot dogs are nothing special. Their fries are amazing, has some kind of crispy coating to it that make them so addictive. Tried their banana milkshake, kind of heavy,  they do not stand out to me and was pretty expensive. Pretty clean restaurant, cute sports bar like deco. One time when I was here I saw a guy yelling at one of the servers, I hope it was just a grumpy customer but I wonder what made him so mad? Overall, I guess it's a good place to come grab a beer and have a burger and fries with friends but don't expect any of their food to really pop flavor wise other than maybe their fries.
4	The onion rigs/fries combo is great -- they have excellent onion rings!!  I always get a bacon cheeseburger and it's always great!  The choices of toppings is pretty extensive.  I love that they have chocolate soda there - such a throwback :)
4	I have to say I really like how clean and cute this place is, but it is also very efficient. In and out of that line all day long. I'm not big on red meat but the rest of the family loves  burgers and they have other stuff on the menu for me. I am a big fan of the quality control, the price, the food, and the itty bitty made to order doughnuts. Really, really, happy with the fact that my kids enjoyed it and my hubby could grab a beer to keep his sanity before hitting a movie with the kids. No it's not the biggest hugest burger in town, but it's also not a $15 burger and they had tater tots. Made me think of my Nanny and Pacas house. Anyway this is a clean bright place you can take your kids at a reasonable price in Charlotte and you can have a beer or a glass of wine. More family friendly or quick bite for lunchtime.
4	It went very well on my first visit - for a reason. There weren't many people eating - as we came in at right time, so maybe - they had time on their plate and cooked us a a good meal?   Anyway, fries are good... very crispy. Ordered chicken burger - grilled very well, no soggy veggies. Yet, messy and yummy. I'll try again to see if they held up their end. :)
2	For the price, you might as well go to Cowfish which is nearby. The food here is flavorless and of low quality for the price. The portions are small for the price. I'm going to keep harping on the price, because you'll spend as much at Cowfish or Bad Daddy and get so much more. Even simply comparing the side of tots side by side, American Roadside falls flat and is a much smaller portion.There's really nothing to say about service since you walk up to the counter, order, and they bring your food to your table. There is very limited interaction with staff.Parking is easy because this place is never busy.I've been here twice and there are simply too many better options in Charlotte for burgers, shakes, and tots to waste my money here.
2	After giving this place several tries, and for it being walking distance to my house, I REALLY wish this place was a tad better. I mean I would love to have a close by burger place I can count on. This, is not a place you can count on, let me explain:Pace: I was there today doing a takeout, and I waited a good 15 minute, seriously why do they have parking spaces that are only for 15 minute if it takes at least 15 minute for your order to roll out? Oh and let me say, I only ordered a side order of fries, and it took that long.Everytime I am here, I always see something that should not happen. Either a customer yelling at the lady taking order, a driver pulling out of the parking lot giving someone a finger or apathetic staff...Food: 2/5 stars...This may literally be generous, I try not to give places 1 star unless if the food is absolute crap I have to go vomit type food. I watched them cook my fries, it was literally nothing more than a frozen bag of pre-made fries that they dump into the fryer. That is great and all, but why do you charge $3 for a side of fries that is nothing special? May I mention, the portion of the size, don't try to order 1 side for 2 people to share, you won't even have enough for 1 person.Perks: Pretty decent deco(they recently put in a motorcycle inside the restaurant), outdoor seating, flat screen TVs even on outside patio and free wifi. It's kinda cute they they have 2 special parking spots for bikes...American Roadside, get it?
1	Where do I start? I had high hopes for this place and sadly it did not deliver. My first mistake was ordering the Philly Cheesesteak. I should have known my beloved Philly Cheesesteak was not going to translate well. The "cheesesteak" was served on an over sized hot dog bun that was hardly toasted and limp. I ordered the sandwich with lettuce and tomato because that's how we eat them in Northeastern PA. The sandwich was mostly lettuce with VERY little meat and a Provolone cheese that was so strong tasting, it would make you want to slap your mama. The tomatoes were diced so therefore they rolled off the sandwich and ended up in a pile on my plate. My fries were fine. They reminded me of Burger King fries. The kind that have that little extra coating on them. Needless to say I was bummed and thought surely I should have ordered the burger considering that's what they are known for. I tasted my daughters burger and can I tell you I am still tasting it many hours later. It was rather gross. It tasted like meatloaf made with Lipton onion soup mix. Can someone pass me a mint and an antacid please.
1	I went with a friend yesterday and I had an overlooked hamburger (I was told it had to be cooked well done even though I asked to have it cooked medium-well).  The tator-tots were ok.  The I sweet iced tea tasted like water.  The dessert lugnuts (powdered sugar doughnut holes)  had a bad taste to them.  The only good part was they they were warm.The manager was running around trying to help people but the food that we had was just not good at all.
4	I built a custom spicy burger and it did not disappoint. We ordered a nice array of sides (tots, sweet potato fries, and onion rings) and all of them were excellent. We also got pints of great beer to wash it down. We sat outside under the roof where they had 3 or 4 TVs all tuned to different sports channels. Overall, a great experience.
3	Its your basic, no frills burger joint. Service-meh. My burger was quite tasty though. I ordered mine with a fried egg and crispy bacon.
2	American Roadside is trying to be a step above 5 guys with a broader menu, and nicer interior.  but unfortunately, I did not find the burger to be better than 5 guys.For a side I ordered the 1/2 fries and 1/2 rings combo. What I received was a small basket of fries with 3 onion rings.  Being they were charging as much as a side of onion rings I was expecting a little bit more.  For the same or a little more money I'd go the extra 1/2 mile and eat at Nom Nom Burger.
4	I didn't think you could eat for this reasonable of a price in Southpark. These are like fast food prices and it's actually fresh and good, plus they serve beer and wine. The ambiance is nice and they have outdoor seating. Just a good place to meet some friends or have dinner with the family - I would take this over Five Guys ANY DAY.
3	Not the best I've had.. Solid, and ok for the price and area. I don't even remember what I had to be honest. Considering the high-end restaurants in the vicinity (Ruth's Chris, Del Frisco, Maggiano's), this is definitely more affordable. They do have chocolate soda though! If you want a good burger, go to Cowfish- it's a few more dollars and totally worth it, though the wait could be long.
3	This was my second visit to an American Roadside and they're consistent, however the only reason I went a second time was because I had expired LivingSocial $$ to use up.I got a normal hamburger for $3.95 and an order of tater tots for around $2.  They were okay - nothing amazing that I'd write home about (but I'll write yelp about it!)The location was very clean and bright with lots of windows, and lots of tvs.  They do have a bar with a good selection of draught beer, but I honestly don't see myself hanging out at American Roadside in the future.
3	Its a OK burger joint, with a good beer tap selection.I ended up getting the roadside burger (Quad-cheese burger) by accident.  It was a pleasant but serious mistake to handle.  The burger was tasty and large.  If you are hungry and can handle the amount of cheese and meat, i would recommend trying it.  It looks horribly bad for you and it probably is, but it is nom-ilicous.Clean and bright.  Looks like a nice patio.
3	Burgers are the focus here, but there are some other sandwiches and salads available for the non-carnivores. When I popped in at lunch time, there were only a couple of tables occupied and no one waiting at the register. I was able to mumble through a burger order (with pimento cheese, yes please!) and a side of onion rings.From my seat, I browsed the internet on their free wifi and noticed one burger sitting in the kitchen window. Four minutes, six minutes, eight minutes. I knew it was mine (no one had ordered after me) but at this point I simply wanted to know how long it would take for the counter guy (manager? not sure.) to quit his conversation with another patron and bring over my burger. In the end, it was the kitchen guy who did so, warning me that the plate was hot. Of course it was hot, it had been sitting under the warmer for more than nine minutes. The burger was still hot though the cheese had melted quite a bit.Onion rings were good. Crispy outside but not too mushy inside. Dipped in the tangy sauce provided.Fountain has Coke products as well as a "Chocolate Bosco soda". I had a sip and it was okay and while not my thing, others will certainly enjoy it.Outside patio tables for nicer days, though the traffic on Fairview is intense.Would I come here again? Yes, probably. When it's a little better staffed than just two.
3	Take this place for what it is - a quick place to grab a burger and (maybe) a beer. There is nothing gourmet about it, but it definitely is not bad, and it is definitely not expensive. I have been here four times, and will most likely be back in the future. The bartenders I have talked to have always been kind and always make sure to tell you about the drink specials they run every day.My three recommendations to improving this place:-Don't overcook the burgers. The burgers are always cooked well done, which I understand is the standard, but it wouldn't hurt to cook them to medium well.-Improve your water! This is one major sticking point for me. Most days I drink water with lunch, but not here. The water from the soda machine tastes very strange and is something I will avoid in the future.-Improve food delivery time. I was in an empty restaurant the other day and my food still took close to 20 minutes to reach my table. I have no idea why, but it seems to be a common trend.I really want this place to be great, and I think it has the potential to be. Should things improve, you will certainly be seeing more of me. I only hope the necessary changes can be made.
4	I have to say I'm a pretty big fan of American Roadside. I have given up red meat but this is one place I really miss. Roadside Rally is my favorite burger on the menu. Great service and decent prices. It's a good place to catch lunch on a workday. The tater tots are deep fried and delicious as well.
5	I hesitated trying American Burger because of the low ratings other reviewers gave it. That was a mistake. I had the Carolina burger and it was just like the burgers I loved as a kid. Prices are reasonable. And, unlike Bad Daddy's, I can have a conversation without shouting.
5	So good! Apparently they just changed their name/menu so one of the cashiers came around and helped us with navigating it. My boyfriend got the Mac Attack Burger and I made one my own and they both were delicious. The burger was a tad dry but overall it was great! It was reasonably priced and there was barely a wait for our food. I would come back next time I'm in Charlotte!
3	We bought a Groupon or Living Social deal when this place first opened - we were excited a burger joint was opening so close to home. Service was friendly and fast.  Decor is nice - there's wood from an old barn, comfortable seating, exposed ceiling.  You order at the counter and food is brought out to your table - think Panera for burgers.The veggie burger was a frozen patty, I could have done the same thing at home. The real burger looked like a good, greasy burger - probably good for hangovers. Typical sides and milkshakes. It was food, nothing to write home about, but edible, doable food. Dessert was probably the best thing we ordered - little donut holes. We went back a second time and everything was the exact same. It's nothing special, but it is really fast. Probably will go again when we're in a hurry, but not really a place to take out of town guests!
2	I prefer consistently mediocre to great one time, bad another. I discovered today that you can't count on American Burger to be good or mediocre. Today my burger was just plain bad. With my cholesterol numbers, having a burger is an infrequent treat. I won't forgive them for wasting this one.
2	My husband and I had a chicken sandwich with fries and coleslaw.  The chicken had no flavor, bun was soggy and lots of fat in our chicken.  We did not like the coleslaw.  Fries were good.  Our hotdog was mediocre at best.  Food is below average for price you pay.  2 chicken sandwiches your way single, 1 fries, 1 coleslaw and a chili cheese hotdog was $19.43.  I am never impressed with the folks taking my order either.  We are done.  We won't go back.
5	Excellent food! Looking for a new place to eat at lunch and came across American Burger. The burgers are great and the service was friendly, quick, and did  i mention the burger?! Would really come back and start making this a common lunch stop.
3	Friendly service!  I had a chicken club sandwich on wheat bun.  Seriously lacking in flavor.  Definitely needs some seasoning on the chicken.  Bacon was not great either.  The fried pickles, spears, we're pretty good, but that's easy.  Pull out of bag, drop in deep fryer, done.  Nothing to brag about.  Both kids had kids meal burgers and seemed to like them.  Prices were reasonable.  Atmosphere was casual.  I'd try it again, but next time I'll get a burger.
4	We come here often. It use to be great, slacked majorly when they changed menu & seems to have come back. Food tonight was consistent to old burgers we loved. Super friendly staff. You can choose any toppings, basically build your own burger. They have veggie burgers, salads & chicken options as well. You know what your getting here & it's good. Casual, easy place.
4	I had a nice lunch here with a friend and I really enjoyed the customization options. I decided that I would try a burger since that is what they are known for, and I have to say that it was really juicy and cooked perfectly. I got the tater tots as a side and they were extremely fresh which I loved because their is nothing worse that old tater tots, fries, etc. The service was very friendly and attentive as it should have been since they were not very busy at the time that we went in to eat.It would be nice to have a little more signage to indicate where they are because we almost missed them! This was my first time here and I definitely want to go back to try one of those milkshakes.
5	I have been in here numerous times.   One of the best burgers I've had, I forget the name but it was delicious.  Milkshakes are very good as well.   Good service and food all around.   I will be going back!
2	Hubby had a mushroom swiss burger which he loved. I wasn't too impressed by the smokey taste of the beef. Although I'm not a vegetarian, I tried the veggie burger, which turned out to be black bean. Realized I'm not a fan. The onion rings were great. The fries, so-so. I was turned off by the Roadstar - their "signature" 4 pattie burger they dare people to finish. Does there really need to be something so obviously unhealthy on an American menu? Prices were a little on the high side for a burger, but food is made to order. Service was extremely pleasant and friendly. The sign above the register seriously needs to be raised as we watched the poor, tall employee's head bump into the sharp point on the bottom a couple of times.
