3	Bi Lo isn't the cheapest. But you know what, I'll pay an extra couple bucks to shop at this ghetto chain just to avoid the chaos they call Walmart.P.S. Argh, they do not carry enough Greek Yogurt options or Salted Rice Cakes!!
3	I think I might have just stepped into the Compton indoor swap meet. Upon entering the store, you'll see a pawn/jewelry shop looking kiosk next to the tobacco counter. Gold watches, funky zippos and silver chains. Hmm, interesting.Anyhow, decent selection and fairly organized. The veggies are always fresh and meat usually looks good. Since it's a Bi-Lo, prices are double of what Walmart and stuff is. So make sure you sign up for their Bi-Lo card. It can almost the tag in half.
2	Really not that cheap, especially compared the the Wal-Mart Supercenter next door. But the produce section is good and I think this is one place where it exceeds over Wal-Mart. Otherwise, it feels like Winn-Dixie to me - less quality, less lighting and higher prices.If you're like me and you want to try shopping at places other than Wal-Mart, then Bi-Lo is an option. Especially in the middle of the night, you're much less likely to get run over by a pallet jack on one of the aisles.Tip: Get their MVP card. It will save you a ton!
3	its Bi-Lo.. what is it left to say?I use the Fuel Perks... and you can usually see me on Sunday mornings.. (a little before 12:NOON)... hint hint!!
3	For a quick shopping trip this place is ok. It's open 24 hours a day and located in the same shopping center as a Walmart and Lowe's... Nothing much to brag about its not the newest or cleanest location but like I said for a quick shopping experience its okay! What I like the most is that the associates at this location are very nice! Very willing to help you find what you need.
3	This location is alright but I prefer the location off of Prosperity Church Road...go their if you can (clean, modern, and more choices).  The produce section is okay here and you can find Haas Avocados at a good price.  I also like that they have a lunch buffet.  Pick your choices out and place them in your to go box, but be careful.  You pay by the pound.  So all of your condiments need to be left off of the weigh scale and placed into the bag afterwards.  They also have good chicken pot pie at the bakery but be quick...they go fast.To me Bilo is know for the BOGO.  In every weekly circulate they have an entire page (sometimes two) for BOGO deals.  Also check the section where you can buy a certain type of product (and a certain amount) and get an extra $0.10 or $0.15 fuel perk (this really comes in handy at the pump).Bilo also offers "Meal Deals" where when you buy an item you get x amount of items for free saving you around $8.00 to $15.00.  For example, buy a pizza and get bread sticks, potato skins, a dessert, and a soda for free.I try to shop at Bilo at least once every two weeks so I can earn more fuel perks.  You can redeem these at the Shell Gas Stations.  I use the one off of Carowinds blvd by Carowinds (which is considered South Carolina so the gas is at least $0.15 cheaper) so I can usually end up paying $2.35 per gallon of gas...big savings.
4	Helpful staff, coupons that double and a close proximity to the place I live... Yep, sounds like my kind of place!  The meats are good, but the produce is hit or miss... I like a crisp celery and I usually take my business to (OHHHHHH! I just thought of another review I have to do!) the Farmer's Market, but if I'm in a pinch (like today), it'll do...
5	love this place!!! love the fuel perks!
4	Open 24 hours. Much less crowded than Wal-Mart but a little more expensive.
