3	Staff was very nice and helpful.  No free  breakfast.  One night I asked for an extra blanket (there wasn't one in my room) they said they are going to try to find one fir me and they did get me one from another room.  Another day the coffee maker went missing from my room, when I asked for one, they went to other rooms looking for one.  It looks like the owner is not willing to invest in the hotel.  I would look for other places to stay.
4	Outstanding room, updated, new and modern.  Very clean.  Great service at the front desk.  Bistro was excellent. The treadmills were top notch.  My fan in my room sounded like a jet engine.  The shower hot and cold were backwards.   I will definitely stay here again.
4	Very nice, recently redone Courtyard. Excellent service from the main desk staff. Rooms are very clean and spacious, Internet is free. Great place to stay!!
3	Lots of place to stay around this popular spot. The hotel is modern , clean and functional. All Courtyards have a bar / breakfast area up front and this one does too. The bar closes kinda early, 10 ish... and in my opinion a little too early.Standard Courtyard, very professional, good service, nice folks...
4	This Courtyard Marriott is located near the big ol raceway, so I imagine at times this place is nuts. I would not want to stay here during race weekends. However, on a quiet, nothing weekend, this location is pleasant. It has high floors, which I prefer. The people who work here, especially in the bistro, are funny and competent. I would stay here again.
5	Customer service was exceptional. Derrick at the front desk was helpful and welcoming. I spent an hour having a casual conversation with him and another staff member. They made me feel welcome in a new city. Also breakfast buffet was spotless and very well stocked.
5	My girlfriend and I stayed here for a concert, very clean and modern. Check in was quick and efficient, very friendly staff. Asked for a early check in and got it, no hassles. Will definitely stay here again!
1	After planning a month ahead of time we show up to have none of the reservation requests we had made met. They gave away our adjoining room and put us on different floors - we were traveling with young children and multiple families and had been assured these needs would be met. We needed extra blankets and there were none. Some of the rooms were not thoroughly cleaned and one had zero toilet paper in the bathroom when we checked in. Rooms weren't even ready until after 4:30! Also there's no breakfast. I would not recommend this hotel as there are plenty of other nicer hotels in this area. We went with cheapest which matches the service we received!
4	Clean, friendly service staff, bright and fun atmosphere this looks more like an A Loft with Marriott rooms and service. Nicely located to plenty to do, I would stay here again given the option.
