1	My air conditioner broke Monday. I contacted my home warranty, First American Home Buyers Protection, and they contacted L&S air and heating, a contracted vendor, to complete the repairs. It is now Saturday, and they're scheduled to make the repair. It will be their third visit to my house to troubleshoot and complete the replacement of a compressor.So... Three visits to replace a part. I'm sure the technician was more than capable to effectively troubleshoot and replace the part in the same visit, which would have been wednesday. But. Because I'm going thru a warranty company, I've gotten ZERO consideration from this company. Despite letting them know I have a 5 month boy at home and it's 92 degrees in my house, this company did nothing to speed up the process. Completely worthless customer service. If I had been paying them directly they would not have blown me off all week. They will get paid the same amount regardless, so to them I am nothing. Horrible customer service. Horrible.I also plan to cancel my home warranty policy, in case anyone read this far.
1	Can I give ZERO stars?? Called First American Home Warranty Co. Monday 6/30/14 to put in service call. By Tuesday, L&S had not called me so I called them to make an appt.. Appt was for Wednesday. Tech came out and diagnosed problem. Said someone would be out Friday to fix it. I called L&S Thursday to see what time someone would be out on Friday. No go. First appt. was Saturday 10-3. Techs showed up Sat just before noon.  Paperwork issue had me on the phone AGAIN .  Techs worked until 1:30 when a supervisor called them and told them to leave. Supervisor called me to tell me that they were leaving and that a new tech would be there in 20 MINUTES (because the techs that were here already, didn't have all the parts needed!). I called L&S two hours later and they had no idea where their tech was or when he would be to my home. Two additional hours go by and still no tech. I call L&S AGAIN only to get a message saying the office is closed and the mailbox is full (of messages from pissed off customers I'm sure!). Finally, FOUR AND A HALF HOURS AFTER I WAS TOLD TWENTY MINUTES, two more techs show up. They are still here.  This had better be fixed SOON!! I've had ZERO a/c for six days in temps over 100 degrees, I have three kids and numerous animals. Two of my pets have DIED because I could not keep them cool enough (a pair of crested geckos if anyone cares. L&S sure doesn't give a shit.). I also have diabetes and sleep hooked up to a machine at night, so my life has been pretty much Hell for almost a week. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY! EVEN AS A LAST RESORT! You're better off doing it yourself. Blindfolded. I get that a/c companies get busy in the summer, but this is just ridiculous!!
1	This is one of the most incompetent and poorly run businesses I have ever encountered. My story is almost identical to the one from Sean T. My air conditioner broke on 6/29. I called my insurance company which is First American. They contracted L&S to come do the repair for my place. I called L&S the next day and they scheduled me for an appointment between 3-8pm. L&S never came in this time period, their office was closed and nobody returned my call. I contacted my insurance company and they were unable to even get a hold of L&S through their "emergency" contact line. After waiting another 2 days they finally sent a technician to my house. He inspected my air conditioner and stated that it needed a part that he would order. He then made me an appointment for 2 days later to return and install it. 2 days later it was the same exact story. Nobody showed up for my appointment, the office was closed and nobody could be reached through their "emergency" line. Multiple phone calls to the insurance company and to L&S were unsuccessful at getting the part and it took over 2 weeks to finally have the part delivered and installed. I spent many hours waiting for technicians that never showed up and many hours on hold. Their own clerks cant even get a hold of their technicians. To rely on these guys to repair my air conditioning unit in the middle of Las Vegas summer is a huge mistake. Take your money elsewhere or ask your insurance company to use another contractor to save yourself a huge headache.
1	July 17th-  almost three weeks after my first call to my home warranty company, my a/c is STILL out! L&S Air Conditioning is the absolute worst company ever. How are they still in business? DO NOT USE THIS SORRY EXCUSE OF AN A/C COMPANY!!
1	Agree with all previous reviews. This company is one of the worst I have ever dealt with...period. It was literally so bad I felt like I was on some blooper punked show. Avoid them or suffer.
1	I'm only giving them one star because you can't give zero(or maybe I don't know how to). I'm currently renting a condo from a realty company.  The ac started leaking water from where the filter is , so I made a maintenance request to the company I'm renting from. The condo is under warranty so I guess this is the only ac company that can be used. I made an appointment with them on a Tue.  the person scheduled me until Thu. even though I told her the leak was pretty bad.  So Thursday comes and they don't show up. They gave me a FIVE hours window and didn't bother to call or show up at all.  I called them and they gave me a lame excuse,  so I scheduled for Friday. Same thing, they gave me a five hour window to arrive from 8am to 1pm and the technician showed up after 2pm. He said the ac system needed a new drain pan and that he needed to order the part and that it would arrive no later than Tue. Tuesday came and AGAIN I called them to see why they hadn't contacted me to come install the part. So I was scheduled for Wed.  Wednesday came and they didn't show up. My husband called to see what their problem was and they said they had ordered the wrong part. Again without contacting us and letting us know instead of having us wait like idiots all day for them. So we got scheduled for Thu.  And guess what? Thursday came and again didn't show up! I called them and again with the lame excuses.                                          Had me scheduled for Friday,  from 8-11 am and the technician didn't show up until almost 1pm. So the tech got to work.  When he was finished he left some glue on the carpet. My husband asked him to put it on the receipt paper so we can show it to our landlord.  Ok, on that same Friday I had a birthday party for my son.  Half hour before our party the part that had been "fixed"  started leaking again! We called them and they said that if it kept leaking to call them the next day. Um, ok? You would think they would send someone to come and fix it or at least schedule for the following morning.  But no. I called AGAIN to make an appointment so now I have to wait until Monday 8-4-14. Hopefully they show up and fix it, and I say hopefully because hope is the only thing I can rely on at this point.
5	I see that this company has had many bad reviews, so possibly my positive experience can be attributed to the service manager that came to my home.   I also submitted the service request through my Home Warranty company, First American.  I did this on Monday evening, unfortunately they didn't come until Wednesday but my AC was still working so that wasn't a problem for me.   The service manager that came to my home was Andy.   He was on time and knew what the problem was immediately.   He took the time to explain it to me and help me understand how I could avoid the issue in the future.    Andy also made sure that the issue was remediated right away and all side effects were taken care of same day.   I appreciated that even though the issue was a result of the lack of maintenance I have done on my AC unit he was still very friendly and patient in helping me understand the problem.  Based on the other reviews I am reading, Andy seems to be a huge asset to this company.  He may be the only positive thing about them.   As a side note, the company did double book my time so another technician did come while Andy was there.   Sounds like I got lucky!
1	Absolutely horrendous company.  AC broke down Thursday night, called Friday morning- they had only a Monday availability.  Turns out, the repairman said he was free on Saturday!!! Not only that, now, they want to re-diagnose and come out again- on Thursday, A WEEK WITH NO AC IN LAS VEGAS!  The dispatchers are horrible, serve is horrible, expect nothing but the worst if you have to use them.. I plan on canceling my First American Home Buyers Protection Warranty as well.
1	DO NOT EVER USE THIS HORRIBLE SERVICE.  If I could give them less than 1 star, I would.  How they are in business is a mystery to me, as I've never had a more miserable experience with any company in any industry.  L&S is bad-Bad-BAD.  Here is our story -Last weekend, we had a problem with our A/C unit raining water into the hallway under our vent.  We called our landlord's Home Warranty Company, and were told that with emergency service, someone would arrive later that day.  Four hours later, Andy from L&S arrived.  He told us that he would have to order a new condenser pan.  He was very friendly and very apologetic, but said that as it was the weekend, he'd have to order it Monday morning.  He also assured us that it would be ready to install by Monday afternoon.  Andy was the only positive part about our experience so far...In my opinion, he should go work for a company worthy of his service.So, Monday afternoon, I took off work early and came home in order to be there for the service call.  At 5:00 I still had not heard from them, so I called.  They said that the pan had not been completed, and that we would have to wait until Wednesday.  Wednesday morning, I called L&S, and they guaranteed me that it would be installed that afternoon.  I again took off work early in order to be available for their service technician.  At 5:00, still no call, no show.  I called L&S again, and they said that the pan was still not ready.  They said that they would schedule me an appointment for Saturday between 8 and noon, as that was the earliest they could guarantee an installation.We cancelled our plans for Saturday morning and stayed home to yet again be available for their technician.  That morning, we get an email from our landlord telling us that he'd been informed by the home warranty company that L&S is reporting that our A/C has not been repaired because we have not made ourselves available to their technicians.  My head exploded.  At 10am, we still had not received a confirmation phone call from L&S.  Because of the letter from our landlord and our past experience with this company, we thought it would be a good idea to check in and make certain that the tech was on his way.  We were told that the technician had already picked up the pan, that we were on his schedule, and to expect him soon.  At 2:30pm, he still had not arrived.  We called the office, and we were informed that he was "just now" at the shop picking up the pan.  We informed the gentleman on the phone that we'd been told the tech had picked up the pan earlier that morning.  His very snooty reply was, "well I guess he was picking up a pan for another customer, because he's going to get yours now."  He then put us on hold to call the metal shop and verify that his tech was getting the correct pan.  When he returned to the line 15 minutes later, we were informed that the pan was the wrong size, and they had to rush order a new one.   The phone rep was extremely rude, and said they 'might' get the pan back by end of the day and that I could call back in an hour.  We called back in an hour.  We were told that they had the pan, but they still had to apply the sealant and then check to make sure it was holding water.  He was very rude and said that they would apply the sealant that evening and that someone would be in the shop by 9:00AM on Sunday.  He said they would call me with an update once they arrived.  Sunday at 9:30 I called the shop.  Again, the man was very snide and said someone was on the way to the shop now, and that they'll call me once they arrive to test it.  An hour later, I call again.  They are just pouring water in the pan, and they'll call me 90 minutes to inform me that it's done and schedule a time for this afternoon to have it installed.  At 12:15, I try to call the shop.  No one answers.  About 3 minutes later I get a text saying that they are on their way to the shop to check the pan, and to wait by the phone as they will be calling me soon.  An hour goes by, and I text the number back inquiring about the pan.  No response.  Another 2  hours pass.  I call, and the shop is closed.  No answer, no response.  It's now 4:00.  Still no call from L&S, still no text, still no install tech at my house.  They are telling my landlord that this is my fault because I'm not being cooperative or making myself available to their techs.  They do not call customers to keep them updated on progress.  They do not show up when promised.  They lie to customers about what has been done.  They do not complete the work in a timely manner.  They are rude.  I am furious.  It's been 8 days for what was supposed to be an emergency call.  My AC is still raining water into my hallway, and I have no way of knowing when these people will actually arrive to install this pan, nor how many more days I'll have to miss work in order to be here for their no-call-no-show "appointments."
1	It is winter and the heat is out in my house. So, I call my insurance and this who who they recommend. I have never worked with such an unresponsive company ever. I am only working with them because this is the company my insurance company dispatched. They responded to my home on Wednesday. The technician diagnosed my issue and leaves my heating unit apart. I was assured I would have parts installation on Friday. I call on Friday and they tell me that a manager is reviewing cases and dispatching techs. That he will call within a couple hours. Four hours go by and no call. I call back and they are "shocked".They refer me to manager. I get a voicemail. Still, no one calls me back. I call at the end of business day, they tell me the part will arrive on Monday and a technician will be dispatched. No one calls me on Monday, which is today. I am now assured that my part is arriving and will be installed tomorrow between 0800-1300. I requested to be the first call and they said they could promise nothing despite my inconvenience. If I could give them LESS than one star, I would.
5	I'm warm again! Thank you, Eric (tech) who was very professional, courteous and knowledgeable. My story - I submitted my claim Thursday night and got a call Friday morning to schedule for Monday. First American Home Warranty. Then I searched the company online and saw these bad reviews and panicked. I called F.A. to ask for another company and they said to try them... Somewhat nervous but understanding that bad reviewers tell everyone and good reviewers usually don't, I waited to make my own opinion. Opinion - I'd happily have them back again if (hopefully not too soon) I need any A/C or heating help again! Eric was able to quickly diagnose the problem and fix it. He then did a quick inspection of the vents, filter and air handler and asked if there was anything else he could do them. Thank you and sorry for the doubt!
