4	Small place located in a strip mall.  There are tables and they take  your order but it is nothing fancy.the food is great, fresh ingredients, good portions at excellent prices.If you like east coast egg fu young, this is the place for you.  The pork fried rice more like the east coast as well.Lunch special prices start at $2.99.   3 of us had dinner and were stuffed with some left over for $30.
5	If you like a good "hole in the wall," and really excellent high quality food, you will love the China Pearl. The food there is very well made and they use very high quality ingredients. If you go, be sure to ask for the salt and pepper shrimp (not on the menu) and be ready for a real treat.
5	Very good egg flower soup! And authentic dishes... Staff is awesome.
3	China Pearl is the closest takeout place to my house so I've eaten their food numerous times. It's really pretty good. The egg rolls are decent, not the best I've ever had but fairly tasty. The dumplings are good. The egg foo young is good. The tangerine and orange chicken is good. The fried rice is good. I usually get veggie fried rice and I wish it had water chestnuts and really just more vegetables - the diced carrots and peas seem so "frozen food." Load it up with mushrooms, pea pods, bok choy, broccoli, etc. On the plus side, I recently ordered shrimp fried rice - and it was really loaded with tasty shrimp. So, kudos!I had been a big fan of their lo mein soft noodles but the last time I ordered the noodles, they came with long pieces of essentially raw carrot mixed in that got stuck in my teeth and made it hard to swallow the noodles. It was a bit strange. I couldn't get a nice forkful of noodle deliciousness without crunching or being stabbed by the raw carrot slices. Even though the noodle taste was delicious I ended up tossing my takeout container because the texture made it inedible. I do like their service, always very friendly, courteous and fast. It's a pretty good neighborhood "divey" Chinese takeout place. It does have tables and you can eat in but it's usually deserted. Most people get takeout or delivery.They close at 9 so this is not a late night place.
2	We went there for the lunch special.  I had broccoli chicken and my mom had vegetarian.  Both were drowned in a salty sauce.  I recommend getting the sauce on the side.  Otherwise, the food was ok.   Mine came in a smallish bowel.  If you don't want to get full at lunch time, it's perfect.Service was very friendly and fast.  Prices were ok for the amount served.  It's pretty quiet in there, so people can hear your conversation if anyone pays attention at all.
5	Mmmm...this place is good. I love their orange chicken. Good prices and the people are super friendly. Anything with shrimp in it is great.
2	We've had 3 good lunches at China Pearl--smaller portions and reasonable prices. Then we made the mistake of taking six of our friends there for dinner.  There were two other people there while we were there.  Since we knew their dinners were bigger portions, my husband and I wanted to split dinner.  The waitress/owner insisted that the portions would be too small and wouldn't allow us to split.  We tried to convince her we were not that hungry, to no avail.  We all ordered individual portions and received our meals at least 5-10 minutes apart. The man who served the food was rude to everyone and got the orders all confused.  The food was warm but not hot.  They must have been microwaved.  We were so embarrassed because we had recommended the restaurant to our friends.  We will not be going back.
5	This is my favorite chinese restaurant and I have tried MANY in the area. They have a great menu. My personal favorites are the Twice Cook Chicken and the Yu Shan Shrimp. They are affordable and the owners are very personable. I've been there about half a dozen times between dine in and carry out and they know my order. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves chinese food!
5	Awesome Chinese Food! If you live close like I do they deliver.
3	Got it deliver. Sesame chicken was great! Little cold because of having it delivered but good! Will defiantly order from them again!
2	Gave it my usual 3 tries. First time had delivery and was really impressed, fast, great food. 2nd time we called for delivery, no deliveries that day. Started our order and they were out of most of the order. Third time we went to the restaurant. The staff had a loud, rude argument with the only other customers there.  We asked for straws for our drinks, they had run out.  The portions were so small we left hungry.  Not going back there ever again.  How do you run out of food or supplies with a Frys 2 doors down from you????
4	Good: The food is almost always great, and the other times it's good. I've never had a plate that I said, "meh" to yet. When I call for delivery they always answer the phone within seconds. All of the staff I've had the pleasure to talk to are friendly enough for it being so busy. Their website is easy enough to navigate and to put an order together before calling.Bad: It can be a little pricey if you are ordering for more than two people. If the prices were down just a little bit I'd give them 5 stars.Other Thoughts: The driver for their deliveries is the man! He's always very friendly and indulges me when I want to chit-chat with him.
5	This is one of my favs in Mesa.
2	Ok, was craving Chinese food, and being new to the area decided to yelp a couple places near us. UGH. Wish i tried a different place.At first I was excited because I thought I had found THE place to go to for my Chinese food cravings. When i walked into the restaurant it was totally empty. The cook was eating soup and three other dishes at one of the tables and the hostess was sitting down reading a magazine. She totally jumped up and pretended to wipe a table as soon as she saw me but the cook seemed lost in his own world. She handed me a menu and it looked good so I ordered. The hostess had to yell something to the cook which woke him up, and he ran to the kitchen and started cooking. After 10 mins my order which consists of 4 dishes was hot ready and packed to go. I was happy until we got home and dug in. The dishes were greasy, tasted like a metal wok and soaked in soy sauce. I lost my appetite. The only thing I ended up eating was the egg rolls. Even the fortune cookie was stale.If you want good chinese food, you can do better than here.
4	Great delivery times and the staff all speak English very well, which can be frustrating to place a phone order when they can't. The food is always fresh and delicious, sometimes can be a bit oily though, but it's peanut oil so, meh. If you want Chinese in the Val vista/US 60 area of Mesa, they'll have what you want, guaranteed. And special requests are filled, without a problem.
5	I used to go here all the time when I lived in Tempe. Always open seating, consistently good food and the price is right. Can't wait to visit again when I am back in town this winter!
5	Everything I have tried from this place is amazing! The walnut shrimp, lemon chicken... I always have a hard time deciding what to try next. My favorite Chinese food in all of the Phoenix area!!! A must try.
1	There was a piece of tin foil in my food. Would have rather ate Panda Express and I don't like Panda Express. Food came out in 5 secs, how could it be fresh. Guess I should have not wasted my 20 dollars, didn't leave a tip, which I never do. Sorry but you shouldn't have tin in your food... Ewww
4	Came back to this establishment because they are fast, accommodating and appreciative. Foods good too, thanks guys.
5	Excellent food, friendly service.  I had the Cashew Chicken and it had the most flavor of any Chinese restaurant I've had in the east valley.
4	We had the broccoli beef, chicken fried rice, and orange chicken. The broccoli beef was great, crisp veggies and tender beef in a not too salty sauce. Chicken fried rice was awesome, chunks of tender chicken with crisp bean sprouts and some veggies. Hubby was not a fan of the orange chicken because the breading was the soft style, but it tasted really good. Delivery was fast, and food was fairly priced. Looking forward to trying out more dished!
4	This is our go-to Chinese restaurant. They are always quick to get our tasty order ready. My husband doesn't come in that often, but the owner somehow always remembers his order. Good service and a pleasant experience.
5	I love you guys!!! Amazing fried rice. Wonderful place because it is well maintained and friendly service. Most Chinese places in AZ have sub par food and less than sanitary conditions. China Pearl exceeds those expectations.
4	First time trying this place out. Since we moved to Arizona it has been hard to find a decent Chinese food restaurant. We tried China palace and everyone in the family was happy with all the food. I am a huge fried rice fan and it was great!
