4	This AVEDA Lifestyle spa is a great place to get pampered up! The staff was very helpful with everything we requested. I went with a few of my girlfiends to try out their Signature Day of Beauty salon and spa package, and they were able to schedule all of us for different procedures at certain times so that we could all have lunch together! It was catered by Panera, I believe. The package originally included a 1 hour Aroma Swedish massage, customized 1 hour Aveda facial, shampoo with soothing scalp, neck and shoulder massage, and blow-dry style. This is followed with an Aroma Spa manicure and pedicure, in addition to a full make up application by their beauticians. The lunch was free, and a free gift (Aveda body wash) was given to take home. I personally did not take everything on the package, like the manicure and full make up application, but they were able to substitute it with a haircut instead. I was able to pay about the same price ($265 for 5 hours, not including tax and tip).A great place to just relax and be a girl. However, I would probably only go back for the facial and maybe the massage (although, the masseuse was very rough!)
4	Aveda Salons never disappoint...unless of course, you are looking at their prices. But I wouldn't trust anyone else to color or cut my hair! Before a big event, I always come and get my hair done here too. Since I have bangs, it's easy for me to come back here and get a simple trim for just $7. The ladies who work here are incredibly nice. I've also gotten mani-pedis here, and a massage. Their pedicures are amazing, very relaxing, and worth the price, especially if you want to splurge occasionally because you deserve it! The massage I got was also very relaxing.While you're waiting for your appointment, they will give you tea or water to drink, which is one thing (for me) that separates the so-so spas from the great ones. Seems superficial, doesn't it? Oh well. :p You can also buy Aveda products here, after your appointment, or just any old time. I see a lot of men come in here too to get their hair cut, so it's not just ladies only!
5	This is now a GREAT spa only because Kristen, an Aveda  trainer and the BEST aesthetician has taken over this spa. Under new ownership (UNRULI) and new management (Kristen) it is truly an Aveda spa.My original experience with this spa when they first opened in The District was offensive and I swore NEVER to step foot on their premises no matter what. That was then. Under new ownershp and management this is now.
5	Let me just start by saying Gianna Christine Salon Spa and Wellness offers the most fabulous life wellness spa experience in the valley. I have been a dedicated customer to the salon for about three years and the reason I have stayed so faithful is because of my stylist Lauren Toya. Let's face it... I am not a natural blond, but Lauren's amazing technique and color pairing knowledge makes people question the simple idea that I color my hair at all. I recommend her to everyone I know (male or female) because I know they will be taken care of. Her quality of work and customer service is far superior then any stylist I have had in the past. She is a rarity to find and I am blessed to have her keeping me pretty!   You all Rock!- Courtney C. Smith
5	I've been going to Lauren Toya ever since the salon has opened. I honestly have not had 1 bad haircut EVER. I have really straight Asian hair and a lot of stylist have trouble styling it. She is not one them! I've sent a lot of customers, male and female, to her and all of them are now regulars. I honestly can not have anyone else cut my hair!
5	Gianna Christine Salon Spa and Wellness is an incredible and immaculate place with amazing hairstylists! I got treated with color and cut by Lauren Toya who knows how to cut thick and coarse Asian hair which is very hard to find! Lauren has a keen and creative eye for style which enhances your beauty.  In addition, Aveda products is used and can be purchased at the Salon which is a plus for all of those Aveda lovers.
5	Great vibe, very clean and professional. I had Marlene work on my hair and she did an amazing job. Wish there was a place this together back in Philly.
5	Gianna Christine is the best! I have been going there for five years and LOVE it.  Marlene does my hair and she is great - very friendly, professional and just lots of fun. All of the staff is super nice and helpful. I have become addicted to all things Aveda!
4	Summer is great and always makes my mane look awesome. Staff is helpful and friendly and in a great location.
5	My husband treated me to highlights and a cut a while back.  I believe the stylist I saw was Marlene and she was wonderful!  My hair looked and felt awesome and was probably one of the best cut and colors I ever had.  This place is too pricey for me to use them every six weeks but for a special birthday/anniversary treat I think it is worth it.  Plus, it seemed like my highlights last forever before I started to see root growth which made me feel better about the price I paid.  The salon was beautiful and staff was friendly, two thumbs up.
4	After living in Henderson for 2 years and not feeling at all comfortable with anyone "new" (more along the lines of anyone outside the family) styling my hair decided to try Gianna Christine after hearing about them from a friend. A year later i am hooked and have been a regular guest (every 5 weeks for the past year) and highly reccomend you request Kyle!
5	I've never had a bad cut with any of the stylists at Gianna Christine but I've really got to recommend Shannelle.  When I moved away from my last beloved stylist, I really didn't think I'd find anyone else I was comfortable with.  I thought I was doomed to trims and the same stylist until I finally got back to him.  Now I've got the best short cut I've ever had in my life and actually feel comfortable taking more chances.  Heck, I might even go back to getting it coloured... who knows? The salon is beautifully done.  It's a relatively small space but never feels cramped or anything less than airy and immaculately clean.  Like at any Aveda salon I've been to, I can always start my visit with that wonderful tea and walk out feeling gorgeous and refreshed.
1	I can't believe I paid $65 for a hair cut that is uneven and took 15 minutes! Even worse it isn't even what I asked for in terms of style. I could have gotten a better cut and service at super cuts!
1	I recently moved to Las Vegas and have been searching relentlessly for a new Aveda certified salon to get my haircut. I found this place on yelp and read about the many positive experiences other guests have had, so I decided to give it a shot. I came in and my immediate impression was that salon was nicely styled; the ambiance was relaxing, and the staff on that day was very welcoming. The receptionist was very courteous and professional, and assisted me with making a appointment on the upcoming Wednesday at 6:30. She gave me a reminder card with the specific date and time to ensure we were both on the same page. When I came in for my appointment, I was told that my appointment had been set at 5 instead of 6:30. I told the receptionist that I had scheduled it at 6:30, but she told me that I had set it at 5. I immediately pulled out my appointment card that they made, in which upon seeing it she apologized for the mistake on their end, but made little to no effort to rectify the situation other than to book me another reservation at the next availability. I was not so upset to see a careless mistake being made. But being in the service industry, I was more so disappointed to see that there was little to no effort in service recovery. I would have wished for maybe more of an attempt  in accommodating the fact that they made a mistake on their end. I am not asking for a free haircut or anything, but I just did not feel as if they really cared about my business. I choose to go to an Aveda certified salon with expectation of paying a higher price for elevated service. It is a little disheartening when a mistake is made and the service provider does little to recognize their error. I am sure that this salon holds very talented hair stylists, but I wish the service aspect would have been more on point, so that when/if an error is made, I would have an incentive to return.
5	I have never had a bad haircut from this place. Everyone there is super friendly, but I always have Kyle cut my hair:) Super nice fella!
1	Bad customer service by Elena. She has called me twice to come in earlier than my initial appointments, and I have actually rescheduled my errands to accommodate, feeling sympathetic to the salon's needs. Naive of me I know. At 11:50 AM I called Elena to tell her I would like to keep my 12:30 PM appointment (I was asked at 11:30 if I could come in early and I said 12 at the earliest), because my errands were not able to be cut short after all- and was told my 12:30 slot was given away! I asked why whoever they scheduled couldn't have taken the 12:00 slot so I could just have kept my 12:30 without any phone call- and was told it just worked better this way. And that I could possibly come back 4:15, but no confirmation available yet. This is all in addition to the Brazilian I was supposed to have done same-day. Elena told me it would be best if I came in another day.So two separate days for appointments, just because I could not accommodate the salon's schedule in a way that works better. Wow. How about never call me asking me to come in earlier? I've learned a lesson in not being accommodating.
5	I moved here from AZ and went to an Aveda Salon there.  I wanted to find an Aveda Salon here in Henderson since they always did a great job with my hair.I am so glad that I visited Gianna Christine.  I started seeing Shanelle.  She is amazing!  I am asian with very black hair.  I've always loved highlights and a lighter color.  Sometimes this is hard for stylist to do.  Shanelle did an awesome job and continues to do so!  Instead of stripping my hair and damaging it even further (which has been done by previous stylists), she recommended how to color and keep the lightness that I love!  Every time I walk in, i am always greeted with a friendly smile and offered a beverage.   All of the employees here make it an enjoyable experience and i would recommend this salon to everyone.  Even if you are visiting and staying next door at the GVR Resort, stop in!
5	I've been a patron of Gianna Christine for two years now and have had just as many facials as I have had hair cuts.  This place is wonderful. The ladies at the front desk know me by name and that I prefer tea & Cookies over lemon water. I stumbled upon it after receivinga horrible color job from another salon and was desperately seeking correction. When I shared my story over the phone they worked me in that same day and I have been going back ever since.  I see Nicole and all of the stylists appear very talented. They use AVEDA products exclusively.
5	Got me in fast.  First timer, service was great the the stylist was good.  I will go back for sure.
1	What a disappointing and frustrating experience. I went to Gianna Christine because I'd heard good things and  always had good experiences at Aveda salons in the past.  I told the stylist I wanted to be 10-15 percent lighter and I didn't like streaky highlights.  I offered to show my previous formula and she said she didn't need it, that "blond is blond." So when I left, I was at least 40 percent blonder, and it was very very streaky. I thought that maybe it would just take some time to get used to, but when I got home I noticed it even more (Didn't help that a friend told me looked like Cruella Devil!)So, I came back told them the situation  and they put a toner on it (and charged me!), leaving my hair darker than when I came in the first time . The stylist told me to sleep on it and they went ahead and scheduled the next appointment. I came back and showed her my original formula (she looked this time), and she offered to do that. Even though the receptionist had called me and told me there would be no charge (Initially she said there would be and I told her if that was the case I would go elsewhere).So three visits and almost 300 dollars later, I will not be going back.  I cannot believe any salon, particularly an Aveda salon would do business this way.
1	The manager called me (he was on vacation when this all happened) apologized and refunded my 2nd and 3rd visits.
5	Summer is amazing and I would follow her anywhere she went. Don't skimp out on your hair.
5	I've got a new hair salon (once again). This time though, it's for good. I'm so pleased with the way that Shanelle cuts and dyes my hair that I won't be finding someone new in my recent move to LA. The salon is warm and welcoming from the time you make an appointment. Of course, I get the signature Aveda tea upon entering and continue to guzzle it each time someone  passes by to refill my cup. Shanelle really listens and makes sure you are on the same page with your vision and her execution. She has a killer memory too, which I always appreciate. It makes you want to go back when your hairstylist cares enough about your life to remember details. Prices... Well, they ain't cheap. Expect to pay well over $100 for a cut and color, but you know it's going to be good quality. Shanelle works Thu-Sun and is amazing. Check her and the salon out!
1	Go somewhere else.I have been going to Gianna Christine Salon Spa and Wellness for 7 years. There service used to be great and convenient. As of today, I was looking forward to a relaxing simple hair cut & blow dry , so I am able to walk out of the salon feeling groomed and fresh.  Today was not my day at Gianna Christine.  The were 1/2 hour late attending to me and then, they cut my hair and have me on my merry way.In the 7 years I have been going to Gianna Christine's Salon, I have never walked out of the salon without a simple blow dry and style nor have they been a 1/2 hour late to my appointment.This use to be convenient. Now, it's just annoying. Thanks for nothing!
4	I stopped by Gianna Christine Salon & Spa to pick up some hand lotion (best lotion ever, btw) and took advantage of their promo for a massage and facial.  Both the massage therapist and esthetician were excellent, and I recommend both services highly!  The staff are welcoming and friendly and the location is awesome with lots of restaurants and shopping nearby.  I love going to the District and now I have yet another reason to spend time there.  My husband had his hair cut by Shanelle and was very happy.
2	Pretty disappointed with my experience here, at least as far as getting a massage goes.  I admit, it wasn't an appointment and they got me in last minute, I was told they closed at 5, I walked in the door at about 3:40pm.  The Salon itself is very nice and laid out well, the decor is tasteful, and the people working the desk were very nice and friendly. When I arrived, I thought it was odd that they didn't have me fill out any paperwork for the massage (that was a first for me) but a gentleman showed me a waiting type of room and told me where to change and gave me a key for the locker, so I changed and sat in the waiting room for about 15 minutes before the massage therapist greeted me. She then brought me into the room and I got my massage, I explained how I tweaked my lower back and that needed the most work, but it seemed to get the least amount of attention, in fact, I thought she was moving along quite quick during the whole thing,  but I wasn't checking the time, it just felt like it was fast, and there was minimal pressure applied.  When we finished, she told me that she probably wouldn't see me again (I assume she's leaving or moving) but she hoped I had a good experience and the salon looks forward to having me as a returning customer.  I changed back into my clothes and  went out to pay the $65 for the hour and I tipped her as I work in the service industry, I know how important tips can be, it wasn't a horrible massage, just seemed fast and light.  Much to my suprise, when I got to my car I checked the time thinking it was right around 5, and it was only 4:30,  indeed that massage was definitely rushed.  I wasn't on the table for more than 35 minutes, but paid for  an hour.  I'm pretty sure she just wanted to get me out of there and be done.  Can't say I would return there.
3	The owner called me and tried to rectify the situation which in my opinion is very commendable, so give this place a shot and see what you think.
5	Where do  I start. I used to go Gianna Christine Salon, and visit Shanelle and she would give me the most amazing haircuts.. when i lived in vegas from 2008-2010On this business trip back to vegas this time.. I got a massage from I believe her name was Justine ( but not quiet sure).. It was the best  massage I have ever had.. I travel the country a lot  and by far the best massage I have every gotten. I literally sat outside on a bench for 1 hour just stress free and enjoying the outdoors after the massage. It truly felt like a state of Euphoria! Thank you I will be  back when I move back to the Vegas area for sure.
5	Just had the best facial and massage a girl could ask for. The salon is the prefect combination of classy and cool.  Krystal was amazing she took the time to explain the facial . Then it was on to a great massage that relieved all the tension and stress from my busy life.  The fireplace in the waiting area just added to this special treat. When you go make sure to ask for the Mother's Day special  for yourself and your mom. She will love you for it.
5	I have been seeing Shanelle at Gianna Christine for a little over 5 years.  She is a ROCK STAR!  Not only is she fun, hilarious and super caring, she is incredibly talented with hair!  I get compliments on my haircut and color almost daily.  She knows how to make you look and feel great.  The salon is also great.  Friendly and caring staff who are always willing to help you pick out product or help schedule appointments.  They always know my name when I come in and offer a refreshing beverage upon arrival.(Try the tea, it's delicious!)I am hoping Shanelle never retires so that I can continue to see her forever!!
5	I searched the Valley for somewhere to cut and highlight my straight blonde hair (which I thought wouldn't be a problem). I had so many terrible experiences. I ended up waiting until I would fly back to my hometown twice a year and have my old hairstylist doing the job. Then I found Gianna Christine! From the moment I walk in the door I feel relaxed. I am always greeted with a smile and an offer of tea. I never wait To get started on my appointments. I had gone to Nicole for about a year and loved her. She did such an amazing job when she left I panicked.The staff recommended Steven and he didn't not disappoint. His quiet and kind demeanor allowed me to relax and decompress from a hectic day. He took his time and was truly a joy to sit for. I will always head back to get my blonde from Steven.
5	What a great salon! This was my first time here and I am totally impressed. The girl at the front, I believe her name is Jessica, went above and beyond to get me in and then rescheduled my appointment to a sooner date so that I could have my hair done before my daughter is born. Simone's book was completely full but they worked their magic and got me in. I am a very picky blonde, and Simone nailed it. She is a super talented hair stylist as well very sweet. I love my hair and cannot wait to go back. I highly recommend Gianna Christine Salon and Spa.
5	This place is wonderful. The staff is so professional and Simone has been doing my hair for years. I've recently started getting my eyebrows done and it's fantastic for that too!!!!
5	Shanelle is FANTASTIC!  She's so patient and friendly, and she takes the time to explain what we're doing to my hair, why, and what it does for me.  She's the best person I've ever had work on my hair and travelling the 50 miles round trip each time was well worth it.  The front desk personnel are always so friendly and helpful, too.  Great salon, great service, excellent staff.  Thank you.  :)
5	Pure Sophistication!!!! The salon is second to none remodeling/move (they relo next door from their previous location) the attention to detail, the colours amazing, a lot of thought has gone into the decor it's wonderful
5	Impeccable staff!  Everyone is so friendly and knows us by name.  Ashley & Kyle are very talented!The massages and facials are top-notch too!I had a really bad experience when I moved here and tried Salon Dushons.  I was ready to drive to CA to get my hair done every 8 weeks!  But, I gave Gianna Christine a try, and, I haven't looked back since!I only go to Aveda salons, and, this is the best one yet!
5	Always a great experience.  The staff and owners care about the customer and the service they provide is top notch.  The new design and decor look great!
2	I have been a fan of Aveda for years but after this experience I may be looking for another salon. I arrived for my 6 o'clock appointment about 10 minutes early and was told the stylist was running a couple minutes behind. I didn't think twice about it and took a seat. At around the 5 minute mark I was again told it would only be a couple minutes, then 5 minutes turned to 10, then 15, then 20 minutes!  At the 20 minute mark I told the receptionist I was going to leave. She took my cup of water chuckled and said "oh ok". What terrible customer service to let a client leave like without offering an apology or maybe having another stylist wash my hair while the other stylist finished up with their client, or perhaps offering a discount for the 20 minute wait.  So disappointing...
5	The new location is nice there is only one room for massages and facials so it makes appointments a bit limited for those two services. Jessica and Alena at the front deal are very accommodating and I particularly liked how they have two people taking care of daily tasks because it is gets very frustrating when someone puts you on hold while they are tending to phone calls.As for waxing Lindsey is freakishly amazing. When she waxes you she does breathing techniques so it doesn't hurt and much and she's super sweet! Best water I've ever been to!As for hair I've only done blowouts so no reviews for haircuts from me. I wish they would put a nail salon in here to make the atmosphere complete! In any case check it out!!
5	I literally just walked out of the salon and couldn't wait to write a review. This was my first time here and will for sure be my new salon. Jessie was AHHHHMAZING!! Def recommend that this be everyone's go-to salon. Thanks y'all!!
5	I absolutely love going to this salon, unfortunately I moved to the other side of town so I don't go as often. Everyone is so nice and helpful and I love the inside of it!I have a pixie cut and am very picky about how it is cut. I have gone to many different places in Vegas and couldn't find someone who really knew what to do with my hair. I was just about to give up when I called Gianna Christine. I made an appointment and was a little skeptical. Ashley listens to all of my needs with my hair and does exactly what I have envisioned in my head. After the first appointment with her I knew I would be back! Every time I go to her she knows exactly what to do, even when I say I want to do something different (which is almost every time I go) She is the only one I trust with my hair! She is so fun to talk to also, so she makes the appointment very enjoyable.I would recommend Gianna Christine to everyone (especially Ashley)!
