4	This store is north of the 215 off of Rainbow and has all of the snacks that I craved from my Europe trip at prices that are reasonable and affordable. (Delicjes are only 99 cents !)The Euro market is a mini super market that carries European goods. They have a pretty good selection of items though they are quite small. I'm usually browsing the snack aisle when I come here but they also have a baked goods sections with baklava and other pastries that look great as well. They carry a good selection of cold meats and cheeses that I'll eventually try one day. I will keep coming back to visit these guys every time I get my nails done next door ^*^.
5	Great little store - although I don't know many of the european delicacies sold there I've liked everything i've tried.  Also GREAT deli sandwiches - great bread and loaded with delicious boar's head meat.
5	Great spot were glad we found it.  The sandwiches were tasty on good bread.  We love jams and jellies n we found a fig spread for only a couple dollars which is unheard of n theres no high fructose corn syrup in it!  Score.  Baklava was tasty too.
5	when I was so tired of the same trash food around, I found this awesome place, sandwiches are sooooooo delicious!!!, if you want to eat healthy this is the right place to go, beside they have so many different food that I never try before like cheeses and meats aaand my new favorites drinks, wines, etc.
5	Found this adorable Euro Market down the street from our house.  The prices are so reasonable here I can't believe my eyes. They have a cute seating area if you want to lunch.  My biggest thing is the quality meats & cheeses here,  they have boar's head I'm sold!  To top it off they have wifi while you wait. Ordered an Italian combo for $5. Some fine cheap eats. I can already see I may go here for most of our meats from here since it's 2 minutes away. If you call ahead they will have your order waiting for you. I was just checking out their website & they will do online orders as minimum purchase of $25.  WOW!What really got me was it's a true European market, the vibes here make me feel at home. Even if they don't carry Portguese products, I'm still floored at the selection and wide varieties in such a seemingly small store. Great job.
5	Great coffee and great breakfast for under $5.!!! Stop by for breakfast or lunch, & restock your pantry at the same time. They have a really amazing selection of interesting foods from around the world, in a very unassuming location. Highly recommended!
5	I hit the deli and am so glad I did. The man working the counter was very friendly.All the regular deli meats are Boar's Head and reasonably priced. All the meats and cheeses were good and sliced super thin. For me through the real treasure is the baked goods. A large Cheery Apple Strudel for $1.75. A Euro desert sampler for $2.49. A chocolate on chocolate brownie that was amazing for $2.49. My Aunt got Tiramisu that she said was fantastic for $2.99.They had lots of other imported grocery item, but I had to get out of there before I spent anymore money. I'll be back for sure.Oh and try the Hot Cappy.........
3	This European market is a new find for me- I usually just take my business to Jones Market but love to stumble upon and explore other options around town. Heads up that this place does not have a produce section, but they make up for it by having a deli with sandwiches baked goods. Exterior needs some work- appears to be a generic convenience store. Inside there are several rows and a few refrigerated sections, the aforementioned deli and a dine-in seating area, a ton of sweets/baked goods, and a large section of alcohol/wines and smoking paraphernalia/products. Staff is laid back, store is clean. Highly recommend the deli section- they have a bomb Italian sando, as well as a really good turkey BLT option that's great with mozzarella. The meats and cheeses are cut to order. Baked goods include breads (day-old for as low as TWENTY CENTS) as well as sweets (giant cupcakes for under $2). Pricing is good, selection is decent.
