5	Awesome service!!!!!
5	went in today to upgrade my phone from a I3 to I4.  I didn't like the first guy that greeted me so I just told him that I was Looking around.  then I was helped my Demarisa.  She was Great and Awsome.  She helped me by getting a refund on my monthly charged since I Stopped my service on one of my other phones but was still getting charged for the data plan on it.  and that was a savings of $200.00.  Then we changed my service plan from a family plan to a indivisual plan which saved me another $100.00 a month.  that was very great and I thanked her very much for that since i think I would not have gotten the same service from the the first guy that greeted me.  So I'm glad I decided to trust my instincts on this one.
5	I had AT&T years ago and couldn't stand them.  They had the worst customer service and worst wireless service!  Now that our company uses AT&T for wireless service, I've had to stop in to this store a few times for various reasons, and every time I go in the service is impeccable.  Everyone is extremely nice, helpful, and knowledgeable.  I don't know how the other stores are around town, but these guys completely changed my perception of AT&T.
5	I came in to upgrade to the iPhone 5. I was helped by Heidy and I thought she was great. She was knowledgeable and quick. We had trouble with the card machine, but that's about it. As with anywhere, the accessories for the phones were overpriced. Store was clean and I was approached within 5 minutes of waiting for assistance. They were slightly busy on a Wednesday around 2 PM.Great store! I would go here again!
5	Got a new ipad today to be added to my account. Went here on a Thursday afternoon but they seemed busy. This lady who was greeting customers and taking their names asked me which kind of ipad I wanted. While I was waiting for my turn, she already had my ipad ready to be activated. I was done in less than an hour, ipad fully activated, and with my applecare to boot. Becky R helped me set up my ipad and she is just a sweetheart.
1	I'd like to give no stars!I had ATT as a cell service provider for over 7 years.  At first no issues, so i thought.  After having auto-payment for years, one day I decided to sit down and figure out why my bill was 300+ without going over minutes and having unlimited data. Lesson learned, check your bill every month! I was charged for a family plan when I only had one line, bill had a print on it that I was getting 20% off, it was not applied to any of the balance. Slightly over a year i was overcharged over $1000. I called they only were able to go back 3 months, so I got only $300 back. According to AT&T i was suppose to just eat $700!I called for about 2 months to get  my money back, no luck. Got hung up on, yelled at, etc. Went to BBB, filed 3 complaints, AT&T kept on telling BBB that the issue was resolved when it was not. I got papers to file lawsuit against the company and my last attempt to avoid the court I've emailed ATT, they gave me remaining money back, 6 months later....Moved to another city, asked for new number, ATT transferred outstanding balance to new account, so i though... they left $8 on the old account. few months after the transfer I was contacted by a collections agency trying to collect that $8 that ballooned to around $300!  Asked to add a line for start up business, knew that will only need it for few months. So I asked several times not to sign me up for a contract. Called to cancel the line few months later, guess what? I was signed up for a contract....Asked ATT to add a line so I can have a new phone number with the new area code since I just moved. I was told I can either change all the numbers or sign up for a totally new account. This means paying pretty much double.When will At&t will get their stuff together!?!?  I am running away from this company as soon as my contract is up. I am a normal hardworking person, I never thought it was even possible for customer service and business model to be this bad, boy did At&T proved it to be possible. Advise to potential new customers- run away from this company as fast and as far as you can!
3	I had to visit this location to get a free Sim card because my replacement phone did not come with one. The store itself was nice. Small and clean, very well organized. I had no problems with getting the Sim card. The manager put it in for me, set my phone for me and made sure everything was working like it should.Of course she tried to up sell a couple of things, but that is her job so I wasn't mad. She wasn't pushy at all and actually gave me information I did not know about. If I ever have to visit a AT&T store in the future, I would have no problem with going back to this location.
1	Terrible customer service by the manager. Call AT&T directly as they are extremely helpful. There are other stores in the area that I am sure would be more helpful.  My iPhone was stolen while visiting Vegas on business & was hoping for a replacement and was too early (3 months) and was not willing to help me. Thanks a lot!  Juanita was helpful but is not the manager, she should be. Ugh!
5	If only I could give this branch a 10-star rating, I would!(I'm writing this short review for Mom. :p)Just 'cause the AT&T kiosk at the Boulevard Mall wasn't there anymore, my Mom and I decided to look for their branch nearest Maryland Pkwy. Well then we saw this one, thanks to Yelp! We were here early evening on a Monday. We arrived to a seemingly laid-back atmosphere, clean, fair-sized store with relatively busy representatives. We waited for our turn to be serviced. After the waiting (which we really didn't mind much), we were approached and assisted by the store's manager named Victor and later on helped by Irving, one of their sales unit representatives. We cannot asked for a better customer service; they were both perfectly good in PR, really were all out there doing the job, and thankfully both were just cool and patient with all my Mom's inquiries (not to mention we were up until and beyond their closing at 8PM).I absolutely recommend this awesome branch for all AT&T users!! :)
5	The staff are always very helpful and friendly. I always get what I need when I go in there. They will even grab you a glass of cold water if you ask! They handle everything in a timely manner. The environment is very clean and organized.
4	I placed an order for in store pick up. This store was super busy and really warm. Like i was sweating the whole time. I was in a rush and the whole thing didnt take too long. One thing that sucked was the machine to transfer my contacts didnt do it. He didnt check if it worked so that sucked driving around with no comtacts. I switched to Android from iOS. Those things aside the guy who helped me showed me how to get a $50 credit using isis wallet. I thought that was above and beyond. He was an Asian guy with glasses. I did register and can use it towards my bill. How awesome is that? I would definitely go back. Their door greeter is awesome, it's clean, and the staff are nice.
5	Luis was very patient and helped me with my billing cycle, at the potential cost of helping other customers who probably wanted to buy expensive iPads.Strongly recommend!
3	I'm not sure if it's just AT&T or just this location but they are very anal about phone trade ins. Ur must be the same day and you must pay in full of the new phone in order to get full credits of the trade in value. You can not apply it to your account or installment of your new phone. Best buy and other places are not as strict. It makes me wonder about their service at stores as I never have problems on the phone.
1	They had super crappy customer service. I asked a simple question, "do you have this phone in stock?" he said no, gave me some bull crap excuse about how he can't check other stores. I used to work for AT&T, yes he can look at other stores but he was clearly a lazy salesman who didn't care to help if he wasn't getting commission. Then, mid sentence while I was asking him alternative options he hung up on me. Mind you, I don't get snobby with people. Knowing this man was lying to me I was still polite, so he didn't hang up on me for being rude. He did it because he was clearly a dick. The store in Summerlin, the one on ann road, and the one on sahara have WAY better customer service. When I called summerlin, I didn't even have to ask him to check other stores he just did it automatically. The Summerlin store clearly cares. This one, no.
5	I was in Las Vegas for vacation.  Bernardo was able to help me with a pressing phone need - easy - fast - helpful.  It was all good.  Restored my faith in customer service.  Thanks Bernardo!
5	Wow what a service. My number " got Limbo "Some big big BS. Brian the best employees EVER. Help me a lot! ##4 hours on The phone to try help me to get back my 8 years phone number. 4 hours talking with India robot people 4 hours taking with Pakistan robot people. Thank you so much Brian.
