1	They were playing some Kenny Loggins, but then they switched the station. No one turns off good ol Kenny. I saw Kenny back in 87 in Memphis, and that was one hell of a show. Chow mein here was dry.
4	Place has been open for a couple days, so I took a shot at some 2 item combos with 1/2 lo mein and half fried rice. The Lo Mein Noodles were nice and fat with hearty vegetables while the Fried Rice was a little blah with little color or veggies.Garlic Chicken had some nice heat while the Kung Po Chicken lacked heat. Vegetables were plentiful providing good overall taste. Orange Chicken, Salty Chicken along with Beef N Broccoli all were stand up with great bit size pieces and flavors. Black Pepper Chicken is the overall star for this restaurant! Bite size pieces without too much pepper which some restaurants fail to monitor. There is a hint of sweet in the Black Pepper Chicken that makes me want to go back for more. If you have a person or child who is hesitant on trying Chinese food. This may be the item to order that may change their mind.
5	This restaurant just opened but WOW! Their customer service is phenomenal! They were completely willing to make all of their food fresh for us. And their pricing is very very affordable. The kung pao chicken and orange chicken was DELICIOUS! I would defiantly recommend this restaurant !
5	Omg i love their orange chicken!  Waitress super friendly and attentive! Totally different from most Chinese,  Thai, Vietnamese restaurant you go to. I loved the seafood soup.  I'm most definitely coming back!
4	Went to Nihao with a friend who came into town for the week and was starving. She ordered the 3 entree special, which I believe was $5.95. She got orange chicken, kung pao chicken, and I think the black pepper chicken. She was very pleased with all of the entrees she had. I finished up the orange chicken today, two days later. It was delish! Not overly breaded and a nice, distinct orange flavor. She called my roommate at home to see if she wanted anything, so we also pucked up the $4.99 two entree special with double sweet and sour chicken and fried rice, which they made fresh for her order. The portion was so big, our lovely server could hardly close the container. My roommate was very happy with her order and said the sweet and sour chicken was really good, along with that freshly made fried rice. It was a bargain for the price. We are going back tonight, once it cools off outside, LOL!!!
5	Okay, went on my own last night and got the $4.99 grand opening special. Black pepper chicken and beef w/broccoli with fried rice and I added 3 crab rangoons for $1. The black pepper chicken was excellent...not overly breaded, and it was crispy right down to the last bite. The sauce was outstanding! The beef with broccoli was also very good, the beef was tender and the broccoli still had a nice snap to it. In fact, all the veggies in both entrees were wonderful, not overcooked at all. The crab rangoons were a bargain for the price. They stayed nice and crispy as well. They had a new lady working there, who was very nice and very enthusiastic about the food and the level of service. Don't pass this up. Everyone has to get their sea legs and their rhythm in the restaurant business and I think they are on their way to being very successful!!! Great job! These folks really care about the product they are selling and want to make sure their customers are happy.
5	New kid on the block close to work. Fast, tasty food at a great price with friendly service. I agree wit Mike M the Kung Pao chicken could use more spice but they do have chili oil for those who like HOT! - Super clean always and now they deliver which cold come in handy. For those on the go they have drive thru too
4	Great food made fresh with friendly service, and they don't hold back on the portions.
4	Went here today for a late lunch.Ordered the shrimp with broccoli and bbq pork fried rice.The shrimp were large and fresh,broccoli was also fresh.Pork fried rice was excellent.Portions were generous,almost enough for two.Cook and counter girl were friendly.
1	Sign outside says $4.99 for two entries. When you ask about it, they tell you that the sign is for some kind of buffet style food before 3pm. When I left I checked the she sign did not say anything about "before 3pm". So there are you standing there ready to eat some food and you just order anyway. I did not really appreciate the bait and switch scam crap. The portions were decent although the food was kind of bland. I give one star because I did not like going in for the special advertised on the window and then told it is not available. That is not the proper way to run a business.
