4	I love this library.   I am a volunteer tutor for GPLC, and it's a great environment to teach and learn.  There are tons of beautiful, well-kept books, and most of the librarians are just lovely-- the kind that make you love reading as a 7-year-old.  However, two of them give me attitude every time I interact with them.  Yesterday I asked if I could still get a book out if I had misplaced my library card.  All I got was a glare and a "NO."No, you don't ever have to worry about losing my "business," but do you have to make me feel like an ultra-turd just for asking a question?  That's why you're behind the desk... isn't it?
5	I feel like this is more of a community center than just a library. There are so many wondreful activities! This place really has it all including plenty of free parking. I moved here from the Bay Area and I am so impressed with the library. My kids love going. The kids room is huge and has so many little nooks for the kids to chill with a book. I really, really love the Mt. Lebanon Library
4	Yay Library!   So far, this is my favorite branch in Pittsburgh, conveniently equidistant between work and home.  Librarians are always nice to me and I love how I can reserve materials from any branch and then pick them up here (my home library back in Illinois stopped doing that years ago due to budget constraints).  I'm typically able to find any book I have a hankering to read somewhere within the Carnegie system, which saves me bucks because I don't really see the point of buying books when you can just check them out FOR FREE!   I'm thinking about trying the Scrabble group they have there on Saturday afternoons, anyone have any experience with that?
4	I love this library - good thing, too, since it's my local library! It doesn't quite have the "awesome" feel and look that the enormous main branch in Oakland does, nor does it have a cafe like the main one does. Still, it has the best and most essential part of any library: the books! I love just walking between the shelves looking at what's here. Plus, as part of the Pittsburgh library system, if you can't find a specific book here you can request a copy from another branch and they'll bring it here for you to pick up. Other items you can find or request include but are not limited to CDs (do people still listen to CDs?), movies, audiobooks and music books.Other things to love about this library: there's entire rooms available to use for quiet studying or gaming sessions. I knew folks in high school who would get together to play board games or D&D here. If you don't need an entire room, you can use a desk, assuming they're not all taken; I used to grab a desk by the window when I was interning/working from home. On rainy days I just listened to rain falling on the enormous windows as I typed. It was so peaceful and relaxing. Also, there are frequently book sales here, during which you can find cheap books, DVDs and even old VHS tapes. If you need to use a computer for any reason (looking a book up, getting directions, e-mail, whatever), you can access one and use the Internet for free with a library card number. There are printers/scanners available for public use - there's a small fee for using them, but it's a miniscule one. And the staff/volunteers are all very sweet. Locals will probably recognize a lot of them, too, since many of them are involved in other parts of community life, too. What else can I say? It's not the biggest library in the city but it's one of the sweetest and has a great close-knit community feel to it. Can't complain!
5	The highlight of my college years used to be the public library on my college campus. At least once a week I'd stop on by that magical educational haven. I'd say hi to the quirky library guys (many of them also in the college), pick up some videos, some CDs, order in some Chinese Takeout and then I'd proceed to forget about all of the papers I should be frantically writing. I loved that such a resource existed. Libraries are so often forgotten, but they can be such a pertinent and invaluable resource for a community. I re-discovered my love of the library at Mount Lebanon Public Library this past weekend.My mom and I dashed in here to escape the cold and to drop off her autobiography. As soon as we entered - we were greeted by two lovely older volunteers who were heading up a non-profit book program - in which they re-sell donated books. Their selection was phenomenal. They had everything categorized perfectly - from fiction, to non-fiction, self-help books, art books, recipe books, memoirs and much more. The best part was that everything was in near perfect condition and they were all priced anywhere between a dollar - to two dollars.I sat for nearly an hour  - perusing through recipe books and memoirs and ended up purchasing about 6 books for about a dollar fifty each. Each book was easily worth at least 15-20 dollars each and each piece of literature was something that I would definitely have purchased if I happened to come across it at a bookstore.If you live in the area - support your local library and let it support you.Trust.
