5	I know I'm going to lose any credibility I've built for this review but I don't care. Why a 5 stars?  Because I can't give six stars for my beloved 99c soft serve ice cream. It's the best desert I can think of after any meal. If I could purchase their machine and recipe for the ice cream, It would be sitting in my kitchen this minute. 99c for 99 calories of perfect treat. I know there are tons of soft serve ice cream out there but Micky D makes it just right to my taste. Packed at least 6 inches high on a tiny cone. It's not to watery, not too creamy. Not too soft and not too hard. Not too sweet. It takes me 10 minutes to get through the whole cone and I do savor those 10 minutes. How many deserts can you think of that takes more than 3 minutes to devour. Pies, cakes, puddings, cookies nope! Ah..If only I can have a cone now...(Note: That's why I befriended Mike P. He's standing next to my perfect desert )http://www.yelp.com/user_photos?userid=jo8vV5iUZLHp617cTKZ7mA&select=DVKynf25Qs0KCXhXbtPrDw&return_url=/user_details%3Fuserid%3Djo8vV5iUZLHp617cTKZ7mA
3	It's McDonalds. Cheap, quick breakfast. That's about its use. They have free wifi if you like this place.
4	Love McDonalds to the end.Review based on location.Star 1: Right inside the Boca Park plaza. Hungry after window shopping or messin around at Guitar Center? Come on down!Star 2: The parking lot is spaciously awesome, and the location feels safe.Star 3: The seating is roomy. Had a party of 9 for a meeting. It's pretty chill on Monday nights.Star 4: It's McDonalds man. Who can beat the dollar menu?!I love it when the fries are still hot when you eat 'em.. They weren't this time..
2	When all you have to do is select an icon to complete a patrons order one should expect that service would be good.  Somehow they never seem to get it right.
1	Rude, sloow crew. You would think that when the place is empty you could run in and out. Instead employees ignore you, even if you ask for service directly. Stay away.
2	exactly what the stars say. MEH. i realize that it is just mcdonalds, but i have definitely experienced better. everytime i come through here the employees are very monotonous and the fries are cold. seriously, the fries are the best part of mcdonalds; the least you could do is give me a decent order of hot, salty deliciousness!
3	It is scary when they know what you're going to order as soon as you walk in? Yes, I've been here more than a few times
4	I work in this area, and so sometimes I'll stop by here to get food when I haven't brought anything from home. Gotta say, they have gotten a lot of new staff and it's really nice now! Clean, fast, and satisfying.I usually do large orders because I order for myself and some of my co-workers. The employees are patient and usually try to tweek my order so that I can get the best price for my food. Everyone's pretty nice, too.Their drive-thru is really busy around noon, and totally not worth using. But in the mornings and late at night, it's super fast and no one has ever forgotten my straws, napkins, or ketchup.I'm lovin' it!
3	I stopped in to pick up a side salad to take home rather than make a salad from scratch.  The line at the drive through went very slowly.  I should have parked and walked in.The salad was fresh and with my own dressing it made a great addition to my meal.The only problem I have with this McDonald's is the ease of getting in and out.  It isn't easy.  because of the way it sits in Boca Park, the drive through is in the back and you need to watch traffic going to other stores in the next section.  It's not the most easy space.
2	I payed a visit to this location's drive thru today and really wasn't impressed.When I arrived at the window to pay for the order I placed the guy opened the window and just stared at me. I had to ask him how much I owed so that I could pay for my order. I guess he just assumed I could understand anything he might have uttered through their high quality drive thru speakers.The drive through service was extremely slow. This is one of those places that make you wish you would have parked and walked in because you probably would have gotten your food faster.The food was typical McDonalds...nothing special.
2	Disappointed. Again, another Summerlin McD's just doesn't cut it. The burgers were tasty (and at least not dry) but not hot. They were just a bit over room temperature. Granted, business was slow when we arrived, with only two other guests. Not sure if we will come back here again. If we do, maybe we should take our food home and microwave it just a bit. Ugh.
3	McDonald's is my go to breakfast joint when I go golfing in the morning.  I grab a couple of Sausage McMuffin's with Cheese so I can fill up before a round of golf.  Since I was golfing at the Badland's Golf Course nearby, I dropped by this location.  I went through the drive thru and it was very fast and efficient and they got my order correct.Overall, A-OK for a fast food joint.Return Factor - 50%
3	It's a McDonalds, not good, not bad. Playplace was clean, and the people were nice.I iwsh I could say more about it but nothing stands out, just food, typical temp, typical employees.
1	For some reason everything time I come through the drive threw, they are slow and rude. Wonder what's happening inside smh
1	If I could give zero stars I would! this is the worst location for McDonald's ever! they never get the orders right
1	McDonalds isn't only an ugly looking restaurant, but also has bad food. My friend ordered a salad and found a dead bee. I ordered a Big Mac and I think it is safe to say it was disgusting. Only 15% of their burgers are real meat and the other 85% is pink slime that can cause cancer. I suggest not eating there. Again. The staff is horrible they are a bunch uneducated idiots who ripped off my double decker cheeseburger. Oh and let me just tell you about the food. I bit into the burger and felt the texture of caviar. At first I was surprised then disgusted to find a huge spider crawling out of the burger. I had bitten the eggs and went into the ICU. My experience with that dump was absolutely disgusting. People are idiots.
1	UGH! The absolute worst!!! I can't believe this place is able to stay in business & bear the Golden Arches! How dare they!Only thing reminiscent of a Mickey D's is at least the sweet tea is on point & that's it -They are the slowest rudest saltiest & grossest mc D's around - do yourself a favor & keep truck in til u see the next set if Golden Arches - this place is a dump!
1	DISGUSTING!!  What a nasty McDonalds! The bathrooms were filthy with no toilet paper. Waited a ridiculously long time for a Jalapeno Double burger which was so gross I threw the majority of it in the trash. It was cold and the slice of processed cheese they slopped on there was not even close to melted. Yuck! Yuck! Yuck!
2	I realize that a place that has a majority of their menu priced under $2.00 is not going to blow me away... BUT, the wait times are HORRIBLE!!! Whether you go in or the drive thru it's bad either way. I'm in Boca Park quite often, so I'll run in from time to time & it's NEVER good! The employees are rude & it's always 15-20 min wait times! The only reason it gets an xtra star is I can get a side salad with low-cal dressing for $1.00. I've never been to a McDonalds that was this consistently bad...
1	This is the worst McDonald's I've been to. The service is always horrible. The only reason I ever go there is because it's the closest location to my home. Also it's obvious that the management is to blame. The workers are lazy and have no manners never say thank you. I don't usually write bad reviews but people need to know not to go here and this will be my last time too.
1	Just wanted a large diet coke on my way home.... But no one would answer the drive thru at 10:54pm.  I decided to pull up to the window and saw am employee climbing in the window from the outside.... Still wanting my diet coke; I pulled up to the window and all of the employees scattered and hid from me.   Um.... so I left without my diet coke.
1	Do yourself a favor and skip this McDonald's, I went in and ordered 2 iced coffees, as I waited for my order, they called every # except mine...people from the drive thru kept coming in and returning their orders, this McDonald's is completely unorganized so save yourself some time and a headache and go to another one.  We ended up tossing our coffees, it tasted a little tart for my liking.
