3	3.5 starsThis tattoo studio and bar just opened inside the Mirage hotel. Interesting concept - get inked in a full-on lounge atmosphere. I didn't check out the tattoo area - but thought this place was cool either way. The inside has neon lighting, plush furniture and a dance floor. My favorite part was the outdoor area though, which is about half the overall space. It has a good vibe and ample seating - so refreshing to sit outside and chill out a bit after being in the packed clubs. Drinks were strong, the servers and bouncers were nice, and they stayed open late (early) for us.
5	I was invited to a privet party here. There were five of us and well loved it! The girls and guys working here were awesome. They were very attentive. We never had to ask for a drink and while smiking cigars the ash tray was changed out after each ash! The food being served was also great! My sister ended up getting a tatoo here and the artist did an amazing job. The decor is really great inside as well as on the outside seating area. While we were there they had great music going. I would recomend this place for something looking for a cool atomosphere with good service as well and a fun time.
4	This place was great for the most part. It's right across from Jet the club so as people walk out you can snag them and bring them here instead. They play dance music and there is a little dance floor and they allow girls to dance on top of the platforms behind the couches. Most of the night, girls were up there dancing. I felt the drinks were weak, I had a few Long Islands and Adios' and didn't think it was that strong.Stopped by Friday and it was dead, Saturday was much better.The bouncers are very strict, girls must keep their shoes on, no lap dances, no lying down on the couch. boo.
4	PROSEasy entry (right next to valet)Amazing, detailed decorAttentive servicePatio areaGood, relaxed vibeNice sound systemCONSExpensive, weak drinksPay before you get the drinks (from the waitress)No bar stools (they used to have them)Over attentive bussers (watch your almost-empty drink!)DETAILSDecor- 5 stars, very well done with layers of interesting things to look at. The shot bar facinb JET is a nice touch- while people are waiting to get in, they can have a drink instead of waiting for an hour inside JET to get served.Service- Attentive, but a bit ditsy on prices (I got charged $15 when I was told it was $12.50- her mistake, but she still took the $15). Bar and other waitresses were really nice/helpful. The one downside is that the bussers/barbacks are VERY eager to take your drinks/cigarettes/napkins if you don't tell them not too. A half-empty glass is trash to them and they will swoop in every few minutes to clear things off your little table.Drinks- Nothing to write home about, on the weak side and there is nothing consistant (a nice glass one time, a cheap plastic one the next). The MOST ANNOYING THING is that they take your money before putting the order in. This is unheard of anywhere else and really off-putting- as though they are afraid you will order, get a drink and skip out to JET or the hotel  with it. It creates a really odd feeling when you order and the waitress just hovers and then says "I'm gunna need to get that from you now."Vibe- Other than the weird pay-before-you-get-your drink, the vibe is good. No hassle at the door, you can sit anywhere (no table resos required) and on a good night the DJs do a decent job. It was mostly loud Hip Hop last night (Sat) which I don't like, but outside you can get away from most of it and still have a reasonable conversation. Thursday and Sunday nights are more local and it is supposed to be a better night- at least music-wise.Overall- I will be back, and want to see this in the day when it is more of a retail environment. I would book this for a private party for sure.
1	We went there because we couldn't be bothered with the JET queue one night. In short: horrible music (7 of 10 songs are by sean paul or rihanna and they will repeat), expensive and weak drinks, slow staff and cheap tricks to get your money. They will for example hand out 2-for-1-drinks vouchers to people in the JET queue, then take your order and make your drink and THEN give you a reason why the voucher doesn't work this time. We only got the discount on 2 out of 3 orders. Examples: "it only works for standard drinks" (i ordered a gin and tonic with bombay, too exotic apparently) and "we only accept these before midnight and after 3am". None of these rules are noted on the voucher of course and you're informed of the full price (36$ for two gin and tonics + grat) after they slide your card.I will never set foot in there again.
5	I got inked!The tattoo: I love it more than the painting it's based on!  The image is large on my back and very detailed.  The pigments are rich, the shading is complex, and black is deep black - like it should be.  The short: I'd NEVER been tattooed, but had high expectation for perfection.  I didn't have a referral for a tattooist but I was confident that they were all hand picked by Mario Barth - I know his work so that was good enough for me.  I only had two days to work with, and two artists to choose from -- one was a clear choice: Paes!Paes and I discussed his ideas for customizing my piece and I found comfort in his enthusiasm and professionalism.  I've brought my image to 4 high-end shops in San Francisco, and couldn't find someone who I felt would do a good job.  People kept telling me it would take multiple sittings, couldn't use white cause it wouldn't show up on my skin etc... bunch of crap that never came up at King Ink.Paes had good energy, 13 hears of experience and an impressive book of work.  His piece wasn't cheap but he moved quick and really made it his own.  I love my new tattoo and it was well worth it!  Great first time experience!The long: I scheduled my appointment as a walk-in for the following evening.   I was staying at the Mirage and had my heart set on Barth's Starlight Studio at the Mandalay.  My friend has modeled for Inked magazine and highly recommended Starlight, but then I saw a sign for King Ink and never made it to Starlight.   At first, the shop looked like a clothing store with a bar in the back.  Further back is a very stylish and comfortable lounge area with heating lamps and cool air misters!  The tattoo area was super clean and surrounded by mirrors.  On the ceiling, there was a camera that captured most of my tattoo process for others to view in real time.  Of course, they asked permission before showing the image at the bar.  I also got to watch the process on the private large screen ahead of me from start to finish.  My Tattooist:  Honestly, I lucked out in finding this guy.  Paes is relatively new to the Las Vegas area, but has been a tattooist for 13 years.  His work is amazing and he's a true artist.  What impressed me the most is that he does NOT use stencils - EVER.  Instead, he prefers to freestyle his images with a pen.   He sketched my wolf so quickly, I didn't even have time to fear/anticipate the needle.  A few minutes in, it became obvious that his interpretation of my painting was beyond what I expected - really powerful, detailed and realistic. Unbelievable, because it reaffirmed for me that I was doing the right thing:  committing to having a piece of art that I love on my body forever.  I sat up the whole time, while Paes worked on my back.  I watched him work on the screen in front of me and on the mirrors surrounding me which was really comforting.  While I can't say that this was the most enjoyable experience I've ever had, it wasn't the most painful either.  Instead, it felt like an exciting and annoying burning/stinging.  The loud music and high energy of the place distracted me from the needles' buzz, and I found myself occasionally getting lost in the image and music.   Distractions are great when you're sitting for hours.  It's also nice that this is a lounge where your friends can party while they wait for you.My tattooist did his best to make me comfortable throughout the process and worked through with only one break - at my request.  I felt taken care of and enjoyed watching him develop my tattoo from start to finish - pretty amazing.  Someone behind the desk offered to sell me the video for $25, but I passed.  My girl took a bunch of pics, and that seemed sufficient.Aftercare:I have to say, Paes' explanation of what to expect was spot on.  I bought an aftercare kit from the shop and followed his instructions to a T - everything looks great so far.  Paes said I'd be sore for a couple of days, and would peel around the 3rd or 4th day, but not likely to scab, because he has a light hand.  He was right, there was no scabbing, because he didn't press hard.  It peeled for two days and that was it.  Really wasn't that bad, but felt like a sunburn. It's been over a week, and I'm still healing, but the swelling and peeling is gone.  My back is a little itchy in the morning and night, but the itch goes away after I wash the area and slightly hydrate with the lotion they gave me.  I hardly feel my tattoo anymore though i know it's there.  I recommend King Ink to anyone looking for a clean and high-end shop in Vegas.  I recommend Paes for anyone who is looking for a dope customized piece.
4	So good, that I actually made a yelp account to write a review!The piercers were extremely friendly and shared stories with you about their experience. They sterylize everything; my friend and i both went to get new piercings in our ears and they cleaned and disposed of all contaminated objects. If you know your shit about piercings and tattoos, then you will get along with these guys perfectly.They also knew what they were talking about. They use needles instead of piercing guns which is AWESOME. Their jewelry is very classy and the studs are small enough to not be obnoxious but large enough to be noticed.The only reason that this isnt a 5 star review is because of the price. VERY expensive, regardless of what the price review says at the top. i had to pay 80 dollars for 1 piercing! Crazy. All in all, its a very fun experience, a very friendly staff, and if youre in vegas and want an impulsive piercing like me- then this is a great place to go.
5	Kris is both the manager and the cashier. She was really really helpful. She's really pretty and fun and helpful and took good care of my friend the whole time we were there.
1	Horrrrrribbble experience here!! Not a place to come to for dancing or drinking. This "club" as the guys handing out flyers called it is a complete  RIP and they say whatever they have to to get you in the door. We got these bracelets while walking to the mirage that was supposed to give us 1/2 off admission. Hubby still had to pay $20 and I  had to pay $10 to get in. Ladies get free drinks before midnight and after 2pm. We got in around 11:45 pm.  I spent about 20min. hanging over the bar trying to get the bartender's attn. There were girls next to me who waited longer and were pissed because the bartenders ignored them so they wouldn't have to givethem free drinks. i ordered 2 amaretto sours and it came out to $24! And they wouldn't take the 2 for 1 coupon that these tards handed to us on the strip. Music sucked a$$. DJ was white and only played black "lean wit it" type of music.  I had already dropped $50 so i wanted to atleast try and enjoy myself. Didn't happen. We sat down in the lounge area to rest my feet and wait for a decent song to groove to. A waitress came up to us and told us we would have to spend $250 and buy a bottle if we wanted to sit!!! I can't believe that there were some people there who acutally spent that much and more just to sit and look cool. This place is whack, small, expensive, and deceiving. DO NOT GO HERE, wait the 2 hours in line to get into the Jet.
4	Got a tattoo Aug 27th at King Ink - Jason Peacher was the artist.  he was friendly and professional.Pros: -Nice, new shop.  TV's in tattoo area.          - $10 off a clothing purchase if you get a tattoo.         - touchscreen monitors to check out other tattoo designs.Cons:  - Expensive (it is Vegas afterall...)             -The $20 they charge for the 'aftercare kit' - which is really just a small bottle of lubriderm and some soap.            I don't think I would come here to drink.  Heard drinks are expensive.  Also, really loud when we walked by at night.What happens in vegas stays in vegas...except tattoos!   :)
3	We did not get inked here but we did drink here. Ha see how I did that. Decent enough club in Vegas but I would never pay a cover for it. The dinks are too expensive and plastic cups, that blows for 12-15 clams a piece. Not going to rush off to this place anytime soon.
5	If your in Vegas, you like to drink, you like tattoo culture, you like a good time. Head down to the Mirage and go to King Ink. Tell them Danny Casler & Ruthless from La Ink sent you. I promise you, you wont regret your time spent here.Mario Barth is a great dude and has done a great thing by creating the first tattoo shop/bar/lounge/live venue. So sick! Keep it up brother, we love ya!
4	King Ink~ Is an amazing shop~ Recently went to "Mario Barth's" Biggest show on earth! tattoo conv. The after party was at this newest shop~bar and lounge!!! Awesome ~ for Las Vegas!!! Definetly  ~ hitting the scales for high class!!!!
3	stopped in here with my friend to get a mimosa to start our day on the strip. it looks like a pretty standard bar. i didn't realize it was a tattoo shop until reading some of the other reviews. the bartender was nice and made us some strong drinks. we ended up coming back here later that night for open bar from 10-midnight before doing some dancing at jet. the drinks are expensive but expected.
4	Ok let me start by saying I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THIS WAS A TATOO PARLOR! My group and I left Jet nightclub across the way early (around 2) sober and because our feet hurt when a doorman offered us open bar wristbands with a ten dollar cover to king ink.  There's no cure for sore feet like being drunk, so we took them! The music here was just as good if not better than jet. LOTS of hip hop late on a Saturday night.  Lots of FREE places to sit and really funny/nice bartenders.  We ended up here by complete accident but had the time of our lives!
4	Just got my first tattoo ever (at 54 1/2) here last night and it was a great experience. Everyone was very nice, friendly, and encouraging. I have wanted a tattoo for a long time, but have been scared of the pain, etc. It really wasn't that bad---in fact, I'm already thinking of a second, more elaborate one. I clicked with Billy, my tattoo artist, and my instincts paid off. Yes, I know I could have got it cheaper elsewhere, but I researched this and found this shop and its artists to be highly respected and very, very clean. After visiting the shop, I had time to think about it (was heading to see Love)--I came back because I felt good about the shop and Billy. My 3 pals and I bypassed the cover charge, got stamped, and got free beer, wine, or well drinks (I didn't find anything watered down as some reported), got to hang out at a cool place, and I even got complimented by 2 cute 'much younger than I' guys. I left King Ink a happy woman.
4	While we were wandering around the Mirage, we dropped in King Ink. Again, the lure of the wristbands. Some guy was in there doing illusionist tricks but since I'd seen Mac King earlier that day, I just KNEW no one could top that. So I browsed the racks of the body art set and eventually made a tiny little purchase. Not body art, just a sleeve. It's cute!  Looks like real tatoos. I'd return. Everybody in there was super nice to me. I guess because I had a lot of skin showing and no actual body art on it. Mara G. said they saw me as some kind of blank canvas just waiting to be inked. I'm a fan.
2	I was in Las Vegas last week and we were going to Jet and I guy yells out "Open Bar all Night at King Ink" he gave us a wrist band and sent us on our way we figure we could drink there and then go to Jet. Well 1st they said $10 cover for females and $20 for guys then they tried saying $20 for both of us. I told them no the bouncer just told us 10 and 20. We get in there and they are blocking off all the seating and taking all the bar stools so there is nowhere for anyone to sit. Of course the open bar only consists of well drinks which is normal so that was ok. Being in stilletto heals, kinda wanted to sit so we went outside which again half the outside was blocked off and very little seating. They did have little space warmers which were nice beause it was really cold out. We kind of felt cheated and looking around it seemed everyone else did too. It was basically a glorified tatoo parlor. It seemed like they wanted people to leave just to get their money through the cover charge. We decided to drink up and take advantage of the open bar. After a while of being in there it did get a little better music got a little more fun. I must have had a few more drinks.If you want some real fun head over to JET!!!!
2	Got a tattoo at King Ink after four different people approached me asking if I was interested in one (I decided on my own time and accord that I did want to get one I'd been thinking about for years). The artist, Junior, assured me that he was a quick tattoo artist so I shouldn't worry about the pain. He was right, the whole thing (Let it Be on my left wrist) took about 30 minutes, but after it healed I realized that he may have stopped paying attention after the first two letters. Despite the fact that the artist discussed how careful he was going to be about putting the letters too close together, the second & third letter look almost smushed together, the 3rd 4th and 5th letters have some crooked lines and the "B" isn't even filled in completely! Come on guys, get your act together...I was charged $250 for a half-assed tattoo at a somewhat reputable location.I called the shop to see if they'd provide a voucher or reimburse me for another artist to fix it, but they don't do anything of the sort and told me to stop by next time I'm in Vegas. That was my first trip and I imagine I won't be back for a few years. Awesome.
2	My girlfriends and I, like many others, were lured in by the promise of an open bar until midnight, so this review is for the establishment as a night life spot - NOT for tattoos.PROS: Yes we got free drinks. I don't care if its cheap alcohol, they were free, so that rules. We were able to get our mass alcohol on here before heading over to JET for some booty shaking.  Friendly and relaxed environment. Strangers can mingle with made it ideal for my single girlfriends looking to meet some guys. We ended up coming here two nights in a row, once before heading to JET and the second night as a night-ender after being at another hotel. We met a big group of English guys and were able to A. hear them talk, B. dance a little bit on the patio and C. have easy access to drinks. Perfect mix that resulted in the late night make out session for my single sistas!Waitresses. They ruled. Lots of hot tattooed chicks who were REALLY interacting with people, dancing and laughing with patrons, etc. CONS:I didn't realize there was a $10 cover for ladies that went along with the open bar. Lame. I was caught by surprise by that. Because of that, we felt pressure to get as many drinks in before heading to JET as we could, which technically isn't a horrible problem to have in Vegas. Space. Small inside, small patio. You really did have to protect your spot to sit or people would push their way to take it. "Diverse" clientele. This place ain't exclusive. Lots of unattractive people here, but some attractive people. But more unattractive than attractive.
2	Approached by a nice girl on the street so we decided to give it chance. Open bar for ladies and even after tipping for free drinks they were still made with mostly filler. Tiny rooms, really hard to get to the bar inside or out. The DJ played decent music. Not planning on going back, but the bartender was adorable.
3	My girlfriend and I were gambling at MGM, and some promoters from King Ink invitied us to an open bar at the MIRAGE. Open Bar- Im always in! So we drove over to Mirage, to check it out. We got inside and there was really good music playing, and to the left a full stocked bar. It was great- except only well drinks were free and every several vodk cranberries I was not even buzzed.We went outside and there was tons of couches and seating. We hung out there probably for 30 - 40 minutes. It was not really my scene, I prefer casual low key bars, but we had a decent time and only spent a couple dollars tipping for our drinks.
4	After being treated horribly at Jet with bottle service, some of us left to go across the way to King Ink. The guards here were super nice, service was good, music was bangin' and there were drink specials all night. Bartenders were sweet too!! Free drinks all night and danced the night away. Granted the place isn't that big, but it was pretty nice and had a nice outdoor area. There was seating around the place too which was nice..
5	Great management. Good drinks. GREAT crowd (nice but more casual- duh, tattoos are great here!). I'd love to go back next time in town.
2	While on the strip looking for a place to drink we were approached and said there is a cover ($20), but drinks are free.  We thought, why not?  We were there pretty early, so it wasn't that packed until later in the night.  This place is relatively small (even when it isn't busy) and the free drinks didn't have much alcohol in them.  That was disappointing. Although since we were pretty sloshed anyway, we considered getting a tattoo here.  Luckily one of us had some rational sense and left before getting inked.  All of the designs we had picked out were whims anyway.
4	Cool place, has a dark atmosphere. Good music. Will return!
1	Fail.  Total fail.  The only reason I am even giving it a star at all is because the one doorman was so cool.  This was the worst place we went to on our entire trip.
3	The good:The atmosphere and decor are cool - typical Vegas lounge style.They have a patio.Music is usually cool.Bartenders are friendly.If you're there early (come on, people, I have a baby at home!), there's no cover and no line.If you're there later, they do open bar for well drinks.You might see somebody getting an extremely overpriced tattoo, which is kinda cool to watch.The bad:This is really just a cool little lounge attached to a tattoo parlor, but for some reason, they are trying to make it into a club.The unknown:I've never gotten a tattoo there, so I can't comment on their workmanship or prices, but some of the people I've seen coming out have some cool looking tats.
3	I give this venue 1 star and the staff 5 stars so that works out to an average of 3 stars =).  I'm a casual guy and dont like the snotty Vegas clubs where they look for any reason not to let a guy in. Most vegas clubs  force the guys to wear boring plain tucked in collared shirts and other such nonsense. I came here dressed in nice, clean casual clothing. When I got here they were really nice. The bouncer was friendly and joked around. When I came in the bartenders were doing all sorts of tricks and were very outgoing. The girls working there were dancing and making the place exciting. The problem is that the place is essentially just a store. Its not a club its a small tattoo shop so I got kind of  confused as to why I was in a tattoo shop partying. I rather go to a bigger club but I wish the staff at all Vegas clubs were this friendly and outgoing.
3	The music here is AWESOME on some nights, but crappy on other nights.  We had a great server for our bottle service.  We got a table outside and it was perfect for the weather.   Ladies - some nights they have an open bar, which can be a good deal if you want to pre-party.
1	Once upon a time, bartenders knew how to make drinks....My friends and I were going into the Mirage to see "LOVE" and were approached by a promoter of the little lounge "King Ink" which is right near the entrance.  We were told "free entry for girls and guys + open bar until 12am".  Although skeptical of the "free entry" part, we decided to hit it up after our show.  Of course, "free entry" turned into "reduced entry" for everyone.  We still went in... Too bad there were only 2 bartenders in the entire place, and on top of that, one was doing "tricks" half the time (ie, throwing a bottle up, and catching it--wooooo).  Now, although the lack of staff was in play, that still didn't make my final judgement of the place.  The drinks had no alcohol.  Thank you for the cranberry juice.  So basically "open bar" means free cranberry juice, or tonic, or whatever you prefer (as long as it's not alcohol). The place is pretty small, being that it is a lounge, and kind of weird that it's attached to the tattoo removal place and has jewelry that is for sale in display cases around the place (which would I guess make it kind of cool in a different way...), if not for the other factors we faced.  Like I said,  it's little too small and packed to be a chill lounge or to be super fun, in my opinion. Plus, "open bar" or not, it gets annoying waiting at the bar for a million years for a lousy virgin beverage because only 2 people are manning the bar.IN CONCLUSION:  This place pulled the classic "bait and switch"...promised free entry and an open bar...but when we get to the place it's 1) reduced entry cover  2) open bar--BUT, sorry we only have 2 bartenders for a busy ass lounge that take their time doing strange tricks and PS you are not getting alcohol with your "open bar"--nice try.  PASS!
3	It was in our hotel, and we didn't want to go far to dance the night away, so here we are.. They offered us "free" cover, which wound up costing $10 each, which thankfully came with 1 drink each, at least. The DJ played some fun top 40 type songs, the area was pretty fun with a nice outdoor area to sit. There is a tattoo parlor next-door and they let us go inside and watch everybody getting their tattoos, which seemed a little unsanitary now that I think about it. But anyways, that was a fun night and we all had an enjoyable time because we got to shake our booties around a bit and not go too far from our room!
4	This place is awesome. Without getting suckered in by a promoter, I got reduced cover, a free drink (and a strong one at that!), and an open bar from 2AM.Having a small budget for a night of drunken dancing and debauchery, I was trying to research which lounges and clubs were the best for my buck on a Saturday night. Now, of course, $120 for two people clubbing in Vegas is not a lot if you have a high booze tolerance like myself. We opted to skip places like TAO and 1OAK (which is also in the Mirage) and moseyed over to King Ink. Now, I had never been here before, nor did I really know what I was getting myself into. Still, from the outside, the place looked pretty hip though a little small and the bouncer was extremely friendly. We walk up to pay our cover and I'm expecting at least $20 to $30 a person seeing as it's Vegas on a Saturday night, but the girls at the counter gave me and my girlfriend VIP cover with no frills, meaning only $10 per cover and free drink tickets! I was pretty stoked considering Vegas drinks are usually at least $14 a pop. So we get inside, the DJ is bumpin', there are girls dancing on Go-Go platforms, and the bartenders are whipping around bottles like "special" body parts at an Inebriated Hot Chick convention. Skeptical about my free drink, I saunter up to the bar thinking I'm going to be awarded with some lukewarm Bud Lights, but the bartender takes my order as normal and does some crazy flair witch magic with his hands and the booze. Now, maybe the bartender was into us and got a little carried away showing off to my friend, but I doubt it considering the place was filled with some pretty good-looking ladies. Still, my whiskey sour and my lady's vodka-cran were STRONG! And with someone who doesn't get drunk often anymore because of my high tolerance, that's totally cool with me. We danced a bit, went outside to the very spacious and comfortable patio (there are a bunch of heat lamps, couches, and tables around), but we didn't stay for the open bar at 2 AM because we had to leave the next morning.All in all, I would go here again. The atmosphere was great, the drinks were strong, and the price was super reasonable!
4	GREAT for piercings! It's quite pricey though, 80$ for one piercing, but worth it. These guys know what they're doing, they even had degrees in piercing. Everything was extremely clean, they used needles instead of piercing guns. Also, everyone was extremely friendly and genuinely cool! If you're willing to drop money on a good piercing, I definitely recommend this place!
5	Place rocks! Great artist great vibe! its a must come check it out!! Tattoos, piercings bar and lounge!!
1	I got a tattoo at king ink by an artist named junior and my tattoo healed terrible leaving scars due to him rushing threw the tattoo. I paid $800 dollars for a tattoo that was done basically in 20 min. junior takes no pride in his work. I can't believe an artist like Mario Barth would hire such an unprofessional person like junior. on top of everything he smelled really bad and was trying to hit on me knowing I'm a married woman. please stay away from king ink if you don't want a bad over priced tattoo that's done by unprofessional artist.
5	Great artist, fun vibe and something different to do in Vegas. You can get a tattoo inside a night club where else can you do that. They have an outdoor patio which is rare in Vegas. Bartenders and tattoo artist were very friendly and took their time with us to pick out and design the perfect tattoo. Love the place will def make it a regular stop.
4	Great club. Music was excellent.  Although no one was on the dance floor... :/ lol....came here for a girls night out and we had a great time. Enjoyed the free drinks, great music and company.  Would love to come back and visit the tattoo shop...maybe add to my future ink jobs!
5	BEST TATTOO SHOP IN VEGAS! Located inside the Mirage & it includes a BAR! It is completely gorgeous. Offers a great outside patio, along with dozens of flat screens and good music. The shop turns into a night club including a DJ, & I know for early birds they offer OPEN BAR. My favorite bartender is Ray, always cool & makes great drinks. Tim the piercer is very gentle & great at what he does. Check it out, you wont be disappointed!
2	was suckered in by the "free entry" from the guy I'm the strip, and since it was my sisters birthday I went where she went. Walk into the hotel and its to the right, arrive to find out thats its reduced entry fee. Reluctantly pay since my sis wants to go in and its completely empty inside....the decor was nice & the music was good but the scene was dead. Outside there was a mix of older Filipinos like mom & dad old, some hoochie mamas and lots of douchebags. I kept tipping the bartender since I had the drink wrist band so he was nice but it was just a boring spot, sat on the couches watching the music videos.
2	This place was ok. Drinks were alright but I went to possibly get a tiny weeny tattoo. They said even if they just put a dot on my hand it would be $200! Crazy!!!!!!!!!!!! And so so so not worth it. They would prob do more business if they lowered their prices.
5	I am rating the tattoo parlor, not the bar!!  Did not even buy a drink here, only got a tattoo.My artist was Sado, excellent artist and very good at what he does.  He was very patient with me and made the multiple changes to the design no matter how minor or nit picking I was being.  He took his time and explained everything to me before we started.  If I am in Vegas and in need of another one, I will definetely go back.As for the price, yes it is a little high, but so are most things in Vegas.  You can make an appointment if you want, but they seemed pretty open when I went in, 10:30pm on a Saturday night.  Have fun!!
