5	I was lucky to receive a cook's tour at feeding hour (actually feeding is most of the day but not at night for the upcoming baby bird rescue season).  Feeding of raptors is not for the meek (some eat chicken but most prefer dead mice, guinea pigs and quail when available).  I saw the smallest owl (screech) to the larger owl  (barn) plus the smallest hawk (kestrel) to the larger hawk (red tailed) to a very large golden eagle.  The absolute treat was to watch Miss Liberty, a wing damaged Bald Eagle, up close but at a respectable distance.  Liberty Wildlife has been rescuing birds of prey for over twenty years and tries to release as many as possible back into the wild.  Liberty Wildlife has plans to move to larger facilities at the Phoenix Zoo where it can take care of more birds plus other critters and reptiles.  I urge yelpers to help out any way they can.  See www.libertywildlife.org for info.
5	Saturday, while setting up for an Easter brunch, I discovered a bird with a broken wing trying desperately to get out of my backyard. A call to the humane society rescue hotline (they only do dogs and cats and the like) got me redirected to Liberty Wildlife Rehabilitation Foundation: a voicemail answered by volunteers whose outgoing message promises to call back as soon as possible, typically within 30 minutes. I left a message and then anxiously called back a few hours later after not getting a response. The second call was quickly returned and I was informed that while they do not typically send out rescue volunteers for smaller birds (only the big guys like owls, etc.), if I could capture and transport the bird to their sanctuary, someone would be there until 7 p.m. to accept him and begin to nurse him back to health -- even on Easter Sunday.The little guy was speedy! Together, a few of my Easter guests and I were able to corner him and get him in a box for transport to Liberty Wildlife Rehabilitation Foundation.Indeed, the young girls greeted me and enthusiastically took the little guy, trading me for an intake form which collected my contact information and the closest major intersection to where the bird had been found. No money. Just information. I left a modest donation in gratitude and was able to return home feeling happy to know the bird would have his own resurrection of sorts!
5	For my 400th review I present to you my favorite volunteer place in all my experience working with animals.  We are lucky to have a wildlife center like Liberty Wildlife for all they do for wildlife as small as a 1 inch newly hatched quail to large California Condors with wingspans as big as I am.  When I was a kid we probably took a stray orphan bird or two here, dropping them off and hoping for the best.  It wasn't until I graduated from undergrad that I heard about Liberty Wildlife again.  From education, to medical services, to outreach, and release back into the wild, almost every aspect of wildlife rehabilitation is covered at Liberty Wildlife.  At the core of the foundation is an extensive network of volunteers and dedicated staff.  As a non-profit, they rely on the help of said volunteers and donations from the public.  In general, it's truly amazing to rescue a bird that has been on the brink of death and rehabilitate it so that it can be released back into the wild.  It is also truly amazing to see a non-releasable bird be taken "under the wing" at the center to be trained/tamed as an education bird.  Such examples are Frodo the burrowing owl (simply adorable!) and Liberty the bald eagle.  I am truly lucky to be a part of this wonderful organization.
5	I LOVE this place so much. I have been volunteering for Liberty for 2 months now. If you are looking for a place to volunteer and get closer to wildlife this is it. I had no experience working with animals before volunteering at Liberty. They taught me everything I needed to know about working with raptors and other birds. The shelter rehabilitates hawks, falcons, eagles, owls, and many other native AZ birds. They have a window up front where they will accept injured birds, and you can call them if you find an injured bird in the wild. They also do educational presentations and bring birds with them! I would highly recommend booking them for an assembly or meeting if you want to learn more about wildlife.Liberty is a great resource if you find an injured bird or if you are looking for a place to volunteer!
5	Adding to the awesomeness of Liberty Wildlife is the fact that they are one of the few facilities in the U.S. that rehabilitate the very endangered California Condor (There are only about 400 of them left! We currently are rehabbing 2).  This awesomeness is compounded by a grant giving them the ability to test and treat any raptors that come in for lead poisoning, which will add valuable research and data for current and future populations of these majestic birds. Nothing's quite as cool as holding a condor that's roughly the same size as you while it's being treated and rehabbed so that it can be released back into the wild!
5	We found a baby bird that needed rescuing in my backyard. I tried calling them on the phone but apparently the volunteers are very busy with the birds. Very nice people. They were quick to take care of the baby bird. I made a donation of $200 which I thought was cheap for the luxury of taking the baby bird off my hands and knowing it will be well taken care of. The ladies there were so nice and it was obvious they don't receive a lot of donations. I will be sure to keep them on my Christmas list. Seems like a charity like this deserves more local support.Baby bird is happy. Wife is happy. And I am no longer in trouble for having the trees trimmed. Thank you liberty.
5	Quick  & easy drop off. Easy to find too. I was in & out in 5 minutes. Very nice & caring volunteers there.
5	Excellent people! Very caring. Grackle nestling in my backyard, couldn't get up.  I have dogs, cats, and a pool, so it is a death trap for baby birds. Happily, I drove him up to Liberty and they took him in right away.  They also guaranteed that they would help to get him strong and able to live on his own.So thankful for this place and the people there!
