5	I love taking my dogs here, they get so much love and great exercise and socialization!The employees are very attentive, making sure to let me know if one of my dogs seems to be not really enjoying doggy daycare, so I can decide whether to leave them home or not. They also take the time to get to know your dogs, they remember their names, and the groomers are great at giving baths and listening to special requests.One of the greatest parts about this doggy daycare service is that they have a webcam so that you can watch your dogs online while they play!I also like that they have a service that comes in and teaches obedience classes, the space is great and convenient.
3	It was ok
5	I have to say it was pretty dang neat to see my puppy running around at doggy day care all day.  It was a total concern for me as a new puppy owner to leave pup at a day care for dogs while traveling for work.  It was amazing, they take them in and make sure that they are well attended to, yes there are a lot of doggies and they are all happy.  Of all the competitors in this sprawling area, it was close to where I was on site for my traveling work and was able to get her right away for pick up.  I loved that she had a report card and picture, was just so cute and made me feel like a good customer taking their pups there.  Hoping to bring her back there since she loved and well they loved her too!
5	Rescued a dog and returned to Happy Dogz for daycare as she has more energy than dog #1.  I explained to the staffer that I used to bring dog #1 but he seemed like he out grew it, I was astounded when staffer, two years after the fact, remembered dog #1 - name, breed and everything!  This is the third dog I've brought to Happy Dogz.  (The original one would sleep for 2 days after a day at Happy Dogz! He has since passed on, sniff).  Dog #1 liked daycare when he was a pup but kind of grew out of it as an adult.  Happy Dogz cares so much about your pet that they will actually tell you if they don't seem to be having a good time, basically telling you not to spend your money! What other business does that? It shows that they are truly invested in your dog being HAPPY, not just taking your money! Excited to see how much dog #2 enjoys it!
