3	If your getting a train from Waverley or Haymarket which goes to anywhere in Scotland, the likelihood is that it will be a Scot Rail train that you will be one. Yes, Scot Rail dominates the Rail landscape n Scotland. From Fife to Caithness, Scot Rail will take you most places. The trains themselves are not as fancy as Virgin or East Coast Line trains, but they do the job. The seats are mostly comfy, some more leg room would be nice though. I have never travelled in First Class on Scot Rail, but it does not look that much better, apart from the obvious peace and quiet you will get. However, for fans of First Class, a lot of services don't have it. The one criticism I have of Scot Rail is that they don't run a lot of services late on night between cities. The last train from Edinburgh to Dundee leaves around half past eleven. Apart from that, I can safely say that Scot Rail has become a pillar of public transportation.
4	Moaning about public transport is part and parcel of British life, but after enduring several months of wallet-busting misery at the hands of Scotrail on my commute, things seem to have taken a (perhaps temporary) step upwards.Punctuality seems to have improved and with full six-carriage trains now regularly in use, there's a slim but believable chance of bagging a seat. Most shockingly of all, I've actually noticed some manners and friendliness coming from the conductors. There are one or two, who in the style of Victorian legend Joseph Merrick,  genuinely don't seem to hate the entire world despite being dealt one of life's worst possible hands. They're not quite dancing up the aisles in their safety shoes, but it's a start.There are few simpler pleasures than a good mag from WH Smith, a table, and a quiet, comfortable train. You won't get that all the time, but more often than you used to..
3	Scot Rail itself is convenient and efficient, but the Waverly Train Station spot here is confusing because of all of the ongoing construction and awkward layout.  Go up to go down. Go left get right.  It's all upside down and inside out.There are several trains coming in and out of this station within an hour and I found that Scot Rail's flexible tickets worked well with our day trip to Glasgow from Edinburgh.  The seats were comfy and the ride was smooth and quick.  It does get crowded, so be prepared for that.  Still, I think it's the best way to get from Edinburgh to Glasgow and back, even if getting on the train at Waverly Station will drive you batty to begin with.
4	I am currently writing this review from the train from Edinburgh to Glasgow. Why's that? Because Scotrail have recently introduced free wifi on their East Coast service. Oh yeah! The reception on the Edinburgh - Glasgow line is pretty bad. Never try hold a phone conversation on the journey. 3G cuts out a lot too. But now with free wifi the 50 minute journey doesn't seem so bad.I know Scotrail have a few bad points. They don't put on enough carriages at peak hours, during any snowfall they collapse in a puddle of panic. The staff on the trains can sometimes be very surly (but sometimes very lovely). And during the August Festival Season, the Glasgow - Edinburgh train is just unbearably busy.But they have trains from Glasgow - Edinburgh (and vice versa) every 15 minutes. They have a train to Aberdeen every hour. And they do a pretty good job of connecting most of Scotland (albeit getting to Perth from Edinburgh is a nightmare, and hardly has any frequent trains, despite that Perth is the 'centre' of Scotland when it comes to rail travel, with the most frequent trains to the Highlands in Inverness).The trains on the East Coast line are nice and new and clean too. And the trolley service from Glagsow to Edinburgh is appreciated.I'd say given the West Coast lines I've experienced, the East Coast lines are nice and I have noticed some improvements in the last year - this wifi being a big bonus. Kudos Scotrail.
3	Can't tell you my disappointment at the poor wifi that Scotrail made a big thing of when they introduced it on the Edinburgh to Glasgow shuttle. Hurrah, I thought, at least i can now do lots of work on the 45 minute journey and send emails (or more likely, read Twitter and Facebook!).But nah! In the whole three-quarters of an hour, I could barely even detect a signal and the one time it did find it and connect, it dropped out after about 30 seconds.Maybe I was just on an old train or a bad one or in the wrong carriage because I know some people have enjoyed wifi but not for me. It would be interesting to know if other people have found the "sweet spot" on trains ...That said, I'd still rather commute to Glasgow in comfort on a train rather than a megabus!
4	Connecting Scotland...Watch out, no booze on game days...Usually on time.
3	Good option for traveling around Scotland. Had heard many good things but faced some disappointment. While traveling from Edinburgh to Thurso our train was delayed in the middle of nowhere for about two hours because another train hit a deer further down the line. We for sure missed our connection at Inverness.We were told we would be put on a taxi or bus straight away to get us to Thurso. We arrived at Inverness and waited for ANOTHER TWO HOURS! Some woman who seemed to be completely clueless kept saying "a bus is coming, a bus is coming." A bus NEVER came. It was about 10pm at this point. Someone finally had to bright idea to get a taxi for the four passengers going to Thurso. We finally got to Thurso via taxi!I am pleased with the fact that they paid a taxi to get us to our destination but I am not pleased with how long it took considering they knew about this delay well in advance. Other than this everything was decent.
1	In general okay. We ride the train regularly throughout the year and have experienced nice carriages as well as pretty horrendous conditions.  During the day the train is ok but in the evening, especially the weekends, absolutely awful. My daughter had to use the toilet and the one toilet on the entire train was the most disgusting mess I have ever seen. I felt traumatised after what I saw and couldn't even let my daughter use it. For the price we are paying these things shouldn't happen. When I compare the prices of the train to other countries in Europe I just feel like I'm getting ripped off. Especially when the train is overcrowded and the bathroom isn't even usable. It's a shame because I love trains and it is my preferred way to travel. Wish Scot Rail would clean up and add more carriages to their evening routes.
