5	As a long-term patron of Madison's Indian restaurants (Taste of India, Maharani, Maharaja, and Campus Biryani, so far), and as a former waitress at an Indian restaurant, I'm confident in saying that Flavor of India has some of the best North Indian food in the city.  Its menu is comparable in price and selection to most other Indian restaurants in Madison.  However, it has a few things that set it head and shoulders above other locations: decor, service, and a dinner buffet.The walls are painted in rich hues, a welcome pick-me-up on blustery gray days filled with stinging rain and wind.  Even the ceiling is decorated in beautiful tapestries, preventing any grating effects of overhead lighting, while still allowing for the space to be bright and cheerful.  The service was excellent: prompt, helpful, attentive, and friendly.  They even gave my party complimentary papadam with tamarind sauce and mint and tomato chutneys!  The dinner buffet is a rare find in Indian restaurants, and at $12.95, it's quite reasonably priced.  It also features a number of dishes not listed on the regular menu, and many are vegetarian.  There's also a selection of several desserts.For dinner last night, my companion and I chose to order samosas (flaky crust and well-seasoned contents perfectly accented by the mint chutney - $2.95), onion and black pepper kulcha (stuffed with sauteed onions, warm and fluffy - $2.95), and a shared entree of chicken tikka masala (rich, thick medium-spicy sauce in a vibrant orange shade, with perfectly-cooked moist chunks of chicken, unlike the sometimes-rubbery overdone chicken I've experienced elsewhere - $12.95, with complimentary rice, par for the course in Madison).  For drinks, my companion had a mango lassi (sweet and creamy, with beautiful presentation heretofore only seen at Taste of India), and I enjoyed a Taj Mahal (22-ounce Indian beer).  I had to stop my companion from licking the chicken tikka masala serving bowl.  This was more than enough food for two people, and we could hardly move after dinner.  Entrees are easily shared between two people.  Spice levels are adjusted for Midwestern taste buds, so be sure to stress a high spiciness level if that's your intent.
5	I had an excellent experience at Flavor of India last night.  The service was fast and polite, the samosas tasted homemade, the prices were exceedingly reasonable, and the food very tasty.  I had the chicken tikka masala - some of the best I've had ever.  My dining companion had the chicken shahikorma.  He was swayed by the cashews in cream sauce.  His dish was delicious, but we both agreed that mine was better.  The nan was perfect.  We were so stuffed from the shared samosas, our entrees, and nan that we had to forgo dessert.  I look forward to returning to Flavor of India very soon.
5	I'm well acquainted with every Indian restaurant in Madison, and this is the best hands-down. I sampled the vegetarian sampler appetizer, two vegetarian entrees, naan and mango lassi, and everything was excellently prepared. The fried vegetarian appetizer wasn't too greasy and had incredible flavor, the mango lassi the way it's supposed to be (thick and rich), and both the entrees were perfect. Flavor of India is a perfect compliment to the capitol square, however a bit hidden. I highly recommend it.
5	My mom, aunt and I go here pretty much every time we head to Madison.  We try to vary our orders to make our way through the menu, but the chicken tikka masala never fails to be amazing.  A few weeks ago we did a take-away order and sat at the Concert on the Square with our dinners, I can't wait until next summer to do it again.  I also am dying to get up there during the day to try their lunch buffet.The only thing I don't understand is that every time we're there we're usually one of only a few people in the dining room.  Madison eaters, go here!
4	wonderful lunch spot. the buffet was about 2/3 vegetarian, with some unusual offerings like mushrooms and turnips, along with channa masala, vegetable pakoras, some potato balls, and vegetable biryani. all the entrees were tasty and hot, but i wish there was a little more fruit and salad, because one plate of the delicious but oily foods did me in (and i almost ALWAYS go back for seconds!!). the chutneys - tamarind, mint, and onion - were mostly unremarkable, the onion was a little strong. but this was better than any Indian food i've had in quite awhile, and i appreciated the abundance of vegetarian dishes.
5	This place is fantastic! I was a little skeptical at first; I am one who tends to veer away from buffets.. but oh so delicious. Came in for a Saturday lunch and the place seemed to be full of regulars. Our waiter sat us, asked if we wanted anything other than water, and pointed to the back of the restaurant, where a buffet is set up against the back wall. There was salad, dessert, chutney, raita, naan, samosas, veggie pakoras, and about 12 kinds of curry. I'm not entirely sure what I tried.. I know I got some goat curry, channa masala, chicken tikka, mutter paneer... a little of everything really. Everything was so delicious.. probably some of the tastiest Indian food I've ever had. I am craving it right now! $8.95 buys you a lunch buffet.. 10% off with student ID!(Also, save room for the mango ice cream.. mmmmm perfect ending!)
4	All of the other reviews are correct- the food here is awesome.  Minus one star, though, for the decor.  It was much prettier when it was the bar.  Ah, well..
5	I am from Seattle, and happened to be in Madison for the weekend.  I am a big fan of Indian food and was wondering if Madison had any good places to go.  I used Yelp to find this place, and decided, what the heck, I'll try it out.The food here rivaled the better places I've been in Seattle.  It's not the best place I've been to, but it was definitely good, and I would go back.  I had the Chicken Tandoori Saag, hot.  They didn't skimp on the heat, which I appreciated, and the chicken was cooked well.  I would have liked the Saag to have a little more spinach, but it was good nonetheless.I also had garlic naan, which I'm moderately obsessed with.  It was good.Overall a good meal.  I can't comment on whether or not it was pricey.  It was about the same price as Indian food in Seattle, but I'm not sure if food is normally cheaper in Madison or not.
4	Coming from California (and formally managing an Indian restaurant there) I have high expectations when it comes to Indian food and Flavor of India lived up to it. I went to there buffet and my only complaint was that it was far too mild. Don't get me wrong the food was very flavorfull but I'd like to see more heat. I wish I had enough time in Madison to go there for dinner there menu is vast and I hear from my friends its spicier too. The only weird thing is they have beef curries, San Francisco doesn't have that.
5	I avoided this place for like two years because of the giant "STUDENT ID DISCOUNT" sign in the window, which I generally consider a bad sign--more fool I.When my partner and I finally tried them, we were blown away.  They will make things super spicy if you ask them to (as my partner prefers), but they also make things appropriately mild if requested (I'm wimpy).  Their saag is delicious (one of my favorites), as is their chicken tandoori kebab, although I have to be careful with the latter because I think there's something in the marinade that disagrees with me--it's hard to say for sure because every time I eat it, I make a complete pig of myself.  Anyway, the naan is also good (various varieties--we like the spinach stuffed) and my partner LOVES their biryani.They deliver via Straight2YourDoor, but if you don't want to pay the fee, they also do take-out.  Since they're right on the square, you don't even really need to live nearby as long as you have transportation of some kind, including a direct bus route.  And the 10% student discount is good at dinnertime as well as lunch (at lunch, they have a buffet; we've never gone, but it's under $10 a person).I just hope they get a lot of delivery and lunchtime business, because it seems like whenever we go in at dinnertime, the place is more than half empty.  It'd be good for a group--you wouldn't have to worry about seating!  They definitely serve beer and wine; not sure about hard liquor.
3	Some people found the staff here to be rude.  I'd say it was 50/50.  I'd admit to cultural differences, and think maybe they were supposed to ignore me and look down while I'm standing at the host stand to order take-out, but the second person who came along was very pleasant.  Maybe someone just pissed in the first guy's Wheaties that morning.  Maybe he just isn't cut out for customer service.  I ordered take-out.  It came quickly.   They forgot to give me utensils.The food was decent, but even when I ordered "HOT"- it wasn't.   The amount of food was very small, especially considering the price, and that it was Indian food.Over all, I'd say it was OK.  I'm going to try something else next time...
3	Went here for a Sunday lunch with friends and overall was happy with what they had to offer. I always try everything on a buffet (unless I know for sure I won't like it, hehe) so I can say that the buffet is kinda small but does have good dishes. They're Chicken Tikka Masala was SO SO YUMMY! And of course my favorite sweet dough balls, Gulab Jamun was also good. My friends enjoyed the Tandoori Chicken, and Vegetables in a yellow curry sauce. We also very much liked the Naan, even more so when they brought out the Cheese Naan! The one thing all of us detested was the Papadam. It was made from lentils and although we all had a different taste reaction it it (I thought it was spicy and bad, my friend just thought it was gross, another was intrigued but didn't much like it either and could taste that it was made of lentils), we all hated it.Overall, for a quick basic Indian lunch, go for it! $10 per person :) I approve!
4	Quick visit to Madison and we needed something to warm our bones. Found Flavor of India here at Yelp and figure some spice would do the trick.The place had the typical ethnic food vibe going on; quiet with white tablecloths and low lighting. Nothing to write home about, but since it was pretty empty it was just fine.The food was good. I had the shrimp vindaloo and my girlfriend had the chicken curry. My 4 out of 5 spice wasn't very spicy for my tastes, but we all know that depends on the kitchen's hand that night. Overall, I'd give the food 3 1/2 stars. But the service is what won the over to 4 stars.I didn't get his name, but the male waiter we had was excellent. At the end of the night, we asked about local dessert places and he not only recommended several but used his phone to look up the exact addresses. He also told us not to go to Cold Stone b/c it wasn't local, which always wins points for someone in my book. Totally went above and beyond and it was much appreciated from this out-of-town tourist!
4	Surprisingly good. Directly across the street from the capitol building in a nondescript storefront, but the interior is attractive and serene. Food was tasty, large portions, reasonable prices. Service was quite good although I see from the reviews that it has been erratic for others. My only complaint would be that when I asked for "hot" I got the American hot, not Indian "hot".
5	This place is incredible! You know that a college city with 1 out of every 3 students being Indian Asian is going to have a pleasant supply of delicious and affordable Indian food. Went in for the Buffet on a Monday afternoon and was blown away. Plenty of vegetarian options including saag paneer, vegetable korma, mushroom and pea masala, potato samosa, potato pakora, onion pakora, naan, mango ice cream, rice pudding, perfect gulab jamun, carrot halwaa!!!! delicious zucchini and potato dish, and at least 4 chicken/beef curries as well. Everything was perfectly flavored and presented. Absolutely delicious North Indian cuisine, flawlessly executed, very hospitable staff, two decent bathrooms, brand new cushions, nice lighting, just a really good dining atmosphere. Lunch buffet is $8.95 - that is a steal for someone coming from the West coast where they charge $12 for a measly 5 entree buffet. This is deluxe and delish!
4	We went to Flavor of India after a rally in Madison. I do not have Indian food often, so was apprehensive about the flavors and spices. The restaurant had few customers for a Saturday evening, especially since all the other restaurants around the Capitol were packed with protesters. The only downside of our visit was the initial amount of time it took to get service. They seemed short staffed. However, the 2 staff members that were there were very friendly and prompt. We had to flag the server down to place our order.The food was delicious. When we left, I noted that I would come back to Madison just for dinner. I had the vegetable masala. My companion had the lamb masala. We greatly enjoyed these dishes and would highly recommend. We also had a fried cheese appetizer, and we were not as thrilled with that. The potato nan was great as well. Excellent food. Very impressed.
3	I ordered the Matter Paneer and Naan from Straight2YourDoor.com (excellent, speedy, pricey service).  The Matter Paneer had average flavor and spice, but it was lacking in substance.  I had a hard time locating the cheese pieces, and I think that is rather unacceptable for such a high margin dish ($11.99 for peas, curry and cheese).  The naan was tender, but a little flavorless and dry.  Final assessment, average to good, and I won't be rushing to order take out from Flavor of India anytime soon.  I think they could do better.
4	The diverse cuisine from the Indian subcontinent varies heavily by religion and ethnicity.  This place is owned and run by Indian Muslims, so the food is Halal (preparation of the food, but especially meat, is supervised by Imams, usually this means a step cleaner, more humane, than just U.S. Government inspected, but this isn't always true), and they serve beef curries (you won't find this in Hindu establishments, just like you won't find any pork in here).  The minimum critical mass of South Asian customers is in the area thanks to the elite graduate programs of UW-Madison to ensure that any Indian restaurant in this town has to be at least pretty good, and this one is a step up from that.       We first dropped in after a long, cold day of protesting for worker rights, and inexplicably, every other restaurant and bar surrounding the capitol was packed with cold weary protesters, this one was empty, normally a warning sign, but we needed to sit down.  A very helpful Madison police officer (who all seem ridiculously over-educated) recommended the place, but I was a bit leery since he was slim and in good shape, I usually get my better restaurant recommendations from fat cops). What a pleasant surprise, it was dhinchak (wonderful)!      The service was traditionally unhurried, the waiter was friendly and polite, and unlike a lot of South Asian Muslim restaurants, quite nice to my consort (my disobedient and independent gori wife, and chief of staff).  The papadum was hot, fresh, and crisp, served with what seemed to be fresh made chutneys, we enjoyed the shrimp curry, chana dal (chickpeas), and palak paneer (a distant cousin of American creamed spinach), make sure you order an Indian bread with your meal (chapati, paratha, nan, they have a good selection).  A nice basmati rice came with the meal, as it should. They have a wide selection of vegetarian dishes, almost a requirement in Madison.     The decor is pleasant, though uninspired, nicer than the usual casual Indian joints, but not as elegant as more expensive formal Indian restaurants.  Instead of Indian music, they piped in some annoying Muzak-like smooth "jazz," though at a forgivable background volume. Surprising for a Muslim establishment, they have a good selection of wine and beer, some local, some Indian, there really aren't many places in Wisconsin to have wine from India.  Still, I recommend the Indian beer instead.      I highly recommend this restaurant for you firangi types who want to try Indian food, but are leery of the reputed heat of South Indian (Tamil) cuisine, the food here is pretty mild.  Try to eat the food like we do, with your right hand, it tastes better that way.  If you're a Desi bhai who likes your food spicy, know that I wasn't successful in getting them to make my food nice and hot, but in general I've found that Northern Indian Muslim cooking isn't relatively spicy, the food here is quite flavorful, it's not bland, it's just not hot enough.  I did get the waiter to bring me a "hot sauce," a red chillies paste which did have a little bite to it.  Finish your meal with a sweet Indian desert, like galub jamun and masala tea (chai), and don't expect the waiter to come running up with the bill, they employ Indo-Pakistani manners and expect you to relax after eating.  They're pretty attentive though, so they will bring you your check when you signal for it.
2	Try to avoid if buffet hours are almost over. Waiter was annoyed we came in 25 minutes before lunch close. Felt so unwelcome that I'll try not to go back. Food was ok, but nothing any more memorable than other Indian buffets in the city - there's several good ones.
4	Very good Indian food for very reasonable prices, especially when you consider that it is right on Capitol Square.  You can even get a discount with a student ID!I got the vegetable korma, which was fantastic.  Sadly, there was no lamb korma, but that is okay.  Flatbread was good, especially the potato stuffed one.  We got complimentary soup, which was nice.  Service was very attentive.  Not a ton to say, otherwise.
4	The food was good!  It was very quiet and we had a nice double date.  The server was friendly and wasn't afraid to take an extra minute to talk to us.  It is a nice relaxing place for an evening meal.
4	Authentic Indian food. Very flavorful, reasonable portions. Very fair price value by NYC standards. Slightly above prices of other student venues nearby.
4	I've only gone for the lunch buffet - which is wonderful. I love their naan so much - spinach, plain, I don't care. Service at lunch is great - with plates being removed within seconds of going for round two - all for under $10/person.
1	I've never written a bad review on Yelp because usually I don't think it's worth it but I have to stand up and say that my partner and I had a horrible experience here.I was over a year ago (maybe even two now) but we went in for an early dinner there.   We had eaten there two other times and had pretty good experiences there.  He's a celiac so it's nice to find places where he can eat almost everything.We were eating our meal, the waiter was nice and we were the only ones there.  When all of a sudden ... there was MOLD in the food.He had one of the curries and when he took a bit he made a terrible face and spit it out.  Sure enough, there was a speck of mold in his food.Basically, they reheated the thing over and over again and he was left with "a dusty" taste in his mouth.Absolutely gross.  I haven't even gone to an Indian food joint since because of this.I'm very positive about places and worked in a restaurant for years but when I saw this on top restaurants in Madison on Yelp, I had to speak out.
5	Some of the best Indian buffet food I've had, great variety, full-flavor, depth and freshness. Naan and rice were not dried out, the gulab jamun was still soft and milky, not dried out and hard. The sauces were very rich and more flavorful, not-watered down- than what I would get at any Minneapolis Indian buffet. Great vegetarian selection. The only thing I would like to see is if they made fresh pickles, the ones they had out were pretty oil-soaked, probably not crunchy. I wish this place was closer.
3	Four stars for food, two stars for service. It was fairly empty when I went there and it took the waiter forever to come get my order. I had plenty of time to look at the menu and ordered my food and drink at the same time.The food came out fairly quickly. I got the Chana Marsala. It was well made, pretty spicy and interestingly had veggies in it. A nice touch. The naan was overdone. It was fairly crispy and had obviously spent too much time in the oven.The service was horrible. Didnt see my waiter after he delivered my food. Had to hunt down a different server for a refill on my Pepsi and I had to find somebody else to bring my check and take my money.I would probably go back again, in hopes that I get better service. However the food is highly recommended.
4	I've tried the lunch buffet at two Indian restaurants in Madison, and I prefer Flavor of India. I don't claim to know Indian food well, but the flavors here just seemed a little better, although Maharani has more choices.
4	This was my first Indian experience in Madison, and honestly, I wasn't expecting much.However, we were pleasantly surprised by their lunch buffet, which was a steal at ~$10. Their food wasn't the freshest, but that's to be expected from most buffet places. Their selection of food was decent, from samosas to chicken masala, from garlic naan to potato vindaloo, from saag paneer to rice pudding. The waitress also made sure we never went thirsty, immediately filling up our cups the moment someone took a drink. It was actually kinda disconcerting, but meh.
