4	First off, the place is actually named "North Scottsdale Nursery & Cactus." Yelp, you're just wrong. Anyway, it's exactly what you'd expect from a place with such a name. Don't you just love stores that are named what they sell?Their service is friendly and their cacti are pretty nice. Best part of this place -- their two nursery cats Fluffy and Dodger.
4	Very nice place, cute shopping district, and generally good people - worth the drive up Scottsdale Road to check out some unique cacti.
4	It's kinda cool to go to a nursery in another part of the US...we live in Sacramento, so the nurseries here definitely have different plants for our different climate. That, of course, makes sense, right? We stopped in the fine establishment, because it's fun to look around nurseries (I think so, anyway), and we had passed it several times going back and forth from our relatives' home in North Scottsdale. I have to say, I love the landscape of this area, and love all the different succulents and cacti offered. Plus, being here in March after all the rain/snow that occurred the weeks before our visit, it caused the local and nursery plants to bloom beautifully. Anyway, couldn't buy anything, since taking a cactus on a plane back to Sacramento probably would have been frowned upon. Only bummer is that I didn't see the kitties that Neal D. yelped about :( I love kitties! But that didn't take away from what a great nursery this is...
4	Well, Yelp fixed the name, so I don't have that complaint anymore.  So, NSNC--it is exactly what you'd expect from a place with such a name. Don't you just love stores that are named what they sell?Their service is friendly and their cacti are pretty nice. Best part of this place -- their two nursery cats Fluffy and Dodger.
1	To put it shortly, rude employees, overpriced items, and misleading signs.My parents are new to the Scottsdale area - we're originally from California - and since my siblings and I are visiting for the holiday season we decided to decorate a cactus. My dad and I drove over to read their sign declaring, "Open from 8am to 4pm everyday.""Everyday," it seems, except the days they don't feel like it. We showed up around 2:50, hopped out of the car, and started looking at the cactuses. First of all, they were quite expensive. Definitely not in our budget and, according to my parents who have now lived here for a couple months, more pricey than they've seen other places.We'd been out of the car, and surprised by the prices, for barely a minute when an employee comes rushing over, declaring (quite rudely, I might add) that they were closed. We pointed that the sign said they were open until four, and the employee gave us a vague answer, "you know, with the rain, and uh, Christmas... Anyway, we're closed so... But we'll be open at 8am sharp tomorrow!"Admittedly, it had been raining - but about an hour earlier! It was still a little cloudy but with no signs of future rain. And if Christmas was the reason they were closing, then why be open tomorrow?Quick side note, this is not the first time I've gone somewhere in this area only to see they have close well before the time they claim they would. Maybe it's the norm here? Still, how can people expect to get business if they're closed?Sir, you may be there at "8am sharp" tomorrow, but we certainly won't be. Or ever again.
5	What an amazing place. WOW! They have three new kitties, Muggy Max and Molly. Huge plant selection. They do landscaping and maintenance as well.
2	I was pretty disappointed to find out that they do not carry any type of yard art or Talavera pottery... I'm always looking to add a little something.
