1	This is a letter I wrote to corporate and local managers in order to bring attention to this store which lacks any good customer service at all.The reason for this communication is to lodge a complaint against your Market #28 in Las Vegas, NV., located at 2300 E. Bonanza RoadIn 2007, I had a major car accident in which my back was broken  (2 vertebrae), this issue requires me to wear a brace basically 24 hours a day.  I also use a cane, as I am in pain a great deal of the day.Today, I went into the store located on Eastern and Bonanza with $300.00 in my purse because I had heard that you store has great specials and after looking at the weekly flyer I was in agreement.When I walked in, I asked one of the ladies for the handicapped cart as I am unable to walk great distances.  I asked her in English, she looked at me like I was from Mars and just huffed, "NO" and kept on walking.  I went back outside to grab a regular cart where I could lean on it and try to get my shopping done.  I made it to the third isle and because of my handicap I could not make it any further.When I went to check out, there on the end of the check-stand was a handicapped wagon!  Needless to say I walked out with only a portion of groceries that I had intended to purchase and went to another store where I was treated with a smile and a handicapped cart. I was outraged, last time I looked there was still an American flag flying outside and to be treated the way I was by this woman was unacceptable to me.  First of all, you never know who is walking through that door as a customer.  I am a food writer but decided I am going to post a review of your store on-line, and not a very good one at that.I am a first generation Mexican-American that just so happens to speak English, and the perception of the Hispanic population at this time is not a very good one.  Therefore, whenever I am out in public, I speak English, as my perception is that I live in this country, my parents live in this country and we have to live by the rules of this country.  This is not the first time I have been treated like this in that store, but this is the first time I am complaining.May I suggest that, in order to avoid a reverse discrimination lawsuit, your customer service representatives need to learn English, AND you need to start hiring Caucasians, Asians and Blacks, I notice that your stores do not do this, and I am also going to blog on this issue.  I think I will look into this, maybe send someone in to apply for a job!
1	Well, this is just a follow-up to the review I wrote yesterday about this market at 2300 E Bonanza Rd.  They called me to express their concerns about the incident yesterday, but, to add insult to injury she called me and spoke to me in Spanish!!!!!!!  Open your eyes people acclimate yourself to the American language and coulture or go HOME!
5	Best prices on produce.
4	I know that I should review solely on the quality of the food, but I will say that the grocery has some of the friendliest employees that I have seen. Sweet and hardworking people.  The prepared food is a mixed bag for me.  The taco station makes very good food and the condiment station is well stocked with lots of room to sit.  So if you come with the family and kids you'll have no problem sitting down.  However, the store's shrimp cocktail tasted artificial and nasty all around.  I never thought Hispanics could get this wrong as they are known to make some of the best shrimp cocktails around: meaty, spicy and tart.  This cocktail had artificially colored and pounded shrimp (meaning that it looked red with an obliterated body) and was more mystery sauce than anything else.  It was terribly expensive given its poor quality at $7.  Also, we noticed that after we bought the store's prepared refried beans they went bad after a few days.  Given that refried beans are prepared with fat that should not happen so quickly.  So, if you buy their prepared food eat it right away.The pastries are okay.  Mariana's across the street beats them in this department.  However, Cardenas has delicious arroz con leche or rice pudding; it's soft, creamy and not too sweet.  Back to the rest of the grocery.  I loved their deli and produce selections.  They have many cheeses and creams to condiment meals with and at good prices.  The produce prices are reasonable and it's fresh.    There are times when the store is understaffed with clerks and the lines can get clogged and create needless aggravation with frustrated customers.The shopping center that Cardenas is located in is diverse and you can get it all here: laundromat, discount variety store, Starbucks coffee, wireless phone carriers, Burger King, a Mexican restaurant, a Western store (cowboy boots and the like) and several other businesses within a half mile radius such as Smart and Final, Walgreens, 7-11 and more...There are two freeway within 2 miles apart (e.g. I-15 and I-95).  That deserves an extra star as you don't have to drive the whole town to get it all.Regarding the complaints over the language difference: first generation immigrants are not going to always be fluent in English.  The same happens to me when I go to Chinatown, and I find the way to communicate (e.g. with my hands, head, whatever I have on me) with the Asians there.  Just be grateful that you get to have access to another cuisine mostly decent food at modest prices.
4	I like Cardenas. The staff are always polite. It helps if you speak Spanish, when you need help. This might annoy me if that type of thing annoyed me, but it doesn't- especially with such friendly employees. Prices are good and produce sales can be pretty awesome. Love the freshly made items. Great store!!
