1	Okay... so who in the hell took away their happy pills... and who is the hell decided that a TSA Clerk or whatever they are called could preach to me about Jesus.  My friend and I had a wonderful 4 days 3 nights stay in Las Vegas at the New York New York.  We met wonderful people everywhere we went... we are very easy to get along with... we are funny and fun.  We tip well... (very well) we smile A LOT, we say simple things like excuse me or pardon me when we are trying to pass someone or even if someone bangs into us.  We got good service everywhere we went... honestly we are easy!!!!  So why my rant..Well thank God this was at the end of the trip.  We made it through three security checks... count em 3 a big 3 but when we got to the last little part... 1 min to go before we were able to go to our gate the BITCH and a few other choice words that I have for her was having a very very very bad day.... Like I said... don't take happy pills away from fools who only make min wage... it ain't good... don't give power to fools who only make min wage even a worse idea....  Decided to throw the bins at my friend while she was trying to take off her shoes, plus load her carry on bags into one of those gray trays, and all my friend said was "Please may I have a few moments"... the BITCH wouldn't let anyone else move forward or backwards and made a LOUD announcement that the line was basically being held up because "THIS LADY needs a FEW MOMENTS"....   I was appalled and I said "Jesus lady let us go" "you didn't need to hit her".... that's when I got the lecture that I did not accept Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior.  WTF.....  I told her to not talk to me anymore... and yet she kept talking... again I must add... GIVE the BITCH back her HAPPY PILLS.  Soooooo long story short when we finally got through the line to collect our bags and we complained to the Supervisor she said... and I quote... "I know exactly who you are talking about... she has been like that ALL DAY"..... WTFPS.  Don't say Jesus or a form there off to a short Mexican lady at the Las Vegas TSA junction..  just a word of advice from one Yelper to another
3	I was looking for a place to rant about this 'problem!'I'm giving it a 3 because I've been through before with no problems, but this last trip made me sad.I know, I'm making a big deal about it, but last time I checked I couldn't hijack a plane with a bouncy, blue, glittery ball that I purchased as a souvenir. To go on I had to pay to have it shipped back to me, in which I have no idea if it's going to get to me.I also had to stuff it into a small ziplock bag that ended up breaking as I did so and then I had to stuff it through a rectangular hole. Now, if you were once a child you know, round peg doesn't fit in square hole. Well, somehow I managed to do it.I also kept my friends waiting, but that ball is really fun. I got it at the Hard Rock. If you're reading this and would like to get me a new ball please email me for my information. Thank you!
1	Driver left people outside of bus, in 100-degree heat, saying he was only dropping off. Then he walked in hotel, came back 20 minutes later with icy drink, now we could board. Very nasty to me when I couldn't immediately find my little paper voucher...he spoke to the other passengers on bus announcing that I was slowing down their airport arrival. This company apparently allows total jerks to drive for them.Would have been better value to take cab.....or just pay cash to shuttle that is already in front of hotel and ready to go. Waiting for 20+ minutes in Las Vegas heat, and having to track one more document(voucher) is crazy. Never again.
1	Harassment with a smile...well not as much! Very poor customer service, not very helpful and mean when someone sets off the metal detector. I think they should have private security like they have in SFO....TSA should change their motto to "People are not our specialty"I had the honor of one of these fine guys stick their finger up my butt because he believed I had a bulge on the back of my pants. I was fondled also...not a good way to start my vacation!
1	This was by far my worst TSA experience ever, and I travel very frequently. They treated passengers terribly, and didn't discriminate against anyone, they just picked on each person for one reason or another, including an 85 year old man who was embarassed and even forced to show the inside of this pants to the man with the seach wand and the power trip. I understand their job is serious, but I even watched one man throw a bag at a passenger and say 'get you big bottle out of here' only to find out that it was 2.2 oz. As passengers, we are expected to know our info, as should they. And don't talk to me like I'm stupid just because you're twice my and, and have the ever so tough ability to sit on you stool and check to make sure my ticket and ID say the same name.
1	Traveled through LAs Vegas yesterday. I travel a lot through many different airports and this takes the cake. For the last six or eight months i have sailed through TSA with my liquids in a makeup bag and left in my travel bag. Everything is under three oz. and I have been able to get through without any problem. Not in Las Vegas. She pulled me to the side, pulled out all my bottles, and put them into a baggie I happened to have with me for something else and then sent it through the machine again and says I can go.In case you didnt understand what happened, all she did was move my bottles from one place to another. WTH? She didnt take anything away from me ,I didnt have anything too large, she just needed a power trip that day and decided that she wanted to rearrange my items.I dont have a problem with rules but if you are going to have rules then they should be the same at every airport. This was the most ridiculous display of our TSA at work.
5	Thank you Las Vegas TSA!!  I had a full Xray Body Scan and Pat down October 13th 2011.  It couldn't have been a more pleasant experience and my first!  What a happy and friendly TSA group at this airport.  We had a wonderful 15 days in LV and now that we r home in Long Island (Selden, NY),  I felt that this letter of appreciation should be written.  Thank You for keeping us safe in the air TSA!! Tamara F.
1	The service was horrible!  Almost missed our flight today because the security line was so long... it wound around and went across the terminal!  They only had 2 people checking boarding passes and 2 belts for bag checks, but only one xray scanner for all normal passengers to bottleneck through. Meanwhile they had the same amount of checkers for a separate, much shorter business and first class line and they only had to go through the metal detector.  We had to wait 45 minutes in the normal line while we watch the business and first class people go right through!
1	The TSA people in Las Vegas need to have a refresher training week at San Jose airport where they could be taught how to be just the teeniest bit friendly.  San Jose TSA knows how to efficiently get people through and act like human beings all at the same time.  Las Vegas TSA?  Jerks.....scowling, snide remarks, hollering.  Ugh.  I know they aren't hired to be Mr. Las Vegas like Steve Wynn or something, but what the heck is the matter with them?
1	-TSA agents at Gate B @ McCarran Airport need training on how to use their common sense skills.-The agents weren't rude, just really more like slow moving zombies with no individual thoughts or empowerment to make a common sense decision.-Long line, two open lanes, most agents were standing around inspecting shampoo bottles and cosmetics and running bags to be rescanned.-Why does a CLEAR ziplock bag containing CLEAR 3 fl oz bottles with CLEAR liquids need to be x-rayed two additional times? Maybe the agents think an explosive might magically appear with each scan?-Why did my other randomly scattered in my-suitcase-and-handbag-liquids (lotion, hand sanitizer, nail polish, lip gloss, etc) go unnoticed? -Isn't nail polish more flammable than a travel size stick of Degree deodorant, which by-the-way ended up being subjected to individual inspection and another trip through the scan machine?-I don't remember reading about any Al-Quida groups terrorizing airplane passengers with travel-sized toiletries or unopened packs of moisturizer. Box cutters were used on 9/11 and explosives were used in other acts of terror, but these situations were defused (pun!) by other passengers and crew, not the TSA.-Body Scan = Seen naked by a random TSA agent in some hidden airport room in addition to being exposed to a slight dose of radiation.-Many of the TSA rules and policies make no sense, many which are inconsistant. -Currently, folks over 75 yrs old can keep on their shoes and jacket, not folks who are 73 yrs or 74 yrs old, because they could be real trouble-makers I suppose.-As for the 3fl oz liquid rule, isn't the human body mostly composed of liquids? -Overall, the TSA is very inconsistant, no matter which airport or terminal you end up at-Just show up early for your flight in case you end up being subjected to this unnecessary TSA monkey business.
1	Flew out of McCarran this morning .... was in a hurry and forgot to grab my wallet out of a suitcase, had my ID in my pocket for easy access at the airport plus a little cash for the taxi ride. To my surprise when I got my bags back at my destination I had a little slip stating my bag had been searched. We like I mentioned before had forgot to grab my wallet, oh don't worry the wallet was there but the $500 in the money clip was gone. None of our other bags were search just that one. Last time I flew out of there my headphones came up missing. So what can they really see when they scan a bag I'm sure they are pretty familiar what items look like on the scans and funny how that bag got selected to be searched. The TSA sucks and I believe there are thief's that work in the organization. I know my fault for making the mistake. So from now on I will be like every other passenger carrying as much on board as I can that has value and leaving my clothes and deodorant to be stolen. Thats for ruining a great trip TSA.
1	While complaining about TSA seems useless, after flying through Las Vegas, it may be cathartic. First, the TSA staff (with the exception of one woman who really tried to be helpful) is unfriendly and uncaring. Second, the TSA staff clearly needs more training. And finally, can someone with even a modicum of expertise in efficiency design consult with the TSA at Las Vegas so that its absurd system can be redesigned?Let's start with the staff. They seemed to pride themselves on not being helpful. We were in line behind a woman who arrived late for her flight home to Hong Kong (via San Francisco). Her English was limited and she was panicked about not making her connecting flight. Not one TSA person would even attempt to listen to her, let alone help. She showed us her ticket, which showed that her flight had already started to board and that it would depart in about 20 minutes. I pointed this out to the TSA official. Her reply, "She has to wait in line until her turn, It's her problem if she was late." She then turned and walked away. In other airports, I have seen TSA help people in that situation. I guess not only what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, but when you arrive late to the airport, you also stay in Vegas.Now to the staff. Our screening line moved excruciatingly slowly. In fact, it didn't moved for long stretches. Why? The screener had no idea what he was looking at. He must have routed one of every six bags for further screening. My bag was targeted. Why? They had to separately my battery backup. In the process they lost the strap to my bag, but merely walked away. That was in addition to me standing holding my laptop and being told by another screener to move while he examined another passenger's bag. How I was to reload my bag when it eventually passed its second screening - and after his cohort instructed me not to go anywhere -- was irrelevant. And lastly, to efficiency. Like every TSA line, it's setup like Disney World, with long lines twisting. But then as we got closer to the initial screener, the line was divided into two lines. We all thought "Great," we'll move a bit more quickly. Silly us. All it did was divide the line until we all alternated before the lone screener. Then, once we survived that stupidity, we were left to meander into the lines where we and our belonging were checked. There certainly weren't enough lines open, and when you added in the wait caused by our zealous screener, I have no doubt that others also missed their flights.While we made our flight, with time to spare, it seems ironic that a city that's entire existence is based on tourism would allow a situation to fester in which tourists final memory was a lasting sneer from TSA.
1	On 11/17/2013 I went thru security on the D Gate of the airport, I'm older baby-boomer and experienced racial profiling for the first time in my life. I went thru the security and my clothes set off the detector. I would have been ok if the female TSA just searched  in key areas to see if I was ok to go thru. No, she took it there, as if I was being suspected of carrying drugs.  She asked me if I wanted to go in a private room and I declined, she searched all over my body, between my legs twice and lifted my shirt and proceeded to run her hands along the inside of my pants, I asked her if she want me to unfasten them, she said no. She did everything except a cavity search, who knows  what would have happened if  I'd  accepted the offer to go to a private room, with no witnesses, no way.  One older lady, looks older than myself, said don't you want to be safe, I replied, "this has nothing to do with safety."  And after she was done, she took the glove off and handed to another TSA agent, and he put them under this detector, and since it showed no signs of whatever she was looking for, I was cleared to go thru. I found it very degrading and humiliating.  Unfortunately, because United was oversold, I had to purchase another ticket and fly out from Southwest, I had to go thru security on the C gate, no problems with TSA ... Mind you, this is the same airport, same day, different gate.
1	Worst TSA experience ever.  Just because you are charged with safety does not give you the right to be verbally abusive to your charges.  I was treated like an idiot and yelled at by the staff throughout the screening process.  They should be ashamed of themselves for their horrid behavior towards their fellow man.   The same job could be accomplished with understanding and courtesy.  I am embarassed for them.  Also, let me post this quote of the 4th Amendment:  "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized."This search was unreasonable as were their manners.
1	I live in Henderson and travel almost weekly.  TSA is pretty much hit or miss... but mostly miss... so good luck with that.My problem is the TSA Pre-Check.Since I live in the area the tram at Gate C is easier to use since I usually do not check bags.  However, they do NOT offer TSA Precheck altho they do in the D gates just alongside the C gate line.They did start for a while, but quickly stopped.   The last time I went through the D gates to be 'let inside' the C gates by a TSA agent.  No one showed up.   Two TSA agents were coming in so tried to exit as they entered.  Was LOUDLY encountered with a WHERE ARE YOU GOING!?  and even when said C-gate Precheck was condescended to and made to show the boarding pass.   Next time they didn't even allow C gate passengers to enter.So now go to the main C-Gate (Southwest) security area.  I show my boarding pass and am pointed to a special line that wraps along the wall to ONE TSA agent at a TSA PREcheck booth.  Usually 10 or 12 people deep.   Which would be no problem EXCEPT there are TWO OTHER agents at a stand BOTH with TSA PreCheck signs that the 'general public' can get in line for and then go through Pre-Check themselves.  And NO, the 'main' TSA PreCheck line does NOT have access to the other two stations.
1	Worst TSA experience ever. As a sexual human being, with adult content in one's bag, going through the screening process part in Las Vegas... I thought this would be a breeze! I had no trouble going through SeaTac's security, whatsoever. My wife was directly in front of me and our bags just happened to be going through the screen much faster, with very little congestion. We are a lesbian couple and my wife is the Alpha one. A husky, mid-30s TSA gentleman comments quietly to her about how funny it is that our relationship needs this extra implementation, laughs, then returns to his station. Rude! It wasn't even her bag and we're in Vegas!!These employees really need a lesson in professionalism and sensitivity. The worst!
2	You keep us safe, or at least you tryTake off my shoes? I don't know whyEspecially with extensions in my hairThey have metal, but you didn't look there. Take my laptop, place in bin aloneC'mon you guys, I just want to go home. Stayed with my belongingsTill they went in the scannerI've been standing hereFor almost an hourWatch is off, toiletries out too Everything under 4 ounces, like I'm supposed to. You wave your wand and tell me I'm clearIt's been such a journeyFor us to arrive hereI struggle with my bin, putting back on my shoesRearranging my stuff, dumped it all out for youBut what do I find? Oh, something you missedThe giant bottle of coconut water, accidentally brought with. So much for no liquidsGlad you went through the troubleHaha TSA La Vegas, You should have checked me double.
1	I had been using my expired ID while traveling for the holidays and had no problem getting through LAX or another small airport in South Dakota. When I presented my ID and social security card and credit card to the tsa during my CONNECTING flight they had a whole security show down. My bags were searched and I was fully patted down. I respect the safety the tsa provides but I definitely felt as though they misused their authority. I felt very uncomfortable and it made their tsa seem inconsistent. Not impressed.
