5	my folks desktop has been on a fritz even when i was setting it up but thanks to Yelp i was able to find someone who i can have it fixed with a good commendation (see previous review). Howard is a tech guru, as soon as he saw the problem.. he quickly provided a solution and a resolve. on top of the software issues he also found a faulty hardware and that definitely impressed me. also he gave me a little run down on basic stuff and a web-link for pc maintenance and etc. The turn-around was quick and the desktop runs like a brand new computer (even faster than my current one!) Mobile Computer Solutions is definitely the business you want to call for all your computer needs. he also has discounts for senior and military. 5 stars highly recommended!
5	My computer crashed around 2 years ago and I finally decided to get it fixed...After reading several other Yelp reviews, I decided to give Mobile Computer Solutions a call.  I'm so glad I did!!  Howard was able to come over within 2 hours as he was close by.  I briefly told him the issue which was the message said drivers could not be detected, and my computer did not come with a recovery disk and I tried on my own 2 years ago to try to find one and they did not seem to make them anymore.  He said not to worry, he will take the tower home and will let me know what he find.  Within an hour he called me to tell me that he found the problem - I needed a new hard drive and that he could have it done in 1 to 2 days.  Later that evening he said he was done and that he could bring it back to me the next day!!  I couldn't believe how quick he was!  And the price he quoted me was very reasonable and saved me the frustration and agony of trying to figure it out myself.  When he brought it back, he hooked everything up and showed me how it worked, and spoke to me in a languate that I could understand as I am technically challenged.   I noticed  that my computer is running faster than it did before too!  He is someone that I would contact again if I have any IT related issues.  He was very quick to return calls and did not give me the run around.  He has my endorsement!
5	Having to replace and repair home and business computers, I found Howards expertise to be exactly what we were looking for. We told him what we needed each computer to do and we got everything we wanted. I would recommend him for repairs and builds.
