3	This is a great place to come if you're looking for a break from the heat.  The ice cream here is pretty good, not the best I've ever had, but if it's 100 degrees out you are not going to care.  The food is your basic diner fare, with cheeseburgers, hot dogs and the like.  It's good stuff if you're looking for a quick bite, very fresh.  Plus the waitresses are very friendly and attentive.My only real issue is that the radio that is piped around the whole dining area is set to a country station.  Now I know I'm in the south and I should get used to this kind of thing, but I'm still adjusting.  Luckily I had my MP3 player with me, so I had my j-rock to get me through.  Anyway, it's really a cute little place to check out.
3	Aggie's is a lot of fun, and it's near my house. It's cheap, easy food. There's not tons of options for vegetarians, but I'm not too picky. Give me a grilled cheese sandwich with a side of fries and an ice cream cone for dessert, and I'm a happy camper.It's small, and the servers are friendly and likely to get to know you if you come in frequently. I like it when servers know me and know what I like. The small-town, small-business feeling is kind of rare in Charlotte, so I'm glad to have Aggie's right around the corner.
3	Imagine knowing that other people on Yelp have actually reviewed Aggie's!This little grill is tucked into a small strip mall along Harris Boulevard.  It's the sort of ice cream counter that I imagine existed years and years (decades and decades, perhaps) ago in towns across the South.As has been said, there may not be lots of options for vegetarians, but that isn't really what Aggie's is about - it's just a little burger joint (though they do have hot dogs and chicken as well).  It's not a politically correct place.They also have breakfast, for those of you that are in the area.  The food is generally greasy, and the service is generally good, and typically both are served up warmly.  It's not great, but it is filling.
2	Just a basic  joint serving basic food. It's about as worn-out as the food they serve. Good place to go for the stuff you could prepare at home.
3	Just a pleasant change.... good ice tea, chicken salad sandwich was very tasty ... If I were not watching the old tummy I would had an ice cream cone!
3	This is a mom and pop joint. Good food! Good service and the scenery isn't all that great.
3	This a super simple place to grab a cone and a quick bite. It doesn't have much ambiance or decoration but that's just fine because I usually take my cone with me on a walk outside to avoid the country music. I like contributing to such a small local store because they are so friendly there.
3	I gotta say they've upgraded their menu. The waitress was greatr. The prices are good. Will go back, now.
