4	At Skyharbor, the car rental agencies have been combined into one gigantic off-site location. They are housed in an opulent palacial estate at the margin of the airport. A number of shuttle buses stand ready at the terminal exits to whisk you away to this monument of temporary automobile ownership. Suffice it to say, the place is huge. Most rental places that I go to seem to be housed in tin shacks that look like they could double as a mobile home. Considering its' size, I assumed that some sort of politician must have gathered the money to build this edifice: I searched for an Ozymandias-type poem at the entrance, but sadly could not find it. Yet, the place does run smoothly; from the quick shuttles to the numerous employees at the counter, they will have you off and away in a matter of minutes. I will hand it to Thrifty, they were renting economy cars at a $15/day rate that beat all of their competitors. A rental car for the same price that you may pay for lunch isn't a bad deal. Be wary of the typical mark-ups (e.g. if the tank isn't full, they will charge you over $7/gallon to refill, etc.)They have all the cars for the different agencies stored on the level below: a mixture of escalators and signs will guide you to the appropriate part of the cavernous storage floor. In the storage area, the staff were housed in small metal shacks ("now that's more like it") but were also quick and efficient. I had the keys to my quasi-stylish Chevy Aveo in moments and was rolling off the ramp onto I-10. As far as rental return, this is close to as easy as you get. Anywhere within a short distance of the return hall has a blizzard of signs pointing you in the correct direction. There are so many signs that I was looking for a pamphlet that had some sort of bizarre factoid like "more steel was used in the signs to the Skyharbor Rental Return than in the entire Empire State Building" or something of that sort. Again, I could not find such a thing (although I'm convinced it's true).These signs will guide you back to the rental return floor where you will use the reverse escalators to take you back to the mammoth greeting hall. Shuttles will once again take you back to Skyharbor for your return flight. Now, they have three separate terminals (2,3 and 4) which are both color-coded as well as identified with desert type creatures (e.g. one is "roadrunner" another something like "gecko", etc.). I'm not sure why you'd correlate "roadrunner" with terminal three (or was it four?), but you can always ask the helpful drivers: they know which flights go to which terminals.
1	VERY BAD EXPERIENCE with this rental company at this location.  I don't know about Thrifty at other locations, but this one was absolutely terrible with regard to hidden fees and unscrupulous salesmen.  We had checked out the car an hour earlier than our appointed time (via internet booking), and the salesman did not let us know that they would charge us for that extra hour.  If we had known, we would have waited around for an hour.  Also, the salesman did not explain to us that if we were to return the car after the return time, they would charge us an additional day.  We were 3 hours late in returning our car (because we didn't want to sit around the airport for 6 hours waiting for our flight), and so we were charged an additional day.  The salesman, playing up on our fears about driving in bad weather, suggested we upgrade to a four wheel drive for an additional $30 a day.  With taxes and all the surcharges which were never explained to us, our rental car for a four-wheel drive Ford Explorer came out to be over $300 for 3 days (since we were charged an additional day)!!!  When we booked online, the estimated cost was $100 for a regular SUV for 2 days!!!  Now I know why there are lines at Hertz and Enterprise, while Thrifty had no lines.  Do not be tricked by the company's advertised low price, which will add up after all the hidden costs are taken into consideration.
4	This was our first time to the 'Rental Car Center' and we used Thrifty Rentals.  Great experience but overall we were very impressed with the entire setup.  Very nice having all the companies in one location and everything was very smooth and the different levels for the various companies cars was well thought out.  We liked having the cars in the covered garage and getting to pick out our own car.  Navigating around the place was very simple and we think other cities could take a lesson from this place.
1	Good luck if you intend to contact the rental company unless you want to make a reservation.  We left an item in our car and were unable to contact them in any way.  No one would answer the phone, even the manager's phone.  The 1-800 number forwarded us to the same dead end phones that were never answered.  I would not rent with them again since there is no caring in their "customer care".
1	Rented a car from Expedia from this Thrifty location.  I found a decent deal for $30 a day for a compact car.....I thought I was getting a score.....then, I went to get the car.  Lo and behold, what did they give me?  A freakin' mini-van!  Umm....yeah, I didn't order a mini-van!  But they said that was the only car they had left in that price range but for an extra $20 per day I could upgrade to a Ford something or other.  Well, I wasn't going to roll around in a mini-van, so I paid for the upgrade......classic Bait & Switch!I was so mad, but had to make the best of a bad situation.  I calmed down and went on my way.  Never again will I rent from Thrifty.Return Factor - 0%
4	No problems here. Car choice was pretty good, no lines, out in 8 minutes. On return charges were EXACTLY as quoted online. To the penny.
1	I agree with everyone that gave this place 1 star. We used them at the end of April while visiting Phoenix and didn't have any problems so we decided to use them again last week. We were only going to be in town for 2 days so the estimated cost was $160 for a mid size. When we get to the rental desk the agent tries to upsell us on a convertible. It's mid August in PHOENIX, ARIZONA and he wants us to drive off in a freaking convertible. So after he adds me as a driver and tacks on the insurance the total comes to $391!!!!!!!!!! A mid size car for 2 days and you're going to charge us $391!!!!!!! We asked what time do we need to return the car on Thursday before being charged an extra day. He seemed bothered, but he said 12:45. We also went with the basic insurance. We returned the car at 12:40 with a full tank of gas. Our total was $191.00If after reading this review and all the other negative reviews you still decide to rent from Thrifty, read the fine print and have the agent explain to you what you are being charged and why.
5	great service
1	Never in my entire life of renting cars from various rental agencies have I had such a crappy ass experience.  Normally my reviews are void of swear words but this place has me wanting to unload on them!  I rented from them via Orbitz and from the looks of things online comparing different places they were the least expensive and offered the cars we were used to driving.  The price for 5 1/2 days over Thanksgiving was quoted at $187something plus the fees.  I still figured with the fees it wouldn't be too bad.  WRONG!My inner get a clue was telling me to run to another counter when we got there and noticed nobody was in line to get a car but one couple who hadn't bothered to reserve one.  But we were tired and needed to get going so we went with them.  Guy acted like he was doing me a favor renting me the car as he went through the myriad of this fee, that fee, the fee for the fee, the fee for me to sit here fee, etc.  Not knowing what the taxes and genuine Phx fees were we just nodded and went on with him but felt like we were being robbed blind by a bandit.  Then he started with the pressure tactics of insurance.  We told him no extra we have our own.  He pressed harder saying that if something were to happen to the car and it had to be taken in for repairs we would be charged for each day it was out of service.  WTF???Then he started with some other so called Phx fees and hubs just said oh the hell with it just pay the extra.  NEVER have I heard of such nonsense from other rental agencies.  Then he asks who will be driving, I said both of us - more fees!  WTF?? We are presented  with the final estimate and that $187 went up to over $500 for a damn compact car!!  Hubs said screw that and take my name off the car.The guy tells us he had already put it in BUT as a FAVOR to us he would re-run it.  Gee! Thank you ever so f*****g much!  The cost was now $430.  We leave feeling robbed and violated and head to the garage to get our car.  A worker in the garage took a look at our paperwork and pointed in the direction of the row of cars we could pick from.Every last damn car had some sort of dings or scratches on them including some that had stickers on them stating here is a ding needing repair (not out of service I see huh?) a lot were not that clean inside, and a couple had a mystery odor about them.  We finally picked one car and tried in vain to start it.  It wouldn't turn over and we couldn't figure out why until a van of employees drove up and one guy yells out "That one has a dead battery!"  Again I repeat - charge a person for how many days a car is un-rentable and here one is dead in the to be rented line? WTF!We finally settled on a car that looked like someone had used a cactus to wash it with; scratches on it for days.  The car worked fine for our purposes and when we returned it early they did not give us any money off for it, but if we had turned it in late there would've been a fee for that and then some.Hell will freeze over and they will host the winter Olympics there before we ever rent from not so Thrifty again!  Do not rent from here!
1	I have never rented from this company before, but the low cost reeled me in.  I was willing to overlook the dirty, smelly car due to the price, as well as the lack of direction in selecting a car - I was told "whatever you want over there".  I am BEYOND disappointed that a fee not expressly pointed out at the time of pick up will not be reversed.  The agent who helped me was nice enough, however neglected to let me know that the additional coverage offered was an additional $150 - more than the cost of the rental itself.  Even though the place was pretty empty, he hurried me along with the screen prompts - NEVER mentioning the price.  After calling their "customer care" line, I was told tough luck.Be careful with this company - it may not be as good a deal as it seems, and I would NEVER give them my business again.
3	I have to admit, I was quite nervous to rent a car from Thrifty based on the Yelp reviews. Price gauging aplenty? Piss poor customer service? An unreasonably long shuttle ride from the airport to the facility? Sacrificing a puppy if you're late to return the car? However, most of the other rental car companies near Sky Harbor had equally pitiful reviews, so I booked an economy car and prayed. For me, and for the puppies.Were the staff welcoming and friendly? Not particularly, but they weren't rude, either.Did they try to hard sell me on ten different kinds of insurance? Yes.Was my overall experience a bad one? Not at all!The Kia Rio they gave us was clean and comfortably fit our luggage, and more importantly, it got us where we needed to go. The return took all of two minutes, and I was charged exactly what I was quoted by Hotwire. I'd certainly rent from them again, assuming they were as reasonably priced as they were this time around.
5	I have no idea why there are negative reviews. Maybe they were tired, grumpy travelers? Not my experience at all!We had super-friendly, quick service and enjoyed pleasant chit chat while getting the paperwork processed. This rental arena is gorgeous! I was impressed on the cleanliness as well. It was also fun to get to choose which color vehicle we wanted. I feel that I usually get stuck with the unpopular one.
5	I had  a rental car here for about two wks. I started with only four days and each time I needed to extend they made the process very easy. You do not have to pay until you actually return the car so they just have a sorta open tab for you until you are done needing the car. Good choices in cars and yes even though renting a car is extremely expensive(especially over a long period of time) the overall amount was not too extreme. I would definitely use Thrifty again. Oh and you can rent if you are under 25, there is just an extra $10 charge for being under 25.
1	Do not rent from this Thrifty location!  I rented from Louie who asked if I wanted insurance on my car rental. I declined and stated I have insurance through my auto insurance. Louie was nice and proceeded to talk with me as to why I was in town. He put three X's on the receipt and asked me to sign on the screen. I admit I did not read what I signed. I thought Thrifty was on the up and up and would not purposely mislead me. I told him I declined additional  insurance. When I returned my car three days later the price jumped from $95.00 to $210.00.  I asked to speak to a manager. The first guy identified himself as a supervisor. After talking to him for 15 minutes he said there was no way he could remove the additional charges. He then asked if I wanted to speak to a manager. Her name was Jennifer Kenning and she came out with a big grin on her face. I told her that I told Louie I did not need insurance. She then condescendly asked me if I read what I'm signing. I told her the printing was so light and I admit I did not read every word. She then scolded me and said it was a legal document and I should read everything I sign. She refused to remove all charges.  I told her i was going to write this on Yelp. She told me I was threatening her. I am 49 and she is about 22 and I told her that usually reputable companies do not try to mislead their customers and if I signed for insurance, because I had already verbally declined, Louie should have asked me if i knew I signed for insurance. The Thrifty Car rental at the Phoenix airport is a racket and they mislead and then charge you twice as much.  Do not rent from them.
1	My trainer and I (we are copororate trainers) were traveling to Pheonix to do some training for our store employees. I had reserved my flight and a car through Travelocity. We landed ok and when we got to the Thrifty car rental counter to get the car there was a long line. No big deal. My trainer took a seat in the small waiting area and I stood in line. When I finally got to the service desk 15 minutes later, the guy couldn't find my reservation. I went to my friend and got out a copy of the reservations from Travelocity. The guy said well, since it wasn't in his system he couldn't do anything. I asked him if I could just rent a car for the same rate since I had a copy of the confirmation.He proceeded to tell me that I had to go online myself and make another reservation. I said, "so you can't  just check to see availability and rent me a car? The sign says you have cars available." He said, "that's what I'd have to do." I really couldn't believe it. What kind of service is this? Plus why have a sign saying cars are available if you aren't going to rent to folks who walk up? Are you kidding me? So my trainer and I called the hotel (our hotel was only 5 miles away) and they sent their shuttle to get us.Needless to say, they not only lost the rental, they lost a possible future customer. Stay away from this rental car rental company!
1	Thrifty will not receive our business anymore either!!  We did the usual 'comparison shopping' online and, like many others on here felt, their price was reasonable, and like many others, we got 'screwed'  (for lack of a better word) by them also.  The 'base' price for 4 days was $99.92 but once they put all the 'fees' on, the estimate was $168.74 . We still figured this wasn't too bad. It was late in the evening and we were already quite tired after taking three separate flights to get to Phoenix plus a two hour drive just to get to the first airport!  To top things off, none of our luggage arrived and when tracked on the computer, one piece was in Los Angeles while the other two had never even left Canada!  As if that wasn't enough, the airport did not have any 'emergency toiletries' to provide us with.Service at the counter was quick as we were the only ones there.  Perhaps that should have been my first clue. While the gentleman serving us was polite, we kept having to ask him to repeat what he was saying as he spoke very quickly and in a low tone.  We thought perhaps our hearing was muffled from the flights.  In hindsight, maybe not....He went through the usual spiel asking us if we wanted this and that.  To avoid the pressure tactics he seemed to be using, we made it clear to him we did not require any of the additional services as my husband carries a Platinum American Express and our own insurance fully covers us.   At one point he mentioned a 'Loss Damage Waiver'; quickly and briefly explained it but had us believing it was a one time charge of $24.99.  My husband agreed to it by initialing the contract.  Turns out it was a one time charge - EACH DAY!!  Unfortunately, my husband, tired as we were, did not look at the final estimate thereby not seeing that charge, along with the taxes etc. that go with it, brought our bill to $301.53!!!   So much for their 'good deal'!!   We left and went to the garage for our car.  Thankfully, the wait was not long.  Our car arrived, we jumped into it and took off for our hotel, minus luggage, of course.  It wasn't until we were off the airport property that my husband looked at the gas gauge and saw that it was not full.  Although not far from being there, the point was, it was not full.The next day, in the daylight, I got a real look at the inside of the car.  It was dirty!  The carpets were badly stained, the dash and door on the passenger side looked like coffee had been splashed on them and when I moved the armrest, I found papers/garbage under it that did not belong to us.It wasn't until we returned the car that we discovered the additional charge on our bill.  When we spoke to the man receiving the car, I also mentioned the state it was in.  He said we would have to speak to customer service at the desk.  Big help he was - it was 4:30 am - no one was at the desk!When we arrived home I did write a letter explaining the entire situation to their customer service rep who, in return, refused to remove the additional charges.  As a consolation for the dirty car, they said they would sent me some coupons that could be applied to my next rental from Thrifty's.   I sent them a polite reply (trust me, it wasn't easy) letting them know they could save themselves the postage as we would no longer be using their services!  I agree with many others on here....do not rent from here!
1	I have been a fan of hotwire.com for years. This month we decided to try Hotwire's "special car" low rate for a rental at the Phoenix, Arizona airport. We reserved on hotwire.com a "special" car that would be a compact or larger for a very affordable price. When we arrived at Thrifty's counter at the Phoenix Airport the employee made a phone call and proceeded to tell us that this was their "Lock Low and Go" promotion. He then said that the only vehicle he could give us with this plan was a large V8 Grand Marquis which would be a gas guzzler and a pain to drive for a trip to the Grand Canyon and Sedona. He was very hard sell about what a mistake we would be making to accept this vehicle.He then proceeded to tell us that we could upgrade for a more manageable vehicle such as an economy or compact at more than double the original price we had locked in. He was arrogant and boasted that they had lots of choice if we would upgrade but were stuck with the Grand Marquis if we wanted the low rate. We ended up with a Mitsubishi Gallant, that had many problems and still was not a compact or economy car for gas savings.We could have reserved a compact or economy car on hotwire.com at a much more reasonable price at the time we booked the "special car". Looking back, we forgot that this hotwire reservation could be cancelled, and should have just walked away from the arrogant employee at Thrifty and given our business to another car rental company at the airport.When we returned the car and advised of the issues we had experienced while driving the Mitsubishi Gallant, the employee told us he could not really help us as he was only authorized to issue a $4 credit to unhappy customers. What a joke! I will still use Hotwire for hotels but I will never book a "special car" with hotwire.com again. Although I have been a customer of Thrifty for a number of years I will use another company next time I need a car rental. It felt like a "bait and switch" tactic that this employee probably does regularly to up his sales numbers.
4	As with everything, Arizona has to be different, so instead of the usual airport car rental setup, all agencies renting out of Sky Harbor are in this monstrous rental car facility that's akin to a giant parking garage, and like everything in Phoenix, it's spread way far away from the airport. Hop on a car rental bus and head over to this terminal of automobiles to claim your car. Thrifty has always been fairly quick and efficient, and on the Friday I arrived, the office wasn't busy at all. I was able to get to my car and on the road right quick. But not without passing through some tough-but-friendly security on the way out of the facility. I guess it's that way because some of the rental companies just let you pick your own car from a bank of autos. I do find this cool - getting to choose my vehicle from a set of available cars. The Ford Fusion SEL with stereo device hookup was plenty of car for the $16/day rate I scored, and to top it off, the fill-in-advance offering was only about $.20/gal more than your average local station. Not feeling ripped at all. Return process was pretty quick as well. It was much busier, for some reason, on the Thursday afternoon I was departing than the Friday evening I was arriving, but they got my car checked in right quick. Overall, solid service. The car I rented could have been a little more clean, but at the rate, I was fine with it. And I guess I could have always checked in other available cars to see if there was a cleaner one.  Oh well. Lazy happens.
1	Yeah, so not renting from this location again.  My flight was late coming into PHX on a Sunday night.  Even though, I'm a blue chip member. I needed to go to the counter and change the credit card info.  The lazy ass guy at the counter told me to do it when I returned the car.  Note - this was Sunday night about 7PM and there was no one else around.  Getting the car and getting out was no problem.  Went to return the car on a Wednesday morning at 5AM and tried to change the credit card info, the girl at the return couldn't do it, told me to go to the counter but as I was walking away reminded me that Thrifty was closed and I'd have to go to the Dollar counter.  UGH.Went to the Dollar counter and the gentleman there couldn't have been nicer.  Told me there was no reason that this couldn't have been done on Sunday night.  Got me all fixed up and on my way.
1	Never rent a car from Thirfty... they use trickery on their customers.Reserved a standard car off of Orbitz website for 4 days, the estimated cost was $121.15 including taxes and fees. Arrived in Phoenix on Thanksgiving morning and was asked if we wanted the insurance and all their extra fees, we declined. However, we did agree to the pre-paid fuel. The counter guy puts all these 'optional' fees on our receipt, but we didn't think anything of it because we said, "no" and it said 'optional'. They make it confusing on purpose. Wondering if they make a commission on upcharges?Dropped the car off at the return center and was in a hurry, so handed the guy our credit card and scurried to the airport to deal with long lines at security (Thanksgiving weekend). We didn't look at the receipt until later and noticed we were charged $370.71. That Ass changed us every damn fee possible!Our quoted rate and the pre-paid fuel change should have come to $181.84 for the smelly Mitsibishi Gallant. Called 888-400-8877 and explained everything, hoping for a refund on the difference. All I got was a, "I'm sorry." "I'm sorry you work for a shity company."Note to self... Look at everything on their screen before you sign!
1	Entire rental experience was a complete disaster. Rent somewhere else.
1	As you will read in most the reviews, Nightmare!!!  With us, they jacked the price up considerable from what we reserved saying it was allowed in local airport taxes and they try to scare the crap out of you regarding the "loss of use" clause if you damage a car and it is out of service for even a minor cosmetic repair (you have to pay the daily rental loss on the car).  Typical scare tactics that apparently are allowed at the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport.  We understand it is the same at all the rest.  But, get out of the airport and rent elsewhere and you will do better.  Good Luck!  This was the worst rental car experience I ever had.  Vermont was my best ever.
5	Joey was excellent this morning at the Blue Chip counter. He went out of his way to help me with my luggage as I had a sleeping child in my arms. He was genuine, expedient, and friendly.
1	If you want to get price gauged go rent a car at Thrifty Skyharbor Airport. Per their policy which they hand to you, " If you did not purchase our refueling option you are required to bring a receipt showing you replaced the fuel used from a gas station WITHIN 10 miles of the return location." We'll, guess what? there is NO gas station within 10 miles!! I drove around the airport for 15-20 min to try and find a gas station with no luck... I nearly missed my plane d/t their policy! I told the check in girl at Thrifty who retorted, well there is ONE gas station close by. I guess it was my problem that I couldn't find the ONE station in the 10 mile radius!  Anyway not a lot of sympathy from her... So they charged me an extra $92 just for 3/4 tank on a Chevy Aveo! What I initially thought was a bargain ended up being a huge rip-off!  Lesson.... Thrifty is shifty don't do it!
5	I've rented from this Thrifty station 5 times in the past year and have had a great experience each time. One way that Thrifty generally keeps its prices low is by locating its depot far from the airport and running only 1 or 2 shuttle buses. At PHX Thrifty is in the same building the other major rental companies, so transit to and from the terminals is fast.Once in the rentals building, as a Blue Chip member I bypass the front counter and go straight to the garage. They've always had a car ready for me and a minimum of paperwork and waiting. This last time the process was so fast I barely stopped walking on the way from the bus to my assigned car.Finally, and most importantly: the car and the rate. I've always gotten a new-ish car, in good shape, at a competitive rate.
1	Renter beware. Thrifty will nickel and dime you. In fact, there will be so many hidden fees that you can likely rent two cars based on the initial quote. All the add-ons, taxes, and whatever else they deem necessary will result in hundreds of dollars in additional charges. Don't look for help from the call center. You'll be on hold for more than an hour, and if you have a question they don't want to answer, they will just hang up. If you would like to cancel the reservation or return the car early, a fee on more $100 will be charged. I strongly recommend going with enterprise because I have always had a very positive experience with them. Thrifty at Skyharbor International Airport showed me, at least when it comes to cars, to always stick with what you know. In the words of one Thrifty customer and Yelp user named Joanna T., "Thrifty=shifty."  Good luck with your travels, and may your business with Thrifty be better than mine.
1	Avoid like the plague! You know things aren't off to a good start when the attendant utters only monosyllables like he's hung over. They refused to acknowledge our reservation and insisted we had to make a new reservation at a much higher rate. We took our business elsewhere. What a lousy way to start our vacation.
1	We had originally made a reservation at Thrifty, but when we got there and were in the process of paying for the car, the agent started rolling off her confusing spiel about how if anything happens to the car, we could be stuck with paying for not only the damage, but the time the car is out of commission, yada, yada, yada, and the insurance to cover this was $17 and change.  She couldn't even explain whether or not we'd still owe anything if there was an accident.  And she wasn't even nice about it.  After my husband signed everything, he saw that the bill went from $259 to nearly $400!  When I pointed out that $259 + $17 does not equal nearly $400, she said that it was $17 A DAY!  Truly, she acted as though theirs was the only game in town and it didn't make any difference to her whether we rented from them or not.  We canceled out the transaction - for which she flat out refused to give us any type of receipt - and then we started looking at the other companies.  We tried Dollar, but then found out it was also owned by Hertz (as is Thrifty), so the deal would be exactly the same.  Then we saw Advantage and decided to give it a try.  For about $100 less than what we would have paid at Thrifty or Dollar, we got a full-sized car which was automatically covered 100% by their Loss Damage Waiver.  Plus the agent at Advantage was so much more pleasant and friendly than that person at Thrifty.  For us, Advantage is the way to go from now on any time it is an option.
1	car rental counter was not open when we arrived at 10:30PM at Sky Harbor Airport. Sign at counter said to check in at Dollar rental. Turns out rental went through Dollar, no Thrifty... same company? Agent was very rude, rolling her eyes at our decline of getting insurance coverage. Asked us if we wanted a Kia Rio or Mazda 2 We agreed to a Mazda 2. Gave us the wrong directions to get to the proper rental car level. We finally found the right place and could not find an agent. Finally he appeared and abruptly told us our choices were a Ford Mustang or Mazda 5 (a minivan). No Mazda 2's on the lot. Several people in line. Quite chaotic with agent seeming to act more like an auctioneer than a rental agent. Did not go over car with us or clear car for existing damages, etc. Car was fine, though very uncomfortable, and return was fine. But will never rent from Dollar or Thrifty again.
1	The start of our experience with Thrifty was fine.  Got a great deal on-line through a third party.  Showed up to the counter and had to wait a bit but not long.  No hassle about extra fees or anything going through the rental process.  Went out to the garage to pick out a car.  We started loading all of our stuff into a car but then realized we actually thought a car a few spots down the row was more roomy.  So we moved everything to that car.  So we thought.  Here's where the trouble started.  We drove out of the garage with our rental that evening and the next morning we realized that we had left a laptop in the other car!  We immediately started calling all of the numbers for the Thrify desk at Sky Harbor.  NO ONE EVER ANSWERED THE PHONE.  Apparently there's no one at the desk on Sundays.  And the lost and found office isn't open at ALL on the weekends.  Because people don't loose stuff on the weekend????  I don't know.  Meanwhile, we're left wondering if someone has found our laptop or, worse, has driven away with it in their rental car!  We knew exactly which car it was left in, which spot it was parked in, etc.  All we needed was for someone to go out to the garage and see if it was still there but we had to wait.  We go through the process of filling out the on-line lost and found form on-line.  We resume calling on Monday morning, bright and early.  After many hours we finally get ahold of a person in the lost and found office who can only tell us that a) they did not find our laptop and b) the car is no longer in the spot in the garage (so it's probably been rented, with our laptop in it).  We can never get ahold of anyone at the rental desk nor can we reach the manager on duty (it goes to voicemail which is NEVER answered).  We spend many, many, MANY hours on the phone calling all kinds of Thrifty numbers - local, corporate, etc. - but keep getting the same run around about filling out the on-line form.  The problem, of course, is that the car that was rented is not our car and it may not even be returned to the same airport.  The lost and found process assumes that you left an item in the car that YOU rented and returned.  This is not the case.  If this car is returned to a different Thrifty location we will NEVER find this item because apparently there is no way to search through ALL of the lost and found offices on a national level.  Or at least there is no one at Thrify that is interested in doing this for us.  Over the course of 5 days, we NEVER got through to anyone at the counter or to the manage on duty, despite leaving several messages.  That's the bottom line.  NO ONE THERE GAVE A CRAP ABOUT OUR SITUATION.  Not renting from them again.
1	Beware of the fees and don't expect to get the type of car you reserved, expect a smaller cheaper car without a consulate price reduction.
1	Worst car rental experience ever. Arrived in Phoenix after booking a car 3 months earlier, I had a late flight, landed at 11:30and was told they had no cars on the lot. Do Not Book Here.
1	If I could give them ZERO stars I would.  This is not just this location, but the entire Thrifty company.  Their reservation price was MUCH MUCH cheaper than my go to company Enterprise by about 50%.  Now I know why.  They have multiple hidden charges and their other charges on my reservation went up.  Nobody can explain the increase in listed charges or additional charges.  Their scripted answer is that they are mandatory airport charges and that the reservation is just an estimate. Over a 35% increase in my reservation quote. The one guy at the counter told me the sales tax was 50%.  Really, the State tax for Arizona is 5.6% even though the reservation said 10.3%. You won't see the percentages listed on the receipt. In fact, you won't see any of the percentages list on the receipt like they are on the reservation...hhmmm I wonder why. What they are doing is criminal.  I'm glad I used my Chase card, because I called and disputed the charge and was given an immediate credit.  Thrifty must be on the Chases customer service "watch" list for disputes. Don't waste your time with their customer service.  Contact your credit card company and dispute the difference.  I guarantee you there will be a discrepancy!My car was a little rough in condition and ran like it looked.  I would stay far and away from this car rental company.  You will not save from the others once they add their hidden fees and change their other feed.  Shame on you Thrifty for being dishonest.Really a 50% tax?  Arizona is actually on of the most tax friendliest states in the union.
1	by far the worst company i have ever had to deal with, customer service was the worst it wasnt even just one person every time i talk to a different person they keep transferring me no one could answer my question! finally i get someone to give me corporate number and there just as bad i got transferred and there stupid automated machine send me right back to the beginning! i will never be using this company or recommend it to any of my friends
1	I was a frequent customer until a recent scam experience.  Booked through Travelocity at one rate but the big jerk at the counter charged a higher rate saying "we never go by what Travelocity posts" ( since when?) Then when I declined all additional coverage he still added a $120 "loss of use fee" and told me " it's the law in Arizona you have to take this".  I reluctantly signed,  but then immediately went back and demanded that charge be removed.  The 3 people at the counter were all smirking,  one of them 'removed' the charge but it still showed up on my card.  Had to call their corporate office to get it taken care of. They had no explanation and weren't terribly surprised or apologetic. I agree with another post: THRIFTY=SHIFTY.  I will never go back. Happy to pay a higher rate with an honest company.
3	After booking our car rental through Firefly, and being severely let down by the no show attendant, we ended up renting a car through Thrifty.Firefly and Thrifty share the same parent company, so you'd think that what Firefly had quoted would still stand. Nope. Thrifty charged us more money for the same mid size car option with their "price match".After signing all of the rental car hoopla, we went down to the parking garage and we could pick out our own mid size car. We had 4 options, none being the Corolla I wanted. The attendant that worked in the parking garage was very confusing. He just told us to literally pick a car and drive off. It felt a bit like grand theft auto. We ended up with a Nissan Sentra, which I know I would never buy in real life. The car was noisy and cheaply made.We returned the car easily, again, the garage attendant was really confusing. He didn't want any of our gas receipts or even for us to clean out the car. I hope I don't get charged for that later.
1	I wish I could give them a -20 in the stars. This is a horrible business. The counter agent was bitchy & rude...so professional looking w/her IPod & headphones in her lap. She claimed to only run a "soft" check on my debit card & bitchily advised me there were no other criteria for using my d/c in future transactions as we wanted to split up the payments. She then charged my bf's cc ... however lo & behold, on Sat, as I checked my bank acct, Thrifty had a pre-auth on my acct for $217...however the rental was only $155...where the F*** did $217 come from? Also not ONCE did the agent say my card was assessed $217 ... I only signed as a Secondary driver ... NOTHING ELSE. DO NOT RENT FROM THRIFTY UNLESS YOU'RE OK WITH RUDENESS, BITCHINESS, FRAUDULENT CHARGES...& THE FACT THAT NO ONE IN THEIR CALL CENTER HAS ACTIVE LISTENING SKILLS & WILL DO EVERYTHING POSSIBLE TO SKIRT YOUR ISSUE.
4	After piss poor customer service from Advantage my husband and I were becoming desperate to find a rental car for my husband to drive to see his son for Father's Day. Not only did Abdi (I think that was his name) come through with great customer service, he worked with us to get the best deal for 2 days.Why not 5 stars? Mainly because he told us that the type of cars for the standard vehicles would be something like a Dodge Charger or Chrysler 200....we were thrilled as we are both over 6', until we got down there and our choices were more like a Hyundai Elantra, or a Dodge Dart, or a teeny tiny KIA....we had only 5 cars to choose from and only three TYPES of cars at that. That was the biggest annoyance as a Dodge Dart is MUCH smaller than a Dodge Charger. Next time, we'd like to know the actual cars they have available before we go down there, or at least accurate listing off of comparable vehicles.
1	DONT USE THIS COMPANY!!! My husband and I recently rented two mind size cars, we booked through our travel agent, for a two week rental. When we arrived at midnight at thrifty, the attendant appeared to be very sweet, however that ended quickly! We specifically told her we were each driving a car, but she charged us an extra $12 a day for an additional driver. She said because we were using only one credit card she assumed we wanted to both drive the cars. When we told her to reverse the charge she said she was not able to do this but could just run the charges again and we would not be charged the extra fees. Days later we checked our credit card and they held not only two cars but a total of four cars at the original charge agreed and a car at with the extra $12 a day for a total of 5 cars. This is a terrible company. Use enterprise, they may be a little more expensive but they are at least honest and fair.
1	I rented a car from them. And I prepaid for fuel in the amount of $88. When I brought back the tank three quarters full they still charged me $88. I called the customer service hotline and asked them about this charge, and informed me that it's in the FinePrint of the prepayment fuel document, that it doesn't matter if the tank was empty or three quarters of a tank full, they still charged me the full amount. Lesson learned Never prepay for fuel and never rent from thrifty
1	Well this place does NOT have its sh*t together. 105 tonight and the fucking place won't let you stand in their only air conditioned booth. Well done!!!Fuck Advantage RAC.
5	I'm not normally one to say good things about a car rental place. I can't stand waiting in the ridiculous lines and the constant upselling. I gotta say that I was truly surprised about Thrifty in PHX. I got off the shuttle bus and looked at the lines in front of me at Hertz, Avis, and all of the rental companies and assumed that I was in for a long wait. I walked over to Thrifty and was pleasantly surprised to find no lines!Walked right up, was in and out in under 5 minutes. Walked out to the lot where they let me pick the car out of the section and off I went. I've spent a lot of time in airport rental car facilities and this was definitely one of the better ones. I can't say that this place will always be as easy or nice and looking by the other comments, it probably won't be as great as an experience for the next person as it was for me, but when a company does a good job they should get credit...and that's what i'm doing. Giving them credit for a job well done.
1	do not use this  company!! i waited 2 hours because the 5 cars they tried to rent me were damaged. i had to load and unload my luggage each time...never offered even a bottle of water. rude, rude, rude...even with a reservation ended up with a horrible beat up car..overcharged...thier customer service doesn't care.
2	If you are looking for strong arm tactics to buy the 'optional insurance', dirty cars and horrible customer service, then this is the place for you. I travel frequently and have never experienced anything quite like the service I got from this Thrifty at SH airport. It started with the counter person threatening us with jail time if we got pulled over and didn't have their insurance and possible impounding of the car at $50 per day if we were in an accident. This guy would not take no for an answer. Once we got down to the lot to pick up the car we were told that we were lucky because they had one car left. This car was dirty inside and out, had a horrible smell and had someone's cell phone that was left behind by the previous driver. We didn't find the phone until the owner called it while we were driving, and we offered to take it back to the airport. Once back at the airport we told them about the horrible smell in the car and they said there was nothing they could do because we already drove the car off the lot. We asked to speak with a manager and (the only reason I'm giving 2 stars) he gave us an upgrade for our trouble, the only positive aspect of dealing with them.
1	DO NOT RENT FROM THIS PLACE!1. When we rented our car there was damage on the car. We assumed they took note of it when they gave us the keys to the car and helped us fill out the paper work. THEY DIDN'T. When we got back to return the car days later they blamed the damage on us. 2. A month later we received a bill for toll booth charges that we supposedly went through without paying! We weren't even in the same state that the toll charge was committed and it was physically impossible for us to be in that state because we were many states away from that toll booth, so how did we incur those charges? Also while the toll charge was supposedly committed we were in the process of checking into our hotel so how could we be miles away at a toll booth?!I HATE this place, do yourself a favor and find somewhere else to rent. This place has bad customer service, and they cheat and con you every step of the way, avoid this place at all costs!
