3	Excited I remembered that this place opened soon, I stopped in for Indian 'fast-food'.  I ordered Chole with 1/2 rice portion, 1/2 naan.  The gentleman who took my order forgot to give me my change and after I told him, he gave me my dollar back in dimes. I waited approx. 15 minutes for my 'fast-food'.  The Chole was OK, the rice was rice and the naan was great.  Like the first reviewer, I didn't think the value was that great.  I'm no pig but even I could've had more.  When I go back I'll have to get the big plate (full serving of rice & whole piece of naan) but then we're talking $9+.  A bit much for fast-food.  I will go back, though.  They just opened and I don't want a food option like this to go away without a chance.
4	I was surprised to see this place.  The idea of Indian fast food had not occurred to me and it was really good.
5	Good food. Great service. Mango mastani rocks.
3	I am giving this place the extra star for the service. They are a mom and pop place and you can see they are trying really hard to please which is quite endearing. However, efficiency of service is some time away as they do have some kinks there. As it relates to the food, the taste is average. By no means bad , but nothing stellar yet. I have been here twice and each time thought the food was just ok. I had also thought they serve indo chinese which would have been a huge plus for me but it hasnt been on the menu everytime i have gone. They are still in start up mode so need to be given a chance. I may go back in 6 months to check up on that.
5	Tadka Sizzles catered our work event last weekend, and the food was absolutely wonderful.  They provided a range of dishes to satisfy every palate, from timid to adventurous.  The samosas were outstanding, biryani was awesome too.  Can't wait to try them out in person!
4	This place has good stuff. Have tried the chicken biryani and vada pav, both were good especially the vada pav. The lassi was a let down for me and my friends too. The other stuff that my friends liked were the kababs and some of the curries. They were disappointed by the mango mastani and bhel. It looks like a family run restaurant and the day we went the service wasn't up to the mark as some of the employees had not reported to work. The owner apologized for it as we were leaving(hence haven't reduced a star). It would be better to give them a call and order before going to avoid waiting time.
3	look for the "T" and the Chili Sign on the corner of the building. simple, super-casual presentation of your indian favorites.as part of my ongoing quest to understand and sample the cuisine of india about which I know little, I ventured to Tadka Sizzles on Tuesday for lunch since nearby Bawarchi is closed on Tuesdays.+ good spicyness in chicken biryani.+ good rice body, not sticky or too wet.+ cooked to order may take 25-minutes. and we were the only table. be warned!-- mango lassi too yogurt-ey. i need to make this more often at home-- garlic naan doughey and bland.# signage advertised a lunch buffet, but the bar has been mothballed# barely-usable IKEA "matchstick"-plastic furniture barely serves. i don't care I'm here for the food!# styro, plastic and paper rule the fray. it doesn't stop me from enjoying this place, but come on! i'm starting an ECO-violator list. :)
2	I picked up some indian food from here.We had the lamb biryani and a couple of the curries.The biryani was good but not as spicy as I had requested.The curries (chicken tikka masala, chicken curry, etc.) were okay.
1	I was really craving some good Indian food for take-out. With my favourite place being about a twenty minutes drive from me, I decided to find something a little closer. I settled on Tadka Sizzles after looking at the menu options. I called them to try and place my order. No answer. Went straight to voice mail. I waited a few minutes and decided to try again. Again, it went to voicemail. They have an option of ordering online, so I try that and it takes me to a broken link as their website is currently under maintenance. I believe it's very poor business etiquette to not answer your business phone. Twice. In  a row.
