4	Super fast service NY style crust pizza was great and crispy.
3	After a long enduring 12 plus hour trip to Pittsburgh, my shuttle driver told me about the delivery service at Vincent's and suggested their food was worth checking out. Overwhelmed with work at that time of the night and unfamiliarity with the area prompted a quick call for their Ad's Rockin' Pasta ($17). I was initially told the delivery would arrive in 45 minutes to an hour, but the food came knocking on my hotel room sooner than expected. The complimentary mini garlic buns were cooled by that time. It was over-buttered but yummy nonetheless. It was a delight to see the whopping serving of pasta after not having anything to eat all day. Thankfully it was kept warm by the plastic container and comforting with every bite. The generous servings of angel hair was filled to the brim with juicy chicken slices, very few shrimps, mushrooms, roasted and hot peppers drenched in a mild marinara sauce. The flood of sweet and semi-savory marinara was not the ideal and the peppers also did not make an impression. The quality of the pasta was overcooked and oversoaked, but the pieces of chunky chicken were tender and delicious. The side salad did not look very fresh and was not newsworthy.I didn't get a chance to visit the venue to get a better impression of the establishment, but as a delivery service I thought it was fast while portions were very generous. Value wise, kudos to them for having a $5 children's menu for those at the ages 2-10. For my dish however, I still consider it overpriced for what was supposed to be their fanciest pasta dish. 2.5 stars for the experience.
4	Nice, clean local place in Green Tree. Might be a little pricey but the food is good and homemade.
4	Just read my review of Bados and you got this place . No breakfast here though but this place has two things Bado's doesn't . 1. a great deck to eat and drink 2. Free parking .
2	Service wasn't very good, and their (advertised) delivery was not available (because the delivery drivers car broke down). Maybe as a sit in it would be ok but I was not impressed
4	I'm usually in Pittsburgh once a year and each time I come to town I typically have Vincents. Their NY Style thin crust pizza is just awesome and the service is typically pretty good. Regular crust is good as well if you want  something a little bit thicker.
2	Have mixed Vincent's.  My meal was good (spicy pasta) but service was spotty.  Another in the party had the homemade gnocchi and it was not good at all, "tastes like dishwater", was the quote.  Naw, that couldn't happen to homemade gnocchi, after a taste, I agreed!  Just goes to show, it depends on what you order.Oh yea, the parking lot, very big but some customers parked in the entrance on both sides to make it one lane and of course when we were leaving we noticed that one guy was taping his car where it had be hit.
4	Who knew french fries came on salads? Pittsburgh did.Salads are good. Pizza looked tasty. Service is helpful (when you can find it).The pepper steak salad is pretty good - get it with ranch. Or instead, just get a plate of those garlic knots. They're the best thing there.And the comment about helpful service - when I went to pay the bill it was too windy for me to leave it out on the table. Instead I went inside and it was a no-man's land. No person working could be found for a good three minutes while I stood there with my bill in hand. I mean, what kind of place is dead empty of all wait staff, bartenders, or any person who worked there for that long during the lunch rush? Seems odd.
4	OK, I'm going to be honest. I am SICK and tired of pizza. There are only so many ways to throw stewed tomatoes and cheese on bread. This being said, it is difficult to impress me with pizza. It was Darren's turn to pick a place to stop for dinner, and I groaned when he mentioned ANOTHER pizza joint. "They have more than pizza "he protested, but pizza we got anyway. And WOW! Enter a seafood variation on the detested entree. I have tried seafood pizza at various places before and received imitation "crab" and some mini shrimp sauteed in butter, but THIS pizza blows them away! Clams, scallops, and sliced shrimp of the larger variety covered a perfect crust that was both crispy and soft. If you are a seafood lover, this is the perfect pie for you! This was an inexpensive way to cure my "ocean tooth." As stated in other reviews, the service is lacking, but I'd still come back here. Maybe next summer we can eat on the large deck under the stars. :-)
3	Not a bad place to grab a bite for lunch. Their service can be kind of slow so dont plan on having a quick in and out lunch.Greentree does not have many options for food, which is surprising since there is so many office complexes. Overall not bad.
3	The inside of Vincent's has the distinct smell of wall-to-wall carpets and fried food - not necessarily 'bad,' but certainly pungent.  I'm glad we came here on a nice afternoon when the deck was open.  We split fried zucchini, which was delicious, sliced really thin with homemade marinara for dipping.  I got the buffalo chicken sandwich and my dining companion got the italian calzone.  Both were good - fresh ingredients and lots of them.  The portions were absolutely huge.  Overall, the service was fine - no major issues.  Good place for casual dining and good bar food.
2	Overpriced, very slow service, food was decent.
4	Had lunch there today. Nice deck, fair service. A+++ for the muffaletta. If you go there and don't try this sandwich it's your loss.
3	Expensive, slow, but good food if you don't mind the wait or check.
5	Vincent's has excellent food and awesome service.   On my recent, second, trip to Pittsburgh I ate there all three nights I was in town because I was blown away by the food and especially the servers.  The restaurant was clean, inviting and felt uncrowded even though it was busy.  I will definitely eat there again on my next trip.
5	If you like a traditional pizza, this is the place. With crusts in three thicknesses, fresh ingredients, and pleasant atmosphere, Vincent's of Greentree is one of the better pizzas in the Pittsburgh area.
2	Food is mediocre service is lousy. I'm sitting here right now and have been out of water and done eating for 20 min...
4	Love this place. Pizza is great and the stuffed peppers were perfect!
3	The portions are Huge. I ordered half of the antipasto salad and it was still enough that I was satisfied. They should cut up the meat as it was slices of deli meat thrown into the salad though was a very good salad overall. I also ordered wings and was very impressed with these. It is hard to find the right wings that have the right amount of meat to breading mixture. They even make for a good treat on day 2. A friendly patron bought me a cannoli which was amazing. This was my second visit to Vincents and I look forward to a third.
2	Service was good but probably the worse pizza I've ever had.  We couldn't eat it.
2	I went for dinner July 10.  Tight quarters inside but nice outside covered porch..Small inviting bar. Parking lot is full of potholes. It wont take much to fill with small stones but nothing has been done for years. It would be nice for customers to the fill potholes. Friendly staff . I ordered a Italian Hoagie and my wife had Spinach Ravoli. Waitress was nice but never asked to refill our drinks. My hoagie was dry with min meat. Bun was OK. My wife liked her salad. Both was very avg food in tight spaces and service could have been more attentive. Probably wont go back.
4	I had the buffalo chicken pizza and really enjoyed it! Good quality cheese and chicken.. Hearty proportions.. No complaints !
4	So I walked in 20 minutes before closing and the waitress welcomed me right in with no problem.  I tried their pizza that i enjoyed mainly because of the fresh ingredients and hard crust.  They had a nice size patio which I will be back to sit with my friends next time I'm in Pittsburgh.
5	Great place!! Tried a different bar in town and was highly disappointed by it so we tried this place and we love it!! The only problem is, they close too early on Sunday, lol. We didn't have the food to eat, but everything they have brought out for other customers looks and smells great! But definitely good drinks, great atmosphere and super friendly staff!! Oh! And they have carry out beer!!
4	My mom and I went here for dinner while visiting Pittsburgh. It is a pretty small building, maybe about 15 tables total plus a bar. You can sit wherever you want. It's a casual, bar type environment. Our waiter was friendly and prompt. We both ordered the pasta primavera with chicken. The portions are huge-- I have enough leftover for two more meals. The sauce was creamy and flavorful, and there were enough veggies. The side salad was a bit lacking-- it's just iceberg lettuce (my mom says there seemed to be romaine too) with some olives and a couple grape tomatoes. They give you these awesome little garlic knots with the salad and entree. The dessert was the highlight. I ordered the homemade cannoli. It was a good size, plenty to share between two people. Delicious crispy shell, amazing ricotta filling with chocolate chips, covered in powered sugar. It was just as good as the cannoli I'd had from an award-winning bakery in New York City!The prices are around what you'd pay at Olive Garden, but the food here tastes homemade and fresh, and the portions are large. Nothing pretentious about the place, just good food!We drove past twice trying to first figure out where the restaurant is (from the address you think it's on the other side of the street) and then how to enter the parking lot. But we found a spot okay once we managed to get there.
3	Just moved to the area so I am looking for a go to spot. Vincents isn't going to be it. The food wasn't great it was just ok. I had the italian sausage. The prices are reasonable and I got my food in a timely manner but no personal customer service. I sat at the bar and literally no attempt to have any dialogue except get my order. No other options ill go back but that's it. Or I may try pizza and have it delivered.
3	We've been here twice and the first time wasn't so great. We started with baked artichokes which were super tangy and swimming in oil. I had Pasta Siciliano and hubs had Pasta Mafaldo. He ate more of mine than his own. The Mafaldo tasted pretty bland. The pasta Siciliano was better but nothing to write home about and I wouldn't order it again. The bread at Italian restaurants is normally something I look forward to but this was like a regular roll with olive oil and Parmesan cheese on top - ehh. The cannoli was the best part of the meal. Visit two was much better! We started with the homemade hot stuffed peppers which were phenomenal! I had to make myself stop eating to save room for dinner. We ordered spaghetti with meatballs and pollo divino pizza. The peppers were the shining star of the meal! Second would be the pizza because it was interesting and delicious. We ordered with white sauce and it perfectly complimented the chicken and cheddar. The overall spaghetti was okay but the meatballs really made it slightly above ordinary.
3	We stumbled on this place on a Friday night. The place was moderately busy, but we were seated right away. The server was friendly, but service was pretty slow considering how many servers were working. We ordered the artichoke hearts to start - I recommend staying away from those! They were around $9 and had obviously just come from a can and had some Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top. The rest of the food, however, was delicious! We ordered the spinach pizza with white sauce and an Italian calzone. They were both HUGE and the pizza was one of the best I've had.
