4	This really isn't a bad pub and you can pick up good value food and drink from here.  I've come in here for a meal for a meal on occasions solely because its got a great deal on at the time (I hadn't even planned to eat and was just passing).Inside it's easy to see the big screens around the pub whether there's a game on or whether it's just sky sports news on.All in it's good value for money, well decorated and a good sort of quiet which isn't lonely, but more respectful - you can enjoy a quiet chat or meal without being pestered.
3	In all honesty, I don't generally find Lothian Road public houses particularly enthralling, because a lot of them seem to float around the same level in terms of banter and atmosphere. There's nothing essentially wrong with some of the pubs, they've just not got the kind of vibe going on that I usually go for, plus I think there are far superior areas to go drinking in.Saying that, Shakespeare's is a perfectly decent pub to grab yourself a beverage in, and it's really conveniently located for a pre or post event drink if you're going to the nearby Traverse Theatre, or heading to a gig at the HMV Picture House a few doors up the road. Shakespeare's seems to have been around a lot longer than some of the other places that have come and gone on Lothian Road, or at least changed their name, so it must be doing something right. The place seems to have a good number of regulars in attendance, being your average, laid back pub with no pretensions, which is always a bonus if you're just wanting to relax and have a good gab over a pint.
2	Drinking on Lothian Road is usually divided into 2 distinct sets of clientele - the stag party groups that frequent the seemingly endless stream of "gentleman's clubs" along here, or the real ale drinkers who bar hop from Bennet's to The Cloisters and then work their way up towards Princes Street. And whilst, just for the record, I fall into neither of those categories, my flatmate loves a good real ale pub and so I've been dragged along here on a handful of occasions.It's an ok pub, albeit a bit on the small and pokey side, and the construction works going on outside seem as if they're never going to end - this really doesn't add much to the atmosphere of the place. I think before the smoking ban came in this place would have been much more buzzing and vibrant, but now it just seems a bit redundant and boring. If you're going to a show or a gig at the adjacent Usher Hall, it's an ok place to pop in for a drink beforehand. Otherwise, you probably woldn't go out of your way to come here.
4	I found this pub to be atypical; it's a little fancier than most and the only one I've seen with pink brocade wallpaper! A friend and I rushed over here to see the World Cup final, as we'd missed the first half working at the Usher Hall just thirty seconds away. The staff were so engrossed in the match I'll commend them for being able to take my order! The place was packed, as expected, but had enough breathing space and screens to keep everyone satisfied. My friend and I settled down in front of a huge floor-to-ceiling screen (I suspect this was a temporary projector-enabled fixture) and enjoyed the match, as the chants of the Dutch and Spanish supporters (whom I have to say are extremely creative with their expletives and songs!) I really liked the atmosphere and would definitely go back to see another important sporting event there!
3	I'm writing this months too late so I'll keep it brief.  I remember liking the location of this Bar.  It's in a really interesting part of the city and near some really nice theaters (Like the Traverse).  Seemed like a fine place to stop for a drink but I wasn't overly thrilled with the food.  I had a burger so maybe I just picked the wrong thing, but I personally thought it was way overcooked.
3	I last visited Shakespeares probably about 10-15 years ago, a few boyfriends ago, a degree ago, a paint job ago. It's satisfying at least that I still can find the bathroom. It's not a place that will wow you, but for a quick drink as we were looking for, it fit the bill nicely. The food was better than expected, although the fish finger sandwich was more bread than fish, it was decent bread, so not terrible overall. The fish and chips was a plateful by the look of it too. It works as an after work quickie, but quickie it is, and equally unmemorable, but it has it's place, and probably a good reason why it has hung around for so long.
3	Only ever come in for a quick pint while I wait for the bus. So I can't really comment on what the food is like. But otherwise seems like a good little place. They show all the sports games and the staff always seem to be friendly. Have your normal selection of beers and other booze. But I like the place and will continue to go to it!
2	Food was almost tasteless, but cheap. The environment is fine, nice design, but service is almost inexistent. Cocktails are made out of pre-mixed convenience products. I probably won't come back.
