3	This is a decent Panera, but not one of my favorites in Pittsburgh. Try the one at the waterfront instead. Nothing really wrong with this one except the location borders on sketchy.
1	Surly order takers that seem pissed that you are there; give a loud audible sigh when you ask is there a substitute for chips on my sandwich. While a manager with a scowl on her face oversees the whole process. Yeah that's an inviting experience.Then you buzzer goes off and food that is haphazardly put together is slung into the window so your sandwich is flies apart. Once you reassemble the mess it tastes pretty good and they have good ice tea but its north worth the hassle and nasty attitudes of the employees there.BTW, the internet was out that day and when I asked about it the response was "It's working fine, you are probably not doing something right." Yup me and everyone else in the joint, back at our table I made a comment about the help and the person next to us agreed they also told me they have a constant problem with the internet in that store.Skip this location - 1 star for the most atrocious and unfriendly attitudes I have had in a food service establishment in a long, long time.
1	My black bean soup had a small stone in it. Fortunately I caught it before destroying a tooth.  My wife's sandwich had a whole sheet of deli paper inside the turkey, layered right into that sandwich.  For Pete's sake...  We got a full refund, but this team is disturbingly sloppy.  Nothing wrong with the taste though, if you get something that's actually done right.
4	i didn't experience problems when i came to this location on a sunday afternoon.  despite being pretty packed, they managed to crank out my order (frontega chicken) pretty quickly without blunders. just like any panera bread, it's just a tad expensive for what they offer, but it's good enough. nothing wrong with the location either (it's not shady).
4	So far, I've only had positive experiences at this Panera. Their Fuji Apple Chicken Salad is better than most other Panera locations... their baked goods, however, leave something to be desired. Why would you put chocolate sprinkles on a chocolate croissant? It's not a doughnut!Anyhow, I do like how low-key this location is... the one by Waterfront is way too crowded and hectic.
3	I don't know what's up with all the bad reviews here. I have nothing to complain about and the food here is as good as at other Paneras.
5	I love the location of this Panera, it's always filled with the most interesting people. Great baked goods, the bagels are pretty amazing, I get the multigrain or the whole wheat. Great coffee, awesome dark roasts. A bit expensive, but much healthier than Micky D's and Wendy's.
1	Panera has the best coffee ever. Hazelnut coffee, that is. For that, I have to give them credit. For the way their restaurant handled the homeless guy the day I was there, I have to say... stay away from this place. I sit down at an extremely dirty table. It was the only option I had since I was limited to the plug on the wall. A guy at the table next to me even offered me a napkin so I didn't have to put my laptop on the gross table.Across from me sat a man, asleep, hand in a bag of chips that weren't from Panera, and water bottle full of who knows what on his table. He would occasionally wake up, disturb the people all around him by yelling gibberish, eat a chip and fall asleep while chewing. He even got up, filled his water bottle with a fountain drink, shook it up and yelled "pop" across the restaurant as the top of his water bottle goes flying and pop comes spewing out. What gets me is... the employee working came over and had a conversation with him. Never once asked him to leave or anything. Just a BS conversation.Panera! Raise your standards! Your customers were annoyed by this dude and the fountain drink machine is... eww. If you want to be a little higher in price and come off as a classier place, you need to be classier and take care of situations like this. Panera on Shadyside... no thanks!
4	Your average Panera but one thing this place has that you would not expect in an urban location is a free parking lot.
3	Holy expensive food Batman. My boyfriend has been encouraging me to eat at Panera Bread for years.  I am the kind of gal who likes to spend $3.75 on lunch if I can get away with it and Panera just always seemed so pretentious to me.  When I think of Panera Bread I think of Au Bon Pain expenivse as hell for no reason.  I had a black bean soup and a hunk of bread grand total $9.00 me thinks not!
3	Meh.  It's okay.   I got the pick two with 1/2 of a tomato and mozzarella panini and the new cream of mushroom soup with a lemonade.  I looove mushrooms but this soup is not good.   Totally unimpressed.  The panini was decent. ..same as always.   I remember their food being waaay better.
2	Okay it's actually cold in here!Coffee last updated at 9:00 a.m. It's 10:38 a.m.Hey Panera you are a coffee and bread shop...coffee warm would be nice and by the way full is always more impressive than empty! A selection of empty coffee thermos is not a selection. Grinds are not why I pay a higher price, I can get grinds anywhere.By now you know I'm upset about the coffee; this store continues to disappoint.However my cinnamon roll was as usual very good.
3	Another average branch in a very busy area of Shadyside on Baum. The quality of the food is still good, the staff are nice, but I did notice that the restaurant is not as kept as the location in Oakland. There were dirty and disheveled tables, overflowing trashcans, and the floor was littered with food crumbs and napkins. They should have at least one employee designated for the upkeep of the dining area, as with the Oakland branch. I stopped in around 3:30 in the afternoon at a very unbusy time, so there was no reason why the dining area wouldn't look its best. Nevertheless, I would still stop in again sometime.
4	Solid lunch delivered in minutes. Med chicken flatbread and Greek salad. Iced tea. Polite if impersonal service.
1	Panera where two halves do not make a whole. 7+ dollars for this embarrassing amount of chicken salad; note I did take the lettuce and tomato off to find there was in fact chicken salad on the bread.
