1	I had a coupon for another place that apparently closed, so we wound up here.  Oops.  We thought other names for the place might be:  China Minimum.  China Don't.  China Ridden Hard And Put Away Wet.The service was nice enough but nothing else was.  The lipstick on the spoon that came with my daughter's egg drop soup pretty much set the tone.  The veggie chow fun and the veggie fried rice were sub-unremarkable.  The baby corn was overly large (we called it toddler corn) and had a musty flavor.  Ug.  The chow fun tasted mostly of soy sauce.  The veggie fried rice was OK.  Oh, we started with crab puffs.  They were overly oily and had no crab flavor.Just call it China Don't and leave it at that.
1	Seriously so gross.  I had read other positive reviews about this place so decided to try it.  Called for delivery and was told they were only delivering within a mile of the location due to lack of employees.  Ok, I'll pick up.  Ordered 3 dinner combos (2 sesame chicken and one sweet and sour chicken) and an order of chicken lo mein.  Arrived to pick up and stood in the front for a good 5 min before anyone even came into the dining area.  I should have taken the totally empty place as a sign.  Anyway, food was awful.  Egg drop soup and sweet and sour sauce were obviously cut with water and probably more than half.  Sesame chicken was mushy and tasteless.  Tried to add some hot mustard for flavor and even that was bad!  How do you have bad hot mustard?!  Will NEVER eat here again and wish I had my $35 back.  Oh and when I was there I asked for a menu and she said they were out of the paper to-go menus.  Really?!?
3	We've dined here before and opted to get some food to go from this restaurant instead of Pei Wei and Panda Express.  I just get sick of the food at those businesses.It's a skeleton staff but polite, knowledgeable and efficient.The bar options are very limited and I'm not sure if it's because of a pending delivery or what.At China Max, every time we have dined or had take out it has been good. We have a couple of favorite dishes that got our attention when they were lunch specials - Mango Shrimp and Garlic Chicken.Tonight we went with Pot Stickers and two orders of Mango Shrimp and Sesame Chicken, no spice.While waiting for our order I had a Tsing Tao and my son had a Dr. Pepper.Our bill for the two beverages, an appetizer and three entrees was $30 and some change.Our food was delicious, shrimp wasn't over cooked and plenty of mango and shrimp.  Red and green bell peppers, red and white onion, baby corn, zucchini, snow peas, carrots, lots of sweet mango and plenty of shrimp.  Pot stickers were tasty, with or without the sauce.Rice was warm and sticky - ideal for eating with chopsticks.Husbands Sesame Chicken was lightly battered, tossed with a semi sweet sauce similar to teriyaki and sesame seeds.  He said it was really good and couldn't eat it all.
4	I was super excited to try a new place. My family told me about this place and thinking that it was new to all of us, I agreed. I was a little cautious because of their reviews. We went during lunch time on a weekday and the place was pretty empty. The waitress quickly seated us. She was very prompt with taking out orders. I can't exactly remember the dish I had, but it came with a little bit of everything. I will be the first to say that I am a very picky eater and I cleared my plate. I was very impressed with my meal. I would def. go back and try another meal for sure. Pricing was decent too! Not too expensive for the amount of food you get. Plus when my brother asked, they gave us extra fortune cookies! This place gets an A from me!
4	I was really skeptical of this place when I walked in and I was the ONLY person in the whole restaurant. I waited for 2 mins before someone came to greet me. I contemplated leaving while I was standing alone at the entrance of the restaurant, but I'm glad I stayed and dined here because it turned out to be pretty good!Food: 1) Hunan beef: stif fried beef with broccoli, bell peppers, onions, carrots, and snow peas with a thicker soy sauce like sauce with a hint of spiciness. I thought the beef was very tender and the veggies were very tasty. The sauce was calibrated just right and the whole dish came together very nicely. 2) Seafood and bean curd hotpot: I was disappointed with this dish because it came out very dry and bland. All the ingredients didn't really feel like they came from the same dish, and it tasted almost like they were just thrown together last minuet. There was real squid, shrimp and mussels in the dish but the crab meat was imitation, which made the dish less appealing. If it were up to me, I would leave out the imitation crab meat because it only tainted the dish and made it seem cheap. 3) Pong nong? chicken: Gosh, I forgot the name but it was one of the specials that the waitress recommended. BEST dish of the night! The chicken was very well marinated and so tender! The veggies tasted perfect. The SAUCE was what highlighted this dish! A little on the salty side but very well calibrated with just the right amount of spicy kick to it! Almost like a mix between soy sauce, hoi sin sauce and oyster sauce (but I'm probably way off). It was just delicious! I really recommend it! (Too bad I don't remember the exact name of it)4) Stir fried choy sum: Loved it! Very fresh and simple, just the way Chinese vegetables should be stir fried. Service:By far one of the BEST waitresses I've ever had at a Chinese restaurant. I don't have very high expectations for waiters at Chinese places but because food and not service is what Chinese restaurants emphasize, but I've got to say, she was so friendly, nice and helpful. I asked so many annoying questions about the menu and she was very eager to answer them and she knew the menu like the back of her hand. She checked on me several times during the meal and never left me with an empty water cup, she was fantastic! Ambiance: They can sure improve the ambiance in this place. Dim lighting combined with a run down look makes this place very unappealing. The booths were uncomfortable and the large fish tank at the front of the restaurant looks very dirty. I question if those gold fishes are happy in that tank. It's a very shabby, hole in the wall type feel. Price: Very reasonable for the food you are getting! With everything that I ordered, it only came out to $40 (that's tax and tip included!). The meal probably could have fed 3-4 people, which would only come out to be like $10 each person? I ate by myself, so it was kinda a pricey meal for just myself, but still very reasonable for all the food I got to take home! Yay for left overs! Overall: I would totally come back if I weren't so far away. You should definitely try this place. There are a lot of mixed reviews for this place, so I guess take my review for a grain of salt, but if you pay close attention, all the bad reviews are from people that ordered "Americanized" Chinese food. Try the more authentic dishes and ask the waitress for recommendations. It makes a difference!
4	Excellent food.
3	I tried the half of the restaurant that is clearly similar to Panda Express, so I'll write the review from that standpoint. The lo mein vs Panda's chow mein is two different worlds. Holy hell is the lo mein better. That's where the good part ends. The terriyake chicken was bland and dry. The orange chicken was over cooked and extremely sticky. One thing I will say is that you get a TON of food for not very much money. I spent 7.50ish and got a heaping so large, an anorexic person wouldn't be able to lift it!
