5	I love this location. The people are courteous and friendly, and I have never had to wait in line. To make a very, very, very long story short: I am a recent convert to Wells Fargo. Tom Quinsler, the Branch Manager, for this location went out of his way to assist me in the cash purchase of a home. Due to the large nature of the transactions, my money could have been held for weeks until the bank was certain I was not a terrorist or a thief. Tom inserted himself in the situation and allowed me access to my money so that I could meet the date requirements for my home purchase. Tom risked a slap on the hand to meet a customers' need, and that is customer service that we just no longer see. My thanks to Tom and his staff for making what could have been a nightmare into a good experience!
2	What are the hours on Saturday's?
3	By the way, they are open until 4:00 PM on Saturdays :)
5	I admit it, I've been a loyal BofA customer for years, but after visiting this WF location with my husband a number of times, I recently made the decision to open a savings account for my son at this Wells Fargo.  I was super impressed with the level of service when doing so... both from Fred, who helped me open the bank account, to the staff all around being super friendly.  I also have access to his account online.  It was easy to set-up and I hope it will be easy to make deposits into in the years to come!  And the reason I'm giving a simple bank five stars?  They called the next day to make sure that I was extremely satisfied.  Really?  I've never had BofA call me to make sure I was satisfied!  Oh yeah... and I love that they usually offer me a bottle of water when I come in as well, regardless of the nature of my visit.  It's the little things!
4	Level of service, awesome!!!  Everyone smiles and says hello the moment you enter the bank and everyone is eager to be of service.  My husband takes care of our financial matters so going to a bank is a challenge but when I ask a banker for help, they are always there for me!  Good business hours too.  My husband accidentally left his debit card here once and he was very lucky that the ATM after a certain time, automatically grabs the card and he was contacted via email right away that he had let his card behind!!!
4	I know in the past I have referred to Wells Fargo as the McDonalds of banks but that's primarily based on my very short (and bad) experience when they took over my small bank I was used to.  My mom, however, has banked with them for years now and swears by them.  We dropped by this branch to take care of some items and I have to say I was impressed by the service.  The people were all friendly and courteous.  They obviously know my mom and it wasn't the generic experience I was expecting.  The customer service and attention to detail was amazing.  I am now considering switching banks!
2	I'm not usually one to take to the internet and complain, but this Wells Fargo branch severely disappointed me today, especially compared to experiences I've had at other branches in the greater Phoenix area. The wait was long, and the service I received was sub-par at best.  Furthermore, the lack of communication on the teller's part left me feeling like I'd been duped by the end of the transaction, despite how clear I was initially about what it was I needed. I would have appreciated some sort of heads up before that teller took matters into his own hands just to get me out the door quicker. This may just be frustration speaking, but I can definitely say I did not have a good experience at this branch, and probably won't be back anytime soon.
5	Incredibly helpful staff. I went in this evening 10 minutes before closing time to get a few documents notarize (turned into a 30 minute process NO FAULT of wells fargo) Sarah was more than happy to help me and even speak with the person I needed to send the documents to in order to make sure everything was great. If you're lucky enough to get Sarah, make sure you let her know how great of a job she's doing!
4	Nice staff.  No issues in the past and if I didn't have a great bank already, I would totally start an account here.
1	They were so rude at this location. Most Wells Fargo locations are great. Their manager Benjamin Skelton was rude and unhelpful. I explained my situation and asked for help and his answer was, "well it should have worked" I know my card "should have" worked but it didn't and they couldn't fix my issue. I went to the location on Scottsdale and Indian School and they helped me. I was so upset and they just didn't care, couldn't even give me a good excuse. I hope they close that ugly store and they don't reopen it. I was very disappointed with their management.
5	this is my go to bank. im suprised that this bank has such a low yelp rating.mthe store manager benjamin actually helped me open 2 savings accounts and taught me quite a bit about emergency savings and main saving. i am forever grateful as i am still very young- 16. and i dont know too much about money management. after spending an afternoon here talking with ben he was very helpful and understanding and met all of my banking needs. i go here to cash my checks every couple of weeks and i always put a chunk into each savings account.
5	I have been a Wells Fargo customer for over ten years. This is a great branch to frequent. The branch I went to prior to moving to scottsdale was horrible. They would sell me accounts that I didn't need and their speed was sub par. This branch is none of those. Speedy. Friendly. They even offer you water on a hot day! Glad to be using this branch now.
