1	Total bait and switch sales department! Will tell you one price over the phone, then quote you another when you arrive! Happened to me personally 3 times. I bought from Scottsdale BMW. One quote, one price, done deal. Buyer beware...
5	I've never bought a bike here, but I have bought a lot of accessories, riding gear, and had service done.  It's always been a great experience.  They are helpful when you are trying to decide on riding gear and get fitted.  Service is super-friendly and makes it clear they appreciate your business.  Prices are middle of the road, not cheap internet prices but not jacked up either.
1	We originally bought our BMW SR1000rr here and thought there were a stand up bunch of guys, but after a terrible experience with our recent 6,000 mile check up all I can say is GO TO SCOTTSDALE. Victory BMW's service department either honestly doesn't have the competence to know what they are doing or are actively trying to rip you off. Our bike went into their shop working beautifully and came out not starting and stalling to point it was un-rideable. Problems dragged on for 2 months before the bike is finally working again.  Things happen. We just wanted them to own to the fact that the mechanic made a mistake and fix the bike. Instead they repeatedly tried to charge us for parts and service that were covered under warranty, showed a complete lack of initiative to resolve a problem that they caused, and ignored the symptoms only to waste time fixing parts that weren't broken.  Sorry to say we would strongly recommend you avoid Victory BMW's service department and watch any bills closely for false charges.
4	I took my 150cc scooter in for a check-up, ended up just needing a new battery. Long story short, after 2 backorders and the discovery that another easily obtainable battery could have been used, I was extremely frustrated. However, the mechanic handled the situation very professionally, and I do not feel ripped off in any way. They were trying to give my scooter an awesome battery with a 2-year no questions asked warranty. Frustrating, but I was very impressed with the professional manner and the swiftness that the situation was corrected.
1	I bought a new BMW f650gs twin two weeks ago (May 2012).  It was missing it's owner's manual so the sales person said he would order it "overnight".  I came in two days later to pick it up from the parts department and after 10 minutes of waiting, could not get the parts guy to help me.  Later that day I received a phone call that the manual hadn't even come in and that it would be in on Thursday.  I show up Friday and there are 3 guys at the parts and service counter.  I asked one of them if I could pick up my owners manual, and he said only the parts guy could help me.  The parts guy knew I was waiting but insisted on talking about his days riding Ducati motorcycles on flattracks to somebody ... on and on and on.  Finally I walked out, not happy.  I called my sales guy and asked him to send me the manual.  IIt finally arrived after two weeks ... maybe I took "invisibility" pills or something, because I had the exact same experience a year ago when I came in to check on some parts prices for my friend in Texas (no dealer at the time in his city).Update as of August, 2012.  After sending letters to the VP at BMW NA, I was finally about to resolve an outstanding issue - my BMW "Ride Smart" reward.  It took almost 2.5 months of nagging BMW corporate to rectify a few simple issues with my very expensive motorcycle purchase.  I have read so many great things about this dealer on the internet (e.g. BMW forums) but did not receive even a basic level of customer service and attention to two issues:  a missing manual (finally got it) and a missing reward for purchasing a new BMW (finally got it).  Because of this treatment, I will never buy another BMW product.  August 2012 update:  I made a video showing the good, bad and ugly of this motorcycle.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6koHzbDCCNk&list=UUSZgIbvZItJr78kHY3Y9wnA&index=5&feature=plcpUpdate 01/2013.  I have had multiple issues with my brand new BMW and finally have given up on Victory for any form of proper resolution.  BMW NA doesn't care.  I am so frustrated with this bike, I continue to make the payments, but have permanently parked it at my house in Jerome until I can have the time to work on it myself and correct all of the defects (hard starting, mid range sputter, tires losing pressure, heated grips not working).  BMW is the worst product I have ever purchased.  I did just buy a new Suzuki Bandit - now that's a quality product with no defects!  Every time I drive by Victory I have bad memories of paying more than full retail and getting no service or followup - I feel they cheated me and I can only hope Karma will ultimately knock on their door.Update 06/2013 - I have been using Go AZ for BMW issues I cannot resolve - they are an awesome dealer.  I will never step foot in the Victory dealership again.
5	I've purchased two bikes at Victory. (BMW motorcycle and a Piaggio scooter) Both from Tom the big guy that looks like a grizzly bear. Tom is always patient, knows his bikes and fits you with the right bike. My wife adores him. My bikes are always serviced there. The Victory folks are always honest and up front about the cost and discuss your options. I've had bad service a couple times over the years, but in each case the person that took care of me was not employed very long. Great bike shop!
4	I took my new bike (1200 GS/A) here for its 600 mile service.  Max was helpful in making my appointment and when I arrived, he received me promptly and the indoc was easy.  The bike's service was completed ontime as promised and everything transpired smoothly.  Their waiting room is comfortable and well stocked with magazines and they provided coffee and breakfast (donuts) for their Saturday AM customers.  I went back to Victory in the afternoon for some small parts for my paniers and the experience at the parts counter was also very good.  They had the parts in stock and I was able to walk out the dorr with the materials that I needed.  Thanks Victory.  My experience with your establishment was positive all around.
5	Another satisfying service visit. Had some new TKC80's installed.  Was quick to get in and quick to get out. Can't beat the donuts and coffee on Saturday morning visits. They installed the tires just perfectly and a couple of the service guys gave me some good pointers on testing various inflation levels to suit my size, load and planned riding style.  Thanks Victory!  I'll be back.
5	I ordered parts over the phone to have shipped to me, but then decided to have them do the installation as well on my 800GS.The parts and service counter were excellent in their service and attention to detail in ordering my parts and getting me into a service appointment.The service department had a bit of a struggle getting the old parts off, but I was kept informed, step by step during the process and given options on how to proceed. The service technician kept at it and was able to remove the stubborn part and proceed with the normal installation.Even though the service took about twice as long then quoted, the price did not go up. I was extremely thankful for that. Overall I was extremely impressed with the parts and service department and their communication skills and customer service.
5	I got new tires here for my BMW in the middle of a 9K ride. The prices were fair, and I liked the "free" install. Max in service is a true professional - friendly, knowledgeable, and provided excellent service. He rattled off information on my bike model from memory and explained some more technical concepts in terms I (as a newer rider) could understand.Other employees there were friendly as well, and it was nice to have free wifi as I waited. I would definitely come back here!
3	Seemingly nice guys but don't expect much.  This is basic and no frills:  bikes being sold with scratches, flaws, and without owners manuals nor service history.  The price is definitely the attraction (if they don't shaft you with service and handling fees).  These are guys with a Bud Lite and Beer Nuts mentality, lording over champagne and caviar products.  It will be a wonder if they are still around in 3 years.
1	I arrived on a Monday (yesterday) evening at 5:45 PM to drop off my bike for routine maintenance.  It should have been plenty of time to check the bike in.  Ummm.  No.  Posted hours are "close at 6 PM."  The employees were pulling out of the parking lot at 5:45 PM.  I had driven 40+ minutes from North Phoenix through rush hour.Guys...you're a major business, not a mom and pop bicycle shop.  You don't close early because you feel like it.  I should have been clued in a few weeks ago when I wanted to drop the same bike off on a Sunday (the website says "Sunday drop-off only."  Ummm.  Not true.  I luckily called to verify and the guy answering the phone said service is closed on Sunday.  He didn't know anything about the website and didn't care.So...fix your website to reflect the correct hours.  And...posted hours are not a suggestion, THEY'RE YOUR WORKING HOURS.I won't make that drive again.  Make sure you call.  If they can't manage their website, I'm not sure how they manage their business.
