5	Community Thrift you were, without fail, the gem of my thrifting adventure. It was near deserted when we arrived. Parking was a breeze.Walking up the ramp to the door I don't think I could have imagined the sheer size of the inside of this store. There are multiple cases of "high dollar" goods, next too a room of holiday decor. The main room is a sprawling mecca of well organized clothing and various types of home, childrens, and other items.I ended up doing the majority of my thrifting here. Just as soon as I had decided that I wasn't doing any more shopping I'd see something else that I just couldn't pass up. Not only do they have a selection that makes your head spin, but they also offer discounts by colored tag each day. This can be as much as 50% off the tag price. The day I was there they had two 50% off colors and a 25% off color. Talk about a deal. When you check out they offer you a discount coupon based on the amount of money you spend. 1$ off and they're good for 11 days or so. It may be my new favorite thrift store.
5	I've been back twice since my initial visit and I've only found one blemish on my shining gem of thrift-dom. Upon my second visit when I wanted to buy some work pants and jeans to cut into shorts... There is no dressing room. This place is huge inside and they some how don't have any space for a dressing room?!? It was suggested by an employee to "pick an empty isle and be discrete" which I'm almost an expert at!! I'm just surprised that a thrift store with so much in the way of clothes and open space doesn't have a dressing room.
2	This place has a good selection and its big. The positive remarks end there. Here are negatives: Anything remotely good is triple the price, everything is final sale, and the clincher, there is NO dressing room. I'll do my bargain hunting elsewhere, thanks.
4	This thrift store has a huge selection. It's not fancy by any means... No fitting rooms, dark and dingy. But they have a lot of stuff and lots of nicer brands to be found. Now they do pull some of their nicer stuff and price it kinda high, but that's typical at most thrift stories nowadays. But I still have found some very nice gems hidden in the racks. The plus size and babies/kids sections are large and usually have a nice selection. Downsides: no fitting room and mirrors on the floor are few and far between; clothing is not sized so you have to dig though everything; parking can get a bit tight. Otherwise, this is a thrift shop I frequent when I'm in the area.
5	This is a huge thrift store that is about as organized as I have ever seen a thrift store be! It has a huge selection of almost any single item you are looking for. Be careful, you can easily spend an entire afternoon lost  in a treasure hunt! Great prices and pretty decent condition of most of the items, too! I will continue to go back and search for new  treasures!
