4	YC's is great in that you control the taste of your food.  The downside of that however, is that if you don't make a good flavorful combination, you're stuck with it (unless you go buffet-style).  At YC's they have a standard price for a bowl of stir-fry, but for an extra dollar you can have it all-you-can-eat.  The price they charge for a bowl includes drink and dessert, which is nice.  Unless you haven't eaten in days, I would recommend sticking to the single bowl since that is more than enough food for one person. They have a pretty wide selection of meats, such as beef, pork, chicken, and turkey.  At dinnertime they bring out cod.  I do wish they had shrimp as one of the stir-fry ingredients though, since they have such a limited selection of seafood.  YC's has a good selection for vegetarians too, since they have a wide array of vegetables, and have tofu for those wanting a little more protein in their meal.  For those that prefer rice over noodles, they have white rice and brown rice at the counter where the soda fountain is.  They also have soup at the counter.Once you've stuffed yourself silly with your own tasty concoction of stir-fry, you can head over to the ice cream machine for some soft-serve.  If you can't finish your meal, they do have take-out boxes, but they charge a small fee for them (a dollar I think).
3	While I love the concept of the mongolian bbq restaurant, YC's is not even close to being a truly good one. The food is alright - you make your own stir-fry from the raw ingredients and the guys cook it up for you. The service is great. Prompt seating, attentive wait staff, etc.But where I really have beef (no pun intended) with this place, is with their meat selection. The raw meats and poultry are presented in this freeze-dried, thinly shaved manner, making it difficult to a) put enough in your plate, and b) really tell if it is good quality or crap meat.The dessert - well, it's a frozen yogurt machine in the corner. I don't know - I guess I have been spoiled by BD's Mongolian in Ohio. Fresh meats, more upscale environment, and desserts beyond a frozen yogurt machine...Eh.. I'd probably eat here again but only if I were in a group and the majority rule dictated it. I wouldn't choose to go there again given the choice.
4	Mmmmm, their mongolian beef one is really good.  Tender meat, perfectly salted peanuts amongst flavorful noodles!!  Can't wait to try this again!!!
4	I have eaten here a few times.  We always get there right before 5:00 when the prices change from lunch to dinner.  They do offer menu items, and then have a bar of veggies and meats and sauces at the end.  They have instructions on how you can create certain sauces.I have found it a little loud at times, and not very much for children to eat there.  For that reason we do not frequent there much now.
4	Yc's is so great that I frequently go there for lunch with my coworkers. I suggest getting there around 11 a.m. (or after 1 p.m.) to beat the lunch crowd because the line will often extend out of the door by noon. The atmosphere is lively during lunch and the lunch crowd is comprised of a diverse range of folks, from high schoolers, college kids, to professionals and the elderly. I wouldn't suggest going there for a power lunch business meeting because it can be hard to hear over the rabble at times. The meat is frozen in thin strips, but I actually like that because it means I can cram more in the plate! Use the waxed paper that's placed off to the side to avoid touching the uncooked meats while you squish them down in your plate to get value for your money. Do the same with the vegs you add -- you're not going to care once your meal has been cooked and it's subsequently being consumed and digested! Stick to the recipes unless you feel comfortable experimenting with the sauces, etc., and can cope with, or enjoy, the results. I've found that Mongolian BBQ works out well for kids. They all seem to enjoy being able to participate in making their own dinners. Definitely stick with one of the milder recipes, though, and go easy on the chili sauce or CPS may pay you a visit.All in all, I've always had a very positive experience at the restaurant and rate it with four stars as a result.
4	This is the only reliable Mongolian bbq place I've found locally. This is a great place to go for a quick lunch that's not fast food and not overpriced. For about $7.50, you can get a huge bowl of food, a cup of soup, a drink, and a to go box to take your leftovers with you. I usually get two meals out of one visit here. The dining area is always clean. Nice outdoor patio.
4	There was a place called JP Lee in NJ and we used to eat and I loved it. I thought I would never find it again, but then I did with YC's. Same shit.Here is a couple of tricks.  Ask for water chestnuts during the day, they will get them from the back. Make the meal so much better.Here is my Bowl of YC's Krunk Slop that I love:Pork and Chicken in bowlCover with onion and one scoop of winepat downput veggies on. I go for water chestnuts and Bamboo shootsThen 2 scoops:hunanthaiyc's ownsoygarlicseame oilsprinkle chili oilput noodles on top.  (Egg noodles)do all sauces again.then put on the flat grill.  Tell them NO WATER.  Water dilutes the sauce and seasoning.  This is a must eat.
4	I love YCs. My wife doesn't like going with me cause she is  embarrassed by how high I stack my bowl. I stack it to the point that when they are done cooking it they need to use 2 bowls! Don't be ashamed people! Stack as high as you possibly can. You will have left overs for a week. The ingredients are always fresh and I always get the Mongolian combo of sauces. They are great. Also, make yourself a bowl of brown rice and put a scoop of the chicken soup in it. Its awesome and free!
4	This was so good I wonder why Mongolian BBQ hasn't sprung up in every city (hint, hint Alabama!) When you go in you pay for either a small bowl ($9) or a large bowl ($10). I got the small bowl and still had enough left over for another meal. The ingredients are spread out in a buffet. You go along the buffet and fill your bowl with whatever you like. I chose chicken, lots of veggies and rice noodles. The trick, from what I can tell is to shove as much food in your bowl and then using the handy wax paper they leave out for you, smash it down into your bowl so you can fit even more in! At the end of the buffet are tubs of different sauces and a chalkboard with  instructions for different combinations. I am a bit of a traditionalist and mixed up the Mongolian sauce. You then hand your embarrassingly heaping bowl to the cooks who quickly stir fry it for you and then hand it back.Can I just say oh my God was this delicious without sounding vain because really I sort of cooked it myself? The ingredients were super fresh!  There is also a small bar with soup and rice, but I wouldn't waste my time with those if I were you! The BBQ was delicious and fun to prepare!
5	It's simple: if you love Mongolian BBQ, you'll love this place. It's delicious. The quality is always top notch, and with the ability to create many dishes from the various ingredients, it's entirely possible to never have the same meal twice. Plus, I can get the big bowl, eat my meal, and take the rest home for another meal or two later on. That's a definite win.
5	How could you not like this place? You know what you like so you make your dish EXACTLY how you want it. The staff gets an A+ for being friendly and helpful.I'd recommend piling as much as you can onto your plate when picking through the buffett line.  They give wax paper out at the beginning of the line to help compress the food prior to cooking.
4	My family and I really enjoy eating here.  Where else can you play with your food and not get in trouble?  Don't forget to purchase your doggy bag before you leave the register ($0.50)!  Trust me, you'll need it.  Yummy Asian food that you can make anyway you like!  Make sure to use more meat than you think you have if its your first time.  It is afterall the amazing shrinking meat.  Lots of choices in meat, vegetarian options, noodles, and sauces.  Once your plate is cooked, you can head over to get some rice or ice cream too!  This meal typically last three days for us.  And for $10!The only reasons it did not get 5 stars from me is it isn't always quick service at the cooking stations and buffet area tends to get messy if not frequently checked on.  But it is a buffet, so I guess that is expected.
4	I'm so happy that I found a good Mongolian grill!  I used to go to them all the time when I lived in Washington and I was worried I wouldn't be able to since I moved.  I actually went her on accident, I couldn't find the place I had been planning on going to so I went here instead.  That turned out to be a very good idea.It's only about $10 and you can go through the buffet as much as you like, there's a couple different soups you can get, drinks and an ice cream machine too.  The bowls for the meats and veggies are HUGE!  It was nice being able to fit everything I wanted into the bowl the first time and not having to make multiple trips.  They have a very large variety of sauces and a sort of menu of how many spoonfulls of each different flavor you need to make specific sauces (orange sauce, teriyaki, etc.).The staff was all friendly and made sure that everyone knew how it worked and gave recommendations for the sauces.  The guys grilling the food were really fast too, not that I would mind if it was slow since it's so much fun watching them cook everything.The food itself was sooo good!  I don't know if it was the mixture of sauces I used or  the noodles or what but it was better than the other Mongolian restaurants I'd been to before.  I'm definately going to be returning here although next time it will be on purpose!
2	I'm really bummed, Yelpers.  I spent a solid 8 years in New York City where, shockingly, they don't have Mongolian BBQ of any kind.  I might as well ask for a unicorn as much as ask someone for Mongolian BBQ.  Growing up, we used to go to this exceptional place in Virginia Beach called the Genghis Khan that was the benchmark for all of my subsequent mongolian BBQ experiences.  It was all you can eat, fresh, tasty and came with delicious soup and this crazy homemade sesame bread (I know - sounds weird from an Asian restaurant, but this bread recipe was super authentic to the region, apparently).  Long story short, my idea of Mongolian BBQ is apparently a far cry from YC's.Don't get me wrong - the meat and veggies are fresh, the place is super clean and the service is quick.  But shouldn't all of that be a given?  The myriad sauce options are a bit overwhelming if you don't know what you're doing (I was ok saucing for myself, but my husband was confused - good places have a person whom you tell how you'd like it and then sauce for you).  Since the place isn't all you can eat, if you mess up your sauce on the first go, you're stuck with your dish.  Major bummer.In addition, the whole concept of cramming as much food into a bowl as possible with wax paper and strategizing on how to get the most bang for your buck is really off-putting.  Shouldn't you be able to try different things, graze and casually eat without having to think out your choices like a friggin' game of chess?  Or have to worry about getting a doggie bag for later?  YC's should be a game show the way people scramble to fit as much as they can in a bowl.The soups are odd - seemingly leftovers from the buffet mixed with broth and then called "wonton" or "spicy beef".  The crispy noodles were stale and tasted of used oil.  We didn't even bother with the frozen yogurt.A friend who's lived here all his life heard of my search for good Mongolian BBQ and responded "Why?  It's horrible."  I was kind of shocked given that a) he's a good eater and food critic and b) all of my collective experience having Mongolian BBQ up to my going to YC's had been so very good.  I just didn't understand.  Now I'm wondering if YC's is the area's benchmark for which all Mongolian BBQ should be compared to, maybe I should just give up.  It's just not that good at all, and this coming from the girl who'd break off both sets of arms and legs to have even a decent bowl of Mongolian BBQ at this point.No fair, YC's. No fair.
5	I very rarely give out 5 stars so here is why I do for this place...First off the people are friendly and that is really great...Also, the ingredients are always fresh, the cook staff are fast, and everything is delicious.  If you are a newbie, follow a recipe... If you are adventurous, try lots of YC's own, black bean, Garlic, Szechwan, and a little sesame oil. I started out on Kublai's Mongolian BBQ in Hong Kong.If I had one thing to change or add to YC's it would be to include an egg as an ingredient, white rice as an ingredient, and fried tofu as well.Great place!!
5	Pack a Bowl. Love this place! Super nice staff, the manager always comes by and asks how things are going. Love the price and condiments are plentiful. I always have leftovers and they make for a great meal later that night! Packing a Bowl is an art forum and I have my technique down. Years of practice ya know. You have to crawl before you walk. Get some!
5	Absolutely loved it. Finally Mongolian Bbq that gets it right. You walk in and you're greeted by friendly staff, at least I have on both visits this past week. You decide if you want the small or large bowl and whether or not you want a return trip to the grill. If you do it right, you only need one trip but its really good so if you're really hungry or want to overindulge by all means pay the extra buck something and go for two. Fill your bowl with the meat, vegetables, & sauces of choice, pressing the contents of your bowl down with the supplied wax paper sheet to get all you can in the bowl as it'll condense greatly on the grill. They have recipes on the board you can copy or create your own. A staff person can help you create it if you have questions. Hand to the guy at the grill and he'll mesh all the flavors together, and hand it back to you steaming hot. Grab some spicy beef soup (taste like egg drop with beef bouillon with some kick to me) and you're all set. Free yogurt cone (dinner only) tops it off nicely.
4	As far as Mongolian BBQ places go, YC's is pretty damn good if you pick the right combination of sauces.Basically, you can get a bowl for 10.75 or you can pay an extra dollar and get all you can eat. It really depends how you feel. You can try different varieties of sauces and just get small portions throughout or you can pack it into one bowl and hope that you pick the right sauce that you like.I got the all you can eat because... it's only a dollar more. I ended up getting only two bowls worth, but I honestly don't miss that dollar. They offer a variety of meats - beef, chicken, pork and fish. I was really disappointed that they didn't have lamb because most places I've been to do. They also have a good amount of vegetables. I usually add bean sprouts, celery, spinach, onions (lots and lots of onions), mushrooms and scallions. Sauces - LOOK AT THE BOARD. I guess some people miss it, but they give you a good number of combinations you can do to make the type of sauce you want. Curry, orange, thai, sweet and sour, mongolian, etc etc. I got the X-pao which basically is a mongolian sauce with a kick. I added some hot chili oil to put in some more, but I like spicy food. I really liked the X-pao, definite recommendation.On the side, they offer some rice, soup and some wonton chips with sweet and sour sauce. Drinks and dessert (ice cream) come with the meal. Grab it and enjoy! (Only warning is that this place is greasy... as all mongolian bbq places I've been to are, so go in there knowing that!)
4	The portions here are huge! Usually, mongolian bbq places give you a tiny bowl and I find all kinds of ways to maximize the space but here I pretty much don't need to. (although I still do and I end up with 2 big takeout boxes. haha) besides that, they give you rice and soup. so it's a good deal.I'll tell you my secret: first you unroll the frozen pieces of meat and you flatten them with your napkin. Cover the bottom of the bowl. then you line broccoli with the heads pointed out of the bowl all around the rim. This makes your bowl bigger. then you pile up everything else you want on top. haha. :D
5	Got here around 7pm, the cashier got to us fast, asked if we knew what to do, and we were on or way to snag some yummy Mongolion Grill food!!!There wasn't a long wait in line to grab food, or a long wait for them to cook your food! The resturaunt is clean, and the interior is roomy and doesn't feel cramped. They have vanilla, chocolate, or the vanilla chocolate swirl froyo in a cup or cone included with your meal.The on on McClintock can't compare, but they are usually backed up with families. Since this location is a little more "hidden" you can enjoy a quiet night with family or friends while you enjoy your meal :)
4	I was looking for an alternative to Pei Wei for dinner and found this place on yelp.For two adults and three kids 10 and under it ran me about 34.50.  Because I have kids and I'm in school right now, budget is an issue.  Even though this the restaurant is listed as a less expensive restaurant, 34.50 was still a little more than I would like to spend.  I mean, I can do 20.00 bucks at most pizza places with a coupon or if I just go to In-n-Out.  Still, it was cheaper than if I went to Macaroni Grill.At any rate, the cashier was friendly and helped us since it was our first trip there.  You go straight down an isle the same way you do at Sweet Tomatoes, loading up your toppings into a big bowl.  Although previous reviews said you can do all you can eat on this portion if you pay an extra dollar, I didn't see it listed on the menu.  No worries, if you need more than one trip you either didn't fill up your bowl enough or  you have a freaky huge stomach.  I was trying to figure out how much to fill up my bowl and watched other customers overflowing their bowls to look like atomic mushroom clouds (with the frozen noodles last), so that is the way to do it. My first sight of someone doing this was a woman and I say loudly "hey, that lady has it going on!", and my wife shot me a glance I realized that hadn't come out like I had intended and I was in fact talking about the bowl of food the lady had--hey, I was starving and my enthusiasm got ahead of my brain.The ingredients were fairly standard for what I've seen at Mongolian bbq places in the past, about 20-25 main ingredients.  Chances are they all taste the same anyway after they get cooked so it doesn't really matter what you pick.The part that would have thrown me off is the sauce bar.  I'd probably still be there a day later trying to figure out what I'm supposed to be using if it weren't for the cashier swooping in and hooking me up.  She asked me if I liked it hot and then she started sloshing sauces across my bowl as if she were the sorcerers apprentice.  It turns out she was following a recipe posted on the board called fiery Hunan or something close to that.  There were about 14 recipes on the board. You just pick the flavor that sounds best to you and throw on those sauces.  At any rate, she threw on a swirl of chili oil in addition to what the recipe said, so it was extra spicy, which is what I requested.What YOU want to know is if the food was good.  Well, that dish I got was to die for.  My wife and kids were happy with theirs too.  They got curry, teriyaki, and flavors like that.  I tested theirs too, but honestly, mine was the bomb.The other items they have at the restaurant count as buffet style food.  Included in the meal purchase are rice, soup, fried chips of some sort (wontons?), and drinks.  They were all good.  Plus there is a frozen yogurt machine that my daughter visited 3 times and visited twice.When all is said and done, I liked the food quite a bit and would like to go back again.
1	I have been to a buffet like this before, but I will never go to this particular one again. The food all looked fresh as we went through the food line selecting our favorites and stacking our bowl to the sky. We selected our sauces and turned it over to the grill. The cook doused our dishes with water, quickly cooked the ingredients, and returned them in a new bowl. There is a selection of crispy wonton bits, rice and soups for you to add to your tray at no cost. I selected no rice as they were all old and burnt to the pan. I chose the hot and sour soup because it is ma favorite. Free-range and refills on beverages. Sat down to eat, was not impressed. I could not muster to try a second spoon of the soup as it was absolutely disgusting. The bowl of ingredients were all bland, perhaps from the overuse of water at grilling, and I am almost certain the tofu had gone bad, The slivers of meat that my husband had selected tasted fowl as well. We obviously did not get to far into our meal before leaving. Had we not already paid there would have been several complaints from me, and changes in selections. We could have taken the left overs home, but opted to leave them instead. Suffice to say, I do NOT recommend.
5	One the best restaurants around. Of course, since you are the chef, I encourage newbies to follow the instructions on the board for the sauces or you will be the only cook  you can blame for the bad experience. I have my favorite combination of sauces for the best taste. Occasionally a long line but, who wants to eat at a restaurant that no one likes?A must eat
4	This was my first time at this location. Normally I dine at the one on indian bend. Maybe it was just me but the "buffet" had fewer options. I got my food to go. I got the large bowl and filled it to the point I could barely carry my tray. I ended up with two large containers, plus a small container for rice, and a drink. The gentleman at the door was very helpful. He asked if I wanted a container for soup, I didn't because the soups were not vegetarian. I would like to see them have one meat based and one without. Other than that they definitely carter to vegetarians, they have a card you can take so the guys will clean the grill prior to preparing your food in case of allergies or you simply don't want your tofo/veggie creation cooked in meat. I would also prefer little cups to pour my sauces in rather than in the bowl to gain a better picture of how much sauce I'm using vs actually need. For just under ten dollars I have food for 2-3 meals.
2	Ok so I love me some Mongolian stir fry. My friend showed me how to pack the food down and stack it up high. We took our food to go since the girls were sitting in the car... Simmer down people the ac was still on :) Anyways when we got o my friends house I was so excited for this it smelt so damn delicious... The taste was up to what I was hoping for. What I was not hoping for was the worst stomachache and cramps ever 20 min after eating. I mean sure it could have been a fluke but maybe other people don't want to talk about their stomach issues but I have no shame. Well same thing happened to my friend. So I'm thinking it's not a coincidence. I may go back but only to test the theory. I'll take my nemisus here but wouldn't take  someone I was trying to impress...
1	down grading to a one star due to the fact that I have had a few people email me on here letting me know they too have gotten sick from this place! Eat at your own risk! Don't say I didn't warn you
5	I just love this place. Every time you go you can put a new twist on your meal by changing up the make-up of your sauce. I always get a small bowl. You can still get way too much food and save money all at the same time.
4	I do not understand why some people are giving this place an low rating. The food here is very good, very fresh and the soups are very tasty. A small bowl was $8.95 and a large bowl is $9.95. You basically try to stuff as much food as high as you legally can into this small bowl and have the chiefs cook the food in front of you, with 2 GIANT STICKS. Who doesn't think that is cool? It's pretty fun and challenging.Anyways, The sauces there are excellent and have many variety of choices. There is a person on standby to assist you in choosing the correct sauce for your meal, in case you don't know what to pick. Avoiding an sauce mix up disaster. Eating here is significantly better than eating at an fast food restaurant. Also drinks, and soups are free. Including refills.Service at this restaurant is excellent, 5/5 Stars.The waiters are very consistent, helpful and very aware of your needs. 50 Cents to order an take out box. Not a big deal. Not to mention, the girls who work there are cute.To sum up: Pros: Excellent Customer Service, Fun to go with a group of friends to try to out stack everybody else. Free refills on soup and drinks. Chief cooks for you with 2 sticks. Good value (if you can stack the food high) I recommend this restaurant, if your up for something new.Cons: If you are new to this restaurant, and you don't know how to stack up the food, This may not be a good value to you. or if you prefer an real restaurant vs this type of restaurant. The food isn't as good as an normal restaurant, but given that this isn't an normal restaurant, This is not an drawback.
5	I am a huge fan of YC's. I work right next to this location, so we frequent it for lunch. My favorite thing about YC's is not only the fact that the food is fantastic, but they let you pile the food as high as you can. It's always a competition amongst my co workers to see who can stack their food the highest. You just have to buy a $.50 cent to go box and you have lunch for the next day. The staff is always super friendly, the restaurant is clean, and the variety of food never disappoints. I have absolutely no complaints for YC's.
4	Holy crap! just tried this place out for the first time. I had a gift card for ten bux and decided to use it. This place is the shit! I am soo stuffed as I write this up. You walk in and the bubbly hostess/mgr offered our assistance b/c we had no clue what to do. Very clean place. She walked me through the line to show us how to add the protein of your choice (freeze dried?) and all the veggies, noodles and she added my sauce concoction. I chose dark meat chix, chix breast, tofu and beef. For veggies onions, mushrooms, brocc, tofu, whole wheat noodles, rice noodles and whatever else I could pile on. Than I told her I like Sweet and hot sauces so she added mine on top. you swing to the cook and he takes your plate which at this point you can add pineapple, peanuts, cilantro. 4 min later walla food is done! you can go to the bar and get soup, crunchy Chinese wonton thingy's (the best) and a drink. Dessert is froyo!!!! all for $8. Go hungry and take home leftovers. I did!
2	This isnt the worst food I have ever tried but I definitly will NOT be going back there anytime soon.I dont know how fresh the vegetables are but it is a good alternative to fast food. The meat is frozen and kinda grossed me out so I recommend the tofu, although I cant speak for its quality.The service was fast and you get to decide how much of each ingredient you want.
2	This place really isn't bad. It just isn't great. If are going to go to any kind of chain restaurant then YC's is probably a good choice. You get to pick your raw ingredients and they cook em up for you right there. The food tasted pretty good but as far as the quality of the raw ingredients I wasn't very impressed. I actually would recommend this place for someone looking for a very fast meal (since the wait time is close to zero), and it's true that it's healthier than a burger joint, but I guess my bar for "healthy food" is just much higher than this place.
4	The food is fresh (except the meat, which is frozen, which is what knocked the place down a star) and the service is good. For around $9 you can have a bowl full of food, white or brown rice, soup, fried noodles and a drink. The place is clean and you can make your dish however you like.
2	We used to come here all of the time, when it was cheaper. Over the last year the prices of YC's has jumped up over two bucks. That's way too large of an increase for just one year. It is now $11.50 to eat dinner here. Even the lunch prices are outrageous, $9.50 for one trip. We stopped coming in awhile ago just because of the prices.I always liked the food though. Vegetarians FYI, there is seafood stock in the YC's own sauce. I didn't know that originally but found out a few months after being vegetarian after I contacted the corporate office. They told me that the fish sauce and the YC's own sauce are the only two sauces with animal ingredients. Their veggies always seemed decent though.Here is a tip: If you pack your bowl super full, enough that you know you can't eat it all, get your food to go. I would do this and they would put all of my food in two containers and I wouldn't have to pay the extra $.50 for the take out container they charge.
2	I think this is my last time coming here.  I used to love YC's and went frequently.  In the last few years I have been put off by the price and it just seems like the taste isn't all that great.  Granted we create our own food through the buffet but I don't think I varied a great deal on my selections, including sauces.  I went yesterday and first of all was totally put off by the price!  11.50?!?!?  It's been creeping up there but this was outrageous and I think I was literally 5 min into the "dinner time" (after 5p).  After that the first thing I noticed was the bowls were smaller (smaller metal bowls).  I was trying to cut back but by the time I was done with veggies and meat my bowl was overflowing.  Then I noticed that the bowls they put the cooked food in were much larger.  I'm not trying to feed the block but for 11.50 I should get a bowl that will fit the food I want (the cooked food didn't fill the large bowl at all).  Or maybe be allowed to use a second bowl for the noodles or something. I ended up sitting in one of the booths along the wall.  Unfortunately a group of their young employees (my guess was they were teenagers, maybe young 20's) sat behind me and were goofing off, loud and had some really foul language.  I ended up having to move to the other side of the restaurant.  There were only 3 other groups of people in the place and they had to sit by customers?  Very unprofessional. I understand there was downtime but no one ever wants F-this or F-that as their soundtrack especially when it is coming from the employees of the establishment. Finally I went to leave and I while I hoped that the price of the food for dinner would include a box, not so much.  So another $0.50 for that (I've always really hated that they charge for this, especially knowing the high chances of people needing to take home the food).  I've given the place a shot but I don't like what it's become and there is a different mongolian place that just opened by my house that I will probably try the next time I get in the mood for it.  Sorry YC's this is the end of our relationship. :(
5	I emailed the company just to let them know about my experience and the employees that were acting so unprofessional.  I was contacted (hadn't expected that) and was very impressed at the customer service and concern over my experience.  It restores some of my faith in customer service in general and in the care this manager had for his company.  I will give them another chance. 5 stars for this managers response and handling of the situation.
4	This place is awesome and fun! Pack up a gigantic bowl of all-you-can-choose meats/veg/fish and self pick a mix of sauces , finally looking at Mongolians fried them all! YUM! Very complacent with the amount and variety of food. :))) This is perfect for a tired and hungry traveller.
4	This place holds such a special piece of my heart. I've been eating at YC's since I was a little kid. Back when they only had the one location on McClintock...old school. Ive eaten here so many times, Im pretty sure that I am personally responsible for their being able to open two other shops around the valley.When I was in high school, my youth group made this place their chapter eatery and I literally ate here every single Wednesday night. It also became a tradition to stop in here after a long weekend convention. Now that Im all grown up and advising for that youth group, it comes as no surprise to me that the tradition has continued with the chapter who still comes after each large regional event.I love the food here, and its a bit of an experience. The first time you go, you should try to go with someone whose been before and has some experience. The price isn't cheap, but it justifiable if you know what you're doing. Ill give you a few hints: 1) Pile it high...REALLY high!. Not kidding. WAY above the edge of the bowl. If its a challenge for your noodles on top to balance, then you've done it right. This should wind up being 2 or more meals for you. 2) Get a separate bowl for your sauces. A lot of sauce is your friend because so much of it is going to be cooked off. 3) Try to avoid veggies that cook down too much like cabbage and spinach. Too much of it is gonna turn your mountain-o-food into a bite-size portion. 4) If you like as much broccoli as I do (thats a lot people), ask them to cook yours "well-done". Otherwise the stems on the broc dont cook all the way through. 5) Syrup. One of the "sauces" is syrup. Dont underestimate this because it will make your sauce nice and thick and awesome. The rest of the experience you will have to figure out for yourself ;-)So why not 5 stars? Well its simple. I dont get to come all that often any more now that I live in Tucson. Every time Ive been more recently, it seems theyve figured out a new way to make a bigger profit at the expense of their customers. First, a long time ago, they started charging for ice cream. Then they started charging for to-go containers. Then they got rid of the "return visits allowed". Most recently, they got new smaller bowls. They've also raised the base price probably 4 or 5 times since I was younger.One other thing I will warn you of, and I apologize for the graphic nature of this, but this place gives me (and all my friends) some serious shits. Theres nothing wrong with the food or how they cook it, but for some reason it just happens. The fact that its still worth it for me, in my honest opinion, should speak volumes about how much I must like this place.  Great option for vegetarians (beware fish sauce in the YC's own) and meat-eaters alike. I will continue to come back as long as Im around and/or they are.
5	This place is great! A coworker and I stopped in for lunch this afternoon and was blown away by both the food and staff.You get a large bowl from the cashier and can personally stuff whatever meat, veggies and garnish you want. Then, mix a neat selection of sauces. Finally, watch the entertaining chefs cook your meal on a large heated stone.Everything comes out fresh, hot and delicious! Want a tip? Use the wax paper next to the chicken to "stuff" your bowl. Everything will shrink when cooked and this will allow you to have a bigger meal for the same price.
3	There are a lot of reviews of YCs and they seem to be pretty accurate but I will throw my opinion into the mix. YCs is a really fun place. All of the employees seem to really like working there and they are always exceptionally friendly. The food portions are enormous if you pack it down into your bowl (I recommend doing son). Get a small bowl on the side for your sauce (you don't have to fit that into your mess of veggies and meat)! and that makes everything a lot easier.As for flavor I think it's pretty good. I don't recommend going off in your own direction on the sauce, follow their recipes. Every time I've done one on my own it hasn't been as good.If you like this concept though and want more for taste then go to Genghis Grill. The portion is slightly smaller but the taste is much better.
3	Does YC's stand for "yucky chinese?" That's what I'm wondering as I am slowly trying to put down this food. This is such a fun and exciting concept, and the service was beyond amazing, but wow... this "food!" My sauce to meat/noodles/vegetables ratio is about 100:2. Being that you're supposed to choose your own food/sauce, including the amount, it should be my fault; however, the nice young lady who works there made my sauce. There's a menu board of how to make your sauces, but since there are two meal sizes you can choose from, I think they need to re-doctor those recipes to fit each of the sizes. I feel like I'm eating spicy soy and sesame sauce soup.  I think the price is pretty reasonable for everything you get: meal, drink, soup, great service.YC, re-doctor your sauce recipe and I may consider my return.
3	I love me some Mongolian barbeque! Real Mongolian though. This is very very close. But for some odd reason it never comes out as mouthwatering as the ones from the buffets do when its cheaper too!  So every time i go to a YCS (which is not usual now) at the back of my mind as i am eating i think why did i come here this is so expensive for something that isn't as great as another place that is 2-4 dollars less for all you can eat?! YCS even charges for a to go box REALLY?! REALLY YCS?? You want to charge me because i actually got somewhat full? You can expect my presence to be scarce! It is a disappointment to me really. I would rather pay for all you can eat with mouth watering quality Mongolian than someone who charges for every little thing. What are you gonna do next YCS? charge for a ladle of soy sauce?! Jiminey Christmas!UGH
4	OK, this place has always been pretty good, and is great if you know the ingredients/flavors you like, but don't want to cook it yourself (Like at a Hot Pot place).I have never written a review because I was eating there before I had ever visited Yelp, but recently they added a new "Thai Peanut Chili Sauce" and several seasonings that you can add to your food (IE: lemon pepper, cumin, and some combination spices).  This is a great improvement, and really increased my impression of their overall quality.With these new improvements, I would say YC's is the best Mongolian BBQ I have personally had.
4	YC's is the best Mongolian BBQ restaurant on this side of the valley.  Yes the meats are shaved and frozen, but that never really bothered me when I used to eat meat.  To tell the truth the other places that don't have super cold meat kind of freak me out.  The staff at this location are always really nice and help out all the new new people who have never been before.  I have taken several friends when they come from out of town and they always think it's a cool place.  The lunch bar is pretty great and always quick and fresh to get in and out of for me. For Dinner they have more options which is kinda cool, but disappointing since I always go for lunch. I'm not sure how many different combos there are for sauce, but there ate several boards listing all the combos.  They all seem to taste similar though no matter how I mix them up.  Which isn't necessarily a bad thing.  The standard menu includes rice, soup, and desert ( FROYO like Ice Cream ) which is a fairly good deal.I highly recommend this location.
5	My boyfriend and I come here after we fight! It's actual therapy... we leave happy.  The food is incredible, the mood is nice and quiet, and you don't wait for ever...
4	This is good mongolian for a chain-like restaurant.  I have been here a fews times and I was very happy with the service, and freshness of the food!  I'll be back again. Oh be sure to fill your sauce bowl up to about 3/4 so you selection of flavors dont get watered down.
5	Excellent food, reasonable prices, and solid service.  The cost of the buffet/ unlimited around is $12.50 and includes drinks.  The food was all pretty fresh and the wait was minimal.I will definitely return for some more Mongolian BBQ!
4	Man have I missed this place, and was glad to see they are still open.  I used to go to the one at metrocenter a LLLLLOOOOONNNNNGGGGG tome ago, so I was psyched to find this one out near where i was staying.  I have to say it was even better than i remembered.  Keep up the good work YCs!
4	I love YC's, love that you can pick your items, your sauce and give it to them to cook. Went out on a Friday with a friend that moved to the valley a few months back, I like exposing her to places she might not try on her own. I got my bowl, filled it up with beef & chicken tons of veggies, showed my friend that we can use each other's bowls to mush our pile of food, and added some noodles to my dish, got some chili oil and made a sauce mixture. Walked it over to the grill, hit with pineapples & cilantro and handed it over to let the magic begin! I got a small bowl of brown rice, I like that you can pick too, either brown or white, some of the fried won tons and sweet & sour cause and had me a good meal! I don't think I have ever had a bad meal at YC's. Everything comes out perfectly delish! Oh yes and my friend, she loved it too!
4	I love this place. You can pick your meats, veggies, noodles and sauce. You can make it the way that you like it and not feel like you have to pick things out that you don't like. This is what you do to get the cheapest food ever. So you pay 10.50 for a togo meal. Which includes a drink, soup, rice and your food. Grab and bowl and start piling you food and I mean pile. Basically what fits in you bowl is yours. You usually end up with 2 sometimes even 3 or 4 meals this was. I have seen bowl that make me wonder how that even fits. Anywho..... If you end up with 3 meals then in reality you only paid 3.50 per meal.
4	I go here with my pals from my Camaro Car Club when we're at the Pavilions and its a great place to grab some grub and chow down. The staff is very friendly and they keep the place hopping. Good food for the price and the next thing you know you've got a hot plate of food and cooked in front of your very eyes. Way to go YC's! I'm definitely a fan that's for sure and look forward to seeing you again soon!
5	I have tried every other mongolian bbq in the valley and none compare to YC's. It is just plain better. Price is right for the portion. I pay extra for the box and go nutts at the line and take home the extra. Meat is always the best quality, the veggies are always fresh. Though busy at peak times, they always get you through the line quick. YC's needs a seafood night with lobster and shrimp etc. I'd pay allot more a coupel times a month to step it up.As for the frozen yogurt, don't bother. They need to pick up the brand Sweet Tomatoes uses and add a little fixin bar and I would pay the extra for dessert.
5	There is a reason YCs is better than a place like Genghis Grill. The reason isnt the meat or the vegetables. Its the fact that you can take it to go. And some say oh you only get to go up once. But that only makes it better, half of the fun is making your plate as big and high as possible. And lets be honest going up many times you are still not getting as much as you do when you get to take it to go. Its smart marketing by Genghis Grill but you really arent getting the same amount as you would at YCs. YCs does taste great and It is the only place that I consistently go on a weekly basis. Even if it is a little expensive it is totally worth it.
5	Lots of variety. Yummy sauces to mix. Excellent staff. Great prices
5	Every time I go to YC''s I always have a great experience. Service is great, food is good, place is always clean! The price is the best because it's not expensive but the food is awesome. Making your own sauces is a fun experience also.
5	One of my friends took my to YC's years ago during my time at ASU. I was skeptical and scared to try something new. Since then this has remained one of my favorite places to eat.The place looks very confusing to new comers, so it's always good to go with a YC's veteran to show you the ropes. :) Take as much meat as you want, as much veggies, noodles and then it's up to you to make your own mixture of saucy goodness before handing it over to the good people that man the frying station. They have a plethora of great ingredients to make a delicious sauce for your stir fry. Ginger, Orange, Garlic, Sweet and Sour, and lots others. Above the cooking stations are steps to make different styles of sauce, but I always like going with my instincts and making my own. It's just more fun. They also have soup, chinese noodles and white, brown rice to go with your meal and a drink comes with the cost. Love that. I always leave full and usually have lots leftover to bring home. Its fun to get creative with your food here, watch it being cooked, and loving how it tastes. All for a great price. I can't say enough great things about YCs.
3	Make your bowl. The place was big and clean. Very polite staff.
4	Do you like fresh veggies?Do you like your meat cooked on a mongolian grill?Do you like to experiment with your type of sauces?Then YC's Mongolian Grill is just for you!!I love this place! I have been a fan for many years, and now it's just right around the corner from my office, making it another fast lunch time place!For this trip , I grabbed a large bowl and a to go box, put some beef in the bottle of the bowl, hit it with some great looking veggies, didn't skimp on the mushrooms or onions either, piled on the wheat noodles, drizzled some hot chili oil on top, sprinkled some cilantro and pineapples on it, in a smaller bowl hooked me up some spicy Hunan sauce (which I make a tab bit more spicier than whats on the overhead menu, gave it to the guy and watch the magic happen while my lunch was being prepared! Walked to the side, grabbed a bowl of brown rice and some fried won tons & sweet sour sauce! At this point, I halved my rice & bowl of food into the to go box to make sure I have lunch for tomorrow and lunch for today! Can't beat that! 2 meals, one price! Just word of advice, if you think you might need a to go box, get it when you 1st pay, it makes things easier! I promise!Yum Yum YCs, looking forward to the next time I come back!
4	Its fun to make your own bowl, controlling how much meat and what type of veggies go in it.  The Sauce station is where the magic happens, so much to pick from.  Then after all the goodness is jammed into your bowl you hand it off to the cook to fry it up which takes about 3 minutes.  The wait staff is really fun and outgoing and since it was our first time, our waitress showed us the ropes.  My wife and I will be back for sure.
5	Hands down 5 stars for this place. Whenever I visit Phoenix nowadays, this is a must go place!The secret is a few scoops of curry sauce, few scoops of spicy thai, a dollop of garlic, a whole lot of dry pepper flakes, loads of veggies and a request to make it very well done....this place makes a mean stir fry!! I love it!! love it!! The problem is that I over eat and I am too sleepy to work afterwards.
5	Delicious, hot, affordable and filling! Pro Tip:  Opt for the dinner sized bowl and also buy a to go container too.  Then cram as much stuff as you can in your silver bowl before they cook it.  Then fill half of the to go container with rice and pour all your leftovers into the take out container when you are done eating.  Viola!  Ready made lunch for tomorrow.  :)
2	OK, I really wanted to give this place 4 or 5 stars. Been coming here for years. Affordable and delicious! Especially love the Spicy Hunan Sauce. Always have had a great experience.Today, I went to this location with two of my coworkers. One of them has severe peanut and seafood allergies. The staff was very accomodating at first: They gave her an "Allergy Warning" tag and instructed her which sauces to steer clear of (a previous reviewer mentioned that some of YC's sauces have fish stock in them). Once we got to the grill where your bowl is cooked was where trouble hit. One of the two gentlemen said, in Spanish, "Just cook it on this used one. And play dumb like you don't understand them!" Beyond inappropriate and dangerous! Unfortunately for these clowns, two out of the three "snowflakes" speak Spanish and we called them on it.  They were very cautious after this, but it still left a bad taste in our mouths. Will I come back? Likely, 'cause . . .1) I'm a sucka, 2) LOVE stir fry, and 3) It's close to my house. Bottom line: If you have allergies, WATCH OUT!
4	The grillers were not so skilled today but always a good meal.  I had some of my daughter's veggies in my bowl.
3	Always get a box to go immediately because I get so much food. Quality seems decent but hey as a college you can't go wrong. You pick all the ingredients and they have a board with all the recipes that they offer. I like to full a separate bowl for sauces that way I can really stuff my bowl because once again IM cheap and most of us go here to pile up as much as possible. Also check out the jalapenos and pineapples by the cook line, if you haven't tried it its worth a stop.
4	I visit one of the YC's locations almost every month. The process of picking your own ingredients and sauces, having them grilled for you, and the ultra fresh taste of food just cooked is unique. An amazing value at about $10! Their hot mustard sauce is spot on.
4	Stopped in here early on a Saturday morning to grab lunch, and was pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant was clean, and we were greeted by a friendly hostess as soon as we entered.  She was very helpful answering the few questions we had, and then we moved on to the ingredient bar.   All the ingredients looked very appetizing, and the vegetables were fresh and nicely sliced.   They really have a great selection of seasonings and sauces.   16 sauces in all, so you can mix and match to your hearts content and come up with some fun stuff!  The cooking area was very clean, and the cook prepared the food quickly and cooked it just right.  The vegetables were cooked, but still just a bit crisp, and all the meat tender.    There's plenty of brown or white rice to go with the entree as well.   Really a nice place to stop and eat.
4	YCs if the food didn't taste well you seasoned it wrong. How can you not love this place.
4	Ever since I've been introduced to Mongolian Grill, I've been hooked. This is the only place I've gone to in AZ I like that  the bowl of food is one price and includes rice, soup, drink and soft service yogurt. Kids price is based on age so you don't end up paying a ton for food they may not eat. If you need to go for round two, it's only an extra $1. The staff has always been friendly and helpful and facility clean. The staff is willing to help get you the right sauce. I think this is helpful for people who've never gone or want to experiment. I do wish this place provide a few more vegetable options and some more sauces. Some of the other locations I've gone too in CA or MD have double these items and can make for a unique dish.My advise is layer and pack your meats, veggies to the best of your ability to maximize what you can fit into your bowl. I get meat, pack down, add veggies and then noodles and push down, add some more meat and then push down and then get cooked.The grillmaster serves up your food quickly.  I've been lucky when I've gone it's been before the dinner rush. Be careful when you take your food back as it will require some cooling off time.Plan to head back many times.....Kids might dig the yogurt, but I didn't like the taste.
4	First off...I'm not a big asian food fan as I have seafood allergies, but this place makes it simple to accomodate, and the staff is knowledgeable and helpful.  This is the second time I've been to YC's when visiting the Phoenix area, and I highliy recommend it due to the fresh ingredients and cleanliness of the restaurant and super fiiendly staff.  You pile/cram your bowl full by selecting exactly what you like with choices of proteins and veggies, and they grill it all up for you.  The staff can help you select a sauce mix to your liking (accounting for your allergies and preferences).  The lunch/dinner deal is great in that it includes unlimited soup, rice and sodas, so you won't go away hungry.
5	This is a family favorite. The buffet style allows everyone to choose their own ingredients- lots of choices of different meats, vegetables and sauces. Great way to get the kids to eat lots of fresh vegetables. The staff is very friendly and willing to assist you with preparing sauces if you have not done it before. Watching the chefs cook the food in front of you on the large grills is fun.
5	Great food as always, Excellent staff!
5	This place blew our expectations out of the water! On our trip to ikea tonight, my husband and I were planning to go to Genghis grill since it was nearby but they were closed. I found YC'S on yelp and it had good reviews. My husband was leary when we first walked in because there was no one at the counter. The super nice waitress/hostess was helping a couple of first timers (like us) with their selections. She was very nice and showed us the ropes and even mixed the sauce up for me. The portions were HUGE! My husband who usually can eat his full meal had to throw in the towel halfway because it was too much food. We both have hearty lunch portions to take to work tomorrow. The soup bar was excellent especially the wontons. For only $23 they provide you such a great 3 course meal. They even had swirl cones for dessert. The hostess made sure we enjoyed our meal the whole time and even let us have free to go boxes since it was our first time. She even threw in a small box so I could take wonton chips. The customer service was excellent and the food was fantastic. I definitely recommend this location!!!!
3	My husband and I came here after he picked me up from work, which was around the corner from here.Price wasn't bad, $10.49 for the large bowl. Same concept as Genghis Grill, fill up your bowl as much as you can, select from chicken, beef, or pork. 6 or 7 pieces of shrimp is $1 extra. Then there's a variety of veggies to add into the bowl, then pick your starch, they had rice noodles, udon noodles and wheat noodles. After that you make your own sauce or the waitress/hostess can help you make your sauce. There's also a all you can eat chicken or spicy beef soup and also white or brown rice at a little station. Also included with the $10.49 is unlimited drinks. The price sure wasn't bad, but I'd prefer Genghis Grill any day. They just have better options.
5	My husband and I had only been to the Southern YC's location which was nice and the service excellent and this location was no different...excellent!!!   We like this location better as it's much bigger and a bit nicer.  The staff is friendly and VERY helpful!  I had a bit of a hard time with the sauce mixing since I can't have certain oils etc but they helped in every way to make sure it was still tasty.  When I had a question on an ingredient on their frozen yogurt, the manager went to get the package so I could check it out. The checked on us  throughout our dinner to make sure all was good which is unusual so yes, this place and it's management and staff deserve 5 stars!!! We will be back!  :)
1	Probably one of the worst tasting food places I have ever had. I am use to BD's so I knew the routine already and since I was new to this particular Mongolian place, I decided to go with the sauce called "Chef's special." I loaded my bowl up with steak and chicken with a lot of veggies. Picked a few seasonings I use at home and at other places. The sauce bowl was huge which made me think they weren't flavorful if you needed 12 ladles in order to make the good good. The meat was very tough, the taste of the completed dish tasted old, freezer burned, bland, and generic. I was I pleased with the food, but the service was decent considering they don't spend much time interacting with their customers. Waste of money. ***edited a few hours laterA business owner saw this review and was very professional, I will give it another chance bc of the great customer service after my experience, that's how successful business's operate.
4	We decided to give a different YC's a try & had a very pleasant experience. It was a week night that we went & it wasn't very busy in the restaurant. We were promptly welcomed in & got started through the line. The item buffet was clean & well-maintained which was very pleasing. Obviously as it wasn't too busy, we got our food very quickly & were ready to eat.The price includes a bowl of food along with some other items such as soup & ice-cream. I opted to get the chicken & vegetable soup (not sure what the official name is but it was chicken & vegetables in broth ... tasted like chicken noodle without the noodles) .. It was kept warm & tasted good. The bowl was also good. It was my fault that I didn't put enough sauce in the bowl so there was some water sprayed on my food to cook it. I guess my only complaint was that the sauce flavors didn't come through as a result of that, but I still enjoyed the meal.We will be coming back to this location!
4	We've gone to this place a couple of times and haven't been dissatisfied once. The overall joy of YCs is getting to fill your bowl a mile high with pure gluttony. The selection of ingredients was right on, the quality could leave some yearning but this is definitely a Quantity over quality establishment. No complaints on that part because I still found the food to be flavorful and fulfilling. The free ice cream at the end is a sweet added bonus and much appreciated.  I look forward to going here when I don't feel like cooking and like the experience of abundant selections and flavor options. Recommended highly:-)
4	I have been going to these places since 1994. It is a good place to get a stir fry that you select the ingredients. Very unique concept. Usually I end up with enough food for 3 meals. The staff will explain how to get the most food for the money.  Prices gave increased over the years but the quality remains the same.  Since they cook with water the calories are kept to a minimum.
4	I love their service! They teach you how to press and stack up the food in one bowl and they will even make the favor for you. Very nice healthy bowl of stir fry food customized by you!
4	The food here is great! So many sauce combinations to choose from or you can create your own if you're the adventurous type. I always go for the Mongolian with chicken. There's a smorgasbord of veggies and goodies that you can add to your food. The downside is that they charge you for a to go box.
