5	This place is brand spanking new (a few weeks old or so?) and I see it every time I go to get my hair done telling myself that I was going to have to go check it out. Well, my hummus craving did me in and I went here in search of satisfaction and I was not disappointed!I really only wanted a small lunch; some hummus, olives and something to dip the hummus with. I was greeted with smiles by two very nice gentleman who own it. The place is clean and spotless and all the food looks so appetizing! Baklava! Ugh, I wish!Anyway, the only bread they had available was something that they made fresh (3 minute wait). It came out round, puffy and delicious! It eventually lost the air and turned into a thin pita like bread. Let me tell you, it was good! The hummus was so, so delicious I wish I'd gotten more! They give you a huge amount for around $3. I couldn't eat it one sitting. You could tell they made it themselves because it didn't have the vinegar-y taste you usually find in store bought. They have a small selection of olives; kalamata, green and cured. They were all so good! My stylist tells me they also have a really great pizza that she gets there all the time so I'm trying that on my next visit.This is a really nice, convenient Mediterranean bakery with dessert, sandwiches, sides and catering. We need more ethnic places like this in Vegas! FYI: be sure to bring cash or spend more than $10 to use credit/debit
4	Vegetable pizza is amazing. Side of feta and some hummus. Pita made fresh.
3	There is no inside dining. Only a few tables outside. Food was great!!  We walked into this place on a whim.  We were meeting friends at the theater at 6:30.  We decided to check this place out.  you walk in and it is kinda baron.  There are two deli/bakery  type counters.  The menu board advertised different pizzas.  The one deli case had different baklava's and I'm guessing other desserts.  The other had deli meats, feta cheese, olives, hummus and other mayo type salads.  There was a sign on the counter for a Garlic Chicken which looked like a panini and a bag of chips.  So after asking what was in the sandwhich we find out that it is feta cheese, garlic sauce, real pulled chicken, lettuce and tomato.  This is what I ordered.  When I opened the box I was surprise to see that the sandwich was on a sub roll vs a panini.  While we were waiting we found out that this was a new owner and he only took over less than 2 weeks ago.  So it seems that there are some thinks that need to be worked out.  The sandwich was delicious. The bread was fresh not too tough, nice and soft.  The ingredients were fresh as well.  I would eat here again but it's not a place to eat with a group of friends and hang out.
4	Came here thanks to Ian A :) The tabouli salad was fresh. You could taste the cilantro and the lemon juice. ;The spinach mini pies were freshly baked- great if you're looking to eat something healthy and juicy. Their mini pizza with vegetables was great with their hummus. The pita bread is freshly made and fills you up quick. Although there isn't a place to sit besides two tables outside, it's a nice place to have a quick bite to eat with some friends. if you're around the area try the spinach mini pies :)
5	I love this place! This place is conveniently located in the colonnade plaza next to the movie theater on pebble and eastern.The staff are friendly and great, and really informative with their foods. I was so interested in learning their names and their contents in their food they were so nice enough to let me try samples of their different types of Bakalvas!I normally get the Grape Leaves, Tibouli Salads, and their Spinach pies! they are to die for and yet CHEAP!I also love their Spinach and Cheese Zatars along with their cucumber greek yogurt and their hummus!Everything is made fresh daily, if you want you may even request to have those orders made fresh to order they are usually nice to enough to do that for me.As far as their Bakalavas go they are amazing and really good! They have an amazing  selection, never thought there were so many different types.If your in a rush go ahead and order it to go, otherwise enjoy their food while sitting outside.Try NOW! ;)
3	No longer halal meat store. Its polynesian pastries now.
