3	These guys do everything by the book.I had lapsed in my PenDot stickers and registration, and they helped me get that together (they won't work on your car if it's registration isn't valid).They told me my 2004 Toyota would need new wipers to pass safety inspection. They had me, but the cost was reasonable.
4	Bastone offered me a fair price for the work they did.  I took it there to get a second opinion and despite the fact that they have a sign saying they charge for check-ups, it was free.  They quickly got back to me telling me what had to be done and what they recommended giving detailed reasoning behind it.At no point did I feel like they were trying to cheat me or up-sell me.  And they were the cheapest place I checked out.
5	The best, most honest and reliable car guys in the Burgh. I lived in Pittsburgh for eight years and still have family there. I drive in from out of state so these guys can do work for me.
1	Definitely overpriced for what they offered.  Took my car in to check my AC, they didn't get back to me for the whole day, and decided to fix whatever the problem was without asking me and charging me an insane about (approximately $150 more than most places).  Definitely will not go back there again.
5	I was passing through Pittsburgh and discovered a headlight was out.  I found Bastone through Yelp and drove over.  They fixed the light on the spot charging me $12.  First impressions are great - very clean repair shop and the service for this minor repair was done in a friendly and welcoming manner.
5	I have taken my cars to Bastone's for years and would highly recommend them.  Always friendly, always courteous, never trying to sell me on unnecessary work.   I really appreciate their honesty and their help in keeping my old car working and on the road.
5	Bastone is the best auto service I have found in the US.  I have trusted my car to them for all the years I have been in Pittsburgh and I do not plan on changing them.  They are very professional, logical prices, and they make everything possible to meet your time schedule if you ask them for.  They even give some perks for "loyalty" customers (e.g., free oil change for every 6 oil changes you do there - of course this means every 2.5-3 years but still).  The also have a shuttle to drop you off (I have never used it but I have seen other people using it).  However, because they are so good they are very busy too, so make an appointment ahead of time.  They are also not open during weekends.
4	Love this place, really nice people willing to help and pretty decent prices..
