4	This is a family-owned restaurant with great food and very friendly service. Great pizza with delicious crust. I prefer to go here for lunch and grab a couple slices and a drink. Easy to get in and out and for a small restaurant has a pretty large menu. Their pasta dishes and tiramisu are great! The only downside is the prices, if you are buying quite a few pizzas be prepared to pay.
5	This is the best pizza we've had since moving to Charlotte from NY. Very friendly and accomodating staff and consistantly good food.
5	Best NY pie in Charlotte!
5	This IS,,,,,,, the best food in Charlotte. I love this place.  I'm starting to venture out from my normal pizza and tried the meatball sub today. it was great.  now I'm a big guy and can eat but this thing was HUGE, I could only finish half of it. Great Pizza, Great Pasta, Great sandwiches and best of all, this place has a little character.  A great change from the typical fast food, chain, ding ding (Microwave) restaurant that seem to be everywhere in Charlotte.
3	I was looking for Hawthorne's and wasn't sure if I had missed it or not, when I saw Due Amici.  I had read some good reviews so decided to give up my previous search and try this place out.  I got there right when the lunch specials were ending at 2:30, and they were nice enough to let me order from that menu.  I went with the baked penne.  It was ready in under 10 minutes, the serving was huge, and it included some nice warm bread all for $7.51!  It wasn't the best baked penne (ziti) I have ever had, but it was tasty and cheesey and great to dip the crusty bread in.  I have enough left for another meal also.  It was super slow in there at that time.  The guys behind the counter were very friendly.  I will definitely be back to try some more, and I am sure I will be able to up them to 4 stars!
5	Best pizza around!
5	Pizza Slice Review Only!My dad is from NYC.  He is a purist like many pizza afficianados.  There is only one type of real pizza and it is New York Style and it has one topping-Cheese.  You order anything else on it and not only is it not longer true NY Pizza you just insulted my father.  Good job.Also true NY pizza places MUST sell by the slice ALL DAY!  If you don't you fall into the category of NOT NY Style pizza.  The guys at Due seem to be following the rules of NYSP to the letter.  Very good slices.  Wanted to give 4 1/2 stars but they get a round up for having garlic powder on hand for the pizza.  $2 a slice.  I did wish they had a slice special for lunch...2 slices cheese and drink for $5 or something like that.  BUT still a decent price for the food.  Slices are large.PS...I will probably never know what anything else here tastes like.  It could be amazing or awful.  I don't care.  You eat pizza at a pizza place.Capisce!
5	Best Pizza in Charlotte - real NY style as one of the other reviewers stated (Chloe S.). I usually get a couple slices and a coke - sometimes the Chicken Parm Pizza - (1 slice is very filling) - The sauce, crust and cheese are all excellent. Paulie's brother has a pizza place up in Concord - same good pizza there too if you cannot make it down to Prosperity Church Rd. I've tried other stuff on the menu - which is also good but the 'za rules! (hence the 5 stars).
5	Best NY style pizza in Charlotte. And yummy cannoli too!
4	Great pizza, very popular in the neighborhood.  Pizza by the slice, great dinners and desserts, very generous toppings.  Pros:  Authentic pizza, great variety, tons of toppings, family friendly (not so important to me, but always lots of kids), lots of entrees, strombolis, etc, great desserts.  Cons: No delivery, sometimes a little rude (which makes it feel more authentic, actually ;) )If you're in the area, stop in and grab a slice.
2	Many of my neighbors rave about this joint. The only thing I can write is that is convenient to Highland Creek. I know pizza. I have been in NYC. I have eat at good pizza places. Trust me, just another notch from your local places.
4	Tried this place for lunch today.  I had a slice of cheese and a slice of chicken parmensan pizza... which ended up being way too much food!I know it's a pretty casual lunch/dinner place, but I got a little turned off by their storage situation.  They have open shelving and all there extra napkins and cups are stored for all to see...  great for utility purposes, not so great if there is a mess on the shelves.  Maybe it's just the OCD coming out of me, but I'd rather not see stuff like that at a restaruant - it takes away the "magic."Dining room ambiance aside, there are a ton of pizzas to choose from (by the slice) and they warm it up in the oven.  You could be eating from door to cash register in 5-10min.  Definitely will come back and have many many lunches here... since they do have other offerings other than pizza.
5	OMG I am hooked on their greek salad!!!!!   I crave it, at least, weekly.  The dressing is so delish!  YUM!
5	best pizza in charlotte!
4	Great pizza, and everything else.... those jalopenos will kill ya the next day....
5	My favorite pizza joint in charlotte. I love this pizza the sicilian is my personal favorite and my wife loves the meatball parm. The guy is a straight up new yorker and don't expect him to go out of his way to be nice to you. Even regulars might get a how ya doin from him and thats all. But you don't go there for the service you go there for the food and its deli style set up is perfect i love that you can look and pick the exact slice you want. Cant go wrong here
5	5 stars when compared to any other pizza joint in the area.  Due Amici is the ONLY place in the Charlotte or LKN area I have ever had that resembles a pie like up where I am from (1hr outside of NYC). A lot of people try to tell you to go here and go there....tonys/da vinci's.....I ahve tried a few of these places and my conclusion is that southern people don't know what pizza is!  If you want a real pizza then this is your only choice!Also, their garlic knots, tira misu, and pasta sauce is GREAT
5	I've tried most of the local pizza shops in the University Area and this one is the best so far.  The pie is huge, whether you buy by the slice or better yet, get the 16".  Great crust, not too thin and not too thick; crunch on the outside but a delectable chew inside. It holds up well too, when you pick a slice up.  The sauce (which I think is key) is very tasty, good quality.  I've never had it too greasy, y'know when you pick up a slice and practically all the toppings and cheese fall out?  ...hate it when that happens.  My favorite is the mushroom but I've had others too.  They are very generous with the toppings.  I really love the caprese pie but it's senseless to pay $22+ for a pizza.  Value for the large one topping is worth it for me and I'd rather pay $15+ for that than any "special" your pizza chains will offer for their so-called pizzas.I've always had mine to-go, but inside is a typical pizza joint; not much ambience.   It's always been busy though, every time I've been there and that can be any time of the day.  That's a good sign.Sometimes, I wish they delivered but fortunately for me, I live close by.
5	They have the best pizza! They have a special, delicious flavor unlike anywhere else. The portions are big. Great salads and desserts too! It's a little pricey, but that's because it's so much better than other pizza places.
4	Great pizza, a little too expensive. People are saying that the attitude is expected from New Yorkers, I disagree. I lived in NJ all my life and spent a great deal of time in NYC. Attitude is not the norm, that's just for TV shows. Anyway, if you are in a service business, your attitude should be to service your customers not disdain. Again, pizza is the closest to home than any other we have tried. We recommend.
4	Good pizza if you like New York style.  The guys working the counter are keepin' it real, no southern hospitality found at this establishment.  Decent prices and the pizzas are HUGE!
4	Being from New York, I have come to miss and yet appreciate New York style pizza anywhere and time I can find it.  So its no wonder, I love and appreciate the pizza Due pumps out on a daily basis.*I like that you can order pizza by the slice.  They usually have 4-6 pre-made pizzas  from which they are selling slices from.  I like to run a pepperoni slice and maybe a pepperoni/pineapple or pepp/shroom slice.  Either way, they throw your slice in one of their gigantic pizza ovens for about 6-8min (it always feels like a long time).  After which, they will take your pizza to your table if you are eating there or box it up for you if you are taking it to go.  *I love the crust.  It is not exactly what I would call thin crust.  Its just thinner than your typical chain pizza slice.  Its soft, yet sturdy enough to support whatever toppings you have on your slice.  Speaking of toppings, they always put a plethora of toppings on every slice - hey better too much than too little right? *Prices are a little on the high side in my opinion.  When compared to the prices for a slice at places like Tony's and Fuel, Due Amici's slice is about a $1 - $1.50 more expensive.  Their whole pizzas aren't cheap either.  The price is what's keeping me from giving Due 5-stars.    *Staff is always friendly and polite.  No complaints there.  There is also plenty of parking in the plaza Due is located in.  Overall, the pizza is excellent.  Whether you are getting just a slice or a whole pizza, Due Amici won't disappoint.  Though its not exactly Mariella's Pizza across from Central Park, its as close are you are gonna get to Big Apple style pizza in the Queen City.
5	I grew up north and the pizza was amazing.  I have had pizza from Chicago and New York and I have to say the pizza at Due Amici is every bit as good.  There sausage roll is also great.  I have had several different meals and have never been disappointed. My wife says they have the best Greek salad she has ever had.
4	Very good NY style Pizza and the Greek Salad with grilled chicken is excellent.  Customer service is just okay (minus one star).
4	You want real pizza by the slice NY style the Due Amici is the only place in the area even worth a stop.   Was very happy when I found this place and try and eat there at least once a week.    It even comes with a bit of Northern attitude which some can take or leave but it always makes me laugh a bit.Their cannolis are amazing too I definitely think you should get em when they put em out fresh.  My only complaint is no delivery but it only takes me a few minutes to get there and home so no biggie.
4	Damn good NY style pizza!
4	There is no shortage of "New York Style" pizza places in the Charlotte area - especially as you get up to the Northeast. Funny how that works. It's not like they put them on the South side of town. Almost like a mini-map of the country or something. Anyway.Due Amici, while currently a bit challenging to get to because of (or due to) the 485 construction, is worth a slight drive out of your way. There are other places that are simpler to find, and some are even right off of the freeway. But take the time and find your way to Due Amici and you can find a number of slices that are well worth the effort.Naturally they have things other than pizza, as any good joint will, but if it's right there in the name, should you really try anything else?
5	Good NY style pizza. The Greek salads are great as well.
5	Love the pizza slices here.  For 2.10 (or 2.40, depending), you get a large wedge of thin-crusted, crispy-bottomed, chewy-edgedy, gooey cheesy goodness!  My personal favorites are the spinach ricotta, and the fresh mozzarella (with dollops of sauce and fresh basil).  I recently tried the pepperoni and sausage, however, and it was REALLY good.  The Greek salad comes with tons of feta (although I find their dressing to be a bit too oily for me).  Other menu options include gnocchi, baked pastas, calzones, Jamaican beef patties, stromboli, or Italian ice.
4	Super delicious pizza. I like their caprese slice, it is one delicious slice. The crust is always crispy and thin the way good ny style slices should be. And the toppings are top notch quality and thick so biting into the slice is like eating a good steak. Thick and juicy. Their dinner items are good, I stick with the red sauce items like spaghetti and meatballs or chicken parm. Their red sauce is very balanced, between sweet and tangy and is not too thick and not too thin. These are very simple dishes and pizza is a simple food, but it is so hard to find a place that does it just right. And consistently. This is a very traditional pizza place down to the simple chairs and tables. The place is a good size and clean.
4	I've been checking out some new dishes at Due Amici.  Tonight, my kids and I shared an order of chicken parmesan and an order of spaghetti and meatballs.  The parm comes with bread and a side salad, while the spaghetti does not.  HUGE portions.  As I mentioned, we shared these 2 dishes, and still came home with some leftovers.  I have also tried the penne with chicken and broccoli (which I ordered with a pink sauce, instead of the standard alfredo).  All were above decent.  Meatballs were definitely homemade, and not out of a bag from a giant foodservice company.  I thought that some could have used a touch more flavor, but overall, each was enjoyed a lot.  I do think that I prefer the pizza, but it is great to have the option of some of the pasta dishes as a change of pace.
4	Their pizza is amazing. The staff is very friendly. The only reason I did not give them a 5 is because the crust on the calzones is very hard. I always get spinach in mine and I think they have them pre-made and add the spinach and reheat it?  I would skip the calzone and get another dish because their food is really good.
4	Just moved to Charlotte and heard good things about this place! Family loved it!!
5	Missing NY style Italian food, must come to this place. Great italian food, nice staff, reasonable prices and the desserts are great too. Will be coming back for more. This place is a must for good italian food and desserts.
5	Top notch! The owner is from Long Island, New York, and definitely knows how to make great pizza. We're both from around the same area, and I can agree that he makes better pizza than many of the pizza places on Long Island! If you like New York Style Pizza, this is the place to go. I would go out of my way to go here!
4	First time here, I was looking for good N Y style pizza.  I found it at Due Amici we ordered pizza to go.  It was very good.  Will be back again for the pasta.
2	Despite the high reviews, I found almost nothing special here. The pizza slices tasted like cardboard. No flavor and dry and hard. I would not waste calories on this in the future. The garlic knots, however, were actually good. Most garlic knots are little hard bricks of dough. These were soft and yeasty with a real garlic flavor. Even though it's super convenient, I will not return. There are better pizza places I'm this area. Try DaVinci's off of Davis Lake and Harris instead.
5	I love this place! The plain cheese pizza is fantastic and so is their house salad dressing! I also love the chicken parm & buffalo chicken pizzas. My hubby and I are definitely regulars.
5	Everything was great! The pizza, the cake, the service, everything was great! My sister and I ordered the Caprese pizza and we both loved it. The tomatoes were so juicy. The pizza has a little zing to it that made the whole pizza delicious. By the time I finished the firsts one I wanted another one. I also ordered a tiramisu and it was good. It wasn't the best I have had but it was pretty good. The price was reasonable. Service was also great! Would definitely come back
4	Great pizza, many style and types to choose from. Greek salad with their own homemade dressing is delicious. My only complaint is the lettuce to topping ratio is way off, I would like more olives, onions, tomatoes, or cucumber.  But never the less, I get one every time.   Over all very good
5	Sounds redundant, but hands down best NY pizza in Charlotte area. Like Little Italy in NE Charlotte. Wish they would open another in SE! I treat myself once a week to a couple slices for lunch. Try them!
4	We are new to the area and one of the criteria for my family and I is to have a pizza shop that we can frequent 4-5 times a week. We've tried a couple and you can review my others if you like. After strategically reading and plotting I came across Due Amici. I had reserved hopes based off my previous experience with a yelp recommend akin for a Chinese spot, but needless to say I loaded my kids up and started out pilgrimage to find our new pizza Mecca. So we roll into this older BiLo shopping center strip mall and find the pizza joint. As I'm unloading my girls I ask a couple of patrons exiting, how the pizza was. They all responded with greening reviews. So my mouth began to water in anticipation. As soon as we walk in we are greeted with a "hello" and we can see their display cases full of good eats. From calzones, sfogliatelle, stiffed pizza, slices and more. Our standard family test is cheese pizza slices. So we ordered up 6 slices and 1 pepperoni and sausage. Now NY pizza is an art and these guys have a good grasp on it. Their cheese to sauce ratio is near damn perfect. Enough sauce to cover but not runny. The cheese was enough to cover the sauce but not too much to gag. Sauce had a very nice oregano, basil, salt and rich tomato profile. The slices held up to the fold and hold test. As soon you fold and hold it up. The front point shouldn't collapse and man was this slice perfection. It was crisp on the bottom but not too much. Cheese slices were just great. Oh yeah, cheese slices are only $2.20.The pepperoni and sausage slice I got met all the above criteria that the cheese slices set the benchmark at but I was turned off from the sausage flavor. Now kudos for these guys not putting a frozen crumbled sausage that the chains use.  What it looks to me is they slice up leftover rope sausage maybe. How the turn off was from the flavor. The first thing I could taste was an overwhelming flavor of old pork grease. Now some people may like this and maybe this flavor isn't in my wheelhouse so I didn't discount it off on my review because we had a great experience. We were so stoked after our meal I got my girls and I a slice of their homemade NY cheesecake to finish off this meal. Well let's just say that my 2 year old was doing foodgasm "YUMMY" at the too of her lungs and doing a happy dance with each bite. I had to fight my 10 year old for about 4 bites as she scarfed it down like she hadn't had a meal in weeks. From the four bites I had, I'd definitely go back just for a slice of this creamy rich dessert treat.Review #2 two days later.  We go back to hopefully have a repeat. I called at 8:00 to ask about closing. They said they didn't close until 9:00 and to come on in. So we load up and make the 20 minute drive over. By the time I unload my girls and we enter the door it's 8:25. I made note of it because when we walked in 75% of the dining room was closed. So we go to order. I ask again, is it cool that we eat?  I was then told by the gentleman, "that after 8:30 they only do take outs and the dining room is closed. We could order but have to eat at home". Well I disappointed my girls and we left with no pizza. My gripe is this. He should've told me when I called at 8:00. I also confirmed via Yelp. No where when googling their name did I come across this 30 minute before we close crap. I haven't decided yet but we may not go back. It just rubbed me the wrong way after calling ahead, wrestling with two yungjns and driving 20 minutes only to have to figure out what I'm doing for dinner again.
5	This pizza is amazing! New York style in North Carolina. The owner is really cool, talked to us about where he gets his ingredients and his philosophy on his restaurant.
5	I'm from Brooklyn.  Love Due Amici.  Haven't been to a pizza place in NC that comes close.  These guys are straight about of Bensonhurst and are about their business.  I go in, they take my order, prepare it perfectly, BOOM...DONE.  None of that mindless small talk, just good food, good prices, a taste of home.  I don't mind the trip, it is well worth it.  I don't do franchise pizza.Pizza is true NY style.  Thin crust, perfect sauce, just the right amount of cheese.  Fold it in half while it is scorching hot and you're in heaven.  They also have the best chicken parm, and meatball heroes.   Oh, and honest to God real Italian ices.  It's like I am back on the block again.If you are looking for better pizza in Charlotte/Concord. fuhgettaboutit!  Due Amici's is the truth!
5	Top 3 pizza joints. Wish they had a lake location. Sucks having to drive to university area for a great pizza. These guys are never really happy to see you. They are from New York so it's to be expected. They do have some of the best pizza around.
3	Located in the parking lot by Bi-Lo. Staff is very welcoming. Pizza by the slice available with many choices. A few different beers on tap. Two televisions on either side of the restaurant. They weren't huge so I would necessarily recommend going here to watch a game. However soccer was on the tube while we were there which was nice.
4	Small and authentic New York Pizza, subs, pasta and pastry. My favorite is the capresse pizza. They are good folks and know how to do Italian!
5	I LOVE this pizza. I'm totally addicted to the crust and the fact that I can get broccoli and garlic as my toppings.
5	THE best NY style pizza around. Pizza by the slice in a ton of varieties, everything from cheese to buffalo chicken, which is really delicious, by the way! I'd eat here every day if I could!
5	Ah-maz-ing. Seriously. Me and my husband eat pizza at least once a week and this place is my favorite NY style place.
