3	We have eaten here twice now, we have had the ribs, chicken and Pulled Pork.  The meats were cooked very well, moist and not overdone.  They also have the best "pups" I have ever had. I however did not like their sauces at all; I couldn't eat much because of that.I was also disappointed that they do not have a "chicken on the bone" in their menu line-up.
4	This is not the first time to this location . It is closer than Indian Land , SC location. And of course being in Tega Cay it is a nicer atmosphere for those that cannot get along with a more "traditional" setting. Like most visits to;
4	1st time at the new location. Everything was excellent. The new location is a little too nice. I kind of prefer the picnic table with the red check table cloth look of the original location but the ribs were as good as ever. Also looks like they have a pretty good local beer selection. I was getting takeout so I couldn't tae advantage. I would go back just for the hushpuppies.
2	Tried this place out and was a bit disappointed.   I had the pulled pork sandwich.  It was dry, even after adding sauces.  I could have just caught them on a bad day, but still.Also, I have never seen a BBQ place that does not have brisket on the menu.On the positive side, the hush puppies and mac n cheese were great.On the odd side, my daughter's kids meal was a larger portion than my Large pulled pork sandwich meal.
5	All I can say is "Wow!  Ribs are SUPPOSED to have meat on them!"  Let me explain that.  I have tried ribs at other BBQ joints before, and every time I did I wound up getting one bite, maybe two, and leaving the rest rather disappointed.  So when I saw the combo at 521 I thought, "What the heck.  Let's try ONE MORE TIME and see if this place is any different."  The ribs looked like THICK pork chops!  I made a meal off two of the ribs alone!  They were so tasty, and by the time I was finished with just HALF of them, I had to take the rest of the combo plate home with me!  We've never gone into this place where the staff wasn't just the most courteous and friendly people you could meet, and I'm digging the vinegar-based sauce; a good "Eastern Carolina" sauce is always a plus for me.  And my very picky son could eat the hush puppies all by themselves, though he does like a little BBQ thrown in for good measure!  Can't go wrong with this place!
4	The Ribs could probably be the best I've ever had. I find myself making weird noises when I eat them. lol. Not really but they are wonderful. The BBQ sauces are really good too. I mix the 2 sauces for a sweet & spicy taste.  It's really good with the pulled pork or to dip the fries in. The kids menu is pretty pricey & it don't include their drink. The drink is an additional $2 charge. This is way I gave it only 4 Stars. All in all, I strongly recommend this place.
5	I don't know what to say other than I love this place!! The service is good and the food is exceptional! I've had a couple of different meats but the ribs are by far my favorite. Definitely my favorite barbecue place around and I can't get enough of it! The portions are large and the prices are fair! Love this place!
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could.  Kevin thought it was a 3 and I would probably give it a 3.5-4.Five of us arrived here close to 2 on a Saturday, and the place was packed.  We all happened to order the same thing - pulled pork sandwich with a side.  I actually liked the pork with their tomato based sauce.  Kevin just thought it was okay.  It's hard to give these places anything more than just okay when you have had Midwood Smokehouse bbq.  The fries were just okay, but I liked the creamy and cheesy macaroni and cheese!I would go back for proximity and ease of getting some bbq, but there are definitely better bbq places out there.
5	After listening a coworker brag about this place for a long time... And the truth is; I TRULY LOVED THIS PLACE!. Ordered a Ribs platter that included Hush puppies and  baked beans. It was a LOT of food!, and at a decent price too. Loved the service and even the place being crowded on a Saturday afternoon it was darn quick!. I don't know if I was just lucky but I am glad that it didn't took long before I looked like a caveman with BBQ sauce all over my face and fingers enjoying what could have been the BEST RIBS EVER!(so far).
4	Carrie was our waiter and she was great. Meat was very tasty a little on the dry side but tasty none the less. Had a rib n pork platter someone else had Mac n cheese. Ribs were tasty and their house BBQ sauce was VERY yummy. There may be better BBQ places but this place was still delicious none the less.
4	Good but nothing spectacular.  Will come back but won't go out of way for it.Wings were good,  great portion on the wing plate. Mayo based potato salad could use some seasoning,  salt & pepper? Ribs good but the pork chops were the best thing! Waitress says grilled food takes 20min but seemed like 5-7min
2	I went here with my hubby. You know me. I can't touch the meat, because of my cholesterol so I was going to get sides. Guess what friends that was not an easy task. Couldn't get a veggie burger either, but I ate some beans and a tea. Everything was just ok. Not great. Not horrible either. The problem is you can get  better choices elsewhere for a lot less money. :(
4	Great BBQ and you can order in bulk fresh and frozen. The bar staff are very cool and will give you a sample of the new drafts on tap. I especially like the Hop Drop and Roll and would have never discovered it if a sample wasn't offered.
5	OOOOOOOOHHHHHH!!!! Best barbecue I have had apart from a specific food truck in Nashville!!
5	521 BBQ in Tega Cay is my go-to for great BBQ in the Charlotte/Rock Hill Area. Love the ribs, wings, smoked sausage, BBQ Burger(available on Mondays), and Brisket(available on Thursdays). The owners and staff are always friendly and make an effort to get to know you.  Give 521 Tega Cay a shot and you'll be a regular before you know it!  Enjoy.
2	After a half day of non stop eating, stopped for lunch at 521 BBQ, a second location of the flagship eatery located in a shopping mall. Nice outside seating, busy servers, and a good menu, where adults can thankfully order off the kid's menu. Ordered kid - sized rib plate, which consisted of 4 meaty,  well sauced and nicely charred ribs, smoked over hardwood pellets over a gas flame for 12 hours. They were tasty, although I really felt like there was not enough smokiness for my taste. Best hush puppies I have had out of the 3 bbq joints in NC we have visited thus far. Crispy on the outside without any trace of grease, and a perfect balance of moist and flaky inside. The beans were underwhelming,  tasted saucy, as my daughter assesed "they would be good on a hot dog." They had a unique red coleslaw, which our waitress explained was made with a ketchup vinegar base, which wasn't bad, but not anything I would go out of the way to have again. But oh, those hush puppies...they just might!
5	Just visited 521 with a food tour...we had an awesome server with an amazing work ethic!  Mike the owner came out to chat with us about the food...very nice guy clearly interested in our feedback. The hush puppies were great. The chopped pork was very good with a nice texture and flavor. The ribs were excellent - tender and moist with a nice crust from the slightly sweet caramelized sauce. Red slaw and white slaw each had distinct flavors. Fries were serviceable. My table mates said the beans were ok but really just beans. They offered a vinegar sauce and a sweet/mildly spicy sauce. The two combined was a nice heat/tang combo. Will definitely be back next time we are in the area.
2	This is a new location near us and it's nice to have local food by local folks. The inside is well done. Nice decorations and new.I could do without the big dirty BBQ pit out front spilling out smoke as you walk in. I also don't know who is in thinks is a quality BBQ joint using KINGSFORD wood and charcoal? Really? Are you serious? You are using store wood and stuff? That's not how you do BBQ.I want to eat BBQ not smell like it. Plus the idea that my lunch is being transported from the parking lot to the kitchen....NO!The inside is arrange really funny. There is this dedicated BAR area which seems to be the focus inside and then the side where the people who come to eat BBQ sit. What is the focus BBQ or BAR. Pick on and try to do it well and stop doing both. It's the BOTH that gets people into trouble. Do one thing GREAT and do it all the time. Stop trying to be everything. The menu reflect this mess as well. So the sign says BBQ but the inside says BAR. It's kind of confusing.The menu is a mess. There is BBQ but then you have all this other stuff and I guess that's the BAR side or the GRILL side of things.  BBQ joints should be a half page of perfection in big print. Make BBQ and make it well but stop all the other stuff no one wants and if it comes in a freezer bag in a truck you are doing BBQ wrong!I had the LARGE BBQ Sam'ich and my son had the Pork Chop Sam'ich.So while we were waiting other people came in and were served drinks and then served meals while we waited. There was about a 15 min. wait for the food. My BBQ showed up and the bun was cold. Very cold. Never heated up cold. Been sitting out on the counter cold. The meat was a bit warmer but I am guessing not the right temp at all. Loads of meat but the bun being cold was not good. The server seemed confused when I told her and offered to heat it up? My question was "Do you warm the buns" and she said she didn't know.The Pork Chop Sam'ich didn't taste like anything at all. It was boring. Tasted like I would have made them at home. I don't go out to eat to eat stuff I can make at home. Make is spectacular or stop making it. Not enough meat on the bun and just boring taste overall. The 2 sauces are a bit boring too. The Tangy Sauce has way too much going on and the Vinegar based sauce is just a mess of flavors and such. I will commend them on just doing 2 sauces. Most bad BBQ places will have 3 or 4 sauces to try to cover up for them not knowing anything about BBQ. Would have loved a Mustard/Tomatoe Sauce but...meh.The ice maker/drink station is right in the middle of the seated area and is noisy. It's distracting. The service was OK but clearly this place is another BBQ joint being run by a few people who entered BBQ contest, won, and then someone told them to open a joint and this is the result. It's just not working. They have no idea how to run a restaurant and hope the big smoker thing and a decorated interior is going to make for a good place to eat, when in fact it's not. The price was not bad but $23 for lunch for 2 people and nothing crazy it is a bit much for 2 people. Don't feel like it was anything special.Overall this was a huge disappointment. I won't be going there again.
5	Clean, excellent service & excellent food. I love the smoked chicken wings & the fact that the meats are cooked on a smoker outside. This place is one of my regulars.
4	After closing on our home our realtor mentioned this would be a great place to try for lunch and he was right.  The BBQ sandwich special I ordered was great and the onion rings were perfect.  Would definitely go to again.  I will say this though.  If you do want to try this place out go early because the seating is limited and it fills up quick!
2	The good-our waitress was great and the fries and hushpuppies were awesome!The okay-tea was sweet and the food got there fastThe bad-silverskin not taken off the ribs, pork chop was way overdone and dryThe awful-baked beans had a weird aftertaste, kinda like garlic powder maybe; and the cole slaw was the consistency of mashed potatoes.I ordered the combo of ribs and pork chop. My wife got the pulled pork small sandwich. First thing I noticed when I got the ribs was the silverskin. It is tough and should always be removed. I asked the waitress about this and she had no idea but said that was the way they cook the ribs. I pulled it off and the rest was just okay. My wife did like the fact that they had Frank's Red Hot sauce and bbq sauce at the table and says her sandwich was okay as well.Even though this place is on the way home from work I do not think we will be going back.
5	This place rocks! The food, service and staff. Great Barbecue and at a great price.
5	Huge fan of the restaurant.  We just moved to the area from Kansas City and we're worried we would not find a bbq joint we would enjoy.   Big fan of their ribs and bbq.  Hush puppies and sweat bbq sauce are great.   Portions a huge but always enjoy the leftovers.  Highly recommend.
