1	Yuck. Pho is rather tasteless, there is no pho-fragrance, and they use the wrong noodles. It's pho, not pad thai.Stir fries use anti-fresh vegetables and if it doesn't come out of a can, they don't use it.Stay away from here. I will, however, be returning because Grandma thinks this place is amazing, and I really think it's because of the owner. He's from the Motherland and she just loves that. It doesn't mean he can cook the food well, but sometimes we just suck it up and go along for the people we love (and the people they love, too).
2	Not so great, especially when you consider that Pho Avina (which is fantastic) is just a couple miles away.We started with spring rolls which were just fine, but the peanut sauce that came with them seemed watered down to me, which was strange.  I got Pho Dac Biet, which came out *very* quickly.  The broth of the pho was not nearly as flavorful as most other Vietnamese places.  Additionally, some of the pieces of beef in the pho tasted really old, like they had been sitting out for days - ugh.  As Charee M. mentioned, they use the wrong noodles in their pho, which I thought was pretty odd.After we finished eating they brought out our check and...fortune cookies? At a Vietnamese place?  Weird.Anyway, save yourself a mediocre meal and go down the street to Pho Avina which is MUCH better.
4	I am definitely quite shocked at some of these reviews. I disagree with the lack of flavor, and the tasteless dishes some reviewers experienced while eating here. I recently moved over to the N. Phoenix area, and while craving some Vietnamese food a few months back, I decided to  browse "Yelp" to find it. I came across these reviews, and decided to check it out regardless of the poor comments of this establishment. I phoned in my order without looking at a menu,  ( Chicken Pho, Egg Rolls,& Spring Rolls) nor  knowing where they were even located, I eventually found it in the little nook of the Fry's shopping center. I walked in to a very tiny little restaurant  with a cute little man standing at the cash register holding my wonderfully smelling  food in hand. When I got home, I realized that he had forgotten to add the Noodles (which obviously is the  biggest part of this dish) I was a little miffed but eventually got over it, once I tried the appetizers we ordered,and the wonderful flavor of our pho. I knew it was such a harmless mistake so I didn't hold it against them. After consuming our wonderful and inexpensive meal I came to the realization that THIS is my new Fav Vietnamese spot in the N Phoenix area.. I've eaten their at least 5 times since I found this place in Jan. That says something in my mind!! In my opinion they  beat Pho Bang, and Avina HANDS DOWN!!  It's clean, inexpensive, flavorful, and definitely NOT tasteless.. A definite treat if you ask me. Speaking of which I think I'll order some now :o)
4	UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP AS OF JAN 2009!!!!I used to have the same opinion of the 2008 reviewers.  This restaurant is now owned by two men from San Jose, CA.  Everything is amazingly fresh.  The Pho is wonderful and yes, the use CORRECT noodles now.  The ginger sauce on crispy catfish is to die for.  I've been there at least a dozen times since the change in ownership...Try it again people, you'll be happy you did!
4	Stopped in today for a quick lunch.  I ordered the shrimp and pork spring rolls and the spicy beef Pho soup.  The rolls were pretty bland - missing key ingredients such as cilantro and/or mint.  The shrimp had not been cleaned.  On the plus side the Pho soup was delicious.  It was perfectly seasoned.  A large dish of fresh veggies were served including diced jalepenos, cilantro, parsely, basil, and bean sprouts.  The bowl of soup was huge and was not very expensive.  A couple of college kids came in and all ordered #56.  They said they were regulars and loved that dish.    A few other folks in the place seemed to be regulars and had a variety of Pho and other dishes.  Overall the service was great.  Very friendly!  The decor is lackluster and I don't know if I liked having the silverware, napkins, and chopsticks on the tables cafeteria style.  In addition, the walls looked like they needed a good wipe down.  The place left me curious enough to go again and try a few other dishes.  I saw the other review on the crispy catfish!  Sounds great!
4	Very nice workers. Great price (and student discount!!!). Generally quick service! It would be nice if they expanded the menu and made the interior a little nicer.  I think they also need some better signage outside.  I have told many friends about the place, and most of them cannot find the location tucked away in the back corner of the shopping lot.I always order fresh spring rolls and the sour fish soup (canh chua ca, i believe).  Not sure if it is authentic, but it taste great to me.
4	I've been here many times and I always tell myself that I will order something different but I always get their pho specialty there.  I was very happy to find this restaurant since Phoenix is not known for their Asian culinary; however, Vietnamese seems to be one of the better Asian cuisines here in the valley.  I have tried Pho in L.A., San Diego, Chicago, Minneapolis, and Boston and found the best Pho broth here at Nam Sao.  The rare beef could be a little more rare but everything else is perfect.  Fresh vegetables (bean sprouts, mint, cilantro, lemon instead of lime) and the clear and savory broth makes their pho stand out.
4	I miss bay area pho.. and Im picky about it.. I go in a skeptic, sorry PHX.. you are in the desert.. Trust me.. Nam Sao is a true find.. and Im happy I can get pho so close to my new place in N. Phoenix.. I had the shrimp and chicken pho.. My friend & Mark had the rare beef pho.. to me.. it looked more cooked than rare.. but they didnt complain.. The Vietnamese rolls.. yummy.. Im happy about it all:-)
3	This place is just okay. I've had far better pho - 43 Express is the best I've found in the northern hemisphere. Avina's is probably second to that and maybe this place would rank as third. Pho is fine - they skimp on the lemon (they basically take a single slice and then halve that crossways). Other dishes appear okay - I only ever order the pho dac biet and therefore have only had visuals on the other stuff they sell here. Back when "Avina" owned this place they had fresh coconut (with the top hacked off so you can jam a straw in, suck down the juice then scrape out the insides with a long spoon) but they don't anymore. Place looks pretty seedy but the Maricopa County health inspections have given them pretty decent ratings (http://2.gp/kb8) and I haven't gotten food poisoning from here yet despite eating here on and off for the last four years or so. Solid three stars - plain old average. I'd go to Avinas if I had a choice, and 43 Express if they didn't p*ss me off by being closed on Tuesdays and therefore wasting a 20 min drive once - I'll get over that eventually. Maybe.
2	This place used to be good but the new owners have gotten worse every time I go. The guy that serves you is nice and always friendly but it takes multiple times asking to get a refill on water. The quality of meat has slowly gone down hill also and today was the last time I will go. I usually either get Pho or the Deluxe. Stopped getting Pho because the beef was cheap and really fatty. Got Deluxe today and the sweet patatoe cakes were burned(black), noodles overcooked, beef was fatty and couldn't even chew it, and the chicken was alright. Also ordered the spring rolls and they were half the size of what they used to be. This place has been deserted the last few times I have gone and now I am sure I know why. They also used to have music playing all the time or the TV on. Last two times I went they didn't and this last time I could hear the cook banging stuff around while I was eating. Gave it a two because the spring rolls were at least good, even if they were very small.
5	I'm a pho snob, my hitlist is impressive. In Olympia, I ate pho literally every single day. Test me, wannabe purists...Nam Sao is the best. The guy always working and seeming to make the food is so quick and super sweet. Great service, my drink never goes empty, and the table is set in traditional pho-joint style: a metal caddy with spoons, forks [...], chopsticks, napkins, and all the delicious condiments.The menu is enormous, so if you happen to be in the mood for something other than their glorious, never-watered-down noodle soup, you can try something else. The spring rolls, I love them. The boba tea is great too, I've had it thicker and more rich at Pho Hoa in Oly but I like the less creamy variety served at Nam Sao. Fast service, cheap filling meal, wonderful server.. I literally cannot think of anything bad to say about Nam Sao, except it's so small it's kind of hard to find if you're new to the spot. Just go to the right of Fry's and you'll see this little piece of heaven with its lights on, welcoming you in.
4	Good stuff! Reminds me of a small pho place in San Jose I used to go to almost everyday for a while.The pho is very good. Not the absolute best, but very good. Their fresh spring rolls are excellent as well. Cool, crisp and tasty. I also like their sandwiches as well, but could do without the tomato in them. Kind of strange.
3	3 Stars = I have no idea what Pho should taste or look like. I'm a newbie, I've heard good things about Pho, so I've been dying to try it. Tried Nam Sao this past Sunday. They don't have an online menu, but they are right down the street, so since it was freezing cold outside, we decided what a good night to try some pho. It's a bright little shop, where you can sit down or order takeout. There were about 10 tables, which is probably plenty. Seemed there was only one guy working, but I couldn't really see in the kitchen. We got a Beef Pho, and Beef and Shrimp Pho, threw in a veggie egg roll and spring roll just to try, it comes with two and it was our first shot at trying the place so figured it was worth trying. Figured out later that the BF wasn't sure he'd like pho so just in case he'd have something else to eat. Had a little trouble figuring out what to put our Pho in when we got home. We didn't think it was meant to be split up, so we just busted out some oversize serving bowls and dumped it in. The to go order came with some bean sprouts, a little pack of what looked like hoisin and some siracha or some type of chili sauce mixed together, a couple of green leafy things, and some slices of jalapeno. We decided all of it was meant to go into the soup, so we added it all with the exception of some bean sprouts. I really enjoyed it. I love noodles, and I thought the flavors were real good. I will definitely return for more. I can't imagine getting anything other than beef though, it was perfect for this meal. Can't wait to try other places and see how it compares. Super Cheap and very filling!
4	Had egg noodle with pork and wonton (#42), chicken broth was delicious, better than da vangs. However, my friend had the pho tai and I wasn't a fan of the beef broth, it wasn't bad or flavorless, just not my style. Egg noodles were a bit underdone meaning the broth should have been slightly hotter, I let them soak for a good 3-4 minutes after I initially tasted them. We also had boba, it was chunky (like ice bits), flavor was fine though. I had the coconut and my friend had the Taro. They also don't use the sealed top boba cups which I prefer as I like to shake the drink to mix all the boba (otherwise you get the warm filled bottom of the drink where the boba sits). Giving it 4 stars, I would have no problem going back.
4	Super yummy pho and spring rolls! Good quality, fast service, great food, great price. I like !
3	Tired of Chinese? Japanese? Asian Fusion? Vietnamese food is definitely a tweak on the good ole Asian classics. EVERYTHING on the menu is under $10. I'd say average is 6 bucks, but you get Huge portions. I had only a soup for lunch and could not even finish it. Quality of Food is greater than the Price.... it's just science.Nam Sao is very authentic. Gives Discounts to Students. Makes great Recommendations to help you order.Very casual seating- probably could have a group of 10 people (max). The ambiance is.... how do I say this politely? The epitome of strip mall dining.
2	After experiencing real Vietnamese at Pho Than, this is a paltry excuse for it! I wish i could say I enjoyed it, because it's on my way home from work. However, the spring rolls were literally the size of my thumb. Two of them cost almost $6! The peanut sauce tasted like sugar goo with a few peanuts sprinkled on top. Unless they lower the prices, I can't imagine what will keep them in business much longer. Nice people running the place too.
5	Excellent delicious pho!They have some of the best Banh mi's I have tried.. and I've had banh mi's in Saigon.Great restaurant really nice owner
4	To date I've only tried Nam Sao a few times but I'm very impressed. I've had the Pho Ga and Pho Tai (chicken and beef pho, respectively), beef fried rice as well as a few appetizers and I've loved everything.  I've taken out each time and was quite pleased with the portion sizes, the price and the manner in which the take out items were boxed.  In regard to the pho, the broth is in an insulated container and the accoutrements (rice noodles, bean sprouts, Thai basil, chili peppers and hot sauce) were all packed separately, to be added when you get home.  Doing so prevents the produce and noodles from becoming waterlogged, making for a very fresh taste even if you have a bit of a drive ahead of you. The fried rice was better than any Chinese joint I've ever experienced and the spring rolls were crispy with fresh ingredients.The service is warm and welcoming.  If you got a craving for pho, this is the place. I'll know I'll be returning often!
5	Fantastic food! I am a fan of Vietnamese cuisine and Nam Sao makes excellent dishes. Their Bam mi are made from fresh french bread, delicious ! Also the other dishes such as the creepes are excellent! I have been to vietnam and the cuisine matches the food I had in the mother land.
4	Great Pho!I was visiting from LA and had a hard time deciding between pho and the rice dish. The owner chose pho for me and it was not disappointing at all! One of the best bowl of pho I had.
4	You think that a meth habit is hard to beat? Then don't try this place's pho sate or its curry stew (best with French bread, I think). We've found them to be incredibly addictive. Every week or two my bride and I become consumed with pho-lust and absolutely must pay this place a visit. Start off with their number 8 - roll-your-own Vietnamese spring rolls, best with pork, I think. Nice little neighborhood place, not much for ambiance, but the food definitely keeps us coming back. Good service, too.
5	Excellent food and wonderful fast & friendly service.  I LOVED their Pho and "Nathan" makes the best iced Vienamese iced coffee.  The Pho is served piping hot, brimming to the rim with broth and noodles, with beef & shrimp - served with plenty of cilantro, basil, bean sprouts.  The condiment bottles need to be cleaned (the bottles were quite grimey), but for a 'Vietnamese Ma & Pop' -type diner - this one is the best.
3	I have eaten here twice.1st time was excellent. 4 stars easy.I ordered the beef Pho.Lots of the fresh veggies and herbs that accompany Pho.Tasty broth.The last time, the veggies and herbs were not so fresh. Luckily I was home and was able to salvage most of them. A little short on the meat as well.I'll be back since it is convenient to one of my frequented shopping areas.The owner is very nice and accommodating.
4	Loved the food.  We tried the rol your own nam spring rolls, fun to make and delicious.  Their Pho broth was not the best i have ever had, but still very good, it was hot, full of noodles and had plenty of everything.  We always get the dac biet as it has a good mix of everything and this did not disapoint, great meatballs and big pieces of tendon.  Service was very friendly, they even brought over an extra table as we had so much food on ours.
5	This is one of my favorite little gems in Phoenix. I've never had better pho than here. I usually order the "spicy beef sate" pho, which is miles above the rare beef pho. My family and I also order the pork "spicy treats" which is a roll-your-own spring roll. It's delicious and fun! One order feeds all five of us. The owner is also extremely nice. They also offer discounts to ASU students! Have to love that.
1	We stopped by for some appetizers and boba/desserts before a dinner event.  All smoothies, boba or any dessert couldn't be done because the blender was broken.  So we just decided to order Egg rolls and Spring rolls.  The spring rolls were poorly made, loose and the sauce wasn't that good.  Both were small, it was ok for us as we didn't want to spoil for dinner, but they were tiny.  Then we shared fried banana dessert.  Banana used did not taste good, but came out hot... we were the only one there.  So the waiter was attentive...so that should be the only star.
4	This place makes good Pho at a good price. The ambiance of the restaurant is old school and needs to be updated. Other than that this place rocks!
4	Yummy yummy yumm. That's all I have to say about that
4	Tucked way-way in a corner of a less-than-impressive strip mall, there lives this lovely little gem.I ordered the pho beef combo & it really hit the spot.  I had a favorite vietnamese restaurant back home, and nothing will ever be as good.  Although this restaurant did come very close.  The owner was nice and served me a delicious iced tea while i was waiting for my to-go order to be finished.  I really couldn't tell you what it was made of, but I like that instead of just water, they serve you tea.  It's those small considerations that make me want to go back.It's quite a ways away, but I'm willing to make the effort!
4	The Pho was great. Really liked it I wish that the cut of meat was a little better,but it was great
3	Well it's time to do an update to my used to be favorite Pho place.  Notice I said used to be now.  Well for starters the Egg rolls now come in an order of 2 which used to be 4 and they are the same price so that is a huge disappointment as I really like them. I used to crave the Coconut Boba, but they no longer have that flavor blaming their suppliers but I am sure there are plenty of boba flavor suppliers that they could order from.  Lastly the Pho yes it's still good, but the portion size has diminished.  It used to be a huge bowl filled to the brim with lots of meat and noodles.  Now there is maybe 1/3 the meat and maybe 2/3 the noodles.So why still a 3 star review you ask?  Well plain and simple I still love the taste of the food I'm just disappointed in the portion size change without there being a price break to make up for it.
5	Great place! I met the owner, who was extremely polite and gave the place a very homey feel. This is definately a place i was recomend to my fellow vegetarians (vegans as well)!! The veggie appetizer rolls, are bomb! I had the veggie curry stew with rice which was a flavor explosion in my mouth. It could of used more veggies but i really couldnt complain. This place is over all great. As one of the previous people said this is a nice little jem in phoenix. Namaste~!
5	We discovered Nam Sao about 2 years ago and we love it. We drive from New River often, almost once a week! Nathan, one of the owners, always remembers what we like and today, he called me back after I placed a take-out order because he noticed I forgot to order my husband's favorite soup. So besides making the most fragrant, luscious Pho Sate, he also saved my marriage!!! Seriously, we can't think of another restaurant where the food is so delicious, inexpensive and abundant. I always get 2 meals out of the one order of Pho Sate, which is beyond a good bargain. They have a great yellow curry that I love too & because their prices are so great I can afford to order both - Yeah! Here is the best part for me though, besides being so tasty this food is really healthy: the Pho is served with fresh basil leaves and cilantro, a wedge of lime, fresh jalapeno, lots & lots of bean sprouts and rice noodles. It is so hard to find good food if you are gluten intolerant so the rice noodles save the day for me. Everyone who has trouble with gluten should check this place out - great tasting food and the best service ever. Oh, and everyone who doesn't have trouble with gluten should check it out too - it is so yummy!
4	I first noticed this place when I was going to get my haircut at Bushwacker's in the same strip mall.  Being that it has been awhile since I've had Vietnamese food I decided to stop in here today.  The place is a little hole in the wall but the food is very amazing.  Their menu is HUGE - so much to choose from.  I can remember the number of what I had (I think it was 52) but it was a rice noodle dish with beef.  The portions are pretty large and topped off with quality veggies.  The staff is very nice and you can get your food to go as well.  The prices are very reasonable and less than some of the similar places around.  This is a definite recommend for me!
3	My husband and I love trying new dishes of all sorts and, unfortunately, most of the entree dishes here have been okay, but nothing to write home about. The real reason we return again and again is the pho.We've had pho from many places in the valley, but Nam Sao is still our go-to favorite. Flavorful, lots of accoutrements, and crazy affordable. After trying many other entrees and appetizers (which are all fine, just not amazing), I don't feel the need to keep experimenting. Stick with the pho and savor it! Yum!
1	I tried going here earlier today with my mom and sister and it turns out that it's closed!  We read the notice posted at the window that said that it was "temporarily closed for remodeling".  I sent a message to a moderator about the closure so hopefully it'll be updated soon.
3	Tried to go here with my fiance because we were looking to try something new. Place is closed and sign on door says closed for remodeling. No sign that any work at all has been done and done other reviews are 4mo old and have similar sorry. IMO this place is closed permanently.
1	I went to this place once and NEVER going back! The most dirtiest place I ever been to.How the hell are you going to have your employee sweep the floor while people are eating. DUST is flying everywhere. Price is alright and pho is not the best. Please try giving your customer more than one meatball that is not cut into quarter.
