2	Not going to beat around the bush with this one.. ..The decor is country/breakfast style.. the restaurant itself its kinda big.We waited quite a long time before getting a seat.. Then when we finally ordered, our waiter brought the wrong beverages and we waited quite a while for our food.I ordered the 'Montreal Star'  which is just your basic, Bagel with Cream Cheese,Smoked Salmon,Red Onions & Capers.. It wasn't bad.. The potatoes that come with the breakfast plates were pretty tasty. The Eggs Benedict were quite bland, but the Banana Pancakes are quite yummy! :)Price range is pretty much your typical breakfast place.. 5-15$ I guess?So, all in all, if you live in the area, try it out.. but I wouldn't go out of my way
3	THis isn't one of my favorite places but it's much better than some other places I've been too. I really enjoy the potatoes. They are very tasty. But the eggs benedict are something to avoid. It comes in a bowl and the hollandaise sauce is bland and super watery. I tried it at 2 different occaisions and it wasn't any better. But if you're just going for bacons and eggs, it's fine. Nothing over the top.
4	Really good spot for breakfast conveniently located to shopping spots nearby.  I had a good ol hearty bacon and eggs breakfast, but man the plates are massive.  The pancakes seemed to be really good as well.  The pitcher of chocolate on the counter where the waiters picked up dishes caught my eye.  I'm assuming this is to pour all over some of the pancakes.... man I can just imagine the sugar fits that must go on at this place.  This is a definite repeat the next time i'm in the area. : )
4	It had been awhile since I've been there.  A friend of mine from south shore stopped by on an early Saturday morning and I told him I would introduce him to the best breakfast potatoes in the large Montreal area.  He wasn't disappointed and me neither! They are just phenomenal!!The place is bigger than it was before the fire a couple of years ago, but the interior decor is pretty much the same.Best breakfast in town!
