5	Simply fantastic! KW has another new Gem. Some may find it pricey, but I've never regretted paying for top quality food and service.Wheelchair/walker friendly
5	Hard to find but worth the effort! Have had dinner here twice, and both times been impressed with the food. The tapas are all pretty good, esp. the pork belly sliders and fried chicken. The first time I was here, the patatas bravas were cold and undercooked, but my second visit proved more positive in this regard, and the patatas were crisp and delicious. I highly recommend getting their drink specials, as they're often a very good deal. The first time it was the vodka-based Public Punch, and then on the second visit had the cava special ($6/flute). We hit up the Wednesday oyster special ($2.50 each or $2 after 7 p.m.), adding a line-caught tuna special and those yummy sliders as well. The oysters were all shucked perfectly, no grit, and came with mignonette/hot sauce/cocktail sauce. The tuna was lovely, cooked extra-rare as I'd asked, on a bed of edamame and pickled hot peppers. Service is efficient and friendly, and our waitress was happy to tell us about an upcoming food event in KW. She even brought us an extra little treat, as well, which was an unexpected and welcome surprise. Will definitely keep coming here, as I'm getting tired of similar places in uptown Waterloo.
4	This restaurant was the substitute choice for my partner's bday, and I'm so glad we ended up there!!! The service is excellent, the food exciting and delicious, as well the space being a lovely spot to spend time with friends. Good beer and wine selections too.  I was there on tapas & oyster night and we really enjoyed the oysters. I don't believe that they serve espresso though... Not entirely sure.
5	The food was flavourful and presented beautifully. The cocktail special that night (French Connection) was delicious. Service was on point, too - genuine and attentive.
5	Best tapa place is the region. I highly recommend you to make a reservation a day prior to make sure you have a spot. Also, the restaurant can only seatt 8-9 tables of 4, so make sure its not a big group.That being said, prepare to make your wallet bleed. They have oyster and wings night, both are my favorites.Also try their wine listing if you don't have to drive.
4	Public Kitchen provided us with a very pleasant dining experience. We shared 6 tapas (warmed olives, crab and shrimp melt, patatas bravas, confit pork ribs, roasted cauliflower salad, and the scallops), and a dessert (fresh doughnuts). Our favourite plate was the crab and shrimp melt - it was perfectly balanced, light and flavourful. The ribs were incredibly tender, but the chimichurri sauce it came with didn't really add anything. The dessert was fantastic, just enough after the meal. We had two cocktails, the Lillet Hound and Basil Lemonade. Both were very tasty. We also had coffee after dessert; it was definitely the worst part of the meal - incredibly underwhelming, bland and obviously not fresh. It was a pretty disappointing end to an otherwise wonderful dinner. Like others have mentioned, it is not an inexpensive way to have a nice dinner, but it is definitely a fantastic way to try a sampling of wonderful foods in a very pleasant, hip atmosphere.
5	This was the best meal I've had yet in KW, bar none. High-quality food, comfortable atmosphere, and attentive service. The place was full and we were lucky that another reservation cancelled right before we called, or I doubt we would have gotten a spot. The address listed is correct, but we drove right past initially without noticing - it's in a fairly nondescript spot near a strip mall with little signage to see at night.We ate:Arugula salad with walnuts and house-made baconDuck confit crepes Crab and shrimp melt on toast*Scallops with Serrano ham and cauliflower puree (our favourite dish)There was also a wide selection of beer (I had Galt Knife from Grand River brewery) and cocktails, including one which we saw being made and topped with gold leaf.My only regret was that I wasn't hungrier, since everything we tried was great and the rest of the menu looked just as good. Can't wait to come back.
5	WOW were we surprised this restaurant exists in KW! We walked in and was super pleasantly surprised by the cute and friendly and investing decor and music. It's not too loud here either. It's very cozy. We made reservations on the day of and was supposed to sit at the bar but surprisingly got a table. The menu looked great and the service was excellent. The food was also good! We came on a wings night and their wings isn't like the sketchy wings at a traditional wings place it's like a classier version of it but super good too (we got the cranberry chilli one). The wine list is also extensive and the servers seem all happy and excited to be here. All in all excellent place!
