5	I have had terrible experience with Hertz the last like, 3 times renting there, and decided to give this place a try.Wow, these guys have got it going on.The customer service is unmatched here.They really do what they can to make you happy. I even had engine trouble on the way back from my trip, and they compensated me, without me even asking! I had to make sure to write a good review from them. Also if you book in advance, you will have a better chance at sealing a good rate.Watch out for conventions-ALL rental places will have skyrocketed rates!ANyway, I will most definitely be back!
5	I had to rent a car for a day while mine was being fixed under warranty for an A/C failure. The lady at Enterprise got me an awesome van that accommodated my large group, gave me rides to and from the service department, and made an otherwise terrible experience (having your car blow up on vacation) into a rather nice day in the end. The prices were very fair and there was zero hassle. Highly recommended.
5	Everyone was helpful and friendly. It was especially nice to get the pick up service from the hotel. - We could not have been happier.
5	After my car had an unexpected run-in with a pillar at Fashion Show Mall and had to be in the shop for an estimated 3 weeks, I was directed to the Sahara office of Enterprise. They picked me up directly from the shop and shuttled me to the facility. The representative there was so accommodating, knowledgeable and friendly. Their computers were down that afternoon and she was able to efficiently quote a vehicle, write the contract and get me a car quickly. Even though that office is rather small and didn't have too many cars available, she was able to get me into a little SUV comparable to my own car. She also assured me that Enterprise would be doing all the follow-up with the body shop and State Farm, so there would be absolutely nothing for me to do on my end. I got the same treatment upon returning the car a few weeks later. Great customer service with a smile is what you'll be getting from this location of Enterprise Rent A Car and I would definitely return if ever in need of a rental!
4	Very pleased with this location.  The customer service was friendly and everything was accurate.  The price was as quoted with no surprises.  The only reason I can't go 5 stars was the car.  We had a Camry that had been abused badly.  The bumper stuck out on the sides like it had been wrecked, the car shook when the brakes were applied, and it had bad stains all over the back seat.  Other than the car though, the location was on the mark.
5	The service was outstanding from this location, they went above & beyond for us. Justin was very informative, helpful & friendly. Unlike the location at Gaudin Ford on Roy horn way.  These guys on Sahara were all really nice and friendly while we waited.
5	I rented a car that had a tire blow out. They immediately sent out two guys with a new car. They were apologetic and never tried to blame or charge me for the repair. Their customer service was above and beyond what I expected.This is the second time I have had tire issues with an enterprise rental, so CHECK YOUR RENTALS TIRES, before leaving the lot. This problem could be really dangerous!
5	We rented the car for a day - friendly, helpful and quick service. When we checked out the next morning, they offered and drove us to our next hotel. We couldn't have been more pleased. I'll definitely use them again!
