3	We ordered from Villa Reale after a long supervisor's meeting this morning.  Villa Reale is primarily a pizza joint, but we ordered sandwiches figuring to each his own.I'd read very mixed reviews of Villa Reale so I was a little hesitant about ordering from here.  But my 6" Italian hoagie was as good as any I've had from any other Downtown place like Monte Cello's.
3	We ordered from Villa Reale due to its proximity to our hotel (and the fact that it's open after 7pm--what's up with this city? Are they all at home watching football and hockey games? Not that I could blame them!)The pizza's alright. The crust is great, but when I tried to peel off the first piece, the cheese stayed in the box. :( Maybe it froze while we were running back to the hotel. We also got some fried mushrooms, which are excellent. They come with a tomato-based dipping sauce. Mmm. We found out later that this is one of the few places you can get beer (to take out) after 7pm. Good to know.Overall, it was fine, but not outstanding.
3	Salad just okay. Iceburg lettuce :(. Pizza pretty good.
3	Decent pizza and calzones.  Get rid of the canned mushrooms! Crowded at lunch.  Calzones are huge!
3	Well folks, it looks like the end of this bee-yoo-tee-full October weather we've been having is nigh!  Tomorrow brings the cooler, more rainy weather we'd been so accustomed to before this autumnal respite.  I had one last chance to dine al fresco today.So which type of fare would be best for outdoor dining?  Hotdogs?  Nah, I'd already done that.  Hoagies?   Hey, now we're talkin'!  MMMM!  To quote Adam Sandler, "Hoagies-n-grinders, hoagies-n-grinders" (but no navy beans, navy beans!).  Villa Reale may be a typical downtown pizza shop, but they've got good hoagies here.  I went for the 6" pepperoni topped lettuce, tomato, onions & cheese and a brewed ice tea.  It was the perfect way to end a season of outdoor lunches.
1	ZERO Stars.  Today, my friend in a wheelchair came in and his friends wanted to sit at the bar for a slice.  They asked if there was an exception to the rule about being at the bar.  The manager told my friend that he could not be accommodated.  That's illegal and immoral and absolutely disgusting.
3	The guys over at Slice (http://slice.seriouseats.com/) have a theory called "The Pizza Cognition Theory" This theory states that one's pizza preferences are derived from their first truly memorable pizza experience. While our tastes may vary as we age, ultimately we are on a quest to recapture that first great pizza taste. Villa Reale is the place of my first great pizza memory (groan if you may but it's true). Growing up in Latrobe I had become accustomed to mediocre, chain pizza. Not until I was about 12 did I get my first taste of super thin, floppy, extra cheesy, greasier than normal pizza. This was the stuff I dreamed of. My dad took me here prior to my first ever Pens game. The Villa holds a soft spot in his heart as well due to the many many post work nights he spent here slugging beers and eating pizza with friends. Fast forward 13 years and now I am the one working downtown, slugging beers and eating post work pizza. Unfortunately though, Villa Reale has become so expensive that treating it as a weekly stop is a bit unreasonable. While the pizza is still super thin, floppy, extra cheesy, greasier than normal, I have trouble paying $15 for a slice of pepperoni, a coke, and a side salad. On another occasion my dad requested to come here as his payment for helping me move. A medium calzone, a slice of pepperoni, and two cokes ran me $35. Villa Reale, please come to your senses and adjust your prices. While you played a significant role in my childhood, you are pricing yourself out of my adulthood.
2	Villa used to be really good and reasonably priced.  Ever since their facade renovation, addition of a ice cream machine, and maybe even date a little farther back ... the overall offerings are overpriced by about $2.00 per item on average.The pizza is good, but if you order during rush hour you're in hit-or-miss territory for quality and temperature.  Hoagies are usually good regardless of how busy they are, it's just a matter of how long it'll take between ordering the hoagie and finally getting to eat said hoagie.  I haven't tried their salads or other dishes ... but for the most part I have heard nothing but positive reviews about their food.I've never been a huge fan of thin flimsy crusted pizzas ... so while nice sometimes, I continue looking for a nice thick slice of pizza that I can adopt as my "go-to" quick lunch in Downtown Pittsburgh.
4	Update time:  How easy is it to win me back?  Remind me how good your hoagies are, that they're not overpriced like the Pizza is, and then serve me endless glasses of Coke Zero.  That's how!  Villa has regained a fan in me...good hoagies and Coke Zero...SWEET!
4	The canned mushrooms are gone!  Hurray!  Went back today for lunch for a pepperoni and mushroom Calzone.  It was huge!  The price was $12.25 which is a little high for lunch but it was very enjoyable.  The dough is very thick.  This is the best Calzone I have ever had.  It is filled with lots of cheese and toppings.
2	The only good thing this restaurant has going for it, is their bar! They have 22oz glasses!!!  and is very close to my job, which is great for an after work drink The food is terrible I mean the worse of the worse, I am not a big fan of Italian food and it's because of restaurants like this!! On one occasion I made the mistake of ordering food from this restaurant I had tortellini  in a tomato sauce,  I've had better Italian food from a can.More is not always better the serving size could easily have fed six grown adults.
2	Meh - it's not that there was anything bad about the pizza, it just didn't blow me away or anything.  Good for a quick lunch at the counter.
5	If you are looking for pizza in downtown Pittsburgh, don't go anywhere else.  That is all.
4	I didn't discover the Villa until a year and a half after working in the city!  it is kind of tucked away, but the place is always busy.  I have only been there for lunch, and have never disliked anything I got.  They have the pizza you can buy by the slice and pick your toppings along with their many other specials.  The one bartender there is super nice and wears the cutest hats.... I think their homemade sauce is really good too.  The restaurant could use some major updating and remodeling.  otherwise it is a good lunch stop!
1	Done with this place...  It seems every time we go there they get slower and slower.  Today we waited 50 minutes for a cheese pizza that we never got before walking out.  I complain to the guy making pizzas and he says "you're not the only one's here".... Well, he secured the fact that I will never be back again.
4	This is a great little stop on Smithfield Street.  Frankie the bartender is a major plus and the food across the board is a plus. They offer a wide range of pasta dishes, hoagies, and pizza. I have to recommend the pizza. Though i have tried about a dozen dishes and no complaint. I usually get a slice of pizza and today I added in a side of meatballs. I do want to add you won't be paying a fortune at this place.  The service can get bogged down at lunch but the staff will get you in and out. Try it out and go hungry! I bet you won't spend $10. Bring a few friends and split a pie. ;)
4	So I started a new job downtown (I moved from NYC during the summer), and some coworkers took me here just last week for lunch.  Since the move from NY, I'd been really craving some quality, New York-style pizza, and hadn't had a ton of luck finding any (although the search introduced me to some excellent "Pittsburgh-style" pizza joints, so I'm not complaining.)  Villa Reale really came through.I loved that you could order a slice with basically whatever toppings you wanted (I'm used to being at the mercy of whatever "slice" pie has been languishing under a heat lamp for 3 hours).  I ordered a pepperoni and sausage slice, and the small feast that was presented to me did not disappoint.  The slice was huge, the pepperoni crispy, the sauce really balanced (not too sweet, not too garlicy), the cheese fresh and delicious and the crust...oh man...thin and crisp on the outside, pillowy soft on the inside.  One slice was perfect to fill me up for lunch, too.  Full disclosure: while the wait staff is so friendly, they do get overwhelmingly busy at lunch.  We went to the place at 11:00 so we could sit at a table (if you want to dine-in and order a slice during lunch, you can only sit at the counter, not a table, after 11:30) and by 11:30 the place was standing room only.  My coworkers informed me that somehow, their pizzas are even better when ordered by the pie (hard for me to fathom) and also that their hoagies are delicious, so I'm sure I'll be trying one of those next time.  It's not the most inexpensive pizza joint downtown (I think my slice ended up being $4-$4.50) but if you're a recovering Noo Yawker like me looking to fulfill some culinary nostalgia, this is your place.
5	Best pizza is Pittsburgh. I have been eating there for years. Most consistent delicious pizza. Good hoagies.And if you need a slice or 2 on the go, they are huge. If you want a drink just in to the back where the bar is and get a pitcher of beer and a large pepperoni.
