4	I was expecting to be crushingly disappointed when I walked into El Nopal. For any lover of Mexican cuisine, *all* the red flags are there--location at the Stratosphere across from Perfumania; sign advertising "Mexican and American food" in requisite national colors; kitschy, Aztec-derived decor; Carribean salsa masquerading as Mexican music. Nonetheless, I decided to enter and made a shocking discovery. This place makes an amazing, authentic carnitas burrito!!! I've been on the quest for carnitas for over 20 years, and it's rarely prepared correctly. You know what I mean--that grey, pulpy crap with globules of fat that often passes as pork. Ideally, it should be lightly crispy, chopped in small pieces and well-seasoned with salt and cilantro. When it's done right, a thin stream of grease should collect at the bottom of the tortilla. And that's exactly what I got here!Take in mind, I don't believe in ordering a burrito with tomatoes or lettuce. When you're eating fried pork, there's no reason to dampen the flavor with off-season greens. So here, I ordered the burrito with meat, refried beans and rice inside the tortilla. A bit of tomatillo salsa verde on the side (provided free at their salsa bar) and that's it. With the substitutions, the burrito came out to $10, with a few XX Ambers for $3.75. Not the cheapest bite in town, but filling and tasty. Take in mind, I'm not going to vouch for any of the other items on the menu. I also have a difficult time believing what I experienced, and plan on returning soon to see if it's a fluke. But until then, El Nopal has my heartfelt recommendation--the first I've given on the Strip.
5	WOW! My daughter and I went there for breakfast only b/c we had a coupon and were in the Stratosphere. What a surprise! The heuvos rancheros and the Acapulco omelet were delicious! The salsa was outstanding. The decor was nice. Compliments to the Chef!
3	The place looks bland but they have decent food. I would go back if I was staying at the Stratisphere
4	I like the concept of them cooking basic food for you (tacos, quessidailas, burritors, etc.), and then you dressing it up with all the salsa that you want.  This makes it easy for ANYONE to enjoy their food. I also like that they had a breakfast selection here. The food was good, and fresh tasting...I kind of wish they packed out the tacos more for the price of what they were.
4	Coming from P-Town (Placentia 714) I am accustomed to decent Mexican food at average prices.The girls and I were staying at the Stratosphere and after a hard morning of drinking we wandered down to the restaurant level on our way up to the Observation Deck.  After grimacing at over priced McDonald's and cringing at the scent of hot dogs and pastrami we found El Nopal tucked in the corner.  I was pleased to find that the food was decently priced as this was a total budget weekend for me.  The three of us opted to split shredded chicken nachos which we devoured.  I've never encountered nachos where you have more "stuff" than chips and these were them.  We also ordered a side of rice in hopes of soaking up some of the booze in our bellies and it was actually really tasty.  I think the three of us were satisfied for about $8.  Woo!  The next morning we rolled, bleary eyed, out of bed and all we could mumble was "eggs, bacon, breakfast burritos..."  My two eggs and bacon and a Nerga Modelo was under $10.  The eggs were cooked well and the bacon was gloriously greasy.  Throw in some toast and hash browns and I was almost human again.  Vanessa R. said the tacos were sub par and other non-Yelper friend said the burrito was ca-ca, but I wasn't grading too hard I suppose. I will gripe about how long it takes just to place your order.  Both visits in a 36 hour period began with us watching the lone cook work the griddle while we waited for someone else to appear to take our order. We got no "be right with you" or "just a sec' which goes a long way with me.  It also a shame there is so little seating.  Whenever we walked by the place looked packed and before I had put my napkin in my plate a woman was breathing down my neck like a vulture.  Also too bad they close pretty early.Next time I stay at the Strat I'll stop by and see if this was the booze talking or just the prices...
3	Very decent Mexican food. I was pleasantly surprised to find this in the Stratosphere.
1	$8 for a horrible veggie burrito.  No beans and rice but it was full of frozen veggies.  Weird. And then to make it even stranger they slathered it with cheese and some funky sauce making it more like an enchilada.  I left wondering if anyone working here even knew what a nopal is?
1	Don't eat the breakfast...utter shit. Wish I had eaten the less healthy McDonald's a few hundred feet away at half the price.The wife and I only at the breakfast here where I'm assuming is not where they excel based on the other reviews.  Either that or nobody in the area knows what Mexican food is supposed to taste like.Will not be coming back.
1	This place sucks balls. It really does. We only stopped in because we needed something quick to eat. I go the shredded beef taco bowl or whatever the hell it was. My fiance go the bean burritos or whatever the hell it was. When I say, "Whatever the hell it was", I mean that it SUCKED and it was not the most generic mexican food I have ever ever eaten. This place should be shut down because they are lying. They should just replace them with a TACO BELL.
3	This place wasn't bad.  I actually ate here twice during a one week stay at the Stratosphere.  My biggest gripe was that the signs located around the retail shops at the tower advertised the Chile Relleno.  Both times though, they did not have the Chile's.  Also, the salsa bar only offered 4 types of salsa.  I'd loved to have seen a real variety here.  The food was edible though, and it's nice to be able to stay at the Stratosphere and  not have to be stuck eating the same things over and over again.
4	First off, I like the Strat and I like little hole-in-the wall kind of places that surprise me with good food.  If you prefer higher end accomodations or dining, you may well disagree with me.  We found El Nopal while wandering the upper mall level on a trip to Vegas in August 2011.   I love Mexican food and had to try it.   We split the nachos and I had a burrito.  The burrito was good, the meat was tender and everything was fresh and made to order.  The nachos were freakin' incredible!!!  There was so much on the platter it was hard to find a place to start.  What made everything better was the salsa bar.  Again, the little things impress me, and while the selection was a bit limited, the tomatillo salso and the pico de gallo were fabulous.  A couple days later, we went back for more nachos after a night of drinking.  They were perfect again.  We had lunch one more time before leaving.  I stuck with the burrito, this time shredded chicken, and it didn't disappoint.  The last time, there was a bit of a wait, but worth it and the staff brought our order to the table when it was ready.  We went back again in October with friends and again the nachos were a hit.  Clearly the best thing they serve, in my opinion.  We went for the breakfast one morning and it was just ok.  If you want some awesome nachos, and good salsa, check this place out.  It is quick, cheap, with generous portions and I found the staff to be super friendly every time.  There are probably better Mexican restaurants and it is important to note that they advertise as Mexican-American food.  All I know is that my next trip to Vegas is already planned and I know I'll be going back.
5	Nothing wrong with this place, it's relatively cheap compared to just about anywhere on the strip (well it's not exactly on it, it's inside the Excalibur hotel on the upper level where the shops are). The food had good taste and it felt good to eat something that wasn't fast food. My wife and I had two coffees, breakfast and a side of beans we shared it because they gived you a lot and everything was about 13 dollars and we still could not finish everything. Highly recommend it!
4	This restaurant is located in the food court of the Stratosphere. Desiring Mexican food and not wanting to venture out of our hotel, my family and I decided to give El Nopal a try.The horchata here is delicious. I ordered a carne asada wet burrito. My sister got enchiladas and my dad got a taco salad. The menu selection is wide and so there are a lot of decisions to be made. You can help narrow your choices by choosing the form of food (e.g. tacos, burritos, and enchiladas). My sister's shredded chicken enchilada was better than my burrito and my burrito was better than her shredded beef enchilada. The shredded chicken was nice and moist.My family and I decided to come back the next day for breakfast/lunch. I got the shredded chicken enchilada and again it was good chicken. I was also able to consume the refried beans with the rice quite happily. Finally, I had a taste of my mom's eggs. I liked the taste. The eggs were prepared with cheese and green bell peppers.
4	Good food and cheap! Try the quesadillas!
4	Per usual I am not a fan of Mexican.. Never the less the wife dragged me here. And per usual I didn't leave disappointed. Kinda lower end feeling place but fantastic food. I got a quesadilla and shredded beef and it was very flavorful. The wife got a fajita salad which she said was good. We also got some nachos with shredded cheese on top and a couple drinks.. Paying $26 for a meal in Vegas which isn't bad. If you want a little cheaper McDonald's is right there but I can't suggest that.
4	I have always enjoyed my time here. I always get take out because the atmosphere isn't my cup of tea but the staff is always very friendly. The prices are great, the food has always been enjoyable & the salsa bar is amazing. I'd check this place out if you're in the mood for Mexican food!
4	Not the most authentic Mexican food but it does the job. I've tried the veggie burrito and it was a bit disappointing. The portion was huge but it was just bland, I felt like it was missing something. I've been going back and ordered just the sides of refried beans and rice, for $1.99 each you get a huge container of both.The portions are huge and the prices are cheap. The sides are a great deal.
1	Another huge disappointment. This place was recommended by a Mexican employee in the VIP office. I wouldn't be surprised to find out this meat is leftover from the Carver station upstairs which I think is leftover from The Top Of The World. Was definitely not the Mexican food I'm used to in San Diego and even in mexico itself. The wait to get just a burrito was ridiculous long. I counted 25 minutes before my eyes started boiling. Not impressed by the handful of chips to make the $12 burrito look like a good deal. I'd be embarrassed if I were Mexican to recommend this place. I told the girl I was disappointed and she took it as a racial insult. Not the kind of 'sorry it was bad' I was expecting. Jandy is not qualified to recommend anything and I'm wondering how she has a job there.
1	Menu sucks, food blah! I'd rather eat at taco bell, and I don't even like taco bell. Crappy overpriced food and terrible service.
5	It's more like a fast food restaurant. You order and pay for your food at the cashier counter and pick up your own food at the pick up counter. I ordered the Chicken Sizzling Fajita, it was very tasty. There's a salsa station which I like the best that you can pick whatever salsa you like.  Also, we came for breakfast, it's cheap and tasty.
