5	Wow. Did brunch today, as opposed to dinner from the previous review.Outstanding. 3 little waffles with fresh berries and a lemon-pistachio butter(?). Best waffles I've ever had. Light and crispy on the outside. And not just "fluffy" on the inside. More unique - almost like a popover texture in the middle. Not overly sweet, just the crispy, moist waffles with natural sweetness from the berries and a handmade syrup from fruit.Then a whole nother course: scrambled eggs on top of melting gouda, next to toast with pesto and artichoke hearts, bacon and chicken breast stuffed with sausage.Either one of these courses could have been my whole brunch. But I couldn't resist eating both. Thank god we rode bikes there and back, and then rode again later to dinner with friends in the hood.And great news! Smokehouse Sunday is theoretically starting next Sunday at 11am. (for future reference: this review is from Oct 2008)
5	This has to be one of the most quaint and romantic cafes in all of Scottsdale.  This is a cafe for those who really enjoy a good meal, with perfect company, in a perfect setting.  The food is good...and GORGEOUS!If you are a picky eater, this may not be the place for you, because the chef (Chris) greets every person, speaks with him/her briefly, and decides what ingredients are the perfect blend.In some ways, it is unfortunate that this cafe is so small (maybe 6-8 indoor tables???), but then one would never feel the personal touch that such a small cafe affords.This is definitely one of those restaurants that I want to share with all my family and friends.
5	Loved every inch of this charming place.  Original and creative.  Not your cookie cutter restaurant that's for sure.The owner put his heart and soul into this cafe and I hope people will give him a chance.
5	Cafe Monarch is romantic, quaint, charming, and quirky...a nice change of place and pace in Scottsdale. The chef, Chris, cooks with love and artistry from the moment he greets you to the moment he serves you. My salmon dish was prepared perfectly (I told him I wanted something healthy) with a blend of mixed vegetables. It just wasn't the meal itself that was good, but the presentation and portion of my meal. Too bad I didn't have my camera with me, but it was beautiful. He then surprised me with a small slice of bread pudding for dessert soaked in (vanilla?) cream sauce. Is he a mind reader, too? Bread pudding is one of my favorite desserts.The one thing that makes this place so unique is that there's only one chef and maybe another server to help him out. Remember, patience is a virtue. Don't expect a large menu, though, because there isn't one. Simply displayed on a chalkboard are a few items you can choose from for lunch. I will definitely be back to enjoy his brunch.Oh! And for those of you not in the know. I love (addicted) to coffee and I kid you not...my coffee mug was never empty. Chris kept that baby and my caffeine levels loaded. Maybe I should marry this guy?
5	I love, love, love this cafe!  The atmosphere is close to perfect.  In fact, I lunched there today with a professional photographer, and she was so impressed, she asked Chris (Chef/Owner/Proprieter) if she could return for a photo shoot, to which he obliged.The food was beautiful (as always), cooked to perfection (as always), and a wonderful new combination of foods (as I have come to expect).I continue to tell everyone I know about this place!
5	We were trying to figure out a place for Sunday brunch, and I drove past Cafe Monarch on my way to Arcadia Farms once (such a disappointment) and thought it would be fun to try sometime after seeing its stellar reviews on yelp. When we were figuring out a place, I suggested we come here and it was nothing short of phenomenal. Between the six of us we had five bottles of champagne, so we settled on the patio for a leisurely lunch. Once we were set up with a giant bucket of ice Christopher, the chef/owner/server/everything-in-one, came over and went over the menu of the day. Our choices were a cold salmon poached in jasmine tea with a cucumber salad served on a bed on red wheat salad (my choice), a baked french toast with a Merlot sauce or a strata with spinach, cheese and bacon. I had the salmon and there were two orders of french toast and three of the strata. It took quite a while for our food to arrive, but who cares when you have good conversation, delicious wine and a beautiful patio to enjoy. (Not to mention the intoxicating aromas wafting from the kitchen.) When our food came, not only were we each awarded with our meals, but he brought us a PLATTER OF BACON. Seriously! He said it was for the french toast (we only had two orders) but there must have been close to two pounds there. On to the food because really, that's why we came. My salmon was the perfect cool temperature (I hate it when it's ice cold) and there were two large pieces. So large that one would have been enough, but I would never complain. The cucumber salad was cut into long, julienned strips and complimented with a touch of dill. The red wheat salad was perfectly chewy and nutty (why don't more places serve grain salads?) and combined with grapes and heirloom baby tomatoes. The french toast casserole was sitting in a sweet Merlot sauce (and also maybe a vanilla sauce of some sort) and was garnished with fresh berries. The top was brown and crispy and the inside was tender, sweet and creamy. It was akin to best bread pudding you've ever had, only lighter and creamier. The strata was filled with fresh spinach and cheese and made from ciabatta. Like the french toast it was tender and creamy inside and it was hard to stop stealing bites off of my friend's plate. I would a been thrilled with any of the three breakfast selections that morning. Each was superb and two of the six of us were professional chefs and neither of them could find fault in anything. We licked our plates clean and couldn't stop talking about the food. A complimentary dessert was brought out of a platter of fresh strawberries dusted in powdered sugar and citrus zest, served with a bowl of chocolate ganache. I was the perfect light finish to our meal on a warm spring day. This really is my new favorite restaurant. The only thing I can say is don't come here if you want a quick meal, but why would you ever want to rush something like this. Coming here is an experience, not a quick bite and I wouldn't have it any other way.
5	Where do I start with the Cafe Monarch experience?  I guess at the beginning.  Last winter a good friend took me to lunch at Cafe Monarch and it was love at first bite.  Christopher, the owner/chef/server/bon vivant and everything came over and described all the choices, but I asked if I could have the bacon/fig/pepper club sandwich as a salad.  He said yes and it was LOVE!!!!  So, now the food makes you misty and so does Christopher.  Most salads can start off well, but about halfway through you are thinking that while good, it's the same thing again. Every bite of Christopher's salads is a new experience, from start to finish.  One bite might be savory and sweet, the next crunchy and spicy. You cannot believe that a salad can have that many fabulous permutations, but it does and it happens every time.  And if there is hummus, don't even get me started!!!After that first experience, Christopher and Cafe Monarch became my MUST EAT place. The setting is intimate and artsy and European and funky and just plain FUN!!! The food combinations are seemingly endless and it never disappoints.  I spent my birthday there with my husband who is a picky or some might say "fussy" eater.  He doesn't like sauces or too many combinations and on and on.  I was a bit worried that the birthday evening could devolve into something unpleasant if he didn't love it as much as did I, but there was no need to worry because he LOVED, LOVED, LOVED it.  It was one of the best birthdays ever.This led us to beg Christopher (yes, we were willing to beg) to return a bit early from his summer closing to create the perfect birthday dinner for my husband's BIG birthday. I won't say the age, but it was one of THOSE birthdays where you want to make sure it is special.  We had 17 people for what everyone has described as the most magical evening they have experienced, perhaps ever or at least rarely.  People that I would never have expected to "get it" were immediately bowled over by the ambiance, the intimacy and the fun that prevailed.  When someone asked me after the fact how I would rate the experience on a scale of 1 to 10, I said without hesitation 400!!!  In life we often want things to match our pictures, this so far exceeded our pictures of the evening that it at times defies description.  When you are at Cafe Monarch you feel you are at home or at the home of a dear, intimate friend.  If food is love, then this is the place of boundless love.  I have just finished lunch there today and will be heading back on Saturday for our anniversary.  For us, it is the best "go to" place in the Valley and I have lived here a long time and eaten a lot of great food.
5	I recently attended a private party at this restaurant.  Not only was the food extraordinary, the chef is outstanding.  He lovingly prepared dish after dish after dish of culinary delights!!  The ambiance is small, intimate and comfortable.  The price (well, it was free but still) as I understand it, was very reasonalbe.  This place is a gem!!!!
5	Just left the cafe and we were compelled to write a review.  The chef is incredible.  The cafe is cozy and very inviting.  You can tell it has a loyal local following.  We will surely return on our next visit to AZ.
5	Chris at Cafe Monarch is an extremely talented and inventive chef who puts those skills to good use making great food that's healthy, tasty and satisfying.  If you want single bits of exquisite ravioli, one pea and some coconut foam, you're at the wrong place.  If you want a great meal, read on.We went for his Smokehouse Sunday - the best ribs I have *ever* had, great chicken, great sides.  We've been for lunch - amazing salads, a fantastic take on the BLT: now, I understand, off the menu, and I can't wait to see what's replaced it..BYOB; there's a reasonable selection at the Circle K round the corner, and their walk-in beer fridge is a great place to spend five minutes when the sun's beating down outside.
5	OMG!  We had the best lunch at Cafe Monarch a week ago!  We entered the restaurant and immediately Chris welcomed us and gave us options as to things to order.  We picked, he accommodated our special requests and we sat on the patio under an awning in the shade.  He brought us delicious Iced Tea with some sort of Hibiscus.  The food came relatively quickly and every bite kept getting better.  The combination of fresh ingredients, the choices that he used, you could taste the flavor of each different distinct element, all the time making the sum greater than the parts.  The conversation with Chris was also fun, we talked about life and it was much more in depth than you'd get at most places.  All in all, we are so grateful for Yelp finding this place for us and your recommendations which helped lead us there.
5	Want a new favorite spot to celebrate life with great food, friends, your favorite wine and candelight?  This is it.  Call Christopher (your new best friend that can -really- cook), tell him what you like, and relax and let him work his magic.  The food, setting and ambiance are magnified by his passion for delivering perfect experiences, and you're sure to leave here feeling full, and lucky to have found this (on yelp no less...maybe this site is good for something!)If you're on the fence, don't hesitate.  this is a winner.  Great for bunch, lunch or any special occasion, we also come for the best quiet time away from it all that we've had in ages.   If you're looking to chase the crowd to the next hot scottsdale eatery, or overpay for wine don't go here. (gotta love byob!)  Truly unique, If you find anything like this in AZ, please leave it in the comments, becuase we haven't.
5	Excellent!!! i just want to say I want to go there every day!!!
5	Cafe Monarch is more than a restaurant - it's an experience. If I had to put an analogy to this one - I would say that most restaurants are like watching a concert on tv and this place is like being in the front row at a great show. I was immersed in Christopher's beautiful world and entertained the entire time.As Camille H mentioned, this place may not be for everyone. There is no menu provided to pick things from. This is not a place for a quick snack, although, I bet if you asked, Christopher would provide it. If you are a picky eater or have food allergies, call ahead of time. But if you go in with the mindset that you are going to be surprised with a meal full of the freshest ingredients, wonderful combinations of flavors and fantastic stories to every dish, you will not be disappointed.I am not sure I would bring my five year old to this place. She would enjoy it, but I think my husband and I will get most out of our dining experience with a babysitter. Since Christopher is a one man show - chef, server, host, story teller, etc. etc, each course takes awhile, and my child's attention span most likely would not last through the entire meal.For a description of the amazing food we ate, please see Camile H's review. She described everything perfectly.This is my new favorite place in the valley. I can't wait to go back! Highly highly highly recommend this experience!!!
5	Incredible! What can one say? It's like eating in a master chef's house.6 stars ******
5	This place was amazing! The chef whipped up a very tasty creation right on the spot. We had no idea what he was going to cook for us. And his dish did not disappoint. Every bite was an explosion of flavors. Will be highly recommending this place to all of our friends in AZ.Oh and bring cash.
5	I walked into Cafe Monarch and knew instantly how my dream kitchen would look, how my dream restaurant would be laid out and how my dream clientele would be. We had called in advance to see if Chris could prepare a vegan meal, a request he gladly obliged, and we were welcomed warmly in various ways: 1) A lovely greeting from Chris, excited to meet the vegan with additional questions about how food can be prepared, 2) prompt opening of our bottle of red to get us started, 3) a cozy seat by the fire outside while he prepared appetizers.The food was fresh and delicious, though I think he may have been timid and slightly insecure about not being able to cover anything on my plate with cheese. After an hour long post-dinner chat about vegan cooking secrets, he was (dare I say) excited about the idea of trying something completely new in the kitchen. So regardless of the food, which sounds odd because that's the main component of many of our reviews here, his contagiously friendly personality, openness and fervor for food were worth many more stars than this rating system will allow. Bravo and I can't wait to go again.
5	To be surprised... and joyously so! That's what comes to mind when I think of Cafe Monarch.It is definitely a place where one can practice the arts of "going with the flow," "shooting the breeze," "smelling the roses," and whatever other cliches you can think of that involve taking the time to enjoy oneself AND the people your with AND the setting that surrounds you... It's about being here and now and definitely not in a hurry. If you can do that, then, you will have a wonderful time.It's an interesting dynamic. If you walk in, everything will be a surprise... but the man of all trades in the land of the Monarchs, Christopher, will accomodate you as best he can with the ingredients he has on hand that day. It is a very casual conversation you will have with him in lieu of selecting off a menu. You'll discuss allergies, likes & dislikes and what's available in the kitchen. The day a friend and I went, Christopher was cooking lamb... he described it has very Mediterranean with olives and I immediately stated my un-love affair with the pitted fruit. He then said he could make a lovely orange glaze and both my friend and I said that'd be wonderful... and oh was it... the Lamb, the Spinach with Barley and Pineapple... the pretty Tomatillo and Roasted Pepper... all of it was DIVINE! (Refer to pics to drool and be jealous). If you were vegetarian or vegan or didn't eat lamb, at this point in the scenario, the experience may not be the best it could be, so you see, you must be open minded and equipped with foodie cojones just walking up to an establishment like Cafe Monarch and just in case, be equipped with a Plan B restaurant... if you do end up using the Plan B, I feel very sorry for you... you'll be missing out!A better way to go if you are picky, or have a specific allergies/diets is to make reservations for dinner and discuss all that with Christopher prior to dining. I have yet to try this, but can't wait for my second dining experience at dinner time! Whichever way you choose to approach this unique cafe, there is an element of Chef-surprise, and I think that is SPECIAL and we are lucky to have Cafe Monarch in Metro Phoenix... it truly is an experience.One final tip: Bring CASH, Christopher only deals in "paper." And this can be another analogy... Plastic = Fake, Paper = Real = Cafe Monarch!
5	Pinch me!  I must not be in Arizona anymore...Cafe Monarch could be in a small village square in Tuscany or a foggy northern coastal town of California, but no, it is right here... hidden away on 1st Avenue in Scottsdale! I have found my new favorite restaurant.  Off the beaten path, in a cute, self styled space, Christopher has made a comfortable and wonderful cafe.  Original, charming, and completely without attitude.  Leave yourself in Christopher's hands and he will serve you a meal that will make you smile.  Great ingredients, simply prepared and beautifully served.  Call ahead for dinner, bring a bottle of wine, some cash and let Chris decide what to make you.  You will be in very capable hands.Do what you love and the rest will follow!
5	I have yet to make it to Cafe Monarch, although I can't wait.  I've called 3 times though and Christopher himself awnsered every time.  I was shocked since it is a "one man show" that he was available and so willing to chat for quite some time with me about a possible private party at Cafe Monarch.  The Bend, Oregon reviewer who couldn't "get a call back"...... it was obivously a flukey glitch.  If you knew what people went through to eat at Chris Bianco's place and are never ever disappointed, you would have of tried harded.   I would of tried again and again in anticipation that this place is just as wonderful.
5	This food was amazing! This was the best meal I have ever had omg so delicious! Chef Christopher has an amazing gift! I could taste every favor in the food and everything was homemade and cooked to perfection! Lunch was delicious! Dessert was amazing! I already made a appointment for next weekened!!! Highly recommend. Thank you so much Christopher! :)
5	Wow! I was in town on a week long business trip and the one thing I look forward to most when I travel are the meals. Cafe Monarch was a highlight of my trip. As soon as I walked through the door I felt cozy and right at home. Chef Chris asked me what I preferred out of a few selections and I went with the lamb chops and spinach.  Usually I'm pretty picky about lamb and always inquire about prep but I left myself in his hands.  Chef Chris served me a perfectly cooked thyme rubbed lamb with a wonderful citrus sauce.  Spinach was prepared with garlic and a hint of mint which complemented the lamb perfectly.  Simple, fresh, delicious...Just remember to bring cash
5	This restaurant is a wonderful gem in the heart of Downtown So Sco!! Chef Chris is absolutely fantastic and I can't wait to go back!!!Don't forget your own wine ($10 corkage/bottle), cash and your big appetite!! Love it!!
5	My partner and I had our anniversary dinner at Cafe Monarch last Sunday.  It was a wonderful experience.  Chef Chris was very charming.  The weather was cool and he had a couple of outdoor fireplaces going with fragrant pecan wood. We had the whole place to ourselves outside!  It was very romantic.  The food was simply outstanding--we placed ourselves in his oh so capable hands!!We are already looking forward to going back with some friends.  Plan ahead on your dates and you will not be sorry!!  This special place has been discovered.  Enjoy the experience!!
5	WOW!!  This is a great, hidden gem in Scottsdale.  Based on the great Yelp reviews, this place will not be hidden for long!My wife and I went here for lunch last week. We felt like we were eating at a friends house instead of at a restaurant.  Chris, the owner and chef, is a great cook, improvises magically and is very personable.  Instead of ordering from a menu, we were told by Chris what he had available in the kitchen...and he then offered options on how he could prepare to our tastes.  How great is that.I started with a strong cup of coffee...Chris serves Cafe Du Monde...which is primo coffee which speaks to the coffee enthusiast.  My wife and I split a great French onions soup....which was great if you like onions!  I followed with a chicken sandwich with roasted peppers, goat cheese, spinach and cilantro. My wife had a chicken sandwich as well with bacon, fig, spinach and mint.  Both sandwiches were amazing and innovative.  We took notes on how to make to repeat when we got home!However, the best part of Cafe Monarch is Chris...a great chef and business owner.  He cares about his guests, what they eat and sincerely wants you to have a great experience....and we did. We'd go back again...and if I'm back in Scottsdale for business...I will!
5	I've been wanting to write this review for a few weeks now but life keeps happening. That and the fact that I realized any way that I try to describe my two experiences at Cafe Monarch will come off as hyperbolic because it's just that damn good.Chris is amazing and I'm honored to say that I have eaten his food. His coffee has chicory in it for the love of God. He understands balance of flavors, freshness and service. Above all else, service. My first trip, I was solo and after chatting with me a bit, as I was leaving, he asked me to bring the kids next time.So I did. I came on Sunday for brunch and brought my husband and my 8 (nearly 9) year old son and Chris spoiled him rotten. For the person who checked that it was not for kids: Maybe not for entitled, bratty kids who do not know how to sit and entertain themselves for longer than an hour. But for polite, well behaved ones who understand and recognize what good food is? It's perfectly fine. Again, I was encouraged to bring mine and Chris did not disappoint, they were like two peas in a pod. Chris was even impressed that my son already knew what kind of cheese he had scrambled into his eggs. A lovely experience at a charming place with amazing food cooked by a talented man.See? Hyperbolic...but true.
5	My new favorite restaurant in Scottsdale!!  Awesome service, amazing food, great atmosphere.  Watching Chef Chris maneuver about the kitchen and tables is like watching theatre...  I haven't posted to Yelp in quite some time, but this place made me get on here same day!!
5	I too have been meaning to review for quite some time.  This place is unique in terms of Scottsdale.  The atmosphere is intimate and romantic.  Chris is a wonderful host and multiple times has accomodated for us being late for our reservation.  Our dishes have always been outstanding.  The best part- BYOB!  Having a 5 course dinner with two bottles of wine for 3 people for $150?  I'll take it!  There's no other place in town where you can get this kind of value.  Chris makes a point to get to know you a little more each time your there and last time we were there he even kept the place open late just chatting with us.We will be back and I'm sure based on the other recent reviews that it will be harder and harder to get a reservation here!
4	Even though I didn't get a chance to eat here on my recent trip, Chris earned me as a fan when I stopped by. We'd just checked out of the Valley Ho and were heading to the Fairmont when I noticed the sign for Cafe Monarch. Having read all the great reviews, we pulled into the parking lot so I could jump out and make reservations for later in our stay.I instantly liked the look of the place: cute, cozy little house with some porch seating. But I was still taken aback when I walked in and realized the main room was seating and open kitchen combined--in a very small space. Chris, partially hidden behind kitchen racks, greeted me right away even though he was clearly busy. I explained that I wished to make reservations for a friend's birthday on Monday. He said they're closed Monday through Wednesday (the remainder of our time in town), as he plated some amazing-looking salmon on a bed of greens. I think I looked really sad (mostly because I just wanted to grab one of those plates of salmon and dig in), so he said he was really sorry but he hoped we'd come back when next in Scottsdale.You know I will, Chris. I'm just worried that it will be even harder to get a table next time! ;)Note: I also asked for a menu to take with me, but Chris explained that there's never a set menu since he changes it daily, depending on which fresh ingredients he can source.
4	During a visit to Scottsdale last month we joined the few, the proud, the happy diners who have had a chance to experience Cafe Monarch! (Apologies to the USMC for co-opting their recruiting slogan in the above.) This venture is truly a labor of love for chef / owner Christopher whose passion for his endeavor shows through in every detail, from the ambiance to the food to the service. Arriving a little early for our 6 pm reservations on a Thursday night, we had a chance to speak with a couple of Christopher's friends who had dropped by to see him and learned that he created the wondrous space of Cafe Monarch out of what was formerly a beauty salon. In fact, Christopher shared that earlier that week, and perhaps even earlier that day, he had been working to replace an interior door and make some other changes. A never ending "adventure" of putting the stamp of character on Cafe Monarch. Normally we might start a review with a discussion of the food we enjoyed, but the Cafe Monarch experience is so much centric to the persona of the owner that it might be best to start there. Christopher is a charming man with a convivial style and it doesn't hurt that he is pretty darned delightful to look at as well! Plus, he is a talented chef and does all the menu planning, shopping and cooking. No assistants or sous chef here. (In discussion with him, we learned we can thank his mom for his great cooking skills...in that he needed to learn to cook for self preservation!) He is also an accomplished host who serves the meals and circulates during the evening to make certain that his guests, whether dining inside or outside, have what they need. On the evening we arrived, there was pecan wood burning in two outdoor free standing fireplaces, offering a wonderful aroma and which would provide warmth of temperature and ambiance both for those who arrived and elected to dine outside as the evening evolved. We chose to sit inside where we could soak up the eclectic charm of the restaurant and enjoy watching Christopher at his craft in the kitchen. A nice couple from Washington state came in and sat alongside us and in enjoying an evening of delightful conversation with them, we all marveled at Christopher "in action". Our dinner that evening started with a salmon appetizer that included thick (poached?) nuggets of the flavorful fish served with a slice of grilled eggplant (unique combination and worked so well) along with a wonderfully flavorful fresh herb pesto, capers and a slice of good, grilled crostini. We all agreed it was so Delicious and the serving size so generous we could have stopped there and been happy. But there was more to come in a choice of two entree selections, one was slices of pork (loin?) served with a fresh mango salsa and citrus sauce and the other chicken paillard served on a bed of creamy polenta with cheese and surrounded by a lovely pool of tomato sauce. All of the seasonings were just right as was the temperature of the food at service. We finished the meal with a baked Bosc pear topped with wonderful warm chocolate sauce and puff pastry dusted with confectioners sugar. Ahhhhh.....yummmmm. As others have shared, there is no liquor license here, so you'll have a chance to bring your own bottle of wine (we love being able to do that and to be able to share it, as we could on this evening,with the couple next to us.) Bring cash as our understanding is Christopher does not take "plastic". To plan for the cash, we'll share that our dinner that evening, that we think included a $10 fee for corkage, was $98 or so, including tax, for two people. On our next visit to Scottsdale, we hope to be able to have lunch at Cafe Monarch and sit outside to enjoy Christopher's hospitality and great food again. A closing note for this review is to mention accessibility. We have a heightened awareness of that issue of late and also note that the NY Times has included accessibility comments for some time in their reviews,with a renewed focus after food critic Frank Bruni had a favorite dining companion start to use a wheelchair. While Cafe Monarch is on one level, there is a step up to the restaurant, all inside seating is at "bar height" chairs and the bathroom is not accessible for wheelchairs. As we enjoyed our evening at Cafe Monarch we thought of two friends who would love it, one an attorney and another an artist and gallery owner, but who use wheelchairs and would need to know in advance that although the Yelp tag says "wheelchair accessible: yes", the access here is limited.
5	Totally agree with M M R's review.  Well done.  I'll try a short and sweet version:One man band - Christopher does it all...and I mean all.  While food is fantastic, the experience is what makes this a one of a kind place.  Bring cash and your own wine.  Don't be picky, let him bring you what he is making.  You won't regret it.
5	Excellent meal and experience! I went here for dinner last night and truly had a wonderful time. The food was excellent and the atmosphere was very romantic and relaxed. Christopher, the Chef & Owner, was also the server, bus boy, host and manager. He did it all and did it perfectly. When I made the reservation he called me back to find out what kind of food we preferred and to find out if we had any food allergies. I told him seafood and beef and that we weren't picky eaters. He had a delicious shrimp and asparagus dish for me and a pork tenderloin in a beef and smoked chipotle bbq sauce for my boyfriend. Both were excellent! He even asked me what herbs I liked to prepare my shrimp entree with. Never been asked that before!Our reservations was at 7:30pm and we didn't leave until 10pm. It was a long and very nice evening. The price for a three course dinner was $40pp and then $10 for the corkage fee. I don't know where else you can get a meal of this quality for the price. It is officially one of my favorite restaurant's in the Valley and can't wait to return. Next time will be for the brunch I keep reading about. It'll be the perfect way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
5	After reading several on-line reviews of Cafe Monarch promoting its concept of a personal chef for a night, and fantastic food preparations it became a "Must try!" for me. I went with a group of 4 people total (two from out of town) to enjoy chef Chris' creation. We made reservations several weeks prior for a Sunday night. We were hoping for Saturday night, but it was rented out for a private party, which is quite common for this place. We show up and get seated at our table inside in a little bit of an alcove so we were away from the rest of the tables, and certainly enjoyed the privacy afforded by such placement. Chris comes right over and welcomes us, double checks for food allergies or special preparations (he asked when we made the reservation as well), and opens our bottles of wine (BYOB in case you did not know). He tells us to relax and enjoy ourselves while he prepares the first course of hummus and arugula salad with capers and corn chips. The portions are very large and most of the table did not finish the dish completely, saving room for the main course. The main course comes out and we have our choice of pork medallions in a citrus pepper glaze or a salmon fillet with a tarragon cream sauce. We get two of each in order to try as much as possible. Neither dish disappointed. The pork was cooked perfectly and tasted like it was dry rubbed with a red pepper mixture and then grilled and topped with a sauce that resembled confetti. As best as we could tell it had a mango and pineapple base with basil, chilies, and a variety of other seasonings. The pork was good enough to stand on its own, but the glaze made it exponentially better. The salmon was pan fried and topped with a simple cream, sherry, and tarragon mixture. Once again, the protein is more than capable of standing on its own, however the sauce takes it to the next level. Dessert was a poached pear dish in a burgundy reduction with a chocolate drizzle and a puff pastry, which was mentioned in previous reviews. It was very light, and a perfect ending to our meal. Overall the meal took about two and a half hours, but we were in no rush and really enjoyed ourselves. Chris was an amazingly gracious host and making people happy seems to come to him NATurally. It was a wonderful experience and we plan on making up reasons to justify going back to see what else this one man band can serenade us with again and again.
4	This place rules. My wife and i went for a Saturday lunch and it was awesome.  Chirstopher was still setting up when we got there, we were first in the restaurant, so we just sat and pulled a book off the wall and hung out.  So, not much to say that hasn't been said.  Not really a menu, there are a few items that he has prepared for the meal but anything can be customized to your liking.  I had a BLT on grilled bread with dates and barley salad that was probably the best i've ever eaten.  My wife had a roasted pear salad with red wine glaze and a huge hunk of quality blue cheese, and she added a chicken breast and he didn't bat an eye.  Every bite was so full of flavor.  The place itself is pretty small, and the chef prepares your food like 5 feet away, every table inside is essentially a chefs table.  You can talk with him and observe while he cooks, as long as its not too busy.  The atmosphere is awesome, books on the walls to check out, all kinds of pictures, and for me the open kitchen is the entertainment.  This place is cash only and BYOB, so be prepared.  We only went for lunch but looks like a perfect place to take a couple of bottles of wine and hang out for dinner.    This place was awesome, can't wait to go back.  Bring an open mind and a good dose of patience and i don't see how you couldn't love it.
5	The setting could not be more perfect - an sweet outdoor patio with a glimpse inside of a small rustic interior, the entire operation carefully orchestrated by the chef/owner Christopher. We had a delightful brunch, felt we could be in Provence, and ate the most wonderful and interesting food. It was a sort of quiche but lighter and taller, filled with sausage and topped with a delicate sprinkling of cheese. A beautiful green salsa sauce well placed to the side and some divine-ish asparagus, artichokes and mushrooms to the other side, made the symphony of flavors complete. Our second visit to Cafe Monarch was just as wonderful as visit #1 for a Saturday lunch.  Now, we are delightfully planning our first evening visit to enjoy the 3-course dinner and showcase this gem to our visitors from CT in late April.
4	Pros - Unique dining concept, Owner/Chef/Waiter/Busboy Christopher is very fun and engaging, great small restaurant ambiance (3-4 small tables indoors, large outdoor dining), BYOB, and creative food experience.Cons - Your meal is influenced by other people's food preferences.I took a large group of out of town visitors to Cafe Monarch because I read such great reviews on Yelp.  Reservations are key to dining here.  When you make your reservation, you need to provide Christopher with your food preferences and he whips up a meal for your group based on what you tell him you can't eat.  It's definitely not a place for picky eaters.  The meal he created was good and made me want to come back to see what he'd make the next time.  Be forewarned, this was a 2-3 hour dining experience so don't expect to dine and dash.
4	The BF found this place on Yelp and promptly made a reservation for a 10 person dinner. I was especially intrigued by the idea of unique menu semi catered to your preferences. We arrived Sunday evening and was greeted (by name) by the owner/chef/one man show Chris. He told us that even though he was feeling under the weather, he was still going to serve us dinner and with a smile too! I was amazed at his ability to make a meal even with 10 different taste preferences (vegetarian, no red meat, not too much cheese, etc etc. we were a picky bunch). We had this zesty pesto pasta, a really yummy herb spinach salad, some rib thing (grilled pear for me, the vegetarian), and frickin' DELICIOUS blueberry marscapone waffle dessert. Al that food + BYOB = happy, happy Peggy.I totally recommend this place because of the great ambiance, personalized service, and the curiosity/mystery of not knowing exactly what you're going to be eating! Plus, Chris has a great personality to boot.It's approx $40/person plus $10/cork fee. Cash only, so come prepared!Oh and I highly recommend a reservation.
5	Imagine being invited over to dinner by a friend who's a gourmet chef. Your friend is a great host-- friendly and engaging, the setting is warm and welcoming-- an outdoor patio with trellises and a secret-nook feeling, and the food is divine-- full of flavor but never overpowering the main ingredients. Well, that's what my friends and I experienced at Christopher's "Cafe Monarch" last night. From the moment I sat down, I forgot I was at a restaurant, and felt instead like Christopher had invited my friends and I over for dinner. He was a gracious host, and made sure all of our needs were met. The opening dish of grilled eggplant, buffalo mozzarella, pesto, and tomatoes really got my tastebuds going, and it didn't stop-- from the bonus dish of penne pasta in a creamy sauce with feta and chicken (which he shared with us as he was already making it for the group next to us), followed by pork tenderloin (the juiciest I've ever eaten!), and topped off by a dreamy dessert--  the sweetest strawberries with chocolate, bananas, and blackberry compote (you'll have to excuse me if I don't get the descriptions totally right-- I love food, but am not a total "foodie").Anyway, I was just blown away by the whole experience. Christopher has it down perfectly-- and I am astounded that he does it all by himself. And I was amazed by how affordable this special experience this was! (Just make sure you bring cash- as I don't think Christopher takes credit cards)Cafe Monarch is a magical place. It is obvious that this is the manifestation of Christopher's heart and soul! I can't wait to go back!
4	I was lucky enough to visit Cafe Monarch about 2 months ago for a friend's birthday, and I can't wait to go back!  Tracy's review was right on the money when she described this place as being invited to your friend's house for a home cooked meal.  (If your friend was a fantastic chef and host!)  Don't forget to bring a nice bottle of wine to share, as this place is strictly BYOB.   Chris, while busy, was a fantastic host/chef and catered to our every need.  (Even tossing out our corking fee - Thx Chris!)Be sure to make reservations well in advance, it fills up quick because the place is the size of your living room, but it is well worth any wait you may have.  Be warned though, going here is an all nite event - do not make plans for anything later in the evening!  (And if you do, you will be prepared to cancel them all at first bite -  it's that good!) Overall, this place is simply gnat-tastic!  *wink*   ENJOY!
5	Truly exceptional .......plate by plate, Chef Chris is sure to delight your palette with his fantastic flavors and fresh ingredients. Go there, just not on the days I want to go back...I don't need you getting in my way! :)
4	this place was delicious!  the menu is limited (Chef's choice), it's BYOB and they only accept cash, but it is a unique & fun experience.  I highly recommend going!
5	I was in Scottsdale on vacation and needed to fund lunch in a pinch. I used my Yelp app and came across Cafe Monarch. The rave reviews were spot on. I could not have been more impressed. This is not the type of place that you expect to find among the chain restaurants in Scottsdale. It is a hidden gem! The owner is the chef, the waiter and the bus boy. He was very friendly and accommodating to a food allergy at our table. The food was outstanding!
5	Last night I hosted a party of 28 at Cafe Monarch for my husband's 50th Birthday.  Christopher (and his wonderful assistant David!) handled everything beautifully.  Our guest were blown away by the venue, food, and comfortable atmosphere ... not an easy thing to pull off with this crowd.  Calamari and shrimp ceviche, prosciutto with cantaloupe salad, pork loin ratatouille, and a dessert of fresh strawberries with sweet whipped cream over puff pastry drizzled with chocolate... it was perfect!  We brought cases of wine and champagne and we had a beautiful, fun wine bar. For an evening in mid May, the weather completely cooperated and we were able to dine on the front porch.  We had a wonderful time... as I was able to completely leave all the details to Chris with the complete confidence that it would be wonderful.  I was not disappointed.  We had a relaxed evening celebrating with friends and family. Thank you again, Christopher.
5	Finally made it to Cafe Monarch.  It was as good as you've all said.  Wonderful atmosphere and the food was ahhhmazing.  Chris is very relaxed and you feel like you are a guest in his home.  I couldn't understand why the open kitchen wasn't a mess?  It was spotlessly clean.  The restaurant itself was charming and hip.  The braised ribs fell off the bone when you tried to pick them up.  I've never ever had anyhing that tender before.  The fried catfish.....delicious. The polenta, even my husband with texture issues said, "wow, it's addicting".   The appetizer was a bed of some sort of delicious greens and black eyed peas, topped with a huge slice of a perfect tomato and a cut of goat cheese.  The flavor combination was out of this world.  We both ate every bite.  The dessert was simple but elegant.  Fresh whipping cream, strawberries, a puddle of chocolate and puffed pastry sticks that he readily told us how to make.  He is so kind.  It was definately a 'dining' experience. ...... 2 hours.  We were getting a bit antsy just towards the end and only because we had our child with someone.  No one else was budging, even ones that had been there longer then us.  I thought the prie-fix pricing was low for what we got.  Things like the sprig of mint and a big berry in our water glass that was not only beautiful but delicious!  Considering that he is literally the only person working there, the service is fabulous.   Our water was always filled.  When dusk came we received a darling oil lamp to light our table.  Although the lighting on the porch/patio was perfect anyway.  We brought white wine so an old milk barrell with a beautiful terra cotta urn came to the the table to keep it cool.  The hip thing was that that table next to us had a wood milk crate and an urn brought for them.  The crate was turned to be open towards them and Chris put a candle down in the bottom of it and it was so hip.  He's definately got a nack for ambiance and cool. Most definately a wonderful anniversary dinner.
5	Unfortunately, I wasn't able to make it out to the Ole Cafe Monarch till the last day of the season!Today, It was his memorial day BBQ.  Absolutely amazing.  The Rib sauce had a slight tang, but was also rich and deep to the palette.  The chicken glaze was different and was so good and really could stop to think of what ingredient might have made its mightiness.  Home made mac-n-cheese yes please!  It was so good I ate almost the entire cup. My family humiliated the giant plate of ribs and chicken without hesitation.  Delish!A note on the regular season...  there is really no better place to get a meal, especially a romantic on,  this is the place.  Bring your own bottle of wine or two and get a 3 course meal in authentic fashion from Chris.  The price is ridicules for what you get.  In a good way I mean.Visit it next year in September.  You will not regret it!
5	This is a must see, must do restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale.  If there was one restaurant I'd recommend in the entire Phoenix metro for a great meal/experience this would be at the top of the list.  Cafe Monarch is great and sure has found a niche that it thrives well in.  Very out of the ordinary with the owner holding the duties of chef/hostess/busser/and server, but he sure does it well. Having a very limited menu posted near the front door proudly tells what the chef wants to serve his patrons for that day. There's only two to three items listed with little description.  I was a little confused myself as I like to understand and take control of things, but I soon realized this was something to let the creator(the chef) to have his way with.   His creations come with enormous skill glorifying fresh ingredients into a dish that can appeal to anyone's palette.  I've enjoyed salads with salmon and chicken the times I have visited, but who knows what will be on the menu on my next visit.  Whatever it is, I will must certainly try it! Two final matters, bring cash as the owner doesn't like give up the 3-5% the credit card companies like to charge for convenience of the American consumer.  Lastly, you will have to wait until September to enjoy this place as it is closed for the summer.
5	My husband stumbled upon this spot while in old towne Scottsdale and said he had found a place I was going to love. He promptly made reservations and we went on a Thursday night. The atmosphere was low-key which was exactly what the doctor ordered and our meal did not disappoint. I am in the design field and let me say that though the food was the star attraction, the decor of the place was amazing too. The owner did the interior himself. Impressive. We are hooked.
5	A little paradise tucked away around old town Scottsdale. If you've always wanted to have chef to cook for you this is the place! If you're a picky eater I suggest you call ahead of time to check up on what is being served here. The menu varies day by day and is usually up to the chef to decide. If you're having dinner here I recommend bringing a nice bottle of wine to enjoy with your dinner. Talk to the chef and you'll have a lovely dinner!
5	I have to say that I'm very sad it's closed for the summer months, but good for Chris for taking some well deserved time off as this is a one man show.  Chris does everything, I do mean everything, from cooking your meals to washing the dishes.  Every experience I've had there has exceeded my expectations from the food to the service.  This is one of the few hidden treasures of the Valley.  Though do not expect to a quick in and out.  Expect to stay and savor your meal and your dining experience!
5	If you are looking for a Unique Dining Experience, this is the place! Cute atmosphere but the food is some of the best I have ever had. I love that there is no menu and you get what you get. I make enough decisions every day and it just feels good to let the experts handle it! The three course dinner was so amazing I took photos! The only thing I would love to see is chairs the are more comfortable. But hey when the food is so good the hard chairs don't seem like such a big deal. Great job Chef Christopher!
5	Cafe Monarch is everything the five star reviews make it out to be and more. It's a must try for a unique brunch/lunch/dinner/whatever experience in the valley! I'm reluctant to review this place since I don't want to wade through patrons on my way to another lovely Sunday brunch, but my taste buds will not be deterred. (Plus I have until September before they re-open, so there's plenty of buffer room.)It's an impromptu fly-by-the-seat-of-whatever-the-chef-feels-like-whipping-up type place. The kind of place where you show up to breakfast and are asked one question: Sweet or savory? So whatever you do, leave those picky eater at home! When it comes to dinner, you don't want a wonderbread palate ("Um, I don't eat anything green...") influencing the meal. Chef Christopher is a dynamo in the kitchen, and you need to leave that one man show plenty of room to create his masterpieces. No exaggeration, his dishes are crazy delicious masterpieces. It's like having your own personal top chef customizing something just for you.The fact that this place is BYOB makes my heart smile. I love sharing a couple bottles of good wine or champagne among friends over dinner, and the fact that I don't have to pay a restaurant mark-up is ideal. He's also cool with you brining in some orange or cranberry juice for  DIY mimosas in the morning. There's a $10 corking fee, but considering the fact that a glass of wine is often more expensive than that, it's a screaming deal. Be forewarned that this is a dining experience rather than a quicky meal. A much more European approach to lingering and enjoying the food, drink and atmosphere. It will take you a couple hours to get through everything from initial seat and greet with the chef (who doubles as the waiter/busser/todos!) to your last scrumptious bite. Totally worth every minute of waiting. Also, you might not want to come here starvin marvin. And definitely don't invite anyone you can't stomach hanging out with for a couple hours. Let's wrap it up:-Don't bring picky eaters.-Don't come so hungry that you'd eat the ass end carpaccio out of fresh roadkill.-Don't bring socially awkward schmoes that will suck all the fun out of the room because you've got to be around that for hours, man. Hours.-Do BYOB, and don't be afraid to bring a mixer for mimosa fun.-Do bring cash only, and tip very, very well. (He deserves it!)I now set you forth upon the world with the knowledge necessary to enjoy all that Cafe Monarch has to offer. Use it wisely.
4	I went there with a frnd today afternoon for a brunch !! Its a lovely place and one of the best that i have been to in Phoenix ! Luved it..Go here when you have plenty of time to realx as you wud want to spend a lot of time wen u see the place.Few things about this place - 1. Its a one man show - Christopher runs this place and handles 'everything' by himself.He is very cordial and welcoming 2. Its BYOB.I noticed Chris helping guests with their bottles i.e opening it for the,serving it as well..I didnt expect that so i appreciate him for that3. You will have only 2 options--Sweet ( Baked Lemon ) or Savory ( Egg Stratta that has mushroom,goat cheese,aspargus tomato )..Each plate $20 flat.Also includes a drink of your choice..I had a really nice 'Aqua Fresca'..Its like a fruit punch.He also had green tea , coffee, hibiscus tea.Bdw these 2 options are different every day :-)4. Cash onlyI luved the decor of the place..very neat & clean  , limited seating indoor ( around 5 two seater tables and 1 four seater ) . Also has outdoor seating.I will surely go back there soon !!
4	I don't know what else to say that hasn't already been said! I went here for my birthday and it was such a nice and special occasion. Having Christopher cook for you and talk to you is such a unique dining experience and I wasn't disappointed. However! I would have appreciated being told to have cash up front. Also, it got really smokey in the restaurant (it is so small) and everyone's eyes were tearing up towards the end of the meal. I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	Welcome to another secret garden of Old Town Scottsdale. Are you wondering where Cafe Monarch is located? Well, it's hidden in the most delightful way and I wouldn't want it to be any other way. But if you really want to find it (and I don't know if I want to give the secret away), I will say that it's located just south of Indian School off of Goldwater. When a restaurant has a five star average and nearly 60 reviews, they've got to be doing something right. Cafe Monarch is no exception. After months of anticipation, Cafe Monarch finally reopened its doors after a summer hiatus and I couldn't wait to give it a try. Through yelp reviews, I heard that you come prepared to eat what the chef feels like making that day. Yelp friends, don't question the chef. He knows what he's doing. He knows what you want more than you yourself know what you want. I began my meal with a freshly made hibiscus iced tea. It was the perfect refreshment to enjoy the warm weather on the adorable patio surrounding the restaurant. Since this is BYOB, the chef mentioned that this iced tea is also quite tasty with some vodka in it, but since I had a long day ahead of me, I went the alchi-free route this time. Possibly dinner next time? The menu had a variety of items to choose from including a chicken pesto sandwich or salad and a prosciutto panini. I went for the chicken pesto sandwich after the chef said it was his favorite (and remember, don't question the chef's choices) and I couldn't have been more pleased. The chicken was roasted to perfection and moist with freshly made cheesy pesto giving it a hug. Situated on a freshly made french baguette, it was a treat to put in my mouth and I secretly didn't want the cuisine experience to end! To accompany the sandwich, the chef made a salad full of fresh cantaloupe, grapes and strawberries. I assume he makes salads based on the season and I was very happy the fruit season was upon us! The meal was perfect. It was light and satisfying in a perfectly peaceful setting. The house is adorable and I wish my own could resemble it. I think this could quite possibly be one of the perfect locations to dine on a lazy afternoon when I don't have a care in the world (or want to pretend that I don't). And before I go, I wanted to mention how nice the chef/owner is! He's very personable with his customers and makes each experience unique and delightful. I believe that delightful is absolutely the overall word to describe my experience at Cafe Monarch. Some things to note before you visit:- Cash only, so come prepared. I had an iced tea and sandwich with a salad and it was around $16. - BYOB and if you forget, there's a Circle K just next door to buy some "quality" booze - Be prepared to relax and enjoy yourself. For being a one man show, the chef/owner does an excellent job of preparing a delicacy in a short period of time, but the atmosphere is so adorable you should plan on staying to enjoy it while you're there.
5	Incredible food/experience.  Reading all the reviews prior to going I was a little skeptical that my expectations would be reached.  No issues with that.  Christopher was amazing.....cant wait to go back.
5	Everything we imagined and more. What a homey place to eat and chat and feel at home while away from the massive snow storm 2009 in DC.
5	Great BYOB.  The chef and owner was a spunky delight that created two beautiful dishes for our table.  The setting is such a treasure that you can't find anywhere else in old town.  Can't wait to go back for another wonderful experience.
5	When I heard about the restaurant while getting my haircut, it sounded very intriguing and interesting.  When I heard that the chef/owner was a one man show, I truly wondered how the service would be.  I pictured an "I love Lucy episode."  Well, I went last night and my world was rocked, so much in fact that selfishly I didn't want to tell more people.  I know, I know it's not about me, so here I am writing, It ROCKED! The ambiance, the service, the artistry of the plate, the quality of the taste of the food was ALL AMAZING!  Icing on the cake, the "one man show, chef/owner, Christopher was also very warm, funny, quick witted and on TOP of it all.  I'll be back!" Marc G.
5	Saturday brunch at  Cafe Monarch in Old Town Scottsdale is truly extraordinary!   As a "foodie" who has eaten at some of the finest restaurants in the world, I hardly expected to have one of the greatest meals of my life at a tiny, off-the-beaten-path cafe in Scottsdale. Even more amazing than the fresh, bright, and innovative flavors, attention to detail and quality of the food - is the whole operation is a one man show.   Yet, Chef Christopher manages to pull off a meal equal to that of a five star restaurant...all while waiting tables, answering the phone, cooking and charming guests.    The menu is different every day and limited, so between four of us, we ordered one of everything on the menu.   I had the most moist, delicious pork chop with a sweet chili sauce, simple salad and French style omelet and shoestring fries.   We also ordered the goat cheese panini  sandwich (with grilled vegetables and dried cranberries) and savory salmon with tomatoes and cream.   Each dish was  fresh, simple and prepared to utter perfection.   The coffee was bold, rich, hot and delicious.   We sat inside and talked to Chef Chris while he prepared food (the kitchen is open and in the middle of the restaurant).  Be prepared for a unique, fresh, dinning experience that is truly unlike anything you will find anywhere else.  Of note, it is cash only and BYOB.   Will be eating again here soon (this weekend)!
5	perfection!
3	The concept is cute and Christopher is nice but I was underwhelmed.  Given the perfect 5 star rating with 70+ reviews, I knew Cafe Monarch was a must-do on my list for my Scottsdale trip.  I was thrilled when Christopher told me that he could accommodate our party of 3 on Friday night.We arrived with our bottle of pinot noir (yay for $10 corkage).  It does make it simple that you don't have to decide what to eat.  The first course was a salad course with a grilled half pear and a huge chunk of cheese.  The cheese was delicious and the pear was so juicy and sweet.  The greens were underdressed and not my favorite.  But maybe I'm not a good judge of salads since I don't eat very many.The second course didn't come out for another 30 minutes and we were getting a bit antsy.  I know that there's only one chef and we should be more patient but I guess we were just hungry.  The second course consisted of ribs and vegetables.  The ribs were actually very tender and the flavor was quite nice; however, since it was a one-man show, the ribs were only lukewarm by the time the plates got to us.  I'm guessing that the ribs were done prior to the vegetables and the whole process just took too long.  There were sweet potatoes and other vegetables on the plate as sides.  The main criticism I would give regarding the meal (which I noticed in both the salad and the entree courses) is that the various things on the plates do not belong harmoniously.  Each item may taste good individually but their combination seems like an afterthought. Given the amount of flavor in the ribs, I expected the vegetables to be somewhat flavorful as well. The dessert was pumpkin cheesecake.  I guess pumpkin is kind of holiday-ish but I just don't think it goes that well with cheesecake. The cheescake tasted more like a pumpkin pie with cream cheese.  The consistency is not as smooth as you would expect in a cheesecake.Anyway, the entire meal lasted over 2 hours due to the long gaps between courses. We enjoyed good conversation over good wine so I had a pretty decent time.  However, the bill ended up being $60 per person with tax and tip and I think I've had much better meals at that price point.
4	Went here for my birthday lunch after a massage. My husband had the pumpkin soup with no volunteering to share! I had the panini totally yum. Loved the intimacy and delicious food. I will put this place on my Scottsdale circuit.
5	I loved this place.  I was a little hesitant about the concept, but I had a great time. My mom and older daughter were visiting from out of town.  My mom usually doesn't have dinner out because she eats so little. So when my daughter was visiting from LA we told her we were going there and that she didn't need to eat all, just whatever she wanted.  Well, let me tell you, grandma ate everything that was put in front of her,  even had the frog legs Chris served us as our starter. My daughter works production on TV in LA and she commented to Chris that he should be on Top Chef.  Can't wait to be back for another experience.
4	Shortly after I wrote my 3 star review, Christopher contacted me. He was very apologetic about our experience and wished that we had enjoyed our meal more.  He immediately offered to refund us the cost of the meal because we weren't 100% satisfied.After discussing his offer with my friends, we decided to take a 50% refund.  Let me just say that I was personally a little uncomfortable with this because while I have received refund/free meal offers from other businesses in the past, I've never taken them up on it.  I don't think it's about the money and I certainly don't write reviews to elicit free meals.  However, since the 3 of us split the cost of the meal evenly, I felt that it would only be fair if I took my friends' suggestions into account. Anyway, the refund check arrived in the mail yesterday.  I decided to upgrade my review to 4 stars given the overall experience.  It's rare to find business owners who value their customers as much as Christopher.
4	Took my wife and two friends to Monarch for wife's birthday back in April and had a wonderful experience. We arrived too early and it kind of threw Christopher off a bit. Wasn't sure how long it would take to get there, but he took it in stride and greeted us warmly. Love the concept and the atmosphere here, completely relaxed vibe but still upscale enough and a perfect celebration spot. Food is good, but Christopher and the restaurant itself are the real stars here. When we visited there was no assistant and somehow Christopher was able to talk with all of his tables and still put out high quality plates. Makes dinner a more intimate experience, which is exactly what a birthday dinner with friends calls for. Wife and i had fish and our friends had lamb chops. Meats were prepared well and tasted good, but the times between plates, sipping wine and looking over the fire are the reason we will be back. If you have a few bottles of wine that you have been saving for a great meal/experience with friends, give Christopher a call and make plans to visit Cafe Monarch soon!
5	I love this place. It is small, personal, and just full of good vibes. Chris is a one man show and yes, it is that crazy as it sounds. How he does it all, I am not sure. But, I can witness that he doesn't have 8 arms either. He looks so chill that you assume he doesn't know the definition of stress. Jealous? Yea, I was. Back to dinner. It is a byob = awesome. Pre fixed dinner of $45/person. You need reservations for dinner. When you call he asks you your preferences. Chicken, meat, seafood any allergies etc. You come in and he first serves the appetizer. Mine was an assortment of vegetables (mushrooms, eggplant, pesto, tomatoes) and lots of goodness. The entree fish cakes with this sweet sauce. Dessert was AMAZING. Fruits like plums and berries over this cream and flaky crust. It was aromatic and sweet, but just the right amount. Chris is so sweet and makes you feel comfortable. The bathroom was cool looking too :)
5	Oh boy!!! If you are in for some scrumptious, finger licking good home-made food this is the place to go. Chris is the chef and a wonderful host. He has an amazing talent with the kitchen. Everything he makes is devine and deliciuos. I had the honor of celebrating my post graduation lunch here with my family. They were all very impressed with presentation, taste, and mood; that they want to return, ASAP! More importantly, my 104yr old grandfather (who is a very picky eater, I might add) ate everything we served him and ZERO complaints. I believe he ate more than me!Thank you Chef Chris for such a memorable dining experience. You are soo talented.I will definately be returning.
5	Excellent with one big caveat which I'll save till the end.First, why five stars?  The foremost reason is the place (ie atmosphere).  One of the things I miss about San Francisco (just moved to Phoenix in Summer of 2010) are the small eateries with lots of personality.  They are difficult to find in this area.  Well, Cafe Monark fits that description perfectly.  Very small tucked away nicely in a quiet corner in the Oldtown.  The owner is the greeter, chef, waiter and cashier.  The place only has about 20 seats.The food is excellent and from what I can tell the set menu changes regularly.Lastly, it's BYOB with a $10 corkage.So, for the caveat, it can be slow.  That what makes it unique (run completely by the owner) can make it slow.  However, come with a nice bottle or two and enjoy the place.  The food is worth the wait and the experience is certainly unique.
5	My favorite restaurant....thank you Chef Chris!Chef Chris does it all...greeting, bussing, water boy, cook....everything.The food is so fresh and so delicious.  I will eat anything he brings out. He works his magic.   Such a cute place!  So charming.I love how Chef is able to juggle it all and still be able to socialize w/ the customers.  His modesty comes out when you rave to him about how amazing his food is.  Chef Chris is a people-pleaser.
5	This place is unreal.... best brunch I have had in quite some time.  The food, atmosphere and the owner make this place.  I went there on a business trip with my wife and baby.   I travel quite frequently and this is the best brunch place by far that I have encountered.  I will be back.
5	Cafe Monarch is a hidden gem. Coming here is just not like any restaurant where you order something from a menu. This is a genuine eating experience. Chef Chris is a one man show and treats each guest with care. He is a distinct artist when in comes to preparing dishes that will satisfy each distinct palate. I have come here for dinner and lunch, and yet have to try one of his Sunday Barbecue brunches. Remember, this place is BYOB (beer and wine) and only takes cash. Every bite is worth every penny. Thank you Chris for your hospitality.
5	Finally got to try this place for lunch and had a great experience. It felt like we were at Chef Chris's house with the dining tables right next to the open kitchen. He was very welcoming and friendly. I think it's amazing he does everything! We had a large group of 8 which can be overwhelming for a small place, but he was very gracious and managed to accommodate us and we had the dishes served family style which worked out well. Definitely recommended. As the other reviews state, this place is a one man show, so be prepared to wait. But when you have great friends, great food, and a beautiful day, it's time well spent to slow down and savor the experience.
5	Amazing Experience. Chris- the chef and owner was knowledgeable, funny, inviting, and accommodating. We were in for our law firm's Christmas Party. Chris made the whole experience wonderful. The soup, entree, salad, and dessert all tasted like they were made with love. I will be back.This is a great place for date night or out of town guests with a hard to please taste. Make reservations, this place is small and fills up nightly.
5	More than a restaurant, Cafe Monarch is a Phoenix must-do-before-you-die. As every review proclaims, Chris is a culinary maven who makes every experience unique and custom to the preferences and tastes of his clientele.This is by no means a large restaurant; the dining room fits maybe 5-7 small tables with views of the chef at work constructing off the cuff dishes. And while the idea is that you sit close together with other people--this is a neighborhood restaurant after all, you don't feel crammed among strangers.Definitely make reservations for dinner and be sure to tell Chris about any dietary restrictions. We stopped in for brunch yesterday at 11:30 but were easily enticed by the lunch menu displayed on the daily chalk board. Gruyere and cheddar grilled cheese with spicy chipotle tomato soup was the perfect meal for a wintery afternoon. Still hungry? Sure! Chris whipped up a chicken dish, lightly seasoned with chopped eggplant and sweet black rice which was enough for 2 but technically was for us to "split" only charging us for 3 plates total. A choice of iced tea or Cafe du Monde coffee was offered and we chose the iced tea infused with hibiscus and other fruity flavors, perfectly flavored yet unsweetened. Dinner runs about $50 a plate and bunch/lunch $20. Cash ONLY and BYOB ($10 corkage fee). Perfect for out of town guests, special occasions or if just you're craving delectable food. Even though it's becoming well-known, it feels like a secret place you discover every time you go.
5	Nothing that I can add that has not already been said. Great value for an outstanding meal served with class and great attitude. Will be back again and again. Thanks for a great evening.
4	Atmosphere was great. I love byob! The girls at the table ordered the filet minion and it was decent, but the boys ordered chicken and it was raw. The chef sincerely apologiZed and gave them catfish instead. They loved it! I loved the place the chef was nice and we will return again!
5	We have been here for dinner and brunch once and for lunch multiple times. Each meal was fabulous! Our favorites are brunch and lunch - such wonderful flavors and fresh food! We always make sure to order different items, so we can try everything!Christopher is very kind and attentive, and it is obvious that he really takes pride in this place. We love how beautiful the restaurant is, both inside and on the patio.This is definitely one of the places we go to when we have out-of-towners here. We will continue to come here many times over!
5	5 stars for a great setting decorated perfectly along with a stellar lunch treat. Decor goes with the atmosphere and food, which feels like you're eating at a friend's house. Kitchen is open to the dining room. We stopped in 15 minutes before lunch closed up, and Chris was nice enough to take our order. Felt like having your own personal chef. Really a cool eating experience all around. He was also really sweet to our 1 year old, and gave her a few things to distract her while we ate.
5	Cafe Monarch has atmosphere in spades and excellent food to match! Having just rolled into town for a work trip, we showed up before the day's menu had yet been written on the chalkboard. We were content to enjoy the serene ambiance over cups of cold water and a mug of chickory coffee as the chef chose the day's offerings and began prepping in the little kitchen that juts out into the dining area. The chef was friendly and fun, chatting with us and the other patrons that trickled in as the morning grew longer. Of the four or so dishes, I chose a grilled cheese with gruyere and a tomato basil salad, my companion a salad with roasted pears and prosciutto. I can promise it's not hyperbole when I say that this was the most wonderful meal I've had in a long time! The tomatoes were divine, the basil abundant and I don't even know what was in the dressing, but it was amazing. The greatest feature of this restaurant--besides the delicious food--is the chef, who is also host and server. He gave me a little tag with a butterfly stamped in blank ink as a souvenir on my way out the door. How could he know this is just the type of thing I save in little boxes or tuck into books to remember my excursions? I also enjoyed the charming decor with its the blue-tinted Ball jars, casement windows and pewter plates mounted on the wall. It felt a little French provincial--cozy and casual, yet elegant. Truly, there's some kind of magic about Cafe Monarch, which you'll have to discover yourself.
5	Chris is AMAZING! I shocked this guy normally handles the cooking, serving, greeting, etc. by himself.  The night we went, he had a waiter but that is because he had about 30 people in the place.  The food - two words, incredibly fresh.We were lucky enough to sit at the bar by his kitchen and we got to watch him cook.  He has amazing organizational skills.We started out with roasted peppers (garlic, rosemary, olive oil), arugula, proscittuo salad with toasted bread and freshly shred cheese.There were three choices for the main course.  Chicken w/chimichurri sauce, salmon with capers, green onions in a white wine cream sauce and sliced filet mignon over chinese black rice.  The rice had green onions, italian sweet hot peppers and other spices in it.  He squeezed a fresh orange and orange zest over the steak and then surrounded it with thai chile sauce.  The combination of flavors were incredible.Dessert was a napolean puff pastry with lemon cream, topped with tons of fresh blue and blackberries, fresh whipped cream, powdered sugar, etc.  Unfortunately, he was so busy that we didn't get to talk to him too much, which based on other reviews, was a highlight. We will definitely go back.  This is a treat!We've come back to San Diego and told all of our friends about it.
5	Excellent food!! Be aware, this isn't like regular restaurants, the menu is based on current fresh foods that are available. We hit Monarch for Sunday brunch and all 5 in our party loved their food and.....we all shared as well. All of it was excellent!
4	The atmosphere is relaxed and laid back. The menu, though limited, is outstanding. At first, I was worried when realized I basically had 2 choices that maybe neither would be vegetarian friendly, but I asked and was pleasantly surprised. The food was DELICIOUS. The coffee was great. The dining patio made me feel like I had stepped into some other world, away from the rest of Scottsdale. And I don't know if they put them there or not, but I saw several Monarch butterflies floating around the garden, which just added to the ambience. I will be back!
5	As everyone before has stated, this is a place you must experience!  I randomly stumbled upon the yelp reviews for this place last year when I was searching for a byob Valentine's dinner, and I thought the concept of the restaurant was interesting.  Turns out the place had been booked for months, but I thought it was really awesome that Chris took the time to call me and extend a warm welcome for another occassion.Fast forward a year.  A friend of mine from Boston was coming into town, and asked me if there was any place I had always wanted to try; I threw out the idea of giving this place a try and he agreed that it sounded wonderful.  Thankfully we were able to get reservations this time:)I really like the idea that the place was byob; it's very hard to find places anymore that allow it.  We had a heck of a time finding the place, but once we did, we were pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant was very charming and welcoming.  I was actually taken aback by how small the restaurant was inside; I believe there were 10 of us in the place total.  The tables were pretty close to one another but it somehow worked; it never felt like we were on top of another table.  It was really a pleasure watching Chris at work; I couldn't believe that someone could work alone and  be so organized and efficient.  My friend called ahead to warn of his food allergies and Chris was more than willing to cater to his needs.THE FOOD!!!!! Oh wow; incredible.  Oddly enough, my friend and I both agreed that our favorite dish of the night was the starter salad.  I believe it was an arugala salad with fresh made hummus, apple and squash.  The hummus was extraordinary, and I had never even thought it belonged in a salad.  Boy was I wrong. For our entree with both chose the fillet and they were both cooked to absolute perfection.  Every item of the plate had such incredible flavor.  Desert was also very good, although the cheese that was used was a little pungent for my taste; so I stuck to the glazed and powder sugar coated strawberries and his homemade cinnammon sticks (I'm sorry, I have no idea what they are actually called). Overall we were incredibly satisfied!  The cost was very comparable to any fancy steak house you would visit, but this place was by far superior.  Anytime we had a question for Chris he was more than willing to answer; and at the end of the evening when we were the last to leave, he came over to the table and chatted with us:)  I would recommend this place to ANYONE!!!
5	I am going to assume that if you are searching for the top rated dining spot in Scottsdale, that you abhor chain restaurants and appreciate top shelf, niche estabishments whose reason for living is to create something wonderful with each meal.  Cafe Monarch is the best small-scale niche restaurant in the Phoenix area.  Period.  The quality of food is paralleled only by the care the owner/chef takes to create an amazing experience.  If you require white glove service, Lambos in the parking lot and a dram of Johnny Walker Blue that's marked up 2000%, do not come here.  This is a place for foodies.  Enjoy.TjD
5	We had our first experience at Cafe Monarch on Valentine's Day night...it was fabulous! The food was absolutely top notch, the service was fantastic and the atmosphere is unlike any other in the area.  We sat outside and enjoyed the amazing food while being warmed by heaters, listening to a crackling fire and the relaxing sound of water fountains.  Christopher is as friendly, talented and witty as they come - thanks Christopher for making our first Valentine's dinner together romantic and one to remember! We'll certainly be back again!
5	Had an absolutely amazing Valentine's dinner. Food was impeccable, ambiance was great. So nice to actually be able to sit, relax and enjoy a wonderful meal. At the end of the evening the chef came out a chatted with us for a little bit. A definite must!
5	What a truly amazing place, Christopher is a true one man show.  Host, Chef, Waiter, Dishwasher he does it all while putting out some amazing food.  There is no skipping on ingredients, quality, flavor or imagination.  I have only eaten at this little gem twice, simply because I live rather far but, both times the food was excellent.  Today I experienced the most amazing breakfast/brunch, the most perfectly cooked eggs with spinach, portobello mushrooms and loads of grated cheese, the eggs were like fluffy clouds just melted in my mouth.  The bacon though was the show stopper, I took the first bite just expecting bacon, what I actually got was a complete explosion in my mouth, I wasn't sure at first what all the the flavors were, confusion to my mind at first bite but,  oh so delicious confusion!  Seems that Christoper doesn't just dish out bacon he drizzles it with honey, then he tops it with finely chopped cilantro and finally mixes in bits of hot red peppers......for an OMG taste.   Crunchy, salty, sweet, spicy, earthy all the flavors so compliment, this is how bacon should always be served!
5	Husband and I went for a grown up night out. I love good food but don't always like to get all dolled up to enjoy good food. It was the perfect evening out. Completely unpretentious, its like going to a friend's house for dinner who is also an amazing cook. So, hands down 5 stars for atmospere. Now, onto the food:1) chef/owner makes what he wants to make. Be ok with it and you won't be disappointed2) three courses, prix fixe for $45/person plus $10 corkage. Byob cuz there's none at the restaurant (a great deal if you ask me)3) make reservations! On the night that we were there, he had one seating-that's it. We felt very special as we watched Chris turn down several walk-ins.4) what we ate: Tomato soup with grilled cheese sandwich-the best tomato soup-EVER, perfect consistency, a nice garlic kick.Grilled pork tenderloin-my dish, very tasty, over bed of japanese black rice. So good!Scallops with bacon-lots of scallops, lots of bacon, good flavorStrawberry tart-remember-it's Feb in Arizona and I was having a hard time finding good strawberries. These were better than good.Remember-the chef is the owner, the owner is the chef so if you call during lunch or dinner, chances are, he's cooking. We usually love trying new places and don't often repeat, but this one we will.
4	This was definitely a very cool and intimate setting, where the owner is the cook, host, and waiter.  The food was fantastic, and the atmosphere is very relaxing.
1	May not have tried the food, but the phone service is less than OK.  Tried to make a reservation 3 weeks in advance and the request was, "I'd rather you make sure you can make it then make the reservation and then cancel.  I mean, are you just trying to book it as a safeguard?" Would have loved to experience the 5 star reviews since I'm flying in from NY, but uhm, no thanks.  And people say New Yorkers are rude.
5	My favorite restaurant in the Phoenix metro area, bar none. Amazing ambiance, even more amazing food, and they're very vegetarian friendly. You can't beat it. If you live in the area and haven't tried it, you're truly missing out. Absolutely 100% recommended.
4	Such a fun experience, we have already recommended Cafe Monarch to several friends! We went for brunch, and you pick between 2 options, drinks are self service. The food was delicious! Maybe not fully worth $20 for baked french toast....but fine. Chris came around afterward and chatted with us, which was quite nice.
5	Wonderful, absolutely wonderful. SUCH a great, charming atmosphere. The food was unique and delicious--Chris, the owner/chef, only prepares a select choice of meals per day; we went for breakfast this morning and there were two options. We both had the crostini, which was amazing--grilled pear, goat cheese, arugula, large pieces of toast, oranges, blueberries, and strawberries. Chris even gave me a complimentary glass of Prosecco to give cheer to my recent move to Scottsdale. The pricing was $20/person for breakfast. Well worth it. A great find.
5	Yes yes yes, for every reason all the 5 star reviews state below!  Multiple trips to wine country with more than my (small) wine fridge will hold, this is exactly the place I want to crack these bottles open and let the atmosphere and food wash over me.  Hey...though I love to cook at home, I admit my meals do not justify these bottles' price tags. :P  So bring your beautiful wine and enjoy the evening away...  actually bring 2-3 bottles and decide what you are going to pour once you hear the menu  ;)PS.  Just talking to Chris on the phone, he has more personality than some folks exhibit their entire lives!
5	Outstanding dinner. Believe the five star rating. Creative pairings of food without being precious or silly. Fresh, fresh, fresh food. Excellent flavors from herbs, and you've never seen such fresh herbs on a plate. Professional and friendly owner. Could have huge attitude, given the demand for reservations, but doesn't. Uncorked our sparkling wine, kept it chilled, poured refills until it was all gone (we had a cab).  The restaurant is small, but not cramped, and I think some reviews make it sound like this is some sort of hole in the wall with an eccentric dining room. It is not. The decor is tasteful and warm   The kitchen is part of the room, but you can be as aware of it as you choose. Christopher had PHilip helping as a waiter, and he did a great job. The first course was super fresh and delicious salad with mint, cucumber, tomato, and other things, with a large, thin piece of flatbread, itself fantastic. We shared entrees. My poached salmon with orzo/mint?/other ingredients, and her grilled Rosemary chicken over cheesy polenta. All of it was incredible. Dessert was pastry, strawberries, whipped cream, chocolate ice cream or ganache?  Another home run. We will be back.
5	A singular experience.  And I don't even live in Phoenix.Based on the glowing Yelp reviews, I took my family (and a great Crozes Hermitage) there on our last night of vacation and we had a spectacular night.  Patio seating is magical, Chris is kind and a great chef.The salad was amazing, fresh asparagus and cucumbers and straight from the garden tomatoes, feta and an olive oil that made me feel like I was in Italy.We had given Chris specific dietary needs, and he followed the to a T, and still prepared two outstanding chicken dishes, one with a gruyere polenta and the other with black rice and a sweet and spice sauce.  Dessert was ridiculous, a very rich chocolate ganache and a very creamy tart.  All under the stars by candlelight.  The entire restaurant (4 tables worth?)  gave Chris a standing O.  He deserved it.Go here for a very unusual and exceptional dining experience.
5	Thanks to Yelp I was able to find this hidden jewel.  The place looks like a spanish style motel converted into a restaurant.  With a cute garden in the back.  I had already eaten so didn't intend on a 2nd breakfast.  But stingy GF only allowed me a few bites so I had to ask Chris to whip up  another plate for me.   It was my first time having chilled salmon done that way and it was so good.  Everything tasted so fresh.   For the price you get to drink all you want.  And I must have had at least 10 glasses of the orange juice with mixed berries.   The food and the atmosphere reminds me of eating in Napa, CA.   Will definitely return when I'm in town.
5	Cafe Monarch is everything and more that fans say it is.  It is "more" when you experience it for yourself.  Lately, I've been going to some really nice restaurants in town and I cannot find anything that can top Chef Christopher's food.  Everything here is made right in front of you and it's so fresh.  Chef Christopher rarely serves the same thing twice. He's so innovative and comes up with the best flavor profiles.Loved the ribs - they were so rich and fell off the bone.  The sauce and the polenta were amazing.  Every dessert I've had there has been amazing too.  Usually something involving a fruit but also chocolate, which seems to be a must when you go there.  Talk to Chef Christopher.  He is a very  humble chef .  His talents are top-notch and really haven't been met by any other valley restaurants I've been to.
5	I, too, found Cafe Monarch on Yelp. Chef Chris and I played phone tag a few times, but we finally got reservations. My party of nine ended up getting Easter brunch, and for $20 we felt it was a great deal. We got a poached salmon salad (amazing dressing and fresh peas!) and a cashew chicken with Japanese black rice. They were served family style and delicious. The coffee, hibiscus iced tea,  and dessert course was also included in the price. Unfortunately we didn't take advantage of the BYO-champagne since we partied a little too much the previous night :)Chef Chris came out after our meal to chat with us and he was hilarious! He is probably the only person who can get away with calling his guest an elitist cougar :) (Don't worry, it doesn't sound as bad as you think!)This is a dining experience you should not miss. Take your time to enjoy the atmosphere (maybe eat in the patio area when it's cooler). I'm off to tell my friends in Phoenix to try it out, and I hope to visit Cafe Monarch if I'm ever back in the area.
4	An interesting, almost unique experience, dinner at Cafe Monarch is much like that in a small Spanish or Mediterranean cafe.  There are 17 seats, one chef, one waiter, and a fixed menu (you get your choice of three entrees however).  If you have special dietary requirements, tell the chef when you make your absolutely necessary reservations a month in advance.  The experience earns the four stars, but the food is not good enough to propel Cafe Monarch beyond that.  Not that it's bad -- but there are too many rough edges and not quites, such as the superfluous undercooked potatoes in the London Broil salad.  Service is slow -- three courses in two hours -- but you won't mind since you can watch the chef cooking from most tables and it is an exceptionally comfortable place to eat.  Definitely bring your own wine, expect to experience new tastes, ignore the minor eccentricities, and you will be glad you came.
3	This is an addendum to a recent review I wrote after a disappointing dinner at Cafe Monarch two weeks ago.  I must report that Chef Christopher has been both gracious and responsive to my concerns.  I will admit that we did not complain to them directly the night of our dinner.  I believe he would have remedied the situation on the spot if we had.  I learned something from this experience and feel  that with this particular chef it would be  welcomed to comment at the time.  Chef Chris is to be congratulated for this, as I have found at other restaurants  commenting on the food was  meet with open hostility.Chef Christopher kindly offered me a "refund" which was not the intent of my review, but it is greatly appreciated in the spirit of exceptional customer service, for which he is known.  He communicated with me directly by email and was very generous in his solution to the situation. Thank you Chris for being so responsive with no hint of anger and the integrity to stand by your belief in your restaurant.  We will come to Cafe Monarch again next time we are in Phoenix.
5	Great ambiance, fabulous food! Chef Chris is fantastic! We brought a friend here from out of town & was the best dining experience ever!  Can't wait to go back! Make sure to call weeks in advance & BYOB - Cash Only!
5	Cafe Monarch is an absolute must-try dining destination!Chris, the owner,  is a one-man show taking reservations, prepping, cooking, and even washing his own dishes. He works very swiftly and efficiently with just one server running the food. He shared that he was a Northwestern graduate, and Cafe Monarch was his creative outlet. The 3-course dinner was amazing!! Our first course consisted of eggplant tapenade with perfectly cooked asparagus and buttery toast. The portions were huge. Next, we were given an option between salmon with sweet corn and spinach or pork tenderloins with Japanese cashew rice. The salmon was delicious. Chris not only created a wonderful meal, he entertained us with his witty jokes and keen sense of intuition. We were celebrating our friend's bachelorette so he asked us to go around and share one word about her. He added his own observation: compassion. He couldn't be more spot on about her and I know she really appreciated his thoughtfulness.It's byob with $10 corkage/bottle. I would definitely return the next time I visit Scottsdale.
5	A friend of mine recommended Cafe Monarch after attending a Sunday Brunch. We went for dinner with a group of 6, and we had a great time! The food was fantastic, the service was great, and it is truly a unique dining experience. I've never seen or heard of anything else like it. The restaurant is charming, and Christopher is very sweet and hugely talented. I cannot gush enough about this place, so I'll keep it simple: YOU MUST GO HERE!Details: For dinner, Chris offered one starter (an amazing summer salad), two entrees (pork and salmon) and two desserts (orange cheesecake that I will never forget and a pastry with chocolate gelatto). The price was $45, pre fixe, and the cost for corking wine was $10 per bottle, and $1 per beer. CASH ONLY! Overall, the night was pricey ($120 for two people), but definitely worth it for a special night out with friends, or an important occasion.
5	Like eating at a friend's house.  If your friend happens to be a great chef and a charming host.
5	Always great! Coffee is excellent, fresh ingredients, etc.  Christopher goes out of his way to make sure everyone's experience is wonderful.  We normally go here for lunch and it is always fast enough so we get back to the office on time.
5	Very very good Off the cuff breakfast sandwich Host chef waiter and a wealth of knowledge!!!
5	An absolutely perfect meal. Easily one of the most intimate dining experiences ever.  Chris is the ideal chef, modifying his masterpieces to create the ultimate bespoke meal that catered to my preferences.  Totally fairly priced, great setting, and food that will blow your mind. By all means necessary, make sure you find this little place when you're in Scottsdale!
5	The raves for Cafe Monarch are supremely justified.  Had Chef Chris all to ourselves last night and man, did he pull off a five star dining experience! We started with an icy timbale of roasted salmon and orzo, redolent with fresh dill, capers, and sharp peppercorns, served alongside a quartered tomato at the peak of tender ripeness-- with a plump caperberry nestled inside--pickled whimsy.Main course came with two choices.Option1: A slow roasted pork loin, rolled in a spicy mixture accented with the warm aroma of toasted cumin. The pork was complemented by a cooling salsa of green Thompson grapes and rounded out with sauteed black quinoa, done pilaf style.Option 2: A perfectly rendered crisp, juicy veal chop, enriched by an ethereal cream sauce of ancho chile and cilantro. Also starring: roasted local corn and sauteed spinach, providing a snap of green flavor/color to this already gorgeous dish.Dessert: Golden peaches quartered and baked in a crusted veil of lemon scented streusel and finished with a healthy dollop of silky whipped cream.  Perfection!A dinner with Chris is a uniquely intimate affair, his warmth and culinary ingenuity will leave the toughest critic contented.  Cannot wait to gift my nearest and dearest with another evening at Cafe Monarch.
5	prepare to spend a few hours here and really have a romantic experience. the food is divine. the service is laid back (in a good way). the chef runs the whole show and plays all hats. the menu is forever changing and when you make a reservation he will ask you questions so he can tailor your meal and experience to your needs. probably not a good first date place because if the date goes wrong, you will be stuck for a while. perfect spot for an anniversary or something. or even just to have a nice meal with people you know and care about.
5	Delicious food, great atmosphere, it is like having your own personal chef!!! Fantastic food!
5	We just got back from Arizona and we can't stop talking about our experience at Cafe' Monarch; it was an incredible, intimate, and delicious dining experience.  Chef Chris was a warm and funny host, who kept us on our culinary toes, in terms of surprising us with innovative and beautiful dishes that were packed full of flavor.  We have family in Arizona, and now we have two great reasons to visit!  Thanks Chef Chris for a wonderful evening!
5	So after reading the reviews I made it my mission to come to this restaurant. I wanted dinner but bc of scheduling issues with my friends we decided on a bday brunch on Sunday. I am so glad we made it!! The food was AMAZING and Chef Chris was awesome. This place is a must do for any "foodie." I can't wait to go back. Schedule your reservations as soon as you can bc this place books up fast which is no doubt because of the pure awesomeness of it. I already have 2 reservations for dinner this month!  Thanks Chef for a great bday celebration. Yours truly, the bday girl from the table of women who of course love bacon. Lol!!!
5	Best breakfast I have ever had! Great atmosphere as well! Would highly recommend to all. Joined yelp just to write a review on this place!
5	Wow.That about sums it up.After cancelling a brunch reservation for my fiance's birthday, we scurried on over to Cafe Monarch.  Fabulous Sunday, and the weather is gorgeous.  We drive up to Cafe Monarch a little early to avoid the Sunday crowd (thanks to the advice of some reviewers since Cafe Monarch is a one-man show and can get pretty busy).  There are beautiful monarch butterflies flying around the outside of the Cafe.  Beautiful landscaping and cafe style, white linen tables adorn Monarch.  Chef Chris is outside writing up the day's sweet & savory brunch menu.  We walk on over, and he remembers the message I had left him the day before.  He wishes Edgar a happy birthday.  He explains the way the restaurant is run and tells us to help ourselves to the beverage area as there's hibiscus tea, coffee, water w/mint leaves and orange juice.  A cute little station with beautiful drinkware.  We help ourselves and get comfy on a bench outside.  A few minutes in, his helper comes out and tells us to take a seat anywhere we'd like and asks us what we would like to order.  We order one each of both dishes.  One savory and one sweet.  When our meals actually came out, we took one bit, and I went inside to tell Chef Chris to bring us each the opposite of what we just ordered.  We couldn't share!  It was too dang good!  DELICIOUS is an understatement!For the sweet dish we had pumpkin french toast with roasted pear, amber maple syrup, cranberry butter and spicy chicken sausage.  For savory we had grilled porkloin w/feta, herb potatoes, fried egg and tomato sauce.  The flavors that were extracted from these dishes are unbelievable.  Chef Chris creates a custom menu every single day, and you'll never have the same meal here.  It was divine.  The french toast is one, if not THE BEST french toast my fiance and I have ever had anywhere.  We didn't drench the french toast with syrup as there was no need for it.  The texture was spot on, and it was moist.  The cranberry butter was absolutely delicious, and it accompanied nicely to the chicken sausage.  The porkloin was cooked PERFECTLY.  Not dry and not under done.  The herb potatoes were stacked beautifully with wonderful herbs and spices, and the very top layer was crispy.  Perfectly cooked fried eggs (it takes a real special person to make perfect eggs in my opinion), and the tomato sauce was out of this world.  This wasn't some run of the mill tomato sauce.  It was home made, thick and hearty tomato sauce.  This was the perfect way to end our trip to Scottsdale, and we were so happy to have been able to experience Cafe Monarch.  Chef Chris is truly talented, and you can feel his passion and love for what he does.  Not a lot of Chefs carry this same passion, but he does.  There is LOVE in each and every dish - no factory style kitchen dishes coming out of here.  My fiance said it... "the best breakfast I've ever had."Thank you again Chef Chris!
4	Update: Chef Chris is awesome. He not only sent me a message late last night, but he called me this morning to personally apologize, talk with me about the experience, and insist I take a refund (which I did not want to take because there were a lot of positives about the experience that I thought were valuable). He really made me feel good about our experience and it is so rare for a person to be so mindful of his consumer and take the time to personally talk for ten minutes to make the situation right. That is very cool and makes me want to give this place another shot. Review: I was trying to decide between two and three stars because we went here for our fancy anniversary dinner and I really REALLY wanted to love this place! Unfortunately, it was disappointing. I'll start with the positive stuff, because there were lots of positives- 1. Chef Chris was super nice and friendly 2. I love the environment, we sat on the patio and it was beautiful. The tables were candlelit, there was a pretty fountain, and I LOVED the little wood burning fireplaces and the nice smell that the wood gave off 3. A lot of the food was good. We started with a very tasty minestrone soup with home made crackers and the dessert (pumpkin cheesecake) was also wonderful! I also liked that they put mint in the water and the coffee was very good. So now on to the not so great parts... So first, we had tried to go to this restaurant for my birthday in April, but a couple days before our reservation, the BF got a call saying that chef Chris had fallen ill and that we would not be able to have dinner there BUT that they would call us as soon as he came back to give us a reservation then. Well, I waited a month after my birthday... no birthday dinner.... cuz all I wanted was to go here. No call. The BF called and left several messages with no response. Then the message changed and they were closed for the summer and we went somewhere else. That was pretty bad. So now we got a res for our anniversary, and I was super excited but things went so wrong. The main dish was not at all impressive. I was told that one entree was chicken in a creamy sauce with black rice and spinach and I ordered that. The BF got a beef tenderloin with pesto, potato, and spinach. Well... they came out and my chicken and his steak were identical...both with pesto, spinach, grilled potato. That irked me a little bit, but I just figured that it was an honest mistake on the waiter's part. Then I took a bite of chicken and it had a gelatinous texture... I have never experienced that before, but I thought maybe it was just so juicy and I have never had chicken prepared in the same way before...Wrong. Then I took another bite and the texture was just weird. I tried to see if it was pink inside, but we only had the candlelight so I couldn't tell. Had the BF try it, and he said he thought it was underdone. Not a real awesome thing for chicken. So I sent it back and the waitress was very nice, apologized and took it. Chef Chris brought the new one out a few minutes later and was very sweet about it, which I appreciated. However, the chicken was not so awesome. Maybe I was just turned off to it or something... but it wasn't very appetizing. Anyway, it was kind of bland and the sides were not great... plain potatoes and raw spinach and tomato.... nothing special, and definitely nothing worth the price. The BF's steak was chewy but still better than the chicken, but essentially they tasted the same. The worst part, though, was unfortunately the service. I would understand the service being lackluster if chef Chris were doing it all himself, but with two people on waitstaff and only about 15 tables it was unacceptable. We were there for 2.5 hours, which would be fine if that was the intent of the restaurant..but I don't think it was. The first two courses were timely, but dessert was kind of a mess. We got some coffee...cute LARGE coffee cups, but not too much coffee in them and it wasn't hot, but it was tasty. We finished the coffee before we got our dessert. The waiter told us he'd bring some more coffee (us and the people next to us too) he came back a minimum of 3 times without refilling our coffee, probably more. I don't know if it was because there was a big table inside to tend to, but we did not get coffee until about 10 minutes after we finished our dessert and I had eaten slowly on purpose because I wanted to have coffee with dessert. THEN we proceeded to get the wrong check twice (with about ten minutes in between wrong checks) and wait about 35 minutes to get the correct check. There was some confusion between the waiter and waitress on who was supposed to take care of us, but it was a bit ridiculous. For 100$ for two people there are many places that have attentive service and tastier food. So for all of these reasons, I do not foresee us returning to this restaurant in the near future, unfortunately, because there really are some great aspects of this place
5	Chef Chris made this a great experience for us!
3	Second time at Cafe Monarch. First time GREAT. Second time: same atmosphere, good service, more tables, but of the two entre choices (veal chop or shrimp cake) the shrimp cake was not very tasty and the veal chop was sold out. Although we were pretty disappointed we will try it again.
5	What a lovely restaurant. I am only disappointed in the fact that I didn't know about it sooner! Went for lunch and was impressed. A new favorite!
5	Wonderful place with lots of atmosphere inside and out. Lovingly decorated and the food was delicious. You stop outside the door for the menu, I think it is what the Chef feels like making that day. I had a great tomato soup with grilled cheese bread  - and the Chef even asked me if I liked the burned ends of the bread, how did he know?????  - and for desert pumpkin bread with baked pear and what I believe was a cranberry puree  - it was fantastic. The food is made with great care right in front of you - so do bring some time to enjoy. An absolute do again. Come early and it is cash only.
4	First of all, the food there is definitely a FIVE star! I will rate my first visit a 5 star: the food is just over the top, and chef is super cool and friendly, great atmosphere. Everything we experienced on the first visit is just unforgettable! So, we decided to go again. One time we have an important guest coming to Phoenix, and I was highly recommended this place. I want to call ahead of time and make sure that we will have a table when we get there. Although the phone went to voice mail every time for two days. Then we finally decided to just drive by without making reservation. We ended up with no table available, and we have to find another place to eat. A little disappointed, but we thought that might be just coincidence. So we went there the third time. Again the same thing happened, not able to make reservation( this time we got hold of the chef, but he told us no reservations for lunch), and the place was full with a big party when we got there. Both times were in the weekend.OK, the place is only open from Thu.-Sun., which we really feel like impossible for us to eat there again. This is the #1 place I recommended to everybody come visit Phoenix, but every time we have guests coming, we just can't account for its availability, so sometimes we'll have to leave it out of the plan. But anyway, we will still keep trying. Hopefully we will be luckier when the fourth visit.
5	I never expected the owner to reply my review, but Chris did. No business is perfect just like all of us. The most important thing is that the business is trying to solve the problems. For a business owner who cares about every customer's opinion, there's no batter business man he can be!
5	I was in the area for a conference and Yelp led me to this lovely establishment.  I set a reservation for 5:30 on a Thursday night.  Chris asked if I had any allergies or foods that I didn't like. You care?  Awww.... My only request was no beets. He also asked if I had any time constraints. At least give yourself an hour here.   I ended up running late, but Chris assured me it was no problem.  I arrived and was kindly greeted by Chris and his staff of 2 (one of which was a trainee).  I chose to sit inside so I could see him cook.  The inside is small, intimate and quaint. The cooking area is off to side, but in a location where most diners can see Chris in action.  The first course was shredded cucumber noodles with chopped roma tomatoes, grated asiago cheese atop 2 toasted slices of baguette with olive oil.  The cucumber threw me off a little, but everything tasted fantastic together! The perfect blending of ingredients.  I probably coulda eaten another serving but thank goodness I didn't.  The second course was Shrimp cakes with green beans, black rice with carrots, purple cabbage, and zucchini, served with a sweet chili sauce.  There was a little kick on the finishing bites of the shrimp cakes. Nothing unbearable.  I wasn't a big fan of the green beans. But they were just plain.  The shrimp cakes with the black rice were wonderful. I got pretty full from the shrimp cake, but shamelessly finished the entire portion. The final course, dessert, was pumpkin bread pudding topped with glazed pear and toasted nuts with cranberry sauce on the side and a sprig of mint.  This portion was HUGE! I think I maybe took about 4 bites and just couldn't eat anymore. The dessert was delicious and I especially liked the glazed pear topping.  The food tasted very fresh. Chris mentioned that he had gone to the market earlier that day to prepare for dinner.  Service - The staff, to include Chris, was very attentive. About mid way through my dinner, 2 more couples arrived and decided to sit outside. A few minutes after the waitress seated them, Chris asked the waitress, "Is everybody comfortable?"  Really?!  If ain't customer service, then I don't know what is. Oh wait, yes I do. So I've paid my bill (only cash accepted; think it was around $65) and I stand up to leave. I walk over to Chris to thank him for a wonderful dining experience and ask if I can take his picture. He graciously obliges and takes a pic with me. After the pictures, I walk out the door and who should follow? Chris! He walked me to my car and even opened my door. If THAT'S not customer service, then I dunno what is!  I can't say enough about this little gem. I only wish Chris could split his time between AZ and DC. At least think about it, Chris?? :-p  IIf you ever find yourself near Scottsdale, make some time for Cafe Monarch. You won't be disappointed.
5	Worth making a trip for.If you're interested in food and enjoy chatting with the chef, this is amazing. The chef/waiter/maitre'd/everything is super calm, polite, and skilled.The cafe ambience is very warm, the open kitchen makes you feel very much at home, the coffee is great (there's chicory root), and the food is superb.
5	Only sad part of lunch was that it wasn't the full dinner experience.  We found this place on Yelp while in town for a conference and got to have a deliciously awesome lunch for under $30 for 2.  We had a roasted veggie crostini and shrimp+polenta.  Both were perfection. Again, only issue here was that we wanted to sit there for the rest of our vacation and eat everything Chef Chris makes.  Nonstop.The space is truly special, as if you are eating in your friends rustic house while they are cooking you up a culinary masterpiece.  The lunch was unforgettable, and we'll have to make it back for hours of evening eating.
5	Love it! Right up there with Fnand B as the best restaurant in Scottsdale. Fn and B has the better location.  Cafe Monarch is harder to find as it is 3 blocks from the restaurant area in downtown Scottsdale. We were there for breakfast 2 years ago it was $20 and you choose sweet or savory. The chef was the cook, and the waiter. While, they were busy, he could hire more staff if the average chains were not so busy. It is upsetting that more people do not give small great places like this a chance. While, I do not love yelp, yelp was the only way we would have found this hidden gem.
5	This restaurant was awesome!  My husband David and I chose this restaurant for brunch based on the feedback/ratings in Yelp and, we weren't disappointed!!  The Chef had two items (Sweet & Savory) of which to choose from.  We chose the potato, spinach & mushroom frittata with chili rubbed pork tenderloin and it was wonderful!  We asked the Chef about the sauce and He told us how he makes it and offered to send some home with us.  Unfortunately, we are traveling so couldn't  even take our left overs.  We will definitely go back especially knowing that you can call in a reservation and speak with the Chef about any food allergies, etc. and he will accommodate!!  We also like that you can BYOB!!Again, awesome restaurant, Chef and service!!!
5	I wanted to let my mind settle before I wrote this review. I had dinner with Chef Chris on October 21st for my fiance's Birthday and it was for sure the best dinner we have ever had. Bring your best bottle of wine and cash and get ready for a truly unique dining experience. There are not enough words to describe how good the food and experience is. I would recommend sitting outside if weather allows. I live in las vegas and even with all the dining options here will be making a flight to scottsdale just to eat some of the chefs creations I can't wait to eat there again. thanks so much Chef Chris
5	Excellent service, excellent environment, and excellent food.  I went for brunch and the food was seasonal and fantastic with both sweet and savory choices.  Just remember to bring cash...
4	Cute little cozy eatery serving up what's the best and freshest at the moment.  From the hand-written menu outside to the picturesque garden exterior, Cafe Monarch is a little gem in the heart of downtown Scottsdale.It was a lovely late Saturday morning when we ate here, right at opening time (11 AM).  The menu for lunch is all $12.50 no matter what you get, with selections such as pork tenderloin, chicken breast, shrimp, and brie with fennel.  The last two selections are what my friend and I had.  The shrimp was excellent.  It was perfectly cooked, on crispy toasted bread covered with pesto.  There were also pieces of sweet pineapple, sliced cherry tomatoes, and chopped onion to add some more color and tropical flavor.  There was a massive amount of shrimp on the plate, which made this dish a tasty and very good deal.  My friend had the brie with fennel and puff pastry (My description of this, by the way, does not do the dish justice).  All the ingredients were well prepared and very good on their own, but for me, it wasn't as good as my shrimp dish.  Drink selections include hot tea, coffee, and iced green or hibiscus tea ($3).  The hibiscus tea is very refreshing with a deep garnet color to the drink.  Our total for 2 lunch dishes and 1 iced tea was a little over $30 including tax.  This establishment is cash only, so come prepared!P.S.  Another plus about this restaurant.  For those of you who hate scavenging for restaurant parking around downtown Scottsdale, Cafe Monarch has its own private lot.
5	Woohoo is right!  We've been coming here for a couple of years and came on Sat night for my birthday. Upon arrival find that Christopher has finished his renovations and had a beautiful new dining room and best of all, a new space on an outdoor patio, complete with fountain and heaters, where we elected to dine. As usual, the food was outstanding and service good. We do find however, that we miss talking with Christopher during the meal, but understand that it's just not possible with all the new tables. We wouldn't go anywhere else for a special occasion or just when you want a special & intimate place,  and great food. Too many times you pay too much for just okay food, so it's a treat to get great food for a fair price. Do yourself a favor and try Monarch Cafe.....you'll love it as much as we do. Mike & Niki S.
3	My date and I ate brunch here on Sunday.  We both liked the casual cottage atmosphere.  Almost feels like an english garden rather than the Arizona desert.  We were given two choices for brunch at $20 which includes tax and tip.  Sweet (baked french toast with bacon and fresh berries) or Savory (chicken with a sweet red chile sauce and two eggs sunnyside up).  We decided to each order one and share.  The sweet dish was ok, the french toast didn't have a lot of flavor but the berries were fresh and the bacon was extra crispy (yum!).  The savory dish was very good and had a nice taste.  Overall a nice sunday experience, a bit pricey for breakfast (breaks down to about $16 a plate before tax/tip) but might try again to see what else comes up on the menu.
5	Cash only is accepted. The food is excellent. I went for a sunday brunch. My options were savory or sweet. $20 a person without tip. It was excellent. I got french toast but the menu changes all the time. Very pretty patio and great service. Chef Christopher is amazing.
4	Cafe Monarch had great food, service and atmosphere. My boyfriend and I went for our one year anniversary and the intimate setting was perfect for the occasion. Chef Chris made salmon and pork and they both were delicious. We especially liked the appetizer, it was the perfect amount and flavor with the pesto, tomatoes, prosciutoo and fennel. We highly recommend this restaurant and would definitely eat here again!
5	Love Love this place! The jewel of the valley offering very creative dishes from an extraordinary chef. An eye for a keen sense of taste and entertainment. Truly an artist in his mastery...finally someone who understands what simple pleasures can bring. Spontaneous happiness is this place! I highly recommend. My wedding rehearsal dinner will be a unique experience in his hands....can't wait for what Chef Chris has to bring:)
5	Everything you could want in a cozy neighborhood fine dining establishment.  The restaurant looks to be converted from a small home, so seating is pretty limited--but that just adds to the charm.  Location is very central to downtown Scottsdale, but enough off beaten path that it feels hidden.  Decor and atmosphere are a fun mix between country garden and creole soul.  Food excellent!  And if you sit inside, you get to enjoy watching Chef Chris work only a few feet away.  Its like dining at the home of a close friend--who happens to have an industrial grade kitchen, and can throw down in it.To know, before you go: Cash only and BYOB.
5	Had a wonderful girls night out here with my 3 best friends.  The basics:  $45 per person, cash only for a 3 course meal.  $10 per bottle corking fee.Food was delicious and portions were HUGE!  The restaurant itself was situated in a small house.  It was beautifully decorated with candles and had a beautiful courtyard with a warm fire to sit by between courses.  Our server was very intuitive and could tell that a near by table (obviously celebrating a birthday) was being a bit loud so offered a nice table in the courtyard under a heat lamp for us to enjoy our dessert in peace. We were also able to meet Chef Chris who we could clearly tell was passionate about his restaurant and the wonderful menu he creates daily.  The amazing thing is that he makes all these creations with only hot plates and panini presses (no gas line to the building)!  Would certainly love to visit again next time we are in town.  Only thing I would suggest is some heavy drapes in the dining room to help dampen conversations.  Bottom line: great food, great staff, beautiful restaurant and an excellent value!
3	First off, I feel bad giving this place just three stars. After reading all the reviews, I was really hoping to like it a lot more than I did. I've heard for months from friends and fellow yelpers about how awesome this place is, so we decided to give it a try for early Vday dinner. The atmosphere is very very nice. Nice little cottage with a kitchen (where they have a few tables next to the chef), a dining area, and an outside patio area. There are lots of candles and can be romantic place. The waiters were all nice, but we had some issues with the service. A group of 4 that came 20mins later than us(just 2) sat next to our table and kept getting food quicker than us. The most annoying part was that the waiters kept telling us our food would come, but the speed and service was definitely lacking. As for the food, it was definitely worth 3+ stars except for the main chicken pesto dish. It was just two butterflied chicken pieces with pesto sauce, no vegetables, no special sauce, nothing special. I did love the appetizer 1 (white bean soup with side of bread with asiago cheese), appetizer 2 (barley and poached shrimp w/ sweet asian chili sauce), and one of the main dishes (pork tenderloin with a sweet chutney/hint of curry sauce and asparagus). The dessert was just some strawberries and fudge brownie. Again, nothing special.All in all, I did like the experience, but the food left me thinking there could have been more or that it could have been better. Maybe I went in thinking too highly of this place. I am willing to give it another try, but it's not #1 that I would recommend to a friend.** I wanted to add something. Chris, the owner of the restaurant sent me an apology via email and phone call. This says a lot considering chefs will get very offended if you talk remotely bad about their food/creations. I have to admit. I feel bad if I seem very cruel in my review, but I feel that I was not over-exaggerating anything. I like to think that I speak the truth and hopefully readers can appreciate that. One last thing.. Chris pointed out to me that the chicken pesto had provolone cheese and spinach. I am sorry Chris, I have a dull palate. Again, i would like to try cafe monarch again and will update on my next visit!
5	Amazing! I came here upon a recommendation of a coworker. I came during lunch for the weekend and was greeted by the owner/chef! The entire atmosphere of the restaurant was beautiful and I took lots of pictures. It is one of the nicest decorated restaurants I've ever been to before, including the high-class ones that charge $300 per meal.  (Sry if this sound snobby, but hopefully this provides good frames of reference)I sat in the garden outdoors and got a grilled cheese and tomato soup ($10) and a chocolate brownie with walnuts and strawberries ($7). The grilled cheese sandwich was the BEST grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had, and I've had tons and tons of them during my life. The crust was perfect for dipping into the tomato soup and there was at least 2 types of cheese. The tomato soup was spicy and had lots of minced garlic. One lady at the table next to me thought it was too spicy, but to me it was fantastic and was a welcome departure from the typical tomato soup (you know, the creamy, bland, salty campbells soup kind). The brownie was unique as well, not only was it beautiful to look at, but the brownie was moist and tasted like..CINNAMON! Dude, I've had fine pastries. I am a regular whole foods fiend, and I go all the time to local bakeries in my native DC area. I've gone to the most expensive and exclusive stores in Tokyo (Ginza district) to get desserts, and I've also eaten in Paris before as well at various boulangeries . The brownie here was one of the most memorable deserts I've ever had. I've NEVER expected cinnamon in a chocolate brownie! Services was very attentive as well. I am recommending that everyone who goes to Scottsdale to visit this place! Absolutely some of the most delicious AND unique (this is important!!) American-style food you will ever have. They are cash only though, so please keep that in mind.
5	Ate at Cafe Monarch Last Night: All you Need to know:  Call Chris (the owner who takes the reservations personally) Now!! and confirm the first reservation they have, and go enjoy the best food and eating experience you have had or will have in Scottsdale.If you are a 'foodie' , you will leave raving about the freshness, quality, creativity of the recipes and unmatched flavor of the food.If you are not a 'foodie, you will either become one, or at the very least , leave lauding the chef's personal attention, the great waitstaff , cool vibe of dining in the kitchen or eating outside in the beautiful courtyard, and decor that makes you feel you are anywhere but Scottsdale.If you are neither, than you should not have read this far, but should certainly give Cafe' Monarch a try, you will become both.Thanks Chris for making me feel like a regular the first time there. I will be back and bring friends. - James
5	Highly recommend! This upscale, casual dining restaurant is a special treat. Che Chris is a wonder in his tiny kitchen, making fresh ingredients come together for a memorable experience. And it's byob! Great for dates, groups, occasions frankly, any reason. Cannot wait to go again.
2	My goodness! Where are these reviews coming from?? A PR company? I've seen such positive press on this restaurant that when my husband tried to make a reservation and they told him that we needed to wait 3 weeks and  bring two friends since they only had a four top I was still excited to go. Disappointed. One, you pay a cork fee for your wine but the waiters are nowhere to be found to pour it. Not ONCE. Two, the decor was sterile at best. It was like modern looking office depot desks placed in a warehouse in some parts and then fake pine needles and mirrors in another. Kind of 'off'. Maybe they need to consult a decorator. Three, although we were told to bring two people since there were no two tops, there were 2 of them just in our little room alone not even including the front area. FOOD: You had no choice of appetizers or desert. One choice.  For the entree you got to choose between fish and meat but when we ordered the meat they didn't even ask how we liked it cooked. It was all average. AND, the reviews all tout how involved the owner is in choosing the meals but we saw no hide or hair of him until we were in the parking lot ready to leave.  Small asides: I asked for black napkins. They had them but they were wet. Yup. Wet. And when we decided to take a doggy bag (yes, for the dog) they handed us a cardboard box and told us to have at it. DISAPPOINTED. We will never ever ever ever ever go back again. The food was OK but nothing to brag about. Considering they only have FOUR dishes in the whole restaurant I expected to be wowed. Not so.Don't waste an evening out or your hard earned cash on this place. And I mean cash literally. They don't take credit cards.
5	Cafe Monarch is a treasure.  I'm sad there isn't a place like it back where I live.  I am in town for the weekend and had dinner here last night with my family.We were taken to the kitchen to meet the chef before we were seated outside in the courtyard.  It was lovely.  We brought a bottle of wine and enjoyed the appetizer: fresh mushrooms, asparagus, roasted bell peppers, proscuitto and pesto with lavash crackers.  It was a generous portion and both my mother and I felt like we could have walked away after the appetizer satisfied!The two entrees were absolutely fantastic.  Pork with cheddar polenta and some sort of (delicious) new mexico chile sauce.  Scallops fried in panko with arugula and heirloom tomatoes.  We tried both and were very satisfied.  Again, the portion was quite healthy and we felt totally satisfied.Dessert was good.  Fresh berried, mango with vanilla ice cream and fried wontons with chocolate sauce and berry sauce.  Service was terrific.  We had a great time and wish we could go back tonight!  If we lived in AZ, we would come back on a weekly basis!
5	This restaurant looks like an illustration off the page of a storybook. The decor of this quaint cottage is classic and pretty. We sat in front at a small table outside in the shade of a big tree.Chris is an anomaly. He was by himself cooking, hosting, and serving. I was impressed by his calm demeanor and grace. He ran his restaurant with a smooth efficiency. Busy as a bee but filled with purpose.  My dish of turkey with cranberry sauce, julienned apples, mandarin oranges, mixed greens, and bread chips reflects everything about this man's cooking. He understands flavors and cohesiveness. He also has an eye for beauty, each part of my plate reflected his attention to color and detail.My mom had made Korean food for Thanksgiving instead of the traditional stuff. But thanks to Chris I still got my Thanksgiving fix, in a gourmet way. It was nice having the best of both worlds. I had a lot to be thankful for.
5	Wow! What a treat! The dinner was incredible, atmosphere outstanding and service wonderful. It is a true Scottsdale gem. Very romantic and personalized service at a reasonable price...what more can you ask for! Our waiter Christian was delightful. The evening was priceless:)
5	Chef Christopher is not unlike a character crafted by (insert prolific author here). I wouldn't be surprised if his motto wasn't "if you want something done right, you have to do it yourself." Undoubtedly, he would wash dishes and bus tables if he could. The fact that he cannot control every second of the customer's experience is visibly painful.The night's main course was salmon or chicken. Crippled by indecision, I finally landed on the boneless, skinless chicken, with a smear of asiago cheese, basil and garlic rolled in prosciutto. This coiled beauty lay napping in a pool of fresh corn polenta with aromatic tomato basil fennel sauce.Cafe Monarch truly takes comfort food to the next level. My first bite was akin to stepping into a warm bath. Even the tap water tasted like home; a farm that I never grew up on. Truly honest, rustic food.No visit to Cafe Monarch would be complete without a little chat from the Chef. He personally thanks every one of his customers for coming in and tucks away their comments and feedback for later analysis. The conversations are never disingenuous, but always intriguing. In between tiny sips of hibiscus tea from what appears to be a squat ceramic container that you store kitchen utensils in, he is quietly studying you and plotting his next meal.
5	Definitely worth 5 stars. Everything about my visit to Cafe Monarch was exceptional. First, we were immediately intrigued by the brightly colored wall paint that had the two brunch choices for the day. Sweet & Savory. Both options sounded great, but I went for the Savory - which was a grilled salmon with tomato sauce & a baked spinach & potato quiche. The salmon was perfect - the best I have ever had. Many times salmon can get pretty dry, but it was tender and juicy. The quiche complimented the salmon nicely. It had a hint of spice (something - I could not distinguish) I thought both the presentation and taste was quite amazing.My girlfriend got the sweet option. Naturally, I am not into the fruit tarts, but I think chef Chris had a nice balance between fruits and vegetables. The plate came with a giant hunk of brie. I would say that even though it wasn't for me, it was still delightful.I am a sucker for D.I.Y decor. This place is filled with nick nacks that just make you smile. You can feel the passion that Chris has for culinary and interior design. You must go to the bathroom while at Cafe Monarch! Its super cool. After brunch we talked to Chris about his work, and he was very informative and humble. Upon leaving, we felt nothing but good feelings about supporting Chris and Cafe Monarch. It was a truly unique experience that set the precedent for me. Well done Chris!
4	Best breakfast! French Toast
5	Another fantastic experience at Cafe Monarch!    Chris and the team helped provide a memorable experience for a 50th birthday party of 20+ people --- starting with a cocktail reception and hors d'oeuvres in the candle-lit courtyard -- perfect atmosphere.   We moved inside for an exquisite and creative dinner.....with excellent, friendly service.Chris stopped by at several points in the evening to ensure everything was running smoothly and everyone was enjoying the food.   Our guests were all thrilled by the ambience and creative, delicious cuisine.For special occasions -- or just a night out to treat yourself, it is hard to beat the Cafe Monarch experience!
5	Hands down my new favorite place in Scottsdale!  Every thing about this place is perfect.  The atmosphere is romantic and relaxing, the service is friendly and helpful and the food is fresh, flavorful and downright incredible!  There were four choices today for lunch and I honestly don't think you could have gone wrong with any of them - all for the low price of $13.50 each.  I selected the arugula, prosciutto, tomatoes, cheese, and pesto plate...AMAZING!  Note that they are only open for lunch & dinner Thursday through Saturday and brunch Sunday...and they close for the summer.  Also, it is cash only, but trust me, it is so worth it!The chef stopped and talked to us as we were leaving...so nice and appreciative of our business.  Definitely a first class place!
4	I tried to go for brunch the last time I was in town with my son and girlfriend but there was a private party.  This time I was able to get in with my son.  Sat in the lovely patio area.  I ordered the bacon and date sandwich.  It was so tall because the dates were whole as we're the little tomatoes.   However once it was smashed down I tried to get my mouth on it for the full experience. Let me say the sweetness of the dates with the smoky, crunch bacon and delicious bread it was so worth the mess that was made.  The lady next to our table ate it layer by layer. No fun.   My son had the salmon salad.  There was a lot of salmon.  We shared and we had a lovely time together.  We were full so didn't have dessert but  I saw someone eating the brownie and it looked really good.  This is not a cheap restaurant but if you have a special date  this would be a place to consider.  Service was good.  Glad to have finally dined there.
5	My wife and i just dined at this restaurant. I am a chef and must say that Chef Chris's concept is one I have not experienced.The food was outstanding, service excellent and the decore was creative,down to the flower pot wine bucket and old wooden crate that it sat on.  Our entrees were served on either a bed of sundried ploenta or baby spincach and blackrice.  What really intrigued me was the slaw made of shredded green papaya that was part of the appetizer course. Being a chef I had to share a neat appetizer, that i recently found, using a baby corn shoot!  Chef keep up the suberb Cafe Monarch Bravo.
5	Eating here is like being invited to a dear friend's home for dinner, only your pal in the kitchen is a masterful chef.  I really respect what Chef Christopher does with his tiny workspace and limited support staff.  You generally get a choice of two tasty entrees - that's it.  But you can expect both dishes to be fresh, tasty, complex and atypical. I appreciate the BYOB concept, with the unbelievably cheap $10 corking fee.   If you're looking for a vast menu, or a hurried meal, or a place that accepts credit cards, look no further than Cheesecake Factory. If you view every meal as your last as I do, treat yourself to an exceptional dining experience with your bestie or partner at Cafe Monarch.
5	Amazing. No menu; chef prepares a 3-course dining experience that you won't regret. There was one choice for the 1st course, a nice sizes salad; two choices for the main course, and a dessert. When you call to make reservations the chef personally speaks to you to find out if you have any food allergies or dislikes. Intimate setting, great atmosphere. BYOB
4	I can't really say anything that hasn't been said over and over again in previous review.  Great service, phenomenal food, fair prices, and healthy portions.  This place is truly unique and I would come back over and over again.  However, I'm still not a fan of them not accepting credit cards which pisses me off to no end.  The personal call from the chef/owner a few days prior to our meal to confirm our reservation and other details is an excellent touch.  I would however have loved for him to drop by my table at some point during the meal.  I actually thought it was odd that he didn't.Anyway, this is a great place and highly recommended.
2	The chef promised three choices for entree...there were two...salmon which was fair and short ribs..a cheaper cut of meat.The tables were too small...not enough room for dishes, glasses and a wine bottle..the desert promised was bread pudding...but a cobbler was presented.Corkage of $10 per bottle, but glasses were not exchanged from red to white wine.The Chef asked about the meal but did not listen for a response...I will not go back
3	Cafe Monarch summed up to three words -- cozy cute and cash only... (okay that was not three words)I just went there yesterday and overall experience was MEEEH!!!we didn't know it was byob only and my lovely bf went across to circle K -- random i know-- to buy a bottle of wine. he mentioned he was pleasantly surprised with the wine selection there.We sat out at the patio since mother nature had graced us with lovely weather instead of the mid 40s we've been experiencing. There was a wood burning fireplace in the middle of the patio as well as gas lamps that kept us warm though... lanterns lit throughout the entire patio... it's very charming. i loved it.the food was good... i wasn't in love with it but it wasn't terrible either. but when i have a terrible customer service experience I become more biased and feel like the food does not taste as good.....and this is why....We had a 5:45 reservation and arrived around 5:50? (first customers of the night) met the chef and said hello~  sat down promptly and waitress gave us water, mentioned byob only blah blah bf ran bought wine.. another group of 3 arrives 10 or so minutes later and we order our entrees around the same time... our salad comes out after the group of three.. whatever, thats fine.. another couple sits down next to us around 6:30.... which is when our appetizer comes out. then.... our entree comes out around the same time the couple next to us comes out which is a good 40-45 mins after out appetizer comes out. by then, the party of 3 that came after us are having their dessert. We're not in a rush but I'm mildly annoyed. we finish our entrees.. I had shrimp in basil something polenta. bf has cornish hen with mango salsa spinach rice.. my bfs was yummy. mine, was good but its too much shrimp for me. he is still hungry after he eats all of his so he finishes my food.. after our main, i got up to go to the powder room to reapply lipgloss. i noticed the couple next to us is still eating.... and then... we sat there... waiting for our dessert and waited...and... the couple next to us gets their dessert first....  ours comes out maybe 5 mins later with a little sparkly candle to celebrate our anniversary... whatever.this is not the chefs fault.. its obviously the waitress that doesn't know how to time manage and fire (alert chef) the next course around the appropriate time.. i know, bc i used to be a fine dining server in college....hopefully the next time we go, we will have a more positive experience so we could focus more on the food..!
3	I think I expected too much going in to Cafe Monarch, so maybe I had just set the bar too high but I was a little underwhelmed with the experience.The service was very friendly and attentive... in the beginning. Towards the end of my mom's and my meal, we felt sort of forgotten about.I was expecting Chef Chris to call and confirm my reservation, based on other Yelpers reviews, which he did not. I was also hoping he would stop by my table, since I had specifically mentioned it was my first time coming and my mom was in town visiting from across the country. He did not stop by the table, but did talk to several other tables around us.I had also mentioned we were celebrating my mom's birthday a week early, not in hopes of getting anything since the prix fixe menu Chef Chris offers already comes with dessert, but just so maybe someone would mention something to my mom and make her feel special. I wasn't very pleased when the three tables around us were all given their desserts with cute little birthday candles, but nothing for my mom.As far as the food goes, I really did like both appetizers offered (we ordered one of each and shared), and the shrimp entree was very, very tasty. But neither my mom or I cared for the filet entree, as it was incredibly overcooked (the waitress said the beef would be prepared med-rare, it came out well as well can be) and the polenta served under the filet was very bland.$45 per person, plus $10 corking fee led to a $108 dinner before tip, which for three courses and booze is pretty reasonable in Scottsdale, I just think I set my mental bar too high.Cash only, btw.
5	The negative and subpar reviews completely dumbfound me.  This is a dining experience unlike no other.  If you're looking for a restaurant where everything is mass produced and the staff hurries you through to turnover table after table, then this won't be enjoyable for you.   If however, you enjoy unique dining experiences and spending time talking with your dining companions then this is the place for you.  Yes, it's BYOB and cash only.  The fact that it's cash only, who cares.  Really?  Why people find an issue in that is ridiculous.  You know in advance so why can't you plan for it?  And me personally, I love the fact that I can bring a really great bottle of wine versus ordering the same bottle at a restaurant marked up 200+%.  A $10 corkage fee is very minimal.Now let me get to the food.  $45 for a pre-fixed 3 course meal is PEANUTS for the amount and quality of food you receive.  Chef Chris takes great pride in his unique creations and I love showing up and being surprised.  While his creatiions are unique, they are not crazy adventurous where most people couldn't be satisfied at the entree selections.  He does create highly complex dishes with interesting flavor profiles that will leave you guessing how he imagined such unique combinations.  And yes, as some previous posts noted, there is a time delay in receiving your courses.  Again, this is an experience, not a meal at the Olive Garden. Chef Chris preps and creates every bit of your meal as a one-man show with fresh ingredients that change daily with the season.  Why rush it, enjoy it, it's worth it!  And really, some are upset if he doesn't make it to their table?  He's cooking all the food for everyone by himself.  On nights where he can pop out and mingle with his guests, he does.  Other nights it may not be as feasible.  Give him a break.Ignore the negative posts and go give Chris a chance for yourself.  It's these small restaurants with amazing food that I choose to give my money to and support.  You should too.  If you have the right attitude and love great food, you will not be disappointed.
1	Night ruined.Reservation was made 30 days in advance! The Chef acted like he was too good to spend time looking for our name. Simply looked at the book and said, no that name is not here.Warning: Don't go here for any type of occasion or you might end up stuck with no dinner that night. Luckily Roaring Fork came through with an amazing meal as always.
5	Class, such class!!! The owner was so sweet and just attentive to me and my friends needs. I truly appreicated him paying close attention to my allergy. The food was exquisite and you can tell they love what they do. I am also in love with the butterflies that come up in the spring. Just a great setting overall...
5	The food was phenomenal.  I loved the shrimp and polenta better than my husband's steak,but it was still good.  I'm still thinking of the dessert!  The puff pastry was out of this world.   The Chef is awesome and the service was the best.  Definitely recommend it!  He had some soup and even gave us a serving.  Very sweet guy!
1	Made a reservation to celebrate my anniversary a month and a half in advance.  Showed up on anniversary only to find no recollection of reservation.  Chef was arrogant and slow to accommodate.  He even went so far as to mention i would be lucky to eat his food.  We went elsewhere.  There are better places to spend money for excellent food in the Scottsdale area minus the attitude. I will not be patronizing his restaurant ever again.
5	Gracious gastronomic greatnessHad Cafe Monarch on our foodie bucket list since the flattering piece about it in Phoenix Magazine.  Originally wanted to partake last summer, before finding out that it is closed during hell season in the Valley.  My wife and I visited for Valentine's Day, instead.The converted house is beautifully done.  Service staff isn't what you'll find at a five-star/diamond place in terms of polish, but they are none the less attentive and thorough.  Some tips: Do not forget that CM is cash only; make a reservation; is price ($45) per person; and is BYOD.  There were a number of couples disappointed to step up and find out the place is already booked until March.  Another was surprised there is no ATM.  Minor things if you remember and prepare.Food was simply perfect.  The soup was delicate and you could play with the flavors in your mouth rather than be overwhelmed by salt or sugar or vinegar or even the stock.  The steak was immaculate in flavor and texture (he even cut against the grain).  And the dessert was an elating triple chocolate confection that mixed soft, crunchy, and smooth ganache flavors in a way I had not previously experienced.  Serving sizes are what they should be.  Nothing like the over-sized, moderate-quality options at even chain nicer chains.  The setup is each table belongs to you for the whole night and there's no rush to flip tables for volume.Last, the chef gives the impression of a kinder Gordon Ramsey-- just as serious and meticulous, is direct with his wait crew about attentiveness, but is also kind with his efforts.  It was nice that he called ahead to incorporate our food preferences.  Was more impressive that he remembered my wife's name when we checked out. Cafe Monarch helped make our Valentine's a superb night.  The dishes are wonderfully memorable.  We'll be back for brunch, dinners, and new food experiences.
5	I do not understand the poor reviews here.  We loved the quaintness of Cafe Monarch, it added to the experience.  The waiter was the best kind of attentive, he came over to serve our dishes, five mins later to check on the food and then ten mins later to refill the wine glasses.  The place is cash only and BYOB, but we had done the research and were aware of this ahead of time.  I got the sea bass which was TO DIE FOR and my husband got the steak, which was also FANTASTICO!  Chef Christopher was amazing, he even showed me how me made a couple of the sides so I could duplicate at home.  I will definitely be sending my parents here for their anniversary and anyone else who wants a nice meal.
5	Nothing really needs to be said about this place other than it has to be one of the most inspiring restaurants in the valley.
5	If I could eat here every day for lunch, I might. So perfect.
4	Food was fairly good but my fish was undercooked 4 stars for atmosphere and the dinner overall was very nice plus BYOB and corking service.
5	I am grateful to have stumbled upon this wonderful hidden Jim.  The food is exquisite and the grounds beautiful.  It's clear Chef Christopher has a gift that can't be found just anywhere.  With that I'd like to say thank you, Chef for sharing a little bit of yourself with me and the ones I love!  I wish you best wishes and look forward to visiting again next year. Amber
4	Have been here many times, the food is great and price is affordable
4	I have been meaning to write a review about this place for quite sometime. We had our rehearsal dinner here back in April of 2009. The Chef was so amazing and so accommodating. We were able to rent out the entire place for a private event, which isn't large to begin with but its very romantic and intimate. He created a wonderful menu for our guests upon our request which was different from any regular restaurant fair, and different from what we were serving at our reception. That was important to my husband and I as we had a lot of people from out of town attending and wanted to give them a great experience.There were candles everywhere and beautiful flowers, it was just a great experience. I will admit, I was skeptical but it turned out to be a beautiful night. The only reason I am giving this 4 stars, is if I remember correctly, it is cash only. If you are like me, you don't carry cash, like ever. And there is no set menu. Chef Chris cooks with local ingredients and the menu changes everyday.  But the food was great and the portion sizes were more than what I expected. I believe they close for the summer, since most of the seating is outside so make reservations once they re-open! Also, come with an open mind and open palette. It's also BYOB so come prepared and you will have a great evening. Its nice to find a small, intimate place in such a busy, fast-paced metro area. It will feel like you are somewhere else!
4	the food here was very good. liked the service. loved the flavored teas.
4	After my review I haven't signed on to yelp for a very long time only to notice that chef/owner had personally wrote me a sincere message regarding my experience, and although I have not yet returned to Monarch (since its closed in the summer) I'm truly touched by the thoughtfulness and gesture of owner/chef to make the overall experience better.
5	Best food ever, I love local places as I have been living here for almost 6 years one of my top visiting
5	Ever wondered what it's like to visit the Secret Garden? I imagine the atmosphere would sort of be like the patio at Cafe Monarch. Head past the intimate chef's kitchen dining room, which seats about 10, and through the gorgeous indoor restaurant that will make you feel like you're in a castle dining room, and walk out to the patio covered in candles, featuring a fountain, and ensconced with flowers. It's one of the most romantic restaurants in the Valley I've ever been to, and it re-opens Friday, October 4, after new ownership.Every night, Cafe Monarch features a unique three-course prix fixe menu, based on seasonal items and Chef Andrew Nienke's taste. Call ahead if you have special dietary needs, and they'll adjust the menu accordingly for you.I went there last week with some girlfriends -- thank you so much to new owner Christian Lewkowicz for the invitation -- and had one of the freshest meals I've ever had. We started with a watermelon salad, which came with huge chunks of juicy watermelon and a bed of fresh greens. I love watermelon salad, and this one was extra-tasty.My pals had salmon and filets for their entrees, while I got to nibble on quinoa topped with fresh carrots and leeks. The portion size was huge and left me stuffed.For dessert, we were treated to freshly baked puff pastries topped with fresh berries and vanilla ice cream. I slurped up every bite of the dessert, which was light and refreshing and managed to seem healthy because of the fruit. My favorite part of Cafe Monarch, though, was the atmosphere and hospitality. The service was amazing and made you feel like you were in your own little world -- perfect for an anniversary dinner or special get-together. Our meals would have cost $45 each, which was a steal for such unique culinary creations and such top-notch ingredients. The relaxed atmosphere will transport you out of the Valley for a night and make you feel like you're in your own private retreat.
5	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile now, they finally opened back up and we went Saturday night. It was well worth the wait! Everything about the experience was amazing.One of the most beautiful restaurants I have ever seen. I love all the touches with candles and lanterns. So romantic and we seriously loved the place. First taste was a crostini with jalapeno jam, brie cheese and green. Delicious! I wish I had more. First course was a beet salad with toasted hazelnuts. Also very good and I don't even like beets. Second course was a choice between filet and salmon. My boyfriend got the filet and I got the salmon. Both were incredible! And dessert was a pastry with fruit and ice cream. Pretty good, I enjoyed it and I usually like chocolate more. Overall such a great dining experience Got to meet the owner and the chef after dinner. All super polite and engaging. We will be back!!! Perfect location for a rehearsal dinner :)
5	This place is amazing!! My friend called to see if we could get in on a Friday night but we weren't holding our breath. Much to our surprise the owner said he could fit us in at 7:30! Already 5 stars in my book!When we arrived we were promptly seated at a table for 2 right next to this really cute, rustic wall fountain. The patio is adorable and the weather was perfect which made for a wonderful dining experience. Our waiter was very attentive and everything on the pre-fixe menu was to die for! So fresh and delicious.When we finished our meal, the owner took us on a tour of the kitchen where we met the chef and were able to see how he made everything for our dinner, so cool! I will definitely be back to try out a different menu another night as well as brunch!
5	This place is an absolute gem and is set up like a fairy tale. Seating on the patio is a must and one is surrounded with candles and green flora. We had the fixed price menu but they do offer bruschetta and brunch which I'm dying to try. Our meal started with a pear and brie on arugula salad which was perfect. The brie had a little toasting to it which was a nice touch. Then for the main course we had the filet and salmon, both cooked to perfection. Dessert was a nice puff pastry. But what made the experience even more amazing was the service. At the end of our meal we were greeted by the owner, Christian, who was very personable and friendly. He gave us a tour of his kitchen which was adorable. Our waiter, Jeff, chatted with us for a while about travel and food which was awesome. He also recommended Mabel's on Main afterward and we ended our evening on a wonderful high. I would absolutely recommend Cafe Monarch for anyone looking to fall in love or rekindle some passion!
5	Well I'm impressed!I've been to Cafe Monarch in Scottsdale now 3 times since it's relaunch under the guise of Christian Lewkowicz and chef Andy Nienke, each time more pleased than the last. The menu changes daily for dinner they offer an amuse bouche, salad, main course, and a dessert as their pre-fixe offerings. With only limited seating, you must call in advance. There is nothing more magical than dinner in the candlelit courtyard garden, which is where 'my' table is located. Last night I was treated to an amazing experience that I've come to know, if not expect from this talented duo. The amuse bouche was a tartare on a slightly toasted incredibly fresh baguette with a simple piece of raw red onion. "Heaven" The salad was a deconstructed caprese with heirloom tomatoes marinated in truffle oil over some of the freshest mozzarella I've ever tasted.  Entree choices were slow braised short ribs or grilled shrimp over polenta. My dining companion chose the short ribs, and absolutely loved them.  After a taste, I totally agreed with him. They were melt in your mouth tender, and so juicy and succulent. I chose the shrimp. I know you're thinking grilled shrimp? Yes, grilled shrimp. 8 large perfectly cooked shrimp over the most tasty polenta all topped with a delightful sweet/sour reduction that tied the textures and favors together like...well, like, The Millionaire Matchmaker was involved!  Each course is perfectly sized so that you can enjoy the flavors and not be overwhelmed with the taste. I know you know what I mean. You sit there beautiful meal presented to you, a huge portion of it, and you feel obligated to eat it. Don't deny the truth we've all been there!!!  The final course of the evening was a light and creamy ice cream, house made of course, bits of chewy, gooey chocolate cake and very slightly sweetened whipped cream, all with fresh sliced strawberries.  I'm not a huge dessert person, but the portion was just right for me.  Just a couple of bites is all I typically have, and that is what it was...just the perfect final bites to a fantastic meal. Do not forget they also prepare lunch on Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays with the same choice pre-fixe menu.  Please do yourself a huge favor and get to Cafe Monarch as soon as you can.I can not wait to go back!!!
5	So, somehow, I had never heard of this place. I can't even recall how I stumbled onto it. Probably when Googling something like, "top places in Arizona that make you feel like you're dining in the movie 'The Secret Garden'". Or something like that.This place is spec.tac.u.lar (said like Kevin Spacey from American Beauty).My friend and I just kinda went on a whim on a Thursday night, not knowing what to expect. I didn't realize the menu was prix fixe, but the hostess quickly filled us in on the details - $45 for a 3-course meal. Salad, entree, and dessert. Fine by us. We were greeted by extremely friendly staff and a delightful little patio, lit up by soft lighting and actual candles. Not that fake fire plastic cheesy bullshit. We were seated by a little fountain at a small table with a chair on one end, and then a 2-person couch on the other. Clearly meant for some type of romantic snuggling. A few minutes later, the owner, Christian, came by to chat with us a bit about the history of the place. He was very friendly and sincere.Our server took our beverage orders and I said something along the lines of, "I dunno, gimme something fruity. No cucumbers". He brought back something perfect for both of us, and they were SKRONG drinks. I was already giggling like a schoolgirl. Luckily, the eggplant salad came out quickly after to soak up some of that alcohol. It was super unique; filled with diced tomatoes, olives, chunks of eggplant and a bunch of other tasty stuff neatly placed on a bed of greens. Oh, I should mention, their menu changes daily, so you get something unique every time you go. Not sure if it changes for lunch/brunch, but for dinner it does. The salad and dessert are the same, but you have 2 choices for entrees. It makes ordering very simple. My friend had the short ribs and I had the shrimp polenta. Our entrees followed quickly after the salad, both looking and tasting delightful. I honestly don't know what the Hell polenta is, but it was yummy. Everything was so fresh and simple, and being a bit of a cheap, uncultured person, I appreciate things that are simple. I had a bite of the short ribs as well - tender AF. Lastly, our desert came out. Simple as well. Just a lovely brownie with some ice cream and wait...HOD UP. Is this brownie toffee!?? Yes, it was a toffee brownie. I tried to be polite and take adorable girly bites, but fuck it. I ate that thing in like 5 seconds. Afterward, the chef himself stopped by to get our feedback on the food. He was a character. Funny, friendly guy who unfortunately told us he was moving back to San Diego in a month. But I'm sure whoever replaces him will be just as badass. I would expect nothing less at this point.So after 2 drinks and a 3-course meal, I'd say yeah. We were pretty satisfied. Our bill came to about $120 total. Not what we had intended on spending, but certainly worth every penny. This place is really great for a romantic evening, a special occasion, and definitely a wedding. I haven't been for brunch or lunch yet, they've been booked up the past couple of Sundays sadly. But I can't wait to try it and write a novel on how I feel about it for your reading pleasure.You're welcome.
5	I had been hearing about the glorious dining experience at Cafe Monarch for years but never made it there to have lunch or dinner. Yesterday some friends came into town and I chose Cafe Monarch as an unique dining experience for them. And we were not disappointed!  Everything was wonderful from the open air enclosed patio dining to the subtly lit candles that were used to light up the back patio area to
5	What a wonderful experience for me.  I had planned all winter to visit this resto.  My friend and I kept trying to set a date that would work in Mar/Apr this year.  With it being the high season here in AZ, we had to book about 4 weeks in advance to get a decent seating time on a weekend night.  So, we booked our date.  A week out, my friend has a family situation that came up and could not make it.  Well, I waited all that time (not including the time it finally took for us to settle on a date) I sure as hell wasn't going to cancel the dinner JUST because my friend could not go.  Ok, so this is definitely not the type of place one would expect to see a woman sitting along eating dinner.  NO WAY.  This place has the most romantic, quiet and beautiful patio dining room.  With it being April, the patio dining room was in full effect and in walks ... ME.. solo.  Dressed to the nines in my 5 inch heels and dress and etc as if I were meeting someone.. Nope... table for 1.I am seated right away and this is when I began to really sit back and enjoy myself.  Every person that came to my table called me by name, Ms D, can I get you some more Tea?  Ms D, how was the this and Ms D, can we get you a that?  Oh man, all that fuss over me made me feel like a true princess.  Chef Chris even came by twice and commented that he was happy I had decided to come anyway.  I was too.My meal was very good.  A week or so before the dinner, Chef Chris personally called me to ask what types of foods we didn't like and what we liked.  I said Chilean sea bass is my favorite fish and I generally enjoy fish.  I forgot to mention that the only thing I really HATE is fennel and caraway seeds - like PLEASE DO NOT PUT THAT IN MY DISHES.  How I manged to forget that important detail is beyond me!  So its the dinner night....   On my drive to dinner, I remember thinking to myself, how could I forget that i HATE fennel and caraway seeds.  I thought, what are the chances that he would have fennel or caraway seeds in the dish?  I shrugged it off and thought, "naaaah".  Get to dinner and discover they had Chilean Seabass (Yeaaa!) with, you guessed it, blanched fennel and etc.  My heart sank because I don't really eat beef, which was the other option.  so, I ordered the Chilean Sea Bass.  I figured I could possibly remove anything with fennel in it and just eat the fish.  To my surprise, the fish comes out and, you guessed it, I LOVED it.  Fennel and all.  I was shocked.  I ate EVERY bite of that fish.  Chef Chris told me that blanching fennel calms down the flavor and he was right.  It was actually extremely pleasant.  Any place that can make me like fennel and cause me to start cooking the fennel in my CSA basket at home deserves a minimum 4 stars.  They get a bonus star for the stellar service.I think I will return for a b'day dinner... alone in the next couple of weeks.  I'm due for some food pampering.  Bravo Chef Chris and staff!
5	What a cute place with amaaaazing food and service!I came her last week for my birthday, its more of a romantic setting that I would recommend to couples for a special night out. Theres a great patio in the back with large trees, shrubs, fountains, and candle lights all around. All the staff seem to really care about the business and their customers. I felt that the food was worth the price and the overall setting and experience took it to the next level getting the 5 stars!
4	Very happy with my experience here!  Stopped by on a Wednesday evening (which is apparently a new night for them as they were only open Thurs - Sun) and were able to be seated immediately.  In fact, it was pretty empty.  The courtyard area is very cozy / romantic / beautiful.  I love the atmosphere!  The starter (squash with burrata and other yummy things) was delicious!!!  For the main, I chose the fish (choices were between fish and pork) and it was good - not great.  I still ate it all, but I've had better.  The dessert was also very good.  Overall, it was a great meal and experience.  I liked only having to decide on my main and wine.  The "host" seemed very passionate and knowledgeable about the food and was very friendly.  (I think we offended him when one person from our table asked for salt - which isn't a negative thing, it just shows their passion / confidence in their food!).
5	Where to begin...I don't think there is one thing that I did not like about this place! I finally got a chance to visit this hidden gem in Old Town Scottsdale on a Wednesday evening around 7pm. The ambiance itself was breathtaking. It is truly what I would  picture a hidden garden to be like lit with candles throughout the dining area. Seating is limited and you must call in advance. You have the option to be seated inside or outside and I would highly recommend you reserve a seat in the garden if you are looking for fireworks this place has to offer. It literally screams ROMANCE!!! As of now, there is about a 2 week wait to reserve seating on both Friday and Saturday.My friend and I were blessed to have Christian Lewkowicz, the new owner of Cafe Monarch, wait on us throughout the evening. He provided us with a the history of how Cafe Monarch came to be, his vision, the personal touch he has made to the decor including his lovely display of his grandmother's paintings throughout the restaurant and the much more. The menu changes daily for dinner they offer an amuse bouche, salad, main course, and a dessert as their pre-fixed offerings. The portions are much larger than I thought they would be. I loved the idea of a pre-fixed menu, because it helps those who tend to choose the same thing every meal to live outside the box! Overall, the food was cooked to perfection and arrived at the right time every time:) To end the night Christian Lewkowicz took his already over the top customer service to a whole new level and offered to give us a private tour of the kitchen, which was the icing on the cake. It was a much smaller set up than I imagined and it still amazes me how much work and creativity comes out of such a small space.I am already planning my next visit for brunch with my girlfriends and look forward to another priceless experience:) Thanks Christian!
5	We enjoyed the ambiance and food at Cafe Monarch - nearly a perfect evening! It's tucked away on 1st Avenue in Scottsdale, and on this cool and rainy evening, we felt very comfortable. It's prix fixe, $45, plus drinks. We enjoyed the salad and then had the two choices for entree - scallops and pork osso buco. Each dish was prepared perfectly, and the desert was excellent, too. The waiter was good - and the only quibble is that that fellow picking up plates as we finished stopped 3 times to ask if we were done, when we were clearly not. Once is fine, 3 times is not good training. The bill came just as I took my last sip of coffee - also a bit rushed. Everything else was well paced and done well, and the rest of the evening was wonderful. Enjoy! Recommended for a special evening.
5	I made it a point to visit this restaurant during my trip to Phoenix.  Being from Manhattan, I am spoiled with exquisite restaurants to select from.  This was by far a true gem of a fine eatery.  The scallops were cooked to perfection with truly creative flavors.  The ambiance is chic, cozy and elegant.
5	Vegan/vegetarian friendly! Exquisite food. It's the cutest little place with candles all over and warm fire places. Great service!!! Came here with my whole family.
3	Cafe Monarch's dining concept is such a fun and exciting idea, fresh organic locally sourced meat/seafood and produce with a fun and exciting new menu every night depending on their finds for the day for $45.00 a person. Simple and fun for foodies like me who enjoy trying new things. The problem with Cafe Monarch lies in the execution of their menu, I applaud the new owner Christian for all of his hard work and being a new restaurant owner is never easy, so if I were able to have a conversation with him regarding his establishment these would be my critiques::: The whole idea of a set menu is fantastic, and working with people's food allergies is needed, but when you only offer such a small selection of items they should be executed to perfection, there is unfortunately no room for error. There was perhaps a continuity issue between the courses, I felt as though the meal didn't flow together and there were several missteps with nearly every course. On my most recent visit the amuse bouche was a taste of smoked salmon with a pistachio - it was kinda a strange combo, the salmon lacked flavor and the pistachio overpowered the delicate piece of fish. When we transitioned into our salad course the pork belly that was in our salad was over cooked to the point that the beautiful smoky and fatty piece of belly resembled more of a piece of beef jerky - it should have been the star of the course - but instead it wound up on the side of the plate. That evening the entree choices were a pork shank or a scallop. The pork on this particular evening was the real star - beautifully cooked, tender and flavorful. The scallops were both high quality and cooked to perfection but they lacked any sort of real flavor. The desert consisted of brownies which were so over cooked they weren't even edible! The wait times on the particular visit between courses was unbearable... We waited nearly 40 minutes between our salad course and our entree. It would have been nice to have some bread to munch on while we waited.  They really need to work on the timing of the entrees.We ordered a couple bottles of wine which were great and moderately priced, they have a full bar, when we asked the waiter what their speciality cocktail was he recommended their Moscow mule. When we received the mule in the proper copper mug I was excited but then I tasted it - it was flavorless and lacked ginger and lime. The service was fantastic - our server was very knowledgeable and was attentive. Our plates were cleared in a timely manner and we were checked on regularly throughout the evening. The building itself is beautiful and rustic and they have a lovely romantic patio for those nice Arizona evenings! With a few simple improvements I see a long and positive future for cafe monarch but without any changes I can't see how the hype for this place could continue for long. When you're spending 150.00 for two for dinner you expect just a bit more than what you are receiving!
5	This is one of the few places where after taking the second bite you put down your fork and say: "oh. My. God." I am not going to write an overly loquacious review. This restaurant is simply perfect and perfectly simple. Both in the kitchen and out, the entire staff are passionate about their work. We were here on our honeymoon and it couldn't have possibly been better. Lamb shank all the way!
5	I feel I'm long overdue to write a review as it was Yelp that led me here. My search words were "romantic" and "candlelit"...and for my dining companion's sake, I threw in "vegan".  This place delivered on all three counts. I only wish my date had measured up to the restaurant, but that's a different story...They were able to accommodate us on very short notice, and were not fazed at all when I mentioned that one meal would need to be vegan. I knew it would be a little spendy, but I was ready for a reason to throw on the LBD and the boots, and to be fair, of course it costs more, it's not Olive Garden. (If you happen to love Olive Garden, don't take offense...apples and oranges...).I had read previous reviews about the outdoor seating area, but unfortunately, (or maybe fortunately) it was raining that night and we had to eat inside. We mistakenly walked to the kitchen first, and I already loved it. We were *personally* greeted, and shown to our table. It has an intimate, warm feel, and there were only two other parties there.  I was in my little black dress, and others were a bit more casual yet no one seemed over or under dressed. The server wore jeans and a black dress shirt, and the whole place seemed "casually elegant" if that makes sense.I ordered white wine, and my date ordered red. I am not a huge red wine drinker, I really wish I could remember what it was though-- (a Cab of some sort) because I came close to converting that night...:)The food was amazing. The chef had prepared a vegan meal specifically for my date, and I had the lamb. Everything from the appetizers to the dessert was perfection. The portions were not huge, but the flavors more than made up for that, as it should be...:) I still ended up taking some of my home, and it made for a delicious snack the next day! The server was attentive and gave great recommendations on the wine, and the owner came out and chatted with us.He was extremely personable and you could tell he loved what he was doing. I will definitely be back...next time with a different date, lol!Thanks for a fantastic dinner!
3	So after finding out there was a new chef here, the husband and I decided to give them a second chance for our 3 monthaversary. We went last night and I can't say it was an amazing experience...I was between 3 and 4 stars only because of our awesome server Bailey. He really turned things around for us. So, to start, it is now 55$ per person for the  3 courses. We were seated on the patio, which is pretty and romantic but cooooold and they were having heater issues...moving them all around and it was not ideal. We started with a not very exciting salad. It was basically just a piece of brie, a poached pear, and a few nuts covered in a pile of arugula... not bad, but nothing special at all. For entress we had the choice of seared scallops over lentils or a kona crusted filet with some kind of sauce over a parsnip puree.... I love purees, so I went with the filet. We waited a long long time (seems like this hasn't changed with the ownership change). When our steaks finally came out, I was confused....there was no puree.... instead there was some roasted veg of sorts. I asked the server to make sure I wasn't crazy, and he said unfortunately they had run out. Well crap. We waited like an hour for our food and I only ordered that cuz I wanted the puree. That's lame. We had reservations... I feel like if you take reservations and you only have a certain number of dishes you serve (uhhh two) you can figure how much of each ingredient you need. Oh well. Disappointed, we cut into our steaks and took a bite. It was disgusting. The sauce that covered the entire filet tasted like burnt funky badness. I am not one to complain at restaurants, but this was inedible. I told the server that it tasted burnt and asked him if that was possible (I didn't want them to make me another of the same dish and it turns out I just don't like the way they prepare it). He said it was possible and took our plates. At this point, we decided to ask if we could just pay for our salads and go since we had been there an hour and a half and apparently nothing had gotten better since our last visit. Our server said they had made replacement steaks and were bringing them out shortly, so we waited. The new steaks had a totally different sauce on them, a red wine reduction, and were much better...still not nearly the best filet I have had, but good. The dish was a completely different dish than what had been described to us two hours prior (and our server joked with us about that, which I appreciate). Here's where things turned around. Our server, Bailey, offered us a couple of cocktails to make up for all that had gone down, so we accepted with much appreciation and the drinks were good. Our server kept the mood light, joking that he'd bring the dessert out in a couple hours...ha. He brought it out fairly quickly and with french press coffee. It was very good, a rum cake with strawberries and blackberries. Coffee was good as well. While eating our dessert I overheard another server explaining to another table that something had gone wrong with the equipment so they had to change the sauce on the filet, he even said it tasted bad. I was so relieved that it wasn't just me. Anyway, for the price you do get a lot of food, but it still seems like this place may not totally have its act together (except for our wonderful server, that is), so I think it'll be a long while before I give them another try.
5	I wavered between a 4 or 5 star and finally ended up at 5. Not only was our meal delicious but the atmosphere is incredible and the whole dinner was memorable. Having come from a small town in the Midwest, I didn't grow up with places or patio's like this (especially not ones you can sit on in January or February) and every time I stumble across one in Phoenix, I act like a kid in a candy store and take 20 pictures of everything and just get HAPPY. The ambiance of the patio was something out of a dream to me. Lots of greenery and vines, pieces of neat decor, and LOTs of candles. My fiance and I came here with another couple for her birthday dinner and I was so happy that Cafe Monarch was where she chose to go! We had discussed Different Point of View or Elements at Sanctuary but ended up here as it was closer to our after dinner plans at Mabel's on Main. While this place might seem better suited for a romantic dinner for two, it also worked pleasantly well for a table of four. It has been bookmarked on my Yelp forever and it seemed like the type of place that warrants a special night out. I had been a bit hesitant about the menu since its a limited offering every night but we had the perfect meal when we were told a beef tenderloin filet was offered that night. My FAVORITE! The other meal was scallops. Our waiter was attentive and kept us good on drinks the whole evening. The time between courses was slow but I think they intentionally do that to make the dinner an event rather than trying to turn over the tables quickly. Since we had plans for after dinner, we asked if they could pick up the pace and they definitely did, so the effort was really appreciated. The filet had a coffee rub on it and a nice sauce over the steak that I enjoyed a lot. So many times you go to Capital Grill, Ruth's Chris and the like and get a big steak but not a lot of other flavors or seasonings on it. While some may say that's the way a steak should be served, sometimes it's nice to switch it up. The filet was 8oz and was very tender and cooked perfectly and I thought the sauce complimented it very well. The salad and dessert were both good too and I would jump at the chance to come back here again. It may even be at the top of my list when my parents visit in April. Definitely has the WOW experience for me!
5	An experience unlike any other.  My girlfriend took me here for my birthday.  It is cash only, BYOB, small tables, and romantic.  You get 3 courses prepared basically right next to you by the chef.  There really is no menu to choose from which I thought was cool, just what the chef gets from the market that day and decides to create.  We had a beef dish which was fantastic and we got lucky sitting next to him.  He had some extra shrimp left over from another dish he made and let us try it, it was amazing too.  Just a very cool/different dining experience.  Don't expect a quick, rushed dinner.  Just sit back, drink some if the wine you brought, and enjoy the experience.
5	Was perfect for a valentine's dinner. Food delicately prepared with full of flavor, romantic ambience, and not overly priced. Will be back on our next trips to the town
4	Full disclosure: After our last trip, which went awry (see the review), I got a phone call from the manager (owner?) apologizing for what went wrong, explaining that their chef had an emergency of sorts and needed to leave and someone else took over who did not do his job correctly. She said that she knew that this dinner was a total mess and that she wanted us to come back another night to try it again. I, of course, told her that was not necessary, but I appreciated the offer, but she insisted several times. That is how I found myself back there tonight. Tonight's dinner was night and day different than the dinner we had two weeks ago. I know this may be slightly skewed since we had been asked back after having a not as good experience, but because of the nature of this restaurant (everyone gets the same food) I still think this experience was valid. The patio continues to be beautiful, and tonight was a great night for the patio because it was cool, not cold, and the heaters were not necessary. The menu was a very good one, though not particularly suited to the husband and I (as we aren't generally fans of seafood and this menu was seafood heavy). Despite this, we enjoyed every bite of the meal. We started with a lobster bisque. I was prepared not to like this, as I don't love lobster, but this was sooo good. Creamy, velvety, and not too fishy. It was served with a piece of toast that soaked up the broth...really good. Secondly, we had the same salad as the last time we were there....but it wasn't the same. It had the same components, but it was made correctly this time... last time it was just a piece of brie, with plain undressed arugula, plain nuts and a big piece of poached pear.... this time the salad was dressed perfectly, it had a thin slice of poached pear and a slice of poached apple and the brie was grilled (I think....)... it was so much better. For main dishes we had a filet topped with crab and a bearnaise sauce served with cheesy delicious potatoes, beets which were....beets, and nicely cooked asparagus and sea bass topped with cucumber and avocado served over red quinoa cooked with bacon, roasted carrots, and a delicious sauce (this was super flaky and delicious....the husband liked it better than the steak which is very unusual). Dessert was also tasty, it wasn't what it said it would be on the menu (was supposed to be chocolate espresso, but was a vanilla cake of sorts with several different yummy sauces like caramel and chocolate and served with fresh fruit...the best part? The nuts... really well toasted and added just the right amount of flavor). We weren't offered/didn't get coffee, but that was ok. Additionally, we had our dinner over 1.5 hours... I feel like that is an appropriate amount of time for a coursed dinner, so that was a great improvement. After this experience, I can see us giving this restaurant another chance... we will be back!PS After giving it some thought, I have concluded that the problem that we have experienced at this restaurant is largely due to communication. Had we been told there were issues in the kitchen and invited back another night from the beginning, that would have been acceptable (especially given the size of this operation and I do feel that it was not very fair that because of yelp we got a second shot but the other people there that night who most likely had the same experience probably didn't get the same treatment). Had we been informed at some point about menu changes, that would be ok too, but for some reason, things like this aren't disclosed at this restaurant. For example, the menu said chocolate dessert or pureed potatoes or whatever, if I were at a regular restaurant and ordered that, they would need to tell me, Oh I'm sorry, we've run out of that, but we do have something else. Why isn't that the case here? If there was one thing I think they should change, that would be it. Just a thought, but, as described, the food was far better last night and the follow up service was also very good, so they have that going for them
5	This is the best restaurant in Scottsdale or Phoenix...One of the best in the US.I should not be writing this review because it will make it much harder for us to get reservations, but, Cafe Monarch deserves so much praise for the quality of its food,its ambiance, and the amazing chef and family who own the establishment.The food is absolutely terrific, highest quality and incredible preparations. The menu is unique, you have a choice of two different entrees each evening, and the appetizer, salad and dessert are part of the meal...the price is an excellent value.Their wine selections are unique, all excellent. We went with friends who were wine experts, they did not recognize many of the selections, but found some great offerings. It was fun to find small vineyard offerings and discover new wines. The dining areas are intimate, we especially love eating in the outside area, a garden setting where you are transported to someplace lush and secluded..You would never know you are in downtown Scottsdale. What more can I say?
5	Cafe Monarch has a very quaint and romantic atmosphere.  The staff was very nice and attentive.  The food was delicious.  I have to admit,  I was disappointed when I found out that Cafe Monarch has changed owners.  I have heard many great things about this place and finally when I  checked it out, they told me about the change.  I was nervous how my experience would be with a different chef.  I am glad they still lived up to their expectation!  :)
5	This place has out of this world food and great service.  Phillip and chef Brandon are amazing!  I had the blue fin tuna for my entree.  You get a lot of food for the price.  We got 4 courses and it was under $60 per person.  So great for a Tuesday night!  Can't wait to come back and try next weeks menu!
4	We found the original Cafe Monarch a couple years ago, and yes it was by far the best in the valley.  I was crushed to find it had closed.  Recently I saw it on Open Table and found they had reopened.  Alas, it is not the same place at all.  No more BYOB, which was fab, as we could enjoy a really great wine.  So now at $55 plus just for the food, it is quite expensive.  But then so are the (ugh) steak joints, soooo.They really jammed the tables in the courtyard which is small.  The tables are tiny and you really feel crammed in.  God help a large man over 6 feet in the chairs.The food was very interesting, a great mix of flavors but TOO SALTY.  Everything was too salty (except dessert).  NO BREAD.  For $55, can't I get some warm bread!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I'd even pay $56!!!!Some of the sauces were very tastly (except salty) and I wanted to polish them off.  Was I to lick the plate to get my money's worth?   Please, give us some BREAD!!!They also need WARM PLATES.  So hard?  Not really.  Our main course was warm but not hot.  I want my food HOT.   Be prepared to spend $100 each for dinner.  My hsb thought his meat was not the quality you would get in some places, but again compared to the steak places.....That being said, we will try it again.  The food had a very interesting mix of flavors.  Everything was interesting, and would be outstanding if they lost some of the salt.
5	I came back here again for my birthday dinner. This is the first time I've been back since they have redone the back patio renovations and I'm glad we did. The environment oozes romance. The food was exquisite and service impeccable. I wish they still had the BYOB option (corking fee applies) because I had tasteful bottles of wine I would have loved to pair my meal with.  My date loved it too. I will definitely be back with my plus one.
5	Outstanding food, service, ambiance and outdoor dining. Moderate portions, expensive but worth it.
4	Food and drink was really good...we would totally go back, but it seemed a bit rushed.All and all a great experience!
5	Outdoor garden, fixed menu,  Not BYOB anymore
4	Finally, I was able to try Cafe Monarch. I've been wanting to go there for years! There was a group of 6 of us and we had made our reservation over a month in advance with a request for the patio, but it was inside seating for us. I was kinda bummed because we had heard so much about the patio, but our table was nice and felt like our own little dining room. Our food was delicious-- especially the salmon with squid ink risotto-- everyone that had that cleaned their plates. Dessert was a simple strawberry shortcake type thing, that was SO perfectly sweet and fluffy.Love the simplicity of the very few options-- you know if they are only making a few things they are doing it right. We had a vegetarian and a gluten-free diner with us and the kitchen impressed them both by creating dishes for them that they could enjoy. Our server on the other hand was totally confused by the dietary needs and continually forget that they had them. He gave a poor representation of what was going on back in the kitchen! We did the wine pairing and he didn't bring the wine in time to drink with the food it was supposed to be paired with (every time). He couldn't remember what was in the dishes-- it was almost painful, we helped him by looking at our menus and reading them for him. We'll go back for sure, but it IS hard to want to sign up for the same type of service experience-- I hope they can work on that because the food is money.
5	went there a few weeks aro ti celebrate muy husband's birthday. We had such a nice dinner! so delicious , I had never tasted a watermelon, beet and ricotta salad so good! If you go , get the wine pairings for your dinner, totally worth it and will make the ocassion even more special.our server was really helpful and nice and even noticed some obnoxious girl who kept laughing to the top of her lungs next to us and suggested to turn up the music up a bit. ;)
5	I took my boyfriend there for his birthday and the food was absolutely amazing!  The owner Christian was so wonderful and even gave us a tour of the kitchen. The food was perfectly prepared with perfect pairings of wine. I would recommend it to anyone and we will be back there again very soon.
5	Awesome artisan chef.   Unique and delicious.   They typically have a couple of dishes to choose from.  The chef clearly takes great care in menu selection as I've never been at a loss to find one I like.  Highly recommend this restaurant for brunch and recommend sitting on their beautiful patio!
5	The best place I have been to...my fiance is pregnant and is due shortly and wanted to treat us out...honestly you pay for what you get..and that is perfection in the food and the drinks..even the water..mint and cucumbers out of this world..the patio is very rustic and old school it is a perfect romantic setting..if I have the money again I would love to check out that weeks menu!!! Place from the outside looks like a hole in the wall..but man does the food and crew throw you for a loop!!
5	My mom offered to take me out so we could have our own Mother's Day dinner, just the two of us. I picked Cafe Monarch based on Yelp and we couldn't have asked for a better experience. The place itself is so warm and inviting. The patio is seriously magical with all the candles and greenery. The food was equally as great. We checked the menu online before we made reservations to see what was on tap and the menu for the evening sounded really interesting. And it was. It was $55 a person for the four courses and it was worth every penny. Our service was excellent and since we went a little early, we had the place to ourselves for almost an entire hour. I will definitely be back and bring the husband for a date night. So glad we found this place!
5	What a wonderful place, made a reservation at the last minute so we didn't get to sit on the patio. The place is intimate and warm and inviting. It's a Prixe fix menu every course was great, I almost don't want to post this because it may get too busy. I dine out a lot and this was one of best meals I've had in a long time, I would give it a 6th star but yelp wouldn't let me.
5	I had the best Mother's Day brunch ever at Cafe Monarch. I also had dinner here once and my taste buds could not have been happier. An exquisite cornucopia of ingredients that were obviously well thought of by the chef resulting into delectable dishes that I ended up craving for. Indeed, a very talented, one of a kind chef in a place with such a romantic and enchanting ambiance. A one of a kind experience. It was worth very penny.
5	An Oasis in the Desert!My girlfriend and I have been meaning to try out this place for about a year now. Her and her fiance are moving to Australia next week so I sent her a text telling her we have to have a going away dinner and we had to try this place out before she left! So we double dated and all 4 of us were blown away.We had a table in the courtyard which is just simply amazing. The word that kept coming to mind with the decor was "quaint" I don't know if that is the right word but I can't think of a better one! Loved it. You get a 4 course meal for $55 which for the quality and atmosphere is very reasonable. We all elected to add the $25 for the wine pairing (3 wines).Each week is a brand new menu! One of the things that I loved was since there were no decisions to make except your meat (It is a pre fixed meal and you choose one of the 2 entree dishes) I tried ingredients and dishes I might have skipped over under other circumstances. The Food-We started with an Amuse Busch (spelling?) which was Lobster and Ricotta stuffed squash blossoms with a tomato curry sauce- FANTASTIC! Our next course was a watermelon and yellow beat salad with marcona almonds and a lemon vinaigrette - all the ingredients were so fresh. For dinner my boyfriend got the Halibut and I got the Ribeye so we could try each dish. Normally I am not a big fish fan, not that I dislike it, I just like meat better! But this Hazelnut-Brown Butter Halibut was just superb! It was served with sauteed Wild Ramps, Roasted Sweet Corn, Forbidden Rice, Red Quinoa and Couscous, Cockle Clam Vinaigrette. It was served in a sort of "patty" next to the fish. All of it went great together! The Ribeye was sooooooo tender! Would give any steakhouse a run for their money! It was a 4 chili rubbed Ribeye (I ordered mine Medium Rare Plus and it was perfect). It was served sliced instead of whole and came ontop of a potato Leek-Lobster Hashbrown that has mushrooms and spinach in it. The other couple did the same thing (splitting the 2 meals) and were as equally estastic about it!For desert we a White Chocolate Key Lime Tart with a Raspberry Sorbet. It was the perfect end to the meal!For the Wines- Our Amuse Busch and First Course was served with a French Chardonnay which complimented both dishes great. The Napa Blend (Hahn) was OUTSTANDING! I even ordered another glass and took note of the name so I could purchase it for my home! The dessert was accompanied with a desert white white served in a champagne glass, seemed like a cross between a Muscato and an ice wine but this was the only wine they didn't bring the bottle out for and I never asked what it was. We decided at the end of our meal to order a round of champagne to toast their moving to Australia and to Cheers to our fantastic evening at Monarch Cafe! All of it was just superb and service was spot on! Will definitely be back!
5	One of the most amazing foods I have had in a long time. The place is also very charming and romantic, with a very professional and pleasant staff.
4	Great service, amazing; local food, with a patio that is simply charming! The menu is simple and the food outstanding! Christian, the owner, clearly loves what he does and appreciates his guests. Inside is beautiful but the patio takes it to a whole new level!
5	Another great experience at Cafe Monarch! My boyfriend and I had dinner on Saturday night and the food was amazing as always. The service here is always equally amazing, and it's hard to find good service in old town. Ask for Marlen, he does a great job, very knowledgeable! My boyfriend is a foodie and could write for days about flavor profiles and textures, etc but all you need to know is that the food tastes great. I really appreciate that the menu changes every week because every week there is something new to be excited about trying. I also highly recommend trying every dish just as the chef has prepared it (as long as it doesn't interfere with allergies of course). I can be a picky eater at times but everything on the plate is there for a reason and I have surprised myself at how much I enjoy certain ingredients when they are used the right way. This place is perfect for romantic/special occasions, the outside courtyard is very beautiful decorated and cozy. One of my favorite AZ restaurants!
5	Great restaurant! The patio is so perfect with its palm tree "walls" and candlelit chandeliers. It's quaint and intimate and so cozy! The attention to detail is unmatched down to the cucumber mint water and the music played. The cocktails are all handmade and delicious. The prefix menu makes the whole experience even better because you just show up! When we made our reservations they asked for any food/dietary restrictions (I try to eat gluten free and my husband eats no meat) and they were accommodating without a doubt! We will be back again soon!
5	I love this place! It has a great patio and a constant change in the menu with wine pairings that suit the meal perfectly. Every time I go, I leave happy and recommend it to my friends.
5	Cafe Monarch lives up to the hype. The courtyard is a perfectly romantic setting, the food is divine, the service is solid, and the price is well within reason for the experience you get. I will be regularly checking the ever evolving menu and coming back as much as I reasonably can. This is an oasis in the desert, I can't believe I waited so long to try it.
5	I planned a surprise party last week and it could not have turned out better! Every other place I called wanted a large deposit and could not accommodate 20+ people. The owners, Phil and his brother, helped me with arranging for the cake delivery and setting everything up. The venue was great and the food was even better! Definitely will be going back.
5	OK- I'm selfish as I read a lot of reviews before going to places but don't post. I must share my comments as I have to get the word as you don't know what you're missing out on if you don't go. I took my wife out for her birthday, wondering if it really lives up to the hype. Cutting to the chase, this was the best pea cold soup, salad, steak (she has the fish), and desert we have ever had, and we've been to some really nice restaurants. Sound crazy, but the even the coffee I had after the meal was delicious. So going back, we started off the whole evening with their own house mixed concoctions, which was really tasty. The atmosphere is what really caught our attention, as the local owners designed everything piece by piece. They pay attention to the details, making sure everybody was taken care of and everyone got paid that extra special attention we all crave for in a server. (I spoke with the owner and learned about the history of this place and how they re-designed this)  The couple next to us was celebrating their anniversary, and everybody who was celebrated something received a present from the restaurant. I wanted to post some pictures but they came out too dark as we went out to the patio afterwards to have another drink. Misters cooled us down---felt really good. Bottom line, if you want some REALLY good food and just good service, this is the place. Will be back soon. Thank you SO much for the great experience!
5	I took my wife here for our 2nd year anniversary. This is by far the most intimate and romantic restaurant that I've been to with phenomenal food and exceptionally great service. They have set 4 course meal menus that go for $55 per person that changes every few days. For two people you are looking at $180-200 with tips and drinks. Very pricy but for special occasions like this, well worth your money.
5	Loved every moment.  Beautiful place,  exquisite service,  wonderful food. Couldn't ask for more.
5	The most charming, beautiful and amazing restaurant I've ever been to. The food was superb! I wish they would open one in Vegas!
5	love this place. Romantic atmosphere, nice music, good food. perfect for a nice date!
4	The food was absolutely amazing!! Atmosphere was spot on! Or waiter was boarder line and there was a super loud birthday party (which obviously is not the restaurants fault) My dinner took a long  time to come out, which they made up for with a free glass of wine! This is a great great stop! A must...
5	A big group came on my birthday and while I was thinking there was no way it could be as good without Christopher, I was wrong.  I will without a doubt be back for more.
5	The hype is well deserved.  This really was as close to a perfect dining experience as I've had in awhile.  Sure its pricey, but I knew that going in and the experience was completely worth it.  I actually took my Mom here for dinner on a brutally hot summer evening.  She originally wanted to go somewhere else fancy but after reading up on this place on Yelp and seeing the Check Please AZ segment, I steered her in this direction.  Boy am I glad that I did.This place is set in an otherwise nondescript part of Downtown Scottsdale near the southwest corner of Goldwater and Indian School.  When you drive up to the premises, you see a long but narrow building and the hostess waiting right at the front door.  I got a little confused about where to go as they no longer have the dining room in the kitchen area, but rather on the north side of the building.  The setup of the interior is just as other Yelpers have described.  Beautiful, quaint, intimate.  There's a beautiful courtyard in back with dining tables as well but it was far too hot to dine outside tonight.  No worries though, we had a great view of the outside from our table.  The biggest surprise to me was actually how casual the dress was.  The men I saw were all in polos and khakis while the women were in casual summer dresses.  Not nearly as dressy as I expected.  The menu here changes weekly and there are very few choices you get to make.  Its a four course menu with an amuse bouche (basically a light snack) to start, then an appetizer, then you choose between one of three entrees, and then a dessert.  The amuse bouche tonight was a grilled zucchini soup with goat cheese and a crostini.  Fantastic start to the meal as the soup was cold, light, and the crostini was incredibly flavorful despite its relatively small size.  Dipping it in the soup was the best part.  The appetizer was a romaine salad with a smoked tomato dressing and various shaved veggies including carrots, radish and beets, topped off with some feta.  You definitely pick up the smoky flavor of the dressing, but the feta smooths it out and the salad portion was actually very generous.Then came the main course.  I chose the ribeye with beef jus, corn puree, and baby spinach.  My Mom went with the crab cakes with eggplant and tomato.  Not to brag, but my dish was the best.  The ribeye meat was so tender I could've cut it with a spoon.  The puree and jus were a perfect topping to a steak that literally tasted like butter in my mouth.  I had some of my Mom's crab cake too and it was very good, though even she agreed my ribeye dish was superior.  In addition to the main course, there was an add-on we chose to share.  It was a Vietnamese-style shrimp with green papaya.  We each had two pieces.  The spicyness of it caught us both by surprise, but not so spicy that it took away from the flavor or the enjoyment.  Finally for dessert we each got a Coconut Tres Leches cake with blackberries and a lime chocolate sauce.  Super moist cake and the sauce was excellent.  The coconut might've been a little watery, but otherwise a great way to cap off an epic meal.For drinks we did the wine pairing with the dinner.  We got a white wine for our first two courses, and a red for the last two.  I especially loved the Pinot Noir that we got with the main entree.  Smooth, rich, and paired perfectly with the ribeye.  In addition, I checked in on Yelp and that allowed my Mom to get a free glass of house wine to help her cap things off. Alright, the price.  Like I said, not cheap.  We're talking special occasion only.  Total for two four course meals (plus wine pairings), plus the shrimp add-on, tax, and tip was about $250.  My Mom was nice enough to split the bill with me on this go-round.  And in all fairness, we went all out.  If you come here and just get the four course dinner, water, and no add-ons, you'll probably pay closer to $70/person.  That said, the add-on dish and wine pairings were totally worth it in my opinion.  Made the experience that much better.The staff is extremely friendly, accommodating, and professional and were very knowledgable about every product we were served right down to the vintage of the wines.  Here's another fun fact about this place.  They have the nicest restroom I've ever seen.  Seriously.  Ever.  Its immaculate and exquisitely decorated.  Nicer than any restroom at anyone's house I've been to.  My Mom even said as much.It would be hard to compare this place to Binkley's because its apples vs oranges.  But the quality of the food, first class service, and quasi-casual feel of Cafe Monarch is certainly comparable with Binkley's.  It's mainly just a difference in style and presentation.  But as I write this, Cafe Monarch is by far the best restaurant experience I've had in Scottsdale to date.
2	We were SO disappointed .. Tonight was our 40th & we were in Scottsdale & everyone recommended Cafe Monarch.. Tables too close.. A real"routine" .. Our amuse buche was  deposited.. No wine.. No sign of wine.. Its all a process & we are not into process for a foodie dinner. We left before any more process occurred..
5	We went here on a Wed night.  The menu is four courses, prix fixe.  The only choice to make was the main course.  A wine pairing is also offered.  Dinner was sublime--I don't know how else to describe it.  I loved the cold zucchini soup, the salad, the crab cakes and the dessert.  The wine was superbly paired and I was able to substitute white for the red--it was wonderful with the crab and it was also 109 in Phoenix.  Friends had the filet mignon --we exchanged bites--all was wonderful.  Dinner was $55 and wine $25--It was certainly very reasonable for the quality and the quantity. One more note--the restaurant is lovely --the surroundings are delightful and truly adds to the fact that you know after the first bite--that it is going to be a magical and wonderful evening.
5	What a WONDERFUL experience!Quaint, elegant ambiance. Excellent service and hospitality. Quality food. Beyond reasonable price! $55 for 4 courses, which included a  fillet on my recent visit. The entree portion alone would've come close in price at other venues! Only $25 for wine pairing, which comes close to 2.5 glasses (not counting the super generous Yelp check in offer of a free glass of house wine!), each of which was perfectly suited to match our course.I can't wait to go back! Putting this on my "top 5"! (And, it's going on the Steak Out list: Seriously, if there is a steak on the menu, I highly recommend at least someone at the table get it!)
5	I'm still licking my chops. The most phenomenal dining experience in years. The patio was so intense...romantic, warm, inviting. The food could be garbage and the atmosphere would make up for it. But the food is unreal!I can't recall a restaurant that hits all the important notes like this one. Everything about this place is geared to the experience. I found this by accident. We were staying at the Valley Ho. I'm still in mourning over the loss of Trader Vic's. Looking for something interesting, the decor jumped right out! What a pleasant surprise.What tells the tale as far as quality, is that I didn't have an upset stomach when I turned in for the night. And I wasn't hungry when I woke the next morning. I can't recall ever enjoying dinner as much as this one. I live 1500 miles away and will fly down just to have dinner. It's that good.
3	i am not sure what all the HYPE is about. the food is acceptable. the best part of the evening was our server Stephen. if you go off the menu and order cocktails it is extremely overpriced for what you are getting. with all the choices in the valley, this would not be more than a one time shot for the four of us that went
4	My Husband and I had a wonderfully romantic dinner at Cafe Monarch recently to celebrate my Birthday.  This gem is tucked away on a street in Old Town Scottsdale and is so cute and inviting from the moment you pull up to the parking lot.  Upon our arrival we were asked if we wanted to sit inside or outside.  Given it was over 100 degrees outside we were taken aback, but reassured that the outside patio was very cool (thanks to misters) and quite nice.  I'm so glad we did because it is so cute, romantic, and peaceful out on the patio, just the right setting for this lovely dinner.As many of said, the menu is pre-fixed and includes 4 courses.  When we went, I was so happy the everything on the menu looked good and met my taste.  We had some kind of bruchetta for appetizer, which was awesome.  It was a touch salty, but that did bring out the flavors of everything else.  The salad course was good as well... could have done without the frisee lettuce (personal preference), but LOVED the beets.  For our entree we both opted for the filet.  The sauce was to die for and the steak was cooked to perfection.  Again, the salt was very aggressive, but everything else was so tasty, we were able to overlook that.  For dessert we had a chocolate cake concoction that was quite good.Cafe Monarch is a unique restaurant and a must for any foodie.  The time and attention given at this restaurant is match by few others.  They even gave me a beautiful candle for my Birthday!  Can't wait to give Cafe Monarch another try for a special occasion in the future.
3	I remember when this place was quaint, hidden away and the chef would talk to you.... it was one of my favorites.  ...now they've expanded, and thr chef is nowhere to be found... too bad...
5	We were traveling to Scottsdale for the first time and discovered Cafe Monarch right here on Yelp! Based on other reviews we booked a reservation. It was absolutely fantastic. The dinners are a selection of entree from a four course meal. All four courses were amazing. From the steelhead pate, arugula salad, filet mignon, to the pastry dessert! First time I've cleaned my plate in years! :) We sat outside in the charming patio and had a fabulous time. The service and atmosphere were so nice! It is on the pricey side but well worth every penny spent. Highly recommend this excellent restaurant. It will not disappoint! As a bonus we received a complimentary glass of wine for booking the reservation on Yelp!
5	I'm worried I'm skewing my star profile by constantly rating restaurants I love, but I feel so much more motivated to review a place like this then some place mediocre.  I let them know that we were dining here for a recent engagement and WOW they did not disappoint.  We dined outside, and despite it being over 100 degrees it was not a shock to see most patrons dining outside.  The misters kept everything cool, and the garden atmosphere is both unique and romantic.  The fountain and the greenery add a special touch to a small street in Scottsdale.  The food was also fantastic and each course was fantastic.  They respected our food limitations but the meal was not lacking in any way.  We will definitely be back!  We loved Cafe Monarch, and hope others have the same experience!
1	Have you ever been to a fine dining and was asked to leave so that they can accommodate others waiting to be seated?Six of us went to dinner here. Food was great. Right after dessert, we were ask to give up our table.  In my 30 years of dining, I have never been ask of such question. Maybe we were all minority in a white "neighborhood" and we were ask to leave. We were not loud or anything. We were all having pleasant conversations with friends and exchanging family pictures. I would not come back here again.
5	Came here for a lunch party! All I can say is amazing! Everything from the ambiance, location, setting, service and food!! I'm from Cali and can't wait to come back to AZ to come again! You taste the freshness and quality in every bite!! I can't wait to come back for more!!I loved the sweet owner and her awesome son that made our experience unforgettable! If your in AZ and you don't come here you def missing out
5	Dinner in the garden at Cafe Monarch is worth flying in from anywhere! Perfect ambiance, perfect food and perfect service! Bravo!!
5	Came here because it was at the top of the yelp search. OMG what an awesome experience, had the three lunch course, and had to get two different types of cocktail, smoke and mirrors, and fig something. Delicious. We were a party of 5 and everybody was raving about ambience, service, food and drinks. Highly recommended
1	Why would I come to your place again. The first time is humiliating enough to be ask to leave right after dessert is served. I think your clarification was incorrect. As soon as dessert was cleared, we we were asked to leave. As I stated in 30 years of dining I never encountered such rudeness.  We  paid closed to $800 dollars for dinner. The other people didn't want to sit outside. What make you think we wanted to sit outside? There were Mosquitos outside!Please be nice. Don't treat us by the color of our skin! The world need more love and less hatred.
5	This was one of the best meals I've had in Scottsdale. The menu frequently changes based on what is seasonal. The wine pairings with the meal were amazing as well. A true culinary experience.
5	This is such a wonderful restaurant!  The patio is beautiful, the food is amazing. Every course was delicious. The wine pairings are very well thought out and unique.  One of the best restaurants in Scottsdale.
5	Wow. Very romantic terrace seating. The food was amazing. Go with the wine pairing. They have picked the perfect compliment to each course. The staff is very knowledgeable and attentive. If you are in the area this restaurant is a must.
5	...
5	Amazing dinner here!  If you are in Scottsdale you must visit.  I am a vegetarian and typically am not enthused by the vegetarian options at most restaurants, particularly for the entree.....however, Cafe Monarch had phenomenal vegetarian options!  I visited this past week and they had an amazing butternut squash soup, excellent salad and then for me the best part was one of the best entrees I've ever had! Polenta lasagna with portobello, spinach, tomato jam and delicious, fresh mozzarella....then when I didn't think it could get any better, the DESSERT was INCREDIBLE!!  Rum cake with salted caramel gelato....AWESOME.  Keep up the amazing work, Cafe Monarch! I hope to return to Scottsdale soon so I can visit again.
5	This dining experience brought us back to nights in Italy; truly a diamond in the rough experience. We were asked upon entering if we preferred to eat indoors or out -the indoors looked inviting and warm but as soon as we saw the tree and hanging light lined patio the choice was immediate (would not have been so much if the option had been outdoors overlooking the parking lot where some guests were seated). After being seated, our waitstaff was friendly and attentive, pointing out we could either opt for the paired wine option with our meals or choose from the wine/cocktail list which all four members of my party selected to do.  All selections, except the main course - which consisted of  meat, seafood or pasta -were pre-set and did not disappoint in the least although my friend's husband felt the butternut-squash ginger soup - with maple glazed prosciutto garnished with pumpkin seeds - was a bit on the sweet side.  This was followed by a locally produced arugula and beet salad with blue cheese and plum prior to our main courses. Our companions devoured their seafood selections and my husband and I our filet mignon, cooked to perfection medium-rare as ordered.  The meal was topped off by dark rum cake with toasted pecan butterscotch, just the right proportion.  We'd have liked to have been offered beverages to accompany dessert, however, once we asked our waiter for our choices they were promptly delivered although my first pot of tea was lukewarm and had to be replaced, with a reminder to bring a fresh cup.  Still, such an oversight did not detract from our overall enjoyment of the evening. If not for the rather high price of the evening, we'd be back sooner rather than later -- but we will definitely return.
5	We had a wonderful evening at cafe monarch on our first day in the Phoenix area.  We sat outside in the courtyard.  The weather was perfect, the atmosphere so peaceful and beautifully appointed with lights, candles and plants.   The food was just delicious; each course was superb.  We especially loved the scallop 'extra'; wholeheartedly recommend.   Too bad we live on the East coast!   Will highly recommend to anyone visiting (or lucky enough to live local)
4	The best way to describe this restaurant is a one man show, more like an artist in the kitchen with a friendly vibe and cozy interior. He literally was the host, server and chef. We enjoyed our visit and will definitely put it on our list of places to go to on our next visit to Scottsdale.
5	Wow! Just amazing
5	We had dinner here tonight for our Anniversary and I think it's my new favorite restaurant.  The atmosphere is one of the nicest we've seen in Phoenix - not the typical Scottsdale restaurant. We had a table in the courtyard and it was beautiful and intimate. The place is upscale but not pretentious.  Loved the food!  They have a 4 course meal and you have the option of a wine pairing, which we did.    This restaurant is a must try!
5	What?  A "good place for children", are you insane?  OK, not a good place for a children's birthday party, but a great place for your child who only wants to eat hot dogs.  My 7 yr old grandson became interested in cooking after watching Master Chef Junior.  The staff welcomed him and explained the ingredients in the dish, we tried to identify the different flavors and he was completely awestruck, declaring it a five star restaurant-- which we all agree with.  Chef Brandon came out and introduced himself, Scott's service was perfect -- attentive and helpful, and the food was simply fabulous.Carol S.
5	Cafe Monarch is so good that I feel like it deserves 10, not 5, stars. If only I could give them. Cafe Monarch is an intimate and romantic restaurant in Scottsdale. The ambiance is absolutely perfect - this is a perfect date night or event location - and the design is rather unique. The service is absolutely phenomenal in every way - our server, Brendan, was basically a mind-reader, and the sommelier (a member of the sommeliers guild, no less) definitely knew his stuff. The food was perfect, and I really mean that. It began with a sweet potato and pumpkin soup, which was savory and perfectly accented with a bit of cinnamon. The appetizer, a salad with blood orange and prosciutto, was possibly the best I have ever had in every sense. The filet mignon was, of course, transcendent - perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, and perfectly accented by an amazing sauce. The dessert, a rum cake, accented the end of the meal perfectly. Alcohol-wise, this place rocks. The wine was expertly paired and added to the meal significantly.  The cocktails were also excellent - I had the "Winter Wonderland," which mixed delicious mint and cranberry with herbs and other delicious tastes. Needless to say, this is possibly the best restaurant I have ever eaten at - and I've eaten at a lot.
3	The ambiance of Cafe Monarch is a 5 but we were really disappointed with the food.  I had the filet which by itself was flavorless.  The sauce was really good but it was necessary to mask the bland over cooked filet.  I ordered it medium rare and it was delivered medium well. My husband had the cannelloni and he said it was fair.  The cauliflower soup was good, salad fair and the dessert fantastic. We ordered the scallops and asked if that would be too much food. Our server said no and of course it was too much. Perhaps this was a bad night. The wait staff was attentive.
5	First off, just walking into this place is like a fairy tale. Quaint, garden like setting it's perfect for a romantic evening. We ate outside on the terrace which was like a dream. I have a gluten allergy and they catered to this well. Our courses were cauliflower soup, salad, filet mignon and a gelato dessert...all exceptional! Also, the service was immpecable, just outstanding. I will also say even though my husband did not wear a jacket, the majority of men were. Their prices were very reasonable for quality and if I wasn't pregnant, the wine pairing sounded delicious.
3	This is strictly a review based off the lunch menu....Went here for lunch on a Tuesday and it wasn't overly busy, but lunch service took an hour and a half!! The best part of lunch was the tomato soup with mini grilled cheese bite. Based off the recommendation of the waiter, I ordered the surf & turf tacos. These tacos were something a preschooler could throw together. Save yourself from disappointment and order the roasted beef tips...SOOO good! I had major food envy, but it is my own fault for listening to someone else's recommendation. Seriously, I don't understand why those tacos are even on the menu. Maybe our waiter forgot to put in our order and they had to throw it together in 3 seconds? I don't know but for such great reviews I left hungry and mad. At least they discounted our check for taking so long...
