5	Blake's is located inside the Parisian Spa so it was a little difficult to find. That is my ONLY complaint.This was the very best massage I have ever had. Blake is so nice and I felt like a new woman when I left. He really took the time to explain what he was doing.  After the massage I enjoyed a sauna and Shower. The facilities were beautiful and spotless, and Blake was a real pro. I will defiantly be back!!!!
5	so i heard about blake thru a friend and i thought what the heck, i would give it a whirl....now as a citizen athlete and wanna be cowboy i have had plenty of massages thru the years, but, it always seemed like money out the window...well...i think i have finally found a guy who makes it all it should be....we started the session by talking about my constant challenges with lower back pain....i explained to blake about my lifestyle and discovered that he too had played football and was an actual cowboy from texas...well, from that point on it only got better...he took the time to explain to me  what he proposed to do and then got on with it....after he finished up i felt like a new man...i gotta tell you for the first time in my life i felt that i got my money's worth from a massage therapist....i would highly recommend blake to all you citizen athletes out there and if you ride a horse....well...get on it and ride on in to blake's....i guarantee you will not be disappointed!!!! looking forward to my next session and continued improvement with blake's treatments....
5	I had a living social deal for an hour massage for this place. I was very very pleased with my experience.  I get a massage twice a month on average and I have only found two massage therapists who measure up to my standards in my eight years of living in Vegas. Unfortunately those two have moved on to other things and so I have been on the hunt for my next go-to masseuse for the last year or so. Who would have thought I'd find him through a living social deal? I was a bit hesitant at first since there were only two reviews for Blake on Yelp (I'm an avid Yelper) but the pain in my legs made the decision for me. I have plantar fascitis and chronic leg pain. I work on my feet all day so an effective massage is crucial to helping me keep my job. Blake took care of all the problematic areas. I had pain in areas that I didn't know existed and he found a lot of knots and swollen muscles and worked on them as well. He's very proffesional, courteous and knowledgeable.  He even gave me tips on breathing techniques and proper posture. And the stretches he gave me were awesome.  Anybody who has done yoga will certainly appreciate them. I highly recommend this guy.
5	I'm in a lot of pain today.... That's a good thing! I took a chance and let a guy give me a massage. Blake's technic was the best I've ever experience. He was able to find major problematic areas all over my body that I didn't know were causing me problems. I felt like I was going thru a physical therapy session rather than a massage. He confirmed my body is a hot mess right now. I haven't been able to sleep thru the night for quite some time. Last night was my first time to sleep until my alarm went off this morning. :) I learned a lot about proper breathing and stretching to help my body process stress.I'll be back next week to continue treatment because I'm excited about taking time out of my life to take care of me for a change.Thanks Blake!
5	This was by far the best massage I have ever had. I have not even left the parking lot of the spa .. I had to write this review first. Blake's massage was THAT GOOD! He knew how to massage every knot and sore spot in my back, legs and shoulders. I will be back without a doubt.
