5	I got a new phone so had to go to the Sprint store to switch out my phones and switch my son's phone with my old phone, the customer service rep Aaron who helped us was great! Did everything I asked and even answered some questions I had! I can tell you I have never had a bad experience at Sprint! Regardless of what store I am at! It's just great to have a cell phone service provider with great customer service! I love Sprint!
1	Worst Store ever !!!!! I went there to upgrade my son's phone for an iphone 5c priced at $29.99 ..everything was fine..then i learnt couples hours later that the iphone5c was listed at 97cts at Walmart /Target ..Well good deal .i went back the DAY AFTER to returned the iphone 5c ..that was the worse mistake i made !!!!!! I spent 2 hours in the store just to return and cancel my purchase : Let me explain .So i went back there the day after  - I talked to Andrew and asked him to refund and cancel my purchase ( 14 days return policy with no charges ) . This guy didn't have any clue and how to do it ..then he asked his colleagues ....sure thing , thought everything was fine went back home and i discovered that my line was deactivated my son's line was deactivated ...............i was PISSED , these guys didn't  have any clue on what there were doing ! I went back to the store and told them that i wasn't able to use my phone and my son's phone ..they did something and finally they said they fixed it !!! HELL NO ..they switched my phone number to my son's phone ..how the heck they did that!!!! Really SPRINT store itself ..Anyway long long short story they fixed my son's phone but they screwed my phone and they told to erase everything and restore it ..and THEN if it's not working then go to APPLE store Are you kidding me ..SPRINT /Andrew the associate ..you break you fix it !!! Be aware of this shop ..just my 0.2 cts
1	Today I was looking for a new phone.  Getting a new phone and plan is already a headache as there are so many hidden fees in plans. Claudia roman was my retail representative and she was extremely condescending and rude. Sprint already has terrible service, they don't have the luxury to be ass holes, especially when you say your considering a new carrier.
