3	Located at the Waterfront shopping area near Fashion Square, this location is large and well-stocked. You don't have to climb any stairs as you do at many of their other locations, but they don't carry all the home furnishings either. Their clothing selection seems to be comparable to other UO stores though, so if that's what you're after you can find it here. They also carry some books and nicknacks if you're into that. The problem with UO is that they expect you to be super-skinny if you're a guy. I'm not, and a lot of it doesn't look right on me. Occasionally though, I can find something really awesome here. They also expect you to layer a lot if you're a girl meaning it can get pretty expensive. The majority of their clothing is quite pricey anyway considering the demographic... so when you have to buy several pieces to layer just for one outfit, it can stress out the wallet.It's a great store for wealthy and hip high school and college kids... other than that it's just a good store to browse.
5	I'm giving this Urban a perfect rating, for it never fails that when I walk through its doors, I always find something I want (or could) buy - even if it's a gift for somebody else, like my younger sister or best bud in Detroit. I even found one of my favorite sweaters here on clearance for $20. I think this Urban has a better selection for women than the one in Tempe, so if I had my choice, I'd come here to browse and buy. Plus, it's within walking distance of Scottsdale Fashion Park, Borders and Olive & Ivy (the perfect spot for brunch/lunch).
4	I love all things Urban....Nuff said. One point of interest, this Urban's Men section is much smaller than the one in Tempe, I prefer the Tempe one for selection, but this one for customer service and a mellow shopping experience. Overall the Tempe store is very busy with ASU students, and can be somewhat irritating. Either way you can't loose at URBN. With a great selection of lower priced, core items, and a mix of cool designer stuff, throw shoes and accessories into that, and you have yourself a nice medley of coolness. A Stew of Coolness...I should say.
5	The first thing I do when I walk into UO is go straight to the back.  AMAZING sales and cool stuff on sale - not just rejected stuff!I agree - the women's selection here is better than Tempe and (I can't believe I am saying this) I actually prefer to go to the Scottsdale location.Yes, the college kids can be irritating!  I always wear my headphones just so I don't use some strange bobble-head I find at UO to knock someone out!  "Like OH MY GOD Brittany, did you SEE anything in a size zero?"
5	A true drunk shopping paradise! So many hats and accessories to try on and be all super model-like. After many buckets of beers, many shots of tequilla and my trying to set the plants inside on fire (they should not leave all of those matches within the reach of drunken people) next door at Pink Taco, Forest, Brian and I made our way over to UO. As Forest and I gleefully tried on hats and took pictures of each other Brian quickly moved away from us...we kept trying to put hats on his head and take his picture. No bueno! We made Forest buy yet another winter coat. Buying winter coats (even if you live in Scottsdale) seems like such a great idea when you are drunk. Buying fuschia leather hot pants also seems like a good idea when you are drunk, but that's another story.
5	One of the few places where I can justify splurging a hefty chunk of my paycheck. Besides what they usually have on display, their sales rack is also really impressive. I picked up two shirts, a pair of jeans, a vest, and a sweater all for around $70. Another element that really makes this store is their accessory offerings. Lomo cameras, USB turntables, Mighty Muggs, Chuck Klosterman books, etc.. As far as shopping goes, you'll definitely find this spot to be a breath of fresh air when it comes to Scottsdale Mall or Oldtown. It seems like this place has figured out a way to capitalize on hipster culture and managed to not make it as cheesy as expected.
5	i love this place. i can always spent all my money here on something.  they have great sales racks, but also reasonable clothes not on sale too. the atmosphere is always chill and the people working are super friendly. Also if you get bored of shopping for clothes, they have random stuff like board games and books you can buy.
5	I Heart UO!!! I wish there was one closer to me though, but I will make the drive. I always get gift card from friends and family because they all know I'm obsessed! This is my go to place for basic tees because they have a longer looser fit and they are incredibly soft and has that worn in feel. I practically live in their burnout raglan...I still regret not getting more because I can't seem to find them anymore. They have a lot of graphic tees that you can't find anywhere else. They have good quality purses and jewelry. It doesn't end there. They got a funny assortment of home goods and books. They sell lomo cameras, which are incredible by the way. Come Christmas time you'll find me here grabbing a bag full of ornaments and stocking stuffers :) The sale section in back is InSane...the prices are a steal. The staff always looks cute...makes me wish I could work there. Me and the retail industry just don't work. Been there, done that.
4	This UO is by far superior to the one on Mill Ave. Tempe.Much better selection, better organized, neater, better service.
5	Yes.. after all my years of drinking haterade in Urban Outfitters I finally found one that is worth my coveted 5 stars.  This place (like the rest of Scottsdale) is impeccably clean and well organized. The people are super friendly... there was a guy getting denim advice from one of the girls working the fitting rooms.. I have NEVER seen that happen in ANY U.O. I have been to.... more importantly she was giving sound and genuine advice about washes, fit and things to pair it with (or not) that he had in his fitting room. Moreover.... this place had tons of things in my size (which usually never happens since I have broad shoulders). I found a cute dress from kimchee blue for 30 bucks.... Happy Happy Happy.... might have to stop in here again before I bizzounce.
4	It's not 5-stars because I prefer the old school one on Mill Ave. versus this location. But this location always has great sales racks and keeps the store super clean and well stocked. You can park in the Nordstroms parking garage, and just walk out to this beautiful store or park underground at the Waterfront (although I think this takes longer). Obviously Urban Outfitters is awesome, so I don't even have to talk about the product.
4	Is there an age limit for those who shop at Urban? I hope not because it's too much fun to browse the store and I don't want another birthday to keep me from visiting. I have been a consistent shopper of Urban since my college days at U of A. At first, it was because the U of A campus only had limited stores for me to shop within walking distance of my dorm. Then they became the store with a strong variety of dresses and perfect gag gifts and off the beaten path knick knacks. When I finished college and moved to Phoenix, I would do the occasional visit if I was on Mille. But then when they opened up a store at the Waterfront, I was sold and came to the conclusion that I could still enter without feeling too old. Moving on the Urban, it's part of the Anthropologie chain so if you like the look of Anthro but can't quick make it to their prices, you can visit Urban where the clothing is similar but a bit trendier and cheaper. They have the best gag gifts out there including inappropriate ones sitting right next to the game you haven't played since you were eight. And since some of the shoppers are eight, then this is their haven. The clothes are funky and fun. You can go the traditional route or you can get as trendy as you want in just one visit. They have adorable shoes and accessories and I love the housing decorations they sell. Urban is a great store to visit when looking to make a whimsical purchase, find a deal on some clothes (they have awesome sales), purchase a trendy outfit or simply browse and waste some time when it's too hot to stand outside.
3	the quality has gone down since i started shopping there years ago. still some great finds! i love their apartment stuff, and the clearances are always fun!
4	Pretty cool store.I was on my way to the gym this weekend (aren't I always), and figured I needed some new clothes.When I walked in, I was a bit concerned because it looked like a women's clothing store. It wasn't apparent that men's clothing even existed.I carefully walked towards the back of the store and found the men's section only to be greeted by a gigantic sale rack! It was amazing. I picked up three pairs of jeans, and a killer cardigan for 65 bucks. Everything fit perfect.The girl who managed the fitting rooms was super friendly and absolutely adorable.And the chick who checked me out (at the cash register, you pervs), was prompt and neatly folded everything like it was respectable.Kudos Urban. Kudos.
4	Hipster Puppies Book.Tetris Socks.Douchebag employees.Yep, its an Urban Outfitters, but it is still a fun place to kill time.
4	Urban Outfitters is a pretty cool place to pick up some new threads.  The staff at this particular location is great.  They smiled, made eye contact, offered to help me without being annoying.  The gal in the fitting room was uber friendly and willing to offer an honest opinion on the fit and style of different items.  They offer a wide variety of casual to dressy items for women and men, shoes, accessories and some trinkets and do-dads.  I find that the sizes run a bit larger than many other places.  I like that because if I wear a smaller size, I must have lost weight...just admit it, you like that, too!The store is organized and easy to navigate.  The clearance section usually has some great stuff and the prices are reasonable to downright great.
5	Is there anything better than hitting up the sale section at UO at the right time??!?! I don't think so.This place is hipster heaven, and regardless of people's feelings this is not some BS store like Hot Topic.   They sell some pretty well constructed clothing and everything that's I've bought there has held up well.Buy one get one free BDG T-shirts are the absolute best.If you're hating on this place but haven't really tried it, don't.  It's worth the adventure.
3	THIS place is one of my favorite stores. IT would have a 5 if not for the awful, NO JOKE, awful service, that I get every time I go here. I could not tell the last time I was there to buy a little black dress I had actually saw on the UO website and just needed it for that night, who the UO employees were versus the customers. No kidding. No one greeted anyone it seemed that entered the premises. Hmmmmm last I checked we were living in a sucky economy and having a job was a good thing..am I right? I found the dress, or a few that I liked and the guy working the dressing room area was so into hitting on the girls trying on clothing that he wouldn't open the door or help when I needed a smaller dress size. Look dude, I do realize I am not 18 anymore but c'mon. Away I went with my lbd in tow. Goodbye I said. Thank you to me, I said. I certainly didn't get it from anyone working here. BUT I do love the products. The cute accessories and this is my go to date dress store. Maybe I'll drive further to the Tempe location next time.
4	As everyone else has said, this is a hipster mecca..if by hipster you're referring to people that love their fashion corporate. Sorry if I sound cynical? The clothing quality is sub par at best. They are catering to kids with rich parents-they can charge that much and get away with it. You're better off shopping online and paying the same price for well constructed "hipsteresque" clothing. Why did I give it 4 stars, you ask? The store is pretty well organized and clean. There's lots of cool things to look at, books to browse and sunglasses to try on. The music playing always puts me in the right mood to shop. I've never had a problem with customer service.The clearance section, if you go at the right time is amazing. Would I ever pay $40 for a t-shirt that has ironic holes in it? An additional $60 for acid wash jeans that should have been left in the 90's where they belong? Let's be honest. No. But $20 for pair of Kimchi Blue heels on clearance? Steal. Even better when they have a 50% off clearance special! I have a love/hate relationship with this store. I can't help but go in there..but I mainly stay to browse the clearance racks.
3	way over priced. dont really like the store because of the rude employees that give a look and act like they are better than everyone else. pretty big well organized stores. dressing rooms arent that nice, they are big rooms but they could be nicer inside. sale section is where it's at if you dont want to spend 50$ on a pair of shorts or only one dress. the company doesnt support gay rights so that does make me not want to shop here. went here today and employees never asked if i needed help or asked if i was looking for anything, also the girl who checked me out was very rude and didnt speak a word to me.
3	This Urban is OK. I don't get why they moved up one store... maybe for more visibility from Camelback? I don't like it as much as the old Urban when it was next door to sauce. That one seemed bigger and the sections were clearly defined. This one seems cramped and I'm not sure where things are anymore. Also, their sale section seemed super lacking the past couple of times I went.Clothes are always good, but I like shopping online and returning in store for the most efficient experience!
