5	I'm not a big fan of Mesa, however, because of work, I'm there often. I was racing back toward Phoenix/Scottsdale where I could get some late lunch when I saw a young girl holding a sign which read "Large Pizza $3.99.I stopped in, thinking "what do I have to lose", expecting the worst, and hoping for something just edible. I really was blown away by the pizza, the place is super clean and nice (not what I expected for those prices).  I consider myself a pizza snob, having traveled as much as I have, lived in Southern Italy where the pizza is REALLY good.I now find myself eating at Robby Bobby's 4 or 5 times per week, so far I've had their burgers, subs, and lasagna, no complaints here.These guys keep surprising me. Yesterday I saw something there that I NEVER expected, Greek fries. Are you kidding me? They had Greek fries, I was in Greece 2 months ago. I ordered some, they were awesome!!I understand this place just recently opened, and I sincerely wish you guys at Robby Bobby's the best. You guys have a good thing going, good food, nice people, and a really nice looking establishment, probably the nicest, and cleanest restaurant in the area.Keep up the good work, and i wish you all the best.Good Luck!!!
5	I moved to phoenix from southern cali in 94 and since have been looking for a good pastrami burger! I'm glad I have finally found it in Robby Bobby's "Colossal" burger. This is what mesa has always been missing. A pizza / burger / sandwich / chili dog place that delivers!!! Thank you Robby Bobby's I'll continue to be a weekly customer!!
5	Colassal burger, zorba's pizza, and the gyro.... All AMAZING!!! I want to try other stuff but I know these are Amazing!
5	I have eaten here several times. Love it! Very affordable, great food. I love their crispy bacon on their pizza.
5	The best place to eat in Mesa, The food is fresh place is well decorated staff is friendly. The pizza is great beats anything out there and the price come on $3.99 for a Cheese pizza that's freshly made does not get any better than this. Robby Bobby's has become a Weekly eatery for me.
5	All I can say for Robby Bobby's is WOW! This place is a World of Wonder...so many choices, generous portions and great service. They have everything under the sun! I shared a pesto alfredo pasta and margherita pizza, but some of the guys had huge burgers and gyros. A hush engulfed the table when the food arrived and I can tell you with this group, that means it's good eating! The pizza was so fresh out of the oven the cheese was just melting off the pizza!The prices are great too! We will definitely be back...can't wait until next time! I am so happy we found this place!!
1	They definitely need to work on their customer service. We came here Friday night & awkwardly stood there for about 3min before someone said can I help you. (Note there was about 5 employees present) We proceeded to place our order w/ a hispanic chubby girl who obviously had a stick up her ass. Then we got our Pizza & wings & she had the nerve to say "have a good night." Uhhh...we were eating in. We had to ask for our own plates. No one ever asked if we were doing okay, even though we needed forks for our boneless wings. We ate a bit & were super annoyed so we left.The pizza was nothing to rave about. I'd compare it to Little Cesars but more greasy & thinner. Their boneless wings were blah. I will not be coming back or  recommending this place to anyone. FYI: I'd recommended Big Boys Pizza for awesome pizza & great customer service.
5	Another trip down to the valley and another taste of Robby Bobby's! But wait, something's changed...OH YEAH! They now have a FULL BAR and Monday/Thursday karaoke. Great drink specials too! Pretty sure we closed the place down!
5	Me and my boyfriend go here when we are lazy and don't want to cook! They have great wings and pizza...I think the restuarant is pretty nifty looking and they just opened a bar which I want to totally check out! I read the other reviews and I think the staff is nice but that is my opinion! But u aren't there for them but for their great food delicious! Plus its a good price!
1	Hate to give a bad review but I also hate to spend money on food that immediately goes into the garbage can. I ordered the food for delivery. When I asked the man on the other line taking my order what the difference between the regular fries and the Greek fries was he replied "The Greek fries have greek stuff on them".   I wasn't sure if he meant gyro meat or cucumber yogurt. It was neither. When the food arrived it was an hour and a half later ( I was told 45 min max ).   The chicken on the sandwich was fried although the menu said it was grilled and the bun was burned so badly! The fries were cold and soggy and topped with what looked like a white cheese and oregano. I honestly have to say that it was the worst. There is not one good thing I could say about my experience with any of it.
1	Customer service, horrible. My biggest factor and they bombed. No welcome and I had to practically beg them for attention. I felt like an inconvenience to spend my money there. The 3.99 turned into 5.73, lots of tax but whatev. I waited for the pizza to finish this. NOT impressed. The box was huge for the size of the pizza, it was a comical we got screwed feeling. Taste: I would agree with the little ceasers comment. Prettt darn close, the pizza and crust was not homeade as you would expect for a mom and pop. One slice had NO SAUCE on half of it. The little sauce that was on the pizza was actually good and similar to "Crust" in north scottsdale but there was so little on the entire pie,im probably reaching for something good to say about it. Peperoni was spicy and good, cheese quality was average nothing special. Over all. Ill go to little ceasers and petet piper and be happier. Good drunk food though I imagine. aparently their most impressive dish is a colossal burger that has pastrami on it. Not sure if I would go back to try it. So far 1 star
1	I wrote a review and "Chuck A." (who is infatuated with aliens) and also claims to not work there yet all his photos are of Robby slobby bobby pizza has been harrasing me since. The place is low class and obviously all 5 star reviews are from relatives. I bet if they took ebt they would make it but I have a feeling they will go under this year.pm me if you want a screen shot of his harrasment emailed to you.  :o)oh, here's chucky! http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=b70f80QHL4KJNOeg8s0Q2g
3	This joint's pizza tastes EXACTLY like Pizza Hut pan pizzas.  I ordered it and gave my wife the leftovers.  When I asked her where she thought it was from she said Pizza Hut and didn't believe me when I told her it wasn't.  Greasy as hell, but a decent cheap pie.The suicide wings are a joke, not hot at all.  Maybe they mixed up my order and gave me the mild.  Wings tasted ok, not great.
3	Not wanting to go out, but wanting something new I decided to give this place a chance and ordered a meal delivery. The food arrived on the short side of the delivery envelope they gave, and the delivery guy was friendly. But.. The food was mediocre. I ordered the Colossal burger (Medium Rare), some Greek Fries, and some boneless chicken wings. The burger was well done, and the wings were a bit dried. I wasn't a fan of greek fries, but I wouldn't hold that against them because I'd never tried them before and I suspect it's more of a "me" thing than them. I probably wont be ordering again from them, but I would wave someone off if they were headed that way.
1	What a shithole!!!  If I could award zero stars this place would get it.Went there with three friends for lunch.  I specifically went to try their "Reuben" pizza since I had one in Philly that was outstanding (Pizza Rustica Philadelphia,PA - THE BEST PIZZA ON THE PLANET!).  First off when we arrive the place is empty and filthy.  I let the others order first since I already know what I want.  One orders a Philly Cheese Steak, the other two order individual pizzas (one cheese, one veggie).  I order my pizza.  I am then told "we don't do Reuben Pizza's anymore".  It is on the website menu and on the printed menu.  So I order nothing!The drinks are dispensed and placed on the counter.  No word from the idiot behind the counter that we have to come up and pick up our drinks.  Just set them on the counter and turn your back.  the same with the food set it on the counter and expect you to know that you have to come and pick it up.I did taste all of their food.  It was all crap.  The Philly Steak had some kind of cubed beef, raw onions and peppers and a slice of some kind of white gooey "cheese-like-substance".  The cheese pizza was edible (barely) the veggie pizza dough was not cooked through (still doughy).  Both pizza's tasted like a low quality frozen (not even De Giorno quality).I am sure this place will be out of business soon unless somehow the drunks in the bar keep it going.
4	Very good Pizza and above average wings. The pizza is great - perfectly crisp, yet chewy crust with gooey mozzarella cheese. The wings were pretty good too, I ordered Habanero Mango, the sauce was awesome but the wings were a tad dry. This pizza place is great and the delivered pizza was well preserved and not cold and soggy like many other delivery places. I will definitely be ordering from this place again.
3	Had this pizza again and it was only so-so this time. The consistency of the food's quality may be an issue here, but the delivery was timely and the service was still excellent, so I'd rate this place as average.
1	I never got as far as placing an order from them. I felt as though I was in that Monty Python cheese shop sketch, after the first three things I order the guy on the phone tells me they don't make anymore. He proceeds to tell me that I was ordering from the "old old" menu, which is funny because it's the menu on their website I went to 5 minutes before calling. I let him go do whatever else he had to do after that before I started to ask:Stilton? Emmenthal? Gruyere? Any Norwegian Jarlsberg, per chance?Advice: please update your website!
1	I was really looking forward to checking them out. We went to their website, looked at their menu, decided what we wanted to order......  Then we got told not a single one of the 3 items we tried to order were on the menu anymore.  We were then told that their menu online was old and outdated.  Sadly they lost my business tonight.
1	Kaput. Closed.  Well that one didn't last long either.
