4	Very nice little joint. Coffee tastes good. They have a few interesting specialties - like today i had a Red Eye. (Cup of coffee with 2x Espresso in it.)Priced very fair, has Wi-Fi, few tables inside and a friendly owner lady. Quite nice homely privately owned joint."I like"Eugene
5	I bought a large coffee here recently, and the owner said the coffee was not fresh enough. She brewed a new pot, gave me 2 large coffees for free, and they were great! Nice ambiance, and great location. Free wi-fi too.Definitely worth a try if you are in the neighborhood.
4	I've been going to Lilo's since it first opened late in 2007. This place is great. The prices are very reasonable. The owner, Amy and her staff are just awesome and friendly people. The coffee and tea are always great. It's a great little neighborhood place and a welcome escape from the millions of Starbucks in the area. Amy and her staff are always very accomodating. One day I asked for lemon in my iced tea and they didn't have any, but the next day they had lemon slices waiting. They will usual try and accomdate your request.
3	After driving around the strip mall, I finally found this cute little coffee shop and settled in to do some work.  Thanks to Eugene T., I knew I would be interested in the Red Eye to get over my mid afternoon slump.  There are a lot of knickknacks here.....which created a homely, coffee shop atmosphere.  Staff were friendly and seemed to know their regulars.  Unfortunately, they close early (at least during the week - 3 or 4pm?) and I had to be kicked out .....which was done subtly through pulling the sign board in and shutting the blinds.  I would have preferred a "FYI we're closing in 10", but whatev, I'm the dummy that didn't read the hours before I walked in.It's possible I'd come back, since I am in the Ahwatukee area quite a bit and can't resist a coffee with a kick!
1	Closed, or at least never open,These guys have been closed due to a family illness for at least the last year.  The landlord hasn't seized the location, so somebody must be paying the rent, but with no customers it must either be a real cheap lease, or the owner is independently wealthy.
