5	When I tried to think of whether or not I wanted to give it 4 or 5 stars, I settled on 5.  Reason being, apartments NEVER get good reviews (and 9 times out of 10, they warrant the poor reviews), and I have absolutely 0 complaints about Desert Club.  Lived here just over 2 years, and have never had an issue.  The apartments are of high quality (granite, tile, large tubs, etc) and feel brand new and well taken care of.  Because of this, I've rarely ever had to put a maintenance request in and if I do, they always are quick to respond.The pool is very nice, often I feel I'm at a small resort when I'm laying there.  All they need is cocktail service and I'd be set!  The pool/jacuzzi/barbecues can get a little crazy on the weekends during the summer....but kinda in a good way if you are social and between 18-35.They are pet friendly and there are a lot of dogs in the complex, but being a dog lover myself....I have no problem with it!
4	I have lived at Desert Club apartments now for four months and feel I've had enough time to give my opinion on the place... The Good: Convenient location to everything in Scottsdale and highway access, gated community, the pool is never too busy and great for relaxing with nice chairs, very quiet community and I hear no noise inside my apartment (top floor though), feels safe, nicer finishes in kitchen with the tile floor and granite counter tops, quick maintenance response times, ample visitor parking in rear of complex, nice gym, staff is usually friendly and helpful. Unique floor plans with lots of cabinet space in the A2 floor plan. The Bad: Single entrance into complex can be annoying, grassy area's in between buildings smell like urine from all the pets, pool could use a cleaning more often (leaves and debris at the bottom) and there is constantly yellow caution tape around the hot tub (not sure what's that about), almost non-existent resident functions, efficiency of the AC in my 3rd story unit seems poor (the AC is always running), glass block window in A2 floor plan lets in a lot of heat (my apartment faces East and West), breezeways and stairs are sometimes littered and are dirty with accidents from pets. The kitchen has a spray/stream faucet which comes in handy a lot but there is no option to add a water filter. The water here isn't too great so I've had to resort to buying bottled water.Tips: Before moving in, make sure you get the code to the entrance gate if you are moving in early in the morning or on a weekend. We didn't have the gate code for the moving company and it caused a bit of nightmare. Also, for efficiency sake, I'd request a North or South facing apartment.  Summary: I looked at a LOT of places in Scottsdale for an apartment before settling at Desert Club and I would probably do it all over again if I had to. The minor items on the bad list, though there are several, aren't enough to outweigh the good of the place for me so I generally enjoy living here.  I almost chose Barossa across the street but opted for Desert Club because of the larger pool and the additional square footage in the one bedroom.
4	After writing my first review of Desert Club I received a nice response from management and they addressed some of my concerns. I am happy to report that they sent someone within one day to power wash the walkways and the grassy areas have been much more pleasant with the cooling of the seasons. Additionally, they swapped out my kitchen faucet for a brand new one so I could attach my water filter. No more lugging up cases of water three stories! Yay! They have also installed ceiling fans in the gym that keep it much more cool and replaced the belts on the treadmills. The ellipticals still make quite a bit of noise when you use them but that's nothing headphones can't fix. I still believe this is one of the best places in North Scottsdale and would recommend it.
1	Do not rent at at this place or at least do not rent the apartments over the garages.  They are poorly insulated if done at all and with the heat from the cars and being on the second floor, AC can go over $300 per month for a studio apartment!!  We complained to management, they didn't care at all or even acknowledge the issue.  Then they charged for 'carpet cleaning' on move out.  The apartment had WHITE CARPET.  This was totally bogus, it was the same condition as when we moved in, nothing out of ordinary.  Only stayed one lease period, could not afford the excessive AC charges.
3	If you're looking for an overpriced complex where you can hear everyone outside from inside your place or hear your neighbors through walls this place is for you. Maintenance is beyond awesome here, but management is a joke. They have now changed it to 60 day notice to move out, so if you need to leave for work or any other reason, plan on getting raped for about 4k to leave early. Everything is very well kept (trying to keep up with local competitors) but the windows have ZERO INSULATION so once again you will hear normal talking voices outside. Not to mention your electric bills will hit around $300 a month with your a/c set at 78 because of this. Last but not least they like to say they need to "routine inspect" pluming and so on, but that's managements way of saying, we don't trust our renters so we are coming in whether you like it or not.Don't let the looks fool you, look elsewhere
