5	These cheesesteaks are not only the best within 5 miles but I personally think that they are the best cheesesteaks I have had anywhere made by anyone!  Don't let the fact that it is in the Outpost Saloon fool you for one second:  THIS IS SOME OF THE BEST FOOD YOU WILL EARTH IN THE NORTHWEST.  I can only think of one or two restaurants that serve better food.  These guys apparently used to be a food truck, but decided it was too hot during the summer to cook cheesesteaks in a truck so now they are camping out in a bar.  I WOULD GIVE THESE GUYS 10 STARS IF I COULD.  The loaded vegas fries were amazing and its good to see a business who isn't afraid to but bacon and ranch on some fries.  Furthermore the Cheesesteak was delicious.  Moist on fluffy bread with just the right amount of cheese.  This place just opened up a couple of weeks ago so definitely go hit this up!
1	If i could give this no stars i would.  I had no chance to actually eat the food so this review is based completely on how my experience was with this company and the owner. According to their website :  http://www.vegascheesesteaks.com/Menu.aspxMinimum Delivery AmountThe minimum order amount for delivery is $15.Delivery AreaWe deliver within 5 miles.Delivery ChargeFor any delivery additional $2 as delivery charge.Sooo  you would think that would deliver within a 5 mile radius right ?WWWWWWWWRRRRRRRRROOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGGGGThey don't deliver.  The funny thing is why the heck would you have your website set up this way and allow the order to be delivered but not honor this... make any sense ??? PLUS ON TOP OF THAT !!!!   THE ORDER RECIEPT THEY GET PLAINLY SAYS  DELIVERY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ( see below ) Vegas Cheesesteaks & More contact@vegascheesesteaks.com to me show details 6:14 PM (1 hour ago) Vegas Cheesesteaks & More(Tel: 702-778-4608)2200 N. Rainbow Blvd., Las Vegas, Nevada 89108 (http://www.vegascheesesteaks.com)Order Type: Delivery [ ASAP ]Payment: PAIDSo instead of seeing their receipt , seeing the fact it says deliver    they charge my credit card and make the food......  They should have called me right then and there and said were sorry we dont deliver and we would have gone to pick it up... but NOOOO instead We waited 45 minutes ( they say on their site expect 30 to 45 minute wait depends on time of day ) then i called to find out the status and was notified they needed to caller the owner and he would call me back..... Owner calls me and gives me excuse after excuse as to why they cant \ dont deliver and doesnt even offer me a discount just basically tells me sorry for waiting for 45 minutes all we will do is give you a refund. I will not be going here because they are false advertising the fact they deliver and cannot accept plain excuses from an owner who obviously has no idea what they are doing.So now im out 45 minutes of my personal time , i could easily be enjoying some hot enjoyable cheesesteaks but now i never will and will tell every one i know to stay away from here.  The owner and this company does not deserve to be in business. PLAIN AND SIMPLE.P.S.  To the owner if you actually see these... take delivery off your website ... its called false advertising......
1	Still waiting on my so called Refund...  Called the owner no answer.  Left a message.  Has been 3 days no call back.   Called my bank , put in a request to fight the charge.  Now i have to wait 30 days for a refund.So this guy keeps my for 30 days and i dont get my food , nor even a SORRY.    This is B S !
4	In the interest of full disclosure, I've know Vegas CheeseSteak's proprietors Bruce & Brandie for a number of years, and nobody deserves their success more than these two.  Grilling in a food truck in 110 degree heat, before food trucks became haute cuisine, proves their mettle.  But also, full disclosure, I'm originally from Philadelphia, so I'm not going to roll over and pump up a mediocre cheesesteak either!B&B will be the first to tell ya, they aren't in the business of recreating a Philly cheesesteak.  Instead they're creating their own classic Vegas cheesesteaks, and there is a distinction, mostly in their bread and anything-goes attitude of putting meat & cheese on every stretch of the menu.  First, the roll - soft and buttery but surprisingly resilient to the mountain of greasy goodness packed within.  Stubbier than your normal submarine-length but with still plenty of room for a sizable sandwich, the super-hungry can double up on chopped chicken or steak for a reasonable up-charge.  (If you're hung up on the chewy crunchiness - or crunchy chewiness? - of traditional Philly Amoroso rolls, then just go to Pop's already and stop whining, then hit these guy's up when you're ready to break out of your cheesesteak cocoon.)  Veggies are cooked to perfection, grilled but not to death, further adding to the sandwich's mighty heft.  Not feeling a bun, try some cheesesteak nachos or cheesesteak fries -   any bar food you can think to "cheesesteak-ify", these guys already got it down.  The crown jewel of the 3-page menu is the $37.77 Sin City Cheesesteak Challenge.  Eat over 3 lbs of sandwich in 30 minutes and you get the meal gratis along with an induction into the "Cheesesteak Mafia".  I'm sticking with the "3-Of-A-Kind" (mushrooms/peppers/onions) and a side of fries, as tempting as all that sounds.  But if you miss the 6-lb B3 Burrito Challenge from the shuttered Sahara's NASCAR Cafe, this could be your new go-to gastro-test.The environs - the Outpost Saloon - can get a little noisy.  Video games, karaoke, poker tourneys, televised sports, video poker and overhead music have a tendency to do that, so be prepared for a boisterous blue-collar environment.
5	This is one of the perks of living in northwest las vegas, all of the hidden culinary gems, waiting for you to stumble upon.The cheesesteak sliders were spectacular, the steak was perfect tenderness, and the mild taste of garlic butter on the soft rolls it was served on was subtle, in perfect balance.  Sinful.  Having never had a cheesesteak wrap before, I was impressed by the addition of crisp lettuce,  tomato and mayo to the traditional grilled onion, mushrooms and steak. It was much lighter than on a roll.  Inventive and addictive.The wings were slightly crispy outside with tender chicken throughout, buffalo sauce, and honey bbq spot on. PerfectBruce took amazing care of us, the DJ at the bar was playing some cool mash-ups, nice crowd with a friendly diverse mix of patrons.I will be back next week and I have to try one of their cheesesteaks on a rollLet me finish by saying to Scott W, who gave this restaurant 1 star, that if your favorite restaurants are chains like subway and blueberry hill, and you rank mediocre mexican restaurants like mi tierra as 5 stars, yelp was not invented for a**clowns like you. GO EAT AT APPLEBEES
5	All I can say is AMAZING!!! I am two weeks late writing this review as with the holidays I didn't have time. My room mate and I went there after we went to the magical forest of lights after I found the yelp deal . Think it was 15 for 30? The only draw back I can think of it was kinda hard to find. We walked in thinking it was would have seating and be well marked as a place to eat. After a minute or two of looking around I asked the bar tender if I was in the right place. I think the woman's name was Dee-Dee? She sits in the corner with signs for Vegas Cheese steaks. I think we were blind since it wasn't what we thought it would be. We ordered a lot of food...We both couldn't decide on a burger or a Philly. So we were directed to the Philly burger. It was a burger with Philly cheese, mushroom and onions. We also got the fried mushrooms, cheese sticks and two kinds of fries. Cheese and I think it was pizza. Burgers... juicy, perfectly cooked. The veggies were done just the right amount without being soggy or crunchy. Over all one of the top three burgers I have ever eaten. Perfect if you can't make up your mind or just want something new and utterly yummy.Mushrooms... now I am a big fan of mushrooms. A kinda picky one at that. The order was huge! I would say at least half a pound of mushrooms probably more. All nice and golden brown and crunchy. The mushrooms themselves weren't soggy so you would tell they were fresh before they were breaded and fried. A must return for these alone!Cheese sticks.... again nice and golden brown and crunchy. Cheese was nice and stringy without being powdery tasting. Large cheese sticks as well. Not the rinky dink ones you get at fast good places or some restaurants.Fries.... we got the pizza fries and the cheese fries. We couldn't not try the pizza ones. Yummy pizza sauce and cheese. Only thing that would make it better would be adding little cubes of pepperoni to it. Still trying to figure out how the fries stayed crunchy under the sauce. The fries weren't thin cut or steak cut. Kinda in the middle. The cheese fries crunchy golden yumminess with fresh melted cheese. I liked that they used real cheese instead of nacho cheese. Bar tender... sadly I didn't get his name but he was super friendly and quick to make our drinks.Server/cook .. amazing. She helped us pick out what we wanted when we got the omg so many options glazed look. Quick friendly, but didn't hover when we were trying to talk to ourselves. Over all value ..amazing. For all the food we ordered it came up to $30.31.  Large portions. I can't wait to go back and try one of the Phillie's. They looked just as good as our burger. Which did heat back up nicely the next day. Had my doubts it would dry out but it didn't. So worth the drive to North Vegas from South Vegas.
1	So yesterday was my 2nd time attempting to go there and eat. But yesterday the restaurant was gone. The place was inside of another place. Ask the Bartender and he said they moved and dunno where they went. How lovely they moved without posting it on their web site and they don't like to answer the phone when people call to get more information. Waiting on yelp to refund my deal that I purchased from them.Grrr =T
