5	I can not express in words the relief I have in finding a reputable company for hvac after 18 years in living in the valley. A quality air not only answered my questions via phone ahead of time as best they could (something every other AC company will not do) they also not only fixed my issue with my main air handler drain being plugged quickly & efficiently but as well took care of a once over on my unit since another company (ace air) did shotty work at an excessively repulsive price ($1200 for a capacitor & fan motor, I was without AC for 10 days waiting for the part causing me to have a seizure from heat stroke and a bill to pay off for over a year, They refused to warranty their "work" if I wouldn't sign up for their service plan, which I wouldn't since I didn't ever want them stepping into my home again.As a single female alot of times we are left to feel like prey for the frenzied commision based vultures in the HVAC field & we are at their mercy 100% in blazing desert summers with animals & humans not able to sustain life without ac... Central Air settled the West. Let's make this industry honorable again. A quality air is not a step in the right direction but a HUGE LEAP in the right direction... I wish more companies could be reminded of what ethics are.Words are not enough to express my gratitude. Thank you so much A quality air.. truly.
5	My Air Conditioner (AC) stopped working last night and this morning I call this company because of the only review.  They do honor the $15 discount advertised on this site.  I was given a specified time (3-5 p.m.) and was called at 2:48 and was told that the technician will be at my home in 20-30 minutes.  Enrique showed up (within the time the office said he would) and introduced himself and then listen to what I had to say of the situation.  He went to investigate the problem and checked everything.  His analysis was spot on!  We were quoted a fair price for the faulty capacitor and then he promptly replaced the items.  During the repair service, Enrique gave me some advice on how to diagnosis problems in the future and fully explained how the system works!  After he replace the faulty part, Enrique checked the entire system from the unit to the air handler to the air flow in the vents.  Great customer service!  I would recommend this company to anybody.  In March of this year I had George Brazil come out to assess my AC units and they said they were in great shape, but when they assessed my AC units at my rental home they were able to tell the capacitor was going to break and it did.  George Brazil could tell one capacitor was going bad on one unit but not the other????? Then they try to sell you an annual service program and if something needs repair during that time, you still have to pay for repairs just at a discounted rate (big deal).   I will use this company to asses my HVAC units in the future.
5	Gave this company a shot this week in hopes that my A/C would get fixed. And sure enough, it did. But let me break down why I gave this company 5 staawws (stars). So I call and lovely Amber answered. Now I say lovely because she answered with such enthusiasm and a good introduction. She was pretty damn professional. If there was a sport for answering services, Amber would be on the top team and the leader of that shit. Good job Ambros! They were quick to schedule me in the next day and was able to get a confirmed window to expect a tech. On the day of my repair they even called to ask "is it OK for tech to come early?". Now in my head I'm like "fuck yeeuhh come early my damn balls is sweatin" but I can't say that cause I'm try a be a professional customer.So my technician came and introduced himself as Enrique.  Now Enrique didn't come to my home all Pisces that he had to work, didn't have a bad attitude or any nonsense like that. He was positive, friendly, and certainly a happy person. Let him know my issue and this dude went to grind mode. He looked at my thermostat and went and fixed a blown fuse. Here is what really made the other 4 stars. Enrique not only showed me a problem, showed me how I can fix it, showed me how things worked and stuck around to make sure it was Alaska in my home. I don't care if this job was easy to him or hard, he came correct. I really insisted on giving him tip but he assured me that he was fine and that it was his job to even be doing what he was doing. I was impressed. I would recommend requesting this godlike technician! I would break my own damn A/C just to have some 5 star service like this. Hell motha fuckin yeah!!!"It's fried rice you prick" -old ass Asian dude from lethal weapon 4
