5	Came here on day two of it opening - they're still building the terrace out the front, and they only have one beer on tap (because all beer sold must be brewed IN Verdun, due to the antiquated laws in this neighbourhood).The venue itself is amazing. The interior is tastefully done, with lots of wood, plenty of tables and seats, and hiiiiiiiiiigh ceilings. While the inside is great, the outside is better.The terrace out the back is large, and has lots of seats. There's a bunch of couches and tables down the side (which looks like they'll be enclosed in Winter), and the main section is a nice mix of sun and shade. The installed benches are great for fitting plenty of people in comfortably. This is going to be one of the best terraces in Montreal.The only beer they had was a blonde, and it was a good one - I expect more good beers to be available soon, given the quality you can get from Benelux's other Montreal venue (on Sherbrooke).This place was a easy 4 stars - even with only one beer on tap - but being the only real pub/bar in Verdun gets them a bonus star!
3	Nice little spot and a great way to open the door for bars in Verdun. The bar was a little difficult to find as it looks like the BMO bank that once housed this space, and in fact, the bank of ATMs are still available for use during business hours. As such, I walked by it twice before I finally double check the address and looked up to see the barely visible Benelux sign. The space inside is really nice. There is a second floor of seating and a large window overlooking the brewing stations in the basement. I'm really fond of the interior and layout.
2	Woody Allen once joked that he made a five o'clock reservation for the Copacabana nightclub. He took a date there and watched them set up.That is kind of how I felt visiting the Verdun-based Benelux this past weekend. This bar has a ton of indoor seating and a somewhat industrial, stainless steel ambiance that works well for a brewpub, while the outside terrace was pleasantly packed for a sunny Saturday afternoon, but still large enough to accommodate two bubbly people strolling in.Unfortunately, the home-brewed beer was a lot less effervescent than its patrons. Each of the five beers in their sampler was flat and under carbonated. The flavors were there, and for the most part showed potential, but the beers were just too watery to be truly enjoyed. Given they only opened this month, it's not surprising that they may have rushed into action and gotten a bit ahead of themselves to get a nice variety of beers on the menu, but what we drank was not quite ready for prime time. I found that a bit disappointing, as they could have waited to launch until everything was ready, especially since they have the monopoly on bars in this area, with no imminent competition on the horizon. But rushing things this way, and even opening up with only one beer on tap and their terrace incomplete as another review indicated some days earlier, seems a bit greedy. It conveys they are in it for the money and not about bringing tasty, unique beers to light.   While the beers we sampled were imperfect, their stout did offer subtle coffee flavors that I did enjoy, while their Munich-style amber ale was equally promising. I would, however, pass on their American Pale Ale that had pungent floral notes the next time, as well as their Hefeweizen that lacked some of the the traditional clove and fruity esters I am more accustomed to when drinking this style of beer.That being said, Benelux is backed with lots of brewing experience, and their brewpub on Sherbrooke West has never missed the mark and does seem to care about the product they sell, so I really hope they'll work out the bugs and focus on their product, and become the toast of Verdun because of the beers they have to offer and not because they are the new kid on the block, and one of the only bars in this area.
3	Test
4	I am not a beer-gal, if you want to know about good micro-brews, rare beers, good stuff vs. bad stuff, ask someone else because when it comes to beer, I'm pretty clueless. It's just one of those tastes I never really acquired.However, having said that, I had to come and check out Benelux, the first micro-brasserie/bar to have opened up in (normally dry) Verdun in something like 80 years and I wasn't disappointed. They did a wonderful job with the  back terrasse, with a controlled open pit fire, chairs and tables on fine pebbles, a side area with outdoor heaters along the building to keep you warm on those spring or fall chilly nights, a very friendly waiting staff, industrial washrooms (the building was once a Bank of Montreal) where some of the old vaults can be seen. I also have to give them points for keeping the old, giant tree in the back. It really is reminiscent of the beer gardens of Munich in that regard.I did try the Regina, a white beer and I was impressed.  Haven't tried their food yet but the menu highlighted paninis, chips and the like. A very unpretentious, chill crowd, great tunes on the sound system, from bands like The Pixies, I'm so happy Verdun has scored such a great hang-out.
4	So wonderful to have brew pub in Verdun. The pub is in a nice old building that used to belong to Bank of Canada. Today the vault is used to store precious liquid..... Perfect garden in the back yard to sit and enjoy good beer!
4	Interesting selection of beer and great patio! Had the Edna (Munich lager) and the melrose (honey).  Thanks to Mother Nature we got to try the patio mid-October, with some help from the fire pit.  Can't wait to come back in the summer.
5	Tres belle place!  Manque qqll chaise ..mais tres bien et c est a Verdun et non downtown .. us de place pour stationnement
4	At first we thought it was closed since we couldn't see anything through the double door entry. Fortunately it was open as it is the only bar in the area. It was very dim in a classic lounge decor mixed into a new school lunchroom feel. Great sitting both indoor and out. $7 pints were tasty but the service was meh. No one came to our table until after we waiting 20 minutes and ordered our first round from the bar. Kitchen was open at 1 am, mostly panini and sides, had a bite if my friends and it was quite tasty. Would definitely go back if I were in the area, preferably to take over the outdoor terrace.
1	Benelux has been there for about a year now, apparently they have some growing pains to deal with. Ordered a Tex Mex Chesseburger, when i think of tex mex, i think of monterrey jack cheese, maybe some salsa in there, hot peppers, etc. I got a burger on cold bread with processed cheese (which i would not have noticed had it been melted), and the bottom bread was lined with mushrooms, it had a sauce what appeared to be Kraft Hamburger spread. I called over the server, to ask if she had made a mistake, but no, this was a Tex Mex burger. For real!?...Sorry Benelux...this doesnt even come close. The menu does not list their ingredients in their dishes.. I despise mushrooms, and certainly would have opted for something else. The server promptly took away my "Tex Mex" burger and brought me a menu. I chose a euro sandwich with veal sausage. I asked the server exactly what was in it, veal sausage on a ciabatta with dijon. Plate arrives, there is a pound of vinegar laden saurkraut on top, another dish i do not care for at all. Both dishes came with a side of miss Vickies chips....which would have been alright had the main dish not been a total letdown.Benelux seriously needs to put ingredients in their menu, at least for the folks who suffer from food allergies. As the prices are middle of the road, the food itself is below what one expect. With the plethora of great restaurants in Verdun, one could certainly make a better choice.
4	Although Benelux has been open for about a year now, it was my first time at the micro-brewery. The pub features a selection of artisan beers and various meal options, among them a couple of vegetarian options. Upon entering my husband and I found most of the clients crammed up in the dimly lit alley terrasse, which was all for the better since we had almost all the pub to ourselves. The venue consists of a simple, casual and cozy lounge-type bar populated by friendly staff. The noise level on a Friday night was low and enjoyable. Overall it's a nice place to hangout. I will be frank; I am no beer connoisseur or fan, so I cannot provide an in-depth review of the finer notes of the beer. Since I am not a big beer fan, more drink options would be a nice addition. That being said, my husband enjoyed his old ale which was, I must admit, not too bad for a beer. I recommend Benelux for anyone who is looking for a relaxing evening with friends. The atmosphere is nice enough that I'd consider going back without ordering a drink. I believe that says it all.
3	I went there for.my birthday with a few of my friends. We loved the cool look of the place. We also really liked the awesome tasting of the 5 beers for only 10$ it's a.great way of tasting.all kinds of beers. The food was okay. It took a realllllllly long time for the waiter to come back to get our food orders. When he did,it was aftet 8 and we couldn't have the before 8 deal. He said that he would check with the manager and NEVER came.back . I bad to go get him for him to tell me the same thing he 15minutes ago. Anyways after that whole thing we got our food and he brought me a.free beer for my bdAy. So I.forgave him. Overall good food,good beer and medium service
1	Benelux on Wellington frustrated me beyond words last night.After finishing a Zumba class across the street, a friend and I popped in here for  a quick drink and something small to eat.We walked in at 8pm and got seated. After 10 minutes of trying to get the attention of the hostess to place our orders, she came over and said that she would be back. 15 minutes later (since arriving), I walked up to the bar asking if someone would serve us. The same hostess barely glanced at me, and then told her co-worker to attend to our table. She didn't say a word to me or acknowledge the fact that they have been ignoring our table and ignoring me standing right there in front of her.By the 20 minute mark, we put our coats on not interested in begging for service. There are tons of other places to go to on Wellington. As we walked away from our table, the co-worker asked us what drinks we wanted and we said that having to wait over 20 minutes and repeatedly asking for service wasn't really acceptable so we were going to leave. The answer we got in return? "Ok.." and he walked away.This is definitely not a way to treat potential customers. I'm *never* going to set foot in a Benelux again - there really are about a million other places in the city to go to where you'll find great service and a better atmosphere.To whoever is running this joint, please train your employees to not just do their jobs, but to be courteous and apologetic when they mess up.I'd give them a 0 if I could........Don't waste your money here...
