4	Brand new!!! Where Bronco Billys uses to be. My dad loves Nicks, and is super excited!! I've never been before, but will be back. Remember, they just opened. Have some patience.
2	Wife and I went for a late breakfast a few weeks ago. Found out they are opening a second location. Went to the Nick's Diner 2 location.  OK so what happened to flavor? Bland..(all 3 entrees) server was totally clueless. Flavorless, clueless service and thats the whole story.
1	My wife wanted to go there after church because it was close to the house.... The service as well as the food was mediocre at best.... So many better places  to go in Surprise... Rio Mirage Cafe on Litchfield is my Favorite...
4	This is a favorite lunch break spot for my co-workers and I, because the menu is so diverse. You can get Greek, Italian, traditional American, and just plain 'ol breakfast foods all at the same place. How do I know this already? Strangely, they have another location on Reems and Greenway, while this "Diner II" is a 5 minute drive away at Litchfield and Waddell! The staff is so friendly here! It's like being greeted on the show Cheers whenever we come in. They know that I always order Greek chicken kabobs with a side order of the chicken lemon rice soup. If you are ever ill or someone you love is ill, get a bowl of their chicken lemon rice soup, and trust me, you'll feel better! It's seriously must be what the Chicken Soup for the Soul book must be based on (well, aside from the typical "Aw" feel good stories).The gyros are ginormous! I just wish that the feta cheese on the side wasn't extra, because gyros don't seem to be gyros without the cheese! My friend, Kerry M., loves the fact that breakfast is served all day. She's had the biscuits and gravy dish and the hash browns which she said were delicious!I will continue to go to Nicks Diner I and II, because I enjoy their food, their company, and I love to support local restaurants. There are no bells and whistles, like swanky walls or posh decor (in fact, this location is super green... not kidding... walls, booths, tables...) This place is all about just comfort food for laid back people.
5	My new fav restaurant. Quality fresh ingredients. Homemade tasting food. HUGE portions at a very good price! Servers are exceptional. I highly recommend you to give them a try. They even have a loyalty card they stamp at every visit. Free pie/rice pudding/bread pudding during week at dinner.
3	Clean interior, Friendly Staff.I ordered a breakfast sandwich and that brught with it a side of home fries.  It was all decent. I did expect more from both, the Denver Sandwich I expected to be more like a fried egg, sauteed veggies and melted cheese holding it all together, but it was all the ingredients cooked into an omlete patty.  The homefries seemed lacking creativity as well.  It may just be me, but when I think of dinner I think it should be more original and have a better flavor than Denny's or IHoP.  None of it was bad, but I expected different.I must say the potatoe pancakes my friend ordered were very tasty. When you order a side of oatmeal, They serve you a healthy portion, which I think is a major plus.I may just have to experience their greek food and update my review.
4	The wife & I have eaten at the original Nicks many times, especially for breakfast.  So, we were interested trying this new location.  We both had the rib dinner special.  The salad was plain, but very fresh, crisp, and large.  The ribs were delicious and extremely meaty.  Complimented with mashed potatoes and steamed vegetables.  The server was very attentive.  This location is larger than Nicks #1 and was not as crowded. Will certainly be back for more..
5	Tonight was our first time to Nick's Diner 2.  We live right around the corner so we had to try it.  Well...it was delish!  I had the special which was a chicken kabob, gyro meat, and rice.  There was enough food for 2 people with extra.  It came with soup, pita, onion, and ttomato.  You even got free pie too.  All for 10$.  Everything was hot and tasty.   Three of us ate for 38$, and that was with drinks, and bringing home leftovers for lunch or dinner tomorrow.  I would go back in a heartbeat.
4	Favorite place for breakfast
5	SOOOO good! biscuits and gravy are awesome, meat lovers skillet is delicious, (crunchy veggies amazing) love it here
5	My daughter and I had breakfast here his morning. Staff was warm and friendly! Food was really good and fresh. I had scrambled eggs with potatoes and asked if I could switch the toast that came with it for fruit and they were very accommodating. The strawberries that they gave me were delicious! My daughter had pancakes with bacon and said the pancakes were really good, like the ones I make at home! They were not too thin and not too dense. We loved this place and were very happy we didn't go to ihop! I wish I cold try some of their lunch items. The menu looked great! I would highly recommend this place!!
4	If you want a deal on breakfast: eggs, bacon, toast, etc. go Monday- Friday 7-11.  $5 for breakfast is not a bad deal.  Wish I would of known before I dropped $20 for a Nick's Omelet, a glass of OJ, and some pancakes and bacon.  I did proudly demolish both dishes and can say I am a fan of the Nick's omelet. I would go back for the omelet.  The potatoes were good and a nice filler with the plate.  I can say I was a fan of the pancakes, on the large side and will fill you up.  The bacon, I was hoping would be crispy, but more on the soggy side during my sampling.  If you are looking for a fresh, home style plate of breakfast this is my local joint.  Yes I could cook up most of the stuff, but it is nice to enjoy a melted cheese omelet with a nice mix of ingredients cooked by someone else sometimes :)Staff was friendly and I enjoyed my breakfast there.  I would most likely go again, by myself since I am the only fan of breakfast in my household :)  Thanks Nicks Diner for a great breakfast, nothing like breakfast like mom makes it.  Yes it did bring me back to breakfast when I was a kid...My mom used to cook breakfast like this all the time.  Ahh, memories.
5	Been living in Arizona for 20 years. My husband and I look forward to our weekly dining at our favorite restaurant. The eggplant is delicious and my husband enjoys the salmon. If we go early we enjoy happy hour with angel hair pasta deliciousSauce and pizza.  The food isn't that unhealthy fried stuff sitting in oil like other happy hours, in even the priciest restaurant. The restaurant is busy and  the staff is always pleasant and patient with any order we request
2	Cute little place that tries to be a small-town diner in a big cuty strip mall.  Seating is limited.  The kids portions are huge and my kids loved their food.  Mine was blah (I had the veggie omelet).  My older daughter ordered the eggs benedict and I tried a bite - terrible.  The eggs were overcooked and the center solid.  The big slab of ham was gross.  The sauce tasted like it was made from powder mix.  My husband had the waffle and he left half of it on the place - said it tasted bland.  On the upside, the waitress was very friendly and tried hard to make up for the shortcomings of the food.  Overall, not a terrible place but if it's this kind of bland processed food you want, try Village Inn, same stuff for cheaper.
4	Yummy! So this is what 'real corn beef hash' should look like and taste? I've only been here for breakfast, now I have to try their lunch & dinner. If you go there for breakfast, get their early or expect to wait. It's a small and popular place.
4	Same good food as original Nick's Diner without the permeating bathroom smell.
3	Gyro no onions with feta of course. Drove across town to try the new one. Bigger than #1, same food thankfully.
4	I like this place.  I'd been to Nicks on Reems once but had never been back, not sure why because the food was good and cheap.  Maybe just because it's a little bit out of the way for me to get to but certainly not because of anything negative.  The wife and I had a late breakfast at about 11AM.  The place was only about 1/4 full (snow birds are gone this time of year) so we were seated and waited on fairly promptly.  (the waitress was busy with a "vendor").  The wife had a simple plate of eggs, potatoes and a side of gravy and toast and I had the Greek Omelet with was really good.  Maybe a little bit too much feta cheese but that was OK, I just scrapped the excess off.  When I rate a place I ask myself just one simple question:  Would I come back?  Easy answer it yes.  Of course this location is just a little bit out of my way but worth the effort to drive the 2 miles south of Bell Rd. for a good breakfast.
4	My husband and I love this place! We come pretty regularly for a delicious breakfast when we are kid free for the day (Nick's is very kid friendly, our kids just aren't "restaurant friendly" lol). It's definitely become our go to breakfast spot!! He loves the bacon and home fries, while I'm a big fan of the Eggs Benedict! The EB is huge as it comes with home fries on the side (and all for $8)!! Their biscuits and gravy are pretty killer when you're in the mood for a splurge too! The breakfast prices are really reasonable, and the food is always good. I especially appreciate that they always have vanilla and hazelnut coffee creamers on the table with the half & half, since that's my favorite way to drink my coffee!I would give 5 stars for just the breakfast. My only hesitation and 4 star rating is that the lunch/dinner we've had here had just been "ok." The husband enjoys their Philly Cheesesteak, but I've been disappointed with their grilled salmon and fish. Both were overcooked and dried out. But everything has had good flavor, so it could have been a fluke since we've only been once for lunch and once for dinner.It's nice that they have a reward/punch card. However, it's not as good as a lot of places that offer them. You get one punch per visit (minimum $5 purchase), not per meal. So when I came with my parents, husband and kids and spent over $60, it was the same single punch as breakfast with my husband this morning for $15. After 6 visits (with punch), you receive one meal for free, that they limit to a $6 value. So while the program leaves a lot to be desired, I at least appreciate the effort to have a loyalty card/program at all!! Overall, awesome breakfast joint with great prices and service!!
4	Large Menu and portion sizes are very good. Love that they serve breakfast at any hour of the day. Very friendly staff. Have been here twice in the last 2 weeks and I'll be back again. Zero complaints and prices are very fair as well.
4	The food is great.  The staff is awesome. The prices are real (not dirt cheap, because it's not cheap food) and well worth the product. Location is right in the middle of a developing community. The only reason I don't give this place a 5 star is because of the size of the joint. Kinda small, but the wait was fair so overall Nicks is the place to go if you are wondering what IHOP and Denny's should be benchmarking.
4	Amazing food, great prices and friendly staff. It's hard to come by all three of those traits but this one definitely fills the mold. My family and I had a wonderful time and we will definitely be returning.
3	Good little greasy spoon. Decent prices and for good food.
1	My family and I have been to this restaurant a few times.  We liked the fact that it is a locally owned restaurant, and the food is pretty decent.After what happened tonight, I would rather throw my money in the trash than give it to the owners of this restaurant.I took my children to an early dinner.  When we arrived, there were two other couples in the place, and they both already had their dinners.  We ordered dinner - a french toast meal, a bacon hamburger with soup (instead of fries), and Eggs Benedict with no muffins and eggs over-hard.  When the meals came...the french toast was the only thing right.  The hamburger came with fries, no soup.  Easily fixed.  My meal came with eggs runny as anything.  I sent them back.When the waitress told the "chef" that I had asked for my eggs over-hard, he complained loud enough that I heard it.  It wasn't his fault - she had forgotten to tell him.  He grudgingly made me a new meal, and sent it out.My eggs were still runny.  I sent them back again.  The complaint (in Greek) that came from the kitchen was loud enough to cause the other patrons of the restaurant to take notice.My eggs came back out again (by this time, my kids were almost done eating), and they had clearly been microwaved and were rubbery.As I was eating my meal (no eggs....I didn't trust them, or the chef), the owner of the restaurant went into the kitchen.  The chef very loudly had a conversation with the owner, I'm assuming about me, as the owner then stared at me until I noticed him.As I was getting ready to pay for the meal (which had no compensation at all for my wait time or the crappy service), I told the waitress that I would be filing a formal review on Yelp and any other site I could find.  Dear Owner of Nicks - have some freaking professionalism.  Your attitude towards a "difficult" customer is going to come back to you tenfold.  I will be telling every person I know in the Surprise area that your restaurant is unprofessional, doesn't care to help it's customers, and isn't worth their money.I will not ever step foot into this place again.
5	My family and I love going to Nicks for  Breakfast as the food is always good, and the waitresses are friendly with quick service. The servers provide excellent customer service and keep your coffee cup filled. I especially like the choice of flavored creamers. Also, the bathroom is kept clean. I recommend Nicks as there is never too long of a wait and the prices are decent.
5	Took my son here for breakfast today.  Great service and great food.  My son loves their Begium waffle and he a picky Eater.
5	Had a great breakfast here with my husband this morning. Becky our server was sweet as pie. We would def come back again.
2	Overall I just wasn't impressed. Our waitress didn't seem to know the menu and it took her forever to get anything done. My main dish was decent but I have no plans to return.
2	My in-laws are big fans of Nick's and Nick's II. I really don't know why. I can't figure out what the attraction is for the older crowd but there is a wait every time we come here as the restaurant is packed with older folks. Perhaps it's the large portions at cheap prices that has them overlooking the fact that the food is really not that great. The salad I had on our recent visit to Nick's II was a plate of romaine lettuce with a slice of tomato with 2 kalamata olives. Seriously. The veggie wrap didn't have any dressing or sauce with it and was so bland it was ridiculous. I asked for some balsamic and the server looked at me like I was crazy...and the balsamic never came. My husband had a ham and cheese sandwich that you would think would be hard to screw up...but again...blech. They used hand carved ham which SHOULD be WONDERFUL but they gave him the fattiest pieces on the ham so all he was chewing was huge hunks of fat. Not appetizing. The staff were all on edge because Nick (or at least who I think was Nick--older guy speaking with an accent wearing a Chef coat) was eagle-eyeing what the staff was doing in the dining room and critiquing. I wish he would spend more time in the kitchen and work on that dish-soap flavored chicken lemon rice soup or perhaps get creative instead of using frozen products to pass off as homemade. Again, I don't know what the attraction is to Nick's or Nick's II but I will be doing my best to avoid both locations. You get what you pay for when you pay for cheap food....
3	I guess it is just standard place... Not impressed  at all. Ordered Greek omelette, it came without any flavor. I do it better at home! Ok, checked first time, no reason to come here again...
1	Great food but everytime I have gone there my debit information was compromised by their system or an employee! My bank had to cancel my card because I had out of state charges that weren't mine. I noticed the pattern when the third time it was the only place I used my card and by the next day I had charges in NYC from a cab company and urban outfitters. The times before this card were from California. Both places I haven't been in for years. I called the diner to let the owner know of the problem. At first he wasn't there I was told to call back in a half hour. When I called back the waitress pretended she couldn't hear me and kept hanging up on me. Then I had someone call for me who then handed the phone to me with Nick on the line. He actually admitted they have been having a problem and had his machines checked with no problems. I told him maybe one of his employees might be the problem. He wants me to bring in my receipts so his bank can check things out. I really like this place but if I go again I'm bringing cash!
4	Great food, great people, great place...everything we have eaten has been very tasty.  Their hamburgers were so good we were very pleasantly surprised!  The gyro omelette is my favorite.  So good!
4	This is a decent place to eat.We use to eat at the original's Nick's until we started to have a few issues. Later we found out that Nick's and Nick's ll are not related? Nick's ll are the original owners of Nick's, but then sold the original Nick's. Then they opened up Nick's ll, there does that explain everything? I now confused! Anyway, I have had breakfast here a couple of times. It's pretty much the same as the original Nick's. But this place seems to be more customer service priority. You are treated a lot better here, and don't forget about you. Food is really good, I personally love their pancakes. Their bagel breakfast sandwich is very good also. There are a lot of options for breakfast in Surprise, and this is one of the better ones.
2	Was looking for a neighborhood style restaurant and checked this place out.  Very friendly staff and attentive.  We ordered lunch.  Food from the grill was fresh.  The other dish was clearly microwaved as half of the food was cold.  Frozen vegetables.  Not pleasing at all.  Perhaps breakfast would be a better choice.
3	Mediocre at best. Hash browns were blah, steak was good. Coffee is great. Prices are really good. Service is slighter better than average. Nothing to write home about and too many other options in the area to make a return trip.
4	We went here for the first time about a month ago, and have been back 4 times since. They have great prices and great servers. About the food-it's really good. The breakfasts are big portioned. My simple American breakfast was cooked perfectly. We've been for dinner, and I've had the steak kebobs, my husband had the fish fry, and I've had the chicken gyro. All really good. My husband said their fish is one of the best he's had, the batter they use is perfect and it's not greasy. Yes, their salads are just romaine lettuce with tomato and olives, but since it's just a side salad, I thought it was fine, I noticed if you order a salad as a meal, they include much more vegetables. The thing that most impressed me was the presentation of the food (maybe I watch too much Gordon Ramsay). It's dove really nicely for a diner, not your typical leaf of kale. Overall, I know we'll be back!
5	Nick's Diner II is excellent but not to be confused with Nick's Diner, both of which are in Surprise. However in all fairness, I have not tried Nick's Diner.Nick's II does it all right! Good tasting food, friendly staff, fast service and affordable prices. My wife and I eat here 2-3 times per month.Try the Chicken Gyro with a Greek Salad! Nick makes his Greek Dressing from scratch...DELICIOUS!
5	Never a bad meal have I had here. Employees are outstanding and the service is great.
1	I've eaten here several times and have always found the food to be good with generous portions and friendly service.  However, a couple weeks ago on a Saturday afternoon at about 4:00 pm, a friend and I went there for an early dinner when it wasn't busy.  Our waitress was surly at best.  I ordered the soup and 1/2 turkey and swiss sandwich.  The soup was fine but when I bit into the sandwich, I found it incredibly dry.  There was nothing on the bread at all and they forgot the swiss cheese.  When I called this to the attention to another waitress, she too was rude, taking the plate from me without apology or anything.  When our waitress brought my sandwich back, she said "they would give me the swiss cheese this time but the sandwich doesn't come with swiss".  REALLY??????????   A turkey and swiss sandwich doesn't come with swiss????????  (With this logic, I wonder what would happen if, say, I ordered bacon and eggs or peanut butter and jelly)  I told her it states on the menu Turkey AND swiss.  She shrugged and said, "that's what they told me".
5	DEE-LISH FOR BREAKFAST FOOD!!Have never been here or even heard of this place in the 20 years I've lived here .... but leave it to my brother-in-law to come in from the East Coast and find online the absolute best diner for simple American  breakfast food ever!Again, we came in for Sunday morning breakfast - the place was jumping (always a good sign) at 9:00 am. We were seated within 8 minutes and a server came right over and delivered some great coffee. They provide you with creamer both flavored and plain. My brother-in-law and I both had 2 eggs over easy, hash browns (fresh made potatoes not frozen premade nonsense and put on a grill) and sourdough toast. Perfect and soooo good.  My husband had pancakes with the browns - again fabulous!It was easy to find and plenty of parking. The dining room was clean and the staff was great. They had flat screens with the tennis tournament on one and football on the other - all easy for everyone to see. I saw they had sandwiches, salads and probably dinners - but we didn't have any of that ...... but for breakfast food,  guess where these East Coasters will always go for diner food like back in the day growing up in New York?That's right, Nick's Diner II, LLC!!
4	Their food is delicious, cheap and portions are huge. Great variety and anyone can find something on the menu that they'd like. Customer service could have been a little better (faster, more smiles) but Nick's is still worth visiting
4	Came here for breakfast and had the corn beef hash plate.  Came with sliced corned beef, which I was fond of, not the spam style stuff.  Food came out fast and the owner regularly stepped out of the kitchen to check with customers on how the food was, which was nice to see.
5	Love Nick's Diner II, they have great made from scratch food at reasonable prices. Breakfast is my favorite, huge portions, great coffee, and the biggest cinnamon roll I have seen outside of Texas. I am a regular here.
4	Well, here it is 2 years later and we've eaten here dozens of times.  Need I say more?
5	I went to Nick's II for breakfast this morning on a lark. I will definitely be back...the Greek favorite omelet was incredible and every time I turned around, my coffee cup was full. Pricing was fair and the portion was huge.Looking forward to seeing the lunch/dinner menu next time
4	Hubby and I went for breakfast, it was very quick and the staff were very nice.  Food was pretty good and I would recommend for breakfast.  I'll let you know about lunch and dinner later.
5	First of all:  DO NOT GO TO THE ORIGINAL NICK'S ON REEMS, IT IS NOT THE SAME OWNER.  I guess Nick used to own the Nick's on Reems, but he is now no longer affiliated with that restaurant.  Nick's II is a great restaurant, and you will not be disappointed.
