5	Some might say we aren't a very urbanized city, but I beg to differ. Take Food Truck Friday for example. Every Friday, the Phoenix Public Market parking lot is transformed into food truck fun! Misters cool the crowd, a radio station livens up the atmosphere with jams and several food trucks fill the parking lot ready to serve food to hungry Phoenix residents. I visited when Food Truck Friday first started last year and I went back again today. Both times have been a fun-filled foodie adventure! It also helps that Phoenix Food Truck favorites like Short Leash Dogs and Hey Joe set up shop for the day. Today, I only ate at Short Leash because my little cockapoo Harley was the featured dog of the week! After ordering my food, I made my way to one of the several shaded picnic tables and enjoyed the misters, music and a lively environment while I ate the Harley (a spicy dog topped with caramelized onion, chili and whiskey sauce!) This is a go-to lunch spot for anyone in the area from 11 AM - 1:30 PM on a Friday and once you visit, you will soon forget any thought of Phoenix not being urban enough!
5	Why'd the chicken cross the road?To get to Food Truck Fridays in Downtown Phoenix!I know that all you business Yelpers go out for lunch on Friday's, it's basically a rule if you sit in an office, a cubicle, or behind a desk somewhere from Monday through Friday; don't believe me, check the company hand book you were given on your first day of work. Somewhere between how to comb your hair, what you shouldn't wear, and please don't come in smelling like Nair, you'll find it. While Yelping about your Friday lunch is purely optional, I certainly hope you do ;-)During your weekly 1 hour exodus into the space beyond the cubicles and plaster walls, ending up in the open air of Food Truck Friday will kick off your weekend right. It's not just for Burger King people, it's time to get it your way! Pick your favorite food from, Gourmet Hot dogs with Short Leash, or Mexican with Luncha Libre, Smoothies and Salads with Mojo Bowl, to Pies with Mama Toledos, and Creme Brulee with Torched Goodness. Bring your friends and your favorite gal; they can choose their own favorite too. Don't worry about bringing cash, everyone here will swipe your plastic just as easy.This is your lunch hour, kick back and forget about work while you're here, if only for 45 minutes. Listen to the DJ's spinning popular music through their thumping sound system while you dine on your fine food. Chill out in the seating area which is cordoned off with misters, fans, and swamp coolers; bringing down the temp from a roasting 108 to a palatable upper 90's. This is your Downtown business Yelpers, it's time to kick off those business casuals, and make Friday lunch your own!
4	I work right across Central from Food Truck Fridays, so we look forward to walking over there almost every week. My fave is Short Leash Dogs. I'm a vegetarian and happy to say that they do have a veggie dog that you can fix up however you like! Short Leash always has a long line but there are misters and shade so you won't die during the summer ;)There are a lot of options so it's great if you go with a bunch of people - the only thing missing is a taco truck!!
4	This is so much fun! The trucks line a square around the picnic area and everyone chooses where they want to it. I really dig it. The picnic area is swamp-cooler-ed down and it's an enjoyable atmosphere. Everyone from hood rats to high business rollers show up and it's like a little Lion King-esque watering hole, if you will. Must try it at least once!
4	Get yourself down to Food Truck Friday! My DH and I and our 7 year old grandson hit FTF (Food Truck Friday) this last week as there was no school for the kiddo that day. We aren't from around here, well we are, kind of, lately. We typically don't do well in really hot weather, but the reviewers from Yelp, even though I know they think 90 degrees is bearable, made mostly favorable comments about the seating, lots of shade, misters, fans.. so off we went. Thanks, fellow yelpers- on this, you were correct, it was remarkably comfortable for a mid summer day.On the Friday before Labor Day Weekend, we found lots of available parking, Maybe everyone was already checked out of town for the weekend? However, we find Phoneix to be refreshingly uncrowded compared to what we're used to. Ok, so parking seemed to be a snap.We arrived about 11:30 and there were really no lines and little wait, but we could see those coming. Seating was getting a bit scarce by the time we all got our different meals. Another story, considering a kiddo and a gourmand in tow. We might opt for a bit later arrival as it was thinning out by around 12:45.Kiddo opted for Pulled Pork Sandwich, DH got Fry Bread piled high with yumminess, I found a couple of corn dogs and fried pickles from Short Leash. Feast!We're definitley going to do this again (and again). Just thinking about it now makes my mouth water. It was fun, easy, and vendors were friendly and seemed genuinely engaged with customers. Great service, good food and fair value.
5	Food truck Friday is excellent! There is a large variety of trucks to choose from and the lines are never that long. The only problem with it is that sometimes it's hard to find a place to sit, but that isn't such a big deal. I would definitely recommend checking it out if you haven't yet.
5	This may be too 90's for y'all, but fo' sho', FTF is the Shizzle.All them yummy trucks all lined up to serve us.  Foodgasms left and right.If I worked downtown, I'd be there EVERY Friday.Thanks to the Food Truck Coalition for doing this !!!
5	Awesome selection of food and great prices. Love the community feel and now that the weather is nice, it's even better. Get outside and enjoy some great local food.
4	Beep Beep!  Who's got the keys to my jeep?  Vroooom! (Missy "Misdemeanor " Elliott)Food Truck Friday happens, well, every Friday in downtown Phoenix.  Located off Pierce and Central the the food truck phenomenum has arrived in Phoenix.  Thank you Great Food Truck Race on Food Network!  Actually Food Truck Friday was started by the Phoenix Street Food Coalition.  If you didn't know, Phoenix lags behind in the food truck scene like Los Angeles, New York, Portland, etc.  Who knew huh?  Yeah, like you didn't know!The area where this event happens is not very big.  Seating is a B-I-T-C (shut your mouth!) I'm not even going to bring up the Shaft!  However, come early enough and maybe you'll get lucky.  Some people to do the "I'm saving these seats for a friend", thing, which really really is annoying!  Needless to say the scene is awesome!  Hot dogs, burgers, pizza, rice bowls, and cajun burritos!  I guarantee you'll come back for more and to explore the different flavors!  You definitely won't have all Friday to do so, but check out their daily weekly schedule - http://www.downtownphoenix.com/blog/tag/food-truck-fridays/ - Enjoy!
5	When the weather is nice there is absolutely no better place for lunch!  The food trucks are one of the reasons my husband and I wanted to move downtown, and having them all in once place is nice! So many options, and everything is good, you really cant go wrong!I recommend a luncha-rita from luncha libre, really great iced tea flavors!
5	I live and work in Peoria, so It's a rare occasion that I get to make it out to Food Truck Friday. When I am able to, I jump at the chance. It's a rough life being a food truck junkie and being banished to the West Valley, let me tell you.Anyhow, there is not much wanting here. My only difficulty is choosing which trucks to buy from. I love Torched Goodness, and I'm always up for Short Leash. But there are intruiging things going on over at Hey Joe's and Mama Toledo's. There is lots of seating, something that is lacking when you come to the market on Saturday. My only sadness is that I can't get here very often.
4	Feels like part-carnival, part-picnic, and part-mall-food-court!    I've rarely eaten in one of those places and was disappointed!  This is Phoenix's amazing stab at the good life of trucking good food that Food trucks in places like NYC provide.  In my opinion, Phoenix knocks it out of the park!   The event happens every Friday during the lunch time from 11-1:30pm.  The trucks form a perfect rectangle around the tables in the middle, making it easy for you to eyeball your next stop while you chomp down on your food.Food truck Friday's has been on my to-do-list for a while.  After hearing how good the Jamborritos were at the recent Food TV food truck event that was held a couple Saturdays ago on the coldest day in Phoenix in a couple years, I decided I would check it out and today was perfect at 70 degrees!  :-)  I came there with a friend and a very highly opinionated 3 y/o who is ripe for a Yelp! account of her very own!   So, we visited the Short Leash Dogs to get the 3 y/o's meal outta the way!  We walked around the perimeter of the trucks to observe the menus of the other trucks and make mental notes of where we wanted to visit the next time.  Our mission was to try the Jamborrito's from Jamborrito!  The food there didn't let us down.  What I like best about each truck that we stopped by to say "hi" and read the menus is that EVERYone is so friendly and chatty.  I like talking and I love chatty people.For those that are visiting and are not familiar with the parking situation in that area, there is some street parking.  there is a strange parking lot directly south of the PPM where you can park.  you must pay cash.  Today, each parking space was $6 and you slip the cash in the slot for your parking spot number.  There are other parking lots around, but I don't know on a weekday if those lots are free or paid.  On the weekend, for the PPM, they are free.My one and only complaint about this place is that there aren't more trucks!   LOL, but other than that, this is such a wonderful and great atmosphere to enjoy.
5	After a long time I made the venture down to see what all the noise was about.. Food Trucks.. Yeah.. so? Got some Lumpia from Hey Joe.. Checked out the different choices and was amazed at the variety. Can't wait to get time to go back.
5	Awesome stuff! Indian fry bread, bacon cheesegurgers, sweet potato fires, peach and brown sugar pies...all in one place! I'll see you there on Fridays!
4	I wish it were closer.   I love sampling from each truck.   You gotta love when you can have a smoothie and burrito at the same table.
3	Have you been to food truck Friday? Have you heard about food truck Fridays? So I guess there is this thing where all the food trucks get together on Fridays? Yeah, I get it. I have heard about it, I guess we should probably go and see what it is all about. I hate being a trendy person but I guess some things you should experience.The area isn't hard to find using a handy Android GPS. I don't really know my way around downtown Phoenix so I took the A driver role and the driver brought us right in to the parking lot directly north of the trucks. It is as they described. 10 to 12 trucks in a circle around a sizable seating area in the middle. Take a look around. What looks good? The pizza by the slice truck? The jambalaya/burrito concept truck? Vegetarian truck anyone? I recommend picking quickly and sticking with it because the lines are about to get long if they haven't started already.I have dined at a few of the trucks including the aforementioned jambalaya spot. I am going to talk about the best one so far, though. Luncha Libre specializes in quesadilla and torta concoctions made with meats like carnitas and carne prepared and served in a very tasty combination. I really enjoyed the carne plate with the freshly prepared chips. And don't, don't, don't forget to grab a jar of their original beverages. You get to keep the jar and you get a discount on the next time you visit. And a discount is nice because this truck isn't the cheapest available. I would say go straight to this truck once you arrive so you have the bar set.Unfortunately this is a review of Food Truck Friday and not just Luncha Libre, otherwise I would be in the 4 to 5 star area. I can't say that I am not to blame in any of the FTF's downfalls. We have to do what we call speed runs just to get the most out of the lunch. If you don't show up early, as in 11:15 or so, prepare to take a long lunch. Make your truck decision and stick to it or else you are in the back of a line cursing your procrastination. If you do find yourself behind in the pecking order expect to be scrambling for seating. If you are with 4 or more people, this could be a bad situation. I don't hate crowds or people but on a lunch I don't want to rush while fighting the masses.So go do it. Get it out of your system. Maybe you are salary and the suit and tie need some sun. I will say that some of the clientele at FTF are easy on the eyes. Might be a good spot for the single crowd to grab a bite. Just saying. But for this married guy getting paid by the hour and not at lunch, I really need good timing to justify the trip. I can say that I have checked that one off the ole' food bucket list.
4	Luncha Libre has won my heart. Drinks in mason jars? Sold.Lines are usually long, but so worth the wait. Gotta hurry though, everything shuts down at 1PM.
5	Everyone should try food truck Friday.  It's fun and there's always something good to eat. Something for everyone.
2	I'd never been until today because I work in west Glendale but I had the day off so I thought I'd take the opportunity. It seems such a popular thing that I figured it would be worth it. Ha!The parking is weird - it's all paid but not really regulated so I'm sure we weren't the only ones that "didn't notice" the parking signs. It's also basically in a big parking lot so there was very little shade when you're in line or if you're not lucky enough to snag a chair.There was a radio station sitting right in the centre of the trucks loudly playing R&B music which I could definitely have done without. I couldn't hear my mom sitting two feet away from me. The entire space was over-crowded and not very organized. Overall, not the best experience. A few of the trucks had way longer lines than the others which I thought was weird. Why would you wait in a 30 minute long line for a hot dog when you can just get something else right away? Luncha Libre and Short Leash definitely seemed the most popular, but I went with Emerson Fry Bread (which had NO LINE) because I'm not much for queuing in the hot sun just for food (which I reviewed separately).We were lucky enough to be able to find two chairs but it's not a sure thing. A lot of people went without. I do not get the food truck craze. It's mostly not worth it. Go to a nice air conditioned restaurant downtown instead that's just as locally sourced. There are plenty of them.
4	A great place for a group of friends or coworkers who can't decide what to get for lunch. They have hotdogs (short leash), creme brulee (try the salted carmel), and mexican (lunchalibre' - sorry on the spelling). If it's Friday, you'll probably find me eating here. It does get pretty hot in the summer, since all they have for searing it a big shade cover with folding chairs and folding tables underneath.
5	Torched goodness is delicious single serve creme brulee. A must try. Incredibly tasty.
4	Head about it for some time and to day my son and wife invited us to go with them. This is a event I definitely want to go to again. Was a little disappointed as I was hoping for more choices of vendors. The selection was not bad. I chose Jamburritos Cajun Grille. The food was good but I probably will not get a Jamburrito next time. Nothing wrong with the food. It was taste but I am not necessarily a fan of the seasoning in the Jamburrito. Besides there is much more food to try. I also got a pastry from Mamma Toledo's. It was a cheese cake just don't remember what flavor. OH! It was good. If you have not done this I suggest you do. It is an adventure. As Forest says Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you are going to get. I will wait till it cools of a little. There are tents with evap coolers but it is still going to be warm. There are many more trucks around. I must search them out.Enjoy
5	No its not the food truck lots like Portland has but this is very very cool by PHX standards for sure.  Of course I am spoiled living and working in downtown getting the opportunity to try just about every food truck in the Valley who tends to show up here, most in regular rotation, on Friday for lunch.   In the summer it gets a little warm but they have misters and shade which work really nicely while the weather is dry.  There are times in the winter where a few cool days can be an issue, but this is Phoenix people.  For the most part there is little excuse not to eat outside on the regular.  Plus in one location you get to choose from a variety of cuisines and desserts.  This is a must stop for anyone who is a fan of food trucks and good food in general.
4	One of my favorite things about downtown living. Not sure how I spent $20 for lunch and didn't even have any booze but I did get some Creme Brulee to bring home. I highly recommend this treat.
5	You can't go wrong with a parking lot full of food trucks.  They have Hot dogs from Short leash Hot dogs, Protein Shacks from Mojo bowl, Burgers from Amore and Pies from Mamma Toledo's.  This parking lot full of food trucks happens every Friday from 11am to 1pm at the Phoenix Farmer Market in downtown Phoenix.  Every time I come they have music playing.  Sometimes I will run into friends that I know or it will just be me and my co-workers.  Normally I get an awesome hot dog from Short Leash.  One of these days I will try something different.  It is just hard for me to not get a hot dog from Short Leash because it is delicious.  :)
5	Food truck friday was a really neat experience. There were 9 food trucks available today and offered everything from burgers to hot dogs to poboys to ice cream. It appeared a few of the trucks had vegetarian items as well as dairy free items for people with dietary restrictions. I looked at the menu from all of the food trucks and everything looked good. The burger place was by far the most popular with a line of about 20 deep. I tried the jan burritos Cajun truck and it was really good. 1.50 for a can soda was a bit much but the burrito was a large portion and really good. Worth checking out on a friday because there is music playing and its a really nice atmosphere. Only runs from 11-1:30 and it gets busy around noon so try to get there by around 11:30 to avoid longer lines
2	I feel like the Elephant in the room saying this but Food Truck Friday in Phoenix sucks.  The experience has disappointed me every single time I've been.Don't get me wrong, I love supporting the small guys and will happily pay for great food but the value proposition of FTF is terrible.  I guess it's the hipster culture that commands the high prices but it doesn't excuse mediocre food.Price: Don't expect to leave on a full belly with any less than $20 in your pocket.Quality of food: I know this solely is on the vendors but I've yet to find a vendor that sells anything that wants me coming back for more.  ALSO don't be a fool like I was and buy something based on the ingredients listed - make sure you SEE what you're getting first.  One time I basically paid $10 sight unseen for what amounted to a side of curry and rice from a vendor (I hate Indian curry and nowhere on the menu did it sound as if it were a curry). I was very not happy.  There was "Cambodian" something in the name which sold me on the "dish" (I am Cambodian).  Believe me when I say it was not Cambodian in any way shape or form, not even the rice was right.The burger vendor is ok, it took forever and the meat was on the verge of rubbery, but at least it was filling.Short leash is probably the best I've had, they are not bad in the taste department but you are paying $8 for one fancy hot dog all said and done.  No offense intended but they also serve their hot dogs in pita bread.  They call it Naan so they can charge you more for it and sound culturally diverse.Ambience: It's like a Carnival, and that includes the crowd it attracts and the cleanliness.  Consider yourself lucky if you can find a seat anywhere, let alone a clean spot.  The parking lot is free I think which is super nice for downtown Phoenix.  It is a crappy rock lot though so don't bring your fancy car if you can avoid it.In conclusion: Do it at least once maybe just for the experience.  If you want to feel like you are expanding your horizons or something go ahead, waste $20 for mediocre food.  I'd much rather eat most anywhere else though.
5	This is such an awesome thing to do on a Friday night. My girlfriend and her family attended this a couple weeks back and it was great. We had great food at a reasonable price. We will definitely be going back again soon!!
5	This was such a great experience and I feel like everyone really should have a Food Truck Friday. Background... every Friday at Phoenix Market from 11:00 am - 1:30pm (give or take), select food trucks come together to serve the people goodness.I arrived not knowing what to expect. I found a free parking lot (that turned out to be intense getting out of). I walked around to take it all in. Since I was relatively early I wasn't as pressed to hurry up and decide. I did notice a few vendors started before 11am which is nice. There was plenty of seating (including shaded seating) and good music piping in the background. By 11:15, the lines were already starting to form.I opted for Jamburritos Cajun Grille. I got the house special: Fried Catfish PoBoy with the Creole Cabbage/Cole Slaw with hush puppies. It was fried goodness and definitely filling. I didn't eat all of the bread, but I ate all of the fish. This plate is served with two sauces that really pulled everything together.I wish I would have found this place sooner. So good. Just note be prepared to wait because they are making it to order so your food is fresh with you in mind.Tips: - Get there early- Walk around to take in all the sites before deciding- Order, enjoy- Repeat and try something else
4	I can count on Food Truck Friday when I'm undecided about lunch. Today we got there around 1:10 and I tried Burgers Amore getting their veggie burger and curly fries. The fries were just okay, oilier than I would've liked, but the burger was filling, and I liked that they had the toppings separate so you could customize it. Other times, I've gone to Short Leash Hot Dogs. I used to enjoy The Bear but wasn't feeling it last time. I've yet to try other trucks but the grilled cheese place sounds promising. As long as it's a vegetarian or seafood friendly entree, I'm down. I like that the location is close enough to my work that I can walk and help burn off some of the calories.
5	Aside from crazy hot day, I was impressed with Food Truck Friday! It was my first time and I can't wait to go back. Music was playing, food smelled well from every direction and there were "misters"!!!! I ended up getting short leash hot dog, no surprise there and also got Mojo smoothie to kill a hot day, at least temporary.There are for sure many more food trucks that I would go back and try food from...in the mean time, I would recommend this experience for everyone out there. It's a "must" thing to do in Phoenix Downtown
1	BEWARE THE $12 LAULAU PLATE FROM ISLAND LOCO!  No chicken or fish, the whole container was dripping with fat (I got it all over my clothes and phone), when I opened the taro leaf it was full of big chunks of fat, and the lomi salmon had exactly 3 little diced pieces of salmon.  I took it back for a refund, and he would only refund half the cost.  What a ripoff!
4	Went to Food Truck Friday last week and now I'm obsessed. It was way to hot to be outside, but the atmosphere is fun and exciting. Even with the huge fans, it was too swampy. We ate at a taco truck which was okay - the pork was dry, but I will be back when it cools down to try the Indian Fry bread truck. Their food looks great and their Prickly Pear lemonade is crack. I bought a huge one and have been craving it since. Hope I can hold out until Sept. to go back!!What's great also, is that most of the trucks offer samples so you get to try before you buy. That's helpful when you are stumped at what to order or what might be good.
5	The only problem with all these food trucks id deciding which one to go to for lunch. And if you know me, I couldn't narrow it down to one, so I hit two- Emerson's Fry Bread and Hey Joe Filipino...both choices I did not regret...but I regret not having enough room in my bloated gut for more.
