4	Spent my last night of Montreal holiday here and loved it! The band, Unkle Groove was amazing, bluesy rock. Good service. very cozy atmosphere, great for blues. I was expecting to hear straight blues music from the name and it definitely was more on the rock side, but since i like that, i wasn't upset.
4	Awesome Blues/Rock bar in the Latin Quarter. Hit it three times while there. The 2 piece band played rock and mixed it with some French music by Les Colocs. Nice change of pace. Cold local beer. Montreal would has good local beer! And not Molson, but Boreal and others.
4	Was there on thursday with a friend it is a small lovely place. Band and music (blues/rock) were great service is good prices are good. Bad things are that they do not have many beer choices (mostly brown which I don't like) and bodyguard have some problems with English speakers. But will go there again..
3	Worth visiting...we saw a guitarist who was competent...and a female singer who was entertaining...wouldn't call it a hardcore blues club...but entertainment is entertainment...no food...but drinks are good...
1	Awful.  Music was not blues but bad garage band rock.  Doesn't start until 10.30pm even on weeknights which is not necessarily bad but strange.  Most clubs are on their 2nd or 3rd set by then. I was put off by the nickel and diming.  They make you check your coat and charge $2 for it.  Meanwhile, we saw several people who hadn't checked their coats. We were told at the door that we could put our cover on the tab and pay w/ credit card.  After we got some beers at the bar and sat at a table , the waitress said she has to collect the cover in cash.  I explained we were told differently at the door.  Didn't matter,  we had to pay in cash.  We had no more Canadian cash and didn't want to exchange for more just to pay a cover.  And they are the only place in Montreal that I went that week that didn't take US dollars.  We finished our beer over the first and only "song" we heard, and left.  $8 for a tap beer BTW is a bit expensive.  Felt like we were being fleeced from the moment we walked in.
