2	My experiece with them is a so so to below average. Not too long ago, I had purchased a meal deal through drive through one morning. I was told to park in the front and wait for my food, I noticed two customers after me was told to park in the front as well. after 5 minutes of waiting I noticed one of the employees had a meal, she denied it was mine. Patience was not a virtue with me that day. The Second customer after me got his meal. Noticing that I was first and had not yet gotten my food was not right. So I walked in and asked whats goin on with my order, the employee asked for the second time what I had ordered *the order she denied it was my order was really mine*.I did call the manager that morning and expressed my dismay for a lack of communcation and slow food. He did the right thing and gave me a complementary meal and he had let me know what went wrong that morning (the cook was MIA). when I had showed up at the store, he had personally came from his office and apologized for the mess up.I thought all was well until I had ordered my comp meal that the employees may have been messing with me? (its just a theory). Three other customers after me got their meal before I did. So I had walked over to the shift manager and asked if my meal was ready, his stupid ass response was "I was wondering why that sandwich was sitting there". I got my food and left.I would travel a distance in the other direciton to another burger king that has excellent speedy service vs this one.I'm glad that I dont have stock in this company.One star:  For the store Manager (my cost management professor would be proud for his actions, doing everything in his power to make the guest happy; giving me a comp meal).Two Star: free meal
3	I don't really have any gripes about this location. Everytime I order a "happy meal" they never correct me, simply give me what I want. I always feel a bit stupid afterwards but hey, it's an honest mistake.They are pretty fast in the drive through and almost always clean on the inside. I always get please and thank you from the employees here too.
2	My husband went there for breakfast and had to go back 3 times because each time they got his order wrong. It's not hard to read the screen on an order. A few times I went there through the drive-thru the person could barely speak English, wow!!!!!!! I should have to speak another language other than English just to get my food order across and get it correct the first time.
