2	I was one of the first few people to lease, as I came in by chance on the day they opened. At the time, it was under a different management company than it is now. I don't really care who is managing the property I pay out the ass for, but 2 weeks in to living here, everything changed. Suddenly my dogs can't be in the courtyard that my apartment opens into, yet that's why I was sold the 1st floor apartment. There's an amazing club room, but it's not open like it's supposed to be. Want to use the 3D tv? Put down a $500 security deposit. At first was a smoke-friendly community (outdoors only, of course) but now you must be 20 feet away from the community to smoke. Gorgeous apartments, nice staff, shitty changes. Plus, it's a little pricy considering the new lack of amenities and location. I signed a 12 month lease, but only get 11.5 months for some reason? Who knows. I'll most likely be buying myself out of it.Oh, and the dang fire alarms go off for about an hour 2 or 3 times a week. Have fun sleeping in on a Sunday.
5	I've been living here for about 3 weeks and I have to say that Metro808 is pretty rockin'. I can't speak to management changes (because I like that it is non-smoking and non-dog-pooping, sorry) as I must have come in after the change, but I love it here.Management:The front office staff are really friendly and helpful. They always have a smile on their face and get things taken care of if I ever have an issue. I never feel like I am intruding. Oh and free cookies and Keurig coffee maker (with free coffee)? Thank you!Price: Yah, it is expensive. But I do respect one thing here: they give you one price and that is how much it costs. Other properties would quote one price (like $1,200), but then say "oh there is a required valet trash, internet, and cable fee" (+100/month), and "oh, there are two of you?" (+35/month for extra parking spot). Here they include everything into the price and saves you the mental math. After all is send and done, the rates were pretty comparable.Community:I have to give some props for the managements efforts to build a sense of community here. In my three weeks here there has already been many community events like free breakfast (bagels, donuts, fruit, etc), (free) burgers and brew by the pool, and special events at local restaurants (free drinks in the VIP room at Blackfins anyone?). The front office will even email out notifications of local events occurring in case you are living under a rock.Amenities:Simply stated: I feel like I am living at a 5 star hotel. The shear awesomeness of the amenities makes me gitty: - Saltwater pool- Fantastic 24 hour gym (my girlfriend is a physical therapist and knows quality gym equipment)- Courtyards with games, hammocks, grills, and outdoor tv (which yes, had has some issues but I don't go outside to watch tv... I go outside to be outside!)- 3D TV room, which I have yet to use, but plan on it- Billiards table- Office/meeting room- Covered/gated parkingAll in all, I actually want my friends to visit here because I can see a lot of good times in the future!Apartment itself:The rooms are spacious and have everything you need: stainless steel appliances, washer/dryer, marble counter tops, beautiful light fixtures, and blinds (thank you!). Saved me from having to buy more stuff.Location:I consider this one of the best locations in town. I love it because I could probably get by driving to work, but walking to meet all of my other needs.Need groceries? Harris Teeter is just down the street. Prescriptions? CVS is even closer. Feeling lazy and want to get food? You have Zada Janes, Fuel Pizza, Bistro La Bon, Loco Lime, Kickstand, and so much more within a 2 - 10 minute walk. Want to get your drink on? Thirsty Beaver across the street can quench that need. Or take a walk to Philosophers Stone.Commute-wise, you go against rush-hour traffic pretty much no matter where you go. I can get to UNCC campus in about 15-20 minutes at 8:00am. If you like running, there is a nearby green-way and Independence Park close by.Minor Cons:There was a "new apartment building" smell that lingered in the room, but is is dissipating now. But hey, we are the first people to live hear so what can you expect?Noise - you may hear some depending where in the building you are. Of course, I can't think of a place I've lived that never had street noise. Sometimes on the weekends in the summer I hear music from the pool across the street at Elizabeth Square. Is it a little annoying, yes but it is just a part of urban living. Besides, they had some live music a while back that was actually pretty good! Finally, there is a train the goes by here, but it has never bothered me and I am a light sleeper. If you want to live in absolute silence, don't live in a large city area.Hot Water - they use an energy efficient water heater here. At the default setting it tends to go quickly. TIP: just ask them to turn it up and they'll take care of it that day. Bam, no more lukewarm showers.Mosquitoes - now in the summer time, yes there are mosquitoes. I've been bit. But you know what, they are most anywhere you go not just here. I see it more as a part of the season (which will soon end). Yay, may the management can spray for them, but they'll be back. Slap on some repellent and go about your day.  All in all, my experience at Metro808 has been fantastic and I highly recommend it as a place to live.
4	Went to visit some friends who lived here last night and I have to say I was very impressed with Metro 808!The pool area and grounds in general are really beautiful! Outdoor tv, instant electric fireplace, gym! Their apartment was huge! I am more than a bit jealous of the space. The bathroom storage was plentiful (a plus), as were the closets! The kitchen area had lovely dark wood floors and granite counter-tops...just an impressive space all around! Plus their were little extras like built in desks and amazing custom shades for the balcony windows. I was lucky enough to attend one of their twice-monthly community events. We sampled some delicious wine (no 2-buck chuck here!) and wonderful bites from Bistro La Bon. Speaking of which, go to Bistro and get their coconut macaroons...still warm, freshly baked, and simply incredible.  The only  slight downside was that the halls smelled of garbage. They have a valet garbage system that you are required to use. We had one at the Millennium Southend but it was only early morning hours on weekdays and the absence of carpet and constant cleaning of the halls made it impossible to detect any residual smells. Overall though I am pretty excited to know people who live here because that pool is just calling my name! (and because the people I know are pretty fun to hang out with too!)
5	We have lived here since September and it has been fantastic! The staff is friendly and prompt. Whenever we have had an issue in our apartment it is fixed pronto. If they need to order a part the staff make sure to call and update us almost daily. I love that is non smoking! I have a dog and I am really ok with him not being allowed in the courtyards. There are plenty of places to take him if he needs an off leash run. The community events have been a blast! Free food and drinks?! Yes, please! They have a Saturday morning breakfast which is so good! Pancakes and waffles that I do not have clean up after, count me in.We have a one bedroom apartment with a fantastic patio. They have created a very modern space that feels spacious do to the high ceilings. Granite counter tops, hardwood floors, soaking tub and a walk-in closet! From what we have seen of other apartments complexes these apartments are comparably priced.ALSO, the apartment if filled with young professionals, so almost everyone is careful of their noise level and courteous of those around them. We really enjoy living here!
4	I don't live at Metro 808 but I have a few friends who live there.  I think the apartments look fantastic.  They are so modern in decor and the buildings are really well maintained.  My friends have mentioned that the walls are a bit thin so noise travels easily.  The pool area is immaculate!  Not only are there plenty of chairs to lay in but there are BBQ's and tables so you can have a little pool party!  The doors that lead into the apartment complex can only be accessed with a fob card, or you can use the call box and residents can "buzz" you in.Overall, I love this complex but it is VERY pricey.  If you can afford it, go for it, but there are definitely cheaper options in the same neighborhood!
3	I stayed at the Guest Suite here why waiting for my apartment at another Greystone property to be ready.It is a very nice building.  The unit I was in, was spacious and had a great kitchen and bathrooms.  It was lovely and a place I would like to live.  However, it is the noisiest apartment building I have ever lived in.  I never really saw another resident, so I don't mean loud in the party manor.  I mean, poor construction loud.  I was honestly shocked.  You can hear music, people walking and the outside noises sound like the windows were open.  Because of that, this is not a place I could ever live, despite all the pros.
