5	Somebody who reads my reviews might have noticed by now that I'm not partial to extremely fancy restaurants nor do I enjoy having lots of junk food. At the end of the day, a five star rating from me is not saying that the restaurant has gold-plated toilets, nor that they defeather the chicken in front of me before they braise it in virgin truffle oil. For me, 5 stars--perfection--is when I walk out of the restaurant completely satisfied with my meal and how much I paid.NosThes fits the bill! Having grown up in China, I'm very picky about N.American Chinese food. It tends to be gross and have no correlation to real Chinese food. But NosThes is straight up solid Taiwanese! You could probably get a full meal out of a couple of their snack plates--I ended up ordering a couple because, my first time here, I had temptation to try everything on the menu. The dumplings are perfectly pan fried, the sausage is a little sweet, and the braised spicy beef tasted like home! For the amount of food we ordered, I feel like I got a great deal. Quality was spot on too.This place just opened and there are a few kinks to work out (the tea service is a little contrived/expensive), but I imagine that as soon as Montrealers taste this Taiwanese excellence, they'll never want to return to Tiki-Ming hell.
5	The tea selection is amazingly extensive and the taste is just as good.I made a visit to Montreal for the weekend and stumbled upon this place while exploring the neighborhood our hostel was at. I didn't visit Montreal for Asian food, but we were starving after a long train ride. I tried the beef noodle soup, which had short ribs in it. Not a fan of using short ribs in that particular dish, but other than that, it wasn't bad. I also ordered a honeybush four season milk tea and my friend got a plum & balsamic pearl milk tea (don't remember what it exactly was). I enjoyed mine and would frequent this place and try every flavor if I lived in Montreal.The place itself is trendy with modern chic decor and slanted glasses.Food would get 3 stars from me, but the milk tea makes it 5 stars because I like it that much.
2	Nice looking, modern architecture, well -lit place. Waitress was very sweet, but the guys need to get it together. My companion and I both ordered the  wonton/seafood soup in chicken broth soup and tea. As I do not eat pork, which is what the wontons were, I asked the waitress to please hold the wontons & give them to my friend instead, and she was very happy to tell me she'd inform the cook. Our soups arrived, mine with 3 shrimp, 1 of which tasted mouldy and 1 scallop, in a greasy, but tasty broth. The bowl was SMALL and at $6.99 a bowl, that's STEEP! The teas arrived long after we finished our soups, and the waiter/tea person, wanted to know if we were ready to leave and pay, while we were still waiting for our teas! My friend also ordered a chocolate mousse, highly recommended by the waitress, which arrived FROZEN ROCK SOLID!  AFTER, my friend was halfway  chiseled   through her mousse, the waiter/tea person, noticed  her dilemma and quickly replaced it, (free, with apologies)  then placed her original in a microwave and brought it back! She ate 2 desserts for FREE! LOL  Our teas arrived not hot, as I like them Assam for me, Earl Grey for her, we had to ask for both milk and sugar, the sugar is a thick sugar syrup in a small bottle. I had no drip catcher on my infuser, had to place the infuser on top of my friend's , as she was given one. Again, there were apologies and a card given to us both for a freebie drink next time we go there, overall, since this place has been open for a few months now, the service should be up to par, not so sloppy. I might go back, but will steer clear of the overpriced soup, will try some of the mains, and if service is as sloppy as it was last night, will forego in future.
3	FINALLY. Bubble Tea that is made using real tea! I have had such a hard time finding real bubble tea in Montreal. This place delivers and to a high standard. Great range of flavors, topping and so delicious.
5	Really good bubble tea (best i had so far in Montreal)! Also tried the taiwanese beef pancakes and the popcorn. Both were delicious. Would recommend! (Y)
1	Though they have same name but this one is much worse than the one on St. Mathieu in term of service!
5	We have had tea in Taiwan,  the US,  and now in Montreal.  The tea quality here at Nos Thes is by far one of the best in any tea shops. We're so thrilled to have found them and will be visiting them everyday while in Montreal. In addition,  the food is authentic and yummy, and the staff and owners are very friendly and knowledgeable. You can't ask for a better location than this in the gay village.
5	Service is impeccable. Our barista was so friendly and down to earth. In addition to providing honest menu recommendation, he happily shared his insight of Montreal culture with us. Between my friend and I, we ordered:- Hot taro milk tea with tapioca- Hot ginger tea with tapiocaWhile this was my first experience with with hot bubble tea, I've had my fair share of bubble tea in my lifetime. NosThes easily served THE freshest bubble tea I've ever tasted. The barista took his time steeping our tea (yes we oversaw the process as the other barista chatted up with us) and carefully crafted our beverages. The tapioca texture was on point; it had just the right amount of "glutinous chew" without that horrible "stuck in my teeth" feeling. What surprised us most was that no powder was involved during the making. It was apparent that the slightly higher price was worth every penny; the flavour actually tasted natural/real and our option of choosing less than 50% sugar brought out the natural flavours of fresh ginger/taro without being intrusive to the palette. I tasted real taro chunks and the hearty, graininess of the warm plant was truly something unexpected from this small joint in Gay Village.We did not order any food there so can't comment on quality in that department. Definite must if you're a bubble tea fan or if you're seeking an alternative cafe experience from your old standby. I will definitely return if I travel to Montreal again!
