2	This place is terrible. I had an eye infection and the health center at ASU sent me here. I wish they hadn't. The secretary is rude and so are most of the patients. You never actually get seen at your appointment time. I waited as much as an hour. They take people in whatever order they damn well please. They skipped me for some obnoxious woman who had a later appointment. Now that my eye is better, I will not be returning and I recommend that no one else does either. Unless you want to pay a heinous amount of money to get treated terribly.
5	If you want the best in eye care with one of the most knowledgeable physicians in the East Valley it has to be Dr. Ford. He has treated me and my whole family for nearly 30 years, he stays current with technology and is conservative, yet thorough with your eye care. I don't trust my eyes to anyone else.
5	I have been seeing Dr. Caserta for years and am very surprised at what Alie C. wrote.  I've NEVER had to wait an hour for my appointment.  Dr. Caserta and his staff have ALWAYS been nice and polite.  Perhaps you were there on an off day, or maybe they squeezed you in when they could.  There are two doctors there, so it is possible that people are seen in different order.  Were you rude or demanding yourself?  After all these years I've never heard anyone say what you did about the doctors, or their office help.
3	Well I hate to give bad reviews but thorough ones are needed. My arrival time was 15 minutes before my check- in time which is 15 minutes or so minutes before the actual appointment time(30 minutes before my appointment) but was still not seen until and hour after my appointment time and an hour. Mind you this was a Monday morning 8am appointment and there were a lot of people there but at 8am and already an hour behind... I'm a little disappointed.The waiting area was comfortable however crowded. Lots of magazines and things to read, I saw someone bring in a laptop to work on while I was there... smart people in the world make me jealous in these situations.They took me back approximately 30  hour in to see an assistant who went over my issue/eye sight check and then headed me back to the waiting area.Dr. Ford was very knowledgeable which is why I gave the 3 star rating. He took his time (all of about 15 minutes) explaining my ailment and that it wasn't serious and would go away eventually. The office was clean, parking was ample and the office was easy to find. I don't know if I would come back unless I got the first appointment of the day.  I didn't think it would become an almost two hour endeavor which was the downside.
2	This was not my first visit to the offices of Ford and Caserta and no, it was NOT the first time there was surly staff. They are nice enough on the phone but in person, not so much. I too arrived at 7:45 for an 8 a.m. appointment. The receptionist did not look at me. She just handed me a clipboard and asked for my insurance card.  I dutifully filled out the papers and returned them to her and then my wait began. She was rude to other patients too. They really need a new receptionist who is empathetic or at least smiles. I didn't want to be there at 7:45 either! At 8:20 she notified me that my doctor called in and was running a half hour late. Are you kidding me? By the time of his expected arrival, I would have been waiting an hour. My time is valuable too! I understand emergencies, but if that was the case, then I think I would have been informed of that.  I didn't wait. I have responsibilities too. I made another appointment but probably won't keep it. I'm still annoyed by this and don't think my insurance or I should have to pay for sub par service.  Sorry, docs. Get your act together and maybe your patients will be content.
5	Wow!  I gotta' tell you I'm surprised to read the previous reviews!  I've been seeing Dr. Caserta twice annually for better than four years now.  I am, by my own admission "hyper-critical," and have never: received anything less than quality medical care, encountered a rude staff member, or had an extensive wait time.
5	I can see Dr Caserta LITERALLY saved my vision after another doctors mistake. He may have been "running behind" but he greeted me in the waiting room himself which I have not ever seen another doctor do, ever! and he is pleasant and listens.
5	This is the only office in town I would trust my eyes or my children's eyes to. In addition to being expertly trained and educated Dr. Ford stays current on all the latest technology  and safety. You may have to wait a bit, but when you are getting your eyes dilated and come on people IT'S your eyes, you don't want just anyone messing with them! He has taken care of my eyes for over 30 years!
5	I have been going to Dr. Caserta for over 10 years. All of this time I have been 'borderline for glaucoma.' My other eye doc wanted to start me on medication years ago, but Dr. Caserta follows me every year, and to date I have not had to deal with medications. He is open and honest with me and my progress (or lack of it!) and discusses everything in a manner I understand. I have never had anything but wonderful service here.
5	I am coming to the end of a two year journey with Dr Caserta,  I had several issues to deal with and Dr Caserta did not rush the process and made sure I would have as much vision as possible. I am confident I got the best care possible.
