2	I love the out-door seating here. Beautiful!! You can almost forget that you are in a casino! My husband and I brought his Grandma and Mon here for a little fun!! After we were seated, our drinks came fast, and we were told about the $4 breakfast special. MMMmmmm....Sounds good!! AND cheap!! It took a really long time for our food to come out, and there were maybe six tables in the place being used. So, the $4 food. You get what you pay for. Extremely runny eggs, dry biscuits, and bacon that looked like it had been in the warming pan all morning. Because we were hungry, we did manage to choke it down. BLAH....If you visit this casino, try the food court. We will next time!!
1	Their "baked macaroni and cheese" is nothing more than pasta shells tossed in generic nacho cheese sauce.  Disgusting beyond belief.  You have to be BAKED to eat here---unfortunately I wasn't.
1	The service is always pretty lousy. You always have to ask for refills of water, soda, tea and no one is all that friendly... BUT last night was the WORST. We ordered, then waited 30 minutes for our food - when it came out - fajitas - there were no tortillas, condiments or salsa for another 5 minutes! When we got our tortillas, it was a total of 2 in one foil with a promise to bring more - which again, we had to ask for from the manager... This terrible services went on the whole time while the manager, assistant manager and the rest of the wait staff wandered around aimlessly. Not an un-bussed table in the house - but satisfied, cared for customers? I love their fajitas... but the service (this time) was enough for me to choose to stay away for ever...
3	After a night of gambling and drinking at Lone Butte Casino, this place hits the spot fo late night munchies.  It's your typical 24 hr casino coffee shop.  I know it can get busy during peak meal hours, but late at night it's usually pretty empty.  We've tried the following menu items.Onion Rings, $3.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=RbC6U4gUiW_8jen5w1-HWA#RbC6U4gUiW_8jen5w1-HWACheese Fries, $2.95http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=Td1MTg9oYyWD1xDpIUeVkg#Td1MTg9oYyWD1xDpIUeVkgChicken Quesadilla, $7.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=4jhxxs-Oy3AKsb2OUgVu7g#4jhxxs-Oy3AKsb2OUgVu7ghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=qW5JqJFvNQQaL-fkwJrgIw#qW5JqJFvNQQaL-fkwJrgIwCheeseburger w/Fries, $8.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=ozgs0MFIFy15RfimxOVuFw#ozgs0MFIFy15RfimxOVuFw8 Chicken Wings, $8.99http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe-24-7-chandler?select=f-BAPZvrxEZ2NnkkPylpRQ#f-BAPZvrxEZ2NnkkPylpRQThe food is average at best.  Nothing special to write about.  The service is average as well.  We only dine here because it's the only option when the food court and the Italian joint are closed.Return Factor - 50%
4	WOW!!  Best food ever!  Amazing!  Beautiful peaceful patio with lovely waterfall in the middle of it, great service.  I am visiting from Seattle and who would think the cod fish and chips would impress a gal from the seafood kingdom in the Pacific Northwest!  Highly recommend it to visitors AND locals!!
3	Just get the 5lb burger.  They cook it pretty damn good for a 5lbr (ask for it med rare!)
3	10-15mins for the server to acknowledge us, once he got to us we figure we should order right away since we don't know how long it would take for us get our food and drinks, 3mins for drinks and 10mins for food to come.The food was good and server nice but overall I gave it 3 stars because it took so long for the server to even acknowledge us.
1	So I ordered the Nathan sliders as an appetizer. The menu specifically states that you get 6 mini hotdogs with your choice of topping. It lists cheese, relish, mustard and a few other things. I asked our server if it was nacho cheese or shredded cheese. She said either or. As I go to pay the tab says $1.99 for cheese added to our hotdogs. I explain to the check out lady that it was a mistake the menu says includes. She then has to go speak to her manager. She comes back and tells me she cannot remove it, it included a shredded cheese not a nacho cheese. Not only does the menu not state what type of cheese but the server didn't even specify. Most would just roll over because it's only $2 but I was in a feisty mood so I continued to argue. Finally a manager comes over and TELLS me not explains to me why it's an up charge. I TELL her back that it is crap they should be specific and our server said it was fine. 10 minutes later she took the sliders off all together. I wasn't asking for that just the $2 so that is why they get a 1 star. After all that I go to pay and she asks me how everything was....... "Actually it wasn't even that good" was my answer. So more importantly don't eat here because the food is basically terrible.
1	We have eaten here twice now. The food was pretty good the first time though the second time my burger was overcooked on one half while the other half was rare. Both times the service was terrible, especially the second time. Our server spent most of her time talking to other employees, if we even saw her at all. We had to grab another server and wait for her to find our server to get refills on our drinks and order dessert. Once our server finally arrived at the table, the manager came along with her. The manager didn't seem concerned that we were getting poor service and did not apologize, only making sure our drinks were finally refilled and then walked away. I was left with the impression that we were an inconvenience to them. We never finished the dessert as it was very dry and had no flavor. Finally when we mentioned the poor service when we were paying, there were again no apologies or any concern.
4	Well the service can be a challenge from time to time, but for the most part the food has always been on point.  I usually stick to what I like, so for me it's the 8-12 wings with carrots and celery and the wife gets the fish platter.  I really love the tv's everywhere and the display of any drawings that are going on in the casino.
