4	So I admit I looked over my shoulder a bit when I went to this place...it's not an area I'd go to by myself.  But as most eateries go, this little hole in the wall was mighty tasty.A whole rack of baby back ribs is enough for two people and comes with two sides.  They smoke their own ribs and it's definitely evident in the taste.  The ribs were perfectly cooked and juicy with a nice tangy sauce that wasn't too sweet.  Besides ribs, they do brisket, chicken, st. louis ribs, etc.  They added a little brisket for free in with the order so that we could taste it, too.  The brisket was not as good as the ribs, but it had a good flavor.The mexican cornbread is moist and corny with bits of jalapeno in the mix just for a little bite.The corn on the cob...was cobby.The potato salad was cold mashed potatoes with hard boiled egg, peppers, and whatever else.  It looked like someone pre-chewed it for me.   Despite the strange look of it, it wasn't half bad.  I wouldn't call it the best I've had, by any means.The beans...ick.  At least in my opinion.  It just didn't seem to go with the bbq as well.The staff was very informative and the fact that they threw in something for free just so a customer could try it tells me that they are confident in what they do...and it shows in the food.Price wise they aren't cheaper than other bbq restaurants, although they do often have coupons which I wasn't able to find the other night, but I'll definitely look for them next time I go back.Ribliscious!
1	We walked in and thought the place looked poorly kept even though it had only been open a few weeks.Getting past the eww factor, we placed our order, half rack baby back and half rack beef ribs.I know this place isn't ment to be a substitute for a nice rib & steak restaurant, but it is called the rib shack, a specialty shop that should do one thing and do it well.The ribs were tuff, smuthered and drowned in barbecue sauce.My wife took a few bites of both and said she wanted to go.  I didn't want to throw away money so we packed up and left.  I'm sure our dogs were happy.The place is small, hot, & dirty looking.They are a true neighbourhood shop and I would like to wish them success, but I'll never recommend this place nor will we be back.
1	Service was awful, the food wasn't something spectacular our ribs and pulled pork were good, all my sides which were Mac n cheese (way to garlicky! why would Mac n cheese have garlic is beyond me), my green beans had way too much pepper and garlic, my coleslaw was good and the baked beans were cold and not even good. We also got corn bread which was dry and tasted like cardboard and the "pizza cookie" was a joke... Also  word to the wise if you are using a groupon you might not want to stay. We should have left when the counter girl mentioned we had a groupon to the cook. Weird did the mean something? Like make the food bad or something? All in all I will not recommend this place nor will I ever go back. The owners should look into some better service and tasting some of the items before giving them out.
