5	Great yogurt. I really liked the mango topped with strawberries. Taste the green tea as well. Very yummy. ;)
3	I went in the other day and tried the green tea and plain. Both were rather melty straight out of the machine so it was almost all melted by the time I got in the car. I got a small plain w/ mochi, blueberries and strawberries. At first, I only wanted two toppings, but the worker (presumably the owner) said it costs the same for 3... so, that's kinda annoying to HAVE to pay for 3 toppings ($3.95 I think). Whatever. Some of the toppings (the dry stuff and the browned banana slices) didn't look all that appetizing, but the (other) fresh fruits weren't bad. The mochi was a bit soft for my taste.The worker gave me two cards for a buy one get one free offer so I'll probably be back. I'll give them awhile to (hopefully) improve first though. It's relatively close to my house so I really want them to succeed!
2	They use frozen fruit now. The mango (topping) and colored jellies tasted funky. Mochi is still too soft. Froyo melts quicker than normal still. Tasted like it was from a powdered mix. ICK. I don't plan on going back again.
1	This is the worst frozen yogurt place I've ever been to!First, when I first went last summer, they were pretty new.  I thought that was why it was so plain inside.  They also didn't have much to offer.  The frozen yogurt was too tart and then only offered 2 or 3 flavors--none of which I liked.  There was a plain flavor (ick!), mango, and maybe peach or something else strange.  And they put the toppings on themselves.  They barely put anything on there!  Definitely not worth the cost!Oh!!  And because they were new, their website was pretty plain and boring.  However, I must add that it had soooo many grammatical errors.  So unprofessional!  And I see now that their website has nothing on it.  How can you have a business in 2009 and not have a website?I've been in since then and it still is just as bad as then.  The yogurt is disgusting and I would never go here again.  It's disappointing because I don't have any other frozen yogurt places near my house!
