2	A pleasant break from the madness of Las Vegas, the Chuck Jones Experience is worth a quick visit for any fan of vintage animation.The "Experience" is a small walk-through museum featuring a replica of Chuck Jones drawing room and library, some larger-than-life dioramas of famous characters, original sketches and artwork, and a collection of awards, letters and telegrams.  The colors and architectural design make it feel as if you are stepping into your very own cartoon.The exhibit is somewhat hard to find due to minimal signage and the enormity of Circus Circus.  (It is closer to the adventure dome than the circus midway.) Retail vendors at Circus Circus shopping areas tended to be a bit too enthusiastic for my taste as I walked the gauntlet from the parking lot to the exhibit.  At nearly $20 for adults and $15 for kids, I felt the experience was somewhat overpriced, especially for a family.  As a museum that pays tribute to an important animator, the exhibitors would have done better to include more historical information for adults.  As a big fan of animation, I would have appreciated a guidebook, placards, or even QR codes to explain in more detail the stories behind many of the pieces on display. While there were some interactive elements for children, there should have been a few more hands-on elements to hold their interest. It was a treat to see original Bugs Bunny, Road Runner, White Seal and Grinch illustrations, but the Tom and Jerry years were conspicuously absent.
4	Man oh man, it was so exciting going to see Chuck Jones' work. I have probably dedicated half my childhood watching cartoons made by Hanna Barbera, Tex Avery, and Chuck Jones to name a few. For a little recap, Chuck Jones is credited for making Loony Toon cartoons featuring Bugs Bunny, Daffy, Taz, and was the creator of Roadrunner and Wild E. Coyote. Not only was he a great cartoonist but a great fine artist as well. So enuff history lesson! Let's talk about the gallery.Please note the gallery is still relatively new and the curator said there will be much more content added later in the year, which is awesome news.Let me do this in reverse, and start off with the negatives. Because it's still new, there's not a lot of content. In fact, if you breeze right through you could go through the whole gallery in a matter of minutes. Of course if you do that, shame on you! You have to really take it slow and soak in the content. Also, it's in Circus Circus so it's not the best venue ever. Although the gallery is new it's not jaw-droppingly impressive. Jaw-droppingly, that was such a dumb adjective, remind me to revise that later. Anyhow, you get my point (hopefully).Ok, so the good points. Um, everything?! Without spoiling too much, I can say there's a great amount of diverse content that would be entertaining to anyone, regardless of age. It's great to see the early sketches by Chuck Jones, and you can't help but think that these pieces were the foundations of something that would be an American icon. At the time, even Chuck probably did not know how big the Roadrunner or Coyote would become. I mean the Arizona Coyotes' goalkeeper Mike Smith's helmet has a Wild E. Coyote image on it! Oh, not a hockey fan? Google Arizona Wild E. Coyote helmet. Not a fan of the Arizona Coyotes (Go Kings!) but that is one example how big Chuck's creation has become.Great way to start the day. Notice how I said "start" the day, and not "spend" the day, because like I said, you should see everything in less than an hour. Regardless, it's such a charming venue, I would love to go again once they have more content. Whether or not you're a Loony Tunes fan you MUST check it out!
1	I took our family to the Chuck Jones Experience the week of July 5th. It was so disappointing.    The website information makes the exhibit sound very interactive.  It's not.  "children of all ages can explore their artistry and creativity through daily drawing and art project classes led by teaching artists in the Chuck Jones Center for Creativity classroom."There is nothing here that mentions classes/teaching artists are not available at all times.   My kids have better tools to draw with at home.   "Visitors first have an opportunity to learn more about Chuck Jones through a short film presented in a cleverly designed "movie theater."There was no "film", just several character cuts from cartoons and a couple of quotes.   There wasn't enough of an episode to really get a good laugh or understand the humor."From there, the exhibit leads them through Animation Alley into art exhibits not only from the permanent collection of the Chuck Jones Center for Creativity, but also from other animation studios. "Lots of great art work, but no information about any of them.   There was a photo of a  girl on horseback, his daughter?  It would have been nice to know."In the Acme Workshop, located in the center of the exhibit, visitors have the opportunity to work the Foley station where they can contribute sound effects to a film, do voice-over work and learn to ink and paint real animation cels."Foley station worked, but their was no "ink and paint real animation cels.""Through exhibitions of rare, original art from the Archive of the Chuck Jones Center for Creativity, museum-goers will learn about Jones' early childhood and how his talents (and those of his artist-siblings) were nurtured by his parents and how that way of encouraging artistic growth influenced his own methods of creating such world-famous....."There was nothing about his early life or anything about parents or siblings that I saw.There are so many great, personal mementos and so many possibilities. I loved the rules for the Road Runner/Coyote.     I wished I'd looked for cartoons for my children to watch  (Witch Hazel & Monster are two of my favorites) and maybe bought t-shirts.  As it was, I wouldn't consider spending anymore money in the shop.Chuck Jones deserves much better than this.
1	I'm a huge Chuck Jones fan, as this artist and director was behind so many memorable Looney Tunes shorts like "One Froggy Evening" (that introduced us to Michigan J. Frog), the "Rabbit of Seville" (where Elmer Fudd gets a "haircut" he will never forget), and the surreal "Duck Amuck" (where an animator with two long ears and a bushy tail torments Daffy Duck). So the prospect of a museum dedicated to this man and his work, the Chuck Jones Experience at Circus Circus, had me writhing in anticipation from the moment I heard about it.That anticipation dragged on for a few months, as every time a new opening date was announced, it was pushed back a month later, again and again. The Chuck Jones Experience just wasn't ready yet.Unfortunately, now that it finally is in full operation, it still feels unfinished and unready, and my initial excitement has quickly turned into disappointment.The exhibit opens up with a small movie theatre that introduces you to Chuck Jones and his work through a number of film clips that seemed a bit grainy and dithered on the screen they were projected upon. It then leads you into his office where you can get a peek at his desk and peruse the bookshelf and the books that inspired him; this was one of the more interesting parts of the exhibit as I wondered how books like "Cosmos" by Carl Sagan, Francois Truffaut's interviews with "Hitchcock", and several books by Mark Twain might have influenced him throughout his career.The next room explores how some of the more famous characters were designed and the "rules" animators needed to follow to ensure continuity. While there was a lot to see and absorb in this very small room, I started feeling a bit of dread as I was already halfway through this very short exhibit and had barely been in there 10 minutes.The experience continues into one of its larger rooms that features scale models of Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Wile E. Coyote and the Road Runner. While this room offers nothing more than a fun photo opportunity, it will probably be the most appealing to any children you might be dragging along with you, as the room that follows contains more pencil art, some actual scripts, a gallery of paintings, and an impressive wall listing each cartoon Chuck Jones has worked on, which kids will probably stare at for a second and quickly run past.While this gallery tries to cover the whole body of his work -- from early cartoon ideas, to his work on How the Grinch Stole Christmas, to a number of unique oils -- there are no real explanations as to what you are seeing. There are no cards explaining why Chuck Jones chose to parody Van Gogh's self portrait using a bandaged Wile E., when these painting were made, and whether they were created just for fun or commissioned by someone else. They're just there, hanging on the wall, their colorful and vibrant canvases merely an afterthought.The next and final room of the experience might also appeal to children, as it tries to explain how cartoons are inked and painted, and how foley and sound effects are added to the soundtrack.This part of the exhibit could have been a lot more interesting and interactive if it followed the model used by the awesome Sounds Dangerous exhibit at Disney's Hollywood Studios in DisneyWorld, which is not much bigger than this exhibit, but so much better organized. Unfortunately, the foley "stage" was nothing more than a couple of computer workstations (equipped with a microphone, maraca and triangle), one of which was already out of order.Meanwhile, the "ink and paint" station was simply an electronic, on-screen coloring book that allowed you to color in the lines and nothing more, which might only appeal to children three years old and younger. Aside from a working zoetrope machine, this section of the exhibit did not touch upon animation's rich history: how thousands of individual drawings were traced with ink on celluloid, then hand painted, and then photographed one at a time. It fails to offer guests a way to experience that facet of the animation process (either with examples, a short film, or a guide) and appreciate the tools Chuck Jones had available to him in the 1930s, 1940s and 1950s, when some of his best cartoons were made.And that's pretty much the whole tour and "experience". Exit through the gift shop. Eh? What's up with that, doc?While the curators suggested the museum was still in its infancy and will be growing over the next few months, I would have preferred to wait a bit longer, even a whole year, and experienced something grander instead of being so disappointed by its meager content and slapdash atmosphere. Indeed, in its current state, this exhibit might only appeal to die-hard fans or burgeoning cartoonists who might appreciate some of the the scraggly notations Chuck Jones left on a few drawings and documents.As Bugs Bunny might say: "I knew I should have taken that left turn at Albuquerque." Maybe I could have avoided this mess.
2	After leaving the less-than-impressive Adventuredome, a sign on the way out signaled to me that this exhibit was at Circus Circus and open to the public. Anyone who grew up before the '00s is surely familiar with the work of Chuck Jones. Hell, I'm willing to bet many people who don't know the name are still intimately familiar with his projects. Outside the exhibit are some fun "props" seen in his many shorts, like large ACME boxes stuffed with rockets. That kind of stuff. They've also got lots of his artwork (reproduced) adorning the walls all around the entrance. Once inside, there's a very small gallery with moving walls where you can see some rare prints that are available for purchase. Additionally, they've got a gift shop that is loaded with Jones merch, from stuffed animals to coloring books, magnets, salt-and-pepper shakers.... there's plenty. Unfortunately, that was pretty much where our "experience" ended. The tour, which neither woman working the front counter seemed interested in getting us to do, costs $20. I know that may seem like a pittance, but based on prior reviews - and checking it out a little myself - it seems like we'd have been paying $20 a piece to walk through  a maze of art. Now, as much as I like seeing Chuck's work on display there's no way I'm paying $20 just to do so. Maybe $10.
3	USE A GROUPON FOR THIS and don't pay full price, even if you are a die hard Bugs Bunny fan.  Interesting way to kill and hour or so, more if you really want to get deep into it. The collectibles in the gift shop were as interesting as the Experience.  The one thing I did learn was the story behind Michigan J. Frog!
2	Wow!  What a disappointment!  I grew up watching the fantastic cartoons created by Chuck Jones and I was so pleased to read about the Chuck Jones Experience coming to Circus Circus.  I purchased a Groupon and waited for the right day to use it to revel in all that is Chuck Jones.  The trouble is, there's not a lot to revel in.I thought the most interesting part of the exhibit was the video playing as you enter.  It was very interesting looking at the Type A personality of Jones as he drew many of the characters in the poses he wanted them in and then saw some of them come to life.  Interviewing people who worked with Jones was interesting too.  It was a way of learning how the background artist did his job and the parameters he had to observe that Jones set.  After about 15 minutes of watching the video, the benches start to get really hard and you have the need to get up and walk around.It's a small area with many frames of cartoons that Jones drew.  I felt the descriptions of things could have been better done.  Many of the plates were small with 10 point or so lettering and they were not at all helpful at times.I did like the optical illusion of Jones.  When I first glanced that way, I saw his image.  As I got closer, I lost it in my mind's eye.  Then I saw the sign on the wall to look through your camera and there it was again!I understand now why they issued a Groupon, to draw traffic through the exhibit, but it was a Groupon I could have easily passed up had I known.  The best way to honor Jones and enjoy his work is to watch some of his actual work.
1	They ripped this out 3 days ago without so much as a how do you do..Yet they are still selling the groupon...dont buy it, its not there...just went yesterday now i have to wait on groupon for a refund!
