4	I honestly don't know why there aren't any Kohl's stores located in central Phoenix. All their stores are out in the outlying areas of the Valley. Maybe with one of the vacant Mervyn's stores(which I'll miss) they'll open up one in the middle of Phoenix. (hint, hint) Anyway, like someone else mentioned in an earlier review Kohl's seems to ALWAYS be having a sale of some kind or another. Which is good. This store is kind of tucked away...really not easily seen from the street. All the businesses in the parking lot seem to be blocking the store. Once you're inside you'll find a clean and well organized store. ( I have been there before but tonight you could tell it was a little picked over due to the holiday shopping season.) Took my time shopping and really did the entire store. Found a lot of great sales and got a lot of Christmas shopping done. If you have a Kohl's credit card they periodically send you coupons in the mail where you can get extra percent off discounts. My discount was for an extra 15% off but when I went to check out the cashier let me pick a scratch off coupon to try for an even bigger percentage. Of course I picked one for 15% but at least he offered. Thought that was nice. Check out the gold star clearance racks and shelves throughout the store. There are some great deals to be had and then when you add in the extra discounts get some screaming deals. So, I got a bunch of shopping done and a lot of people crossed off my list. I ended up buying a $20 gift card for someone and still walked out with three big bags of stuff for $51.00. If you're looking for some great deals for the Christmas season Kohl's is hard to beat.
4	I've been shopping at Kohls on and off for years now.  For whatever reason, the Kohl's here are scattered throughout the valley, and its a bit of a drive for me to get to one.  This one is my "go to" location when I need to get my Kohl's on.Anyways, they have a full selection of mens and womens clothes, home goods like towels, cookware, jewerly and other stuff as well. I shop here for clothes, and today I was on the hunt for some new jeans here....and I got some on sale! score!Kohls has a nice selection of stuff and at pretty decent prices...I prefer to get stuff on sale here myself, and its usually worth the savings.  I find that I love their selection of pants for work, and have a nice variety of sizes, brands, colors and styles to choose from.   I do find that sometimes the tops are touch and go here.  I've bought a few tops here in the past and they've always shrunk on me....like after 2 washes.  They shrunk so much that I was unable to wear them any longer.  It's not to say that ALL thier tops are like this, but its something thats happened to me enough that I hesitate before I buy.Anyways, Kohls is pretty cool, just wish they had more central/better located stores then where they have them at now, but aside from that....Kohls rules!
4	I always like Kohl's. We get in and get out. Most of the time they have what I am looking for. Sometimes the Dockers (pants) section is picked over as there must be only a few sizes for us guys that are 6'3" and taller. They always give us another coupon for $10 more dollars off on the next visit. That along with the 20% scratcher at the register saved us money on the things we really needed.
3	This was one of my stops during my virgin Black Friday shopping spree. It was packed and the lines were crazy long, but that was to be expected. The staff did a fabulous job keeping things moving and customers happy. I got what I wanted and will be back next week to spend the Kohl's cash I earned.
4	Whenever I buy new clothes i come here first. They have great styles, great selection, and great prices. Always check out the bargain rack first - last black friday I got three shirts for $1 each!
5	You can't really go wrong when shopping at Kohl's! I always come in here whenever I need a new outfit or just want to do a little shopping and especially for gifts! I love Kohl's during the holidays! Everything is always on sale (Biggest sale ever! Biggest sale of the season! Best sale in the world!) That's what I love about Kohl's!
4	Sooo, anyone that knows me knows I am not a "Kohl's shopper"- nothing personal, I'm just a Nordy's girl at heart...i.just.am. (much like will.i.am? lol)Anyway, I was given a gift card and found myself in the store for MAYBE the 2nd or third time in my 30+ years. Oy. I will admit, I went in with less enthusiasm than being sentenced to watching golf. Face scrunched, I moseyed around the home section (passed by clothing- I am frugal and I like a good deal, but I am APPALLED that Vera Wang, Rock & Republic, and --what?! tell me this isn't true?!?-- Derek Lam have decided this route?)....Aside from being a Nordy girl, I'm also a Pottery Barn/West Elm/Crate & Barrel- girl too. And, if i wanted discount JCP is right down the street and their home stuff rocks.Nothing in bath ($50 Simply Vera bath math-$40 for her name. Its not that great), nothing in Home Decor, and I have WAY too many kitchen goodies.I settled on three home diffusers- smells amazing :) - and my waffle/pancake mix I normally get at Williams Sonoma for double the price. Score- 28 cents under my limit and am I a true shopper or what? ;p Anyway, the real reason I gave this 4 stars and not 3 is the customer service and checkout experience. You're greeted right away upon entering the store, people continually check back (not in an annoying way) and the cashier was so nice and cordial. As a retail professional for over a decade, THIS makes or breaks where I choose to shop. I may not make Kohl's my first choice, but should they send me coupons (I AM the coupon queen), I may return for some Bobby Flay BBQ goodies or something. Not bad- and now my house smells amazing in every room :)
5	my return was E-S-A-Y! predictable and affordable. the place I go to make this lizard look sharp. that Kohl's cash thing is a shame and a scam!
5	Best Kohl's ever! The first day I came to Arizona my mom needed some jeans to wear because it was a bit chiller than we thought it would be. We found a great deal. The employees are nice and the store is always clean. Great awesome deals.
2	The store was recently remodeled but the most annoying thing about Kohl's is when you go to check out with your new purchases is the constant up upselling getting the Kohl's card and I was asked probably about 4 times while checking out do you want to go to Kohl's card get it with an extra 10 percent off well that's fantastic except the APR on this card is about 30 percent plus all the hidden fees makes it a terrible choice to go with.
4	I love Kohls, whenever people get me gift cards I try to get them to Kohls.  I love the Kohls cash, especially when my mom goes shopping online, she just emails them to me, plus all the percentages off make you feel like you are getting a great deal.  HOWEVER, the thing I hate about Kohls is the fact that they raise some of their prices for a big sale to make people feel like they are getting a GREAT deal.   Luckily I keep up with the prices and shop around to see who offer the same things for cheaper.This Kohls is usually kept pretty clean, and the employees are friendly, even the ones that tend to space out.
3	Kohl's is Alright. My husband ALWAYS find something when he goes, me on the other hand it can be a hit-or-miss experience. I really like the layout of this Kohl's all the departments seem to nicely flow into one another. The service is always friendly her as well, I literally get asked like three times if I'm finding everything alright. The parking is always easy unlike going to mall and the restrooms are clean.  My only advice would be to NEVER buy anything full price here because they always discount or clearance their items; not to mention they send $10 gift coupons in the mail on a regular as well. Happy shopping!
4	I love Kohls. I don't even live near this one anymore, and still go out of my way to come here. OK, fine, usually on my break at work or before / after an appointment at my docs nearby. Easy and plentiful parking. Fantastic home goods selection (for the love of God keep me out of the cookware section, haha)! Occasionally will find some great threads here, too.Love that they carry Lauren Conrad's line here (always some great apparel, plus cute jewelry), Apt 9 and Rock and Republic. So thankful that the Apt 9 / R&R denim, career pants fit me well. Many power athletes will lament the "smaller in the waist, giant in the quads + butt = pant shopping is HELL!" dilemma and it's rare I've had to take either brand to a tailor. Recently got out of here with three tops and a new pair of jeans for under $35! Active wear selection and pricing is decent if you're a Nike fan.Spend $50, get Kohl's cash. Haven't and won't open a Kohls credit card, but it seems like there's plenty of benefits if you shop here a lot. Well organized, clean store, friendly employees and excellent customer service. Will continue coming back.
5	I love this store! Customer service is always excellent and the prices are incredible!
4	I enjoy shopping at Kohl's especially when there are the sales with the 30% discounts on top of the sale prices. If you do have a credit card most associates will give an extra 15% off even without a coupon. I bought an awesome mattress topper that was over $400 other places and with all my discounts I bought it for $80. Just have to watch for the sales and never buy anything full price!
5	I have been redecorating my house, and have been making purchases in the housewares department.  I have purchased towels, and just got a shower curtain. I was able to get the shower curtain for $6.  It was regularly $30.  I had a $20 coupon from my towel purchase + a 15% discount.  Really? The colors of the shower curtain caught my eye and it matches the colors that I wanted.  Kohls can have some excellent deals, especially when you continue to shop there and get bonus coupons.  There is always some kind of deal where you can something for almost nothing. I continue to shop there.
