5	I've been awaiting a great eatery to replace the now defunct Chandler BBQ Company, and the wait was worth it.I've had both the meat tortellini with bolognese and the marscapone with butternut squash ravioli, both made from scratch, both delightful.  I have huge expectations for their artichoke parmesan.  The restaurant does have a Facebook page when you can come and get a little extra info.  It's quaint and cute on the inside (seats 16) and they have a nice sized outdoor patio with ample seating, for al fresco dining.The chef, Carlo, is friendly and excited for you to try his creations.  They have a chalkboard menu behind the counter, where you'll place your order, and a deli case with meats, cheeses and olives... soon to include desserts.They offer hot and cold sandwiches, salads, pasta (with your choice of six sauces), and a few side dishes.  The beverage options include a fountain station.Stop by for lunch or dinner.  Stay for the ambiance or get it to-go!
5	Stopped in for dinner after work. Everyone working was friendly and told me all about the menu and their favorite options. I decided to go with the butternut squash ravioli with brown butter sage sauce, a meatball and a house salad. The house salad is just spring mix lettuce and balsamic dressing, which was good, but expected a little more Than just lettuce for $3. Now even though I didn't notice they forgot my meatball until home, The ravioli made up for it!(And they give you a big serving!) Absolutely delicious, you can tell everything is homemade, including the pasta. And the butter sauce was a perfect addition. it was all services with fresh garlic bread, and hit the spot perfectly! I will definitely be coming back! Hoping to try that meatball next time!! if you are thinking about it, GO! You won't be disappointed.UPDATE- i went back for more deliciousness and that elusive meatball. I met Emilie while there, she apologized for the forgotten meatball and gave me a half meatball sandwich on the house, and it was incredible. One of the best meatball sandwiches I've had! Made on homemade baguette, it didn't get soggy, the sauce was wonderful and meatballs delicious. Now that's how you get return customers! Like I said before, you need to go!
5	The steak sandwich was awesome.   They cooked it exactly how I liked it.  The bread was crusty and I asked that they make it into garlic bread.   They said no problem.   They couldn't be more accommodating with changing up their menu to adjust to different tastes.  Very nice staff.
5	"Ravioli, ravioli, give me the formuoli!"It was a beautiful Friday morning when the Lunch Bunch assembled and got some delicious steamy food.  Being the Duke of the new and cozy Carlo & Emilie's, Brett B. had planned this outing for us.  After browsing the menu, I decided on ordering the mascarpone cheese and butternut squashed filled ravioli in the browned butter sauce.  That first bite was a surprise!  I had ordered it thinking it would be a nice savory dish and instead, sweetness was the first thing I tasted.  The browned butter sauce had sage and sugar so it felt like I was eating little pillows with pumpkin pie-esque filling.  It's not exactly a bad thing but it was definitely unexpected.  I feel like I can say I had dessert for lunch.  The garlic bread included was super flavorful.  Bread is made fresh daily and they even sell loaves [and they sell out fast].  Everything was homemade and made with love.At 11:30am, the quaint little place filled up fast and we sat in the outdoor patio to enjoy the nice, brisk, December air.  They have patio heaters set out so don't let it deter you away if you want to enjoy a nice dinner outdoors while staying toasty.  We also got to speak with the owners Carlo and Emilie and they're absolutely adorable and charming.  I wish them all the best in their new business!
5	Ordered the sopressata and prosciutto sandwich on baguette.Overall good, if not great, sandwich.  Only down side was the bread.  To be fair it was a very good bread but...the top was way too crispy/crunchy.  This in turn made it very hard to bite through without scratching up the top of my mouth.  There are other bread choices so I think I'll try one of them next time.As far as price for what you get I found it to be very reasonable.If you're familiar with DeFalcos you'll like this place.  Menu isn't as large but the quality is certainly equal.
5	Love this place! They have the best sandwiches and they have the best gluten free bread! Great service and great atmosphere! Highly recommend!
