5	The store is a wall to wall display of the latest comics and graphic novel releases.  They also have a selection of character figurines and memorabilia.  Parking in the lot next to it is easy and they have a bike rack out front.  This is probably one of the nicest comic book shops I've ever been in.These guys also organize the annual Heroes Convention in June which is a cornucopia of comic books, manga/anime, movies and so much more.
4	This is very well kept and friendly little store.  They have an impressive selection of comics and graphic novels.  A true comic geeks' paradise, it has plenty of figurines and collectibles to keep anyone busy.  It doesn't have the largest selection of manga I've seen, but for a small store they do pretty well.  But this is definitely one to check out, you may just find a new obsession.
5	There is every kind of comic book genre imaginable in this place.  Including the entire Akira series, which is amazing.  The staff is helpful, funny, and really into geek stuff.  It isn't hard for a collector to drop a hundred dollars in just one visit, because there are so many gems here.  The establishment is well organized, and I will most likely come back.
5	From about age 8 to 24, I voraciously bought and read comics weekly.  14 years later, I decided to buy a comic book collection for a great deal on eBay to see what was going on with some of my favorite characters.  Well...that did it.  I was hooked again.  I then wanted to see what was going on with other favorite characters, so I bought up sets of their comics on eBay as well.  Naturally, once I got to the end of the set I bought, I had to find out what happens next.  Thus, I entered the world of Heroes Aren't Hard to Find.  I hadn't stepped foot in a comic book store in over a decade, and now I realized why, as the store sucked me in.  Before I knew it, I had a stack of comics in my hand, was handing over my credit card, and was signing up for them to pull and save new comics for me when they come in.  The good thing is that now that I do that, I get a 10% discount off new comics.  So, yes, I'm going to stick with it because I love to visit my read about my favorite characters and what's going on in their lives.  The store is very clean and organized.  The staff at Heroes has been fantastic, too.  I used to see Phil or Rusty all the time and now I most often see Shawn, who is incredibly helpful.  The staff always recognize me and remembers my name, which is amazing to me considering how many people probably go in there.  I'm SO bad with names that I find it impressive when others can do so well with them.  That's quality customer service.
5	I'm not a comic book person, but I have fun every time I go in this store. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, just like comic book geeks should be. I really like this location, as it's near the SubStation and Crisp, which are awesome places for lunch. It's a great stop for a longish lunch break. Get a yummy sandwich or salad, and then make your way into Heroes for a few minutes of geeky fun. I also recommend bringing a bonafide geek with you, as it will be much more fun to enjoy his or her pleasure.
4	Who knew that Charlotte would have some of the biggest and well-stocked comic book stores, I've ever seen?Heroes is well-located, with a floor layout that makes sense. Open, inviting, bright and cheery, with a friendly staff that is neither too geeky or cool.  Massive amounts of comics, a smaller collection of figures; you can peruse until your heart's content.I'm not a hardcore comic book fan, but I love checking them out.  What I enjoy about Heroes is that it's environment that is welcoming to both intense enthusiasts and also passerbys.
2	This place is ok. The people who work there are amazing though. They love what they do and they enjoy helping you. They have a great comic book selection however, I wish they carried more toys. Sadly, this placed is owned by a guy who only cares about profit and not customer service. Kind of a jerk.
4	Heroes is the Most spacious and "prettiest" of the comic shops in Charlotte. The staff is helpful and will let you roam to your hearts content. On the other side of the coin... I have found the prices on some rare items and variant comics to be slightly inflated. non the less. This is a great place to shop.
5	Great place with fantastic selection (from kids stuff to mature fare) and really helpful staff.  One of my favorite places to go at lunch to escape work world for a bit.  Head to substation then Heroes before going back to the grind.....My kids love going to Heroes too, and I like the fact the place is welcoming to a 5 year old as well as a 40 year old.
5	What can you say? This is a seriously huge, seriously gorgeous, seriously well staffed comic book store. I hate doing the whole "compared to big cities" thing to stuff in ze CLT but seriously... any sized metropolis would be lucky to call Heroes its own.On top of running this awesome place, the dudes organize the yearly ComicCon, which, like Heroes, is huge, awesome, and popular. And relatively inexpensive. And surprisingly well attended by comic (both indie and non-indie) artists and fans. I love you Heroes.
4	Heroes is a comic person's heaven.  I'm not into comics, but I learned about this strange world very quickly when my hero, Alice Cooper, launched three comic books in the mid-90s to coincide with his album "The Last Temptation."  I was in school at Appalachian State U at the time - no one in Boone had Alice's comic books when they each came out.  I called Heroes in Charlotte, told them what I wanted and where I was coming from, and they held it for me while I drove the two hours down from Boone.  (Yes, I am an insane Alice Cooper fan.)  One of those three comic books is now inscribed to me and autographed by Alice, and is one of my most treasured possessions.  A big thank you to Heroes for putting up with someone who was only into the strange world of comics for three issues.
5	My husband, who is a huge comic book geek, loves this place. He always brings his out of state friends to it. I have only heard good things about it- and from very particular comic book geeks. It has a great vibe.
5	The employees are the nicest people in the world - they are nerdy in the very best meaning of the word!  They go out of their way to help you.  They have every comic book, graphic novel, etc., etc. you'd be looking for.  And they sponsor HeroesCon every June, which is the coolest event with tons of comic book authors in attendance.  You can go dressed like your favorite superhero and you will be welcome like family.  I saw someone dressed like Catwoman and she put Michelle Pfeiffer to shame - purr!  While you're here, check out VisArt Video and Ho Ho Cherry House for amazing Chinese food - both right next door.  Flame on!!
2	Best place in Charlotte for comics, hands down. Sadly, not the best place to go for a friendly staff. Condescending tones and mockery of things I asked for/was inquiring about are not a good way to get return business! :( I'll buy online before I go in here again.
5	Want to know how awesome Heroes is? I've never spent a penny in the store, but Phil knows my name and asks me about how my job is every time I'm in the store. Now that's service!Not that he doesn't see me most Wednesdays, which comic book fans the world over know is the day the new comics come out. And while I'm not much for superheroes, my boyfriend is, so I've gotten used to his Wednesday night errands. Before moving to Charlotte, it was a trip I dreaded and usually promises of beer and pizza were required to get me to set foot in the creepy, dingy store he used to visit. Not so with Heroes. I'm more than happy to tag along, read the latest Creative Loafing and follow the shopping trip with a salad from Crisp. That's right. It only takes a salad bribe to get me into Heroes. It's that good.
3	This store is beautiful to look at but seemed more geared to true enthusiasts and adult readers than someone hoping to get started.  The two employees weren't much help, and were a little cold.  I asked for assistance, and felt like I was disturbing them.  My son was looking for Doctor Who merchandise and they were not much help.  It is a beautiful, very well laid out store, but we go to Rebel Base for what we need now.
5	Pretty great comicbook store. They offer some books as well as some collectable items.Overall I was just trying to kill some time and reminiscence of my childhood reading comics... but I ended up getting a new comic while in there.The cashier knew a lot about the particular comic I chose and we had a nice conversation before I left.
5	I wandered into Heroes Aren't Hard to Find after observing their Comic Book Club discussing the mini-series Daytripper while in Sunflour Bakery. They have a great selection, friendly staff and great prices for past issues  (for old XMen, Spiderman, etc comics).I spent quite a while browsing and felt like I was my teenage self again- burying my nose into the most recent New Mutants comic. Oh Heroes, I'll be back soon!
5	After stopping in a couple more times to get my fix of Walking Dead and Fables comics, the owner has started to recognize me by face and name. I've had random nerd sessions with other regulars and staff alike geeking about zombies, Stan Lee and the comics to movies phenomena. I've also started to learn about the "indie" comic culture.If it wasn't for the fact I can't leave this store without an arm full of new comics, I don't think I'd ever leave.
5	Just getting back into reading comics again and it has been an easy transition with this store in town. It's a very polished up comic book shop and I love it! Have yet to go into the store and not gotten into a good discussion about anything from NPR, the Walking Dead to Edward Abbey. So, yah I've never been ignored here. To boot they always are really cool with my niece's rolling into their store. Most comic books stores cringe at the idea of 4 yr olds coming in looking through the comics. If you like fun, you'll like Heroes!
3	Heroes Aren't Hard To Find is an fairly large store in Charlotte.  I drove an hour out of my way to see the place, and it was ok.  I feel as like the back issue selection could be a little bit better.  Also, it is the type of store where older stuff which may have once been in vogue disappears.  I have been to many stores in many states, and this tends to be a sad norm in about 2/3 of the stores.  I would definitely call ahead before visiting,
5	This is a Great Place!  Great Escape!  Frank Miller's: Sin City, Dark Knight, Daredevil, 300 and Hard Boiled!  Graphic Novels, Comics and a great staff, who are always friendly and willing to give me an education!
4	I'm not a fan of comic books but man this place is LOADED with choices. And compared to almost every comic book store I've seen so far it looks better and has so much more stuff. They also have a small section of Japanese manga in the back too. Friendly staff too. I would recommend this for any comic aficionado.
3	I will admit, I am being somewhat unfair and biased here.  For the so called 2nd biggest comic book shop in the USA, I was not at all impressed.  The indie stuff that could be found was a) few and far between, and b) the stuff you wouldn't want to read anyway.  Extremely limited toy collection.  Almost no clothes.  Certain ongoing series were entirely missing.  There was a lot wrong with this place... (not to mention the guy pointed out to me that the checkout hadn't been updated to the modern standard.... but that was no big issue to me)What made me not give this place a 2 or even 1 star flop rating was the level of cleanliness and friendliness demonstrated in this place.  I would say that this is the most "professional" comic book shop I have ever been in; almost office like.  The charm of most comic shops consists of the fact that they are a bit grungy and cluttered; this place was pristine, and it worked.The collection of trades was AMAZING.  That also saved this place.  I have never seen so many in any of the stores I've been in (including both comic shops and big name book stores.)The parking/location weren't very accessible, and it felt out of place for a comic "community".... but it did feel somewhat.... appropriate.... inside of the store.  This isn't my kind of thing at all, but for introducing a more business class/forward community of individuals to comics, this place works.
5	About a year ago I got back into comic books.  I haven't read many since I was a kid but I've still followed many storylines and happenings.  When I decided I wanted to give it a go again, I remembered this place from when I was a kid.  Now, I come back every week (sometimes a couple times a week) to pick up the new issue of whatever I'm reading at the time and maybe pick up some back issues.  They have a great selection out on the floor and there's a good possibility that if you're looking for something that you don't see, they'll have it in their archives.  Great place to hang out and meet some other comic fans.  Great place to get advice on what's a good new read.  Great place to make new friends.
2	PRO = This place is nice and polished.  Lots of statues and busts (which I like) nicely displayed.  Very organized.CON = Staff is nice enough but nothing that really makes you feel welcome.  Prices are retail - and in some cases higher.  MY EXPERIENCE = I identified several pieces I wanted (about $300.00 worth) but was told there were no quantity discounts.  Now, they are under no obligation to give me a  discount...but with the other competition in town, ON-LINE AVAILIBILITY of items, and Heroes charging retail plus tax, there was NO UPSIDE to me buying there...so I left.  While they certainly do not need my business to stay afloat, they did lose a significant sale and future business from me.  I ended up with a much better experience at a local competitor where I got a discount and great service...and I'll continue shopping there.  ENDGAME = It's a great place to look around but buy somewhere else...you'll save a lot of money over time.  These small shops are facing more and more on-line competition via Amazon, ebay, and other small shops smart enough to offer incentives to buy from them.
4	Personally I think it's too clean I like my comic book stores covered in boxes in action figures and piles of awesomeness like rebel base
5	This local little treat is truly a diamond but the 'rough' around it is just as unique and lovely.  Do Not let the size of this place fool you there are walls upon walls of books just out of your eye line.  I came there looking for a 'I went to Charlotte and I love you gift" I however left with only stuff for me.  I Most enjoyed how clean the establishment was and how well organized and neat everything was in the boxes.  Many comic shops I have been to were very dirty and dim more like a cave, not this one.  Their action figures and models seemed freshly dusted and cleaned, the floors vacuumed and clutter free.  The man who helped me I think his name was Dave, was VERY knowledgeable, kind, and charming.  Their Overall selection was not as vast as some I had been to however the quality was much much higher than others so totally worth it.  If theres one place to get comcs in charlotte its Heroes :D
3	THE GOOD:Great selection.  I am an avid collector of statues and some comics.  You  need something, they can order it for you.  The people that work there really care about people and their customers.  Their knowledge is insane.  Located next to a Starbucks, this neighborhood comic book shop packs a punch.  THE BAD:Not a fan of the owner.  He can be rude.
5	New to Town so I was looking for a new local comic shop.  I met the owner as soon as I walked in the door, set up a pull list super quick and even got a discount on my first purchase.  This store is super nice, very clean and organized so I can see why it was so busy.  I can't wait to pick up this weeks books.
4	This is easily the best comic shop around.  I may be biased because I've been going here since I was a teenager but they are pretty great.  The staff is friendly and will explain things to the non-initiated and they have a good selection of statues, toys and other merchandise.  Check them out.
5	Great shop. Very open layout and friendly staff. Sometimes parking can be difficult though as it is a small shared lot.
5	I have been going to Heroes since I was a little kid.. They have been in 3 locations over this time period. It's the premier comic store in NC. They have literally every comic ever printed. Highly recommend.
5	This is a great comic shop. It is family friendly and usually has some kind of event going on every so many months. They are very loyal to their customers and provide a wide variety of comics to choose from. If you have any questions they're happy to help and if you're looking for suggestions they usually have a good one! The only drawback is the parking; because of it's popularity it gets a little crowded.
