4	Can't beat their Tuesday night cheese pizza special.
4	My dad used to take me to sardellas after going to the dentist. Always good memories here. In glad to see they are be arching out. And the pizza is good too!
4	Great atmosphere. Great Staff.  The food is excellent.I enjoy the water feature inside the restaurant, and the music they play over the speakers is positive and encouraging music.
4	Good wings.  A person who worked there recommended the Gold Fever sauce.  I must say I was not disappointed.  It was spicy, yet tasty...  two things I like when I eat wings.  Too bad I don't live closer or else this would be a good place to go when I have a wing fix.
3	Mostly good but often we ask for 'naked' wings and they are overcooked. This happens even after asking them not to.
1	While the staff was very nice, the food was terrible.  Too much flavorless sauce, too much cheese (which is quite a feat), and the dough tasted worse than my elementary school's cardboard pizza boxes...
4	Tough call with the 4 or 5 star rating.  Let me explain.I would give this Sardella's a five star rating due to my most recent experience.  Every year my family goes to this Sardella's to celebrate my wife's and my birthday with our immediate family (parents, brothers, sisters...) and there is usually enough room somewhere to fit a party of around 10-12.  They are very accomodating.  This recent trip we were enjoying our pizza and wings when one of the employees brings us an order of their cinna-bread which apparently they made in error so they simply gave it to us on the house.  We were very gracious as we were just finishing up the pizza and wings and had not ordered a dessert.  One bite of this cinna-bread said it all.  It was over the top, doughy, sugar laden, cinnamon sprinkled, crisscrossed icing heaven.  The entire family was overwhelmed with its taste in a good way.  Let's just say I recommend it.  I give the four star because I simply can't give 5 for one experience but if there were a 4.5, I would solidly put it there.  The pizza is always good and the wings NEVER disappoint.  The people who work there are great and I have never had a bad experience with the service.  Ingredients are fresh as pizza joints go and I have been told by my family that the salads are fresh and tasty.  I have no clue because who eats salad at a pizza place like this?!  Great food and family times.Where is that 4.5 star rating?!
5	Chicken Pomodora,Best item on the menu !!!No matter what part of town, the Consistency is Incredible.Mixed it in with their web deal off of FACEBOOK ,https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sardellas-Pizza-Wings/308665297989?ref=ts&fref=tsGreat Food & beer delivery = Mon Nite Football
1	On a whim, my son wanted us to stop by since this is "the pizza place of choice" for his school.  In two words "IT SUCKED" The worst pizza I have ever had. Why won't YELP allow fo no stars?   It was dry, so thin, had no sauce and was overcooked. We like our pizza on the "rare" (whiter cheese) side not burnt with big air pillows of nothing.  This is Sardellas.I should have swung by the grocery store and picked up a TOMBSTONE pizza or Costco to get a better pizza.  Not even on a drunk night would I go to this place.  Worse than Dominos and Pizza Hut.  If you are that hungry, go up the road to Burger King.Even with all the coupons we had, it still wasn't worth it.  Thankfully my kid gets it for free at his school so we don't have to visit this place;  but one has to wonder if getting this pizza is a reward for him or a punishment?
4	You can't go wrong with bread, cheese and sauce in most places.  It's definitely not the best I've ever had, but everyone has their own preferred style of pizza.  Being from jersey, I like thin pizza with the air pockets and homemade sauce.  This is not that... But the place is clean, people are nice,  service was fast and it still asked great!
4	Great pizza!  Just wish they were a bit thinner.  Love the people there.
2	Pizza and wings were okay but I ordered the special last night (Sunday night football opener) so it was very busy.  I expected to have to wait but they said to pick it up in 15 minutes but I came in and waited almost an hour.  I got frustrated but at least the game was on TV.  The place is nice inside but the ranch is not home made and the wings were average at best.  I am just not a big fan of Sardellas but I wanted to give them another chance last night.
3	Mostly good but often we ask for 'naked' wings and they are overcooked. This happens even after asking them not to.
2	This used to be a favorite of mine till they raised the price of their wings. They're now $9.50 for 10 wings, and they're small baby wings often with broken bones in them. The pizza is more reasonably priced, and has a good tasting sauce, but it is a little thick on the dough. At one time Sardella's had a reputation for being a great pizza/wing restaurant, but the food quality has plummeted while the prices keep going up.
5	We are the "luxury nails bar" right next to sardellas and all the times that we have ordered from them, their staffs are extremely friendly, they provide excellent customer service, the food is always ready on time and delicious, we are happy to have them as our neighbor
5	This place cares.  not only did I screw up my order; I got two calls to confirm - one from the office and the other from the driver.  These people are patient and I love that the menu continue to grow.  Keep up the good work!
5	I went with my cousins, my lil bro, my aunt and my mom. We got amazing service. It's hard to find a place to take four high energy boys where we can get great service, good food, and a great value too. I got a deal that included a large pizza and chicken wings. The pizza dough was well proofed with cheesy goodness and tasty sausage. The pizza isn't fancy or fusion. It tastes like good American pizza, the kind the ninja turtles would stop fighting the shredder over. And the wings were so tasty. And the were all wings and no drums, which any wing enthusiast would say are the best because they are most moist with more meat on them. And the ranch sauce was good too. I would normally save a five star for a restaurant that likes to push the culinary limits, but this place knows what they are doing and they are doing it great.
5	We always get the pizza and wings when visiting this establishment.  Great wings and crispy pizza.  When your here try the pizza fries, they are awesome
2	I use to be a BIG Sardella  fan and the staff is always wonderful.. I ordered 4 pizzas for two growing boys.  When I got home from work there was 3  1/2 pizzas left.. I could not believe they would send pizza out looking the way they did.. Hardly no cheese and the cheese was burnt again.. I was told a while back they had a problem with their ovens.  I guess they are still broken.  Sorry I will not be coming back too many strikes.:(
5	Yummy!!!great wings and pizza. Prices are very wallet friendly . Customer services rocks!! And the deliver beer!!!
5	Yummy!!! They have great wings and pizza. Prices are very wallet friendly . Customer service rocks!! And they deliver beer!!! ;)
5	Went to sardellas for the first time since, I was new to the area and was presently surprised. When I walked in I was greeted by a younger gentleman named Matt who gave me great descriptions of different types if pizza and even sold me on the wings which are my new favorite! Great customer service along with short waiting time for the food must go an try for your self!
3	I didn't try the wings but I tried the Chicken they made at the "Check Please Festival" and it was moist, tasty and better than a lot of what I tried at that festival. If Sardella's can make decent chicken at a "Festival" there is no excuse for the dry tasteless chicken I had at other places.We ordered a Thin what they call New York Style and a Hand Tossed Pomodoro. They offer 4 styles of crust in addition to the Thin and Hand Tossed they offer Thick and Gluten Free Wheat.I do have to say the toppings on the Pomodoro are DELICIOUS! The Pomodoro is topped with Garlicy Tomatoes, Basil, Italian Seasoning, Cheeses and sauce. The crust is very mild and soft almost like a soft roll. it might be Arizona style crust because much of the bread out here is like that. The Thin Pizza what they call New York Style would be better if they didn't call it New York Style because it's not like a "real New York." My Thin Pizza was very thin as they promised. The crust was very thin and didn't fall apart from the toppings.  The ends were crispy and had an almost a fried dough taste. The sauce seemed above average.Prices are very family friendly and Service is Quick.
5	This place is just plain awesome! I've been here many times and every time the customer service is top notch. I can't say that of many restaurants. I've never had an issue or had an employee serve me that wasn't in a good mood with great service. I just had the Pomodoro pizza for the first time as one of the pizzas for a party I just had and it was the best pizza I've ate there. Try that for sure if you like cheese and garlic.Delivery has been on time every order.Keep up the great work!
5	I absolutely looooove this place!! The food is not just great but they always have the best deals going on. My family and I love their buffalo wings! We go here all the time and can't get enough of it! Way to go Sardella's!! We will be long time customers!
2	Sardella's does a pretty decent pizza and with the location it's convenient to stop in an pick one up on the way home. That's about as good as it gets. It's like rolling the dice when you order from here. You ask for blue cheese with your wings you get ranch. You order a pizza without an ingredient you are allergic to, you might get the ingredient anyway. And honestly, how hard is it to cut a pizza. I don't think I've ever been to a pizza place that has cut a pizza in a way that there were little triangle pieces in the middle. Not just once, but 3 times. Today was the last straw, I truly saw what was behind this locations issues. I spoke to a guy behind the counter that appeared to be running the store about my last pizza that was supposed to be half works, but ended up less than a third covered with toppings. His feed back was "yeah?', 'Have you ever tried to make a pizza?'. Are you kidding me? I told him I was only trying to bring it to his attention and he continued on with 'Listen, I have to feed 100 people/hour'. That's a great attitude and clearly shows that Quality Assurance is NOT Sardella's primary objective. Take it for what it is, I've been coming to this location on just about a weekly basis but I can confidently say that I can only put up with so much.
1	We ordered pizza for the first time tonight. We ordered the 2 large for $19.99. This was the most disgusting pizza we have ever had. It took over an hour to be delivered and when it got here, we were appalled. The crust is frozen dough, the sauce and cheese had no taste what so ever and the crust, even the well done one was raw inside. This was worse than frozen pizza. And the mushrooms on the "well done" pizza were from a can. Disgusting. Our first and last time.
