5	From my personal experiences here, I would recommend the service at Benny's to anyone.I called around to a couple of Auto shops in Tempe to get a quote on a transmission change and an oil change.  Most places, besides Richard from Benny's Auto Repair and Chris from Mile Auto Repair, were negative sounding over the telephone.  However, Richard from Benny's Auto Repair and Chris from Mile Auto Repair, were friendly and went out of their way to check on the required fluids for my desired services and gave me a price quote.  I ended up going with Benny's because the quote was $20 cheaper than Mile Auto Repair...which isn't too much of a difference.  Especially since one Auto shop in town gave me a total quote of $252!Anyway, Benny's got me in the next day and showed excellent customer service throughout my whole interaction with them.  I received a transmission change and an oil change for exactly $100.85.  That is a great deal!Check out Benny's if you can!  I will be taking my business in the future to them!
5	I walked into Benny's needing some significant work done to the brakes.  I was broke and in need of a break.  Benny and his family didn't know me at all.  They cut me the break of a lifetime and helped me out BIG TIME.  I have been there several times over the past 3 years and have pointed my friends in their direction.  I trust them more than any mechanic...and most people, I've ever known.  Their prices are cheap and they're good people.
5	Honest family shop that always does right by his customers. I have sent numerous friends to his shop and have never heard a bad word.
5	This is the second time I went to Benny's. They are honest, down to earth people and provided excellent service.The first time I went there to get my car door handle replaced. The second time it was my car brakes that was squeaking and needed fixing. Pep boys gave me a hefty $250 quote  for something they inspected visually and did not know the actual reason. Their 'standard' protocol is to replace brakes and perform lathing - platinum package they said.Benny's inspected for free and said that it was just brake dust that collected and needed cleaning. Everything else was fine. For $25 the simple problem was fixed.I would definitely go to Benny's in the future and recommend to anyone who is looking for honest and quality service in auto repair.
4	Based on a friend's recommendation, We had our 14 year old Honda, Lady Grey, towed to Benny's on Saturday for our 9:30 AM appointment.  We prayed all the way that the repair cost would be low. She had steam coming out from under the hood and the engine light came on once again.  We were freaked out cause she's had some costly repairs done for the past year or so.  And we've exhausted our savings trying to keep her on the road.  After all, she is a Honda and we know she'll go the distance.   We dropped her off being hopeful from all the reviews we've heard and by noon,  Richard called with good news.  She was fixed and the cost...a whopping $85.   And mind you, they close at 12 on Saturdays.  Talk about great and speedy service at the right price.  I'm relieved to know places like this exist.
5	I got help from this shop back in 8/2014 and  i had a serious problem with my rack and pinion it had broken completely off from my frame. I job like this coast @ least $1k and i called around to many shops.  Benny gave me a great price and allow me to bring in my own part. I would recommend his shop to my family and friends !!!!
5	I went in yesterday, scheduled a time to drop my car off and was able to pick it up 40 minutes later. It's a very convenient and easy to find location in Tempe and owners are reliable and efficient. no hard selling but honest recommendations and very reasonable costs. I've definitely found my mechanic in town!
