5	Gent's is a new and exciting boxing gym in the peoria area! I recently became a member and I love it there.  Gent's has only been open for a few months and it seems that the number of members is steadily increasing.  It's filled with easy-going, fun guys and girls who are engaged in each other's dedication to being healthy and commitment to hone their boxing skills.  The facility is great.  It's spacious and there's a variety of boxing and fitness equipement that are all new: free weights, exercise machines, different types of bags, conditioning equipment, and a boxing ring.   Also, this place is quite inexpensive compared to other boxing clubs.  Only $60/month!Like i said, the people are great.  There's definitely a sense of camaraderie, including the owner/trainer, Johnny.  I've had the chance to train closely with him.  He's an experienced boxer who is very knowledgable about the sport and is really passionate about this lifestyle and this establishment.  I highly recommend for people to come in and experience what Gent's has to offer!
5	Went here for a group class and it was great! They have a ton of bags for people to use, with different styles of bags, a rope and ladder area and the boxing ring!Check it out and see if it is for you, I sure did get a good workout out of it!Would definitely recommend.
5	This is great place to workout and learning boxing in clean, safe and comfortable environment. Tons of bags and equipment, plenty of space to work on a variety of different activities and located right near Arrowhead Mall. I started in august '12 and soon cancelled my membership to LA Fitness and wife joined in October, can't say enough good things about the place and very reasonably priced with no membership fee or contracts.
5	I have had such an amazing first month at Gents Boxing! I LOVE IT!!!!I took a class here a while ago and I just fell in love, I hate working out, but I had such a great time at the class that I had to come back again and agin!Both Johnny and Chet are patient coaches and they really help you learn the proper technique. They have created a warn environmenta for everyone to train, no matter your fitness level. The other people that attend their classes are so down to earth and welcoming. It feels like home. I love it - try it out soon!
5	I just recently started working out here and I absolutely love it. This is not a, scream in your face, testosterone driven boxing club. Everyone is like family, the staff remembers everyones names and the workouts are intense! You get a good mixture of boxing technique and a hard workout! I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone.
5	As a middle-aged guy with some weight to lose who is desiring a shape other than round, I have tried many gyms.  Prior to going to Gent's I purchased a Groupon for another boxing gym within two blocks.  The other facility was cramped and impersonal.  I really enjoyed the boxing as it sure beats a treadmill and has much fewer injuries than cross-fit, so I Googled additional boxing gyms (as you will not easily find Gents on a major street).  I came across Gents and am sold.  You WILL NOT find another gym with the camaraderie and amenities as this gym.  I felt welcomed the first day and most of the people there know me by name.  The trainers at Gents are seriously invested in your success and desire true results!  You will not have any of the silly "drill sergeant" antics that some of the other "gyms" have.  Instead, you will find a very caring environment with ultimate technique and safety in mind.  The classes consist of a full-body workout involving punching bags, circuit training, cardio and resistance training.  The best part is that no two classes are the same.  They mix it up to keep you from becoming bored.  You will not get a better workout in one hour.  The times of the classes are convenient.  The class sizes range from 2-20, with an average size of about 8 which is very manageable.  I have started incorporating weight training into my routine and they have a fully stocked weight training area comparable to most good gyms.  While you would expect a boxing gym to be mostly hard core, intimidating and full of meatheads.  Gents is certainly not that type of gym.  The members have all types of physiques and fitness levels.  I brought my wife and kids with me the second session and they all love it and are now members!  I have been at Gents for 4 months and it still motivates me to go and "enjoy" my workout.  Additionally, there are no contracts and the membership fee is 50% lower than others I looked into.  Do yourself a favor and check out Gents if you are looking for a upscale gym experience that is enjoyable and physically beneficial.  After my first month, I lost 3% body fat and increased my muscle mass by 9 pounds.  My doctor was impressed as am I.
