1	Comcast is one of the worst companies out there. I just canceled my service because I'm moving and was told that I'd be paying a cancellation fee. When signing up for the service I was very explicitly told this would not be the case if I was moving. Comcast will lie to you to get their way. Awful company full of awful, useless people. The internet service might work fine, but the customer service is horrible and the company should be closed due to their shady practices.AVOID comcast at all costs!
1	THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE WORST SERVICE YOU CAN USE.  Prices keep going up and service keeps going down.  Email, internet, TV service are all crap.  Customer service is almost non-existent.  HEY COMCASTt!!  GET YOUR ACT TOGETHER!!!It took me a while to get on line to do this review because Comcast/Xfinity is so damn slow.  High Speed Internet?  Yeah, right.  Click and wait . . . and wait . . . and wait.  And then there is the cable service.  Is there some reason I have to have several hundred useless channels just so that I can get the NFL Network?  Surely technology has made it possible for them to give us only what we want.  This company needs some competition in the area other than the poor excuses for TV service that are currently competing with it.  Tell these people you're tired of their tiers.10/9/12Hey!  Comcast!!  Instead of redesigning your home page, why not put the effort into improving service?  Email has been uber-slow and the DVR, On Demand, and Guide features of my cable TV have been on and off for days.  Shows recorded have been interrupted and chunks omitted.  A new home page is NOT compensation.  I'd send you an email about all this but my email has been "loading" for the last 15 minutes!!10/16/12The saga continues.  Comcast/Xfinity continues to provide terrible service.  Snail slow email is part of the problem.  Forget about cable TV.  Just about every show I have recorded had been interrupted and is saved in two parts with a gap where the interruption came, omitting key parts of the show.  When I look at what I have scheduled to record, I get page after page of "To Be Announced."  Same with the Guide on many days.  This is service?  Anyone else having these problems?  Will they give us a rebate for interrupted service?  No, they expect the full month's fee.  Comcast sucks.  Period.  And they don't give a damn about improving their service.By the way, I tried to sign on to my email 45 minutes ago and it is still "Loading"!!10/18/12Comcast responded to my complaints about the DVR and recording issues and completely missed the point.  They simplyy sent instructions on how to set up recordings and manage my DVR.  I am already doing that.  They did not address the reason for the listings constantly showing "To Be Announced."  For this we pay outrageous fees?10/21/12Had to get a new box for cable TV.  90 minute service call as he explored my crawl space and made adjustments.  Also resolved the Internet speed, or so I thought.  That little "loading" circle has been spinning for 20 minutes now and still no access to email.  Ridiculous.9/2/14The email reminders that usually came from my calendar stopped coming weeks ago.  I did a chat with a technician and he was unable to fix the problem.  All my setting are correct for getting those reminders but they still do not come.  I completed the survey after my experience and told them the problem.  Still nothing was done.  I submitted another complaint about the matter and again nothing was done.  Comcast has us by the short and curlies and they know it.  They don't give a rat's ass about service because they know they are the only game in town.  All they care about is getting your money.  Their arrogance is unsurpassed.  Their ads about fast Internet service and all the rest of their claims are pure crap.  This is the model for companies who couldn't care less about customers.
1	I am not suprised to see other very bad reviews for Comcast.  They are shady and unreliable.  My problem is that I live in an area that has no other options for internet service...so I am stuck.  I also have comcast digital voice, because I get bad cell service.  However, every month that part of my bill is different...usually more expensive.  I intend to cancel it because they cannot even tell me why it changes.  Now onto the staff in the Urbana office.  They are the worst bunch of customer service representatives that I have ever seen.  They are slow, unfriendly and usually just flat out rude.  Last time I was in there the lady just kept complaining and saying how she needed a nap.  She repeatedly yawned in my face while I was trying to explain what I needed from them.  If you have ever been in there you know who I am talking about.  The whole staff is so terrible.  If you have any other option for internet/cable service go for it.  Because comcast is bad in every way.
1	Horrible service. They sent someone to fix our internet because it wasn't working,  and they said there was no problem and that we aren't "technically" guaranteed the wifi internet speed that we pay for and that they couldn't do anything to help us. Our internet still sucks as does Comcast.
1	Comcast is such an awful company. Horrible customer service and cable internet service. I'm currently getting 1.5Mbps download and 0.5Mbps upload.For the last two weeks, my cable internet has been slow to the point where I can barely stream a video on Youtube. I haven't had this issue beforehand. I called a week or so ago and they scheduled for a technician to come Sunday during a time-slot. They came before 15 minutes before their time-slot when I was barely out of bed and yelled upstairs to me that they fixed the issue and left. However, they did not fix anything. The internet ended up being even slower than before...I've tried calling the customer service number three times and have not been able to get in contact with an actual rep yet. Once I was disconnected after holding for 20 minutes, the last time I was on the line for an hour listening to their god awful waiting tune without any results. No one picked up.COMCAST SUCKS!!!!
1	Worst of worst of worst of worst customer services ever.  Monopoly ISP here in champaign. I always pay my bill in time and I'm definitely a good customer. I chatted with a rep today and argued with him about the incorrect pricing info.  Before we came up to any resolution He shut my Internet down. WTFWTFWTFI would like to give a Negative five star if it's an option.
1	Xfinity is one of the buggiest systems I have experienced.  These are just a few examples that are at least weekly, and closer to daily.  The box announcing that a station selection has been switched to HD because of preference settings remains on screen, cannot be removed with the exit button or any other button, and the system has to be shut down and restarted.  The entire service needs rebooting every few days, and can take five minutes.   The program guide is so filled with station logos and search options, that simply scrolling down the programs easily overloads the system, causing either incomplete or hard to read information to appear, or the whole system to freeze.  The simple act of entering a station number via the remote is three times slower than the regular Comcast system, in part because entering a station number also initiates other searches.  And the remote is far more sensitive to distance from the box or direction in which it is pointed.  These are just a few of the bugs most often experienced.  True, Xfinity has capabilities not found in the earlier system, but unless you desperately want all of them, this is a terrible trade off for speed and reliability of simply catching some TV shows.  I have the system at no charge through a promotion, but will cancel it as soon as the penalty-for-cancellation period has expired,.
