4	4.25- this is mostly credited to the group that was performing here.Friday nite, we get into Vegas, what should we do?  Why don't we go out?  Great, but where?  Well for us, that question lead us to the Red Rock Casino.  We were staying with a friend who lived North of the strip, and figured it was a bit late for us to try and get in to any of the more popular hot spots.  This turned out to be a great exp.As we walked around the RR, we were impressed with how new, and classy this place appeared to be.  This was surprising to us, because most of the casinos we had seen off the strip were abit dingy and seedy.  We were going to go to Cherry's nightclub, when we heard music coming from Rock's Lounge.   The band was called Zowie Bowie, and they were awesome.Zowie Bowie was something we had never seen before.  They were a band, but they  performed Hip Hop, R & B, and rap songs.  What's more was that they were surprisingly good.  They transitioned from Snoop Dogg to Danity Kane, to Akon.  It was like the place had a dj, only it was a band.  My wife and I really enjoyed their show, and spent most of the nite "getting our groove on."  The party started to wind down around 3am, but overall, we really liked the place (especially the band).  The crowd was a fair mix of mid 20's up to the early 40's.  As long as Zowie Bowie is playing, we would definitely come back.
4	We stopped in twice while we stayed at Red Rocks and found the Rocks Lounge to be a nice place to kill some time.  The bartenders were really cool and made some amazing margaritas and bloody mary's.   And the prices were right...2 bloody mary's and a Bud were $15...compare that to the Voodoo Lounge, where 2 vodka cranberries and 2 Buds were $39!.  Whoa!
1	If you pay to go to a concert there you are a absolute moron.  I went to a blues concert there.  Tickets were 20 bucks, by the time you buy one there was 14 bucks of junk fees on top of it.  WTF!  Then nobody that works there knows where to pick up the tickets in the casino, then once you enter rocks lounge, there are zero seats!  So any ladies wearing heels are screwed.  You can also watch the same concert I payed to see for FREE just by standing right outside the lounge!!  Red rock you owe me.
5	I wasn't there to see a show, just to kill some time playing video poker and have a cocktail or two.  The bartender (I think her name was Jackie?) treated me as though I was a much loved regular instead of just another stupid tourist.  With stellar service like that, I wish I could be a regular!!  Great job Rocks Lounge- I'll be back every time I'm in town.
3	We've gone to Rocks Lounge twice to see Franky Perez.  In you haven't heard of Franky Perez, he's this talented, local who has a show here (Saturday night) and at Palms (Sunday night).  My friend took me to the Palms to see him first.  I absolutely loved him!  My husband and I have made a point of going to Rocks Lounge to see him.  There's something missing about this lounge.  I'm pretty sure it's the acoustics.  Everything still sounds good but it doesn't sound as great as at the Palms.  As far as everything else goes...no complaints.  Fast drink service, friendly waitresses, average drink prices.  I'm sure we'll make our way back here to see him so long as he continues to perform on Saturday nights.
4	Full bar, good music, near restaurants in a safe environment to party.
3	For those nights when you feel like doing some people watching in Summerlin, this is a good spot.  I prefer to sit on the inside of the bar, facing out towards the casino.If you get there early enough, you may bear witness to a natural phenomenon:  the retirees slowly transform into a younger, more vivacious crowd as night falls.  The transition actually occurs in stages of generational movement.  The patrons begin gray, then just a touch of gray or a little obvious "Just for Men" treatment.  Then the aging continues to reverse until the 20-30 something larvae emerge!  Sometimes, if you're lucky, you get to see the rare, yet magnificent, silverback adorned in an embroidered affliction shirt!  Douchebaggery knows no age!Either way, it's a pretty good bar to be an observer.  Unfortunately, 2 out of the 3 bartenders didn't know how to make a whiskey old fashioned sweet.  The first gal gave it a try.  It was meh...the 2nd guy muddled 3 maraschino cherries in the glass and poured some of the syrup in the drink.  He thought that "sweet" meant I wanted it extra sweet.  I had to explain that it means I didn't want a whiskey old fashioned sour.  I think he was older than me.  Maybe he's new to bartending.  Luckily, the 3rd guy, Kelly, knew what he was doing.  Thank goodness.  I may have ordered an insulin shot back if they screwed it up again.This was a tough rating for me.  I actually had a good time people watching, and free Zowie Bowie show was pretty cool.  I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have paid cover to see them.  The poor bartending skills killed it for me though.  I would go back, but when I'm at Red Rock, I usually find myself over at Onyx bar, enjoying a nice bourbon, and avoiding the crowd all together.
5	John Kelly Veronica Greg you guys rock we always know were gonna have a good time at rocks....and if you disagree its because your there when we're not if I'm not working or staying walking distance from home this is where we be! Love it...the cabana club pool rocks to but this is my spot. Although it's not necessarily inexpensive you get a drink that's worth the cost! Unless you order drinks not top shelf or drink beer (cuz i dont here but i love beer) then i dont know...and with that being said TIP your bartenders don't be cheap they deserve it!
4	Best Strawberry Vodka Lemonade.
4	Every Saturday, the Peelers perform at 11pm. As for cover bands they are entertaining. Not only do they span all genres, but they do mash ups as well. The crowd is older, but the atmosphere is fun. Drinks are not crazy expensive and certain bartenders make it worth the price. Most drinks will run you $8 for a basic alcohol plus mixer combo. Finding a seat is difficult because they fill up quickly. Getting there early is not a big deal since the band is good. They were thoroughly entertaining.
