5	I was visiting AZ from CA and stopped for lunch at Pita Island.  WOW!  What a pleasant surprise!  The restaurant is airy and well-lit.  There is a waterfall that adds to the environment.  Check out the original Italian stone columns that must be seveal hundred years old!  The murals add to the "island" theme.  It is a very pleasant place to enjoy the delicous food.THE FOOD WAS EXCEPTIONALLY DELICIOUS!  I ordered some appetizers which were done to perfection.  The spices in the humus were blended well.  The falafels were especially delicious.  I had the gyro plate as my main course.  The meat was seasoned and cooked to perfection!  I have eaten at many gyro restaurants in my travels, but the food at Pita Island is the best I have ever experienced.  I will come back to this restaurant on all my trips to Phoenix.
4	I was excited to see a pita spot open on this end of town.  I finally got a chance to stop in and was pleasantly surprised.  I just ordered a Gyro pita, but here's what I loved about it:  1) The gyro meat is all lamb.  No mixture of lamb and beef like a lot of places do.  2)  The gyro meat is thinly sliced.  3)  The pita is soft and the tzatziki has a nice flavor.I gotta say, I think this place may have usurped my current favorite gyro place.  The gyro meat on the pita was plentiful, although I could've used more than just the half slice of tomato that came on it.  Also, I would've loved more tzatziki sauce, but that's really a matter of personal preference, and had I been dining in I'm sure they would've been happy to accommodate me if I'd asked for a little more.I hope this place does well and is able to thrive!
5	Best restaurant serving Middle Eastern food in this part of town.We have frequently dined at Cafe Mix and at Bellagio's in the neighborhood. Of the two, we preferred Cafe Mix but decided to give this new restaurant a try.We are so glad we did.The restaurant has been almost empty the two times we've eaten there.  This worries me, because I wonder how the owner can stay in business with so few customers. He needs to do some serious marketing to get the neighborhood residents to become aware of the existence of this restaurant. Both times we visited we were alone or with only one other table occupied.The food was excellent on both occasions. On the first trip, we had the hummus appetizer, a gyros pita roll, and something called a "chicken steak" pita roll. I learned that "chicken steak" is probably equivalent to plain seasoned grilled chicken breast--no idea where that term comes from. But it was delicious, tender, juicy, and plentiful. The rolls were served inside hot, grilled pita.On the second visit, we had falafel pita, gyros meat on Greek salad, and beef skewers in pita. Again, all were fresh, delicious, good portions, and served by a nice waiter who came back to check on us a couple of times.They had plenty of outdoor seating which might be pleasant now that the weather is starting to cool off. No waiter service--you order at the counter, get your own drinks, and they bring your food to the table when the order is ready. The restaurant appeared spotlessly clean.We are delighted to have this restaurant in our neighborhood and hope that it will succeed. It's our new favorite Middle Eastern restaurant and we feel comfortable giving them our highest endorsement. It's better, in our opinion, than either Cafe Mix or Bellagio.
2	Stopped in here for lunch bc it's right around the corner from my work and I was really looking forward to it. The waitress was very nice. I asked what the chicken steak consisted of bc I don't like deep fried/heavy things for lunch. Turns out it's just seasoned chicken so that's what I ordered. The pita itself was good, the chicken wasn't seasoned evenly. The first couple bites I could taste some of the seasoning and after that it was really bland same thing with the tzatziki sauce. I was very disappointed. I could have paid the same amount, been even closer to work AND had an amazing lunch if I had just went to Cafe Mix.
5	I love this place the food is always great and super fresh. I think what differentiates this place from the others is their pita bread is so fresh it's almost crispy.  The customer service is awesome as well I will definitely go back.
5	I've been in a few times. Someone has always been friendly and helpful. Sometimes the food just tastes better when you feel welcomed. The food has always been fresh and hot. Even my picky kids love it. This place is about as good as it gets for  Mediterranean type food. I'll continue to come back.
5	This place is the best! I usually never looked pita places before until I tried The Pita island. The food was excellent the service is great, and the staff is awesome. I sent everyone I work with over to try this place because it's that good!
