2	This place is awful.Its a dirty, souless and smelly old man pub that has no atmosphere and the clientele are all old, grumpy and mostly drunk men who would do anything to avoid human contact. The lights are too bright, exposing the stains and other odd marks all around the place and the toilets are disgusting and windowless. Generally awful.However, this place has one redeeming feature. It holds an open mic night that draws in new customers, mostly students who would never venture into here any other day of the week. The talent is usually good, and with a better atmosphere this place doesnt seem so bad - the drinks are also well priced. Shame that it cant be like that all the time.
3	McEwan's Ale House is your typical average pub.  Located in the Newington area of Edinburgh, it ought to attract a lot of students because of its close proximity to the University halls of residence.  However, whenever I have been into McEwan's, it has either been pretty empty or full of old men.  It is a standard old man pub.  McEwan's is not much to look at from the outside, nor is it that appealing inside either as the carpet is quite sticky and the chairs are full of stains.  The saving grace of McEwan's is the open mic night they hold which is generally guaranteed to be a good night, with mostly good acts performing.  McEwan's also has a full bar and the drinks are very reasonably priced.  The pub also serves the traditional pub food and snacks and has a TV showing sporting events.
2	"Let's get a drink!" "Ok!""Um...where?""Next door!""Yes, go!"So went the general conversation at Kampong Ah Lee after our yelp get-together meal. All hailing from completely different parts of the city, we just wanted somewhere close that sold drink, and you can't get anywhere much closer than next door.I have to admit I wouldn't have normally stopped in here, or gone out of my way to. It's an old man pub, which I think attracts mainly said old men and students. There were lots of students, huddled around tables eating lots of packets of chocolate biscuits with their pints. Awh, bless.But the bar staff were friendly, easy going and didn't mind a crowd of us around the bar despite that there were ample free seats. The tv screens are obviously an appeal as almost every man I spoke to (Chris M, Jurgen D, Joe A, Andrew...I'm looking at you all!) got that distracted, distant-look of "ooo shiney moving things on a flat screen" look more than once.There's a lot of old man boozer's on Nicholson Street. This was 8pm on a Tuesday evening. It was pleasant enough, I think mainly down to the company. It wasn't my cup of tea, but I didn't experience anything particularly terrible here. Although I didn't use the toilets or stay past 9pm...
2	This is the definition of an old mans pub - wouldn't say it's the best example - I happen to love the genre, but this one didn't stand out for me. Upon walking through the door, my ex-smoker nostrils went onto high alert as the scent of old nicotine-stained furniture hit me. Not 100% sure that the ban has completely seeped through here. To be honest, the other folk in the pub looked like they lived here, unlike the bunch of yelpers that had trouped through the door minutes before. Drinks options were a little limited, but there were some interesting options on draft and the bar staff seemed pretty relaxed and friendly. I was also entertained by the policeman hunting through the bar for what I believed to be a potential Al Capone, but failed - I did think he was possibly tempted by a tipple on his way through but nay, he was true to his uniform. I stayed, I drank a beer, probably shall not return.
3	Women eeh!! {see reviews below} - this is a pub, it shows sport, serves beer, pork scratching and scampi fries!Like a well known brand it does what it says on the tin! Would I go back with a mixed group of friends - probably not! Would I go back for a pint and to watch the footy to avoid having to hear 'Tarquin' saying its just not cricket.... - yes!No ayres and graces, no non-sense, friendly staff! Seems fair to me.
3	A workmate needed cash and this was the nearest pub to the cash machine, so with a little trepidation we ventured forth...I make no apologies for this, I have a soft spot for the "old man pub" it is a dying breed which for a reason I am about to explain rarely lets me down. Consider this; a certain type of "Grumpy old man" TM tends to value service, price and decent booze, these folk have a lifetime of drinking behind them (and given their natural anti-sociableness and the cheapness of drinking at home they are still choosing to come out) so if they think a place is ok then odds are it likely is.The Ale House is a decent place either to get a beer/ale or a core (gin, vodka, rum and whisky) spirit. Sure it is no frills and I likely wouldn't want to eat here but they keep a decent array of spirits and actually know a bit about keeping ale. It is a middle of the road bar, serving a purpose and actually to my surprise I may just stop back in.
3	I used to live accross the road from this place around 2000'ish and I never ventured in as it always seemed like Newingtons equivilent of a wild west bar. Moving on a decade or so and with a slightlty different name and some nicer additions to the spirits and beer offerings its somewhere I am happy to head along to of an evening without fear of something mad happening these days. The staff here are really friendly and always engage in conversation, which gives the place a homely atmosphere at times. As stated in previous reviews this is dfinately an old mans pub, so expect minimal fuss in terms of decor, grumpy old men (including myself in this, not old per say but definately getting grumpier and older :D ), resonable food and good prices for drinks. They have lots of pub style events happening through out the week, check their FB page. I really enjoyed the open mic night here a few weeks back. If your passing then its actually a reasonable place to pop in for a quick inexpensive beer with no frills.
3	I'm going to attempt a twisted metaphor in my review, pitching The Ale House as the Gregg's sausage roll of pubs. A hostelry that performs its role admirably, yet apparently has few pretensions towards fashion or changing tastes. As you descend the rickety stairs to the toilets there's something a bit dirty about the whole experience, with greasy graffiti adorning the walls. But if this is what you were looking for, an instant hit of gratification, you'll find few better examples.The beers on offer are standard fare, with a guest ale or two on tap. During the festival at least there's a mixed clientele of young and old, but I'm sure The Ale House is welcoming enough at any time of year.
