5	Wow!  This is a fantastic restaurant with REAL ingredients made fresh!  I never thought I'd find something this good in a growing neighborhood.  The service is fantastic to top it off.  I couldn't believe they actually make their own cheese for their pizzas and calzones...fantastico!
5	Cant say anything but great things about this place. I am new to AZ and was driving around looking at things and came across this little place, after deciding to stop and give it a try i must say this is the best place to eat i have found in the 4 weeks iv been here. the food is amazing, the service is stupendous, and my 8 year old loved watching them make the food through the plexi glass they have in front of the kitchen and stove area. We have been looking for a new restaurant for family dinner night and i think we have a winner.
3	Out in Verrado, the options are limited, very very limited when it comes to  dining (actually when it comes to just about anything).  We dined at Grazie while visiting a friend who moved to East LA (aka Verrado).The setting/ambiance and location all were very pretty, serene and sweet.  The service was pretty slow considering there weren't that many people in the restaurant but not terribly bad. The food was just another boutique pizza experience.  We order the Piata Misto (assorted Italian cured meats and cheeses)-- I've had better, the quality wasn't that great and the cheese came in all these itty bitty cubes.  then we ordered about 5 different pizzas, they were good, not great.    The dessert though made me want to do cartwheels, it was the Dolce Della Casa and I want to eat one of these everyday for the rest of my life. So, would I eat at Grazie regularly? No.  Would I eat it if I were out in Verrado again?  Yes.
1	SERIOUSLY?  I wish I can say something nice about this place??? hmmm thinking........ thinking........Nope!  Sorry but I wish I can say that this place is good.  Horrible, horrible experiences. (Note:  I never rate a restaurant on the first visit, I rate on the second and third visits because there is always a bad day)We visited this place on a busy Saturday and were waiting to be seated.  There was staff that continually would walk by yet no one would offer help or let you know they would seat you.  Finally we are seated and we end up waiting even longer for a server to approach the table.  There was other tables with people that were having the same problem.  We ordered appetizers and they took over 35 minutes to come.  When the food arrived it was burned and the bruschetta looked like charcoal,  it was so ashy and you couldn't even eat it.  The servers was so lousy that our drinks needed refills and she would walk by multiple times and not even check in.  The people next to us had a very similiar situation and finally we got up and I walked over to speak to a manager.  I began speaking to an older man who apparently was the owner.  I was glad that I would be able to give him feedback hoping he would empathize and be understanding of our experience.  Instead he said " am busy right now and I don't have time to talk."  I looked at him amazed and I said fine then I am not paying you for your ashy bread and crappy service.  He looked at me and turned his back.  I decided to come back to this place.  It is the only restaurant in Verrado so after a golf game we came by and I decided to clear my head and give this place another shot.  They seated me allot faster because it was dead.  I figured, great at least this time the server should be okay since multitasking would not be necessary.  She brings us glasses of water and right when I was going to take my fist drink, I noticed a big pink lipstick print on my glass!  I put my head down and just took a deep breath.  I asked politely for another glass.  At this point I waited again because either it was the only glass in the restaurant or the server was to busy doing nothing.  We order a cheese plate (forgive me for not remembering) and when it comes I seriously just fell off my chair.  They bring over a large plate with what looked like someone emptying a bag of cut bits of cheese into a plate.  There wasn't a difference in the cheeses and seriously I never have seen a cheese plate like that.   They serve them with "breadsticks" aka cheap wrapped sticks for your soup.  I couldn't even eat 10% of the plate because there was so much cheese.      On to the Entree (yes I stayed)I ordered a pizza with ham.  The sauce was bad, the ham was very dry and tasted rather sour.  I suppose for the price I expected better but this place is just lost.  I honestly have never had such a bad experience at a restaurant or fast food like Grazie.   Next time I am in the middle of nowhere I will starve! No Thank you
4	I had a great time at Grazie in Verrado on Saturday night with a large group: me and my husband, two other couples, four 4-year-olds and one 2-year old. You couldn't miss us.We opted for the outdoor seating, which was very nice under the misters at 6 PM. We had a nice view of a small park area, and while the six adults and 2-year-old sat at one table, the 4-year-olds got their own table right behind us. We had a bottle of a great red wine - the Amarone 2003 Corte Giara. I'm a fan of bold, red wines, but my friend who was there who is more of a white wine person also really liked this wine. My husband and I split the Insalta della Casa - baby greens with tomatoes, cucumbers, olives and red peppers, and we had the creamy gorgonzola dressing. Yum. We also shared a pizza - the Vegetariana. I can't believe I got my pepperoni-only-eating husband to go for this, and it was really great: mozzarella (made in house), provolone, carmelized onions, roasted peppers, and parmigiano reggiano.The kids split their own pizza: a basic cheese pizza with pepperoni on one side. The pizza reminded us of Cibo (which also reminds us of pizza in Italy). The crust is thin but slightly chewy. Next time, I want to go back without the kids for the wine-tasting events that they do. I believe the events are the first Sunday of the month, and you get to try 6 or 7 wines (and a friend told me you get more than just a "taste" - practically a full glass) plus a course to match each wine. It's a great way to familiarize yourself with the food and wine menu, and it's only $40 a person. There are locations in Old Town Scottsdale and DC Ranch, so if Verrado is way out of the way for you, you can try one of the other locations.But .. the great thing about Grazie in Verrado is two doors down there is a coffee shop that serves gelato. So, after the kids ran around in the fountain (yeah, um, that's what happens when the dads are in charge of the kids while the moms pay), we walked over to get some yummy gelato.
5	My husband took me here on a Friday night ...after hearing good things about it from coworkers.We sat on the patio which had plenty of misters and overlooked a park, it was a very relaxing environment.Our server, Carla, was as cute as could be and was so nice the entire evening. She was one of the most attentive servers that I have had in a long time. She was so genuine and really added to the experience that we had here...thank you Carla !!!We ordered a bottle of red wine that the husband picked, I am not sure what it was but it was damn good ($23 for the bottle). As an appetizer we had the Piatto Misto, which was an assortment of Italian meats, cheeses, olives , and breadsticks ($14) and this is definetly enough for 2-3 people. The meats were excellent and the cheese was tasty also. My only recommendation would be for them to not cut the cheese into tiny little cubes...that was odd because the meat was sliced and you could not incorporate it very well.For dinner we shared a pizza.. The Sofia..it had Scamorza (Smoked Mozzarella),Parma Prosciutto,Parmigiano Reggiano ($13). It was ooh soo tasty. We could not eat the whole thing...there was like 3 pieces that we ended up having boxed up.Then we had dessert.....I am still in heaven just thinking about this dessert. It was the Dolce Della Casa...Slightly Charred Sweet Calzonefilled with Chocolate Hazelnut Sauce and Banana topped with Vanilla Ice Cream...OOOOOhhh my God. This was by far the best dessert that I have had in a while. It was so gratifying...I had goosebumps after the first bite. I would recommend ordering a small and sharing it because it was huge ($7). I can die a happy woman after that dessert...and if this was a first date ...that would have been a guarantee for sex !!! The community here in Verrado was absolutely amazing, I wish I would have known about this neighborhood before I bought my house in Goodyear. If you live nearby I would recommend checking this place out and spending time looking around the  neighborhood.
4	Great pizza and nice location. I know that most people do not go to Verrado unless they live there or want to pretend that they are in Desperate Housewives. Grazie's is a great place to go for food and atmosphere. Take a drive and get some good pizza.
5	Nothing but goodness. Excellent pizza and fantastic service. Had appetizer, pizza and desert...all were just great. Love the atmosphere as well. Very clean. No crying babies either when I was there, FANTASTIC.
1	I normally don't write a bad review but I read somewhere that someone compared this place to Pizzeria Bianco so I had to try it since I live out near Verado. My wife didn't want pizza so she ordered the filet mignon and it wasn't cooked right and it wasn't even the right cut of meat. (granted you probably shouldn't order steak at a pizza joint right) I on the other hand went with what they should be good at, pizza. My pizza was awefull. Very very little olive oil and a cracker for the dough. Wjen we were seated they boasted having alot of imported Italian wine I asked for some none iodized salt.  They didn't have it! I know that may seem stupid but if you know how to cook or  eat good food then you know what I'm talking about. Now the "new" owner was nice enough to give us a discount for my wifes completely over cooked steak so we may give it a second chance but not unless I have a coupon. P.S. If waiting for two hours for good pizza isn't your thing, then drive alittle northwest of Bianco and go to Cibo. Almost never a wait and still really good pizza pie! Sorry about the lengthy review. Hope I help some of you save your money and not make the same mistake I did.
5	I love this place!!! I just dined here recently, after not visiting for a year (I live down the street from it) and the food tastes just as delicious and divine as ever. The portions are huge, so me and 2 friends shared an appetizer, salad and pizza and left extremely full and happy! Since it had been a year since my last visit, the service staff was all new, but they  were all as nice and friendly as ever. The food was delivered quickly and tasted incredible. And our waitress was attentive. What I really love about this place is their wine selection. I love white wines and especially Italian white wines. I don't know what it is, but my palette loves Italian wines. I've never had a bad Italian wine. ;) So it's great to have a wide selection of Italians to choose from here just right down the street.I highly recommend the following dishes: Appetizer - Bruschette Miste (An assortment of Bruscheette. I espicially love the olive/pesto one. Spicy and flavorful!!!!)SaladEmiliana - The best salad on earth! And I hated salads before, until I ate this one. I try to recreate it at home, but with no luck. Grazie makes the best. The dressing is just a little sweet, but it works well with the red onions, pine nuts and HUGE chunks of Parmesan. Together it's an explosion of flavor in your mouth.Pizza Vegetariana (add sausage and ricotta) - I always order the same pizza the same way. The Vegetariana alone is also delicious, with its sweet roasted peppers and flavorful cheeses. But I love ricotta and sausage, so I always add it to this order to make it the best pizza ever. Just writing this is making me crave it.Dessert Pannacotta - I literally dream of this dessert. It is heaven on earth! Every dessert on their menu is really good, but this is by far the best dessert I have ever had. It's basically a creme brulee, without the crusty egg hardened top. But it tastes so much better. It's like silk in your mouth and tastes so divine. And the portion is so huge, but its still not nearly enough!In a nutshell, I love this place and highly recommend it!
5	I live in Verrado so maybe I am biased, but I think this is a great place. I am vegan so I especially appreciate that they have a vegan (non-cheese) pizza on the menu. That being said, they will happily accommodate any other pizza on their menu, minus the cheese or meat. I also have had the insalata which is great as well, and also vegan. I like the atmosphere here a lot in the evenings -- nice comfortable, but energetic music...a very hip and modern place that is worth the drive (or walk!).
5	Very friendly service and a great dining experience.   Wr sat outside which was very nice.   The pizza was probably a 3 or 4 star but the service and atmosphere makes up the difference.  And a plus,  they serve Coke products.  And there are not too mancy choices in Verado.
4	This is a great pizza place. My wife has been to their East Valley location and knows the owners very well. We have been to their new location out in Verado a few times, and its been very good each time we have gone. Its currently being run by their daughter, who we are getting to know as well. Its nice that this place serves a traditional more authentic european pizza, and its family run.
4	Wonderful staff and wonderful food!  The place isn't too big so super large groups might be a problem.  I had a great date night with the hubby and would definitely go back.
3	Dropped in with my family for a NYE dinner purely out of convenience (i was staying down the street from the restaurant). Didn't have high expectations but it wasn't too bad. Decided to order a salad, pizza, and two specialty dishes to share with my family of four and the portions were alright. If you have a huge appetite... this place might leave you hungry.One bad thing was that the server knew we were sharing and he let us order the manicotti and eggplant dish which were virtually identical outside of the texture. I guess I can't really blame him since I was the one ordering but it felt like we ordered the same dish.... twice. They were also overly salty which made the similarities even more apparent.Anyway, the service wasn't that great but I give them the benefit of the doubt for it was new years eve and it was pretty crazy in there. Maybe I'll stop by there again when I come visit my parents but if you're not in the area (which you probably won't be unless you're visiting someone that lives in verrado or playing golf at raven), there's really no reason for you to come to this restaurant. But then... there aren't many good restaurants in the neighborhood to begin with so maybe it's worth a try. If I were to give a suggestion, I'd probably tell them to add a couple pasta dishes. Everyone loves pasta. Also... go easy on the cheese. Dishes came out super gooey.  Pizza was good but we added garlic which we were charged 1.25 for and i tasted no garlic. I think there's a disconnect with the servers and food preparers in the back. Also.. I'm still waiting for my bread that I asked for twice.
4	Grazie and I met over the weekend for the first time. It's located in Verado, a uniquely planned community, 35 minutes west of Phoenix. My author friend, Paul Daffinrud and I, met here to update our friendship & review his new book: "The Janitor Solved the Murder". Their fresh Mozzarella & Tomato salad, combined with the Manicotti was superb, the canoli for dessert was freshly made, my Amber Ale was COLD, smooth and added the right touch. I'll be back...
5	We walked to Grazie from my husband's aunt and uncle's winter home in Verrado a few weeks ago and had a wonderful meal. I couldn't make my mind up on what to order, so I split the lasagna and Dame Edna pizza with another person in our party. I couldn't eat my half of the pizza, but splitting the dishes was great as I got to eat the cheesy, meaty goodness that is the lasagna as well as an amazing pizza. The Dame Edna (Mozzarella, Arugula, Parma Prosciutto, Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano) was incredible and we've attempted to recreate this dish at home. My only regret is I didn't have room for dessert.
5	I work with a transplanted Italian that has only lived in the states for three years.  He told me this place was close to his grandmothers cooking as he's ever had in the U.S.   I took my daughter here on Saturday night and then my wife on Sunday night, it was that good.   I had three different styles of their pizza's and all were amazing.  I can't wait to go back...
1	I am confounded that this place got any good reviews whatsoever! Wow. Maybe because it's the only restaurant anywhere in Buckeye and people don't have much to compare on. We have 4 children (3 under the age of 6) and so don't go out to eat often due to price and hassle. We were attempting to get some nice photos taken at Verrado's nice parks around dinner time. Being as this is the only choice for food within 30 miles we ate here. BIG mistake, BIG. The staff acted as if they were doing us a favor by serving us. Service was slow despite there only being a handful of people there. My biggest peeve was that the Macaroni and Cheese we ordered for the kids was crappy boxed Mac n Cheese. Seriously?!!! That is unacceptable at a restaurant. I don't even make that crap at home, now I have to pay $4.00 for it times 2!! Also, the kids drinks (juice) weren't even included in the price so we paid $10 additional for 3 small canned juices. My husband and older son ordered a pizza/calzone thing and said it was comparable to Peter Piper Pizza. Ick. The dough was ashen on the outside and undercooked on the inside. I ordered Eggplant Parmigiana, my favorite. It was mediocre at best. Very, very small portion, no noodles, no salad, no nothing at all with it and it cost me $15. Wait, it gets better......... We paid $91 for this crappy meal. ALMOST $100.00!!! And, they felt it necessary to add a 20% gratuity to our bill since we had 6 people. Ummmmm, 3 of them were UNDER the age of 6 years old! My youngest is a baby and didn't even eat! I was so mad I was literally speechless. Do Not Go Here.
4	Good food, good drinks, but the bill can get expensive rather quickly
3	Not bad at all.
4	Great place, great food, great neighborhood.  Pizza's are nice and thin and crispy.  Slightly pricey, but all in all a good place.
4	I've never gotten a bad meal here before ever. The pizza is delicious and there ceaser salads are excellent. The waiter's are nice and alway's have a smile. My only complaint is that the price is a bit high just for some pizza
5	My parent's live out this way and when I come and visit I am always looking for somewhere nice to grab a glass of wine and this is just the place I have been looking for! The restaurant is located right up in Verrado (which is a beautiful neighborhood) in the little town square. Service was fantastic, Wine was fantastic and the pizza was fantastic as was the desert that I got talked into! I had the Dame Edna which has Mozzarella, Arugula, Parma Prosciutto, Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano. I have tried to replicate this at home and with no avail is it as good as it is here! If your in the area and looking for a great place to try, go here!  Just make sure you leave some room for the Dolce Della Casa which is a slightly charred sweet calzone filled with Chocolate Hazelnut Sauce and Banana topped with Vanilla Ice Cream.
5	This place is FANTASTIC! GREAT food! Excellent service, wonderful atmosphere, & very reasonable pricing. Try the Emeliana salad to start, Spedini for dinner, then the Dolce for desert! Yumm! You WON'T be disappointed.After you eat, talk a walk through the neighborhood. It's amazing!
4	I was so pleased with Grazie. I am new to the area and it's a perfect place to go and have a glass of wine and a light dinner. Comfortable and good prices!
4	Very tasty and more unique, the pizzas are NOT Dominos or such, some are without sauce (eat as is or with olive oil), great wood fired oven.  We tried the Sofia and loved the smoked mozzarella.  Not cheap, but getting a higher quality product, we will be back.
4	First time going to lunch ... went with a girlfriend and we both had our babies.  Thankfully the place wasn't busy or else her stroller and my wily kid would have caused a mess!Tried their pizza this time ... thin crust Americana and it was delicious!!  Never had their pizza before so I was eager to check it out.  Definitely want to come here again!
4	We came here for Mother's day at noon.  The place was not busy at all.  I have never been to Verrado before... OMG, it is like the set of a Weeds or Desperate Housewives.  Everything is perfect:  lawns, trees, houses, kids, etc.  The place is on main street and easy to find (on the corner).  Cute modern decorations with indoor and outdoor seating.  We ordered:Platto Misto - Assortment of cured italian meats and cheese served with olives and breadsticks:  All the meats and breadsticks were good.  The cheese was a little hard and dry.  Complimenti alla Mamma Pizza - Mozzerella, Ricotta, Ham, Salame, Parmigano Reggiano & tomato sauce:  YUMMY, love the thin crust.Clinque Formaggi (5 cheeses) Pizza - Mozzarella, Gorgonzola, Provolone, Ricotta, Parmigano Reggiano:  This was my favorite, so good.  Excellent!!!Americana Pizza - Mozzarella, Pepperoni, Parmigano Reggiano, and tomato sauce:  It was good, but a little greasy.All the pizzas are thin crust and oven baked (like Sauce).  The service was OK.  When our cups when empty the server had to ask if we liked refills (you can clearly see with all the pizzas on the table that we were still eating), so yes refills on drink would be nice.
4	I was thinking 3 stars, but looking back at the 105 degree day, I'll step up to 4 only because of the service.  The wine list was a little pricey and small, but I wanted a Rose and I wanted it ice cold. Our waitress brought out the ice bucket and I felt like soaking in it, but it kept the wine just right....I
2	Nice cozy place to have lunch. The waitress was nice and attentive. I had the side ceasar salad it was very good but 7.00 was pricey ! I had the parm panini. It was ok I felt that the ham was a bit to tough for me it should of been tender and thin sliced. The mozzarella and basil was the best part of the sandwich oh and was not warm enough. My cousin had the eggplant dish. She said it was actually good it looked good to. another problem we had here was that they did not have bread. You need bread some meals. We asked for some and I think they ran to bashas and bought an old baguette. they cut a piece off and then cut that into fours it was cold and stale. So overall I think its too pricey just for lunch food was ok the service was great. Thats why I give this place a 2. just because its in Verrado doesnt mean it deserves another star.
4	The best restaurant in Verrado and Buckeye...hand's down.
5	Excellent food, family neighborhood environment, and pleasant, peaceful atmosphere.
4	The food on its own is very good, probably worthy of a four star rating by itself, especially considering how difficult it is to find even passable Italian food in the West Valley.  The service is very, very good - ownership is attentive and the atmosphere is very pleasant.  As for the pizza in particular: for a NY native, finding decent pizza in Phoenix is close to impossible. Good thin-crust (Italian-style, as opposed to NY- or Chicago-style), like what they have at Grazie, does happen to be a bit easier to execute, and Grazie does it well. Would I have loved to find a great NY- or Chicago-style slice instead? Sure, but good pizza is good pizza nonetheless.
3	This place has so much potential but I feel the little details that make it great are overlooked. I live in Verrado so have been there a few times, and each time I left I felt the same. The food is good, but little things like no bread of any kind comes with lasagna. Just a plate of lasagna for a pretty high price. No salad, no garlic bread, nothing.  The restaurant itself is beautiful with it's view of the open pizza pit, etc. A few things like we couldn't hear the music, the candles weren't lit, the heaters outside weren't on and it was chilly. These little details would make the place awesome. I have to say they have an amazing chocolate hazelnut pizza type dessert!!!  The location is Verrado, right on Main so at Christmastime especially with the park trees lit is just a gorgeous view. All in all, I guess I'm on the fence with this place, just needs a little more attention to details by management.
5	I love Grazie's. Franco is like another uncle in my Fiance's family. We go there everytime we visit his parents. He always hooks us up with unique family style meals that are off the menu and really gives us a true family experience. Hard to find that personal attention from where we are from (Southern CA). Any questions about his foods are fully explained and its obvious that Franco does care about his customers and treats them like family. Its always a treat to go here when we are in town.
5	Grazie's has some of the best pizza in the valley. It is located in Verrado up against White Tank Mountain. Great for people watching and AWESOME pizzas.If your from the east side and you like pizza and would like to kill some time or travel to the west side to check us out, Grazie's would be a nice lunch/dinner place for you.
3	Bought 2 pizza's to go. An American and a margherita with extra bazil. They were ok. Very expensive. $31 for 2 12' pizza's. As for the crust, very thin and crispy. Cooked nicely. The flavor just wasnt there. The basil didnt make the pie pop like it should. What I have to compair this to is Grimaldis and La Piazza Al Forno. Thats tough competition. Those two are the best of the best. My wife and I would might make it again for a date night, but not with the kids.
1	Ok let me just say for a VERY thin crust pizza to start, not good at all very disappointed  with is place. We waited over a hour for our pizza and it was very bland. I from Chicago and have worked at many authentic pizzerias, so I'd like to think I have a good pizza perspective. I do not recommend  this place, and if you are from the east side or Midwest... you will not like it. I will never come here again. Paid 50$ for poor service and poor food. You would think in such a prime and up coming location, it would be outstanding.
5	Always get great service here. Try the Vesuvio, amazing dish. Franco and Anthony will take great care of you and ensure that your experience is worth it!
5	pizza yum, wine yes, but the salmon wow, the steak kabob over the top.  Full bar, and good coffee too!
4	Wasn't sure if this was still open, but thankfully it is! Nice ambiance with cool glassed in pizza making area viewable from dining room. Very nice outdoor patio overlooking a beautiful park. Delicious, fresh pizza and the lasagna was also yummy. Nice and prompt server. Would return.
4	Very good pizza and salads.  Will definitely be back!
5	When I moved to AZ from the east coast, everyone warned me that I wouldn't find decent pizza. I'm so happy that I settled in Verrado, because I'm a short walk from Grazie. Anthony (from Queens NY!) turns out fantastic thin-crust pizza. Perfect for two people to share. I haven't had a bad topping yet. The Caesar salad is also great, and a large one, plus a pie, makes a great meal for two. Highly recommended.
4	A bit pricey, but worth it! Visited on a Friday at 11:30 AM for lunch. our party tried the Vegetarino and the Dame Edna pizza and a spinach, cheese, cranberry salad. All were great, but completely different.The Dame Edna and salad had huge, thin, wafers of cheese; following the server's suggestion, my son added vinegar and oil to his Dame Edna pizza for a wonderful salad-in-a-pizza.The Vegetariano had cheese, roasted peppers and sweet carmelized onions that was other-worldly good.Service was prompt and well done without hovering.Three lunches, two iced teas and water, plays time, was over $55, the only downside.
5	New bar stools and bar tops are a great upgrade. Food and service is always first rate. Franco and the gang treat everyone fantastic. Highly recommend
4	Good food. Nice area. Wait staff could be a little more friendly and prompt.
4	These type of pizza places are our favorite.  We went on a Friday night at about 6:00.  We were greeted and seated immediately.  The restaurant is in Verrado and overlooks a park/splashpad.  A lot of trees, a lot of grass.  Nice to see in this area.  Started with wine and beer.  Waitress (Amber) friendly and attentive.  Never had to wait for anything.Had the bruschetta salsiccia to start.  The sausage was very good.  Only knock was the bread was very, very soft.  Didn't appear to be grilled/toasted at all.We split a quattro stagioni pizza.  It had ham, salami, kalamata olives, and mushrooms and was perfect.Bill was reasonable.  2 glasses of wine, 1 glass of beer, the app and the pizza all for $45 + tip.  Not bad at all.
5	The best pizza in Phoenix. We went to the so called best and it was good but we always come back here!
3	This place is ok and I will continue to go but the food is overpriced and just ok.  The pizza is sort of good--but definitely not like that served in Italy.
4	First visit as recent transplants to Verrado, very nice interior, friendly staff, food was good, the patrons at the bar were also very friendly!  Very comfortable establishment overall, prices are reasonable, looking forward to cooler weather to enjoy the patio.
5	Service was excellent!  We ordered the Americana pizza ($14) and added Italian Sausage (only $1.25 to add) and it was done quickly. It was great! You can tell they make their ingredients fresh on site. Their management and service is what sets them apart from competitors. We were greeted right away. Service was quick. Then a manager came over and asked how our meal was, and if we had been there before. We told him we were new and buying a house in the area. He immediately says a warm welcome and then brought us all, on the house, their dessert special the Dolce de la casa! It was sooo good! Then as we left seemed like all the staff stopped what they were doing to say goodbye and thank you.Top notch 5 star quality business. ;-)
1	I can't comment on the food because after waiting 25 mins without even being approached by the waitress for my DRINK order, I left. I watched 3 tables be served drinks AND have their food order taken. I know it's not because they were there longer than I was...considering I was waiting outside when the door were unlocked at 11am. It was a busy day in Verrado so I expected a wait, but I also expected to be assisted along side everyone else....not sure why I was ignored, I was sitting at a table that the waitress walked by several times. After I tried to call her and get her attention, she made sure not to walk by again...25 mins for drinks is not the type of service I would pay for so I had to leave. Hope the seemingly VIPs at the other tables enjoyed the meal....I went NEXT DOOR and had a great experience!
5	Was just driving through the Verrado area with my family and came across this great restaurant. We enjoyed the pizza's that we ordered. It's a little greasy, but that was over looked by the great taste. I love thin crust pizza and it was a little burnt from the brick oven. I loved that burnt taste, to me it just adds a little extra flavor to the pizza. The only complaint I have is that the soda was flat.The wait staff was great. I'm horrible with names and I can't remember for the life me. She was a very pretty brunette with a nice smile. She was very attentive to our table and very nice. Also, we meet the owner as he was energetic and was greeting everyone there. It was a very welcoming feeling in there.Can't wait to go again......Mmmmm love the pizza!
