5	I've searched high and low for a barber shop that takes the time and attention that Angelo and his shop puts in every hair cut. I've been to several places around the Gilbert/Chandler area trying to find a place that I can call my own and I can finally call Angelo's my Barber Shop!The price is reasonable at $15, but Angelo is old school and only accepts cash. I like it that way, it adds to the feel of the three chair barber shop.Go into Angelo's Barber Shop, you won't be disappointed.
1	This was exactly the reason I haven't been to a barber in a couple years. I live nearby so I thought I'd give them a try. Angelo was with a customer, so Scott cut my hair. I guess Angelo must be the pro, because Scott cut my hair way too short on top as if he didn't even listen to what I had asked him to do. I didn't realize how short he cut my hair until I got home and found it was all uneven at the front by about 1/4". I don't regret giving them a try because they're so close to home, but I definitely won't be going back.
5	Very good people working there.Good conversation, and a great haircut. The price is right on the mark, too.If you want a cut/shave from a REAL barber, and not one of the chain salons, give your business to this team.I like to keep my money local, and this is a great place to do it.
5	I've been here 3 times now, and each time I have had a different barber cut my hair and trim my beard. Each time has been as good as the previous visit. If you need a haircut and are in the Gilbert area, stop in and see Angelo. You will not be sorry. I would give more stars if I could.
5	I walked in to Angelo's this afternoon with a serious shaggy head. Before today, it had been at least two years since I got my hair cut by someone in a chair. In the past I would do my own buzz cut since I was afraid of the receding hairline that was happening. But, with a trip to New Orleans in the next month for my anniversary, I decided that I wanted to look presentable with something more than just a buzz cut.My hair was cut my Angelo with hardly any instructions. I told him "shorter on the sides, blended or tapered, longer on top...I don't know what to do with my hairline." Now granted my hair isn't THAT long since my last buzz cut, so there wasn't much to work with. Angelo did a phenomenal job, making my hair able to be styled while also taking the focus away from the receding hairline. It was finished with a straight razor around the ears and neckline with a head, shoulder, and arm massage. This is a great barber shop with no frills, just straight business. I walked in unsure but left with confidence and the pleasure knowing I found my new barber shop. Angelo's is GOLD!
5	My grandpa wanted to look good for his upcoming trip so I brought his here. He got in a chair right a away and was given the five star treatment. The guys were friendly and we even met the owner. I felt bad because the old man under tipped so I decided to do my part and leave a good review! This is a nice little pop shop that costs as much and great clips. Go here, you will not be disappointed.
5	**FIRST; CASH ONLY! I think everyone should know, I wasn't aware and only had my card. But I was able to get cash right away. Very patient staff working there.This place is the shit. Its small and homey. Scott cut my hair. I asked him to clean up my side burns, trim my beard and clean up everything up top. He did it. It was great. Just sat and shot the shit with this guy. Finally a barber that isn't intimidating or weird. Im just comfortable there and I recommend this place to any grown man who needs a barber. Any grown man who needs a reliable barber that will appreciate them, go here.For me first impressions are everything,  this place nailed it. Im going back.
5	Great price and friendly Service. Both times I've been in, Israel has cut my hair. Nice guy and good conversation. I would highly recommend this place.
