4	Wonderful little nail place. The staff was very friendly and sweet. They did the delux pedicure and standard manicure for my friend and I. It was heaven!! They added the hot stone treatment for only $5! We were both impressed and will be back very soon!
1	They only get one star since yelp won't let you grade lower!!!  Worst nail salon I have ever been in!!!  Fastest most unrelaxing 'deluxe spa pedicure and manicure' that I have ever received---they rush you in and out.  Constantly trying to sell you additional services, rude to guest, and they cut the side of my nieces foot during her pedicure.  Would never go back!!
1	If you're considering getting waxed, read below as well, but just for nails, well, the nail job was poorly done and rushed. I could have done a more thorough job at home, and not wound up with spots of nail polish on my skin. I will NEVER EVER ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever ever EVER go back!  And I highly recommend that you don't even try it, either. And in regards to the waxing: Oh if only you could give negative stars. In this case, I definitely would. I learned a hard lesson today. NEVER EVER use the "express" salons/spas in malls. EVER! Especially when you've got to look nice (like, say, for your birthday party). I've used them before but NEVER again. The lady giving me my pedicure asked me if I wanted my eyebrows waxed. I said no. She asked again. I said no, again. She asked a third time (very pushy), and though I had been saying no, I knew it needed to be done because I had some scraggliness off to the side. So I finally said yes. AND I GOT BURNED! Like bright red, with tiny white welts BURNED! I looked like some sort of effed up raccoon. And they all kept staring, not asking if I needed aloe. It should have been obvious to anyone with eyes that the post-wax condition of my general eyebrow area WAS NOT normal. If they'd had an easily available mirror on the inside, I wouldn't have left. Period. It was embarrassing. I went to the Carmen! Carmen! Prestige Salon in Belk and they fixed EVERYTHING and I am so thankful that they had openings and were willing to help. Afterwards I went back to the salon, just to mention that their wax was too hot and they completely denied it and put the blame on me and said I should have asked them for aloe to fix it. Aloe didn't cut it. It took hours of ice compresses, along with several skin-clearing/redness-relief creams, and a full face of makeup to hide it for my birthday party that night. Also, apparently they use "multi-purpose wax"- I don't know what this means but it seems to imply that  it's not necessarily gentle enough for the face which would make sense. AND the skin under my eyebrow was lifted. Not good. Not good at all. I have some choice words for these people but likely would have been escorted out of the mall by security had I chosen to use them.
3	I received a fantastic pedicure here, but my manicure was poorly done. It was rushed. $80 for a deluxe pedi and gel mani. Kinda steep.
1	I had a deluxe french manicure and pedicure. Unfortunately the manicure was peeling and lifting by the I got home. By the next day my manicure was a disaster so I returned to the salon and it was repaired. The nail tech blamed my nails for the problem which I found strange since it's not the first time my nails were done and this never happen before. My manicure started chipping again once I got home ... I had not washed dishes (and I use gloves when doing that ) or anything to cause a chip. :( I'm not going back there anymore!
1	On 10/26/14, My friend and I  went into the nail spa at Northlake Mall for a gel polish fill in. I have been going to this location for 4 years regularly, every 2 weeks,  to have my nails done. On this day, the nail tech lost control of the electric nail file drill and severely cut the back of my finger. The tech also cut herself as well. She did not apologize for cutting me instead accused me of causing her to cut me.She clearly had no control over the drill or the incident would not have happen. The only male in the salon gave me a cotton ball with alcohol and a bandage. He told me that I could have the remaining 9 nails done but not the injured finger. He then sat me down with another tech. Before she started I stated that I would not be paying for the service because I had already been cut and because I have spent a lot of money in the establishment in the last four years. The tech  advised me that since the previous nail tech got cut also  and, because  she was blaming me for the incident I had to pay for the service. I informed the tech and the male running the salon that I would not be paying because I was victimized by their employee and left.I work in the customer service field  and I feel that since I was injured by their employee I should not have to pay the 30.00 service fee. After all I have spent much more than that over a 4 year period. I also had to have a tetanus shot because  I do not know who the drill was used on pervious to me and the fact that the tech was cut as well made me very nervous. Of course I could not take any chance on getting an infection. Also the trip to the urgent care was more than 30.00. They didn't even offer to discount the cost of the service. I was very disappointed with the whole situation. Needless to say I will not be going back to the salon and the owners and employees have a lot to learn about customer service and responsibility if they are to continue to serve the public. Everything isn't about the all mighty dollar, sometimes you need to do what is right for the customer.
4	I really enjoyed the spa mani pedi here. They  have a quiet atmosphere, which I liked, and had a chemical smell which I didn't like. The service was quick 1 hr. I liked the nail tech. I'd go there again.
