4	Everyone here is super nice and knowledgeable. Good deal if you start a yearly package, otherwise can get pricey. They have locations all over Pittsburgh area, so you can tan at all of them if you are a member. I just got 7 tans, so I wasn't able to go to the different locations. It looks newly renovated at this location in Mt Washington. They have spray tans and stand up beds too.
2	A tanning bed salon should be a pretty self explanatory thing, right? Well not exactly if you go to Anytime Tan Tanning Club. I didn't realize what a "tanning club" was until I went there and even now I feel like I don't truly get the concept.There was a sign stating $30 unlimited tanning which is a great deal. I inquired and was immediately told the $30 was after you paid $99 fee for the year. Different monetary amounts were later thrown out to me which further confused me. Needless to say I didn't join. I just wanted to tan, I didn't want to join a club. Clubs and such are why www.meetup.com was created. I just wanted to lay in a tanning bed for 15 minutes for some peace.Now I did buy 1 session which cost almost $10. The beds there are amazing. I have to say it probably was the best single tanning experience I've had. I just wish their concept was a little easier and cheaper. I mean you have to write down your member number when you come and and you have to go through a finger print analysis to make sure you are who you say you are. At this point I'll stick to laying out.
3	It's been a while since I visited Anytime Tan.  I'll admit, I used to tan here and there, but gave it up a couple years ago.  So my new venture is spray tanning.  What a venture....First experience BAD!  I called ahead of time to get the scoop on how to prep.  I swear to you the chick on the phone told me to moisturize.  I thought that was weird because I had heard you're not supposed to put lotion on before you spray tan.  Well, I figured maybe I'm out of the loop, so I did it.  I went in, got sprayed and... Disaster!  I looked like I had chicken pox.  My one whole arm was the color I barely recognized.  Have you ever seen that Friends spray tan episode where Ross gets a spray tan on level 4 like 4 times on one side?  That was me!!!So I came out, the chick took one pitiful look at me and was like, we'll give you another go round.  I was so "burnt" from this horrible experience I figured I'd take a week off and try again.  So the week came and went and I made SURE not to lather up with anything!  I went in, spray spray spray... didn't look like I had chicken pox again and showed up a couple hours later with a pretty decent looking tan.  I wouldn't say I look dark, but it's a nice base from my ghostly pale skin before.  My hands are orange though, I will warn you.  I'm interested to see how long it will last (I'll be sure to update!).  The rooms are very clean but service can be hit or miss.  You either come in to a very friendly smiling face or a chick that you can tell doesn't want to be there.  To be honest though, the bar is low for these kinds of places.
1	You know what?  I take back my kind words on the spray tanning booth!  It's awful!One day later and I'm left looking like I have some sort of skin disease!  The tan is uneven now and my hands have about 3 different shades of "brown tan" and my elbows are a weird shade of black/brown.  This is horrible, no golden tan here!DO NOT spend your money on the spray tan booth.  Go somewhere where they spray it on by hand.  I know that's what I'm going to do next time.
4	They did just increase their prices and you dont save all too much on the package deals anymore, which makes it a little overpriced for the average machine spray tan, but the service is friendly and its close to my house, plus the operating hours are pretty good.
4	Everyone is very nice. The place is always clean. The only complaint is that their packages are  big rackets. They only want you to sign up and pay a sign up fee and pay every month. I'd rather just pay as I go
4	Staff is nice. They have different kinds of beds and the place is clean. They need to upgrade their stereos though.
