4	I needed to quickly find a vet for my dog CiCi, since we stopped taking her to the vet on Ann Road due to very bad experiences with our past 2 dogs, and I decided to check Banfield out since they were offering free first time check ups. Today was her first appointment and I personally thought they did a great job. I got her updated on her vaccination shots and signed her up on the Active Protection Wellness Plan ($30/month), which to me seems reasonable for all that they provide (free office visits, vaccinations, dental plans, diagnosis tests, etc). In my opinion, this plan is worth the money, considering how old CiCi is getting and how frequent I might need to be taking her to the vet.The receptionist, the nurse, and Dr. Waite were all friendly and sweet to CiCi. They offered her treats and kept giving her praise on how well she was doing.I've been reading many reviews from many different vet locations and I've noticed that people complain a lot about prices. But what people aren't seeming to realize is, NO VET IS CHEAP. So far I think what I paid for CiCi is extremely reasonable, but I obviously have more time I need to experience with them, which is why I only gave them 4 stars.CiCi has another appointment in 3 weeks, so we'll see if I still feel the same way.
3	JK. I take most of what I said back lol. I realized that their wellness plans are more reasonable for older dogs who are more prone to health conditions and illnesses. My dog is still really young so it makes no sense to pay $40 a month when I'd rarely have to take her in. Also what they offer on the plan I signed up for is only half useful. The upside of the plan is that they offer dental care, shot updates, anesthetics, etc. but they don't offer the essential x-rays my dog would need if she ever got really sick or injured. I cancelled my plan 2 days after I got it. Luckily they have a 10 day grace period just in case you change your mind and want to cancel. The cancellation process, fortunately for me, wasn't complicated at all though. I just had to pay for the services that were given during my visit, which was understandable. I'm still giving them 3 stars though for their service and kindness they showed my dog. But their prices are ridiculous, as are other veterinarians. So I can't complain too much about it.
1	First, Lisa R. from customer service who contacts everyone, last time you contacted me due to an unauthorized procedure at another Banfield, after you said to "call us"--your response was "and exactly what do you want us to do about it? You got a free procedure"--so don't bother with a response.I went in about two weeks ago, and spoke to Allie.  She quoted me $108 for a spay, double if she was in season, plus $12 for a rabies and about $40 for an office visit. Great.  Booked.Today, I brought my pet in before work--and the bill was $170.  I asked for them to check that again, and they did--bringing back a bill of over THREE HUNDRED DOLLARS!!!!!  $384, I believe.Nearly $400 for a spay for a dog not in season, and a rabies shot, NOT including e-collar or pain meds (had my own).Excuse me?"Oh, when they're over 6 months old, spays are much more."  The poor girl behind the counter was being death-stared.  I was told $108. She said I had been misquoted, and that if she was under 6 months it may have been.  Um...I told them she was NOT six months, and on the paperwork alone it says 8 months.  This is a 45 pound dog, not a full grown lab. AND when Allie had talked to us about that "wellness plan," we had thoroughly gone over numbers so it was NOT a misquote. Someone is yanking our chain. I was told the manager would not be in till noon. At noon, no answer. At three, I was told she was out until tomorrow.Never again, and I am sharing this with every single source I can. Be careful and check and double check. Banfield is a rip off.
