2	It's a CiCi's. Anybody who has ever been to one knows what they can be like. Loud, poorly behaved children and their unconscious parents. Not sure, but I think a crowded CiCi's at dinnertime could be nominated to become a new circle of Hell.But... during lunch and off-hours, it's hard to beat for the money. Decent salad, pizza, and dessert, especially if you're in a hurry. Lunchtime weekdays, it's a completely different place.This store seems smaller and possibly a little dirtier than most. If you walk in and see birthday party balloons, abandon hope and go elsewhere. If the place seems to be mostly full of adults, it's worth a try.
1	I do have to say that before you read this review, I am the last person usually to like pizza from the large chains. But even bad pizza is still pretty good. I have to judge the pizza up to true pizzeria standards though. I decided to try ci ci's because I am always hearing people talk about it. Well it did not live up to the hype. The restaurant itself was not very clean, the food was sub par and honestly I wanted to get out of there as soon as possible. Everytime people walk in they say "welcome to Ci ci's". But everytime there was a couple of workers that would have to drag out the ci ci's part and it got really annoying for me to hear every 30 seconds. As for the pizza.... they do have some interesting types of pizza. However, the pizza was very bland and tasted like cardboard. It was very obvious that they do not value good and fresh ingredients. I most likely will never go back to any ci ci's
2	If you are looking for the best pizza in town, this is not the place. But if you are looking for a pizza buffet that is priced well, this is it. Pizza isn't bad - has lots of varieties including several dessert pizzas that are fabulous. Also includes salad bar and some pasta. Lots of families so if you want peace and quiet, not the place. But a great place to bring the kids, a soccer team, etc for a fun meal.
2	Well, it's a Cici's and if you've never been to a Cici's don't go in there with high expectations. You certainly wouldn't go into McDonald's expecting a culinary masterpiece so expect the same here.One of the reviewers before me said that during dinner time you will bump into a bunch of "loud, poorly behaved children and their unconscious parents" and yes, this is correct but because THIS is their demographic.Again, you should know where you're going. You wouldn't go into Chuck E. Cheese expecting a nice quiet, romantic dinner, now would you? Same concept here, it is targeted to families with kids who can quickly satisfy the kids and give parents a break. If you're don't fall into this demographic then either go during off-peak hours or stay at home with your high-end, water bottle drinking dog and your unhealthy relationship with the animal (I have kids and wouldn't walk into a Doggie Cafe and bitch about all the smelly dogs and their inconsiderate owners who bring them there).Which leads to the quality of the food. Again, Cici's target demographic are families with kids (which explains a lot of the set up). Parents who don't feel like cooking supper that night, or little league teams to go celebrate their 20 game losing streak or, god forbid, A BIRTHDAY PARTY! So, the pizza is not catering to the sophisticated palate of the NoDa or Dilworth crowds. They cater to the underdeveloped palate of kids who would enjoy a Mac n' Cheese pizza and the parents who are too tired to give a crap either way. The food is passable at best if you understand the restaurant's concept.Which brings us to the restaurant as a whole. When we went last night they were at max capacity so the whole place was a cacophony of sounds, screams, clanking, announcements, games, etc. Despite it all, the crew did an excellent job at keeping the pizza coming and the buffet line well stocked.Unfortunately this left a great deal of the restaurant being dirty and messy. But then again, you can hardly blame that on the crew since it was the hoard of "loud, poorly behaved children and their unconscious parents" who were making the mess.The biggest gripe about this, and just about every other Cici's out there, is their painfully crappy game room. Most of the games do not work properly and cost $0.50 a piece. Most of the games aren't even video games but rather those machines where you can earn insanely cool prizes like Xboxes and Mp3 players but the game rules and/or difficulty are so ridiculous nobody ever wins. Poor kids are stuck with two skeeball machines, a basketball machine, a racing game (which didn't steer properly) and an air hockey machine... the rest are the "prize" games.Ultimately, me and the family got exactly what we were there for... cheap pizza, agood time for the kids and avoiding having to cook for 8 people.
5	This Ci-Ci's is right around the corner from me, so we come here when we need to eat fast and cheap!!!  For all those that gave a 1-2 star rating before me...  How much do you spend on pizza at a normal place?  I bet it's at LEAST twice as much for how much you eat.  Now think about the cost of making all that pizza, and complain about it not being the "freshest" ingredients...  Oh wait did you get a FRESH salad with FRESH toppings too?  Probably not, but I do every time.  I eat the Pasta too.  I can get the soup although I usually don't, when I have it was good. Quit complaining about a family friendly place where the kids 3 and under eat for free...  With the bread sticks that taste as good as theirs does!Management and staff are always pleasant.  My child has food allergies, so I bring his ingredient substitutions, and they make it GLADLY for him.
4	Order the 3 mediums for 11.99, can't beat that deal. Staff is friendly.
4	I went couple of times for buffet.....I take sriracha sauce along with me everytime and they allow me with that  :) Pizza taste good but cheese sticks are better :) Staff is super friendly and they will do one for you in customized way like you wish and it will be served to your desk.... I went with my friends and they liked it as well. If you are vegetarian then they will prepare something vegie option for you... they dont have jalepeno topping but they have other good toppping like black olives, onion, bell pepper, green pepper etc.....A good place for family buffet at affordable price 5$  :)
2	Below average for cici's. Table area is OK. I go there 3 times a month. It is cheap and filling. Game room is gross as kids are eating and playing. Best thing about this place is large group tables for teams. Worst is A) never any deep dish. B) county health code is lowest in the area.
1	Decontamination chamber.  Stat!I cave to the kids and come here about two times a year. It's always crowded and the pizza is mediocre at best, but the cinnamon rolls are passable and that's what sticks in my brain and causes some sort of experience amnesia. Safe to say tonight's visit will not soon be forgotten. The place was packed tonight. Seemed to be a four child per family minimum. I soon realized that preschool aged children were being allowed to help themselves to the buffet.  One little guy dropped his food on the floor and then proceeded to sit there and eat it off the floor.  He was spotted by a parent/person with his parent who merely said "you're nasty" and then turned back around to continue eating and talking. That's the Cici's clientele folks.  The temperature inside the dining area must have been 90 degrees.  Pretty much unbearable. I heard a customer say something to the manager and his response was "you think you're hot?  Imagine how hot we are (the workers)!"  Oooookay!  As for the food, I can honestly say the pizza was the worst I've ever had there.  They were quick about refilling it, but they had very little variety and they all just tasted bland and awful.  They had the standard cheese, pepperoni, pep and sausage, a white veggie, a sausage and a deep dish with cheese.  It looked like the spots were labeled for the staff and these must be the standard choices now.  No Hawaaiin, taco, supreme, BBQ, buffalo or anything even slightly creative. However, the desserts were represented - even the gooey cinnamon rolls. Again, they were the ONLY highlight of the evening.It's been a few hours and so far no food poisoning, so feeling optimistic about that.  I also feel optimistic that that was finally my last Cici's visit.
1	I will never go to this location again.  A friend and myself went there tonight.  While walking inn the door a group of rude, young, people kept jumping in front of us.  Yes, they were altogether but paying separately, still they kept jumping in front of us and one adult even let another adult in through a closed door.  Not once did management put a stop to this.  Secondly a group of adults and kids pulled in and were behind us, I think it was a church group.  There was a man that shook hands with the manager, then after that the manager said let's just go ahead and take care of them.  My friend had gone ahead to get a table, I looked at her and said let's go.  She said to the manager "what about us"?  I said to the manager,we were in line first and with his smart ass attitude he said it only took ten seconds to take care of that large party.  My response was yes but now there arre nineteen people in front of us and we were standing in line in front of them.  This basically told us that our money was no good there because we weren't in a large party.  I don't need some comdescending CiCis manager trying to put me in my place.  Why didn't he say, let's just take care of these two ladies first, especially since we were in line first.  I hope the next time he's standing in line that whomever is waiting on him takes everyone else before they take him.  What a jerk.  Needless to say we left and spent our money elsewhere.
