4	It may not look like much from the outside, but C J's is a homely, comfy cafe and a great place to grab a plate of chips that'll see you through the day.Their exterior is simple and makes it look a wee bit like a fast food diner. It is, however, a lot healthier than that, although you can get a really decent morning roll and a big plate of chips and beans on the cheap.The inside is modest, but they have loads of pictures hanging up on the walls and loads of tables. The pine tables are modern and functional, but leave some space for manouvre in between. Aside from the price being cheap, the community feel in C J's makes it above all a great cafe. There are ads dotted about on the walls posted by locals, and the staff are really friendly. You get the impression a lot of locals come down here for a brew and are always remembered and valued by customers. They offer a bit more at lunchtime than just panini's and all in all it's a very pleasant eat indeed!
5	Dalry Road, and it's neighbouring Gorgie Road, remind me a bit of a slightly less fantastic, more reserved Leith Walk. It still has it's share of great little businesses though, and CJ's cafe really isn't bad at all.If I'm getting off at Haymarket in the morning, and have time to make the short trek, I'll pop in for a roll and bacon or square sausage. The former is always nice and crispy, the latter nice and meaty without a hint of squidginess.I really can't ask for more than that.
5	I love this place.I moved into the area a few months ago, and decided to pop in one morning after a night of too many beers.  I've been back countless times since! It's cosy and homely, the walls covered in interesting memorabilia from Oor Wullie annuals (which are also for sale), to Las Vegas show tickets, and James Bond memorabilia. The breakfast rolls are always massive and stuffed with whatever greasy goodness you're in the mood for, all for an extremely reasonable price.The staff are the best thing about this place. I find it's too rare that you get proper personal and genuine customer service outwith the high-end commercial hospitality industry, but the staff here are always friendly and genuine people pleasers. For sitting in or to take away, this place is a real gem which I kick myself for not discovering sooner.
5	Love cjs! Cheap and cheerful. Great service and quirky decor. Best breakfast in edinburgh.
5	Always so welcoming, friendly. Food is great and at a great price. What more do you need  .
