1	Rotten food and over charging customer.I was expecting at least a reasonable dinning experience at a reputed restaurant, but was greatly disappointed. The restaurant charged me 20% premium over prices on online menu (I ordered takeout), denied there are prices online. The maitre D was reluctant to show the printed menu, which is 10% more expensive than online, led me to think the over charge was deliberate. The crab cake sandwich is well prepared but from ROTTEN crab. Since I didn't have time to walk 10min one way to return the food, it had to be thrown away.   A lunch over charged and wasted.
3	Had a mid-week lunch here recently with a client at his request. I'm going to break it down into 2 areas because I had 2 different experiences: service and food quality.Service: A++Not only was I seated immediately as I waited for my guest, but upon learning that I was having a business lunch the hostess sat me in a quieter corner away from the bustling main room. I have never had a wait staff say "thank you" and "you're welcome" more than this. They even joked with me as I ended up waiting 30 minutes for my delayed guest. (I used this time to read other Yelp reviews for my meal selection.) I can only hope that service is like this at all times. For my money it doesn't get any better here.Food: CUnfortunately the food wasn't as good as the service. I got the chicken parmesan after reading that the salads were less than overwhelming. I guess it would be OK if you like your chicken parm buried in veggies and cheese. Me? I like my chicken parmesan to be mostly, you know, chicken. It wasn't bad, mind you, but I can make a better dish at home and I am certainly not an Italian restaurant. Can't say I recommend the meal I had here this day. (on the other hand, I did once have the lasagna here and I remember it being tasty).Quite frankly, for me the Olive Garden is a better Italian experience, even with all of its chain restaurant failings. I can forgive bad service if the food is great (the tip is an interesting invention) but not the other way around. My search for a go-to Italian restaurant will continue, though I can't say I won't be back if I get another invitation.
2	Had dinner here on a weeknight before taking my daughter to the nutcracker.  It was dead, but we were early on a Tuesday night, and it picked up.  We started with the fried zucchini.  The consensus was thumbs up.  Bread was average.I ordered the veggie pasta.  Asked for it w/out zucchini but was told it wasn't possible as it was pre-made.  It was ok.My daughter had the cheese raviolis and enjoyed them.The other three people had the seafood platter special.  Didn't go so well.  The shrimp and scallops were good, the sole was ok, but  all three sent theirs back because the lobster wreaked of ammonia.  Our waiter appeared overwhelmed by having to serve a bad product, and was only semiapologetic.  They then brought out two manicotti dinners which were fine.Service was average at best.  Feel bad given how long it has been around, but it is hard to imagine making a return trip.
1	As a lifelong Pittsburgher, I've been to Tambellini's enough times over the years -- and I think it's still open simply because of it's location practically next door to the Benedum, and patrons who go there aren't the regular theater-goers.  I was invited to go with friends, who were old enough to remember when it was probably good.The prices are *outrageously* high for the quality of the food and portions.  I had the Chicken Marsala, which was alright, but something I normally eat served out of a chafing dish at a funeral buffet. This was comparable to a catered version and the restaurant itself deserves a funeral... It's outdated and just a factory for getting people in and out and on time to the cultural events they're going to.The waitress was nice enough, seemed a bit embarrassed to respond 'no' when I asked if certain menu items were fresh.  On the other hand, she disappeared quite a bit and didn't ask if we wanted any desserts -- which we probably would've if we'd been asked.Even though Downtown after business hours isn't the most exciting place to eat, there are other places I'll insist on going instead of back to Tambellini's.
1	AVOID EXCEPT FOR SHEER LAUGHSThis place is just textbook in terms of epitomizing what NOT to do in a "fancy" Italian restaurant.  Meals are $30 a plate, but ask your waiter for a bottle of Prosecco and he says, "What is that?"  We ordered a gin and tonic, watched him make it, and were served our mixed drink literally with no ice.  Who serves a drink without ice?  We had no silverware, had to request it repeatedly.  Our entrees, dessert and coffee all came out at different times.  We received the check before being asked if we even wanted dessert or coffee, for that matter.So - service aside, the food is just mediocre and of no relevance to the Italian inspiration it proclaims.  Our stuffed banana pepper appetizer was too hard to cut with a fork but we had no knives.  The prime rib was fatty and cold.  The crab cakes were far more cake than crab, you had to eat around it leaving a pile of filler mush.  Pasta was just pasta.  The atmosphere is also drab and just depressing.  And the split plate fee is exorbitant, so we lied and shared food anyway.  Note that our check was still nearly $300 - for only five of us!Really, truly, avoid this place at all costs unless you're looking for a good story to laugh about.  The only redeeming quality here after an overpriced meal was that it left our party of 5 with a good story to tell.This is the second time I've been here, the first time we just had sandwiches in the basement and it was also far from memorable.AVOID!
2	They must get patrons here in because of the could reviews from the other Tambellini restaurant or from being close to the theater district.  The food is pretty bad for an Italian restaurant.  The Chicken Parmigiana was very bready and I question if it was homemade.  I ordered a side salad and it was all iceberg lettuce.  The homemade bread was very sorry.....  Not worth the price.  The decor is very plain.  Service was fine.
3	The greeter was very nice.   The food was merely okay.  My friend and I got one bill and then asked that they just take 50% on my charge and 50% from her $20.  The server replied that "they do not split checks, but she would do it this onetime" -- I did not appreciate this "favor" as it was splitting payment and not splitting the check.  Totally ridiculous.  The server was very knowledgeable about the food, I must say.  However, she insisted on explaining exactly what we would get in the meal we had just ordered when it was clear that my friend and I were trying to talk and catch up.  I am sure that many people would like this aspect, but it didn't work for me.  I am still on the fence as to whether I will give it another shot.
2	A friend recommended this to me, and I can't figure out why.  The food was underwhelming and pricey.  The service was fine, and the place looked nice, but I can barely remember what I ate there it was so forgettable.
1	It's just not that good. We initially told the waitress that we only going to order appetizers and desert. My code for "we read on Yelp this place sucks, but we wanted to give it a try" to which she replied they don't alow that but I will let it slide. The food could have come from a buffet and been better. I hate to be super negative, but in this case I am just being real.
1	This place is just a flat out joke.  Totally overpriced.  Went before a show and they gave a limited menu and tacked on the token 20% "service" fee which gave them the right to provide lousy service.  First I asked for the beer they had on the chalkboard outside.  Had NO clue what I was talking about.  Finally gave up and got a Coors Lite.  Food was overpriced and less than average.  I had the Baked Scrod.  Exact same dish at Eat N Park is $8.99 and better than this $27 dish.  I would stay clear of this at all costs.  If you are going for a night of theater - opt for eating outside the city or at Sonoma Grill down the street.  I'm shocked this place is still in business.
2	My friend and I were trying to think of a place to go last night for dinner before Mannheim Steamroller and she suggested Tambellini's. I hadn't been there for a million years and am not too thrilled with the downtown restaurant scene so I agreed. It all started when we were seated by the lack luster hostess. You could tell she either just didn't want to be at work yesterday or really hated her job. She had zero personality. Then we look at the menu. How much do you think they charge for simple bow tie pasta and meat sauce? You're probably thinking $10 or $12, right? WRONG! $20!! I was not happy about the ridiculous pricing, but my friend and I felt we were already sitting down and felt funny about leaving so we unfortunately stayed. Now I really wish we would have. I figured if I am going to spend $20 on simple pasta I'll spend $10 more and have a steak with it. I'm on an extremely strict diet of only 1200 calories a day so I could not have the bow ties with alfredo. All I asked for was for them to replace the alfredo with simple marinara. You would think I asked them to get Giada DeLaurentis to come and cook my pasta. The waitress gave me such an attitude and then punished us the rest of the time by ignoring us. After all that I get my meal, the steak is very good (even though it clearly was not well done, some of the pieces were practically still mooing) and the pasta was tasteless. I would have been furious if I paid $20 for tasteless pasta. Never again will I go there. That place is the worst and I recommend you guys don't waste your time or more importantly your money either. The staff needs an attitude adjustment, the prices need to be more reasonable given the global economic collapse and they need to work on creating more flavorful dishes.  The only reason I gave it a 2 is because the steak was good. Otherwise, it would have been a .5 or 1.
1	The only good thing about this eatery is its proximity to the Benedum. The three of us were seated at a table that was jammed in between two other tables, next to the kitchen - even though the place was half empty. I could hear the conversation at the next door table better than that of people sitting opposite me. The food was a sorry, sloppy, soggy mess that would have had Chef Ramsey throw up. The service was slow, inattentive, and made you feel vaguely unwelcome. Ridiculously overpriced. For  better value, a nicer atmosphere, and quality food, I strongly recommend a couple of places nearby that beat Tambellini's hands down - McDonalds or SubWay.
1	Since closed.  Surprise surprise.
3	Just saw this unfinished review from a few years ago o and I see they are now closed but posting anyway. Had a weeknight dinner on a recent business trip. I really enjoy this local institution and try and stop by every time I'm in the city. The breaded zucchini is great and what they are known for. The menu is mostly traditional dishes and I've had great to good meals here but never a truly bad one. Service is always very good.
