5	Order the Oatmeal Cookie, even though it's not baked in an oven.  And probably doesn't have oatmeal's heart-healthy effects.
4	It's the best Irish bar in Phoenix metro and certainly holds its own against Casey Moore's or the Bikini Lounge.  Rula Bula is large and well lit, with a large patio out back.  There's as many varieties of Irish beer as one can drink.The real key to Rula Bula is the nooks.  Something that few bars have managed to do right in this town is nooks.  My favorite spot is just inside the front door, off to your right as you walk in.  I've spent many a night huddled with too many friends around the tiny table there.  There's a large stage that generally features good Celtic bands of one stripe or another.  Pints average five bucks a piece which is respectable enough for Mill Ave.  Rula Bula, without a doubt is the bar that reminds me most of my time in Galway with a happy, open atmosphere, plenty of room for chatting up strangers and nooks aplenty.
3	It's a fun Irish pub/restaurant.  The food is decent.  Nothing to write home about.  It's on Mill Ave so you can expect a college crowd.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
3	I'm not sure how it is that I've never been to Rula Bula.  Of course, I don't spend much time on Mill. Friends suggested Rula Bula for drinks and snacks tonight.  I arrived to a completely dead place at 4 p.m.  I found my buddies on the large back patio.  The patio is great and so was the weather today.Service was a little sketchy, but nothing major.  We did have to change tables after we got pooped on four times by the birds in the tree up above.  Happy hour on Sundays if from 4 to close.  $1 off drafts and well drinks.  Then the server announced that all apps were half price.  Not sure if that's a happy hour thing or not.  We had a few things to share.  Here are the results.  The lemon shrimp app was pretty good -- a cold shrimp dish, which we weren't expecting since it didn't say that on the menu.  And the smoked salmon plate with cukes, onions and capers.  A steal for $4!  The salmon was good and went well with the soda bread.  We also shared a Shepherd's Pie.  The meat was good and it wasn't too greasy or running.  Just right!I'll be back to try more tasty offerings.Slainte!
4	I was here on a rainy afternoon to meet up with a friend for a beer and some fish and chips, though I've never been in here at night. That said, the fish and chips were money. As they should be. If an authentic Irish pub can't serve some solid fried fish filets, I lose quite a bit of respect for it. The service was fine, but it's a little hard to guage from only seeing it one time during a slow afternoon. We sat outside undercover for a bit after we finished lunch and it has potential to be a great hangout area. If I'm around Mill on St. Patty's, I will definitely be around Rula Bula.
4	actually really like this place, but rarely come here. probably cause it's on the Mill "strip" and just about everything else there is not like this place at all.this is a fairly large pub complete with brass accented bar and hardwood floors. the food is super English/Irish with Shepard's Pie and other "meat and potatoes" fare. not cheap, but it's unique and good, so it's worth it.there is live music every weekend, and possibly during the week, too. i think weekends after 10 they start charging a cover, but it's only like $3. it can get really loud inside, especially with the live music, but thankfully, there's a huge outdoor courtyard area with a bar, which is where i spend my time there.the crowd can be college, but not obnoxious college, it's a laid back crowd of students and older folk, too. the place can get pretty busy during the semester, and sometimes the wait at the bar is frustrating.all in all, it's a cool place, especially among all the other trashy, club-like places that abound in that area. i only knock off a star for the terrible indoor acoustics and bar service during peak hours, which can't really be helped anyway.
4	The last time we (me and my drinkin' buddy) were here, it was:- Spring break- In a college town- During March Madness- During Spring Training- On...St. Patrick's Day.Talk about quintuple witching hour.Oh myfuckinggoditwasoffthehook. We walked in at 7:30 p.m. after moving hotels from a tragedy to something nice. 7:30 p.m. remember. There were people there drinking since 10 a.m., and looked every bit of it.Yeah, the service sucked. The service has always sucked here.But they have a great drink menu (come on, it's an Irish pub), the food is top notch, as talked about by the guy who's my friend and his parents are from England, and he knows something about fish and chips. Not the crappy fish and chips that most "English" pubs have, but the flaky kind this place and real English pubs do.The sheperd's pie is also top notch, and so is the stew. Every time I've been here, they've had some band, sometimes it's too loud, but it's all part of the fun.
4	Before I begin, I would like to point something out to the Yelpers of Tempe, Az-  All of the Guinness in the United States is imported from Ireland.  Yes, there are other breweries outside of Ireland, but America only receives Guinness from Ireland.  So, it stands to reason, that Rula Bula would, indeed, have imported-from-Ireland Guinness. That is nothing special. However, the two times I've been to Rula Bula, the Guinness was poured well (one server even attempted the shamrock in the head... she didn't quite succeed, but she was new and it was the effort that counts).Also, the food it super yummy!  I can't wait to drive back to Arizona in a few weeks, just so I can have the whiskey bread pudding again! It is the stuff of dreams and nightmares... nightmares only because I'm always too full to eat it all- but it's always too delicious to stop eating it!
3	Luckily I came here in the summer, so I've missed all the frat-guy chodes.  I love me some Irish pubs, but somehow Rula Bula is lacking.  I can't really place it.   It's nowhere close to feel that emanates from Rosie McCaffreys, Casey Moores or Dubliners.   At those places you can't mistake the environs.  I think Omer is right on re: the lighting, ceilings and decor here.I really like the fish and chips here - especially the quarter inch think round potato chips.   Paired with a pint of Harp, and I was a happy camper.   Service was ok - neither fast nor quick.  But after the second beer, the server brought out the check before asking if we'd like another.  wtf?
3	While I love the fact that there's an Irish pub on Mill Avenue, I have to agree with Stevey P. when he says that it's missing something. I've been to Irish pubs all over the Valley and Rula doesn't exude that same warmth that Chandler's Fibber Magees does or  the free-spirited feel of Phoenix's Seamus McCafferys or the Cheers-vibe of Casey Moore's.  And the bar's food has never really wowed me. But if you want something different then the usual "Girls Gone Wild" bars that line Mill Avenue, this is your place. You won't see guys doing body shots off the girls. And you can get a mean Black Velvet.
4	It's not Casey's.  It's just not.  Not even close.  If you can get past that.  I think the food is better.  Guinness pours are on par with Casey's, and they have live music.  Sometimes it's even good! I like live music.  They have a back patio which is way smaller than Casey's and has no Blarney Stone.  The front area is too bright and too clean but they do have some cute stuff up on the walls.  It's a great place for drinking when it's not crowded.  St. Patricks at Rula is what's the word? Oh yes. Insane.  I have never made out with a girl in the bathrooms here.   I haven't decided if that's because Rula is too classy or I'm too classy.  Perhaps a bit of both.
4	I admit, I like this place. In a town like Boston, or NYC, this would be 2 stars, but in Phoenix, it's one of the few Irish pubs you can go to, that is somewhat authentic (authentic meaning Guinness owns these, and Guinness is made in Ireland, so hence this is an Irish pub) . It feels like home, from the Boston bartenders, to the Red Sox fans that seem to flock there. The prices are good, the food is surprisingly good, and they have a great staff. They have live music on the weekends, with a small cover, and bartender selected music the other nights( which can be terrible, depending on who is spinning). The patio is really quaint and secluded from Mill St.  When it's not hots as nuts out most people hang out here. They do have misters, so don't wear your glasses outside if it's misty season. My only problem, is one of location. Mill St. for the post college folk, can be annoying. You have a lot of options in the terms of bars, but this is one of the few worth going into. It seems to attract and older crowd, and  the ASU students that are mature and just looking to chill. It's mellow and not college-y at all. (new word) If you like the Irish Pub feeling, this place is rather cool.
3	I like Rula Bula, but I am not sure I will ever love it.It's a nice change of pace and scene from the rest of Mill.  The happy hour is good, but only goes until 6:30. What is up with that? I can barely make it to happy hour by 7, so ending at 6:30 really sucks.  Most of the food is unimpressive and not extremely memorable...the baked brie appetizer is about the only item on the menu that is worth ordering.I dig the live music-it reminds me of the pubs we went to when we vacationed in Ireland this summer.  However, Rula Bula as a whole really lacks the intimacy of pubs in Ireland and if you are inside on a weekend night while a band is playing, forget having a conversation with whoever you are with unless you want to shout or are standing close to the door.  The outdoor patio is nice when you want to escape from inside.  The service is a bit slow and is really lacking at times.
4	I would probably frequent this place is I lived in Phoenix...well more likely if I was a student in Tempe.  The inside and the outside are very large so it didn't give me that 'I feel so crowded that I can't breathe, touch me and die' feeling.  Usually I don't like Irish pubs because they tend to feel like caves but this one was quite the opposite.  The bartenders were all friendly and prompt.  Everyone there seemed to be having a good time.  There was even a live band which was Irish music.  When the band wasn't playing the music they had going was all pretty decent rock stuff.  My only complaint was the immense amount of cigarette smoke.  I guess it's my own fault for sitting outside...but it seemed like everyone there was smoking all at the same time and blowing it all in my direction.  Oh and also, the bathroom was pretty small for such a big place.  Anyways...  cool place.
4	Rula Bula is a really fun place.  I like the crowd, the music (reggae cover band) was great, and nothing is overpriced.  Our server was extremely friendly as well.The Irish chips are soooooooooooo good!
4	There's not much more I can say about Rula that hasn't already been said. Except, I guess, I can tell you why I like this place. I like it for two glorious words: HAPPY + HOUR. Yes, those two words matters so much to me. Rula offers 1/2 off all appetizers and discounts on pints. What could be better? I say try the brie, for it comes with an unbelievable apple chutney. If you're looking to split an entree with a friend, opt for the lamb stew - served with a side of soda bread. The stew is hearty and the serving is huge. I've also had the shepherd's pie, which was pretty tasty. Way too large for one person, though. Also, I discovered that Rula can make ya a Raspberry or Chocolate Guinness. I don't know how either tastes, for I went with a plain (but satisfying) pint. I asked to sample the concoctions, but was told Rula doesn't let people sample liquors. Fair enough. If I could change one thing about this place (ok, maybe more than one thing), I'd have a larger beer selection - even sold by the bottle. I'd also make it less noisy and crowded at night. If you don't get there early enough to stake your spot, you're likely to be standing the entire time. That doesn't make for a very comfortable experience. Word to wise: take advantage of Rula's casual atmosphere and leave your ridiculously high heels at home.It's great that Rula offers live music. I wish they offered more. Sure, the outside patio is great, but what if I'm in the mood to play darts? I guess I'll have to go to another bar for that... and for the beer I'm really craving.WORD TO NON-MEAT EATERS:Try their veggie burger thingy - with mushrooms, peppers and such all heaped between two soft and delicious pieces of bun. Yum. It comes served with fresh, crispy and DIVINE 'tator wedges. These ain't your normal french fries, people. I STILL have cravings for them!Rula Bula's food deserves 5 stars!
5	Rula Bula is the Mike Piazza of Irish pubs.  You see, back in 1988, Piazza was the LAST player drafted by the LA Dodger in the 62nd round.  The 1390th pick overall.  One-fucking-thousand-three-hundred-and-ninetieth.  And many say that even THAT was a stretch and purportedly done as a favor from his childhood friend and Dodger manager Tommy Lasorda.But Mike got to the majors and kicked some major ass to become the best slugging catcher ever and a 12-time All Star.And that is the same story of how our little Irish spot on Tempe's Mill Ave came to the Bigs and started wrecking shop.A number of years ago, when it started, it was a pretty drab, boring place.  Then they got their shit together, hosted some Irish folk bands, and renovated their backyard.  They started distancing themselves from frat bar to autonomous Irish pub and improved their drinks selection.  Then, they revealed these out-fucking-standing fish and chips combo which slotted them for the All-Stars of little-pub-who-could, underdog perseveres status. Give me Varitek and his Irish pub up in Beantown, and I'll put Rula up against his without blinking.  Rula is THAT good.
4	There's a lot we like about Rula Bula. Hubby adores the Boxty selections, and even gets a little miffed when other Irish places do not serve them. Last time we went, we decided to try items we had not had before, so we opted to share the Fisherman's Platter (with 4 shrimp, 2 pieces of fish, and 1 scallop and chips) and the Irish Mac & Cheese with Rashers (bacon pieces). The Mac was not as stellar as I hoped, but that didn't stop us from finishing the dish. It needed a bit more seasoning, I think. The Platter was good, but the standout for us both was the chips- 1/4 inch slabs of potato cooked to perfection and sprinkled with salt and pepper. The coleslaw was also the way I like it-crispy, and not too sweet. The meal also came with two types of Irish soda bread and a side salad, which made a very nice lunch the next day, as we were completely stuffed from the dishes we shared. Service was attentive, and the prices are fair. We'll be back for the boxty, for sure.
5	Rula Bula!No, I'm not speaking Caveman, I'm talking about the coolest spot to hang on Mill Ave.The outside looks unassuming with the yellow and white. Once you walk in, it looks like a quaint little restaurant. Until you step outside into the back patio. Then the true Rula Bula experience begins!The back patio has a full bar that curves around back to the right. The patio is filled with tables and chairs that are filled with a wide variety of people, from the young, hot co-eds that go to ASU to the 9-to-5ers who are stopping in after work to the older-yet-hip crowd that still likes to get together in their 40s and 50s. The greatest thing about this place is that even though it is busy, it's not impossible to get a drink at the bar. As long as you take care of your bartenders and be respectful, they'll come back and take care of all your drink needs.Needless to say, we all left quite happy.Definitely one of my stops when I come back to AZ!
5	FOOD: After several nights of liberal boozing at Rula Bula, I just ate here for the first time today. The fish and chips are amazing!! Not only is the cod great, but the chips are the best I've ever had. The menu offers other popular Irish courses, too. The beer selection isn't the greatest, but they do have a couple good choices. PRICE: The dishes are decently priced, but the beer is relatively expensive. A pint was $5.50. ATMOSPHERE: This place is covered in wood on the inside, giving it that authentic pub ambiance. But at this time of year (spring), you gotta eat outside under an umbrella in the courtyard out back. It doesn't get much better than eating delicious fish and chips, sipping on a pint of brew in warm weather with friends. At night, it can be a fun, lively place to party. On the weekends, not sure which night, they have live bands playing. Cover will be $2 on these nights. SERVICE: Great staffSKINNY: Rula Bula is a double threat! I've been having great times at Rula Bula at night, and just had an even better time chowing down during the day. Best fish and chips in Tempe. Decent bar with great atmosphere. I'm making this my fish and chips haven!Here's to a long life and a merry one.A quick death and an easy one.A pretty girl and an honest one.A cold beer--and another one!
4	Came here for a drink with a friend and a group dinner.  So many drink options at the bar and my favorite cider was on hand.  =)There is an outdoor patio in the back that we had reserved all to ourselves.  There is a bar out here as well so you won't be empty handed for long.Since it was highly recommended on Yelp and by our server, I ordered the shepard's pie.  I kept thinking of the Friends episode when Rachel tried to make a trifle and made a trifle/shepards pie.  This was nothing like that and was very yummy.  Brussel sprouts were served on the side which I could have lived without.We also ordered potato skins which went very well with my drink.Great spot.  Great service.  I definitely come back again.
4	2 stars for the fat smelly man who is ALWAYS there inside when I'm there (and who I constantly end up walking past all night)5 stars for the fabulous patio4 stars for the crazy, cute Irishmen my girlfriend and I stupidly offered a ride back to their hotel 1 star for the crazy Irishmen who wouldn't get the fuck out of my car5 stars for the time my girlfriend made a paper towel "scarf" in the bathroom and paraded around the patio all nightAverage that up?  3.5  (Total guess...you do the math.  I'll give the benefit of the doubt and round to 4)
5	We love the Irish inspired pub themes, and Rula Bula is a great place to get that. My husband and I usually order a salad each and 1 Fish and Chips plate then split it because the portion is very large. The Fish and Chips comes with tartar sauce and malted vinegar if you like it that way. It is a great dish to drink with a Guiness!Nestled in the heart of Tempe, when you feel like getting a little culture down on Mill, Rula Bula fits the bill for both food and fun.
5	This isn't a 'just went to this place once' review - it's a 'been going to this place for years' review. Just thought I'd clarify that before getting into it. Rula Bula rocks. It was actually my first culinary experience when I moved to the valley 7 years ago. I was skeptical, as Irish pubs don't typically have a great deal to offer vegetarians (which I was at the time... now I eat fish, which opens up the menu a bit), but Rula Bula's got a few really tasty veggie options, including veggie potato skins, vegetarian shepherd's pie (that's right - never seen that anywhere else, and oh so delicious), and the four-cheese grilled sandwich. I prefer to go for lunch or dinner, as the place gets a little college kid crowded rowdy the later it gets. Yeah, I know - I'm old.
4	Best Irish Pub in Tempe.  Usually has Live entertainment on the busy nights.  It is super pricey, so I would suggest pregamming it at the house or a dive before you make a night out of this place.  Happy hour is a smokin deal for food, which is excellent by the way.  Hit up the fish and chips or any of your Irish faves...
5	I have yet to find a better fish and chips this side of the Atlantic ocean. Pair it with a Guinness, and you'll be in heaven. Corned beef ain't bad either, although it's not particularly lean (yes, I know, it's an Irish restaurant!).Good for lunch meals (since it's usually not packed at lunch), as long as you plan on not being able to think very clearly for the rest of the day. ; )Update #1: I asked an Irish friend of mine for his "take" on Rula Bula's. I didn't want to lead the Yelp community astray... He says it's the best Irish food in town! So, I guess you can take that to the bank.Update #2: A friend and I were dining at Rula Bula's when a patron behind us starting choking. I gave the heimlich a whirl, but not having the best upper body strength, stepped aside when the professional help arrived (first a very nice cook and then perhaps a manager?). Anyway, heimlich was successful, and everyone went home safe and sound (after eating the rest of the meal, of course). Hey, that's cool. I like eating at a place that's not afraid to save a life or two... Oh, the meal was good too ~ lamb stew for my friend and corned beef for me. ; )
3	I'd give them five stars if the servers weren't crabby ALL of the time and the bathrooms weren't a mess. And by mess I mean the t.p. dispensers are broken, some doors don't have locks, and they smell bad. Otherwise, the food is awesome and all of the beer offerings are, too. I've had a few of the sandwiches, and the fish are chips are my favorite--big fish, great batter.I hate that some establishments feel like, "we're unique and in high demand, so just deal with our shitty service and amenities." BUT I still come here and they know I will. Damn them.
4	Rula Bula was really really fun. The outside patio was SUPER packed...I was pushing people out of the way just to walk inside. The inside was empty...must have just been that kind of night. The band playing inside was really great, they played some old Journey and such.We left as soon as people started fighting on the patio...Go here for a rowdy time!
2	Being of Irish decent, and having toured Ireland in the 80's, this doesn't make my list of good Irish pubs. The atmosphere is nice, I'll give them that.  Although they tout that the bar itself was made in Ireland and imported to that location, it looks nothing like the bars I saw in Ireland. Go there for the alcochol is my recommendation.  Guiness is Guiness no matter where you get it.  I thought the food was lousy. I had the Shepherd's Pie, and I sent it back. The pub does occupy a good location on Mill Avenue, so if you don't like it, you don't have to walk far to find someplace else.
5	My wife and I meet for lunch here at least once a week. My favorite foods are fish and chips and Irish Steak Salad. Ice tea is great too. Particularly great during the winter when you can sit out on the patio.
4	It was a quiet night in the Bula, friendly greeting from the hostess team. A pleasant red hair Irish lass showed us to our table.At first seating we were put into an empty corner, our waiter Robby was happy to have us. He gave a crisp recommendation for the combo app's. Robbie my man, good call. Wings, skins, fish and yummy dippings, ranch, sour cream and tartar. Loved the frosted beer glasses, not your typical bar glass, really liked it.We had an eclectic parade of people sitting in our section, week day, early evening probably has a different feel than other times.Robbie made another good call on sword fish & halibut recommendations. We really liked his humor and repartee. Nice job Robbie!
4	whether out back on the patio or in the bar.  It is fun. great college bar. Irish of ourse which means... people are getting drunk!Tuesday night they have the open mic which is my style and as long as the place is not packed to the gills anynight RulaBula is a great place to make a new friend :)
4	Nice incarnation of an Irish pub.  The bar is basically two large rooms which is subdivided to give you that cosy feeling.  They have a large, back, outdoor patio complete with it's own full-service bar.  Great place to hang out on a beautiful night!  The Shepherd's Pie entree was so good, I had to return the next night to have it again as I am from out of town.  Both times they were excellent.  Also, the Irish soda bread (basically, homemade, white bread made with baking soda instead of yeast, and they add raisins) was fantastic.  I don't remember the music on the patio the first night , but on my return, they were playing Van Morrison inside--which I could listen to all night.I went there on Thursday and Friday night.  No live music either night.  I had heard they have live music but unless I am blind and deaf....Friday was pretty crowded, but with a good crowd.  Also, it is a little bright inside for an Irish pub.  C'mon people, turn the lights down:  we are drinking and trying to relax, and we're probably not gonna look that hot anyway after 3 or 4 Guinnesseseses--which, by the way, were delicious @ Rula Bula! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/utoTa3Ngv_oSfB5TIMgN_Q?select=U1IbIb_HFj_VxJYxf1t2ZQ
5	My favorite bar in Tempe.  You can never go wrong here.  Have the fish and chips to eat.  Have many servings of delicious Smithwick's.  Have Jameson.  Lots and lots of fun even when it's a bit crowded on the weekend.  Just show up a bit earlier on Friday and Saturday.
3	Great location.  Decent food.  Okay alcohol selection.  It is no Fibbermagee's.  It's not what I would call authentic Irish pub, but its a fun commercial knock off.  Better than most selections on Mill Avenue.
4	wow, was i pleasantly surprised at this little place. i initially thought it was just a pub, but on top of a lengthy bar, it also had some choice seating for restaurant patrons. reportedly, they know how to serve a thick beer and every great import is on tap.as luck would have it, i happened upon this place while there was a very talented live band that made it possible to watched the Irish jiggers do their... uh... jig.it was pretty crowded and my party of six couldn't find a seat anywhere. the place was overrun by overly-euro looking men, all in their 6'5" frames and no shorter. my Mexican friend was the only distinctly American-looking person in the place.the place had such great ambiance that we stayed until last call.Honestly, this place is a jewel on Mill Ave.
4	Can't go wrong with shepherd's pie and a Guiness.
5	Boxty, boxty, boxty. How tasty and wonderful yet simple... It's just a thick potato pancake wrapped around some scrumptious filling like guinness braised beef or broccoli and cheddar. This is my uncle's favorite place to eat when he's in town (he's VERY PICKY and likes simple stuff and not too many veggies), and every time I bring someone there they really enjoy it. I love the cozy pub feel on the inside, and if it's a nice day it's great to have outside seating as an option too.
3	Stop #1 for the Light Rail Pub Crawl was Rula Bula... at least for me - and it was my first time there!I was with my mother-in-law-to-be (Joan M), and upon making our way to the back patio, we were welcomed by a huge group of yelpers.  Great back patio by the way.  I had a Stella and Joan an Irish coffee...Kate was our server and handled our group well - she did a good job considering so many peeps arriving at different times and paying separately.  Only one discrepancy that I overheard but it wasn't too big a deal...The bathroom was pretty filthy and the TP was out in one stall while the door wouldn't shut on another - not a fan of nasty bathrooms in restaurants.Enjoyable pub atmosphere and convenient location on Mill Ave just off the Light Rail.  Although we didn't eat during our visit, I was impressed with the selection on the menu and based on the positive reviews that came before mine, I would totally be open to returning to eat sometime.  I'll update then!
3	I have been to Rula Bula quite a few times and cannot really remember anything memorable about it, so I was a little concerned selecting it as the starting place for my groups pub crawl. I was actually really pleasantly surprised with the outcome despite a few less-than-desirable things. The patio area was a great choice. Plenty of room to accommodate our large crowd, both smokers and not. They also have Strongbow, which made me happy (just wish Amanda could have been there to share a glasss!!!) There was an incredibly drunken guy sitting at the bar who was loud and obnoxious. It took a little too long for the bartender to kick him out. As Gabi mentioned in her review, the bathrooms were pretty gross and certainly not maintained throughout the day. As for food, I had the cheese and tomato sandwich on wheat with the potato fries. I was pleasantly surprised by my food and I really loved those little tasty fries. Yum! Our server was able to accommodate all of us Yelpers pretty easily, although I ordered at the bar. Overall Rula Bula is okay... but I certainly would never plan my evening around it.
3	Rula Bula has some really great pros but they are outweighed by one major con. The patio is awesome, the music is not too loud so its great to go with a group and hang out and have a conversation while drinking, I love it. I also think their prices are reasonable and the selection of beer and whiskey is good too. My major point of contention is having to pay cover, yes I know the last time I went I only had to fork over two dollars, but that just makes me ask "why two dollars? do they really need to shake me down for the extra few bucks?" I hate paying cover to frequent an establishment Here is an idea, why dont I start a restaurant and just to walk in the door I charge 10 bucks. Ohhhh?? Thats crazy you say? Then bars need to stop this insane practice. (exception is bars doing a crazy drink special like penny bladder busters or a band is playing, a real band, I am not referring to the mediocrity I have seen at rula bula in the past)
3	If I have to choose a bar on Mill Ave. to goto, I goto Rula Bula. They've got a good selection of beer, food, and plenty of space to chill. I can look past the $2 weekend cover, because I guess compaired to some of the 10-25 dollar covers I've experienced while living in AZ, this ain't so bad.  Sometimes (forgot which days) they have nice live music here. There's a couple that comes in and one of them plays the fiddle really well (They have other non-irish performers as well). I still say they should get somekind of Irish/Celtic jukebox that continiously plays Irish drinking songs or something. I mean, it would be a big improvement on the random mix of hip-hop/techno they do play (when their radio is actually working). I guess asking for more Irish music in an "Irish pub" is pretty silly of me.
4	Great food, great service, great location.
1	This was a very bizarre land of contradiction. It really seemed unclear as to whether this was supposed to be a bar that served food and had bands, a restaurant that had douches and band, a venue that also had food, etc. They then told us we could sit at the only table there, or not. They were still serving food, no they weren't yes they were. Maybe it was our bad for going for dinner, but what was the cover for? The alleged entertainment certainly didn't earn it.   Food was ok, i suppose, as long  the other choice was Chef Boyardee, The staff was oblivious, over loaded, and disorganized. The whole experience reminded me why I was skeptical to begin with.
2	A friend of mine plays there on Mondays...so we wanted to surprise him and go watch him play.  So I called about 3pm to find out what time he goes on.  Here's how the conversation went:Me: **ring ring**Rula: This is SteveMe: Hello is the Rula BulaRula: YeahMe:  I was just wondering what time Shelby goes on tonight?Rula: I don't even know.  Probably 9, 9:30, 10Me: Can you get me someone who can find out?Rula: No, there are no managers here. (He hung up at this point)I don't know about you, but that was not customer service at all.   So I waited an hour, called again.  This time got a girl.  I knew she would be better then the last guy cause she answered the phone..."Thank you for calling Rula Bula.  How can I help you."  Much better then, "This is steve". She told me exactly what time Shelby went on and let me know that they serve food til 10p.So we got there about 8:30p.  Ordered drinks and food.  Was enjoying ourselves until the server came over and told us she was going to have to close our tab because she was leaving.  That is one of my biggest pet peeves, when I am forced to close my tab cause that person wants to go home.  Why can't my tab just be transfered to someone else?  So we're enjoying music and the bartender comes to clear our glasses and my friend ask her if he could have another stella.  She doesn't say anything and just walks away.  15 mins later we're looking for her to find out about the stella, we make eye contact with her from our table and motion for the stella.  She points to the end of the bar.  Apparently she served it when we ordered it and then just left it at the bar and never said anything to us.  I used to like hanging out at Rula Bula, but it seems that lately it's gotten expensive and the service has gone to shit.  I don't know why they tell you that the pints of beer at $4.50, when they are actually $5.50.  I won't go back anytime soon.  I'll stick to Fibbers and The HatRack Pub.
3	umm yea. there is nothing all that great about the Rulai was here with my BFF (yea like a teenage girl, lol) cause we was bored and figured get out of the spot.we took the train up to mill already half toasted on a couple cans of Mickies in thirstbuster cups care of Circle K. (heart) circle K kay..! ya know.anyways so walked up and down mill scoffing at the people looking to get fucked up. i blew up AmyD on the cell saying we would catch up with her at the sets or yucca tap room...ended up walking back to the Rula and grabbed a couple drinks. umm. yea. this place isn't really great or anything.  just kinda like all the rest of the "bars" on mill. just irish stylized. i've been here plenty of times before and never thought to myself..."wow what a great irish bar". meh. it's kinda like a themed college bar and nothing more. oh well. grabbed a couple blue moons and bizounced. threw a middle finger to mill as we jumped on the "trolly" and busted ass back to PHX screaming "602"
4	Seems like there is a bunch of folks on here that got a wedgie just before they went in, maybe a trip to Sensations before your next visit?  It's just next door!This place is an excellent excuse of an Irish Bar.  It is too big and airy for the Pub name.  To be fair, I do avoid this place on Fri and Sat nights, most of the other nights though it is a great, fun place to hang out.  They often have music, you can check the internet for details (sic).  One of my favorite aspects of this place is that inside and the back porch are two completely different feels.  I really like both, but prefer the porch at night unless there is good music.  Very chill and same stuff on tap and plateThe drinks here are expensive, but not necessarily over-priced.  The Guiness is thicker here, I think it is the imported kind.  They have an excellent selection of liquors, especially whiskey.  Their prices are better for expensive Irish Whiskey than other bars in the valley. The food I've had is fusion Irish and very good.  The Beef and Guiness Boxty is heavy and delicious.  The salads are inventive.  Snacks are also good and high quality, the Irish Chips come with two great sauces and are a great snack over many drinks.Go on a Thursday or Sunday night for dinner and drinks.I think there is an open mic on Tuesdays
1	Formerly a favorite, definitely gone downhill.  Primarily due to managers who seem to feel like they are doing you a favor by allowing you to spend your money, and oh yes, its a lot of money.You want a real Irish Pub, go to Casey Moore's and skip the attitude
1	when i first walked in i had to honestly contimplate whether i could stomache the atrocious stench of the place... it smelled like an old molded book. and then my husband and i recieved no attention by any staff members... we felt awkward being there.  long story short we went to darcy mgees and we were so glad we did.
2	I've been to better, much better, pubs in my lifetime with much better atmosphere and attitudes, but... It's good when you need what they have.I have to agree that it has certainly lost a little of something in the past few years, but Rula Bula still seems to make decent fish & chips, shepherd's pie and boxty (their self-proclaimed specialty).It's on Mill, so if you're there during the weekend afternoons, expect kids. Lots and lots of kids. I like kids. I teach kids. I don't want to see kids when I go to a pub or bar. I especially don't want to see kids when I'm in Tempe sitting on the patio enjoying a smoke and a beer. But hey, it's Tempe. It's Mill on a Saturday afternoon, what the heck should I be expecting, right?Pretty much the only reason I care to come here anymore is the food (or because my mom still loves it and wants to meet up for lunch). It could use a "new coat of paint," so to speak, though. And by that I mean they should try to rough up their image a little, lower their prices and stock more (better) beers.
5	Aside from an Irish Pub in Illinois, this has one of the best Sheppards Pie that I've ever had. They have fantastic service, good craque (atmosphere) and good music.
4	Great selection of Irish whiskies, good sandwiches.  We ate there a couple times during a week long visit in Tempe, and it became my favorite place in the whole town.  I got to sample an early '50s Bushmill, which was very mellow, but good.
4	I hadn't been to RulaBula for a while for lunch thinking it was pretty expensive and while its not cheap, they seem to have organized their menu a bit better for lunch time.  We were able to get in today without a wait even though there was a street fair of some type going on right in front of the place on Mill ave. I had the special which was an open face pot roast sandwich which was very filling for $9.25.  I have always enjoyed my lunches there and will definitely go again.
4	After living in Tempe for 18 months and making more trips to Rula Bula than I can count on one hand, I figured it was time for an update. I'm still not wowed by the food - baked brie and the chips w/Killarney Sauce are the only two items I will order because they are both really good. The outdoor patio is awesome. I've always had fast service and even though it does get crowded at night, I never feel super cramped. The only thing I didn't appreciate was before an ASU football game a few months ago, I wasn't allowed to order two drinks at the outdoor bar because they were both going to be for me. Apparently that wasn't allowed - lame. Indoors is still a lot of fun especially due to the live music. Bar service inside is fast for me, but that's probably because some of the bartenders recognize me from how much I frequent Rula Bula.I'm bumping Rula Bula up to four stars because I always have a good time drinking there with my husband and friends. Plus we always meet interesting people and have fun stories when we leave. Go for the drinking and music, not for the food.
5	Ahh-yes. You either get it.... or you don't. Rula Bula is one of the BEST, and most genuine places to hang in the Tempe/S Scottsdale area. The food is always there- and it's surprisingly good Pub fare, but what this place sells most successfully is soulful ambience, a down-to-earth yet diverse  crowd, interesting live music, a gorgeous patio, and a cool-as-hell waitstaff. That's the hook.It's the kind of place where women get up and dance to live music because they're actually moved to "get down". Not that there isn't a little frontin' and narcissistic booty-shaking going on, but it feels very balanced and chill, because everyone else is either lounging in beat-up  wooden booths, hanging out in a laid back fashion on the patio, or tucked away in an intimate corner somewhere.It's also a place where alot of people pass through on their way to somewhere else for the evening, and is nestled against an upscale hotel- so if you're into people watching, there are always fresh faces. The staff is very cool and keeps things on the upbeat overall. It's a great time, and cool place to meet other cool people. .
4	I loved the beer garden here!  My girlfriend and I met up with some friends here during a coast-to-coast road trip.  It was our first time in Tempe, and a good time it was!We got to the bar just as it was starting to get busy on a Friday night.  Our intentions were to have one drink and then go back to our hotel to get a good night's sleep, but the atmosphere held us in and we couldn't leave!Unfortunately, we couldn't party too hard since we had to continue on our trip early the next morning, but we could easily see ourselves having too much fun here.  We didn't have any of the food and mostly chilled outside where it was starting to get crowded, but the bartenders were attentive.  There was a live band playing cover songs in a polka-style inside, and a bunch of people were dancing and having a good old time.We will certainly remember to hit up this place if we ever revisit Tempe!
4	When I'm in Tempe, so far, there is only one place I need to go to, and that's Rula Bula.I'm a huge fan of their sister place, Lis Doon Varna, and they basically have the same menu.I love the fish & chips, and I have no problem downing 3 pints of Guinness there.Great place, and great times.
3	This is probably one of the most "authentic" Irish pubs in the phoenix area. The others don't look like an Irish pub, have very very poor beer selections, and lack a substantive Irish demography inside from both staff and patrons. Rula Bula defies most of these downfalls of Phoenix area Irish pubs.Whether or not this pub was disassembled and shipped here I'm not sure, but it looks just like the other pubs claiming this accomplishment. Authentic menu selections round out the place nicely, though on the pricey side for both food and beverage.Staff could be more polite, even if the patrons are not Irish (as I am not). Just not a comfortable, inviting feel to me. College yuppie clientele seem common.Beer selection is a typical limited selection of British and Irish imports. Nothing special. If you must have an Irish pub and you're in Tempe then this is your place. If not, there are other places of interest to the beer enthusiast in Tempe.
4	-Irish pub atmosphere (that's what you were expecting, right?).-Patio for when you need some fresh air.-Occasional live folk music.-Decadent bread pudding: totally worth it no matter what you're drinking.
4	Upon my second trip to Tempe, I had to return to the Rula Bula.  One night, I again had the shepherd's pie, and it was average--not what I raved about 6 months ago.  Maybe an off night for the chef.  Another night, however, I ordered the pork tenderloin dinner and it was fantastic!  It rivaled any dish you might get at an upscale restaurant.  Seriously.  Anyway, people come here to drink and socialize, not for a fine dining experience.  It still gets 4 stars for cool atmosphere, an open-mike night, good Guinness, and a great outdoor patio.
5	Good atmosphere in a great bar (totally imported from Ireland) and good fresh beer. Good food and even better to celebrate the Saint Patrick day's. You should stop here if you are around Mill.
3	we decided to give this place a whirl for a few brews and food before heading to the celeberty theater for a show. we found street parking across the street.......score. we went in and took a seat just inside the door. we sat there for a few minutes before our very pleasent wait person came over she took our drink order and came back within a few minutes again. we went ahead and ordered the guiness barbque sauce wings ,fish nuggetts w/chips and for a potato overkill the skins as well all the food was very tasty . she informed us that a wait person had called in ill and that was why the service was a little slow.....not that i ask because i thought the service was just fine for as busy as it was...................we will add a 1/2 star just for that
3	The first time we went it was FANTASTIC! I mean right down to the shamrock topping off my Guinness. The second time was good but no shamrock kinda bummed about it. The third time was a let down, no consistency and I doubt I will go back totally bummed. A real Meh experience.  I hope it gets better but tillI hear the shamrocks back I'm staying at Fibber's.
4	Visiting Tempe and was just walking off dinner and decided to stop in for a beer.  Wound up smoking a good cigar and having a few pints.  Very friendly staff
4	Pretty good place if you are looking for an Irish Pub. There are much better out there, but for Tempe it's pretty good. Prices are EXPENSIVE, and sometimes they have trouble pouring... but it is a great atmosphere and usually a chill crowd.
4	I have worked on Mill for over a decade and Rula Bula has stood the test of time in my restaurant rotation. Last Friday I went for happy hour, and yesterday for lunch. Both expierinces were so pleasant I thought it high time to yelp it. Happy hour was great. Our bartender was attentive and funny and made sure to come around before last call. They have some great apps on special, chicken fingers, skewers, potato skins ect. Their lunch menu features weekly specials, so there is always some thing new and different to try. I went there with a group of 5 ladies and we everyone was happy with their choice. I had the grilled cheese on marble rye (with tomato and 4 types of cheese this sandwich is delicious), I have tried the boxtys, potato pies, bangers and mash, french dip and salmon - all great. Our dining experience was enjoyable last week mainly do to our server (Nathan?). He split our bill without being asked and had boxes and change before we finished eating. When you're on a lunch break, not having to wait around at the end of your meal is a big plus. Rula Bula has a great outdoor patio, fun pub atmosphere, excellent Irish pub food and is located right off the Light Rail.  You can't go wrong.
5	I know that most of my friends and I come here for the drinks for they have awesome food as well.  I used to come here all the time with my family when they visited because my Dad is Irish and loves any Irish pub.  They have a great Guinness beef puff pastry type deal, deliciously unhealthy mac and cheese and an awesome desserts.  I love the brown bread ice cream and their bread pudding!  And then once you've devoured all that food (if you can still move) they have great drinks and live bands!
3	Pros: They have Strongbow. It's a wimpy cider but I still love it.- GREAT hamburgers. I love them much more than their Shepherd's Pie.If you go there before 10, you won't get to hear the live music but at least you'll avoid the mass of drunk college kids swarming outside. It's a bit more for the out of college crowd but perhaps that's why I like it.
4	This is a Mill Avenue classic! They brought the bar from Ireland, you really feel like you are ina traditional pub in here. There is a large outdoor patio with fulll bar for smokers and on those lovely nights. They have heaters. Inside there is a large bar and a dining room with an eclectic assortment of tables. FOOD and drink: They have a number of traditional dishes, but I am sorry to say that noe have been outstanding enough to make me come back for the food. But, they do have Smithwick's and many other great beers and whiskeys so come in for a drink and live music. They have different music each night, always something fun!
5	Rula Bula saved my marriage!  Rula Bula also holds the secrets of the Free Masons, is a regular meeting place for the Illuminati, and the Knights Templar once excavated its basement with the goal of finding the Holy Grail.  Okay, now that I have your attention, I can honestly say that only one of those things are true.  The fact of the matter is that I have put off writing a review of Rula Bula for over a year because I have always found it difficult to articulate why I love this place so much.  Anyway, I could put it off no longer, so here it goes:Many years ago, when I came of drinking age, Rula was one of the first pubs I went to and it has always held a special place in my heart.  Now, do not get me wrong, the reasons that I hold RB in such high regard are not all based upon sentimental nostalgia.  Let us start with the menu.  I am a vegetarian and Rula has always been a safe refuge for me; the vegetarian shepherds pie is phenomenal and their veggie burger is always a safe bet.  Rula also has my favorite dessert in the Valley of the Sun; the Irish Bread Pudding with Vanilla Ice Cream is responsible for an extra five pounds I carry around these days.Moving on, the ambience of this Irish pub located in the desert is relaxation incarnate.  Okay, let the debate end right here, right now--although Rula Bula's bar and woodwork were constructed in Ireland and shipped to Tempe, this does not make it an authentic Irish pub, and someone arguing either side of that coin is a moron.  Nowhere in the bar, on their menu, or on their website do the owners claim that Rula is an "authentic" Irish pub.  RB is 7500 miles from Ireland, so no, it is not going to be exactly like the homeland.  Also, I do not seem to read a lot of reviews of people complaining that Pizzeria Bianco's food and ambience is not authentic, the way it is in Naples; get over it, people.Beer!  I love that I can get all of my favorite Irish and English beers on tap here.  Live music!  I love their open mic night and basically all the other nights during the week when they have great bands playing.  One last point, they have a great staff of bartenders and servers.  Enjoy!
4	Pros --  The food is actually really good for pub food.  Excellent shrimp pasta.-  Patio - dedicated bar, you can smoke cigars, misters and heaters-  Scotch list is extensive and reasonably priced - even for the good stuffCons - -  College students pack it during the semesters - so get there early-  Inside space is small so the music is LOUD and makes talking hard.  If you go late, go for the music.-  Staff is a mixed bag.  Day staff is great - night staff seems overwhelmed frequently
5	This is one of the few places I can go, sit at the bar, & order a nice dinner & maybe a Blue Moon and feel "among my people." Also...I can bring my 80something parents and 50something siblings here on St Pat's Day (granted- DAY, not night) and they fully enjoy it. Finally...this is where I learned that my culture has FOOD! Yes- the Irish have a culinary heritage. Who knew. At Rula it looks like: salmon, boxty, bread pudding ice cream, shepherd's pie. Don't let the bar appetizers keep you from ordering 1 or 2 great entrees....
5	If you are Irish (which I am) and in Tempe, Az., this is home for you!!!  I loved the place.  Lots of Irish momentos, had some of the finest Guinness's mixed with other items.  For intance, had a Guiness with Cider (corwn float).  It made it tasty.  Did not have food, (ate nearby).  But saw the menu had reasonable prices and the food was irishy.  The Bartender, Steve, was friendly and informative.  Everyone should stop in when on Mill St. in Tempe and have a Guinnes.  Slainte!!!!
4	This is my favorite bar. There is atmosphere, good food, good music, and good drinks. What else can you ask for?The outside patio can be a great setting for a romantic lunch while the inside is home to many a happy and loud night. Cider and reggae, salad and traditional Irish grub... I still have not tried the boxty.This place has some vegetarian options, mainly salads, but those are delicious.This is the perfect place to cure those didn't-do-well-on-my-biochem-final-blues.
1	You might be willing to deal with the over priced drinks, a cover on the weekend, and a large crowd, and I certainly was too so that I could experience one of the cooler patios in the Tempe area, however their bartenders completely killed the experience for me.  I was surprised to find that the only 22 year-old douche bartenders in Arizona are not confined to the Scottsdale area.  They were rude, disrespectful to me and my friends, and when I explained this to the manager he tried to be apologize in what I thought was sincerity, only to witness his bartenders be BIGGER douches in front of him, and all the manager could do was apologize.  "Yes, our bartenders are douche's, come in on a night when it's slow and they are not here and I will make sure you have a good time."  No thanks.  If I'm looking for douche I'll simply head to the grocery store and save myself the trouble.
4	We've been here a few times before while visiting family in Arizona.  First off, let me just say the Rueben Sandwich is AWESOME.  This is what sold us on Rula Bula the first time we came here.  The 2nd time we went, we had a Rueben...and guess what the 3rd time we went, another Rueben!  Can't get enough of them I guess. We decided that this would be a nice place for our family to go after my Dad's memorial service.  Called a few days ahead and spoke with the manager, explained the occasion and what we were looking for- somewhere that we could sit outside for a few hours, have a meal and some drinks, enjoy the beautiful weather and hang out for a while reminiscing with family.  It was indeed all that!   Our server was very good- the food was excellent (yes, we had a Rueben!)...and we also decided to split an order of fish and chips, also, very good.  We ended up hanging out for about 2 1/2 hours.  They never rushed us to get out and they even separated the checks between all the different groups of family.  Most places put up a stink if asked to make separate checks, however, Rula Bula did not.  They were very accommodating and friendly.Did I mention that they also have Guinness 250 on tap here?  Another plus!The only qualms I had about our visit is that I was a little disappointed how the tables were set up for our party.  They were split into 2 tables, and it would have been nice to have them grouped into one large table.  Instead we all just kept shifting seats in order to visit with different members of the family...no biggie I guess.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking to have a great meal, a good drink, in a laid-back atmosphere.  I'll definably come here again, next time, for Rueben #4!!! :)
5	I've always loved Rula Bula, but I have to tell you I went there for lunch last weekend during the Tempe Art Festival and they really out did themselves.  The place was packed, but we were warmly greeted and because we didn't mind a high-top table, we were promptly seated.  Our waitress was over the top....very friendly and attentive, as was all the wait staff.  We found out later that our waitress had 19 tables she was covering at that time, but you never would have known it.  The food was excellent, as always, the the drink was even better.
4	Ahh yes your traditional Irish Pub! This is the first bar were I had the pleasure of experiencing the Oatmeal Cookie Cocktail (which they do very well by the way). Most of the Mill Ave. crowd know Rula Bula as a great bar but many forget about it as a lunch or dinner option. They do a great lunch menu with sandwiches, Shepard's Pie ect. I usually get their French Dip with their house made fries which is almost too much food. Their fries are wonderful, basically sliced potatoes fried until they are golden brown. However, I have friends that swear the Shepard's Pie is the best thing on the menu. The service can be a little slow as they often get hit with the convention crowd from the Tempe Mission Palms next door. However, it's affordable and just good home-style food.
3	Since everyday is a good day for a Guinness, and since I happen to be on Mill every single day, this is the spot I like to come to collaborate those 2 facts of life. I also really love that I get free drinks, often, but I think its just the red hair. Seriously, red heads in Irish pubs.. I could tell stories for days..Its not exactly your model Irish pub, but they have a decent happy hour, yummy menu options, lots of space and a sweet patio with an outdoor bar. The only real downfall here is the douchey dudes that are always here and that it is always retardedly packed after 8pm. Otherwise, its all good. Seriously subtract that and add a mechanical Bull or something equally obnoxious, and I'm a fan for life.
3	A little back story: I'm from AZ, but went out-of-state for college. Somehow, I was able to graduate in 4 yrs, while most of my friends who stayed home were on the 5 to 5 1/2 year plan. Well, this meant when I moved back to AZ after graduation I got to relive my last year of college all over again (this was fun at times, but not so much at other times since I had a job), and at the time I really enjoyed Rula Bula. Compared to some of the other bars on Mill, this ones seems to attract a less douchey crowd and shockingly what appears to be more a slightly more mature group of ASU students (there is such a thing!). Even after outgrowing the Mill scene, this was one of the few bars along the street I would still occasionally go to. Over this past Christmas weekend when I was in town visiting I came here with a group of friends and a good time was had by all!!! There's nothing about this place that particularly stands out. We had a super cooperative waitress on this last visit who had no problem keeping track of individual tabs and kept the drinks flowing (everything from long islands to car bombs!).  There's both an indoor and outdoor bar w/patio and both bars have multiple bar tenders so things move quickly. I've never had the food here, but I've heard from people who have that's it's good. The bouncers are nice as well (it didn't happen this last time, and I'm not sure if they do anymore, but if I remember correctly in the past they do charge a small cover occasionally when there's live music). Not that it's a big deal for me, but the bathrooms are not the cleanest. Ladies, if your bathroom looks the same, sorry.
3	i'm irish. like red hair, freckles, i like lucky charms irish. this place.... isn't irish. sure, it's got Guinness signs and there's Harp on tap, but ahhhhh no. it tries. it really does. i think they had something on the menu called the 'dublin burger'. see? it's trying.having said that and dispelling this silly rumor that this place is an irish pub, i have to say that its not terribly awful. i dug the whole two bars thing (one in the establishment and one out back on the patio). i love patios. i'm a sucker for outdoor drinking. they have heat lamps out there for when AZ is not 110 degrees. its pretty nice.service was so so. the bartendress in the front wasn't exactly attentive and kind didn't give a crap if we wanted food or not. the waitress on the patio was great. she was on top of our drink orders and even anticipated others. pretty spiffy.food was decent. i split the fish and chips and the irish potato nacho-y thingies. for the money, i would say it really wasn't worth it. i would probably head down to gordon biersch to get some bang for your buck in that area but the beer selection was decent and they had harp on tap. points there. decent place to grab a beer. i also saw that they have a live band come in from time to time. dunno how great that sounds being indoors in that smallish area, but /shrug. to each his own.
3	Don't tell my husband I'm giving Rula Bula 3 stars.  He thinks it deserves 4.  But he should try earning his little Elite badge and write his own review I say.After Zoolights fell through on Saturday night (not interested in walking from a parking lot in Chandler to get there), we found ourselves on Mill, which is actually only the 2nd time I've ever been on Mill.  My husband, on the other hand, had too many months unsupervised in the Valley before I joined him, and has apparently visited many of these fine establishments, including Rula Bula.Not being a huge fan of Irish food, or beer for that matter, I decided this would be the 1 in 100 dining experiences I let him choose.  I loved  the interior I must say.  And the menu is not so bad either.  If I could find quesadillas and hot wings in Ireland, I might just visit.  But so as to not completely humiliate my husband, I ordered a cider, rather than a margarita, and fish 'n chips.  The cider was perfect, not too sweet.  If only beer should taste this good...The fish (cod) was perfectly cooked and the batter was flavorful.  I just wish it was a little more crispy.  Perhaps it didn't hold up to my splash of vinegar.  The chips were near perfect, except I wish the fish hadn't been plopped on top as it caused them to lose their crispiness, too.I would be happy to come back to Rula Bula again.  They have a great patio with a bar out there as well.  But I think I'll stick to the time of year when ASU is not in session.  I have a sneaking suspicion this place is a different beast when school starts back up.
3	Of course this place makes its name as a pub, but I'll review it as a restaurant.  I stopped in here for lunch last week, as Irish food sounded like a nice change of pace from the usual.  The lunch menu had several appealing options.  I had the Shepherd's Pie (with Cheese).  I will say, it tasted great.  I've always been a fan of Shepherd's Pie, and this didn't disappoint.  My colleague had the fish and chips, which looked tasty as well.The only complaint I had was that the portions are a bit small.  I know it probably wouldn't be healthy, but I probably could've eaten two of those pies.
4	This is your average, run of the mill (no pun intended) Irish Pub. And it doesn't try to pretend to be anything else, nor does it need to.The outdoor patio is especially nice, both on nice days, and even in the winter (they have epic heaters outside). The happy hour is great, both for food and booze.  They don't have a ton of vegetarian options, so I've been using this place as more of a bar than a place for food.  However, their bread pudding is surprisingly delicious, and worth ordering. Also, in the winter, they have alcoholic hot chocolate, which is AMAZING. Really, really amazing.Staff is nice and helpful, really fun. Wednesday night is trivia night, so they'll be packed. Be forewarned.This is a great place to meet friends for a pint (they have cider too!) and have a good time.  Not a great place for vegetarians to eat.
5	Rula Bula gets five stars from me for two reasons:#1 Perfect fish and chips.#2 One of the only correctly poured Guinness drafts in AZ.They could punch me in the neck when I walked in, and i would still give them five stars for those two reasons.Almost all the food is good (though I can count the number of times I've had anything other than the above on one hand). The happy hour is great, with half off appetizers, including the fish nuggets, which are the fish 'n' chips I eat before I eat the fish 'n' chips.The world's most competitive trivia night. These people STUDY for trivia night. Great outdoor seating, good service. Decor is interesting, especially if you like this particular famous race horse that I currently forget the name of but is the subject of approximately 90% of the wall art.
4	I was here for the first time last St. Patty's Day. We didn't eat, and the place was pretty crowded (as expected), but it was a good time and the Guinness was perfect.Then, I ate there a month or so later. The food was awesome. The fish and chips were the best I have ever had. And that's not even my favorite meal.The outside patio was comfortable and the staff was attentive. I'm looking forward to eating there again very soon. And perhaps partaking in some Guinness-drinking again for St. Pat's Day.
5	"There are good ships, and there are wood ships - the ships that sail the sea. But the best ships - are friendships - and may they always be."How can you begin a review of an Irish pub without an old Irish blessing? Let me start by saying, Rula Bula is the most understated bar on Mill Ave. Amongst the cherry pits, taverns and middle-aged somethings lurking at The Library Bar (why is that, anyway?) Rula Bula is like a big warm bear hug. The usually have a pretty steady lunch and dinner crowd - it could stand as a restaurant in its's own rite - fish and chips are not as greasy as some, and the potato "rounds" are perfect. My favorite is the Vegetarian Shepards Pie, but @ $10-$15 per meal we don't eat here frequently. BUT we do drink here frequently!  Around 9 or 10pm they have live live music every weekend. This is THE ONLY spot on Mill that you can find live, good local music. The bands change every night - but my local favorites are Shawn Johnson and the Foundation (a perfect blend of Hootie meets Sublime meets your favorite cover songs) and the Irish band that always plays there (I have no idea their name!) but they really bring down the house. Between 11 PM - 2 AM the band really creates a sort of "collective" atmosphere - everyone that is inside dancing (or jigging) to the music. The crowd is the perfect blend of young college kids, late twenty-somethings and an older crowd. It has a great neighborhood, eclectic feel. The drinks are average price - roughly $5 bucks for a mixed drink and $3 for a beer. My favorite is a Snakebite (which is 1/2 cider - which they have on tap- with 1/2 Guiness). If you like a lighter beer, try the Snakebite w/ Harp instead. Like many of the other reviews have stated, they have a huge outdoor patio area (great if you aren't into the music and want something a bit more low-key).Living in Phoenix 8 years, I have never been to a bar that makes me feel this good.
5	Hands down the best bar in Tempe.  Live music on the weekends, great food with a hat tip towards authenticity, a fun laid back feel, large open patio and outside bar.  Rula Bula manages to pull off the often difficult balance between great daytime eatery and fantastic late night watering hole.
4	I've never been one to hit up the Mill bar scene. At nearly thir....at my age, I just assumed it was all going to be the obnoxious college crowds everywhere. Rula Bula was definitely not what I expected at all! Thankfully!It was fun, low key, laid back. The place is cute, the crowd was mixed, the drinks came fast and the staff was friendly.We came too late to try the food and being that only one of us ordered a mixed drink, I can't justify giving it 5 stars based on beer and service alone. I will be back to try the food and update then. I predict a 5 star rating in the future.
3	I've always enjoyed Rula Bula for happy hour. They have a nice patio and decent food and drink specials. The food has always been okay. After my last experience there, fish and chips will never be the same. I noticed two black specks in the malt vinegar on my plate. Upon further examination, I saw that they were dead flies. I raised the bottle of vinegar into the sunlight and noticed about 75 more of them at the bottom. I was feeling nauseous as I had already had a few bites. The waitress was sorry, offered to bring me a new order. Didn't take anything off the bill, though. Guess I should have talked to a manager.
5	Wicked tasty shepherds pie, friendly staff and nice environment. Thanks for the great recommendation Yelpers (I was visiting on business).
5	THE BEST GUINNESS IN TOWN.Their Mussels are delightful, as is the rest of their food. But really, I go here for the perfectly poured Guinness.
4	I had a night to kill in Tempe before my friends arrived for spring training the following morning so I called up some friends who graduated from ASU for some tips on what bars to hit on Mill Ave. Every single one of them said Rula Bula and now I see why. It wasn't the typical Scottsdale/Tempe club scene, which was nice. It's an old-looking Irish style bar with a stage, decent sized dance floor, and an awesome patio. There was a $2 cover, I'm assuming because they had a live band playing, but it was well worth it. I had a black and tan followed by a snakebite and both were delicious. I stayed for maybe an hour, watched the band, and met some cool people on the patio. Overall, a really fun place with a great selection of beer on tap and a fun, chill crowd that isn't overly into themselves.
2	Do not come here if u actually drink anything other than beer. They use a shot measurer & pour exactly 1 shot for a $6 drink. Cheap asses! I've watched a few bartenders do perfect pours on the Guinness so that's a little impressive. The food is okay and the service is okay.The main thing going for this place is the patio and people you come with. It's in a pretty convenient location so it's not too far for people to meet up when coming from different parts of the Valley.
4	Let me start by saying my requirement for any place that calls itself an Irish pub is that they carry Strongbow or Harp. Most places I go have one or the other (mostley just a lot of Harp). They not only had both, but the Strongbow was on tap.*drool* I went out to dinner here first. Then hit it up later as a bar. The food is fantastic! The old world and new world menus are a great way to make sure that everyone in your party can be happy.
4	I may as well write a review of Rula since already give over a healthy portion of my paycheck to them every weekend. I'm a fan. A Regular. The guy in the fedora who goes to other bars and gets asked "Hey, aren't you the regular over at Rula?" I'm also kind of biased, but i'm a Guiness fan. and I'm a cider fan. And Rula trained its bartenders on how to pour the perfect Snakebite (Yep, its Guiness and Cider, layerd. The Cider floats on the Guiness. Its neat-o!). Ok, So. Rula. Probably has the largest back patio on Mill Ave, and on the weekends, it gets fill to the brim with every kind of stereotype that exists in the greater Phx area. Frat Boys mix with Foreign Exchange Students mix with Old Fogey's mix with Hipsters. And everyone gets along pretty much. When the occasional fight breaks out (as drunkards are wont to hit someone/thing at some point), Security breaks it up and gets the problem cleared away. Also, as its a large back patio with many tables, chairs, and people, and its a bar, people are going to be smoking. Cigars and cig's abound, and ashtrays as well.If you don't want to be bothered by the smokers, feel free to meander through the crowd, back inside where, all the while on Friday and Saturday nights, there is really good live music playing (which, by the way, is who the 2$ cover to get in goes to). And for the most part, everyone gets along.In the realm of food, Rula has the Irish fare down pat. The Boddington's Shrimp, the shepard's pie, the boxty, all are amazing, and decently priced. Don't come here and expect to order nachos and a second rate burger to add some flavor to your Coors and Bud Light's. They have real good food with real good beers. The servers are all friendly and quick, the management is pretty chill, and the over all feel of the place is relaxed. Its hard to feel tense while hanging out here.Oh, and don't try to order beer from the bar back out back.  He's just so happens to be the best bar-back this side of the Mississippi, and keeps the outdoor bar running in top shape, but, trust me, as much as he wants to get you a beer and back amongst the masses, the poor guy is not allowed, no matter how much you bitch about it or how much money you try to throw at him. Wait for one of the bartenders, they'll gladly help you shortly.
3	Oh my Rula, did you redeem yourself?  It seems they might have - but I think another visit will tell for sure.  Someone sure dialed down the douchebaggery this time around, or it was an off night.As our first official stop on our pub crawl, we met several friends there - all in all, ended up with about 20 people.  The staff was friendly, the bar tenders nice, fun and actually helpful, and the music, while not live, was at the perfect level.Most of my group got food, and watching the locust like destruction, I'd have to guess it was all pretty good.  Their drink prices are still a little high, but at least the pours seemed to match this time around.    I'll be willing to keep going back if the service and atmosphere keeps improving like this.
3	Had lunch there with my ladies' monthly lunch group. They had some kind of event, so we are not allowed to park in the parking lot next to it. I had to turn around to park on the street or the garage. I parked in the garage, because it had a sign that business' validate. Sat in the patio since the weather is still nice. Ordered the corn beef melt sandwich. It took longer than usual. I did not see a lot of people, but who knows? Got our lunches. The bread was toasted so it was soft on the inside and crunchy on the outside. The corn beef was good (no salty). The swiss cheese melted perfectly on the corn beef. The potatoes are yummy. Service was OK. And they do not validate parking anymore.
4	Rula Bula! Its a pretty cool laid back bar with a outdoor patio that rivals the size of the indoor bar. The crowd is pretty chill with a variety of different but friendly people. Within a few minutes I met a bunch of people from the NW and as far east as Philly. They had some live music as well.The outdoor bartender (Mike) was really cool and very attentive. The food is typical bar food but it tastes really fresh and is done right. We ordered the Boxty. A thin, crepe like pancake made with potatoes and filled with heaps of braised short rib. The bartender says they cook the short rib slow and overnight. It was served with perfectly seasoned and crunchy vegetables. Overall I think this is a cool relaxing spot in downtown Tempe. I highly recommend it.
4	How in the world did I not know that Rula Bula had such a fantastic patio!?!??  I'm a native, and have never visited Rula until last night.   Wow, seriously, who knew?  I guess a ton of people.  Everytime I am in Tempe, which isn't very much, I see that place and it just looks so crowded and small and I hate shoulder to shoulder places.  So I was quite surprised when we walked out to the patio just in the nick of time to grab a table and relax.  Didn't try the food but the service was great.  My water glass was always full, and I never had to wait for my next refill on the blue moon.  Also, one of our group asked for a vodka soda, and the waitress said, it's cheaper if  you are having more than one to jsut get a tall double.   WHAT?  Did I just hear a waitress try to save a patron some mula?  Crazy...I need to go back and see what their Bar Food is like.  Great chill laid back atmosphere for a Wednesday night in Tempe.
4	This is a really solid Irish pub/restaurant.  The food is quite good, especially the Guinness braised beef boxty.  For dessert, be sure to try the bread pudding, which is probably the best I've ever had.  It's a fun place when it's busy and has a great traditional Irish pub feel inside.  They pour a perfect pint; you'll notice the difference if you're a Guinness lover.Rula Bula is a little pricey, which is the pretty much the only reason I haven't rated it a 5.
4	Brussels Sprouts never tasted so good.  The place is tops for ambiance and good Irish comfort food.  The perfect place when you want to visit Mill Ave but don't want to deal with the college debauchery.
5	My girlfriend was in from Canada, so I took her to Mill Ave...we hit a lot of places, but this was by far the best. Awesome staff and selections!
4	I stopped by here last night for a friends going away party. (sniff sniff) Cute little place. The drinks were good (Southern Peach gets a thumbs up from me) and like everyone said, the fish and chips are YUMMO!!! I had the sweet potatoes fries with my fish and everything was scrumptious. They even had spicy ketchup, which is a rare find. Either I was hungry or it was really good because I could have licked my plate if I was allowed.  We also ordered a side of the the mac and cheese, which was just ok, only because we didn't know that it had ham in it and it made the mac and cheese taste very salty so I only had a bite or two. ( We didn't see it on the menu but we saw that someone else had ordered it hence the reason we ordered it.) I think without the ham, it would  have been pretty ok.So with that said, great food, fabulous company, a little eye candy here and there, what more could a girl ask for?
4	Came here after work on Saturday for Happy Hour. Three dollar sixteen ounce blue moons and three dollar irish nachos= after work bliss! Happy Hour goes until seven! Love the atmosphere of a pub!
4	Nice spacious pub, and a real pub not a bar that calls itself a pub.  The fish & chips are good.
4	Rula Bula is probably my favorite spot in Tempe.  They have a solid selection of beers, lots of whiskeys to choose from, and the wait staff is friendly and attentive.  I usually prefer to hang out outside on the great big patio with a group of friends, but the inside is just as inviting.
5	Let me start by clarifying that my five stars are for lunch on Mill. Rula Bula is a bit of a sleeper lunch place: if you've gone at night when school's in, it is very clearly a "get crunked" frat boy crazy kind of bar. So it will come as a damn good shock to you when you go during the light of day and enjoy a nice, relaxing lunch.The fish and chips here are delicious. Beer-battered, thick and hearty, and real fish, served with a great tartar sauce and their awesome "chips"--lightly fried, thick potato slices.Their boxty is a whole different story, but it's packed with flavor and incredibly hearty. Their salads are huge and everything is made up fresh, and you can tell they take pride in cranking out a really great lunch and catching you off guard. They're like a better Robbie Fox's, but they were here long before, and it's not hard to see why they've done so well.Their patio is fantastic, the help is on top of things, the food comes quick, and everything is absolutely delicious and beautifully homemade, not just frozen, Sysco, dropped in the fryer, like so many pubs and bars. It matters and the price is right and it's WELL worth it to try this place for a great lunch.My only complaint is that a few of the authentic Irish tables inside are too low for my legs to fit underneath, so I do well to avoid them for lunch. Otherwise, I'm always happy here for lunch.
4	It almost feels like someone took a step back and said to themselves, " It's about time we sprinkle a little class on this party street."In all honesty, I party as much as the next alcoholic cheap beer craving college student, but its still nice for my liver to take a break from the onslaught of cheap Que Club Long Islands and Thursday Barneys Boathouse shenanigans. With that being said, big ups to Rula Bula for establishing a relaxing, authentic Irish Pub ambience while still serving some hard to find Irish Brews and delicious Irish bar food. Huge fan of the outside-patio set up; it offers enough room for large crowds to get their drink on while still providing a somewhat intimate feel for smaller parties looking for a more laid back night out. As for the food and drinks; highhhhly suggest going with a frothy pint of Murphy's Stout, followed by a Shepard's Pie that'll leave you feeling as if you're eating in Dublin. Happy Hours are usually pretty solid as well.
1	We were double billed and the service was horrible. We sat on the patio and were completely ignored for 15 minutes until my husband got up and got our beers at the bar. The table next to us seemed to have no trouble getting them tobring their drinks however. Perhaps they were friends with the staff?  I've been here for dinner before as well and while the food is decent I'm not overly impressed. Having been to my fair share of Irish pubs in Ireland this is not a good representation. It is definately an American idea of an Irish pub and it is appropriately overpriced for the "tourists". I'll go to the pub down the street for better service and a true Irish feel from now on.
2	Granted this place is probably known for their beer and not their food, but really, how hard is it to supply some decent food?I tried two appetizers - both were not good and both overpriced.I'm not a huge fan of greasy fried food so can't speak for their fish and chips.In terms of service, one waiter was really nice but we were passed around to different waiters and I can't say that the others were helpful at all.My recommendation would be - don't eat here.
3	Had lunch here yesterday. The food was good, but the service was so-so. We were not given silverware or napkins till after the food was served, and we had to ask for them. The patio was great though! I could definitely see myself going there for a beer after work.
4	This is one of the few places on Mill Avenue that I still like to drink at. Although you still get the ASU crowd, which makes me feel old, you still have a great time. On Friday and Saturday nights Rula Bula charges a cheap cover, but you also get some live entertainment, and you drink at one of the few places in Arizona which actually pours a Guinness correctly. Rula Bula also has a big patio, so on a nice night, it's a perfect place to hang out. Tonight my cousin happened to be in town when he chose to give up his seat on his overbooked connecting flight. Since his hotel was right down the street from Mill, it was a convenient spot to get a beer and something to eat. We both drank a black and tan, which was excellently mixed. The food was actually pretty good. I just went with a corn beef melt, which was an alright sandwich. It was on ciabatta bread, which was doesn't quite compliment corn beef the same way that rye bread does. Nothing spectacular, but not bad. My cousin had chicken sliders which he seemed to enjoy. There also was a big selection of more authentic looking Irish dishes, but neither of us were hungry enough for anything bigger than what we had.
2	very authentic but thats about it badly poured guinness and awful bangers and mash bartender was friendly but dont think ill be returning
3	Rula Bula is the place to go if you're...1. Stuck on Mill (no offense Mill...my 21 year old former self loves you and I always know to visit you first if I want a crazy time!)2. Looking for a bar with people drinking themselves to the point of having a good time 3. Want to participate in events like trivia night Rula Bula is a good time. But you have to go into it expecting to walk into a bar atmosphere hiding behind a restaurant. The patio is fun and there's plenty of room to sit. The food is decent and true to Irish dining. But I really don't think people go for the food. Every time I've gone, food has been an after-thought. Be prepared to stand and wait for a seat if you're visiting after a festival or game. Rula Bula is practically the first stop after the light rail and Tempe Town Lake so it's a hot commodity! So my advice is to stick to Rula Bula if you've had some cocktails and won't mind the pub feel!
3	I went here last Thursday with some alumni from my alma mater.  I have to say that the food was alright, not exceptional.  We had some fish and chips, potato skins and some other food that does not come to mind.The atmosphere is a typical bar.  It feels like any bar, any where.Basic beer, mixed drinks, etc.It is strange, but this place did not have a unique feel to it.  I could have been anywhere.........
5	Fantastic menu that can be consumed any time of the day! Personal favorites include their mac&cheese, pork chops, and mussels! They always have a ton of Stella readily available and on tap, as well as Bass and Newcastle and duh..Guinness.Their fish&chips are delisch as well (although I am always a bit skeptical of eating seafood in the desert)...! i like!
5	As far as Irish pubs go, Rula Bula is spot on for me. It doesn't feel cheap and sticky like other so-called Irish pubs around here and I've never felt it was a bad choice. Drinks and a night out, mid-day for lunch, mid-week for dinner, trivia, live music... yes! I truly love the fish & chips, but I've also enjoyed their burgers, Dublin chicken & Farmhouse chicken sandwiches, Shepherd's pie, chicken pot pie, St. Peter's Fish & the Gaelic-style chicken breast which is my go-to. The food is substantial and delicious. I always walk out thinking I need to go back asap. :-)
5	Really nice patio. It's surrounded by vines and has plenty of misters to keep you cool even when it's 115 out. Awesome food, better drinks, and one of the waiters made a special shot for me with Jack Daniels and Goldschlagger that tastes like Christmas.
3	I am going to give this place only 3 stars because 1, I have a 95% chance of getting kicked out whenever I go here, lol.  It always seems to be the case and 2, the food is ok, nothing spectacular.  With that being said it actually is a really cool bar.  It has a psuedo authenticity to it that makes you feel like you're in Ireland they have great live Irish music.  That is always a positive.  I find the beer selection to be pretty good and the vibe to be pretty good as well.  Although not the best Irish bar I have ever been to (I am from Boston) it's definitely the best Irish bar I have been to in Arizona, and one of my top 2 spots on Mill Ave.
3	Lots of fun - great deck in the AZ Spring temps, and a great location on Mill Ave.  The service is a bit slow if you want a server, but if you get your own drinks then not bad.  Also, a bit pricy.
1	The bartender from Chicago was awful. He was rude and did not deserve our service. Overall we did not have a good experience at this restaurant and ended up using his tip on a bartender at another restaurant in the area. stay away.
3	The first thing I respect about Rula Bula is its ability to attract customers while keeping a low profile. No flashing lights, no 400 pound bouncers with angry stares, and no promotional cards being shoved in my face from down the street.I walked in and liked what I saw. It has an old school feel to it. There was a live band doing some Lady Gaga covers, and it sounded like karaoke. I wasn't impressed, so I ordered my Jameson (reasonably priced) and walked out to the patio.It was a good patio, with a DJ in the corner. It had a different feel to it, and I appreciate how laid back it was. But it felt like something was missing. I waltzed back inside, admired a much better cover (of Micheal Jackson) and realized the one thing I couldn't find here. FUN.To a west-sider like myself, Tempe is the Mecca of mischief, a place where I can have one too many and stumble back home with a story to tell. There was a dance floor, but no one was dancing. There were tons of people, but every group kept to themselves. Even though I don't go to bars to meet women, there was a suspicious lack of pretty ones in here. It's like everyone who was too old or uncool to go elsewhere came to have a Guinness in peace.I came here expecting a fun bar that wasn't a full-blown club, and instead of getting a happy medium I ended up with a boring dive. Don't get me wrong, I fucking LOVE dive bars, but I don't go to Mill Ave for them. Rula is a good place with good history. I can't hate on it. I love the interior, and I could see myself coming back during the day. It's just not worth going out of my way on a Saturday night.
4	It was all good. We stopped after the PF Chang Marathon for some real refreshments and fuel. We were seated first available inside. They accommodated our group of 6 very quickly. The drink order was taken and filled quickly. We ordered our meals and they came in a timely manner as well. The BLT Salad was very good, basic, but fresh and plentiful. The Turkey Wrap was very yummy with a wonderful sauce. The Sweet Potato Fries we received were stone cold. Our waitress brought us some piping hot replacements in no time. The Chicken Sandwich was yummy. One of us ordered the Fish and Chips...the fish was also stone cold. We did not know this until later that night, as our friend never sends his food back, and will not complain. I heard this and was pissed! I would have had that taken care of on the spot. Plus we sent the fries back and he knew that. Oh well. The patio is awesome and it is always crowded.
3	Fun outdoor patio but a lot of bees and wasps.  be careful where you sit.  It is a great location, right off of mill and next to the Tempe Mission palms.  the food is solid, potato and fried foodstuff heavy.  The drinks are good, but i warn you that it gets crowded and depending on your server, you may get hit or miss service.  It pays to carry cash as they are not fond of splitting checks.  Great people watching, you get college students, street urchins, renaissance festival types, guys in suits, couples breaking up...you name it.  fun times!  Awesome for day drinking in good weather.
4	was here mostly for drinks..but did end up ordering a few appetizers.Hot bollix spicy potato balls were very thick and heavy lolbut oh soooo good.  basically a deep fried mash potato ball with a kick.  Hot Bollix Spicy Potato BallsAn original creation of deep fried potato, rashers (Irish bacon), scallions and Irish cheddar cheese balls and Grilled Bacon Wrapped ShrimpSix shrimp and applewood smoked bacon skewers served with Guinness BBQ dipping sauce these shrimps were medium sized... cooked just right.
1	I'm not sure what all of the buzz is about because this place wasn't that great! I had the grilled cheese and it was hard and dry!  There was this nasty drunk guy who sat across from our table and it was quite sickening! I will not be going back!
4	As an Irish lass thru and thru, the promise of a cool Irish pub to get some grub and frosty guiness was enticing...and it delivered!  The food was great, our server was excellent, and they were able to accomodate our group of about 15 walkins without blinking an eye on a saturday evening (bonus points for that).  Their patio is really nice, lots of flowers and greenery and high stone walls that make you feel like you're in more of a garden than just off Mill Ave.Overall, great place to head with friends!
4	Here is the skinny, Rula is on Mill, north of University, and this is the first problem.  The majority of this crowd is the plastic hat wearing, acoustic guitar maiming, frat boy we've all come to know and love OR the skinny jean squeezing, ironic mustache wearing hipster.  But my grand pappie always said "It takes all types to keep us spinning" so I keep going back.  Why?The food (by and large) is awesome.  Don't get the bangers and mash unless you don't mind kind of mushy bangers (i prefer mine with a bit more snap).  Shepherd's pie, Boxty, and a few other items I've had are great.Beer is good, good with food, I ate and drank so much I almost pooed.  Yeah, they have beer.  So don't a lot of places.The back patio is great if you are a smoker (I am).  The music out there is hit or miss but the bar tenders, bussers and a few regulars back there are worth it.Live music on occasion is alright and the trivia night was really fun the night I went.
4	Was a quite evening in tempe! Excellent food and service!
1	This place used to rock. I come here every once and a while to enjoy a great time, however, I had the unfortunate experience of meeting Lindsay the cocktail waitress. Her appalling service and pretentious attitude was more than enough to make me never want to come back here again. And if that wasn't enough she said I was a fire hazard by standing 10 feet from the door, AND LATER she told me to expect bad service by asking directions to the restroom. I no longer consider this the Tempe Ireland experience , as I remember that country had nice people. Next time I'll just head to the fox.
3	Being on Mill Ave intrinsically puts Rula in a negative light..... despite its stereotype-ridden location consisting of the frat boy, psuedo hipster, loud and brash crowd, Rula is a nice little bar/restaurant and one of my first choices if I need to be on Mill Ave. Always and forever my favorite thing will be the cute/quaint (yes its possible to use those adjectives for a Mill Ave bar) outdoor patio in back.  Its really quite lovely with lighted trees and a semi-private location.  There is a full/large bar outdoors too in addition to all the dining tables.  *Spicy potato balls and the chicken sandwich are really great... everyone always raves about their food and I can't disagree*  the happy hour is lacking... no happy hour food items and the drink discounts are so so.  I tend to be more of an 'atmosphere' girl so despite the disappointing happy hour I will go back to Rula for its environment ... especially over Robby Fox's and other lacking Mill Ave bars.
4	Came here on Easter based on the recommendations of friends for their Fish & Chips (for my mumsie).  I had been here a few times before, but only had appetizers and drinks.  Mom liked the fish & chips, said it tasted like a tempura batter, I don't like fish so I didn't try them to know.  The chips here are awesome...they're cut like a really thick potato chip which I ordered as an appetizer, but wouldn't have had I known those were the same type of "chips" coming with my mom's meal.  The tartar sauce, I'm sure is made in -house so it does have dill in it, which it looked like the fish batter did also.  I didn't care for the tartar sauce but mums didn't oppose it.  Also I was asked if I wanted the appetizer chips to come out first, which I did because we were starving, but everything came out at the same time.  So for $6, it's a good appetizer, but not when you're already getting it with your meal.  The lunch sized portion was just right with 2 good sized pieces of fish, a side of cole slaw, and the chips for $9 (served before 4:00pm).  The chips also come with this delicious sauce which I would kind of describe as a fancier version of 1000 island.  Delicious!I ordered the Shepherd's Pie, which I was somewhat apprehensive about after reading the reviews, but I thought it was pretty good.  It lacked salt, but I'd rather something lack salt and be able to add more than vice versa.  The presentation was absolutely marvelous, and the potatoes on top were to die for.  It was served with a side salad, also a lunch special for $9. I could have substituted "chips" for the salad if I wanted, which, again, I would have done had realized what I was doing.  Service was fairly quick, which it should have been as we were one of about 3 tables in the whole place, and our server was very friendly.  The Guiness brownie looked tempting, but I had a Snake-bite with lunch and that always makes me too full to even finish my meal.  All in all, a decent meal and I would definitely return again, but based on the fish and chips alone, Mums and I decided we're going to try another place next time.
3	I went here craving fish and chips as well as the well-worn comfortable atmosphere that one expects from a good Irish pub. The menu said that the fish and chips were voted "best in Phoenix" and sited the fresh made batter as the key to the dish's quality. With my expectations raised, I settled in to enjoy the two-piece meal. It was ok. The breading, while definitely different from other places, did not add that much to the fish. In fact, it was actually pretty thin which meant that it did not stand up to the weight of the fish. I had to resort immediately to a knife and fork. Most people probably eat fish and chips that way by default, but personally, I like to eat this type of meal with my fingers. The fish was slightly over-cooked, but still tasted good.The atmosphere was a little on the chain side of of the spectrum, but Rula Bula has enough of the pub staples to be comfortable. The service staff were very friendly.All in all, I'd go again. If you are looking for a an Irish Pub experience in Tempe, Rula Bula will serve you well. However, if they really do have the best fish and chips in Phoenix, then the bar is not insurmountably high.
2	The food here is good. Expensive though.The Guinness pours are good. Expensive though.Good whiskey selection...noticing a trend?This place is expensive, especially for what it is. I mean, it is an 'authentic' Irish bar, brought piece by piece from Ireland...but aren't they all now? There are so many 'authentic' Irish bars that there is actually a cottage industry in salvaging pieces of Irish pubs and sending the pieces to America. I don't think it should mean that everything is $2 more than it should be. The food is good though!
4	I stumbled in her for dinner one night and brought an out of town guest, the service was incredible and the food was good but if you are looking for upper scale steer clear... My husband and I have since been back... once again, good service... good food... This is where I first met Shawn Johnson who is an amazing musician, I will go back.. LOVE the back patio with a bar and smoking available...
5	We had cobb salad and corned beef and cabbage. Everything was great. Our server got our granddaughters balloon off the ceiling twice. Great atmosphere. We'll be back.
5	By far the best Irish Pub in the area!The food is delicious, standard Irish fare.  Great whiskey selection, and the expected Irish beer selection as well.PLUS- Every Friday night, The Paper Snowmen play, and they rock.
2	Odd Happy Hour. Terrible food.  The only time in my life I've ever seen a group order chicken wings and not finish them.  I mean, that's saying something isn't it?  Two stars because they have Guinness on tap and it's a convenient location so I always seem to end up there when I am in Tempe, even though it's not very good.  Note to self: beer only next time.
4	Kristen here! I like Rula Bula a lot. Like, a lot a lot. Rula Bula does not at all fit in with the trashy bars and overall poor restaurant selection on Mill Ave. It is a diamond in the rough, and it consistently transports me into a lively Irish pub, filled with authentic decorations and very very good food and drinks. I am not a fan of beer, but I am a fan of this place. Get the chicken pot pie or bangers and mash. You will not regret it. Love this place!
3	i didn't eat so i can't comment on the food but i do have a friend that has ordered their bread pudding twice and it's never arrived. their car bombs were good and the outside bar staff was friendly. i'll check it out again and try some food
5	Best Mac and Cheese! craving it as i type!!!
3	When Rula Bula opened I was pretty excited because I like things like Guiness and shepard's pie.  Both of these things are decent at Rula Bula and given the other choices along Mill Ave, this place looks like a foodie's wet dream.  The thing I like the most about Rula Bula is the wooden fixtures and the decor.  Oh, how I do not miss hanging out in Tempe, but if I had to go back, I'd stop by Rula Bula..
4	I have frequented Rula Bula for a few years now and it is hard to pin point just one thing that keeps me coming back.  The food is great as is the service and I love the authentic feel of this Irish pub with it's odd ball, mismatched tables and Guinness decor.  I typically order the corned beef sandwich on rye and it is sublime.  The three cheese grilled cheese sandwich is also very, very good.  While some feel that the beer selection leaves a lot to be desired I have never really seen it as a problem. My only complaints about this establishment are their lack of a "true" happy hour and the crowd that sometimes fills it's patio.  On a few occasions the patio bar has been occupied by some of the scummy mill crowd which is a disappointment as this is normally a great place. I would highly recommend Rula Bula to anyone looking for some great Irish grub at a reasonable price.
4	Very cool place to hang out.  The food is good, drinks are plenty!
4	One of my favorite Irish Pubs!  Love the atmosphere and the entertainment.  The patio on a nice day is a perfect place to hangout for drinks.  The fish and chips is a must and the Shepherd's Pie is a delight and really filling too.  Snakebite? Ouch! Oh wait you meant the drink - sure thing!  Bringing out the Irish in me....what does that mean!? Don't think the Irish and Chinese ever mixed in history...or did we? (The movie Departed was a remake on a Chinese Trilogy - Infernal Affairs)  Our service was quick for a pretty crowded place, but then again it was still early.  I've been there when I couldn't even walk a step....wait that was pretty much every visit to the Rula Bula! - Enjoy!
3	The good: Guinness tastes better here for some reason Bar imported from Ireland is cool great location with big outdoor area The eh factor: food is only OK cover charge on weekends due to lame bands
5	I love this place it's probably my favorite bar in Tempe. Most of the places around the university are really sleazy. The atmosphere is nice. There is a beautiful courtyard and good food with reasonable prices. This place does not have the strict 21+ rules like most of the bars on Mill which makes it more pleasant for groups with people who are under age.
5	My husband took me here during a rare event we get to eat a meal together.  Food was amazing (could have been the company I had with me too), but I got an enormous salad, which was absolutely wonderful.  Way to go!
2	This review is heightened by their selection of alcohol on tap.I am a Magners kind of girl.  Therefore, this place makes me very happy.We had dinner here last night, the food leaves much to be desired.  Not sure when they won best fish & chips, but they're not very good.  I'm looking forward to trying some other places.Overall, I think Rula Bula is worth it for happy hour drinks and apps, but not for an actual meal.  It's not much like an actual Irish pub, which is depressing.  I love pubs, and this doesn't meet the mark.
4	Awesome Irish pub! Friendly service and great atmosphere!
3	I go here for happy hour and enjoy hanging out on the back patio, which has a feeling of a quaint urban setting. The wait staff is excellent and friendly and they make an awesome snakebite! I have not eaten here so I can't say anything about the food, but the atmosphere is lively and I always have a great time at Rula Bula.
5	Best Irish bar in town.We frequent their back bar. The bartenders are always helpful, fun and attentive.The best overall: April. She works inside 5-6 nights a week.Their food is fantastic. I havent tried a bad thing yet. Beware the Boxty though, its HUGE. Best shepherds pie in town (most places put cheese on it, and but put i mean stack 3 layers of greasy cheddar on top of the mashed potatoes).
3	Been here a few times. Its good for HH but the food is off a bit. Whatever, it's good atmosphere and food and drinks are decent. I would go again but I have to say when I think of HH and or drinks and food this place never comes to mind. That should tell you something I guess?
1	Went to Rula on an ASU football game Friday.  I don't think they put an ounce of thought into their business levels or needs of their customers.  I get there and the front entrance is closed off and there is a sign that says to use another entrance.  The arrow pointed in one direction but the entrance was actually in the back so there's one fail for directing traffic.  I finally get to the back entrance and it's understandably busy.  The bar on the patio is swamped so I expected to wait a minute to put in a drink order.  I stood there for 5 minutes (timed) and it wasn't until a female friend of mine walked over (didn't wave or draw attention to herself, just simply walked up) that we were acknowledged and asked what we needed.  Coincidence?  Not sure and I don't care!  We get our drinks and when it was time for round 2, I waited 9, yes, 9 minutes to order.  Again, same friend walked up and viola, "what can I get you guys?".  The bartenders seemed friendly enough but they had ZERO sense of urgency and apparently had some fixation with the right side of the bar because they were helping existing and new customers over there while I waited.  One guy (older) who was bartending and was moving at a snail's pace.  This held up the other guys from pouring their drinks so to pass the time along, they were all joking around with each other instead of acknowledging their customers (yours truly) and letting us know it would be a minute.  Laughable.  Another couple were waiting and discussing how bad the service was as well.  They got so irritated they ordered their drinks, slammed them down and left.  If you're looking for a low key place to get a drink, I would only recommend this spot if it's dead slow or if every other bar on Mill is closed!  PASS!
4	I really like lunch at this place and think they have some great values on their menu.  I often get the lamb stew and along with the soda bread it ends up being more than I can eat.  I've always eaten up at the bar and the same bartender has been there to serve me over several years and he always goes above and beyond service expectations (I really appreciate that he always wants to know if I like my food after the first bite and always asks if I want a go cup for my drink as I'm paying).  Definitely a great place for lunch and at night they often have live music which rotates between inside and the patio based on the weather.  This is certainly one of my favorite spots in Tempe.
4	Rula bula is by far my favorite place on Mill, any time of the day! The cider is amazing and the food is awesome (try the potato skins). The atmosphere is also nice in large part because it's not a college hangout.
5	Sheperd's pie and Fish and Chips were AMAZING! ESPECIALLY THE CHIPS!
3	Good place to eat or get a beer for happy hour. They have many classic Irish dishes, burgers, and sandwiches. Sweet potato fries are quite tasty. Nice location right on Mill Avenue with patio.
1	I never really had a chance to see how this place was because they made a terrible first impression. I came here for a friend's 21st birthday and I wasn't even allowed to drink. Supposedly the bouncer said I was too 'tipsy" in line so by the time I got inside I was not allowed to order a drink. I tried to order a drink anyways and as I looked behind me I saw that there were two security guards practically babysitting me, making sure the bartender did not serve me. The hilarity behind this whole charade was that I was not even drunk. I do not understand one bit why the security guards had to treat me as an adolescent. I would not recommend this place one bit if you are looking to just relax and have a good time as you might find yourself being babysat and then escorted out of the establishment for no reason. "Even if you are looking to spend some good money and have a GOOD time."
2	I went here a few weeks ago on a Friday night after I got off of work.  I guess I should start by saying that the only reason I gave this review 2 stars instead of 1 is because Rula Bula covered my friends tab the next day when he went back to settle the situation.  My friends and I had been there for about an hour before it was time for last call.  One of my friends had opened a tab, and upon attempting to pay it and retrieve his card, he was told that the system was down and that he was going to have to wait until the following morning to get his card back.  In fact, there were about 10 people still waiting at the back bar by 230 who were trying to pay their tabs and get cards back.  I had cash on me and even offered to PAY MY FRIEND'S TAB AND EVEN LEAVE A TIP, just so we could get his card back and go home!!  Then, when I explained to the manager that it was illegal for him to hold my friend's card over night, he said "Thank you inquisitor" and told me he didn't need a lesson in the law!  Then when I told him I did not think it was befitting of a manager to talk to a customer in his establishment that way he just dismissed me as drunk and walked off in huff and went back in the building!  At that point, an employee who was still out by the back bar even suggested that my friends and I go get a police officer to settle the issue!  I work down the street from these guys and I would never want to bring the cops into someones place like that.  However,  I can honestly say that it is because of my experience with the manager that night at Rula that I even created this Yelp account.  I will never go to that bar again.  If you want a good pub setting with a good staff go to Casey Moore's on Ash just off of University.
4	I love Rula Bula, Lamb Stew is the best! Also, great fish fry. I am disappointed that they choose to charge a $2 cover on some nights. I went there last night to have a Guinness and some dessert, but they want a $2 cover because they have some lousy band playing to a mostly empty bar. I wanted to sit on the patio with my wife, but I am not willing to pay $2 to go into a place like Rula Bula. I know it is only $2, but come on...Also, great patio atmosphere!
4	This place was cool - exterior is painted bright, sunshine yellow. Very cheery, yes, but the color doesn't seem to scream "Irish pub" to me - hmmm, I dunno... Inside was very charming - exposed brick and lots of wood - very pretty and "inviting". My date and I had the Irish Nachos - Yumm-meee!! Love the spuds they used too - reminded me of homemade spuds my gramma used to fry up for breakfast.I had a Blue Moon and it was pretty delicious. They had a band which actually rocked - they played songs from Tracy Chapman, Tomy Petty, etc.Good place to go - it does get crowded, so I recommend getting there sorta early to get a good spot.
4	This is my default happy hour/bar in Tempe. Prices are good and food is better, but it can be expensive outside of happy hour.There is a wide selection of food and beverages on happy hour. Really, you can't miss on this one. BEWARE: Even though happy hour is 7 days a week, it is not available during special events, game days or for whatever random reason they feel. This part always makes me, a loyal regular, kind of pissy, but oh well. It has yet to deter me from going.Every now and then, they have specialty dinners (single malt dinners, whisky dinners, etc.) that are quite awesome! Definitely be on the look out for posters in the bar and go to one. It's definitely worth the money and you'll be happy.PS...they might have my single favorite bar food item...Hot Bollix. They are glorious, fried balls of deliciousness. Get some...NOW!
4	Food was fresh and tasty. Great Irish fare. The vegetarian shepards pie with mashed potatoes was satisfying and different.  The service was a bit slow, but friendly. Very relaxed atmosphere.
3	Considering that all of us were roaring drunk on New Years and this pub was part of the rowdy block party in downtown Tempe, our experience was pretty smooth here. Our waiter was very friendly, made sure our drinks were refilled and that we had plenty of water, and even furnished us with silly party hats, streamers, and noisemakers. The fish and chips were tasty, made more so by the awesome tartar sauce, and the corned beef, though a little dry, was tasty too. The whole pib was assembled in Ireland, and is pretty charming and not at all pub-sized, with plentyof seating for all.
4	Classic Irish Pub on Mill. Perfect for fish and chips, a Guinness, and a great bar atmosphere!The food here is great. I tried the fish and chips ($12) and it was perfect. Lightly battered, perfectly fried. The chips were different but complimentary to the meal. They also had several cider beers on tap (my favorite). When I asked which beer I should try, the waitress offered bringing a sample of each so that I could know the beer before I committed to a pint. Great service!The outdoor patio is great for parties. If it's cold, they have heaters during the winter. Summer has sprinklers. They've got live entertainment inside on weekends and also trivia nights. If you're looking for a place to hang that is casual and fun, try Rula Bula.
3	Old school pub in Tempe. I like the patio with Christmas lights and heaters. It is the last bar on that side of the road so cool views of Mission Palma Hotel and Hayden Butte mountain. The fish and chips are bomb. Good happy hour food prices.
1	Expensive and crowded. Not fun.
5	I really like this place a lot.  They have a great happy hour menu with a lot of small plate choices.  It looks small from the front, but it is quite large.  I really enjoy the patio out back.  Plenty of heaters for cold nights.  Food was very delicious!  Can't wait till the next time I hide my bike to rula bula.  Also patio is ultra dog friendly so that is an extra point for me!
4	Great place.The wait staff and bartenders have always been great whenever we go.  I usually take my friends here when they come in from out of town as it's a bit of a haul from my house.  The patio is one of the best places to have a  Guinness in Tempe.  Highly recommend it.
5	Just finished dinner and the food was excellent.  Three of us had the fish and shrimp combo.  2 pieces of lightly beer battered fish and six beer battered shrimp. The batter was thin and tasty, the fish white and flaky. One of us had the strip steak with whiskey peppercorn sauce. Very nice sized steak, cooked perfectly, and full of flavor. The menu selection was very good and to say the least our meals were great!  We moved here from Wisconsin 12 years ago, and this is for sure the best beer batttered fish we have had since leaving Wisconsin. Great Food, Great Service!! We will be back!!!!
4	I have always enjoyed going to Rula Bula's and I have been there many many times over the last 10 years.  It has a great selection of beverages, good food, and reasonable prices.  I do not find the staff as friendly as at other Irish Pubs.  This was not always true, but I am not as satisfied as I used to be with Rula Bula's.   Some of the staff are very good, but others are lacking.
1	This is like the worst chain restraint, a nice barmaid but everything you hate to see on a night out otherwise. an embarrassment to the Irish bar name. go to olive garden instead
4	I really like this pub. I have been to alot of crappy Irish pubs but this one is definitely not one of them. It was a great place to go on a sunday night to meet an old friend out for drinks.They have very ample pub style seating, and a really awesome patio out back. The bartenders are cool and there are good amount of beers on tap. I had the kiltlifter mainly because the name is funny but it turned out to be a great beer that a had a few more times throughout the week while I was in Tempe.My next trip out I will be trying the food as I have heard some good things about it.
4	Bangers and Mash, baby! It's a good place. I was struggling between a few choices and the waitress suggested the B&M. It was a good choice.   Good place - comfortable. It's not really large, but it's nicely appointed. Very Irish-pub" feel.
5	This place was excellent!! The food was delish! I had the skirt steak salad and would order it again. The service was good, especially considering we had a group of 20. The drinks were good, bartender knew what they were doing. The place has a fun atmosphere to it.I'll definatly be coming back next time I'm in Arizona.
5	Hands down, my favorite bar in Tempe. I recently went for happy hour and they had awesome specials on drinks and appetizers. The waitresses are always great there as well.I tend to go here on the weekends when it is really busy but it's a fun time whenever and it seems to always bring in good people.I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking to have a good time.
5	Rula Bula is among my favorite bars in town, and is easily my favorite place on Mill.  They have a great atmosphere with awesome live music, and while it can get crowded on busy nights, it's never so packed that you can't move around.  The patio is great year-round (they have heaters for when it gets "cold"), and they have a full bar inside and out.  The inside is gorgeous and feels classy without being pretentious.As far as prices go, they're not the cheapest, but it's reasonable.  The best part is they have a great whisky/whiskey selection - amongst the best in Tempe (if not the best)!I can't recommend Rula enough!
5	This pub is on the end off Mill... So for those who can make it past all the bars through the block lies this gem. It's signifigantly less crowded than any other bar on Mill, serves my favorite beer (Magners), has a huge outside patio for socializing however still has local bands play inside some nights. Very chill place, absolutely love it.
4	Happy Hour is ALWAYS fun at Rula Bula its one of my favorite places to go on mill its not filled with college Students but more of a mixture of post grad and established adults. -The cider on tap is a must if you prefer a light beer -When they have live music at night the vibe is beyond perfect
5	This place definitely wow'd me!  I'm a California native and I was in Tempe for a wedding and me and fiance came here on two occasions, for lunch and late night drinks.For lunch we decided to visit this place, since it was so close to our hotel.  It was fairly quiet in there so we got seated and helped immediately.  Our server did a great job making sure we were happy and satisfied.  I believe her name was Rachel, very talkative lively lady, kudos to her for doing a good job.The next day we came here with a bunch of friends for some late night drinks.  All I can say was it was busy!  But I particularly liked the environment and feel of the place.  There was a live band rocking out to keep everyone entertained, the outside patio was alive with people but we all managed to find a great spot to chill out at.  The servers were incredibly polite and made sure everyone had a drink and didn't have to wait.  They also were very quick to clean up empty mugs.Overall some really good service here!  I would definitely recommend this place to anyone in the Tempe area.
3	Fun atmosphere, mixed crowd (some young and some older), decent food - live music and trivia nights. Been going for years, but it seems to be going down hill a little, or maybe I am just getting old!
1	Over the last year, I've noticed a rapid decline in the quality of service at Rula Bula. It used to be my favorite place to wash away my college woes, but now I don't ever want to go back.On a Friday night in May I was out celebrating a friend's birthday with a group of 10-12 people. We were all ordering food, booze and overall having an excellent time. When time comes to mosey on home, the waitress informs me that my credit card has been lost. Problem #1: If a guest's credit card is lost, a manager should always come discuss this with the guest, not the server.The waitress, Maddie, was horrified and worried, and suggested I leave my phone number with her so if she found it she could call me. She also gave me a comped beer, which I later found out wasn't comped but a beer she paid for herself. True true to her word I received a phone call shortly after close that night. For a variety of reasons, I was unable to pick up my card for a few days. Because of this Rula Bula put a pending charge on my credit card for $25 because my card was "left overnight".Problem #2: management. In conversing with the manager via email, I received excuses, and was told several times that I was wrong about the credit card charges about which I complained, even after verifying them multiple times with my card company. In my emails I also listed several shortcomings I had noticed regarding the level of service, and received absolutely no input from the manager.There's no excuse for poor service, lost cards, non-comped drinks after such an egregious mistake, and no real apology. The managers really don't seem to care, which is an attitude that rubs off on many of the employees, save for Maddie. I'm sad to say goodbye to the best Guinness in town, but I simply can't keep justifying the poor service and lack of concern for customer satisfaction.
3	Lotsa reviews about this already so not sure what this will all mean.Had the fish and chips (voted Best in something or another).  In short, fish was pretty juicy and got 2 fairly large pieces, but the batter was a bit doughy in that by the time I got around to eating my 2nd piece, the outside wasn't so crispy/crunchy.  A bit more of the tempura batter feel to it than, say, the harder/crispy coating on H. Salt or something.  Taste was good but got a bit soggy as it sat.The chips were cool.  Not fries but potato discs.  In that sense, more like American potato chips (fish & chips, get it?) but thick cut, much thicker than a kettle cooked chip.  Good and crispy on the outside, but starchy potato on the inside.  I liked 'em.Also had the mussels which were cooked in a thin alfredo-ey type of sauce.  Pretty good.  And these Spicy Bollix potato balls--I thought they'd be like potato hush puppies or whatnot but they were much bigger and as it turns out, quite wet/gooey on the inside.  Seemed like fried poi.  But, they were quite spicy (definitely not traditional Irish here) and tasty, too.  I'd recommend a go.Ambience was a faux, rustic pub feel but there was a live band playing later and they rocked some Pogues and Flogging Molly pretty well.
1	Oh Rula Bula, I hate that this is how my last visit turned out. As evidenced by my former review, you used to be my favorite bar on Mill until last Friday, June 15th. I decided to have my birthday party and moving away party at Rula Bula. You guys were charging cover and would not let me in for free even though it was the day of my birthday. Seriously? You guys must be the only place on Mill with that policy! So I paid because this is where I told all of my friends I'd be and I went inside. Well apparently you don't do well in the customer service training area because the red headed girl taking the money outside was sweet enough to call me a b*tch while my boyfriend was still right there. While workers will gripe about customers, it would most certainly bode well for you to tell your employees to at least wait until the whole party said person arrived with has gone inside because saying that in front of people doesn't really help build good customer relations.The only upside is that Emily was good server, she was attentive, though our car bombs were skimpy. Over all I am saddened that I will have to find a new place to hold my coming back party when I come to see all of my friends.
4	Rula Bula is a "must visit" for the Mill Avenue visitor. It is a great place to just sit with friends, have a drink and talk. That is after all what an Irish pub is supposed to be. There is an excellent back patio with a satellite bar and misters. The food is typical Irish fare with everything from boxty to shepherds pie. Try the Hot Bollocks Spicy Potato Balls and wash it down with one of the hard ciders they have on tap.
4	I've always had fun at Rula Bula. Summer nights can get super packed, but that is typical of a Mill Ave bar. In the winter, they have heating lamps in the back, and it's warm and cozy out there. They have cider, which is sometimes hard to find. In the summer, there was live music. My friend and I had some fun when they were playing Irish music one night.
4	The only reason I am not giving 5 stars, is cause it is a wee bit pricey. But oh, so worth it! One of the best Guinness pours in town. Great atmosphere, misters on their back patio. I always get the Shepard's pie - out of this world. My wife loves the veggie version of the Shepard's pie and the salad with salmon. You gotta try a side of the brussel sprouts with apples. Yum. Like any place on Mill Ave, it get crowded TH-SA during the school year. And can get noisy.
4	Came here on a Friday after 11pm.  They charge cover after 10pm I believe (after a certain time).  But it was only $2, so not bad.  The front door guy who checks ID can be strict.  Not sure if he was messin around but he made me smile so he can see if my lilps matched my lips in the picture.  It was a good way to check an ID that's for sure, but geez, really?Anyway, we hung out in the back outside.  They had mists on because it was so hot.  I sat in a spot where the mist was dripping.  I guess it was a good thing because I didn't feel much from the mist.  We hungout here for a bit til more friends met up with us.  Our waiter/bartender was good, fast too.  Music played was good.  Drink prices were decent.  I don't know the price but I just know we ordered a lot of drinks and it didn't come up too expensive like at clubs...that's all I can say for now.
5	Great service + great food + great beer = five stars. The bartender Camille knows her beers.  Fish and chips are excellent (as they advertised).
3	This was our second stop for the night at one of my friends going away party.  There was a $2 cover since there was a band playing that night.  I'm sure the band was good...I can't really remember.  But what I did remember is the drinks being a little on the weak side.  Now, I understand that I am a professional drinker, so drinks naturally seem weak to me, but my friends said the same thing and they are light weights.  The staff was very polite, so there are no complaints about the service.  It was pretty packed, but not rowdy.  I'll probably give it another try.
3	I had a late dinner here after a happy hour in Scottsdale. I had heard such high reviews from several people about the atmosphere, the food, the drinks, everything. I like gastropubs a lot, especially of the Irish decent. They're an aquired taste because they attract the dirty hipster type, I love the hipsters.My first impression was Wow, they fit a pretty big restaurant inside this little place on Mill Ave. My second impression was What the hec is that smell? The entrance smells interesting. not a bad interesting, just different. Where I sat in the back stank of nursing home. It was an older building, that I appreciated, but it stank to high heaven. I didn't order anything to drink but my food was really good. Had the St. Panciro Chicken sandwich. It came on a great big chibata bread bun and the chicken was grilled nicely with jiucy tomatoes and not-to-leafy lettuce. Mixed in was a spicey sour cream and the softest avocados I have ever had. I love avocados on a sandwich and they were wonderful with the chicken. The sweet potato fries were delicious as well, they came with a hot, spicey dipping sauce that was indeed hot and spicey! Make sure you have a glass of water. It was a good experience for what we were looking for for the evening but I cannot say I would go back. Maybe if I was feeling hipster but the smell really turned me off.
1	Hate it.  Horrible.  Expensive.  Terrible drinks.  Rude bartenders.
5	This was my third stop on my first tour of Tempe. I came here on Friday, and was pleasantly surprised by an awesome Irish band playing, a really nice atmosphere and friendly bartenders!I pulled up to the bar and sat down, ordered a beer and struck up a nice conversation with the bartender. I told her I had just moved here and she was more than happy to share her tips on other good places to drink! I really loved the band playing that night, the songs were all Irish-themed and people were clapping and dancing around right in front of the stage. I can't wait to come back!
4	Good pub food, reasonable prices, and decent service. I had the Irish Lamb Stew, and it was well cooked, tasty, and filling. Not gourmet, but for the price and the ambiance, I'll certainly go back.
1	I used to like this place despite the fact that the customer service was lacking.  But after last night's display of utter disrespect and unprofessionalism of the manager, I will no longer waste my money in this establishment.  How does an Irish Pub hire a fantastic traditional Irish folk singer, then stop them half way through their show, publicly accuse them of driving off the crowd (nevermind the fact that he brought in his own crowd) and to be rude enough to say "Maybe if you stop the crowd will come back."And from what I've learned, this is NOT the first time management at Rula Bula has cut an act off mid-show and asked them to leave.  The professional thing to do would be to let them finish the show and then not ask them back if you didn't like them.  But no, that would be too tactful and nice for Rula Bula.  Give the talent the bum's rush in public.Not only will I never set foot in Rula Bula again, I will spread the word to my 520+ friends on Facebook and ask them to do the same.  This was just an insult to watch.
1	Horrible, horrible place......rude management, lazy bartenders, stupid servers. The place literally stinks.......as for being an authentic Irish pub....me thinks not.....its about as Irish as a mexican taco stand and trust me i lived in Ireland for a long long time.....its as though they bought the interior from Irish pubs r us mail order catalog. Clientele are preppy student types with not a lot of gumption who easily buy into the faux "plastic paddy" facade.......if you want a real Irish experience i would suggest O'Connors on Dunlap or Tim Finnegans or Seamus Mc Caffreys in Downtown Phoenix......avoid this place at all costs.....pure and utter crap....
4	Rula Bula has an excellent menu (I recommend the Rosemary Salmon Salad), great beer selection (Boddington's!) and wonderful service. The staff here is superb (and delightfulyy quirky!!!) and I love the Irish/Gaelic music; it serves as a great workweek lunch reprieve!
3	I'm between 3 and 4 stars on this one. I went here for Trivia recently and sat at the bar. I had the shephards pie, which was delicious. There are a lot of good beers on draft, and the batender knew how to properly pour a Guinness. They have trivia nights on Wednesdays. It's not a bad way to spend a weeknight.Also, a word of caution - I only noticed 2 small TV's in the bar area. Not necessarily a bad thing, but if you're going out to watch a game it might be better to check elsewhere.Overall, a good bar to get a properly poured Guinness, above average bar food, and a really unique atmosphere.
3	Decent Irish pub, great staff
4	Pretty much always live music which makes this place awesome! they have deals on drinks often which is great! I enjoy coming here,
4	I don't think I'm alone when I say that every time I go to an Irish pub I'm hoping to see a leprechaun.  Or at the very least some of his Lucky Charms... The only reason Rula doesn't get a 5 is the amount of time we waited for drinks / food.  Granted, we were there on a Sunday during the Tempe Arts Festival - but that' no excuse for drinks taking 30 minutes and food taking more than 75.  We got the Irish Dip with fries & the American Sliders - both were tasty and worth ordering again.  I took a peek at the back patio, which I think would be amazing with a group of friends.  This area of Tempe has LOTS of choices, so I might not be back right away, but if I'm in the area & am craving Irish cuisine / beverages / music, I'll come back fo sho.
3	I've been coming here on and off for the last year to open jam/mic night on Tuesdays. The beer selection and liquor selection is top-notch for an irish bar. Lots of whiskey and dark lagers for the irish blooded folk out there. If you enjoy live music every night, then this is your ideal place for folk and irish tunes. Don't expect the best service, but don't expect the worst either. As for the food- WOW. I love the irish nachos, and the artichoke and cheese dip is phenomenal. Not to mention the fish & chips. The only thing that ruins it is the prices. I know they rack it up because it is a college town and frequency + prices = High profit... However, it kind of sucks when I only come in twice a month and my tab is always around $60 for a beer and some food with a friend. I have never seen a manager in this place with my own two eyes, but I'm sure they are lurking somewhere. Rula Bula is 'ok' in my book, but if I'm hungry I will eat before I come here.
4	Rula Bula is a cool irish pub located on Mill Ave. They did have an outside area, but it  was very busy so we where sitted inside. The food was really good. I loved the appetizer sampler that I ordered. There was a live band on night we where in there. Very hard to talk to anyone. So FYI not a good date place after certain hours as you can hear each other.
4	They have Lagunitas IPA on tap.So  yeah, there's your 4 stars right there. On top of that they are on my bike route home from school... so convenient.Super plus, my bartender kept my drink full and get this, didn't ignore me.  She was funny, and friendly, and really made my day.So yeah, I'll be back.
4	We went here for dinner and drinks last night with some friends and had a great time!  The food was surprisingly good, great service, great atmosphere...and the band was AMAZING!  I could listen to them every weekend, they were so good!  The shepard's pie, boxty and chicken sandwich were all delicious!
3	Cute atmosphere, a few good beers on tap, good sliders. The waitress was kind of a snob and looked "busy" even though there were only like 4 other people at the bar, so that was weird.
5	Used to be a saddle shop in 1886.  Now an Irish pub.  Enjoyed my Fish and Chips with a pint of Guinness.  As authentic an Irish pub you will find in Phoenix, Arizona. Very friendly and efficient staff.  Love the design - I don't feel like I am in a gimmicky chain restaurant.
4	The only time I venture out onto Mill Ave is to come here for trivia on weds.  I try to avoid Mill Ave because parking is stressful.  There are very few spots to park for free.  You most likely will have to pay to park, even after 6pm. So far, I've had the potato leek soup, chicken pot pie and the fish and chips, all of which were amazing!! The fish and chips are probably the best I've had, and I've lived in Florida for 4 years where fish is their thang. The only thing I don't particularly like about Rula Bula, is that if you come in a large group, they won't split the bill.  I always feel like I over pay when I am forced to pay this way.
3	It's pretty good, but nothing really stood out as fantastic.The best thing that can be said about Rula Bula is that the fish & chips are very good. It's a staple of Irish and British bars everywhere, and theirs is better than what I've had at places like Rosie McCaffrey's and George & Dragon. The fish is nice and light, the slaw is good, and the chips are actually in the shape of chips and not french fries.The standard beers are available, and quite pricey unless you happen to go during happy hour. $6/pint... meh. I think you can do better, but maybe Mill Ave venues are just trying to soak up as much of mom and dad's college money as possible.The service was very friendly and fast, as well.
4	The service is meh.The food is traditional Irish fair so to the unfamiliar it's bland. It's cabbage and taters. But the key is that they do it right.They are also one of the few places in, not just Arizona, but all of America that get's their Guinness directly from Guinness made the traditional way. They do have the BEST Black & Tans.It's a bar with bar food, but at lunch time I'm reminded of hardy bangers and hash and fish and chips and corn-beef hash and shepherds pie that I'm so used to. All their food is home style like your mom made it. If the service was a little, and I mean just a little bit, better they'd get my fifth star.If you're coming down to the Phoenix from Flagstaff this place will seem very familiar with the hipster-dive type atmosphere that are most places in Flagstaff.
5	I'm in love with the Iron Druid chronicles books so I was excited to see if their fish and chips lives up to how Atticus describes it in the book.AMAZING.  My BF doesn't eat seafood and he wished he could ordered his own instead of having a bite of mine.Their Hot Bollix Spicy Potato Balls are unreal.  They come with buffalo sauce.
4	Would have been five stars if the service had been better. For a Saturday night pretty empty so was surprised to see it take a while to get service. Food was fantastic as usual!
4	Your average pub; I am not a big fan of Mill Avenue.  However, Rula Bula is a great place with good food, good selection of beer, good service & live music.I only gave it four stars out of my own personal preference.  This is still a good selection if you like the college pub scene; you should definitely check it out.
4	Great local place where the age group is not all 21 year olds.Live music on weekends and delicious food. Indoor and outdoor bars. Friendly staff.
2	Okay it gets a star for the patio but that's about it.  The food is just ok.  The main reason I don't like this place though is due to my first experience here.  I was at a bachelorette party and I am not a big drinker so I only had a beer.  I watched as the waiter "bought" a round of shots of the girls.  They each had a mixed drink or two and they WAY overcharged the girls assuming they were too drunk to remember.  This has happened at another bachelorette party I went to as well.Maybe this is just an Arizona thing?  Every time the waiter "buys" rounds of shots and then charges the table.  Not to mention that the mixed drinks here are REALLY expensive.  If you are into the Mill crowd and you want a party I suppose this place works, but be aware of your drinks and make sure you are charged correctly.  Do not just "open a tab" here.
3	The hot bollix appetizer is phenomenal. Mashed potato, cheese and bacon rolled into balls and deep fried, then served with ranch dressing and hot sauce. It's the most American take on Irish food I've ever seen. Unfortunately, that's where the food stopped being delightful for me. The entrees were merely blah. I supposed I should have ordered the dish and chips everyone raves about, but I just wasn't in the mood.Otherwise, the decor is great and actually quite authentic. Flogging Molly over the speakers? Not bad at all. The beer...not enough selection and they need to clean their lines, but the Guinness was better than anyone should expect from a pub in Tempe.
3	I have mixed feelings about Rula Bula. I love Irish Pubs, and Rula puts on all the airs of being one, but decor aside, it never really completely fills the bill for me.The drinks are good, the food is decent (love the oysters Rockefeller!) but the atmosphere has never really drawn me in. Maybe its because its on Mill, but I never see this as the kind of place I could hang out for more than an evening once every few months.Still, if you're on the north end of MIll Ave and need a properly poured pint of the black stuff and a decent whiskey to go along with it, this is the place to go.
4	I absolutely love this place! Co-workers, friends and I come here for lunch and happy hour quite a bit. My favorite dish is the fish and chips: their ale batter is great and the lunch-sized portion is huge and very reasonably priced. Desiree is one of their servers/bartenders and she is ALWAYS exceptionally cheery, friendly and attentive. In addition to loving the food and atmosphere, the staff members, like Desiree, are the reason we keep coming back and recommending this place to others. Keep up the great work!
4	Great place!
5	Delicious!  Mwah!  Had a wonderful dinner tonight.   I ordered the Bangers and Mash this time.  Nice presentation, and very tasty.  I especially enjoyed the mashed potatoes and gravy with this dish.  Creamy potatoes and perfectly seasoned gravy.  I highly recommend Rula Bula to everyone, in search of a unique dinning experience. They offer great Irish and English dishes. Jennie, our waitress, was so courteous and kind! What a fantastic way to end the week! Ask for Jennie when you visit Rula Bula! Thanks Guyz, and of course we will be back again.  Also, ask any of the staff about the history of the building.  You will be AMAZED!!!!!!!
5	I love this place. Great atmosphere great food and friendly staff. I have had there fish and chips (Best in Phoenix). Mouth watering burgers and awesome loaded potato skins.Great place to go for dinner or just go out for a beer. This is my favorite place on mill.
3	Decent irish food... sometimes the wait staff is more than spacey. great place for happy hour or drinks :)
4	Great atmosphere and great service. Food always hits the spot when your need some irish pub classics.
5	This place is awesome great prices great place to go for a giant out nice outside patio for smokers great food good drinks great staff
4	I like it a lot. Only negative is it's location brings along the general 'Mill' BS that's unbecoming an Irish pub (dumb rules to keep collage kids in line and whatnot)Otherwise, great service, great food, great drinks. A nice place to be :D
4	Loved the food! The service was also really good! The waiter made great suggestions when we asked and was knowledgeable and very helpful! Can't wait to go back!
5	Great spot for happy hours
5	If you love irish music, beer and liquor than this is your place. The food is good and the prices are average. Plus they are having promotions for their 13 year anniversary.
1	Sorry, Rula Bula.  You went from being my favorite bar, to one of the worst.  The people that take your money at the front are downright rude.  The guy with the round glasses tried to snatch the money out of my hands before I handed it to him which is NOT okay with me.  The new management is terrible.  Things used to run smoothly but now it seems as though it's always a mess.  One night we had to pay a cover and the bathrooms weren't even working.  REALLY?  There are far too many other places to spend my hard earned money; I'll take my business elsewhere.
3	Great alternative to all the rest of the lame Mill scene. Basically the only place on mill you should feel comfortable at past 9am if you're over 28. The Pyramid Country party was rockin tonight but it took too long to get a drink. They must've been understaffed. Anyway, thanks for not charging a cover. See you the next time I'm forced onto Mill and able to compromise.
2	Good place to go if you a fans of Irish type of beer and/or any types of dark/thick beer.  I can't really handle the dark beer so I tend to not go there if I don't have to.  They do charge covers to get in, so be sure to shell some more of your beer money for that, usually $10 and a long line especially on the weekends.  I would rather save my money for somewhere else.
4	I changed jobs a few months ago and am now working in the Mill Ave area. Once again (previously at Old Town Scottsdale) I find myself writing about cool bars with tons of reviews containing details of fun nights on the town from the perspective of a working stiff grabbing a quick bite on her lunch break. Oh, well, c'est la vie!First off, I was expecting a kind of dingy dive bar but the interior is actually quite nice looking. I liked all the little Irish knick-knacks they had around the place. And even though there were a couple of signs advertising whiskey and Guinness, there weren't a ton of neon signs everywhere... so during the day, the place really does not scream "college bar!" at all. The seating was comfortable and I liked that there was both an open area where you could push some tables together for a large group and also an area separated by a couple stairs with some semi-private booths. Our server was friendly and attentive and the food came out really quick.I ordered the strawberry salad because I knew I was having a big dinner later that evening and I didn't want to fill up. Surprisingly, instead of the boring iceberg lettuce you would expect from a bar salad they had a nice spring mix. The strawberries were very fresh and the grilled chicken was cooked perfectly. All the flavors worked really well together and the only criticism I have is that the dressing was a tad too sweet. Overall, a really tasty salad. My fellow lunch companions ordered a burger, fish and chips, and shepherd's pie. All of their plates looked really good and they all enjoyed their food. I will definitely order the shepherd's pie next time since this is a favorite dish of mine and they serve a nice small lunch portion that you can get with a salad to keep the meal from being too heavy.Hopefully I'll get to try this place for a few drinks in the evening some time but until then I will definitely be back for lunch.
1	Worst experience ever!!! Took 30 mins for 1/2 table to get drinks and then they messed up most of them. When we asked for a manager he was supposedly "behind the bar"...well if the manager is that slow behind the bar he should change jobs. Food was so so.
4	Bartenders are friendly and the environment was chill. i liked it
4	Joe was effen awesome. Took good care of me and tiff. Was the kind of bartender you just feel good with. Dont get married.
4	One of the best little pubs in Tempe, friendly, not rowdy, not a meat rack, just good people and good spirits!
4	This is one of my favorite places on Mill Ave. I like Irish pubs and this place delivers. Drinks are good and it's worth visiting for lunch on food alone!
4	I've always enjoyed this place when I'm down in Tempe on Mill. Once I found out it was Pat Tillman's favorite hangout when he was in school at ASU it just added to the greatness.
3	Great pub. Food was good and a good selection of beer. Nothing was amazing, but if you like the pub style establishments, this is a great spot.
5	Beautiful presentation!  Great food!
4	I've been here twice now. I got the wings both times. Very good sauce- I did the Rula Bula and, I believe, Guinness BBQ. The beer selection is excellent. We had our first experience with Banana Bread Beer. Amazing!  The Guinness blends are great. Staff was very friendly and attentive. I don't remember the meal i had the first time but I remember being very happy with it.
4	Love this place! I always come in for a Black and Tan and fish and chips. The shepherd's pie is good, but a little on the cheesy side.
4	A disclaimer- yes, I went to ASU. Yes, I've been to Mill a few times. Did I know Rula Bula was anything more than a basic bar? Not really- not until I started reading an urban fantasy series written by local guy and all around cool gentleman named Kevin Hearne. It's especially fun being a native reading a book by a native, because protagonist's shop is on Mill, and is bookended by stores that actually do exist. He lives in Tempe, just south of ASU, and he's got his own favorite joints to eat at. All of which are local.Which is also where Rula Bula comes in. Because apparently they make "the best fish and chips in town". Fish and chips? The best? Are you sure??? I had to check it out. Problem is I live and work in North Phoenix now. Trips out to Mill are few and far between. Until I went out there for a photoshoot. Voila, perfect reason to go eat there.Now I did NOT get the fish and chips. But my husband did, and holy cannoli, they are good. Crispy and light, tender on the inside. I got the braised beef & Guinness boxty. Because I'd heard about boxtys before, but what WERE they? Are they good? Could you really go wrong with beef slow braised in Guiness? The answer, wee bairns, is no. Holy cannoli did I mention it was good? Savory and rich with a hint of bitterness. And a boxty is a bit like a crepe. It was stuffed with the meat, and you ripped it apart with your fork (no knife really needed), and shoveled this goodness into your mouth. My girlfriend got the shepherd's pie, and you know it's a good place when they master the classics. I'm not sure I've ever tasted a shepherd's pie this good. The drinks menu was also pretty cool- I always enjoy trying out whatever craft cocktails they claim to have. Mine was... okay. I just remember really loving my girlfriend's. I tried looking at the website to jog my memory but can't find a drinks menu. Suffice to say it was warm and appley and had a stick of cinnamon to stir with. This was right around Thanksgiving time and there was a bit of a chill in the wind outside, so it was just absolutely perfect. My vote? Absolutely go to Rula Bula, and do yourself a favor and skip the drunken frat crowd. Go early enough so you can get dinner, because to me that's where this place really shines.
2	Came in on St.Patrick's Day after the Flogging Molly concert and smooth jazz music is on??!! Big. Fat. Fail. We had to ask them to put it on something different (How about some irish drinking music, it's St Patty's Day for pete's sake!) and it took the manager/bartender forever to get around to it. It looks like it was just somebody's ipad plugged into the system playing Pandora. On a side note, our female bartender was flipping awesome and knew a LOT of scotches.
4	Been here several times and always a pleasure coming back here. After running in the PF Chang's half marathon last Sunday, chose this as my post race meal and so worth it!!They have an excellent brunch menu and that was just what my tummy was in the mood for! Ordered the corned beef hash and poached eggs with the traditional Irish soda bread and believe me I was in post race meal bliss!!Extra kudos to the staff at Rula Bula since they had to deal with a ton of post race famished runners and yet remained super friendly and great service!! Try the Velvet Mimosa, Black Velvet and Champagne-super smooth and delish!
2	The food is too overpriced for what you get. I've never been to a bar/restaurant that let me down so much with their chicken strips. I mean really, how do you mess that up?? They weren't strips at all but more like nuggets and way over cooked. For $8.50, it was incredibly disappointing.I observed other dishes my friends ordered and their food wasn't appealing either. I think I'll stick to drinks only from now on.
3	This place has solid fish & chips and shepards pie.  Prices are reasonable and servings are generous.  We enjoyed the brussel sprouts with apples side dish too!  Casual ambiance. Our food came out quick and our server was attentive without being overbearing. Will definitely come back here next time I'm visiting the area! I hear they have fun trivia nights!
5	I loved this bar when I went to ASU. I could always count on a fun live band and friendly bartenders. Great back patio area, definitely a nice change of pace from the "Frat-tastic" bars on Mill like Robbie Foxes and Cue Club. Some of the most memorable times shared with good friends were at this bar. I love the snake-bites (Guinness and Cider) and the Irish Car Bombs, and if you go on a Saturday the Sullivan's are usually playing and are always a good time.
5	Used to go to Arizona State and this is where we ended every night out.  Hard to find nicer bouncers and bartenders at any bar on Mill.  Great prices on car bombs and Guinness and a great late night menu also.  Good place to go to get away from the club vibe of a lot of Mill bars and just hang out and catch some live music  Atmosphere is awesome, definitely a place I'll be going back to every time I'm in town.
3	I have very mixed feelings about this place. The food is very good, great fish and chips, wings, and the "comfort food" is amazing! However, this place has consistently terrible service. I eat here often for the food and I can honestly say I have never once had a good service experience. On my most recent visit we waited 5 minutes for the host to even appear at the front desk. After we were seated someone brought us waters and it was 15 minutes until we tracked down a waiter to help us. I observed the manager walking aimlessly around the restaurant ignoring the fact he had 1 waiter working every table inside and that his host kept walking to the back patio to fraternize which at one point caused a couple to give up waiting at the front desk and leave. This experience isn't representative of every time I've been here but it is never much better. Bottom line: the food is consistently pretty good but the service/management needs to be overhauled. Also, lay off the blasting of Irish folk music, I understand it's an Irish restaurant but it can be quite overbearing.
4	Loved the place. Coming back when I am in town.
3	went with the office mates last week for lunch - seated immediately (after leaving Oregano's when told 30-40 min wait); two of us had fish & chimps, one had Strawberry Salad with Chicken, another the Irish Club Sandwich and Onion soup.  Service from Ashley was excellent, even though we were inside and she also had to cover the few people out on the patio, she still had time to bring two  of us another pot off hot tea.  The fish was fresh and crisp and perfect cod; the salad was delicious, and L said the onion soup was one of the best she ever had, and she loved the sandwich.quick and efficient service, really good food, and free parking in downtown Tempe.What more could you ask for for Tuesday lunch?
4	Ah, this is good stuff!  First off, they have free two-hour parking behind the joint, so plan your trip carefully.  Second, enjoy!  I'm a former native and I'm back in town with a friend who is also a former local, and he tells me there's this great fish 'n' chips place in Tempe, but he couldn't find it over the weekend.  So yesterday we're out and about and were going to go to Ted's, THE BEST PLACE in town for hotdogs, when we decided to look for this place.  Dave remembered something close to the name and it was close enough, and here we ended up.Decor: very nice.  I can't say it struck me as authentic Irish so much as old American antiquish, but that's OK.Drinks: I had iced tea, which was fine.  Dave had a whiskey which apparently he quite liked.Food: very good.  We both had fish and chips, and we both liked it.  I was ambivalent about the "Irish" potatoes, as they simply seemed sliced at about a quarter inch and pan fried, but they were OK.  The fish was very good, nicely golden brown, and the tartar sauce was sufficient in quantity.  The coleslaw didn't do anything for me, but Dave finished his.But what's going to bring me back is the rest of the menu.  I like George and Dragon in Phoenix, but I prefer to go there with either my wife or my oldest friend, and neither are in town, I don't like going there alone.  Thursday Dave and I and another friend are going to a movie at the Valley Art, and I'll get a chance to go a bit further afield on the menu, something that I'm really looking forward to.And I heartily recommend the Hot Bollix Spicy Potato Balls as an appetizer.  They're quite yummy, they also have a little bit of heat, so if you're sensitive to heat bite in to one first before dipping in the buffalo sauce.One complaint: for a Monday post-lunch meal, they were really slow getting our meals out to us.  They were less than a quarter full in the dining room and I'm sure had a few out on the back patio, I'm not sure why it took so long.  It wasn't a problem as Dave and I weren't on a schedule and were just gabbing, still, it was a little strange.I'll definitely bring my wife here when we're in town together.
4	Good food good service
2	On wed nights they have trivia at 830. Trivia was fun. Many questions were from earlier than 1980s which was not fun and very challenging, lol. The food was great. I ordered an artichoke and spinach dip and guinness wings. They were very good. I also ordered the dirty Scotsman which is half Guinness and half kilt lifter. My friend ordered some chips, which are like really good flat potato wedges, but we never got them. The waitress forgot. And she didn't even come back so we can even tell her that she forgot them. The next time she came, it was to give us a box for the food. I.e, we were done eating. Usually at trivia night I would have 3-4 beers but only had one because the waitress rarely checked on us, so how can I order more? Our waters weren't refilled either.To sum up, 5 stars for the food, 1 star for the service and experience. :/
5	We visited during the Tempe Art Festival which is a busy time but this location was fantastic. The waitress made a couple of mistakes but everything was served well and our family enjoyed being able to sit outside. I loved the bread pudding and the peach cobbler cocktail, I hope to go back soon!
5	This is great place for traditional Irish food and music. I've been to Dublin and environs a couple of times and heard the music and drunk the beer and ale. The service is excellent and food well. My wife had fish and chips and I the Reuben. All good in all ways.  Then again, I've been to Eire and I'll go back there--and to this restaurant.
5	Favorite restaurant/bar on Mill by far. Even if you're not a fan of the Irish, you'll enjoy their foods. Their Irish chips (kind of like potato fries/wedges) are amazing!!! And so is their irish (french) dip. Great Irish pub atmosphere, a little more mellow than most Mill bars, great outdoor bar/patio.
2	I am very picky about fish and chips, so I will say that they are OK here. The main reason to go to Rula Bula would be for the atmosphere. The back patio is great for people watching and just relaxing with friends. It does get frustrating when you just want a drink outside, but a local band happens to be playing inside so you have to pay a cover to get in. I know that's the situation with a lot of other bars, but it doesn't help that I can go to a very similar bar a quarter of a mile down and not pay a cover.
1	This place is the worst, the service was horrible and there was a hair in my food. DO NOT GO HERE PASS!
4	A really nice bar and restaurant with some classic Irish dishes. The service was excellent and the food very good. And the draft beer selection was good as well - what you would expect at an Irish bar. The Guinness was not quite as creamy as I had in Dublin but I suspect the brew does not travel as well as one would like.
1	Another bad case of poor door managers. Nathanael is a b* and doesn't know what's up. Other than this little door man complaint the Irish car bombs are 2 legit 2 quit
4	My friend and I stopped here on a whim and I'm glad we did! Rula Bula was a nice change from the quick paced eating experience you usually get on mill. I was a nice evening out so we opted to sit outside. The patio feels very private, surrounded by trees and decorated with strings of lights above. The service was excellent and very attentive. I ordered the Vegetarian Shepherd's Pie while my friend ordered the Strawberry Salad with Chicken (each was about $18 after tip). I was thrilled with my meal and had more then enough for leftovers. My only complaint was that there was a group of guys who were seated next to us half way through our meal. The group ordered cigars  and the smoke was blowing over to our table. If I hadn't already been served I would have asked to been moved as there was many other available tables. Overall this was a great place to get away from the louder mill dining scene.
4	The Guinness was well-pulled. It was smooth and delicious. The Bangers and Masher with glazed carrots were very good. The mashed potatoes were very good. The carrots were good, too. The sausages were fair. They tasted a lot like some breakfast sausage I have had. They were nothing to write home about. Honestly, they were a bit disappointing. The one outstanding thing was the gravy. I've had sex that was less enjoyable. It was great. If they sold it on its own, I'd buy a gallon and a straw.
4	Rula Bula has great food, good atmosphere and is located in a fun area. The outside patio area is also a fun place to kick back.
4	We stopped by this place while wondering around mill St.   And it's delicious. .. very rarely do you go to a restaurant where every dish that comes out is delicious. ...I highly recommend this place.  Great food.  Great atmosphere and of course great beer. ..
5	My favorite pub in the city. Great layout, patio and atmo - second to none.  The food is the hidden gem, pretty much everything is amazing. The Guinness beef boxty is incredibly hearty and filling. Spicy bollux potato balls are off the hook.
4	Ok, we're Iron Druid geeks so we had to eat here.  I didn't kick Oberon under the table so we couldn't give him any of our fish and chips.With that said...The Fish and Chips are GREAT.  Everyone had a great meal, so much so that we went back for lunch the next day.  And again we were completely satisfied with our meals.  (that's 2 for 2, or 100%)So it's an Irish pub with bar type food, but it's really good food.  So go eat here.  And if you see a guy with knotted tatoos from his foot up to his neck say hi.
3	The food is what you would expect from an Irish pub.  Decent, but not memorable.  The atmosphere, however, is pretty awesome.  It's a great place to relax and hang out with friends.  Sit out on the patio, if the weather permits.  They do have misters, which we know is a lifesaver during Phoenix summers.  I'm told that their beers are awesome, but not being a personal beer-drinker, you'll have to judge for yourself. :)
1	I used to love this place. Great beer and great environment. It has gone extremely downhill over the past couple years... The bartenders used to be awesome and personable. My past 4-5 times they have been so rude I've left after one drink. I'm 27, not a college kid and act responsibly - treating people without respect and rudely will make you lose customers like myself. I was willing to pay your higher prices for better beers and cocktails, now I will no longer be going there. I gave you many chances...
4	Though the Irish economy is in trouble more often than it is not (and I'm not bashing, I'm a Murphy on my mother's side and built like a potato farmer) one can't argue with the success of its number one cultural export, Irish bars. I've been to a number of cities a round the world and the one thing I'm almost always certain to find, is an Irish bar, and Rula Bula is a wonderful example of what they are like when they are done right. In addition, I don't know how long it has been in its current location, in the historical Andre building, which was built in the lat 1800s, but it has been around at least almost 20 years, since I've been living in Phoenix and the food and the quality of the adult beverages have stayed remarkably consistent.I'm not a huge fan of Irish food but this place does fish and chips quite well and they know how to pour a Guiness right and when the weather is nice nothing beats the outdoor seating area. Oh, and did I mention the establishment is in sight distance of the third street and Mill Avenue light rail station? I don't do the late nights like I used to when I was younger but over the years I've had some fun times in Rula Bula and if you are young and want a fun place to have a few drinks and hang out with friends, I don't think you can go wrong with a place like Rula Bula.
2	I've been going here a few times a year for over 14 years just for the bread pudding. After our recent experience, I'm really disappointed.  Over the years our service has been anywhere from Excellent to worthwhile (average).  Having been a server many moons ago, I always leave at least a 20% tip for average service.  Yesterday was the first time I've left 15% in I can't remember how long.  If it wasn't for the bread pudding I would NOT be going back and I would have left 1 star.  So, expect good/great food and crappy service.
4	Come for the food, stay for the trivia on Wednesdays!
4	I really liked this place.  The food was good and the service was great.  I'd come back for sure.
5	I'm usually here to drink and listen to live bands but ended up here on a Saturday morning randomly with some out of state friends. Had the rula bloody mary which was awesome and ordered the corned beef hash. So in all honestly let me day I have only had corned beef hash 2 other times in my life but I have seen other people order it many times and this was the breakfast of champions. It was so good. If your deciding besides this and something else...order this. Also they have a great outdoor patio area and are open early for day drinkers.  I'm not sure why so many complaints about the staff because everyone I've ever encountered there was pleasant and attentive.
4	1st time here. Very good.  Had the corned beef sandwich with sweet potato fries.  Washed down with a glass of Malbec.  Yum!
1	Used to love this place. Lately it has been dead, the staff seems to have all been fired or moved to obscure shifts.The new staff is terse, douchey, and seems bent on alienating the regulars. The pub quiz they host on Wednesday used to be fun but the new host is deadpan and as interesting as a watching a corpse decay. Also don't host a quiz if you cannot pronounce Quixote correctly.The food was good, but when I go somewhere to unwind, I will someplace else from now on. I wonder if the owner will notice the huge chain of 1 star reviews lately and get a clue.
4	Came here to catch up with an old friend a few weeks before classes started, so the area was a lot less crowded than it would be today. It's at a great location right on Mill Avenue, and we sat up at the bar for a late lunch.Originally just planning on catching up over a Guinness, we decided to check out the lunch menu and I ended up ordering a pretty delicious burger. The Irish chips that accompanied the burger were a great break from normal French fries; a couple dashes of malt vinegar made them perfect. I'd highly recommend giving them a shot if you haven't tried them before.Rain started pouring as a monsoon swept through Tempe during lunchtime, and the weather just happened to complement the Irish decor perfectly. We ended up striking up a conversation with the bartender and found out that he grew up in a neighborhood next to mine back in California. He even ended up showing us a few of his bartending tricks. Great guy, great food, and a great experience.
5	This place was delicious.  The food was great and very tasteful, the drinks were strong (and they came out quickly too), and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  I was quite surprised.
4	One of my favorite bars on Mill! Love it because it's not full of douchey frat boys or dirty old creepers hoping to score with a college chick. Like garlic with vampires, the Irish theme seems to keep the bros away. Like anything slightly foreign is too hard for them to understand so they think "screw it, let's go to vintage" or one of those other horrible places. I also like that it's pretty casual. Sometimes a girl doesn't want to wear high heels and a short tight dress sometimes a girl wants to rock jeans and converse and slug down a Black and Tan. Just saying...
3	Good Irish pub with all the usuals.Decent beer selection.Good food selection from traditional Irish to standard american style.Friendly staff.
1	Like a few recent reviews,  I've too been coming here for a long time, over 12 years. I've always let the small things slide, a bad server here and there. During my recent  visit my friends and I came in for a quick beer. I didn't have my wallet so I simply asked for water. The waitress very rudely asked me to leave. I questioned her about it, she simply coped out with "it's upper management"Upset, I emailed their management and they assured me this is not their policy. This was not the first time with bad service, just the worst and the one that will make me not return again.Good beer, yes,  but you better hope you don't run into a server having a bad day here!
5	Awesome place. Gotta go here if in town. Very friendly and knowledgeable bartender helping me, the ND fan before the ASU GAME.
5	This is my favorite place on mill! Their food is amazing ! :)  They also have a great selection of beers on tap as well. All of their bartenders , servers and bouncers are extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  The patio here is seriously one of my favorite places to drink and eat. They also have live music on the weekends so that's always a plus. Rula Bula I love you !
1	Im not going to sit down and write out the whole story again as yelp deletes your review if you answer your phone. The manager Chris refused to allow me to have a few beers with a friend inside of the bar because i had my certified service dog with me. As a disabled Iraq war veteran and my border collie goes with me everywhere. He disregarded the ADA and told me they would only allow me to finish my beer (i already paid for by the way) on the back patio. I had nothing to drink prior to this, i wasn't being unreasonable, my dog was being well behaved as she is trained to always be, and Chris is just a dickhead. Shame on you Rula Bula for your disdain towards certified service dog's or the disabled combat veterans who need them!
2	They charged me for iced tea that had a bug in it! I didn't want to argue about it so I just paid and left, I even tipped because I also bought my friend a beer. Disappointed by this experience.
4	Came in for lunch with some co-workers. Great sized portions and great prices! Sat in the back patio to soak in the temperate weather.Co-worker 1 had fish and chips, and it was huge for the two piece order! Wasn't too greasy. Co-worker two had the lunch stew with veggies, he wouldn't stop raving! Great taste, portion, and the veggies were perfectly cooked.I had the Irish club sandwich without mayo, it was very good! The deli meat was fresh and the French bread was unreal! I also had a cup of the French onion soup - it was okay. Not enough flavor or onions, and the bread should be toasted more.
3	Update: Don't get the chicken pot pie... no flavor under that crust! Disappointed...
5	This place is great. Super easy to work with, very personable service and great scenery! They flew the actual bar in from Ireland, so the whole establishment itself is a conversation piece! The food has been consistently great, and the servers went out of their way to make my guests and myself feel at home.
3	Doing some errands and saw Rula Bula.  I like irish dishes especially shepherd's pie.  Shepard's pie it is.  Waiter told me it also comes with sides including french fries or mac and cheese for an upgrade.  French fries when shepherd's pie has a mashed potato topping?  Nope.  mac and cheese?  It would be a disappointment (my readers know that I am Queen of the mac and cheese-don't ask for the recipe please.  It is as secret as the IRS lost emails.)   I also had a choice of soup.  Leek/potato or french onion soup.  Leek & potato it is.  Nice irish soup until I tasted it.  Two large pieces of RAW POTATOES in the middle of a not so stellar watery soup base.  Tasted oniony but not good oniony.  Like onion soup mix with leeks in it.  Well, regardless of this, people don't eat raw potatoes unless you are camping out in the woods and the flame gives out.  (Can you tell I love camping?)   The waiter took it back and gave me french onion soup.  Much better.  Quite nice as a matter of fact.  Next, the shepherd's pie.  The top of it is usually put inside a broiler (a salamander in restaurant talk) to give it a nice color.  Not so.  This was very blonde.  Doesn't mean it's not going to be good right?  Right.  Actually it was pretty good.  The sirloin inside was not greasy and with the veggies in it it was quite a nice interplay.  So would I order it again?  Yeah, maybe but this time with a Guiness or a Sam Adam's beer.  I was driving and didn't want to take a chance with having the Tempe or Scottsdale cops give me a breathalyzer so a nice cold glass of water accompanied my meal instead.  No carbonated drinks (not good for your bones-bet you didn't know that! ).  Service was fine..  Despite the fact that it was a Wednesday night, they had quite a clientele.  Glad I tried it.  I was always curious about the place.  Now I know.
4	On our way to see the Luminaries at the Botanical gardens. We were with friends that had eaten at this place before and they knew some of the history. We were there early so getting a seat was easy. Our friend told us the flooring, tables, windows and decorations came from a bar in Ireland. Knowing this made the experience more enjoyable. We had a good meal with everyone enjoying their meal and eating more than we should. Prices were reasonable and the quantity of food was sufficient. This would be a place to take pictures when the sun is shining through the stain glass windows, I would definitely go back to eat there if I am in the area.
1	Service is so bad. Waitress keep continue to ask same things over and over again
4	We came in here for an Early dinner one day. For once I did not have a hard time finding a parking spot.  Beautifully decorated place inside. Very much like a place in Ireland. Just a lot cleaner, because, it is newer.Even down to the Lace curtains. The food was good, really good. Very true to Irish Food. Not something that everyone likes. But, since I grew up with the Ish food. I like it.Our service was good, Everything was hot (food) which is another plus. They do offer Free wifi, which I did not use, but if you needed it.......After dinner we sat outside on the enclosed patio area. To listen to live music which was also nice. They allow smoking on the patio. If you are into that.I would absolutely go back to eat again.
4	A little over 5 years ago Mr. M came to me and said, "Do you hate winter?  I hate winter".  I said, "I've always hated winter".  And then we started plans to move to Arizona.  I had been here many times over the years, but he had never been to the desert.  So you know me with my wily ways, I planned a fantastic scouting trip in the middle of March and we left St. Louis crappy winter/early spring weather to spend 4 days here in the Phoenix metro area.One of the things we did was visit Rula Bula around St. Paddy's day and had great food, even better drinks, and got to see the Keltic Cowboys play. That was one of the rare nights in the past 10 years where I stayed up until 2 a.m.!!  What a great time.Ever since then we've been back maybe 2 dozen times over the years and always have a great time.  For us we really enjoy getting some exercise around Tempe Town Lake and then rolling in here around 2 in the afternoon.  It's usually quiet and we can gab with the bartender and have a relaxing time.  On our most recent visit, about 2 weeks before Christmas, we stopped in on a Sunday completely unaware that they have a weekend brunch menu.  I had the traditional benedict plus avocado and really enjoyed that one.  I loved the fact that they put it on puff pastry instead of a heavier bread item.  I usually have to take half home, but this time I ate it all by myself and only let Mr. M have one teeny bite.  The Black Velvet cocktail on the menu sounded interesting and it was.  Champagne with some Guinness floating on top.  Pretty to look at and even better to drink.  We now have some Guinness and cheap champagne in the fridge to make one of those whenever we want.Mr. M had his usual Guinness BBQ wings and some Jameson on the rocks.  No complaints there.  Jody took great care of us at the bar.  All in with the food and drinks it was $32.90 before tax and tip.  We always look forward to a visit to Rula Bula.
4	This is a fun little pub! Great variety of beers, on top of a full bar (liquor) and a pretty decent menu! A group of friends and I went here and each of us were happy with everything. The loaded potato skins were just enough to fill my belly, nothing special about them, but still good. The french onion soup and clam chowder were delicious and the chicken fingers, A - OK! Next time I go I would like to try some of their famous main dishes so I can leave a better review. We kind of ate from their appetizer menu, so nothing different and exciting. The place is usually hoping on the weekends, because it is located on Mill. They have live bands, a small dance floor, inside seating and a large outside patio with tables and a full bar. The servers, bartenders and bouncers are all quite nice, its a fun atmosphere! :)
