2	This space was recently remodeled in effort to change from shady six-pack store to a neighborhood pub. The space looks GREAT, all but for the way-too-bright lighting which completely kills the charm of the space. Also killing the mood was the rerun of a baseball game on the TVs and complete lack of music and energy. It was midnight on a Saturday night and we WERE looking for something chill, but this was a little too chilly. I wouldn't want blasting music, but some pleasant background sounds might have earned a third star. My weak drink left much to be desired though. We did not try the food, but will try to return to do so and report back - obviously they're just getting started with this venture. Menu may be viewed on their facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/pages/Park-Place-Pub/120093864751077?sk=info. There's also talk of a patio to be opened soon on which I suggest low lighting so that one may escape the overbearing flood lights of the bar. The bar is non-smoking, which I commend. As a resident of this neighborhood, I want this place to do well. It just needs to have softer lighting, some decent vegan food items and well balanced drinks to gain my personal approval.
4	Great neighborhood feel. Reasonably priced.  Creative and flexible chefs. We ordered the following:cheeseburger; cooked perfectly and piled high with lettuce, tomato, and onions. Came with fresh cut fries.Roasted chicken; HUGE portion of juicy, seasoned chicken served with side salad (potatoes are default)Salmon salad; nice bed of lettuce/standard salad veggies, fresh tomato vinagarette dressing, and (mediocre) salmon fillet. The fillet was a bit dry and pretty small (especially next to burger and chicken).Greek pizza sans cheese; delicious seasoned pizza dough covered with a colorful quilt of spinach, onions, sauteed mushrooms, garlic, and kalamata olives. We also ordered the mussels appetizer which was a strong 7 out of 10 in my experience of ordering mussels at a restaurant.The draft beer selection was surprisingly decent as well.FYI PARK PLACE PUB does not (as of the time of our visit) serve wine. Order a cold draft instead.
1	Living just a few blocks from this place, I really wanted to like it.   And as a non-smoker, I was especially grateful for the opportunity to try out this place.  Unfortunately, I was completely disappointed.  The decor and lighting is jarring.  I go to bars to get away from blaring TVs.  How about some music?The food was ugh.  Large portions does not make up for cold fries, soggy wings, etc.  The food tastes like frozen, packaged factory-made food from food service companies.  I don't expect bars to use all fresh-made ingredients, but a few touches of freshness would be nice.
4	Stopped in here with my family post-Christmas for lunch. We had great service, good food and enjoyed the atmosphere. I'm a bit confused as to why there so many bad reviews for this place. It's a great local bar serving better than average bar food. We had a salmon Cesar salad and shared a Greek pizza served with fresh spinach on top. Both were good. We also enjoyed the seasonal Sam's Adams on tap. We'll be back!
1	I was walking around the neighborhood and decided to stop in for some lunch. It was about 3pm and there was no one in the place. The cook was sitting on a lawn chair outside and the bartender was on her cell phone. Jen, the bartender, preceded to take my order, (while still on the phone), and then left to sit outside. I watched as the cook came back in and prepared my food. The bartender came back in to wait on another customer. She hung up for him and preceded to tell the man how she was wasted and almost got arrested the night before. It seemed like every other word was included the "F" boom.My food arrived, steak nachos, served in a paper boat - standard pub fare. Liquid cheese from a can and a bland piece of steak cut into cubes. The only delightful part about the meal was the fresh salsa on top.I waited for 30 minutes after I finished for the bartender to give me the check. I only ordered a soda. She didn't check on me while I was eating. Since I had to leave, I got up to find her tanning herself outside. She gave me the check and walked away. The guy fixing the ice machine, watching the experience, said I should have just walked out.I have never had such bad service. The food was boring and bland. The place has the potential for being a great neighborhood pub, but they need to get their act together first.
1	I'm sitting at the bar now: I would never in my life tell a server that my plate tastes like dog food. Buy if I ever had the nerve to it would be at the Park place pub. Ordered a yuengling and a chili and had 2 bites and almost yakked. These people are theifs. Go to Giant Eagle and get a $1 can of soup you'd have a better meal.
3	Well folks, I'll start with the bottom line...it's a neighborhood bar, in a neighborhood with not much else to offer that isn't pretentious, uppity and overpriced.A friend was treating me to lunch yesterday, and I live in Morningside, which locally means either Rite Aid or the yinzer pizza shop.  We were on foot, and didn't want to wait questionable hours for the bus, so we set out for the closest 'walkable' eateries, which in my area means first Highland Park or East Liberty. So we opted to explore the closer of the two. After checking out the options - Smiling Banana Leaf, good but expensive. Some other Asian place, closed. Park Brugge, second mortgage for food anyone? Enrico's 2, coffee and dry biscuits overpriced - we decided on the one place that looked like a normal, affordable place to eat, and took a seat at the Park Place Pub.When we went in, there were two customers at the bar, the bartender/waitress and the cook behind the line. Two TVs were blaring some soccer game, but otherwise, it was very quiet. At one point one of the TV channels was changed to give us some 'variety' and we got to watch Patrick Stewart talk about giant alligators, with some visuals of the gator attacking and nearly swallowing a wild boar whole. The waitress came and took our drink order, two iced teas since they have only Pepsi products, and brought them promptly, and during the course of the meal, kept them filled. We each ordered the fish sandwich, and small talked for the 20 minutes or so it took for the food to arrive.The rest of the menu items are pretty standard bar fare. Burgers (a couple of their own creations actually looked pretty good), pizzas (which I just have grown to accept as delivery fare - not something I ever consider eating in a restaurant), a collection of salads, a variety of wings, and some appetizers. A few items were edging toward a little too pricey for such a venue, and since my friend was treating, I opted for the more reasonable fish (not to mention, craving another location for a good fish sandwich).I have to say, it was a VERY good fish sandwich, with a healthy side of fries.  It was a very nice fresh good sized piece of fish, beer battered, topped with your choice of cheese, lettuce, tomato, tartar sauce and onion (which I opted out of), on a pretty decent white bread roll that wasn't too much or too little.  The fries were real potato, and were good enough - better than fake fries - although as they chilled they did get kind of soft and mushy.A few other customers dropped in while we were there, all of whom seemed very 'local'.  And it's certainly a very 'mixed' local crowd, which, for da burgh, is actually kind of nice to see outside of Squirrel Hill or Oakland. One was covered with construction dust, one looked like the neighborhood bubba drunk who needed his quick lunchtime fix, one was a student geek who set up with his computer at the bar. Nothing threatening, nothing pretentious...pleasant enough.The sandwiches were basically $10 each, were filling (it was quite a labored walk back home), the atmosphere was basic and pleasant enough, and the food was actually very good. It's not 5 star bistroid fare, but as I've mentioned in other reviews, I'm not a 'foodie', I like 'food'.  I'm glad to know that they're there, reasonably close, decent food and reasonable. I don't think I'd go out of my way to eat there...but I'm glad they're IN my way.
1	wanted to like this place but their hamburger made me sick.  :(
2	Living in the neighborhood, I really, really wanted to like this place! But that's not how things turned out, sadly. I ordered a burger, which was HUGE-- but just really not very good. It did, however, come with a nice, healthy portion of fries, which were fine! The burger didn't make me sick or anything, it just was bland tasting and actually much too big. When I tried to pick it up to take a bite, everything just fell apart in a slippery, greasy mess. My friend ordered the wings, which were actually really good! (And also came in a nice-sized portion)Like others have said, the ambiance is lacking. It is pretty bare-bones inside. They have a nice big deck out back but when we asked if we could eat outside, they said the deck was closed. (It was a beautiful July evening-- it seemed crazy not to eat outside!) I don't think I'll be back, at least not for dinner. It might not be a bad place to drop in for a drink and wings, but skip the entrees!
3	I use this pub as a place to watch games when I don't want to drive--it's a couple of blocks away, and I don't have cable.Beer selection is minimum, but their on-tap selection usually has quite a few selections compared to other places, and always a few seasonals.The waitresses/bartenders are 9/10 unfriendly, but the chef makes up for it. Especially with the 9ers play, he comes out and hangs out in between cooking up orders. And he can cook! I love their pizzas--who knew a bar would have artisan pizzas?All in all, a good neighborhood bar. Not something I would drive across the city for, but if you're within walking distance, check it out. But then again, I wouldn't drive for Park Bruges either.
3	Friendly enough place
2	I went to Park Place Pub and ordered the fish and chips appetizer. I just wanted a small bite to eat and didn't want to spend too much so I chose this place over Park Bruge. It was also my first time in the Bryant Street area. If I had read these reviews first, I definitely would've skipped it. I'm giving it two stars because the bartender/waitress was really nice. Otherwise, I would be giving it one star for the food and experience.I got a generous serving of fries, but the fish was gross. When I pulled it apart the fish was barely discernible. Not even a hint of flaky white meat. Instead I found was a super flat and grey filet. Basically I was paying for batter and fries. I told the waitress that the fish didn't look right and I didn't want it. She couldn't even say anything. She took it away. I briefly entertained the thought of ordering something else off the menu but decided against it. I won't be back.
2	Honestly nothing I have eaten here could even be considered average. The service is always solid, but the average beer selection and below average food make this place forgettable. I now spend my time at the Bulldog Pub instead which has better food, beer selection, and atmosphere.
3	A pleasant, little neighborhood pub. It's a decent place to pick up a 6 pack in a pinch. It's also a fair place to spend some time waiting to eat at one of the acclaimed restaurants down the road.
2	I used to eat here before the remodeling and enjoyed some of the BEST chicken wings I've ever had. Sadly, the wings are no longer available leaving this place a poor option for dinner.My lady friend and I sat at the bar and were given menus made of printer paper (they used to have real menus) and were informed that our bartender and our waitress would be two different people (???? Who does that?). Upon learning that wings were no longer available I decided on a gourmet burger. Placed my order, paused a bit at the end and said "aren't you gonna ask me how I want it cooked?". Waitress says "oh they're cooked medium well or something". Canceled my order for a burger. Not gonna pay 11 bucks for a burger from a place that doesn't  know how to cook meat. Ordered bacon "cheese" fries. Disgusting vegetable oil type "cheese" on rather average fries. My lady friend ordered slider burgers, they weren't bad for a place that doesn't know how to cook meat. And despite all this, I would still come back if I could get those fantastic wings! :( If you want a burger, go to BRGR. Want wings? Go to Capri. Want a menu that isn't a sheet of printer paper? Go anywhere.
5	The new proprietors of the kitchen have successfully created the most delicious burger I've ever tasted.  The burgers consist of different hand ground cuts of free range, hormone free beef.  The French fries are double blanched and double fried that guarantees a crisp, yummy fry.  The onion rings are cut to order, the tempura batter light and the homemade dipping sauce is perfect.  Stop in ask for James (he's one of the new owners of kitchen and the head chef)...
4	I live a couple blocks from here and never went in because it was always empty  but times have changed!  This place is becoming a totally cool neighborhood hangout with some fine bartenders, namely Caleb, and a kick ass burger joint that leases  in the back. Chef James rocks it!  Great juke box, lots of laughs, you will feel right at home.  Alone or with friends, this is a highland park "cheers".  Also open on holidays if you need a place to get away from family!! Been there xmas eve and it was much needed.
