5	I took my Yelp friend Irene V. here the other day to get a pedicure with me and I was not surprised when she said she loved the place!  Sigh, I'd let you in on my secret haven. Imagine the Barber Shop, that the kind of place this is in real life. Place is clean, unpretentious and the price extremely reasonable. There are two ladies there who does the pedi and mani. A spa pedi is $22 (only!) and a gel French manicure is $25 (only!). I have been going to Traci but both Traci and Eva will do a fantastic job. They also have hair cut, coloring, lash extension, and facial services. What I mean though about it being like the Barber Shop is that I do on occasion go in to shoot the breeze with the ladies. Both of them are extremely nice and friendly and we will sit around and chat as though we're sitting on a front porch somewhere waving our fans, having lemonade. There you have it- the best kept secret and my safe haven has been yelped!!!Well, guess these ladies are so nice and so great- everyone should know about them. Except of course when I want to get my nails done or go in for a chat!!!!
5	Oh no! Su-Shien beat me to writing the first review! Darn it. I could *not* believe there wasn't a single review about this place. The prices are stellar and the services top notch. It was surprising to find such a deal un-Yelped. (Then I realized Su-Shien must have been hoarding her beauty trade secrets ;)I walked in early for my appointment and was greeted with smiles. The space is brightly lit, neatly decorated and soothing. As I eased into my massage chair I knew I was in trouble. Uber massage! My technician was a rock star, Eva, and worked wonders with my tootsies. I left feeling rested, calm and wonderful. And really, that's what a day at the spa should feel like. Except I was sneaking away for a quick afternoon treat. (Shh! Don't tell too many people. I was too spoiled with my afternoon with the ladies.) A pedicure was only $20! I didn't even think to ask for any add-ons. I walked away (ha!) with impeccably soft, lovable feet. I love the concept of being able to book a slot. (Walk-ins are welcome too!) This space also offers hair services, lashes and facials. I'll have to explore on my next adventure. I trust these ladies implicitly. They were w-o-n-d-e-r-f-u-l.
5	Tatum hair and nails is my go-to salon, affordable and quick.Danny has been cutting the hair of me and my mom for years with no complaints. The prices are very reasonable for haircuts and manicures; I usually make an appointment a couple days before just in case but being a walk in usually doesn't have a long wait either.I can't see myself going anywhere else in the foreseeable future, even since I moved across town I will make the drive to make sure my hairs gets done the way I like it. If you want a quality hair cut without overpaying this is the place.
