3	More than just a Yoga Studio, this place has Pilates classes, and now... BIKINI BOOT CAMP!I just discovered that they have added a Bikini Boot Camp.  I'm in.... I'll be getting my hot body back.  I'm tired of the one i have been using lately.I promise an in depth review after the first week of torture
3	More like 2.5 stars. This place is kind of a clusterfuck.  The evening classes are always PACKED, so you have to go early to sign up outside which is more difficult and confusing than it should be. Most of the classes are taught by the owner - and I don't think she is a very good yoga instructor.  She is more of an aerobics/fitness instructor - she wants you to feel the burn, push yourself to your limits and plays loud pop music during class.  The instructor who does the Tuesday/Thursday evening classes is much better and yoga-ish, its more relaxing while still getting in a good sweaty session.  I always feel so good when it is over! Something about this place that really skeeves me out: Towards the end of class, before relaxation, the instructor (and 2 volunteers) come around and give EVERY person a little back and foot massage.  That would feel nice if this were a normal yoga class, but considering how much everyone is sweating, its kinda gross.  I don't know if that is normal for hot yoga classes, but its unsanitary... Sometimes the owner locks her dog up inside her car while she is in class, which I think is mean.  I hope she doesn't do that in the summer time.
5	Got in on the awesome studio by chance via livingsocial.com...and fell in love!  Having experienced TONS of different types of fitness classes, at several different locations, I can assure this as one of the best workouts you can get!  I prefer to have the option to push myself or, on an off night, take it a little easy.  All instructors I've experience here, do provide you with both those options.  Although, Dawn (Mon, Wed & Fri classes) does push a little harder.  Which is what working out is supposed to be all about, right?  I am so grateful for livingsocial to open my eyes to a killer workout and a wonderful atmosphere.  Some yoga studios prefer a very serious room, without any chatting or laughing, and assigned seating based upon skill level.  Nothing like that here!  If you are going to work your a** off, shouldn't you have some fun too?  I am hoping to try the boot camp and pilates at some point.  Thank you Hot Yoga Workout!!  I will be continuing to attend as many body transforming classes as possible!
1	I've taken hot yoga from many studios in Phoenix, and this is by far the WORSE.I'm pretty sure the instructor Dawn has A.D.D. She couldn't seem to focus on the class. The class was in shambles. Everyone of doing different positions, it was ridiculously unorganized. Dawn would start counting down a pose, then forget about the class and start doing her own moves in the mirror, then remember about us and start counting down again at a totally different number.She'd put us in a pose, then start random chatting with people, and totally forget about us. It was a total waste of time. Speaking of time....the class is scheduled for 1hr/25min. I think the class is soo long to schedule in Dawn's day dreaming. The class started almost 10 minutes late, and went WAY OVER 1hr/25mins. I was ready to scream! Thank god I only went there on a $20 coupon. I'm never going back.
5	I just wanted to give my two cent. I have been going to dawn studio for years. I like the fact that Dawn studio  is a small business phoenix az owned good for the economy..all of us. I like the classes I feel I get a great workout everytime. I do wish they had classes wtih the cool air..but then it would be call Hot Yoga..lol. I also would like to see more pilates classes. I met Dawn when she still had a regular job and a weight problem she has taught me more about staying focus working hard to getting in shape since she know what it take to keep it together. I would recommend Dawn classes in a heartbeat.!
5	I've tried several yoga/Pilates studio's  and this is one of my favorites. The classes are smaller but not too small and the location is great. Each teacher seems to have very different teaching techniques so it's nice to have a little variety. Kim is one of the best teachers I've ever had and HIGHLY recommend taking one of her classes! They all play different music and use different lighting depending on the class so it's always a little different. I wish there were a little more options for class times but it's a small studio and what they have is easy to work with. They have 4:30 and 6/6:30 classes depending on what you are looking for and have a couple of weekend classes. I highly recommend giving this studio a try!
4	Great location, nice quaint studio, pretty good prices. Patrick is a world class yoga teacher - his classes are the BEST
