4	I used to live in Surprise and this was the go-to salon. They have great prices and the staff is very friendly! The salon itself is basic but nice. My stylist Tessa did an amazing job and really listens to what you want. She is up to date on what is trendy and understood what I wanted. They have quick appointments too! I also had my brows and lip waxed which was done to perfection. I haven't used any other stylists but Tessa and Brandi but both were great and I would certainly recommend this place for anyone who is sick of paying $70 for a $40 dollar haircut because of location!
4	Recently moved to AZ from CA.  Needed to find a stylist who knows how to cut hair.  Found a great stylist at Lynn-Matthew Salon who listens to what you want and follows through with a great haircut.  Call and make an appointment with Harley.
4	I usually come here for a haircut because I always get exactly what I want, but I think $39 is a bit much for a trim and blow dry. I've had color correction done here too and it came out really nice, but if you just want a simple trim, I'd go somewhere cheaper.
4	I didn't know anyone who used this girl, but did have a friend who used Angela (I think it is) and her hair was absolutely perfection.  So, after reading some yelp reviews, I decided to try Tessa.If you are looking for a stylist that isn't overpriced but does a decent job try Tessa.  She really did a fantastic--in fact, one of the best jobs ever--on the back of my curly head.  I never had it curl up so cute as the way she cut it.Since I have gray hair and wanted to have some lowlights put in, I asked her if she could swing it and she did.  She must have done a great job on that, too, as I have had so many comments on the streaks she put in--all placed exactly right, by the way--that even the cashiers at stores have commented on how attractive they are.  Bingo!!!!!Tessa does a good job for a decent price.  What more do you want from a hair stylist than that (aren't you, too, tired of overpaying and getting ripped off at these salons?)?????  I'll be back here using Tessa again...for sure!!!
1	Horrid!  I don't know if she was new but my stylist Sara turned my hair orange. She then toned me three times and it still didn't help.   I went back the next day, and she did put in more highlights to try and fix the orange and it's ok for now, but I won't be going back.  Plus they charged me $158 for highlights and orange color, not including a cut... that's a bit steep for surprise, especially since it was such a bad job.
5	I go to Harley or my haircuts and he is amazing!
5	For the first time in my life (and I'm not that young) I have been asked countless times where I get my hair cut. I recently moved here and know how difficult it can be to find a good but reasonably priced stylist. With Trisha I certainly found it. She is amazing every time from cut to color and It's the first time that I've been to a stylist where I didn't feel like I had to go home and re-style my hair! As an added bonus she's always on time for her appointments. I think I would follow her anywhere!!
5	I am broken-hearted!  This salon closed! John gave me such good perms. I am 70 and have fine, thin hair!  I haven't had such good perms since I retired at age 62.  I didn't want to go back downtown for my perms, so I looked for somewhere close and found John.  I sure hope I don't lose track of him, because I'll follow him to whatever salon he goes to.
