4	Frazier Park is a very nice, spacious park located in Uptown's Third Ward. It's got plenty of space for basketball and other sports, in addition to greenway trails, but the newest amenity that everyone is talking about is the dog park. It's the first off-leash dog park in uptown, giving urban dog-owners a nearby place to play with their pooches. To be honest, I'm not really a dog person, but I've accompanied friends to the dog park. They seem to love it. The park has separate areas for small dogs and big dogs, and the county hopes to add doggie playground equipment.
4	Frazier Park is in a lot of ways a hidden gem. It's very much on the outskirts of the city, so if you don't live in the Gateway area, you're probably not spending a lot of time here. But you should. After some much-needed cleaning-up and development, Frazier Park is a great place to head now. Great place to jog or throw a frisbee with friends, and there's a decent outdoor basketball court there, too. The games haven't been that great yet, but it's becoming more and more popular, so that should change sometime soon. Again, though, the real coup de resistance of Frazier Park is the new dog run that opened there recently, which has been an unmitigated success so far. This place is awesome and is a huge hit for all dog lovers in the city. The dog run is huge--there's lots of room to let your dog run free and play with the 50 or so other dogs that might be there, too. There's even a smaller pen where puppies and tiny dogs can frolic without getting trampled by larger pets. Again, great place to take your dog, especially on the weekend. Great place to meet fellow pet-lovers, too.
3	When I moved to Charlotte with my French Bulldog in late 2005, I was more than a little shocked that Charlotte didn't have an off-leash dog park within seven miles of Uptown.  When Frazier Park opened last year to much fanfare, I was elated that my pooch and I would finally have a place stretch our legs and run around like crazy dogs.Although I haven't been disappointed with Frazier Park itself, I am underwhelmed at the City's efforts to provide for its canine citizens. By the way, if you need proof that Charlotteans are dog-crazed, visit Freedom Park any warm spring weekend and you'll see a stream of dogs and people that will make your head spin. Cue up the music for "Easter Parade" and you get the picture: dogs and people of every imaginable size, breed, shape, and color.Frazier Park has separate areas for both large and small dogs, and it is well-provisioned with water and poopy-bags. My only nitpick is that the groundskeepers need to monitor the dog areas for low spots and fill them in with topsoil or sand as needed. Once a muddle puddle turns into a mud-wallow, things can get out of hand quickly.
3	Have you ever felt the desire to find a quiet field with abundant shade, rest beneath a generous tree and read or merely rest, lulled by the sounds of birds, insects and the wind?Well, you don't quite get that here.  The park itself is peaceful enough with its walking paths, abundant greenery and a little rippling creek.  But the peace is spoiled by the rush of traffic on the surrounding highways.  A constant roar in the distance. Still, as long as you aren't looking for contemplative silence, there's plenty with which you can stay busy.  They have courts for tennis and basketball, and picnic tables to fill up after a rousing game. There's apparently a playground somewhere for the kids (I didn't see it myself). And of course the place is extremely dog friendly with designated dog play areas, for small and large breeds, as well  as complementary biodegradable doggy doodoo pickup mitts. Maybe I'll come back when I've got a spunky mutt to enjoy the amenities.
5	My dog and I both love the dog park @ Frazier Park.  They have a fenced-in area for small dogs and big dogs, fresh water available, bags to clean up after your pet and plenty of room to run.  If the weather is nice, it's likely there will be at least one other dog wanting to play with your pooch.
4	Now that my pup is up to date on spay and shots she was ready for her first dog park experience. I was pleasantly surprised with Frazier Park.  I appreciate that there are two separate areas, one for big dogs and one for small. Considering this was our first experience, and Bindi is a whopping 9 lbs soak and wet, we decided to stick to the small area (which had 3 or 4 doggies hanging out with their owners). She had an absolute ball running around and meeting new friends. I started with the leash but eventually felt comfortable enough to let her loose (which I watched-closely). All of the owners I met that day were responsible and courteous. Everyone picked up their doggies messes which the bottom of my shoes appreciated. They have a picnic table to sit down too. While they provide a drinking station for the little dogs - the freshness of the water was a bit suspect - and truthfully it should have been a tad bit bigger. My other gripe was that while they have two kiddie pools for the dogs, both were dragged into the large dog area leaving our little pups without any water to play in... Overall the grounds are large and well kept, parking was not a hassle, and if you are careful about who your dogs interact with (observing which dogs may be more aggressive- and which area is size-appropriate), it is a good place to let them have a little bit of fun sans leash.
4	Frazier Park is a delightful, no frills park.  The creek, green grass, and gorgeous big trees can make for a beautiful day.  I often take my dogs to the dog park which is separated - one side for the big pups and one side for the little guys.  On busy days, the one picnic table provided in each section can become pretty packed.  There is a water spicket on each side which is great for keeping the babies hydrated.  However, the spicket is surrounded by dirt which makes for a very muddy situation.  Most owners here are responsible.  However, I have seen some questionable behaviors over on the "big side."  Some of those guys aren't always friendly with each other and owners can be too engaged in cell phone conversations or other activities to keep a watchful eye.  Just be aware of your surroundings!There are basketball courts and tennis courts available.  They are used very frequently in the summer but can really use a little TLC.  Street parking is available for free along Sycamore Street.  However, don't park in the wrong direction.  I've seen tickets written for that before my eyes!While I live across the street from this park, I'm only comfortable going during daylight hours.  After sunset, I'm not confident in recommending a stroll.
4	Nice little retreat from urban space... in the middle of it all!  Basketball courts, tennis courts, dog park, short walking paths, volleyball court, fields, and a playground can all be found here.  I've only really used the tennis courts here, but it seems there is something for everyone.  Despite the trees, there is a lot of 77 traffic noise that comes though so if you do play tennis and are distracted by noise, I wouldn't recommend these courts (no lights either).  Your vocal chords do get a workout keeping the score or having a conversation with your opponent. :)
5	Everyone in my family loves this park but for different reasons. I love that it is a stone's throw from my house and I wake up to lots of greenery and people from all walks of life enjoying the space year round. Also, free and convenient parking. Hubby loves playing ball with guys from the hood. Mung Mung loves the dog park with divided small and large dog areas -- he'll play in either but loves roughing it up with the big boys. He can't wait to drink from the doggy water fountain and mommy loves all the convenient doggy bag stations.
4	Frazier Park is a hidden gem in Charlotte. It's right up in Uptown, but when you're there, if it wasn't for the dull roar of the highway, you would think you were out in the country somewhere.  There's a little bit for everyone there. There's a running trail that goes a little less than 2 miles from end to end, so you can get a good little jog in if that's your thing. There are two basketball courts that aren't too busy most of the time, and they just resurfaced them , so they're better than they were.  There are also two tennis courts too.  There is a dog park with small and large dog areas, with water available and benches to hang out at while the dogs fight it out...Under the bridge from dog park is where the huge playing field is. It's a full size football field basically with a 1/4 mile track around the outside. And there is a kids playground too, so something for everyone and parking off of 1st avenue if you drive there.
5	Beautiful dog park & very convenient to uptown! I was very impressed with the large area for dogs to play, and nice that they have separate spaces for large or small dogs! Will definitely be back!
4	I visit here frequently and love the dog park. It's big enough to give the dogs plenty of room to play but small enough to get people socializing. Additionally, the dogs here seem much more well behaved than at Reedy Creek Park. My only 2 complaints are that the park is so close to 77 that there's a lot of road noise and that last time I went I laid a basketball by the door of the dog park and someone stole it. I was dumb to leave it there but it also shows you the quality of some of the people that hang around the adjacent basketball courts.
3	Not a terrible park, especially if you are trying to compare it to Freedom but it's great if you live nearby and especially great if you have a dog.My apartment building backs up to a gravel path that opens up to the soccer field. There is a paved path that loops around the field, perfect for walking or jogging. There are tall trees and brook that runs along the side of the field and if it wasn't for the highway not too far away you would forget that your a mile from city center. Across the street there are a few tennis courts in decent condition and a no-leash dog park. The dog park is by-far the most bustling part of the park and seems to be well maintained.Because it is technically on the "out skirts" of the city I would be mindful of your surroundings, which is really common sense for anywhere.Love having this place so close to my home!
4	I love this spot!! Great running trails! I wish there was more events however, they have so much room here but there is never anything going on!
4	Great park to bring your dog, it's a little short on grass but has small/large dog sections and running water to clean off your dog.
4	Wonderful park! Haven't even come close to exploring all of it. The dog park area is great, unfortunately most dog owners are there to socialize/stare at their phones. Dog park is off of S Sycamore behind the basketball court--took me forever to find it.
5	Hey y'all I'm a dog sitter ! I live right across from this park and visit often. I love the trail here and the dog park itself. Coincidently located right off the highway and perfect for family fun or just some one on one time with you and the pup. I have not seen anything sketchy going on here in my 4 years of visiting this park, and I continue to increase that number. Come out and have some fun.
4	The park is only like 8 minutes from the airport, so I visited the dog park with my high energy pup after dropping a friend off for his flight. The park area itself seems very nice and green and relaxing. The dog park was well cared for, with poopy bags, maintained garbage cans, and water access. A lot of the surface in the big dog section is sand/gravel. While it would be nicer if it were grassier, I was still very thankful for the safe space to let my dog get his crazies out!
5	My favorite park in Charlotte! I like how it's secluded, and in a pretty and historic part of town. My house is close enough for me to enjoy a good bike ride to the park in the summer- I love the trail! It's very dog friendly with a built in area for dogs and their owners to socialize. There are swings and basketball courts which I appreciate every much.
4	This dog park is within walking distance of my house so I'll try not to be too swayed by that fact alone. Good:  wide open space even though the park is irregular shaped, you can usually still keep an eye on your dog. Water area with a fresh water spigot  (granted it can get messy but sheesh, they're DOGS afterall).  Picnic table seating- I'm pretty lazy. A few trees in the main area that people congregate. The meh. Mostly dirt/clay. The bad. Never and I mean never have I been to a dog park that there is no poop station inside the fence. Just weird.
