5	The best dentists around.  When choosing a dentist, make sure you pick one who is more concerned with YOUR best interests instead of their bottom line.  I've never been pressured into excessive work, the staff is very friendly and the doctors are good people.Here's a post-script example.  My son was diagnosed with like a dozen cavities and they said we should do it on 4 separate visits-per quadrant- so it's not so stressful for him.  After the first one, he was convinced to change his hygeine habits.  We did the second and third, but then the doc said that he has clearly improved his care and that we could skip the fourth quadrant (they're primary teeth).  they could have easily let us do that fourth visit and made more money, but they didn't.  that's pretty cool
5	Your worst nightmare will become sweet dreams when you go to Seville Family Dentistry!I had a phobia of going to the dentist for 50 years after being bullied by a dentist when I was a child. I did take anxiety medication twice when I first started going to Seville, but never since that!What a wonderful experience to be treated by such fabulous dentists and their most outstanding staff!
5	About three years ago, I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Brauer to have a lost crown replaced. Because the previous dentist did a poor job on the crown, it had since fallen off. Due to procrastination,  I left the crown off for several months. Dr. Brauer explained that because of how the root had since shifted, it would be difficult to properly replace the crown. After several attempts, it appeared he was able to get it right. However, a few months later I went to a routine cleaning appointment. Dr. Brauer reviewed the x-rays, and said he wasn't completely satisfied with the placement. Because I had recently gotten braces, he suggested we coordinate with my orthodontist to shift the root back into the proper place. After working with my orthodontist for several months, Dr. Brauer replaced the crown again with no additional charges. Dr. Howard and Joy Brauer are honest, humble, detail oriented, and compassionate. They treated me respectfully, and made me feel as though I was interacting with a friend. They stand behind their work, and I strongly recommend them to anyone.
1	The dentist was pleasant, staff was pleasant too. My problem is that the dental hygienist put unclean (salty) gloves in my mouth while examining my mouth with tools. The dentist apologized and claimed that she was sure that the gloves were not dirty. Well, if they were clean, why would they taste salty???Now, not only do I fear going to a dentist again, I am having to go through the ordeal of getting blood work done with my primary care doctor to rule out any infections that I may have caught from the dirty gloves. Based on my experience, I would not recommend this dentistry to anyone.
5	I am so happy to have found such a wonderful dentist. To find a dentist that cares more about what's best for the patient and the art of dentistry over $$$ is very rare. My former dentists did shoddy work and talked me into procedures I did not need only to have my insurance deny payment after the work was done. My last dentist told me I needed root canal and a crown. I had both done and in less than 2 years the crown broke off at the root. Saw the dentist that did the job same day. While he was working on me he said " I am surprised this tooth lasted this long ".  If I had known this I would never had spent big bucks on a tooth that would need to be pulled in the end.Seville Dentistry is honest with a super helpful, friendly staff. I have never felt pain while in the chair and have been so relaxed I could have dozed off.
5	The dentists here are really good. They are nice and always willing to spend time explaining what they are doing. I'm usually full of questions and not usually trusting. Because they always answer my questions and don't BS me, I've felt cofortable coming here for years. And best of all, I've never been robbed or stabbed in the parking lot.
