2	Predicting this place will be going out of business soon. Never been great but i have found some great buys here on Columbia pants and such. Now the store has limited stock it appears and is stretched out to fill the gaps which you usually see in stores struggling to stay open.
2	I'm with Gary here, and even though he predicted the place would be out of business two years ago, it still has a stretched stock and there is a feeling like they have too much space for the amount of merchandise they carry.Prices are reasonable for this type of clothing and department store, but before you buy anything here, walk down a hundred yards to the K&G first.
4	I love Ross! They get daily shipments and stock quite a bit of my favorite, Calvin Klein. Ladies-this is a great place to find really nice suits or dresses... and you cannot beat the prices!
3	I haven't been to Ross in years, but recently my friends and I were planning a trip to the US National Whitewater Center and needed to look for water shoes...sure enough, Ross had what we needed and for the cheap! Score!Like Bruce and Gary mentioned, the space is large which makes it look like everything was picked over or not replenished. Perhaps having more organized shelves or items lined in rows would help give it a different feel.Anyway, I found that it's a great store to stock up on items you'd want to take to the beach, but not pay huge prices to do so. They have swim wear in the $10s, a beach blanket for $15, and large towels around the same price. They have a variety of other things besides clothing too, like household items, body care, and even car mats. If you're in the mood to browse, but don't have anything too specific in mind, make a quick stop here.
4	Stop the presses!  I love this store... Especially when they're having their Dress Event, which is going on now... Where else can you fill up a bag with all sorts of seasonably appropriate and fashionable frocks for super cheap?  This place... Now, you definitely have to work for it and be willing to rummage through what seems like a million racks, but when you find your prizes, the time has always been well-spent... I will say this, though... When I have a long time to look, I hardly find anything... When I'm on a time crunch, though?  The goodies almost seem to fall from the sky into my hands... You can take that how you like... That's just how it happens to me... lol
1	Terrible customer service. I just dealt with Lois and she did not say one word to me. So rude! There are plenty of people out there looking for a job to replace you!
1	Not much to see. They play Hispanic music over the intercom system meaning no English. The store shelves are empty. I was in & out in 5 minutes, didn't find anything, was very unimpressed & will not return.
