5	Exactly how it was back home in the Philippines. For all the fobs out there like me, Potato Corner is one of those that reminds you of your growing up days. Every flavor I've tried is so good. My favorite is Cheese! And I always ask for extra. Everyone is really nice and friendly. Dangerously located near the workplace!!!!
1	Food is good service sucks. Super slow! Not good for people who work here and have times breaks. I wish they would pick up speed. 15 mins for French fries is out of control. Get it together!!!! So I can enjoy your food.
5	Excellent food! Always cooked fresh. Best flavors are BBQ!! Staff is always friendly and helps with smile. On the weekends the line can get pretty long ......love the food .....I'll wait!
5	If you are looking for something different, this is the place to go!It will be the best flavored fries you will every try! It's awesome too that you can watch them prepare you food through the window!
4	AMBIANCE: 4 - cute little food stand where it is annoying to have a long line. it's not their fault that there's no where to sit though! SERVICE: 3 - they are pretty new in the mall, but it was a pretty long wait for fries. they need a more efficient way to have fresh fries and eliminate the long lines&wait. FOOD: 5 - meal was expensive! me and my friend shared the biggest one for $8, but you get a pretty good amount of fries and you can even pick two flavors. p.s. they give you your drink with the rest of the order
4	This place is reinventing fries as we know them! Always fresh, hot and tasty, this new food kiosk at Town Square has the best fried spuds, no matter how you eat them-- as fries, tater tots, or curly. Why 4 stars? It's a bit ironic, but the same reason these fries are awesome (fried fresh every time), makes the service a bit slow. Make sure to allow for a good 5-10 minutes to get your order. My favorite flavor? Try the garlic parmesan! They are truly the best!
4	Saw this little place and just had to try it! It took me forever to decide on what I wanted but there was a line so I had a lot of time to think it over. I decided to get the chili cheese tots. Chili wasn't spicy and the cheese was melted all over!!! It was delicious!! The food was absolutely amazing but the service could be better. There was only one girl working and there were a bunch of customers who all came at the same time. She had to run back and forth from the cash register to the fries. (They make the fries very well so the process takes a little bit. You can watch them make it though the window). She was absolutely amazing! A few people were telling her, "Keep up the great work! You're doing well with the crowd." With that being said.. they need to hire more people!! A second lady came out to the cash register 10 minutes after I got there but I think they could still use more help. I can't wait to go back there to try the BBQ and the sour cream and onion seasoned fries. I'll just bring a book with me next time for the wait! (Not exaggerating.. It takes a while for you to order and then it's a long wait for it to become ready.)
2	I think this place has amazing fries but it still needs improvement, like they need to speed it up. It took us about maybe 30min. To just get the chicken combo with only 4 small loofy wings and a couple of loopy fries. Plus i think they need to size up the food portions. Plus, the girl who worked at the register said it would only be 7minutes for the chicken combo! I honestly think this place is horrible and the service is honestly disgraceful.  ;(Also employees needs to work together and apologize to customers for the long unacceptable wait for a freaken fries and chix wings. Like seriously?
3	There is always a line at Potato Corner, but with the amount of seasoning and the (huge) portions they give you, it's hard to complain. 3 stars because it annoys the crap out of me when I see workers on their phone when it's busy. I wouldn't mind if it were just a two or three person line, but when seven+ customers are waiting, you need to put in work! You can tweet about how busy it is after the rush, lol!
4	I love the BBQ fries but the wait to get them is so long. They need to have more ppl working. I don't like the chicken either. It's like they overcook them. Chicken tenders are great for the kids.
5	Flavored fries: cheddar, sour cream, BBQ, and parmesan cheese. I like the regular fries but they have all sort of fries like waffle fries, curly, and sweet potato. I'm always satisfied with their service. Also, they have a point system where you get a point every 3$ you buy. Once you get 10 points, you get a Mega fries for free
5	I did not know they would have this place here in America because they only have this in the philippines! It taste amazing guys, i recommend everyone to come check it out! So yummy :)!! And their portioning is already alot even just for a small size! And the customer service is amazing. I will definitely come back here again.
1	Been here several times and this last time was the worst.. Bought a giga fries and the girl said it'll be ready in 30 seconds.. =\   After she packaged the fries I left and when I got to my car (which was around the corner) they were completely stale and cold.. Called the phone number to their location and the phone just kept on ringing.. Finally got ahold of someone and she was just speechless on the phone.. Literally speechless.. We were loyal customers but after this.. I don't know if I'll come back and support this business due to their customer service
1	I came by today..was very upset on how this guy made my  Giga Cheddar/Sour Cream and Mega Cheddar/Sourcream! :(( Ufortunately, i didn't try my ordered fries when I got in a To go bag..not until I got in rhe car with my son. Psshh! Drove there for lame a** flavored frenchfries!!! THEY SEEMED TO BE UNTRAINED . NO TASTE AT ALL! NO FLAVOR! FYI EMPLOYEES!! POTATO CORNER IS KNOWN FOR FLAVORED FRENCH FRIES!!! They need to be trained again pleeaasssseee!!!!!
4	I had a 10:30am appointment with a movie, so I decided to stop here for a little sustenance first.  There was absolutely no wait at 10am, the girl at the stand was cute and my order took less than 5 minutes.  The food was fine, although there's plenty to choose from and go back and try (traditional, curly, tots, chips, the works) as well as chicken strips and wings.  The moral of the story?  Sometimes being a lonely loser with nothing else better to do in the morning has it's benefits.  Or something.
4	I ordered the $3.99 combo and it was enough to fill me up. I selected the curly fries with cheddar powder and the flavor was kind of intense, but in a good way. The fries were cooked well, but they could've eased up on the powder a little bit. The service was less than stellar. It took them a while to get my order out and were kind of slow in the back, but overall not a bad place.
4	I came to this place after having yogurt. My sister recommended this place after remembering having it when we visited family in the Philippines. I, however, don't remember at all.There was quite sizable line. We ordered the smallest size, jumbo. We got regular fries with garlic parmesan and the loopy fries (aka curly fries) with the chili BBQ (forgot the actual name) flavor.The girl said it would take 5 minutes, which we were fine with. However, it took closer to 10 minutes, which we would've been fine with as well had she told us. But whatever, I'm not going to cause a scene over 5 minutes unless I was late to a movie or something.The fries themselves are good, but nothing special. I could see the bags of frozen fries from the order window. They fry them up when you order and add the seasoning after.The buckets looks small, but they filled them above the rim. They gave our fries in a to-go bag when we asked for it and offered us 2 cups of ketchup, which we gladly accepted.Overall, a good place to catch a snack. Maybe even to get a snack that you can sneak into the theaters? So ladies, bring your oversized purses! Just make sure that you don't mind getting some salt and seasoning on them in case the fries spill.
3	Needed a quick snack during an event at Town Square and fries sounded good. Prices are a bit high for what you get but the fries were decent, we got the skinny; run of the mill fry with no seasoning, we got a couple dipping sauces to try. The fries were crisp and hot, but they were frozen fries, not fresh.The staff was quick and friendly.
4	I know they're known for their fries, which are very satisfying with the array of seasonings to choose from, but I really enjoyed their chicken tenders.  Overall, it's a good spot in Town Square if you're looking for alternative options from all the restaurants nearby.  However, be mindful of the wait!  It's a quick bite joint, but not so quick.
