2	Yuck....dry bread, over cooked meat, no flavor. The crappiest part, somehow it added up to 20 bucks. I'm so bummed.  I had to eat it though...I was starving....I'm guessing I would have been more satisfied if I ate my $20 bucks instead.
1	Moment of weakness. They got my simple order wrong. No flavor. And the cheese part o the Philly Cheesesteak is practically MIA. Avoid unless you just want to burn money.
3	Daaamn, what's with all the hate? Granted I don't know much about Philly Cheesesteaks, but my sandwich was still very good. The bread wasn't dry at all, and the sandwich had good portions of meat and grilled onions along with the cheese wiz. Only complaint was that it was pretty expensive. But it IS in a tourist trap food court, so they're gonna milk you for as much as they can.
2	My eyes saw philly cheesesteak, my stomach growled yes, then my legs took me there. A mindless decision on my part.A hint of buyer's remorse trickled up upon checking in on Yelp, then came in a raging torrent of disappointment after taking the first bite. Never knew it was possible to have such bland food. There was no flavor in the bread, meat, onions, or peppers at all, not even in the hot sauce that I added! Were they allergic to salt and spices?I swear I didn't know better, but now I do.
2	Stopped by here last weekend and wasn't too impressed at all.  Sandwich was just alright and fries were nothing to really savor.  I had a small sandwich, fries, and drink that came out to be a little over $10.  I think i would expect a little better since this is Fashion Show Mall but I guess not every place sets high standards.
1	What an awful experience it was eating at this place.   The cashier had poor listening skills and no patience in taking orders.   You get no cheese in this cheese steak.  As the other reviewers stated, their food is bland.  Should gave gone to Wendy's just in the next stall.
2	Pricing: Good-Expensive. The sandwich isn't pricey, but the combo options were.Quality: Poor. Blandest thing I have ever eaten.Turnaround: Poor-Good. Came right before closing, but still this is suppose to be fast food.Service: Good. No attitude and provided everything I needed.Sadly, this is one of the few places that I have nothing good to really say about them. Their pricing was not comparable to anything I have had before and bordered on being way too expensive for a simple meal. Why would anyone pay $3 for a measly side of fries? The worst was the food. I never knew beef mixed with onions and peppers can be so devoid of flavors like this sandwich was. I am actually amazed, but since I had paid for this meal, I feel cheated instead. The meat, although tender, had no taste to them and I would have doubt I was even eating beef if I had not known I ordered a Philly cheesesteak. Moreover, the sandwich was dry, even with all the onions and peppers that would normally be oozing juices. The cheese was also strangely nonexistent so the sandwich was really just a bunch of beef sitting around doing nothing. The turnaround was also pretty sad. This is suppose to be fast-paced eatery in the middle of a food court and given that the items are either grilled or fried, I expected speedier service. In addition,  I was the last customer before they closed with not another soul in sight so I had no idea of what the holdup could even be.
4	Ok as far as mall food goes this was GOOD, I ordered and the person on the grill cooks it up fresh & hot.  I asked for my fries to be cooked a little longer so they're extra crispy,no arguing just a yes and a smile! The customer service was also good. Thank You. I'll be back :)
1	Sigh. I really wanted to like it. Ive been craving a Philly cheesesteak for a couple months now and it didnt satisfy my craving. I asked for mushrooms, peppers, and onions and it still didnt have much flavor. I even drowned it in their "spicy" sauce. Nothing, which made me wonder what I just poured all over my sandwich. And there was barely any cheese! Whyyyyyy. The regular sized sandwich,  with a small container of fries, and a regular drink came out to a ridiculous $11.55 ugh. Not coming back again.
