4	Always fast clean yummy and the manager dude is on point as far as high customer service. They messed my taco up. He smiled, personally made the correct taco, and said have a nice day in less than 30 seconds. :)))
1	Seriously I waited in the drive thru for like 10 minutes. Finally I actually called the store and asked if there was a problem. The manager was like no why? So I explained that we had all been sitting there for forever and I was trapped in the drive thru and couldn't get out and could he please start taking orders. His response was oh sorry I accidentally turned my headset off go ahead with your order. (I was 3 cars away).  Anyways I got my usual cantina bowl and it was okay... not great even by Taco Bell standards.
3	Coming to a US Taco Bell is always an interesting experience.First-off, there's no fries in US TB's. I learned that years ago when a group I was with apparently offended an employee by asking for fries supreme. It was like we were attacking a sacred family recipe by wanting ground beef and cheese on fries instead of nachos.Second, the combos come with a taco, not with a side like you would get in Canada. If you want nachos supreme you have to make a special request.Third, it's so much cheaper here. This is pretty standard across all fast food in the States. $5 for a Gordita combo here. Over $6 in Canada.For this restaurant in particular, the service was good and the food came up quite fast. They have a choice of three different Doritos tacos. Hopefully they bring that choice to Canada soon.Good call by the person who left the tip to swap a Doritos taco into a gordita. Delicious.
2	I'm stuck between TWO and THREE stars. After all it is Taco Bell. You can usually count on them for cheap and fast food. The cheap part is always standard. But, the fast part for this location has struggled for a while. I mainly visit this location for weekday work time lunch breaks (12 or 1 pm.)Maybe I should give them some slack because most places are slammed around this same time, but I feel they could step it up a bit and decrease the wait time a little.Although, I do really have zero complaints on the food. After all it is Taco Bell.
5	Wow the guy at the counter is a boss!!! Really nice and the food was perfect and that's saying alot cause I'm a picky eater and order weird stuff. Restaurant was clean and we'll manged touche taco bell!!!
