5	Best Vintage Store in Phoenix!  Hands down!  I never walk out of this store without something fabulous!  My two most recent purchases were a set of vintage 50's gold cat eye glasses sweater pins and a 60's yellow/orange/white disk bracelet!  The sweater pins are my new favorite accessory!  I wear black cat eye glasses so they were truly a fitting purchase. My other favorite two purchases from this store are hats!  I adore vintage hats, I have many of them!  I wear them all the time.  I found two at this store that I didn't have any like, which is rare.  One was green with a beautiful green veil and leaves and flowers on top.  The other is black and white pocadot with a red flower. Anyway... this store has everything!  A great selection of vintage clothing, awesome earrings and necklaces, a great selection of vintage wear for men, furniture, knick knacks... just the most amazing vintage finds in Phoenix!  I also love that owner is so knowledgeable in vintage items!  She also gave me a secret: how to repair the delicate veils on vintage hats!  A secret I have used more than once since she gave it to me!
4	Excellent vintage shop in the Melrose district. Hollywood Regency is in the space that used to house Phoenix Metro Retro. There's great vintage wear for men and women, all kinds of furniture, household bling, and other magical items from WWII through the 1970s. HR is a nice place to do some targeted or impulsive shopping while listening to Duke Ellington or other appropriately seductive music. Heidi, the owner, is extremely nice and very selective. She also participates in the Melrose Third Thursday and First Friday extended-hour extravaganzas. Tip: Check out Lamar, the cat. He's the light-heavyweight champ of 7th Ave.
5	If I could give this place a higher rating than 5 stars I would. Great place with wonderful clothes, jewelry, records, etc. ....and at a very fair price...best of all the woman working there was amazing! VERY VERY VERY nice...helpful...friendly. Helped me more than I could ever ask for and didn't try to sell me a thing. Fabulous place and I will be back for sure!!!
4	Great shop, friendly and helpful owner. I've been here a bunch of times - lots of times, I leave empty-handed, yesterday I was super lucky - I've wanted a vintage aluminum tree for years, this year we'll be having a sparkling Christmas!
5	This place is great! One of the best vintage clothing selections in Phoenix with all styles/eras AND sizes! Extremely friendly and knowledgeable sales staff!
4	If vintage is your thing , you must come to Hollywood Vintage. Great looking clothes , decent prices, fun old jewelry this place has it all!  The atmosphere is upbeat and fresh. It doesn't feel old or stale in comparision to some places.
5	LOVE the supply of vintage clothing, which is ever growing and changing.  There is a little bit of everything, and I always come in wishing I had about 4 hours to spend looking. Each time I turn around, I see something I didn't see on the first pass through the store. Amazingly, most everything is right on trend, whatever your style may be.There are vintage bags priced inexpensively , all the way up to designer vintage at an affordable rate. She also currently carries Leaders in Leather bags-- those Western style bags that look like they came straight out of the 50s. So cool. Everything in the store is something you'd feel SUPER LUCKY to find at a 'thrift' store; and the pricing, as I said, is very reasonable....but it's way better than a thrift store. She knows a LOT about other local shops and if she doesn't have what you want, she just might know who does. Be prepared to spend a LONG time here! Best vintage in Phoenix!
5	This is one of the best vintage shops I've ever been to. She has a wide selection of things. You need to be prepared to really spend some time in here. Like any vintage store, there are lots of different types of things all thrown together that you need to shop through - the difference is the quality of stuff in here. I could have spent hours and tons of money in here. The owner has a great selection of vintage jewelry, handbags and clothing along with stuff for the home. I walked away with some really unique pieces. The best part is that she was super friendly and really helpful. She even called a friend she has who shops vintage in San Diego to let me know where I should focus my searches - that is awesome customer service!
4	So I have a pretty decent event coming up in which I will be gender bending... I decide to pull off a little vintage number. Ok fine... a size 18-20 "little" vintage number! We had visited Retro Redux which is just across the street immediately before popping in. Let me just say the girl at the Retro Redux store, not friendly at all and it was hotter than the flames of hell in the store. IT'S PHOENIX PEOPLE TURN ON THE AIR!!! At Hollywood Vintage, the lady that was working was rocking a 50's Lucy Ricardoesque frock. Everything that the Retro girl was, she clearly was not!! I explained my situation, that I would need a bigger girl size and she pointed me in just the right direction. Unfortunately, I did not find anything that wow'd me that day. However, it was a hoot to listen to my partner go on and on about the vintage "aloha" wear that they had. I am so proud of him!! CHECK THIS PLACE OUT!! You will not be disappointed.
1	So, I read the great reviews on Yelp and when a friend suggested going here I was all over it!  Yes, let's go do Vintage!  So we get to Hollywood Regency Vintage and are overwhelmed with the selection of really cool vintage items.  There was an excellent selection of vintage jewelry and cool things rarely seen elsewhere like lipstick holders and little tin containers to "hide" hairspray under....and I was impressed.  The woman who is the owner seemed very helpful and friendly....however, upon commenting on a gorgeous dress in the back room, the sales associate working said to us "Yes, you think Prom with that one....but I had a woman 'OF A CERTAIN AGE' try it on and she looked pretty good in it too."  (She exaggerated it and meant OLD!)Then she turns to my friend who is one of the youngest looking,  beautiful women I know , (who looked about the same age as this sales associate)  and says: "I think you might look nice in it as you are about the same age she was."Really?  Really?  She said that?  About a customer??? Did she forget in less than a minute that she called the other customer ancient? (she was dressed like a fifties Lucille Ball and maybe that kind of thing was said in the 50's??So my friend looks at me and says in the nicest way:  "So, I think I'M done here, you?"  And we left.  I have worked in customer service and retail management for years and have never heard such a thing said to a customer.  WOW!~Needless to say I will NOT be back.Really?
4	As one of my fave English bands, ABC says, "It's so hip, so hip it hurts"...hurts...but in a good way. Like a naughty spanking. Not a big toe contusion hurt. First off, this place smelled delightful, like vanilla and lavender with a little Nag Champa thrown in...no weird old Auntie's closet smell here! We were greeted by a young Carol Burnett look alike which is awesome! Especially since Carol Burnett grew up in Hollywood and went to Hollywood High School.  But the flow of the store and the quality of their wares is top drawer! Overall, very well organized. Good flow. Did I mention it smells good? Amazing selection of purses. No, I'm not looking to buy a purse. I'm a he man after all. I just thought some were so cute I wanted to squeeze them. Um. Anyway. The mens section is not bad, lots of XL and not so much small  though...wondering who sold them these clothes? Big, brawny bowlers? Not sure.And for you nun collectors, you can't miss out on an entire area of nun bric a brac! Very fun! Like book stores, card shops and Hello Kitty Conventions, I could spend hours in here! Hollywood was my home for many years. Great to have some of the glam and glitz here in Phoenix!
5	So yes, I like owls. (It's not an addiction yet.) Both real and ceramic, but I tend to go for the ceramic. Less mess... Hollywood Regency Vintage is a great place to shop for owls or really anything cool or unusual and vintage. First, they always have spectacular window displays. If you are stuck waiting for something at the pharmacy next door they are worth checking out, just for the window displays alone. (Maybe they could start up a B&B... some of those displays look very comfortable. A night spent in their window display could be fun.) Second, I found the sweetest most amazing charm bracelet ever in the history of the world there, and I don't even like charm bracelets... well, now I do. Third, the owner and the lovely girl that works there know their stuff. If you are looking for something in particular they will help, but they never bother you. You can spend hours at the thrift store, but when you drive away empty handed drive over to this cool little store and you will find something. Perhaps something you never even knew you wanted or needed... a bird cage, brooch, tea set, boots, scarf, ceramic owl (with the Goldwaters' price tag still firmly attached at the bottom) something will call out to you. They also won't yell if you accidentally let their cat run away, or if your five year old acts like a five year old. (They have lolly pops to shut small children up, so smart.) They are warm and welcoming and they have lots of amazing things to buy at reasonable prices... for all the hard work they put in to finding these treasures. But stay away from the owls... they're mine.
4	Get out your pencil skirts and suspenders, it's time for a Mad Men party. I'm a sucker for theme parties and I blame my college days for this love. I hadn't done a vintage themed party in awhile and when it was on tap for an event in Chicago, I knew just where to go. I'm a frequenter of the Melrose District (not LA people, AZ) vintage shops, but more on the home design and accessory-front. But I would always pass by the vintage clothing stores along the way and Hollywood Regency Vintage was first on my list. The second I walked in, I knew I'd come to the right place. I hate to admit it, but it's pretty hard to tell the difference between the conservative look of 50's vs 60's, but the girl working at Hollywood Regency (I think she's either the manager or owner) definitely knew what she was doing. All I needed to stutter was "umm...60's like Mad Men" and she showed me right to a rack dedicated to the exact clothing I was looking for. She even tried to find me character specific attire. Needless to say, I was impressed. While I didn't end up finding the dress I was looking for (not the store's fault; it's more like I'm picky when it comes to my costumes), I had such a good experience, I came back to buy a pair of gloves. Besides my personal experience, the store itself is filled to the brim with every possible era and item imaginable to the vintage world. 1940s? Done. '70s roller girl? Got it. Hats, purses, shoes, gloves, accessories... this store has pretty much whatever you could ever want or need in the world of vintage. It's also a neighbor to the Zinnias antique store, perect you can do some treasure hunting when your done. So thank you Hollywood Regency Vintage for educating me on the fashionable world of the 1960s.
4	Another hidden gem only discovered through the previously hidden gem called Zinnias!  Love, love, love this place!  So, okay, I don't really wear vintage, but I love to look at the stuff and always dream of finding the perfect vintage dress that will fit me like a glove and stun those living in my little world. And, I know when I find that magical dress, it will likely be found at Hollywood Regency.They've got some great stuff, and the place doesn't smell like mothballs and mildew. It's clean and fresh and funky. Oh, and there are two cats that saunter around the place, greeting you every now and then will a quick meow. Funky fashion and felines... what's better than that?!But in all seriousness, I really think this is a topnotch place to find great vintage clothes. Everything is in great condition and stylish -- not so over the top that you could only wear it on Halloween, but unique enough that you look hip, classic, and one-of-a-kind. They've got tons of dresses, from causal to dressy to formal. I keep wishing I'd get invited to some great event, so I could find a cool, sleek dress that everyone will wonder where I got it from. (I've always wanted to tell someone, "Oh, this?  This is vintage.)  They also have some Krameresq shirts for men, a great selection of coats and shoes for both sexes, and also some cool costume jewelery and classic handbags.So, if vintage is your thing, definitely take a trip to Hollywood Regency.  And even if it isn't, still go. You might be surprised by how cool it can be!
5	Hollywood Regency is now Antique Sugar.  Same great store, new moniker!  Please keep shopping!!
5	Hollywood Regency vintage clothing is now Antique Sugar: Sweet Vintage Threads. Same great store, under new ownership.
