2	Can I say how many times I've been to this A&W/Long John Silvers? I'm not sure, because it's too many times to count. This happens to a be a favorite hit-up spot of my boyfriend's. He really loves this place and I'm not entirely sure why. Now that we've moved from his side of town to mine, we've been going to one a little closer, but we were over on the North side of town last night and of course, he wanted to eat here.Okay, it's not terrible, because it's fast food and all fast food is kind of terrible, right? I'd rather eat at McDonald's... or Burger King, or definitely Inn N Out or Sonic. That's a lot of places I'd rather eat at. Of course this is a combo restaurant. I believe A&W teamed up with LJS because their business had been failing (surprise!). I LOVE A&W Root Beer and Root Beer Floats, which is probably the only reason I'd ever come here before meeting my boyfriend, I had never had the food. The food is so mediocre, it's sad. The burgers are tiny, and sometimes they remind me of lunch-time at my elementary school. The fries are absolutely nothing special. As for the LJS side, I can say I only like Hush Puppies. Other than that the thought of their too-much-breaded fish and its greasiness make me run for the hills. I want to say it is okay because it is an American "classic", but I feel as though A&Ws will soon be gone from our landscape. Oh, as a side note, they do serve deep-fried cheese curds. Probably one of the only fast food joints that do.
4	Its all about the CHEESE CURDS!  Gotta have them.
4	First of all, I rarely give a review to a fast food restaurant.  If I end up reviewing a FF joint, it's due to great service or a poor review. That said, the reason for my review is a good one.  It's all about service.  Been here about 4 times in the last year.  Every time I've been in here, usually drive thru, I've always had the best service.  A couple of nights ago arrived her 2 minutes before closing. My fault, thought that this place closed at 11 PM, but it closed at 10 PM.  The Mgr took my order, like they should, but with no complaints.  The Mgr is always polite and the service is always quick.If you're in the area and want something quick & heathly, this is a good spot. BTW, healthy only if you order off the Fresh Grille Menu. Otherwise, like any other fast food when it comes to nutrition. What I've Tried:-Super Sampler:  Average at best.  Greasy and about 1,800 calories. -Big Cod Fish and Chips:  Thick piece of battered cod.  This was pretty good.-Chicken and Fish Combo:  Just like the Super Sampler, will do if you're starving and willing to consume 830 in one shot. -Salmon Entree:  My normal order.  Can't beat 255 calories with about 25 grams of protein.
5	Where do I start? Well I was driving looking for somewhere clean to grab a small bite & wash my hands since I was in the area that I was currently working in my outside sales job. I made a u-turn & found myself staring at the restaurant next to it "Lumberjacks Restaurant" but quickly changed my mind due to the fact that there wasn't a single car in front of that place, how ever I've always been a fan of Long John Silvers. But this place was a fast food "Shangri La"! The decor was done in a 1950's style with huge booths & a Juke box too! But the best part was the management! They are incredibly nice & helpful, and the music that was playing on the regular was all classic 70's-80's-90's R&B/Funk! Not to mention that they have burgers-to-fish planks! I give this place nothing but a huge thumbs up! I would totally comfy here anytime that I'm in the area!!
1	Our first time here: They are out of Napkins, Drink Lids, and of all things - ROOT BEER. The tables are filthy, and though the staff has been pleasant, it does not make up for the pathetic management! This place needs serious help.
