5	Surprise was definitely the prettiest stop along our Spring Training tour this year. Parking was free.  The ticket lines (despite having 9 functioning windows) were slow.  Luckily we got to the window to find out they had just opened up seats right behind home plate for only $22!   I was however, completely turned around by entering from the ticket windows to the outflield.  This stadium is still crisp and clean and have the most seats in the shade out of the three we visited.  We are definitely ready for the season to begin!
5	LOVED IT!I guess I am a sucker for a new stadium with stadium seating, a beautiful lawn area, lots of covering from the sun, a great area with booths set up for good local food vendors like a fair, and just an overall great feel. Our Spring training tour brought us here twice. Two nights in a row. It is a long haul from Phoenix and even longer on a day that we saw a game in Tuscon first. But, so well worth it. We had to go for the fireworks. Parking here can get a bit busy, the parking lot is rather small. There is several lots and dirt parking areas with people guiding you. At least you know where you are going. The food here is phenomenal. Its not just ball park food. Its tri tip, kettle corn, etc. We had a tri tip from one of the vendors. MAN was it good!!!!! I want to know why all ball parks don't do this? They charge a fee or percentage and then have outside folks setup. Way less cost...... Who am I to say. I know there are still people who want a ball park dog at the ballpark and their fake cheese nachos. To each their own.
3	Surprise is a great stadium if you live out in the far West Valley.  For the rest of us, it is a bit of a nightmare.  While the stadium is great, its location hurts it the most.  It is a must-see during a Cactus League trip but for locals, it is probably not worth the drive unless you're a fan of the teams that play there.Situated just south of Bell Road and just past one of the worst intersections in the Valley, Suprise Stadium stands out.  It sits in the middle of a relatively empty complex which is part of the problem.  There isn't anything to do around the stadium before or after the game making it hard to make this stadium a destination.  It is best to take Grand Ave to Thunderbird and then go north on Bullard.  Once you reach the stadium, parking is free, which is nice, but is sometimes confined to dirt lots.  The stadium is beautiful and reminiscent of the Rangers' big league in Arlington.  There are nice grass seats and newer wide seats behind home plate.  The seats down both lines are drenched in sun, however.  Shade can be found on the concourse under the press box but it is a narrow passage that gets crowded on hot days.  The upper level seats are quite nice and, like Peoria, offer shade and a wait staff.The food options at Surprise are somewhat limited.  There isn't much in the way of independent vendors which leaves you to the standard ballpark fare.Surprise is a beautiful park.  It stands out in architecture from every other park in the league.  It is like a Major League park that has been shrunken down.  While this is nice, it does not cater to the fans in the way that some other parks do.  It's a nice place, but I'm glad my team place elsewhere.
4	As far as spring training goes, this stadium was very much like the rest of the city of Surprise: new, clean and welcoming. I checked out the game yesterday between the "hometown" Texas Rangers and the Chicago White Sox, and it seemed like half of the town of Surprise was there. The grass area was well kept (some of the greenest grass I've seen in the Valley) and the facilities were in tip-top shape. The only complaint is the usual stadium bummers: high prices, big crowds and lack of efficient parking (although it was free, so that's a serious plus). A really nice place to check out a game.
4	I am an enormous baseball fan. I have been to all of the Spring Training facilities here in AZ and Surprise Stadium is one of the nicest of the bunch. I took in a game recently with my 8 year old and his buddy.Parking is free which is a nice gesture and the tickets are reasonably priced, but as I've thought about it more, I think this is why the price for concessions is so ridiculously high.  $5 for cotton candy during Spring Training? Seriously? The field itself is absolutely beautiful. The seating is well done and the grass area is also well manicured and well maintained. The volunteers they have acting as ushers could be a little more diligent though. There was a kid who thought he could stand in the aisle talking to his buddy for as long as the rest of us would let him and not once did the usher come and remind him to take his seat. Fortunately, the kid had his name on his baseball glove that he was clutching so when I called his name and told him to SIT DOWN, he sat...mostly because he was scared that this strange lady knew his name! His mother didn't like it much but I reminded her that if I wanted to watch a game with a kid standing right in front of me the whole time, I'd go watch at home on TV. That got a chuckle from my fellow seatmates...and the kid kept his butt in the chair the rest of the time. :) This is not the first time I've experienced less than diligent ushers at this stadium and for this and the very expensive concessions, Surprise Stadium only gets 4 stars.
5	We visited Surprise stadium on Sunday to watch the Angels play the Rangers.  What a stadium.  Very nice, very clean, very family friendly.  Great parking for free, great prices for great seats.  Definately a nice place to go.
5	I have heard Surprise Stadium described as one of the top spring training facilities in the country and I would have to agree with that. The grass field is gorgeous and always in great shape. The seats are great, whether you are behind home place or in the outfield. There are no bad seats in this stadium. The concessions are reasonably priced. The free parking is a nice bonus. You'll see lots of kids and families here. The drawback is that there are no bars or restaurants right beside the stadium like some of the other spring training facilities have.  But if you exit the stadium and go north to Bell Rd. you'll find a lot of places to eat and drink.The area around the stadium is slowly getting built up. Across the street is a nice Library and beyond that is a stocked lake and bbq area. There are basketball courts, a sand volleyball pit and even a fenced in dog park. The new tennis facility is outstanding. There are now two hotels - the new Marriott just opened or is about to open. Part of the problem is that the stadium is surrounded by so much land that it still looks a bit empty. Yes, it's a bit of a hike to get here for many people but it's worth the trip.
5	Came back again this year and, like always, loved it. This place is great. Its quite a ways outside of Phoenix. You either have to take 60 (which is forever UNDER CONSTRUCTION.... just like all of AZ) or you can go a little out of the way and take 303 around the back side. Either way, its a long ways out, but well worth it. PARKING IS FREE!!!! This is always a good thing and a good start to the day. We parked up close and got some great tickets that put us in the shade. The gates opened at 11am (main gate only) and 1130 (side gate). Sadly, 11am is when batting practice ended, but it may just have been because the team had played a night game the night before. Either way, we were just content to sit out on the grass and enjoy the gorgeous weather. We got good tickets at the box office and got a chance to enjoy the day with a little shade cover. The first day our legs have seen sun is not the day to spend 3+ hours in it directly (even with sunscreen). There are lots of great food options in the stadium and SG got to enjoy his first baseball lunch, a big bratwurst with onions and peppers on it. Perfect. The perfect start to our spring training trip. Great weather. A great ballpark. Excellent food options. Great volunteers and community involvement. Great giveaways, if you are lucky enough to be sitting in those sections. And when you are lucky enough to be in town for a night game with fireworks, DO IT.Tips: Turn off 60 on Greenway and go in the back way on to Bullard. Much less hectic! BYO food if you do not want to spend much in the ballpark. Make sure your water bottles are sealed or you bring your own EMPTY sports bottles to fill with water. Seat cushions are helpful on the hard plastic seats, but not a must.
5	Finally had a chance to watch a game here! Just moved to Surprise in July, and have been waiting for spring training. Very easy parking, and the seats are great! It does not matter where you sit. The diner have great food. I will be coming here a lot!
3	There's something about Surprise Stadium... something about the architecture, that absolutely screams the South.  I don't know what it is... maybe the materials used or design features... I'm not an architecture enthusiast, but coming to Surprise Stadium for the first time, that this place is the Spring Training home of the Texas Rangers made total sense.First, it appears the easiest way to get here from Sky Harbor is on 60, which is more of a major city street than a highway.  Give yourself time time for traffic lights.Free Parking.  Yes, it's been mentioned in reviews ad nauseum, and for good reason.  Because it's friggin FREE Parking and that's awesome!  However, I would just like to say that the parking attendants are terrible.  Look... there is a baseball game.  Why on earth would you direct people into the library parking lot only to tell them when they're in the lot that they need to get out and go to the back of the line of cars?  Sigh...Walking into the park, it's very nice.  The grassy outfield is a bit shallow, and the lack of lawn area is made worse by the builpens and the Home Run Party Deck eating into lawn space in right field.  I'll admit that Salt River Fields has completely spoiled my expectations, because the main concourse, which is perfectly average for a Spring Training ballpark, seems unbearably small.  The seats are on the snug and narrow side.  It would also be awesome if the eating areas (which are all outside the grandstand) had sunshades.  On a warm to hot day, people getting out of the sun will crowd the concourse under the grandstand.  Then all the people in line for food... it's gets ridiculously crowded under there.Food here is great.  There are all the ballpark standards, including my personal favorite - bratwursts.  There is also a BBQ joint on the far end of the third base line that serves some decent Q.  You get your pick of Texas Smoked and Kansas City sauce.  Cute.Surprise Stadium does have a beautiful field, the food is great, and is nice place to come watch a game.  But, some of the other Cactus League parks have set the bar high, and Surprise is just solidly midpack.
1	Whoever runs this stadium has no understanding of baseball tradition or how to serve people food.  The concession stands were unbelievably slow. It took 2 and a half innings during a slow moving game to get a hamburger and coke.  What makes it unforgivable is that all the concessions are broken up by food.  So all that this concession offered was hamburgers.  There was no guessing what the next customer would order and the lines were huge.  Hmm, I wonder what the people are waiting in line for?? In the 7th inning, the stadium committed the ultimate sin for a ballpark.  They replaced 'Take me out to the Ballgame' for seventh inning stretch with 'Cotton Eyed Joe'.  Are you freaking kidding me??? What a poorly run ballpark... Needless to say, 1 star.
4	After attending a few games at Salt River Field and Scottsdale Municipal I was very impressed with the Surprise Stadium. It had a very small, intimate spring training feel. The layout and style is very cool. There is shade if you sit in the lower box closer to the infield.Worth checking out if your team is playing out here... the downside is its FAR away from central Phoenix and Scottsdale. Also, the concessions areas are packed and not much room.
3	So much potential... That basically sums up the stadium experience.Obviously if you don't live in Surprise or if you aren't a Kansas City Royals or Texas Rangers Die hard, the trek out here is strike one.  Driving through Retirement City and hitting every light on Bell Road doesn't help.Like the park in Goodyear, this is a smaller park that I really think wants to have a great family & community appeal, but it doesn't.  The stadium has a unique southern-style architecture to it.  Some other Yelpers didn't care for it, but it made me think of older times, when baseball was truly king.  It looks & feels nostalgic.However, it has a HUGE concourse that surrounds it, but not a kid-friendly booth anywhere.  *NOTE - I don't have kids, but even I thought they were missing out on the opportunity.  What did they have instead?  Multiple police cars, a van with an aerial camera watching fans, booths & a table where people could hold guns (handguns, beanbag guns, etc.).  WTF!  Who are you attracting to the game - Future Surprise Militia members?  Talk about scaring away future beer sales...As with all the ballparks, I always check out the food to see if there is anything that is reminiscent of the teams from back home.  Sure enough, there is a Battle of the BBQ stand.  I think the idea was to pit KC style BBQ vs. Texas style, but that battle basically comes down to a squeeze bottle of Texas sauce or a squeeze bottle of KC style sauce.  The BBQ was average at best.  If this was a restaurant, I wouldn't go back.  Of course, right next to the BBQ spot was a HUGE open space where you could put real BBQ smokers and pits.   Just saying...Tickets are cheap & parking is free (it better be given gas prices).   The lawn is kind of fun, since you can basically sit in a great elevated position and closer to dead center field than anywhere.  It's a great seat to watch from.There are some decent beers to be ordered, but it would have been nice to have a Shiner Bock, since we were watching a Texas team.This spring training, I took on an aggressive goal.  Go to all 10 Spring Training Parks & see all 15 teams in one spring training season, and do it all on the weekends (FRI-SUN).  This review is a part of 10 total reviews.
4	Final Weekend of Spring Training Baseball....and I decided to make my final appearance of the spring in Surprise AZ to check out the digs here. Let me start by saying unless your a Texas Ranger or Kansas City royal fan....the trip from phoenix and points beyond Sun City....Sun City West...Deer Valley and of course Surprise itself....may not be worth the trip do to the mileage.....gas...and traffic. However if you have a few hours to spare on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon then this is a must see ballpark.Now I decided to pay a visit to this gem because this is an ongoing adventure of all the Cactus league parks here in Arizona. I have 3 more to cover next season that I didn't get to this year. However back to Surprise Stadium....once you navigate down bell road and all the lights you make a right hand turn onto Bullard drive and immediately you will see a Holiday Inn express and a Marriott Resort...both of which I find a little out of place. The reason I say that is because there is a library....community park....and rec center along with the ballpark all in walking distance of each other. This atmosphere doesn't exist at any other ballpark I have been to for spring training except maybe in Scottsdale....but what makes this good is the FREE Parking.However be warned when you make the right onto bullard off of bell road...you have to go to the end of the strip and turn around to come back for the parking because it is all on the opposite side of the street. There is a heavy police presence like I have not seen at other parks as well....and there is a perfect turning lane to drive directly into the free parking area...but they block it off....don't really understand that because there is not much traffic that comes from the other direction.Remember what I said though....FREE Parking....always a plus at a spring training facility. Now I have read that this is the best and most fan friendly stadium in the entire Cactus league here in Arizona....well that is true in some ways and false in others.Here is the truth factor:Again Free ParkingGreat Seats no matter where you sitGreat ticket prices....best seat in the house only costs 24 bucks!!Nice concourseFriendly staff....a lot of retirees and senior citizens....there everywhere.Heavy EMT and police on duty...so you feel comfortableFree Public Admission to the Sports Shop....only one I have seen at any ballpark....major & minor leagues included. Nice touch there.Will call....NO waiting..... they have a host of people to help you...not just one centrally located area.Now for the false factor:Lawn area is a bit smallParty Deck is small as wellNo Activities for the kids...which is a first at any spring training park I have visitedNot enough Vendors....and the one's they did have were crowded together.I was there for about 5 innings and the Beer man came by maybe twice...and hot dog guys....no soft drink or lemonade guys...no peanut guys...nothingThe Public Address System is dreadful....couldn't understand a wordFinally....with the Rangers being the defending American League champs.....i certainly couldn't tell because the fans showed them no love whatsoever. I mean this place lacked any real enthusiasm and I must say I was shocked by that.Now with all that being said it is still a great place to go and see a game....it's small...intimate....and a bit nostalgic which are all very important factors for spring training facilities. So until next year....Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!
5	This is probably my favorite spring training stadium besides Ho Ho Kam.I like the design the atmosphere and everything else about it.Free parking!! except we parked seriosly about 1/2 mile away. That was crazy.
5	Great place to take in a baseball game. The times that I came here there were no concession stands but knowing that ahead of time was perfect, so it provided ample opportunity to run to the store to buy stuff or go somewhere or plan to go somewhere after the game.
5	Let's see...what is there NOT to like about Surprise Stadium? Well, $9.50 tall cans of PBR is about all I could come up with and that's not a surprise (pun intended) considering you're attending a sporting event...even spring training. But as someone who does not living in Arizona, and as someone who doesn't go to MLB baseball games in Southern California due to the fact it costs so damn much, people bitching about the slow service or any other little inconvenience when it comes to seeing a game here. Look, you're lucky enough to have almost an entire month of low cost MLB baseball right in your back yard. If I could, I'd live down here during March just to take in the awesome baseball action that crisscrosses the Phoenix metro area each year. I attended my first spring training game on March 12th, 2012 at Surprise Stadium as the Royals took on the San Francisco Giants (my favorite team). Our seats (Sec. 112, Row J, Seats 13-14-15) were 25 bucks each (around 30 bucks including service fees). I mean, we were maybe 5 or 6 rows back from the Giants dugout (check out some of my pictures). The stadium (funny calling it that since it only holds just over 10,000 people) is big enough so you feel you're at an MLB game but small enough to feel pretty close and intimate with the players. The stadium is well maintained and kept super clean. Arriving to the park, I was surprised (pun unintended) to see that parking was free, an oddity when going to an event like this. The stadium staff, as mentioned by other reviews, are mainly made up of senior citizens who were super friendly and helpful. I didn't have to wait long at the concession stands, even if lines were a bit long. The outfield is lined with a lawn area, perfect for people to sit back and have a picnic while taking in a game (Tickets are around 9 bucks each after service fees!!!). I love this place and hope to return next year when visiting family. Oh, Giants won 2-1! Go Giants!!!
4	Another great spring training facility. This park is home to the Texas Rangers and Kansas City Royals. This is a newer park with decent bathrooms. The concessions and all of the staff are nice and competent. The lawn area is great and the bullpen access is good, even you are higher up than at some of the other parks. They sill still throw you some balls though.Parking is free of course and the park has that midwest small town feel to it. Don't be fooled by the maps though, this park is far off the freeway and way out there if you're coming from Phoenix.
4	Came to watch a game here yesterday.  After a rather long drive from Chandler, we arrived at the stadium.  The attendants were all very helpful getting cars into the parking lot.  I kept looking for the person who was collecting money for parking.  Guess what - parking is free.  Wow, what a surprise.  I like this place already.Second surprise, a very friendly grounds keeper called me over while I was getting my son out of the car.  He gave my son a baseball.  That was really nice and saved me because my son was upset the day before because "everyone" got a ball at the Cubs game and he didn't.  Thanks Mr. Groundskeeper.  I owe you big time.All the ushers, ticket takers, and other volunteers were really friendly.  Our seats behind home plate were great.  This is a really nice, clean, intimate field.  Concessions were not as varied as some of the other ball parks we visited on this trip, but they did have the typical baseball fare covered.Other than the drive and the lack of variety for food, this is a perfect stadium.  I will definitely come back here.
4	I am so lucky being a baseball fan to have this park right down the street from my house!  This maybe not the best Cactus League park, but it is still a gem in my opinion.  Plenty of FREE parking, reasonably priced seats, plenty of shaded areas for when you don't want sun stroke, nice archaically design, and a very convenient location are the qualities that rate this such a nice park.  I could see if you were from out of town where this would be a great ballpark too, with the hotels within walking distance, or a very short drive away.  The other thing they offer is a $35 Party Tent ticket.  You get a great covered seat, 1 free beer or drink, and all the food you can eat!  They have a different restaurant cater depending on the day of the week.  If you haven't been out to Surprise to catch a game, you are definitely missing out!
3	Getting here for Spring Training was hell in hand basket. It probably took us 25 minutes from the time we turned onto Bullard to finally get a parking space. The layout of the place is not conducive at all to efficient flow of traffic. Once we parked it was a hike to get to the stadium itself so note to self for Spring Training next year:"Leave two hours before the game starts"Once we got to the stadium it was nice enough. We had seats by third base which weren't bad but this place is a little bigger than the other places I hit so I wasn't impressed by the seats. They have good food options at the concession stand and they have batting cages and a merry-go-round for kids which was good for me because an obnoxious brat was sitting behind me kicking my seat and being loud. I can only assume that his parents, after finally realizing that their kid was pissing me off, took him to the merry go round....otherwise I would have used him for batting practice.  The entire complex itself is nice:they have a park and a pool and of course the stadium itself. I imagine it a nice place to come for a family outing....just not during Spring Training.
4	Love Spring Training time! Came here for a Friday afternoon game. We got there about 45 minutes after the game started and got pretty good seats almost behind home plate. Parking super easy and free. Easy to get in and out. It's not as big as Camelback Ranch but nothing is. I thought this stadium was great! Concessions are easy and basic foods. Our section won an order of french fries from Mickey D's (but only for locations in Surprise so we left it on someone's car). Only downside was the stadium gift shop...very weak. Hardly anything and considering it has the Rangers AND the Royals I thought they would have way more selection of t-shirts and sweatshirts. But no biggie. Great place for a family outing!
4	I've attended 2 games here this season, one game far out along the 3rd baseline and  the other fairly close to home plate.  When I was near the outfield, the acoustics were terrible.  I could barely make out anything announced over the loudspeaker.  A minor annoyance, but an annoyance nonetheless.  A major plus for this place is the free parking!  Also when we got our seats along the 1st baseline close to home we were shaded the entire game (another plus).  Unless you are a far west sider this place is a ways out there.  And being in Surprise you are going to see more than your fair share of older folks.  I don't see myself going out of my way to attend a game out this way again unless out of town visitor insists, there are just too many superior options closer to home.
4	this was my first time there and it was really nice! I was there for the Angels vs. Rangers game on March 24th. The Ushers were real nice and helpful. Oh and parking was free!
4	Great park that is very fan friendly.  Beers weren't really that bad...$9 for a 22 or 24 oz Sierra Nevada.  Great hot dogs too!
5	I really enjoyed seeing two Royals games at Surprise Stadium this spring. Uncle Jimmy's cheesesteaks in the left field concourse area were really good as we the ice cream from the booth next door. I liked the ice cream place's frozen lemonade as well. My wife had a BBQ chicken sandwich from the "Battle of the BBQ" stand and was a little disappointed. Evidently Surprise isn't going to win any BBQ battles with KC or even Texas for that matter.We had great seats, although they were very narrow. If you want to ensure your seats are in the shade, choose seats between first base and home plate or seats in the second level.Gates to the Royals practice fields open at 10:00, and players, especially minor leaguers, were very accommodating to kids seeking autographs or moms with cameras taking pictures.Special thanks to the Surprise firefighters who taped up my hand after I sliced it open trying to grab a batting practice ball. Thanks for not making fun of me too much and for the Jr Firefighter sticker.
4	If your boyfriend is a baseball player and is in Spring training.... Watch out for the heat...as it gets SOOO HOOOOOT and SOOOO DRY...... i literally had to stand with my legs apart and my hands on my waist to air what needs to be aired.Yup. Support thy boyfriend..... I can't wait to come back here this May for Minor League Spring training! I probably will be wearing a bikini and a see through dress. But really..I've never seen fields so well managed here... I've only been to where the Royals practice....and It's quite amazing! This May, i'd definitely see games at the Texas side.
4	Great stadium, great workers there, nice field.... Love all that of it, hate parking and leaving the stadium....Dirt parking and small streets to get in and out of the area.  Be prepared for this part of it as well.
3	Sooo... the stadium itself is fabulous.  Very clean, very nice, very new looking... quite massive.  And impressive look compared to the A's spring training stadium.  Yup.  Lots of seats under the shade, grassy area for the outer field seating, smaller upper deck that's also covered for shady pleasure.HOWEVER, for such a looker of a stadium, the food here sucks!  I was so disappointed.  Everyone goes to baseball games for the FOOD. On the menu for me:1.  I started off with a pulled pork/pulled chicken (I can't remember) bbq sandwich.  Just a bun with some bbq pulled meat in it.  It was.... okay...2.  I think next I got some french fries at the Double Play Diner near the carousel.  Man, what a rip off.  How do you screw up french fries?? My goodness.  And at this double play diner stand, it was so confusing to me.  You order/pick up the food that's already just kind of laying out there on the counter/back from this dude who hands you the food then you sort of wrap yourself back to two ladies who are cashiering.  I was confused, like I said, and one of the ladies at the check-out was something along the lines of, "Can I help you???".... ugh.... Yeah you can, you can get some better french fries...3.  So after terrible fries, I got a hot dog.  Just a regular dog.  So disappointed after going to a few condiment stands that there was no available ketchup or relish.  Just mustard at one of them.  I didn't feel like walking around to the other side of the park to find it, so I just let it be.  Mustard's good anyway...4.  Topped it off with some ice cream.  Strawberry scooped in a waffle cone.  Not bad.  The worker was friendly, asking where I was from yaddadaa.  Cool.I also don't really recall anyone walking around to sell food with the exception of one or two senior citizens who walk around selling beer to everyone.  They are seriously too old to be doing that.  I understand that the park is primarily run by volunteers who happen to be on the older side of the spectrum, but they couldn't assign it to someone younger??  My goodness.  And beer!!!??  SO HEAVY.  It looked like a hazard.  Sure, maybe he wanted to sell it, but still... c'mon...So basically, the food needs to get better.
5	Such a beautiful facility.  I love coming here and look forward to coming every year from here on.  Friendly staff and not a bad seat in the house with plenty of opportunities to meet the players.
4	Came here this past spring training to watch the A's play the Royals.Surprise Stadium is a beautiful venue.  I also appreciated how the stadium was very clean and well maintained.We arrived at the ballpark probably about two hours before the game was scheduled to start, so parking was easy since we were some of the first fans there.  Parking was free and volunteers directed us on where to park.  We were staying in a hotel in Chandler, so the drive from the hotel to the ballpark was about an hour or so.We had field level seats in Section 106 which were in the shade.  There's a second deck that's almost entirely in the shade, but there are also plenty of field level seats (the ones closer to home plate) available that are out of the sun if that's what you are looking for.Although the stadium is nice, the food could really use some major improvement.  The food options are plentiful enough, but the quality of the food is really below par.  During the game, I had a toasted turkey sandwich, fries, a soft pretzel, and a frozen iced tea.  The turkey sandwich wasn't very good, pretty much packaged turkey meat, shredded lettuce, and ranch dressing in between toasted bread.  I've had frozen packaged fries that were better than the fries served here.  The pretzel was decent and the frozen iced tea was good.The volunteers that work at the stadium were really nice and I got to talk to a couple of them who told me where they were from and why they now live in AZ.Overall, this stadium provides a great atmosphere for taking in a spring training game.
5	Great stadium! One of the nicest Spring Training complexes in AZ!
4	I love Spring Training and this is one of my favorite ballparks.  It reminds me of the Kentucky Derby.  The park is relatively small and there's not a bad seat in the house.  Players are accessible and you can see/hear everything on the field.  The concession stands are pretty good.Return Factor - 90%
5	One of the newer, nicest and roomier Spring Training ballparks around Arizona.  As a personal observation, this stadium totally reminds me of a miniature Nationals Park in Washington D.C.  The best part about this park is that you can truly do a 360  walk around the stadium, and still watch the game without any obstructions to your view!  Their parking is massive & free, and there are plenty of seats in the shade if you prefer to avoid the sun; although my favorite place to sit is in their lawn section, which is cheaper than most Spring Training ballparks.  When you're in Arizona during preseason baseball..; be sure to visit the city of Surprise and visit Surprise Stadium, as you'll be "surprised" at how much you'll enjoy this miniature MLB ballpark!
4	Very expensive beer prices is the takeaway from this stadium. At $6.25 you get about a 14oz cup maybe of only Michelob or Mic Ultra. From there, the prices are almost comical. It is $9.50 for a tall bud light can (Retail $1.79) and between $8 and $10 for other varieties. You can buy a lawn ticket for $9.95, so they are trying to get their money back on beer it seems.     Place wasn't full at all and it was a crowd mostly of seniors, but since it was Sunday, other folks were sprinkled in the mix. Parking is free and easy and they have buckets of peanuts and popcorn at the concession stand that you can just grab for free. We loaded our pockets with some peanuts, although at $4, they were probably the best deal around. Texas and Seattle were playing and both teams had alot of fans milling about. If you enjoy heckling, a spring training game is a great place to get your point across.
4	Fun and beautiful ballpark for some spring training actionHave caught two games and  am really impressed with Surprise Stadium.  The City of Surprise has done a superb job of creating a family-friendly area-- the stadium, library, park, City Hall campus, and residential areas show Surprise is a wonderful community.Parking at the stadium is a breeze and traffic isn't bad.  Getting into the ballpark and to your seats is a breeze, except for the occasional delays at Will Call.  The staff/volunteers struggled both time with visitors in front of me.  Prices are reasonable, especially if you compare to the big stadiums.Gem or a park and am a fan...
4	This is a great ballparkEasy access from Surprise and surrounding areas.The parking is great and we've never had to wait in line to get in or out. They do a great job directing traffic.Typical stadium seats so bring your cushions!On the 3rd base side, from 3rd base up, you'll be in the sun until about the 3rd or 4th inning, then you'll have the shadow of the roof. The 1st base side stays in the shade almost the entire game. Home plate seats (except the first two rows) are always in the shade. 1st and 3rd baseline out, you'll be basking in the glorious sunshine the entire game. The lawn seating is great. Slightly sloped so don't bring your silky blankie or you'll end up at the fence.Good variety of ballpark food (you can not bring in your own) and quite a good selection...pricey tho. The best deal in the park is the $10 box lunch-hotdog, small drink, popcorn, peanuts and a cookie.A cold beer will run you about $7 There is a really cool play area for the kids inside the stadium with a merry-go-round and on the day we were there they had a bounce house.Lots of souvenir shops and plenty of close-by restrooms
4	Texas Rangers & Kansas City Royals stadium! Free tickets, Free drinks GREAT company! What can I say...? I am not going to complain. Play Ball Boys...
4	Was here for a spring training game. Had awesome seats. Nice stadium. Cant wait to come back.
2	I was here for the Arizona Fall League All Star Game this past weekend. I was amazed at all of the people that showed up. So they had a nearly full stadium and plenty of parking on the grass for the late arriving fans. Tickets were $7 ($6 for Seniors). I heard that they gave out some free tickets too; but I wasn't so lucky.About the third inning my wife decided to get some food. By the sixth inning I was just about to put out an APB for her whereabouts. Other fans returning to their seats where bitching that they ran out of hot dogs and that the lines were crazy long. My wife finally returned and echoed everyone's rants on the long lines and the food shortage. I know, First World Problems.She snagged me a BBQ sandwich which had to be the scraggliest sandwich that I have ever laid eyes on. You can judge for yourself with the attached picture. I could not hear the public address announcer. So that's my major gripe. I'm trying to watch these prospects and have no idea who is batting. They need to upgrade their sound system. The scoreboard didn't have much useful information either. Like a picture and/or name of the player batting.I can safely say that my return factor to this stadium is zero.
2	I'm glad we visited Surprise before we went out to Camelback, otherwise my review would've been even more scathing. Having never been to a spring training complex before, I didn't really have too many expectations. I figured somewhere along the lines of Single-A ball quality ballparks, with a few extra frills along the way. Once we arrived, that's exactly what we got -- a Single-A level ballpark.What was surprising (see what I did there) was a lack of better food options. I've never been to the Ballpark in Arlington or Kauffman Stadium, but I would have to believe they have better food there. I just figured they'd bring whatever was at their own home parks to the spring training complex. Didn't appear that was the case.A nice plus -- free municipal WiFI in the grandstand. Given that Verizon is pretty much unusable anywhere there's a large group of people, free WiFi was awesome. Also appreciated the free parking. Just wish I would've arrived early enough to watch Zack Greinke throw a simulated game to Matt Kemp. Oh well!
2	The food has gone down hill and the prices have gone up.  I like the park but eat before you go.
4	Surprisingly nice. Get it? Surprise! Oh, I slay myself...We went to a Rangers-Giants game in March. I have to admit, I was not expecting a lot after driving forever down "Grand" Avenue, a run-down stretch of strip clubs and shuttered businesses. Combined with 15,000 people arriving at once and stop lights letting 5 cars in at a time, I was a grumpy camper leading in to it. Surprise is probably the farthest drive for all the stadiumsNo charge for parking. Nice! Not expected and a welcome surprise (no pun intended this time). Also, free soda for being a designated driver. Sure, why not?The stadium was nice. You walk in by the outfield, where you see the nice grassy berm and cool looking stadium. I heard this stadium is 10 years old, but it looked new. I liked the carousel in the stadium, it's a nice touch to have something a little different. It was a small carousel, but was also free. Not a bad seat in the house, either.Demerits for the cheesesteak tent. Probably one poor lady trying to take all orders and cash, and one overworked guy on the grills. 5 other people literally standing around (one dude was dancing to the song 'Happy' while 10 of us waited for food). The Philly chicken was downright wrong. I don't think the grills have been cleaned in a week, my chicken was black. Not from being burnt, but all the nasty crap on the grill. I later went to get Nachos, which consisted of chips and a pre-filled cup of cheese and salsa.I likely won't be back, as I'd rather visit some more parks, but it was a pretty nice stadium, we had fun.
4	Nice complex, not a bad seat anywhere you sit! Ushers were volunteers and very nice and helpful.Only down was the expensive beer and munchies :-/ That being said I'd still visit again.
4	One the prettier stadiums in Spring Training. Home of the Rangers/Royals. Parking is free but if you drive an RV. They make you park way out in the boonies. So bring your walking shoes.Prices are high for food and drink. But we found a way to battle the high prices by buying a tent badge for $22 a person. After you already purchased a grass area ticket and are inside. The tent is located behind the right field wall. You can't miss it. It's a huge white tent.Once inside, you are in the shade with a nice breeze. On this day it was the hottest day of the week. So being in the shade made watching the game comfortable. They have round tables surrounded by chairs and counter seating facing the field to watch the game.Besides the shaded seating and a great view of the game. They feed you and give you a cocktail or soda included with your tent badge. At this game, it was catered by a local Mexican restaurant. Beans, rice, tortilla chips, beef taquitos, chicken enchiladas and carne asada tacos with all the toppings (salsa, guacamole, shredded cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, cilantro) and they also had for dessert- apple pie taquitos and chocolate taquitos. A very nice spread indeed.So while guys are buying $1.49 PBR tallboys for $9.50 at the ballpark. You are eating and drinking for $22. Remember though, only one drink with your badge. After that. You are paying for drinks like everyone else at the park but you do have your own tent bartender. So there is no line to get a drink.The tent staff is nice. The price is right. The food is good and filling. Great view of the game behind right field. If I come to a game again in this stadium. I am doing this again. Oh yeah. The Pads beat the Rangers 11-6. Go Padres!!
5	I love the game of baseball, so spring training is like Christmas for me. I grew up in Arizona so I have been to just about every spring training venue in the state. Surprise Stadium is definitely one of the nicest and well maintained. The thing about this stadium is that it faces a northeast direction, which is key when it comes to shade. Shade is important in Arizona even in spring time, and this stadium provides it.There is also a large grass area in the outfield making it kid friendly. If your a parent like me you know how hard it is to keep a little one confined to a seat for three hours, so here is a tip...save some cash and sanity and just get lawn tickets and let your kid run around and be a kid. There is also a number of other activities for kid to do in the park, but they vary season to season so I can't tell you what they will be.If you aren't a parent and you're looking for a more adult atmosphere try the Cubs or Giants facilities. Prices for the games are on par with the other spring training stadiums in the valley of the sun, so no issues with that. Although, lawn seats are lower in price and not all stadiums offer that option. The food and beer are what is expected from a spring training facility, so nothing fancy.Staff members are friendly and willing to help you with any questions that you might have. To sum everything up this place is great and kid friendly. Surprise Stadium is a possibly the best place to catch a spring training game in the west valley.Also, parking is free along with the wifi!
4	Came here for the July 4th 2014 fireworks and I have to say this place is huge.  I didn't actually go into the stadium but the parking lot was large and there were plentiful grassy areas to sit with friends and family for the fireworks.  There was even a small lake that allowed fishing with a valid permit.  Even at night, it was well lit!
