4	This was my first time at the Carnegie Music Hall of Homestead. I had heard a lot of good things about it, but never saw a show that perked my interested enough to go. UNTIL Sara Bareilles announced she was coming to Pittsburgh. My friend and I bought the tickets the moment they went on sale. We planned to meet for dinner at the Waterfront before heading over to the show, and there's a ton of options to pick from. We decided on Bravo (see review) which was really good. We thought we'd be too early, so we shopped around a bit, but we should have gotten there early if we would have known the parking situation ahead of time. There is no parking lot, only street parking around the venue itself, and all of the houses that surround it. We had to park 3 blocks away and neither of us were familiar with the area. This is the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars. Walking up to the building, it has this grand staircase that welcomes you and it's very old-world looking. Kind of like where you would imagine men would wear tuxes and women would wear gowns to go see a show. The theatre inside has this huge red velvet curtain on either side and at the top. It had these old wooden seats, and this beautiful balcony. The thing I was most impressed with were the acoustics. The sound in there was amazing, and for a small venue that can be challenging. They set up a "bar" on concert nights in the library area, and where you would check out a book is now where you get a drink. People were standing around all of the books. sitting in the reading chairs with their wine. It was a really cool set-up and atmosphere to add to the experience.I would definitely go back here again for another show, and I would DEFINITELY get there earlier than we did for a better parking spot! I give this venue 2-thumbs up!
4	This is one of the most beautiful buildings I have ever been in, let alone as a music venue.  Great acoustics and ambiance.  Only complaint: if you are sitting in certain seats (back rows in the lower level), the upper level of seating seems a bit low and claustrophobic and impedes the view a bit.
4	When I first heard that John Hiatt would be playing at the Carnegie Library in Munhall, I thought "You've gotta be kidding me.  Why is one of the most gifted songwriters in all of pop/rockdom playing at a fricking library?"  See that's how WYEP billed it.  Like Darren W. states, this place is a well-kept secret.  I'd never been to the Carnegie Library of Homestead (which is actually in Munhall).  So what I didn't know was that it's a beautiful 1,000 seat auditorium.  Everything about this library including the music hall harkens back to the Gilded Age.  Built in 1898, the music hall mainly  hosted local community shows, church productions, and graduations.  . But seeking to draw more visitors from outside the neighborhood -- and help the independent library's bottom line -- library officials decided to start booking major concerts at the music hall.  It was renovated in 1998 and since then has hosted such acts as Hiatt, Patti Smith, Bare Naked Ladies, Toad the Wet Sprocket, etc.  Lindsey Buckingham, Drive By Truckers, and Jon Anderson (formerly of Yes) are all slated to play here later this year.The building itself seems to be of a Baroque design, common to public buildings of that era.  I'm no architectural expert, so correct me if I'm wrong.  The performance space is quite amazing.  When entering, I was taken by the huge curtain acress the stage and the illuminated proscenium arch overhead.  There are a few drawbacks though.  First of all, parking around here is v-e-r-y limited.  They have no lot, so you have to park on the street.  Second of all, refreshments here are very limited too.  They set up a temporary bar for each show.  Third of all, the seats are all wooden so they get a little uncomfortable after awhile.As for John Hiatt, I think the Trib Live described him best, stating that while you might not know his face nor even heard of him, you've probably heard his songs.   Bonnie Raitt had a  hit with , "Thing Called Love" (though she really altered it). "Riding with the King," was a hit for  B.B. King (appropriately, though "the king" is a reference to Elvis Presely) and Eric Clapton as a duet.  Others including Kenny Rogers, Jewel, Delbert McClinton, Joe Cocker, Mandy Moore, and Linda Ronstadt have had hits with Hiatt's songs.  Even Jon Bon Jovi did a version of   "Have a Little Faith."Hiatt's songs are well known for their wry wit.  One of my favorite verses in all musicdom is from "Slow Turning":  "And I'm yelling at the kids in the back/'Cos they're banging like-a Charlie Watts".  Hiatt likes to name drop in some of his songs.  "Shredding the Document" mentions both Larry King and Oprah Winfrey.  Anyway, Hiatt tours extensively and he seems to be an old pro at performing live and that's a good thing.You know an artist is still a vaiable songwriter and performer when you stick around for his new material.  He did some  songs from his new CD "Dirty Jeans and Mudslide Hymns" which were just as good as anything else he's recorded.  And of course he went through a lot of his classic songs like the aforementioned "Slow Turning" plus "Memphis in the Meantime", "Thing Called Love", and "Cry Love" among others.  Opening act was Big Head Todd & The Monsters, probably best known for "Please Don't Tell Her".  Todd & Co. delivered a rollicking good set too.  I'm at the point now where I'd rather see a show at a venue like this than fork over megabucks for a concert at some McCorporate-Name-of-the-Month shed.  I'm glad there are still great alternatives to shows sponsored by Live Nation.  Come check out a show here at the Library some time!
5	The Carnegie Library Music Hall is my favorite music venue.  If you prefer to be sitting down while watching bands, then this is your venue.  If you're still stuck in the days of mosh pits and being crushed against sweaty peeps, then look elsewhere.The hall is gorgeous.  It's been restored to historic detail and has the best acoustics in the city.  When I saw Hanson play here most recently (and if you haven't listened to them post-90's, don't roll your eyes), they ditched their instruments and microphones for a song to sing totally acoustically.  You could hear every note clearly and loudly--it was impressive.  They, like most of the other bands I've seen there, mentioned that this is one of the top venues in the country.My favorite seats are front row balcony near the stage--the view is unobstructed and even if everyone else gets to their feet, I can choose between sitting and standing.  After standing at work all day, I like the option.  If I had one complaint, it's that the hall recently changed the rules to allow people to stand/dance on the balcony during shows.  Even though it doesn't block my view, it seems dangerous considering how cramped the space is.Last time I checked, you can only buy tickets directly from the hall's website, which means that the processing fees are small and you get the bonus of being able to click on the seating chart to pick your seats.  There is the option of printing, will-calling, or mailing tickets.
4	I'm a huge fan of older, smaller music venues, and this place fits the bill. The music hall is located within the larger library building itself, both which ooze 19th century charm. The acoustics and view were great from my seat in the balcony, and the intimate space allows the musicians on stage to really interact with the audience. I witnessed every facial expression and humorous gesture they made. This was the perfect venue for Bela Fleck and the Flecktones, playing to a  mostly middle aged/boomer crowd. They set up a bar in the library on concert nights so you can enjoy a nice bev, although you can only take Gatorade or water into the hall itself. I gave it 4 stars and not 5 only because of the hard, small seats. Next time I'll bring a chair cushion, as uncool as that may make me!
5	I grew up in Munhall but had been away for many years.  A friend told me that they were having concerts at the Carnegie Library.  I was surprised.  Although I was very familiar with the library, (I learned to swim in the pool), I didn't even know they had a music hall as they rarely used it when I was young.  The same friend recently told me that "YES" and " Procol Harum" were performing at the library.  Again surprised!  I had seen YES some 35 years ago at the Civic Arena before 17,000 or so.  If you would have told me then they would someday play  the Carnegie Library, I would never have believed it.  Went to the show and loved it.  We sat in the last row of the floor center, and the seats were fantastic.  The stage was at eye level and probably 35-40 feet from us.  The sound was the best I've heard in a long time.  The hall is gorgeous.  The seats are the original seats, wooden, but surprisingly felt comfortable. The overall ambience is  laidback and welcoming.  You can buy a snack and sit a a small table in the library and chat.  The ticket takers and ushers are all volunteers and are very friendly.  Overall a great experience and I have bought tickets to take my wife to another show there.
3	My boyfriend had the worse seat in the house, to this day we still laugh about just how terrible his seat was, it was the last row in the theater right against the back wall and there was a huge black pole obstructing his view of the stage.The theater has those hard wooden seats , school auditorium style.  I think this place could use a face lift.
2	I don't like this place as much as Darren does. They gouge you for snacks ($3 for a bag of chips!), the staff can be really uptight and unfair (some usher told Darren to sit down even though we were in the balcony and he wasn't blocking anyone's view, for a metal concert no less!), and they need a/c bad. Anyway, we saw Yngwie Malmsteen here, and he rocked, even if the sound could have been better. The seats were not comfortable and hard. Darren's seat was unstable (and they wouldn't let him stand???). I also saw the Cult here with Darren a couple years back.
2	I want to like this place. The hall is gorgeous and I want to give them the benefit of the doubt but the sound for the show I went to was awful. I'm not sure if it was the acoustics of the building or the fault of the sound guy but it was pretty terrible. They do get in some great acts, the price of tickets wasn't absurd, and - regardless of where you're seated - you're pretty close to the stage/have a good view at least when the crowd is seated). I may give this venue another try if the tickets are cheap but I'm hesitant to fork out $$ for another show where the music is simultaneously painfully loud and you can't really hear anything. I had seen the same band at two other venues and the experience was much better.
