1	Just moved out after 8 months. Broke the lease which cost $2000 which was fine. The kick was, a couple weeks later they tried to charge over $4000. They had us pay for carpets and pay all the discounts back and then some. Living with loud kids always stomping around above us and having to park on the other side of the complex was enough to leave and invest in my own home. Settled payment with under $3500 but really? That was way more than the $2500 we expected to pay. Note: Sure Deposit is a joke. It doesn't cover anything but they are sure to take your deposit. Plus pet rent is just wasted money because they will still charge for carpets when you leave. Staff was friendly, but I don't extend that comment to corporate Mark-Taylor. I don't recommend this apartment.
4	I absolutely loved this place I felt so comfortable here ! I just recently moved here from Chicago It was so quite and peacful I especially miss going to pool .I really wish I was still living there but we had to move do to certain issues but they had nothing to do with the apartment. The only downfall about these apartments were some of the residents some of them were just rude and would turn  their nose up when me and boyfriend would walk pass but other han that I would recommend this place to anyone!
5	I've had nothing but pleasant experiences with this place. I didn't actually move in but I would definitely strongly recommend this place to anyone looking at this 101 loop north/east area. Ciera, the community manager and her entire staff here are absolutely a pleasure to deal with. They are very accommodating, and thorough. As mentioned, even though I didn't actually move-in I couldn't say enough great things. The center courtyard area is beautiful, they just installed lighting on the water features / waterfalls and trees and it's like a hidden little paradise.
5	This place is awesome! The management at the front office are all really nice people. The greenery and scenery all over this apartment complex is so nice. There are little waterfalls and a little stream, lots of big old trees and the pool area is really pretty. Also the floorplans inside of these apartments are really nice, some of the best we've seen around here and we looked at probably 10 other places in our search to find an apartment. This place is also located right next to a park and a dog park, so just walking around here and taking the pups for a walk is really serene.
