2	ok the food wasn't have bad but the teenage staff were texting in the front and not payingmuch attention we had to wait a while for the bread we requested and they were a little careless dropping our first set of bread on the floor if you can ignore that though the food is not half bad  for the middle of town but it was worth it. I just wouldn't take a date there or anyone for a meeting just incase the girl in the front is too busy texting and forgets your order. make sure you not in a hurry or super hungry.
1	CRAP, CRAP, CRAP....This place is crap.The food is sub par, the staff is incompitant,  and their booths blow donkeys for quarters.  First off being a dego I pronounce c's like g's when it comes to certain italian ingrediants, so when the pecker head, 4 eyed, pre pubecent manager continously trys to correct my pronunciation of the word riccota I just want to snatch that little bastard up and give him a swirly from hell.  Your level 53 troll shamen can't save you now punk.  The only pizza he should be tending to is the one on his face, here's some proactive now go back to band camp you tool.  Oh yeah and their cheap ass booths are the worst thing ever. You sit down and you can feel the person behind yous every move. God aweful.
2	$5.99 per person lunch buffet, 4kinds of thin crust pizza, 2 kinds of pasta, pasta salad & regular salad, is good for kids drinks $1.89 with free refills; all filling but standard
3	This past weekend we ordered delivery from this particular Rosati's location. We have had Rosati's before, but not from this location. This review then is about the delivery and quality of the food. We ordered a large deep dish cheese pizza. The price was a bit high - about $20 (including delivery), but I've read a lot about their deep dish, so we had to get that. They said it would take 45 minutes to get the pizza. It took about 35 which was great. I can't say there have been many times when I've gotten a pizza delivered early! The pizza was massive, and just one and a half pieces each satisfied 4 adults (plus some side items). The crust was thick on the bottom and crunchy and a bit buttery on the side. The cheese was perfect, and the amount of sauce was really good. Overall, the pizza was one of the better deep dish pizza's I've had in Vegas, and I dig the crust much more than the stuffed pizza at Metro's (my other favorite "deep dish"). Definitely will be trying Rosati's again...
4	I live up the street from Rosati's and have found their food to be consistently good. We are from NY and have high standards for pizza. Rosati's Chicago deep dish and double dough crust are awesome choices. Love their Hawaiian-style pizza! One slice of their thick-crust is enough for a meal. I highly recommend Rosati's.
5	Good pizza!
4	Very fast delivery, great deep dish pizza
2	Went here tonight for dinner. We have come here often because it is convenient, however, it seems as if the quality has diminished.  We think they switched the type of mozzerella that they use, maybe we are wrong, but the flavor of the cheese isn't as good. Also, we ordered a pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms. The mushrooms were canned. I appreciated that they put extra sauce on the pizza as I asked, however, we ordered Rosati's crust (a thicker crust although not Chicago style) they gave us thin crust. Which we took in stride because it is healthier, if there is such a thing with pizza, but not what we ordered. Also, took the server a long time to bring our initial drinks. Although, she was pleasant and did check on us several times. We would have appreciated clean plates between salad and pizza, however, she didn't offer to bring us out any clean plates so that was a negative.  So ultimately I would only return here since it is convenient however, if I have time or motivation I would gladly drive farther for a higher quality product.I must say that ultimately I teetered between giving this restaurant a 2 or a 3 star but between the diminished quality and somewhat lacking service I opted for the two. If it was just the pizza I might place it at a three.
5	Awesome pan pizza! Fast, hot delivery. A bit pricey but worth it. Never ate in restaurant so I can't speak to the service in-house.
4	I think there pizza's are delicious.  We have ordered a couple and have always picked up for home.   They are big, filling, and delicious.  Ordered the double crust pizzas and they were great
5	Fantastic pizza great service super staff
4	I enjoyer both their Chicago style and their thin... Sauce is just the right spices.. Good stuff
5	Delicious food and prepared when ordered. A bit too much bread on the crust but maybe that's their style. Overall, it's yummy!
1	Expensive and poor customer service.  Food was terrible.
4	To say this location is just like any other Rosati's Pizza location is kind of like comparing a convience store to a Super Wal-Mart.  Yeah...you can get good pizza at most Rosati's, but it's carry out and NO BEER! Rosati's itself is pretty good pizza considering it's a chain, but this location takes it's a step furhter and addes not only a family dining area, but a full non-smoking bar too!The service has always been great and the pizza is actually better somehow...maybe it's the beer, but it tastes better. It could be you can enjoy it while it's still piping hot right out of the oven...with a cold beer of course.  I highly recommend the MONSTER Chicago Style myself.  It's huge, but a bit costly.   You will also have to wait about 15 minutes longer because of how thick and heavy this pizza is, but in my opinion it's another oppurnity to have a beer and it's well worth the wait!  The only reason I haven't given this location all 5 stars was honestly due to management there.  They kepe the place clean and fully stocked, but they always seem a little harsh with their own staff.  The last time I was in there the bartender was taking care of the full bar, taking orders and doing a good job at the same time.  The manager came in to help, but was only really getting in her way and slowing her down.  She did get the wrong beer at one point, but caught herself before she served it, but she was repremanded and scolded in front of all the bar customers. I'll come back for the food, service and of course beer...but I hope management realizes sometimes helping out can be more of a problem than a soultion and give their staff a little breathing room.
5	The best in town!
2	No. Just no. Food is just bad and expensive. This place is safe from me from now on. Italian? Yeah right... The only good thing was the beer.
5	I've had a big challenge finding pizza in Vegas worth coming back to, until I came to Rosati's.  The style is Chicago deep dish and they do a pretty good job of replicating it.  My friend and I split a large for about $18 and we had plenty of left overs for the next day.The cool thing here is the dining area having self-service drinks so you never go thirsty.  As with any normal Chicago style place, the pizza takes a long time to cook, but it is well worth the wait.  A normal person will be full after one or two slices, but it was so good I had about 4 or 5... Whoops!
4	This is a great place that falls somewhere between a take-out pizza joint and a candles and wine kind of place.  My wife and I are regulars, often dining on the patio in the evening.  The beer is cold, the service is good, and the food is tasty.  A good neighborhood pizza joint that won't break the bank. They recently added a full bar and gaming, but I have not patronized that part of the business.
5	I lived in Las Vegas for forty four years before relocating to Salt Lake City and I really enjoy Salt Lake but man do I miss all of my favorite hangouts in Las Vegas.Having said that, I had the opportunity to visit my daughter in Vegas last weekend and my son-in-law bought me Rosati's Pizza and I am not exaggerating when I say that I have not enjoyed a slice ..................... OK, OK, I ate the whole pizza and I am not exaggerating when I say that was the best pizza that I have ever eaten ........... ever!!!While I was still a Las Vegas resident Rosati's Pizza was my go to place for Pizza, since moving to Salt Lake I have found a couple of places that I enjoy but none of them measure up to Rosati's.At Rosati's you will enjoy the salads, the wings are above average, and the pizza is heaven scent ................................ nay, life changing!!I am sitting here looking at a calendar wondering when I can get back to Vegas so I can get another pizza.Do yourself a favor and give the crispy thin crust a try, it is pizza perfection, I am not sure what it is but they put some seasoning or spices or something awesome on the pizza that gives it the best taste in the world.Until next time fellow Yelpers .............................. Be Local, Live Local, and whenever you can Buy Local!!!!
4	Great food and atmosphere.  The staff is always friendly.  The pizza and sandwiches are definitely top notch.
4	Delish!
5	Incredible pizza, best I've ever had!
2	Called in an order for delivery to my home, 2 miles from the shop.  Medium, 3-ingedient pizza and a small greek salad...$33 and change!  Add to that the five bucks I would give the delivery guy and I'm into it for just shy of $40.  Their pizza is o.k., but not even close to the quality that would command that price.  I know, delivery charge, taxes, blah blah blah...it's just a bottom line issue...waaay too much for an average pizza.  Sorry Rosati's, but we're done.
5	I grew up in Chicago, and we had a Rosati's right around the corner from my house.  I've lived in Las Vegas for 10 years, and haven't had Rosati's till this weekend.My parents are headed back to Chicago for Christmas, so we decided to do our Christmas together this weekend, and instead of a traditional dinner, we opted to order Rosati's.Oh.  My.  God.I cried after my first bite.  I've missed pizza this good for ten years.I've had decent pizza, but nothing compares to this.  The pizza was just like back home!I really wish I lived closer to this location, but I'm going to see if there is a Rosati's close to my house so I can have it more often.  Great job guys.  You all made me very homesick. :)
5	Being from Chicago this place is the closest we can get back home style food. Love their deep dish and da beef samiches!
4	We ordered the monster, deep dish pizza. It was great! I'm from Chicago so I know great pizza when I taste it.  A little more sauce would have made it even better. We will definitely be back again!
5	This little pizza place is unbelievably good. They have a friendly staff and good service. They opened up a new bar area, which my wife and I love. In my opinion the pizza is much better than some of the other pizza places in town. Don't go to the Streets of New York for pizza, come to Rosatis and enjoy a good pizza cold beer and friendly staff.
5	$1.50 miller lites, $.50 wings on Tuesdays.
1	Have you ever gone to a restaurant and the food was good, but the service and customer service was so bad that you can't ever walk through the doors again? For me that is my experience at Rosati's tonight. I placed a phone order after looking at their menu that was posted on their website. I had the order amount in my head based on the prices on the website menu. When I questioned the total to the cashier, she printed out the prices. I asked her if she knew that the prices on my bill were different than those on the website menu. She told me something that really didn't make sense. I replied that I thought they should charge me the prices from the website menu. She just gave me my change and didn't even say thank you (I guess the attitude started). I asked to speak with the manager, but she said he wasn't there. If it were my restaurant, I would have gladly matched the prices that were on the website menu, no questions asked or attitude given. Another sorry example of good food that is outweighed by bad and/or rude customer service.
5	Best Chicago style pizza in Las Vegas.I have been going here for a few years and have yet to be disappointed. The Beef sandwich is one of my favorite items on the menu.
5	Happy hr 10pm till closeBest pizza,  multiple crust options and cheese optionstoday I ordered a great. Salad made. My own  not on the menu and you must see Ali in the bar she's the best.
5	It's my favorite place to eat pizza. I've tried other locations but it's not the same. My uncle came to visit who lived in Chicago thought the pizza tasted just like Chicago's pizza. Even the chocolate cake and ice cream is amazing.
5	I will definitely commend them on their delivery and food. The food arrived hot enough where it almost burned my hand taking it out of the bag and I am a good 10-15 drive from the restaurant. Delivery man was very nice and the food was great like always.
4	I wanted to try a Chicago style pizza for the longest. So we decided to to order one for pick up since we live so close. We called and the person I spoke with was kind and professional and said the pizza would be ready in 30 mins. We got a large with sausage and pepperoni and a order of Cajun fries.  It cost about $30 for all ( which was steep I thought to myself). As we picked up the pizza it was so heavy and hot fresh from the oven and the fries were packaged nicely. We got home and opened the box, this pizza was massive. I couldn't believe my eyes I thought to myself okay the price is worth it. Now the taste, the crust was crispy in the outside and soft I the middle, and they did not skimp on the cheese and toppings. It was delicious, and we will definitely order again!
4	I live a hop skip jump away..was in the mood for pizza n salad..just plain chz pizza was so good!! Salad gota have once a week..n they have a bar with gaming..Great bartenders!! Stop by when u have a chance:-)
5	I haven't tried the Chicago pizza that everyone keeps raving about, but I did stop here on a motorcycle ride. Their small size NY-style pizza is actually plenty for two if you don't want any leftovers. I definitely enjoyed the pizza, and I'm not even sure we were charged for soda. The waitress just gave us cups and pointed us toward the Pepsi dispenser lol.Oh, and it was tough knowing whether they were open or closed. No cars in the parking lot, and most of the people were next door. I probably wouldn't have even approached the front door had I not asked the people outside if the restaurant was open.
5	The food, atmosphere, and service are fantastic (did I mention how good the food was?). Don't miss out on this hidden gem of a local bar. Judd, Janeth, and Ali are awesome!!  Customer service at it's finest. Will definitely be back!
5	I absolutely love love the white pizza. It is a slice of heaven.  Thin crust great cheeses and GARLIC!!! I love to get one of these on a non cook day ;)
5	My favorite local spot. Great great pizza and hot sandwiches. Way better than a nearby metro location. Nice ambience, great for sports games. Tuesday is wing night!
2	Came here because of reviews, gave it a try and won't be back.   Overpriced side salad was lacking;  crust was tough,  pizza was so-so, and waitress was below par.  When asked if everything was OK,  we answered negatively and she just smiled and said "ok."  Pizza gets points for being hot though.  There are too many other good options in Vegas to settle for a repeat trip.
4	Rosati's and Aurelio's are the only two pizza chains that actually come from Chicago.  I am a Rosati's fan but I am a north sider. My fiance is a south sider and prefers Aurelio's. In my opinion,  it's all about the thin crust (sausage), pass on the garlic parmesan wings.
5	Love this local pizza shop! Our family has ordered here for several years, always great service and consistent food.The hot sauce tends to be on the hotter side so we only choose the "mild" sauce and it's warm enough.I would recommend this pizza shop.
5	It's expensive but worth the money. Don't necessarily like the owner, but the food is great!
2	Yikes. Wings were not good at all. Pizza was ok. They have a guy playing the guitar, he was pretty good. Beer was good ;). Next time: make own pizza, grill some wings, drink some water.
4	If you're from Vegas, you know there are run-of-the mill pizza places on practically every corner and most of them are of similar quality: filling, but boring.  But there are a few in town that are upper echelon establishments.  Grimaldi's and Metro come to mind, and there are others like Sammy's that specialize  in woodfired pizzas... But Rosati's is just an incredible, real deal pizza shop that has a great traditional feel!  You get checkered table cloths, pitchers of draft beer, and amazingly qood quality ingredients at reasonable prices.  Yes, the Chicago deep dish is delicious, but they offer different crusts as well.  Their cheesy garlic bread is served oven hot and out of this world, as are their chicken wings - maybe the best buffalo sauce in town!  The owners obviously know that a good dining experience requires proper attention to detail as the food is served hot, fresh and flavorful.  I will be back again and again as long as this continues!
5	I love rosati's pasta. The chicken fettuccine Alfredo is great and my husband loves the pizza.  Will keep ordering from here for the foreseeable future.
4	I Love the pizza here. The corn meal on the crust, with the real mozz cheese and delicious sauce.  I will be coming here for football games for the great specials in the bar area.
5	Came here for a different kind of pizza experience because I was tired of the other places in Centennial and wanted something new.  This pizza was good.I ordered a Large Chicago-style pizza with just a bunch of meat and maybe some veggies, a real fat man's pizza.  My eyes were larger than my belly that night.  In addition to the pizza, I indulged on the fried mushrooms too, I highly recommend those too... Dip the mushrooms in their oil then dip it again in the sauce...I sat in the bar area while waiting for the food to come out.  Beer was served in a chilled frosty mug, a touch of awesomeness in my book.  The crowd was small for Monday Night Football but the service was superior compared to other pizza/pasta places in Centennial.
5	Usually we are dine in customers here. However this evening we ordered delivery. The option to order online is not available at this store yet but that's no biggie. I called it in, super easy, arrived in the time frame promised (45 min; it's a Friday night so that's understandable). We still experienced the great customer  service here as a delivery customer like when do when dining in. When the food arrived it was piping hot. Like HOT! So hot I burned my tongue and the roof of my mouth. But ya know, I didn't mind, sure beats the heck out of getting cold pizza from the Dominos less than a mile from my house!! We got one large pepperoni on the double dough crust, 2 cannolis, and an order of cheese fries. All were delicious and flavorful. I feel that they are a bit on the expensive side but Rosatis never disappoints, I personally feel the food quality (big portions too) and customer service are certainly worth the extra buckaroos.
4	Ordered 6 medium wings and a medium Chicago style.  Wings were surprisingly good and the ranch was so good I wanted to drink it.  Yum!  Pizza was good too.Employees leave something to be desired and the girls at the counter are not very bright.  Would order again.
5	The pizza is great, staff is great, place is clean, good drinks, just wish the management would bring back some karaoke nights in the bar area. Overall Great place.
4	Really great pizza. My boyfriend and I are from the east and nearly gave up on ordering pizza in Vegas. This place is a cool spot tons of seating and there's even a bar. We've just got the double dough pizzas in the past which to me is just a regular pizza. I like that they have choices from thin to Chicago style. The only downside was it was so busy the staff seemed frazzled. Even when I've been there to pick up my order, I've had to wait nearly 20 mins on top of the 20 mins they told me it would take. Busy is a good sign but overwhelmed is not. The food is so good it's really worth the wait. Well be back soon!
5	Time for some pizza. This location is amazing. We are from Chicago and the Rosati name is synonymous with catering in Chi Town. Waitress was friendly and accurate in her knowledge of the Rosati products. Our cheese pizza was delicious!!We will be back!
4	Only reason for the fifth star is that the carpet in the place is outdated !! That said the pizza was fantastic. Never had Chicago style and this was amazing... Got the baked mosttacholi (spelling) and it had a great taste. The cheese was amazing the sauce has a unique pleasant taste. Fried pickles can never be bad! Only thing besides ripping the carpet out that I would do is put a sign at the entrance that tells ya what to do... Example - seat yourself... Cause first timers don't know if their supposed to wait or seat themselves...,I will definitely be back!!! Yum!!!
5	I used to go to Rosati's in Chicago growing up, it's a long time favorite of mine. Hands down, this is the best pizza in Vegas.
1	Just called to place a order and the guys was a jerk to my lady had to hang up. He cost rosati a new customer we love Italian food will never eat here. Have some respect jerk
1	Order a 18in combo and calzone. .... pizza is inedible. Regular crust is like a dried out cracker and pock marked with so many holes from docking the pizza skin it must have been ice cold when it went in the oven.  Toppings are marginal.  All in all refrence the pics posted and don't eat here.... I just threw away a 25$ pizza.
5	Little Caesars was getting old decided to try Rosati's. Not normally a fan of Chicago style pizza,  but consider my self a changed man. Awesome pizza, staff was great, no complaints from me.
5	Recently had their Chicago style pizza due to a recommendation. What a good choice! My wife had the cheese ravioli, and reports a good review as well. If nothing else, got yourself a huge Chicago style pizza. You'll thank me later!
5	Omg love this place. Try to go every week.  Love their pizza and fried pickles. Lol. Live the staff, always great!
