5	Excellent,safe place for child care.  I would not hesitate to use
3	This is my son's favorite place to come to when we go to any casino. Out of all the casinos that have a Kids Quest, he always wants to go to the one here in Red Rock. Not sure what it is about this place, but he likes this one.My point of view, the staff here are pretty darn friendly, they have a little basketball hoop where the kids can play, they have a bunch of video games, ipad station, air hockey, bunch of TVs for the kids to watch, cool little play area with tubes and such that kids can climb on. One thing I do like about this place is that they can have a little tab where they can order whatever they want with their money. They serve slushies, food (pizza, hotdogs, mac and cheese) even snacks (chips, fruit roll ups, cookies, pop tarts) whats cool about their tab is that you can tell the employees what your kids can have and can't have so they don't go around sucking down a bunch of sugar if you don't approve of it. There are probably other things you can buy there too, but I can't remember everything they had on their menu.This place seems pretty safe and fun for kids, which is one reason why I like to take my son here. But what I don't know is what it is about Kids Quest in Red Rock that has my son wanting to keep coming at this location.
5	I was visiting friends who wanted to play Bingo at the Red Rock Casino.  I was hesitant to use child care in a casino, but my friend's sister was going to have her child there during Bingo, so I checked it out.  The facility was modern, clean and enclosed so any smoke from the casino would not enter the area.  They had cubbies for my daughter to leave her shoes.  MUST HAVE SOCKS!  My daughter and the other child quickly ran into the play area and didn't look back.  Although I brought snacks and water, I couldn't bring them into the area, so they showed me a menu of items that I could allow my child to have and limit her budget to a dollar amount ($5).  They asked for my daughter's shot records but because I was from out-of-town, I could fax them within 14 days.After 2 hours, my daughter LOVED it.  The next day, she wanted to go again.  Our hotel didn't have a Kids Quest, so we drove to Sunset Station which was nearer to our hotel than Red Rock.  This is an older casino, and the Kids Quest there was not enclosed and the smoke from the casino was evident in the play area.  Forgot socks, bought socks from them.  We drove to Red Rock instead.  I met my friend for an hour and a half of roulette, and my daughter was not happy that I came back so soon!  She was perspiring from running around.During our final day in Vegas, my daughter kept begging to go back to Kids Quest.  I told her that I wanted her to see more of the sights in Vegas than just Kids Quest.  That evening, after seeing a show that let out at 9:30pm, we walked around The Strip to see all of the lights, and sure enough, she wanted to go to Kids Quest.  We were waiting for a crystal portrait we ordered to be finished which was done at 11:00pm.  She still wanted to go.  I drove to Red Rock, forgot socks, bought socks, checked her in at 11:30pm.  My friend met me for half an hour of roulette, and I got my daughter at 11:59pm (they close at midnight).  Although we went to the Hoover Dam and saw Cirque's "KA", my daughter said that the highlight of our Vegas trip was Kids Quest.P.S.  Red Rock is a very family-friendly, almost smoke-free casino.  When we played Bingo, the smokers had their own enclosed room and there was a non-smoking area of machines.  We used their bowling alley which was very large and very clean.  We will stay there next time we're in Vegas.
4	My kids always have a great time. My littlest son however has gotten a couple of diaper rashes from not being changed regularly or well. He is no longer in the infant/toddler room so I hopefully will not have to deal with that anymore.A little pricey but what do you expect from a business in a casino establishment.
4	With our immediate family all living out-of-state, Kids Quest is a good babysitting alternative for when my husband and I need a movie date. I was super nervous the first time we dropped off our baby that I kept checking my phone in the theater (to my husband's annoyance) in case of an emergency. After two hours, we walked the few feet to Kids Quest and all my nervousness melted away when my happy baby was handed to me.At your first visit, you need to provide updated immunization records. The rate for babies on weekends is $9.50/hr which is reasonable instead of hiring a babysitter for a comparable rate. You fill out a form with pretty much everything they would need to know to take care of your baby - time last fed, formula/breastmilk/solids, any allergies, etc. The place looks super fun for kids with a snack bar, an iPad station, air hockey, video games, etc. Heck, even I would love to hang out here!I like how they provide a report of how much and what time he ate, when he pooped/peed, when he napped and for how long... I feel very secure when we leave him in the hands of the caregivers at Kids Quest. It also doesn't hurt that it's right next door to the movie theater!They are open pretty late so it's a great place to leave your kids if you want to have a romantic dinner, gamble and have some fun sans kids. Tip: Use your Station Casinos players card for a small discount!
4	My 4 year old daughter LOVES this place!. She can't wait until the weekend to go and has a blast every time!. Staff is friendly and the place is clean. They have everything you can imagine in there for your kids to have fun.  So, for parents that want to go on a date night, watch a movie or gamble for a couple of hours, this is the place for you. Also, if you use your players card you get a small discount.  The hourly rates are less than $10.One thing that I would change is the check in process for us locals that use them regularly.  I don't see the need to have us sign a paper and write our name & phone number every time we go there.  Hope you guys open another one in Green Valley Ranch or bring back the one at The Palms.
5	Great place to leave your kiddos. Safe and secure. My 3 and 5 year old had a blast for a few hours while we gambled. Very affordable!
5	I have never used a drop in daycare before or any place like this. My kids absolutely loved it you can drop them off for a maximum of five hours. They can play eat watch TV and it is safe and clean!!! It is 8 dollars an hour per child during the week and 9 on the weekend. You also get a discount if you have a boarding pass from Red Rock. You just have to provide them with shot records. I will definitely be using this place again!
5	Great late night daycare if you want to get out or need a break for a few hours and want a safe clean place for your kids to play with good supervision whether you are a local or in town visiting. We tried this one and the one at Texas Station (4 stars) this one is a great location for the kids
2	Read all the prev reviews... So I decide to take my child there because of all the positive feed back... Well here we go with my input.. note this was my first time ever letting my kid in a center like this. She attends school 5 days a week and also I myself am a asst cook for a private school so I'm pretty experienced in knowing what's expected for good nutrition for children 1. When asked if you want to have credit for a snack they ask what snack I responded by saying Goldfish and juice. My daughter is 3.5 years old at 8:30 she was given jelly beans and milk. And now is complaining of tummy pains and feel like she going to throw up.2. Witness 3 employee's freaking out thinking they have the wrong child....3. When I called to make a compliant the manager acted as if I didn't request the proper snack.. And was just complaining.  And yes she comped the money back for the food but now I have a kid that's complaining of tummy pains.I will not ever take my child to the Red Rock One I might try another casino but really have to think about it.
1	i was there for the first time a few weeks ago.  Dropped off both of my kids and when I picked them up a few hours later the boys said that they were hit the whole way home.  Also brought stuff to change diapers and they did not do that and sat in dirty diapers for hours.  I filed a complaint and there offer was to come back and get a tour.  NO THANKS!! never going back.  DO NOT TAKE YOUR KIDS HERE!!
2	I took my one year old here for a few hours and 3 days later he got a horrific stomach flu and the hand and foot disease. Of course, it passed it's way through the family.  I can't say for sure it was because of the place but it is highly likely since my son hasn't been anywhere but our house and we practice excellent hygiene.
5	We absolutely love Kids Quest. Fun and safe place to leave the kids at. Vaccinations record is required to attend. They are a licensed day care and is tax deductible. Print outs are available upon request. 5 hour stay maximum during which the kids can be checked out and checked back in. Now you don't have to stay at Red Rock premises and could leave the casino, just let them know when you're planning on coming back.There are many fun activities for the kids of any age: iPad station, Wii, basketball, the Quest (jungle gym), TVs, dress up station, library, block station, Lego station, toys station, etc. There is a cafe where kids could purchase snacks and drinks with the money you deposit on their account when they are checked in. You can leave an open account, deposit a certain amount, or purchase the actual snacks and drinks of your choice. Kids Quest is a life saver for us! Would definitely recommend it to anyone with kids!
