4	wing fat hong is typical of asian grocery stores:: a small space that is expertly arranged in a way that every crevice is stocked with something but you can still (somehow) pass through.from frozen goods to fresh produce to oils and sauces you a) won't find elsewhere or b) will find elsewhere but at a ridiculously inflated price, wing fat hong has pretty much everything spanning across china and the southeast asia spectrum.items like rice, wonton and eggroll wrappers, and produce (that includes the more exotic asian fruits and vegetables) cost almost next to nothing, while chips, candy, and other imported junk foods are on the more expensive side (hi-chew packs for $1.99, are you insane?!??). it's also super helpful that there are two check-out counters:: one that's cash-only and one that's card-only. time saver!still, it's the perfect place for one-stop asian goods shopping, and always a place i make a point of visiting before heading back to the district.
1	BUYER BEWARE....Pay close attention to cashier when checking out. They ALWAYS ring extra items and charged more then you purchase...CHECKING OUT SCAM.....Several of us have experience the same problem....BE VERY CAREFUL....SCAMMERS...
4	I like their selection of soy sauces including brands such as Kikkomen. They also have several variations of bulk rice at reasonable prices. One of the biggest draws of this supermarket are all of the Asian specialties - most of which I am unfamiliar with.
2	its too crowded.. cramped.. I don't like how they calculate our things, it is unclear what we are paying for.. I am worried that the cashier charged more that I buy. There is no way we can checked since the receipt did not tell which amount for what item... me, I will choose other stores..
4	This place makes me homesick for San Francisco. It's everything an Asian grocery should be - crammed full of a dizzying variety of dry goods, fruits, vegetables, meats, snacks, and ingredients from every imaginable Asian country.
4	I never, ever review, but felt compelled to after seeing how few reviews there are for this place. So first off, the bad, WFH has SUPER narrow aisles. As in, only enough for one person in that section of the aisle. If somebody gets a shopping cart, you actually have to drop what you are doing and move to a different aisle. That's really their only bad quality, but annoying enough for me to drop a star.The good is everything else. In terms of Thai and Vietnamese groceries, WFH really is superior over Lotus. I was able to find some Thai items that are fairly obscure and, as far as I know, not available anywhere else in the area. They carry some hard to find packaged items such as green peppercorns in jars, frozen stink bean and krachai/lesser galangal/wild ginger (both brined and frozen). They even had frozen short mackerel, although I can't speak for its quality since I didn't buy it. The selection of produce is good too, almost everything found at the other Asian stores in the strip plus fresh turmeric, bird eye chile's, banana flowers and stems of bac ha. The fresh herbs are pretty heavily slanted towards Vietnamese stuff (rau-ram/Vietnamese coriander, ngo om/rice paddy herb, that sort of thing) but there were also big bundles of Thai basil. Outside specifically Thai and Vietnamese stuff, they have a good range of general Southeast Asian groceries. They have many, many brands of coconut milk and fish sauce as opposed to the two Lotus has. And they are good quality brands, this is the only place I have seen Red Boat fish sauce, Golden Boy fish sauce or Chaokoh coconut milk.The prices are equal or less than that of Lotus. I've personally never been overcharged for the items I purchased. The cherry on top is that, as opposed to Lotus where the workers act like you ruined their whole day by checking out, I never get attitude here. In fact, last time I checked out with lots of heavy items, the woman working behind the counter offered to get me a box so it would be easier to carry. Overall, great little place.
