2	OK, the main room is large and round, like a clock dial with the Information desk in the circular center. You enter at a doorway we'll call the five-to-six o'clock position (there are two openings). If you are in there for anything that will require payment, such as a birth certificate or death certificate, BE WARNED that once you complete the form from the gray box next to Information (about the 8 o'clock position) and get to the front of the line to talk to the clerks (with your ID) (about the 7 o'clock position), you will be given a form to take to the line for the cashier's window (about the 11 o'clock position).  These certificates, which you may need several of, are also $20 each, by the way. The cashier, once you have paid (again with ID), will give you a completed set of two copies of that form to take back to the line for the clerk (same as the original line you waited in to see the clerk), who will then give you your certificate(s).  It is EXACTLY like the much-hated system that Russian stores used to use on their customers (zaplatitye f'kassu -- stand on line to request your merchandise, go stand on line to pay the cashier, then come back and stand on the original line again to pick up your merchandise). Why they do not trust the clerks enough to let them take the payment, who knows. The clerks and the cashiers are nice enough, but the lines can get long. If you want to be efficient and the lines are crazy long, have a friend stand on the cashier line for you as soon as you go up to the clerk's window, and on the clerk line for you as soon as you are "next" for the cashier line. Assuming the person in front of you isn't going to pay in pennies dumped out of a collection of mismatched single socks, or something.Beware #2: the entrance to the parking labyrinth is on Shadow, but the EXIT from same is on Pinto Ln, the small road just to the north of the lot. You turn left and get back to Shadow that way.
5	Free hiv and std check up done here which will save you up to 400 bucks. Staffs are all friendly and passionate. I appreciate this organization and will recommend to anyone.
4	Went to get our health cards here and the process is pretty simple as long as you follow directions, listen and pay attention. For the person complaining about going from line to line, I believe that is because there are a number of different things that can be done at this building so they have different areas that handle different things. I do agree it could be a little more streamlined but I'm not going to complain if I have to walk a few extra feet.The staff is pretty friendly, especially the Volunteers that work here, but you can tell that they deal with some pretty rude people ALL the time so I feel bad for them. It is not their fault people, they are just doing their jobs. I don't see why people have to get mad at them for their own inability to follow directions.Is it the best process? NO... Is it do-able? YES.The movie that is required for the Health Card for Food Service is a bit out dated and I have seen it and many like it before. I wish you could just test out of the movie portion, but I do what I have to do. Go at the right times and this can be a quick and painless process. I highly recommend looking up the movie times if you need to watch that and try and do everything in one trip. We made the mistake of coming at a bad time the other day and had to go back to watch the movie. No big deal, but we know for next time now.
4	This was one of two options given to me to get the shingles vaccination and I came here.  It was like a visit to DMV without the wait.  I was there for about 45 minutes.  The process for vaccinations requires you to go down a hall, fill out some paperwork and get a number, and then go to the window when your number comes up.  The person at that window will look at your paperwork and notify you of what you need to pay.  Then, walk to the entrance, pay the cashier and return to the same window.  Then you have a seat and wait until one of the practitioners to call your name.  The process is easy if you follow directions.  There was a bit of crying from some of the kids there for various reasons.  It was a good people watching place and Angry Birds helps with any wait time.
5	I recall having several immunizations here as a child and needed an updated immunization record. I went on a wednesday and I was the only person there to get stuff done. Score one for me!!I went in, filled out a slip of paper real quick and was in and out within 10 minutes. They printed out my sheet and sent me on way.Right before the school year it does get crazy in there so if you know you need shots I suggest you go before or after July or August, otherwise you're essentially a glutton for punishment.
5	If I can't make a doctors appointment to get tested I get in touch with one of the girls I know that work here and go in. Testing is $30 and you get tested for all std's. I reccomend coming here. The staff is hella on top of your health and want to make sure everyone's ok.
5	Efficient and painless in getting the duplicate health card today. $20 Come the renewal though, Food Handlers will be required to pay for the $20 online class and then the extra $20 for the ID card. Grrrr!
4	Time again too renew my health card. It process never look forward too not so much taking the test online (before used too be hour long class of boredom) but going down actually getting new card. It been three years but talk about things changed...The old location always went too is no more. It blessing because that building is much smaller then the new one and getting old run down looking inside and outside. So walking into this building was much more refreshing change one that makes the process much more pleasant. It had open atrium area or kind of lounge area in the middle that chill before going into whatever department need too go. They have have soda machines, benches, plants, and indoor so not worries about the heat. The health card department the process not changed so much from filling out initial form (volunteer there too guide you along if need), getting number, show paperwork, pay area, and take picture/stick same pic short wait till issue new card. The amazing part was LITERALLY in and out in less then thirty mins. Wow! Maybe cause middle of the week and odd time. In any case that quick of process I was impressed! The environment more open and nice air conditioning mad the process easier. If you need too renew health card out of four places this is one too go.........
5	ample parkingin and out within 10 minutesno linescame here to get a duplicate birth certificate and was in and out within minutes.  $20.00 for a duplicate certificate.
1	I want to leave negative stars. I waited 20 minutes for my number to be called for the food handler safety training card. No biggie.They call my number, I go to the gentleman who is handing out the numbers. He refers me to the clerk. Upon getting to her window, the clerk says that she is already on the next number. She says I need to get a new number and wait in line all over again. The employees apparently lack communication or a working system.I go back to the gentleman who is giving out numbers. He says he is sorry and there is nothing he can do.  I am livid and forced to wait 20 more minutes in pure annoyance and anger. Rawr.
5	Fast, professional and clean Place is we'll kept and employees are amazing at what they do Great place if you want a speedy wait time
3	Yep, gonna visit this place if you want a job in service here in Vegas. Pretty clean, nice building, helpful staff. Pretty quick in and out as well.
2	The fact that I took the online test for my food handlers card saved me a long wait and had all my documents I needed. However there where people without right documents.Also get there early Side note in cooking field if someone is sniffling or coughing like half the staff was at the food handlers card window where sick (cold ) I never wanted to run home so fast and wash my hands At least they allow online food managers and food handlers in this state thats a huge plus !
5	Honestly, this was a 180 from the other location. I walked in, got a number and was called seconds later. There was an issue with my card and Kathy fixed it right away. She was friendly and professional.  Like I said, a completely different experience from the other locations.
4	Went to get my health card.  Everyone was very nice and I was in and out within 20 min!!!!!!! Smooth, quick and easy process! Love it
5	I have read and been told about how many people are waiting a long time for service here.  I've been here twice. Both times it was efficient with a courteous and professional nurse. I received vaccinations for a Thailand trip. I don't understand why people want to overpay at a travel clinic for the same shots.  Don't waste your money and go to the health district on Valley View, where you will be informed on what shots are needed, if any, with a FREE CONSULT.
