4	I am only giving this a 4 because my mom bought the jerky for me so I didn't get the chance to view the whole selection. I had the Thai Style jerky. Excellent!! You get a great combo of flavors with sweet, spicy, lime, and lemon-grass. They jerky was tender and flavor full. My next selection was a lo-carb teriyaki. It also had great flavor and is made with splenda. Over all very good hand made beef jerky with nice flavors. Definitely try the Thai Style. I also believe this place is in the indoor swap meet.
4	Wow.I lived and worked about a mile from Thai Food To Go, and my co-workers and I became addicted to their lunch special -- spring roll, soup, entree, and bottled water for like $6.  Amazing.Although I wasn't always a fan of the soup (no choice; you get what they serve that day), it was at least pretty good.  Their spicy basil beef and red curry are DELICIOUS.  The dining room in the storefront restaurant is pretty tiny, but it's nice enough.  The service is always pleasant.I've only ever carried out from here, but I recommend eating here any way you can!
5	I absolutely love this place.  My friend took me for lunch, it's only 1 girl that works there as a server, they are all family.  Small, clean, the food is amazing and doesn't hurt my stomach.  Not greasy, smells good.  You sit and can look right into the kitchen as they prepare your food.  The floors and counter tops are amazing clean.  The service is great, and I love the food.  Not open on Sundays, learned that the hard way.  Take some friends and try it out.  The best Thai food in Las Vegas hands down.
4	Its a Nice Small place. Hole in the wall. And the Pad Thai is wonderful, so is the Thai Chicken. Always get a Thai Tea thats on Par with more expensive places. Its family owned and everyone is so friendly.
5	Im updating this because they had a Re Grand Opening. And the seating area is still quaint. They added a flat screen tv. I had this dish, i cant remember the name. But it was with crispy ramen noodles in a gravy that got soft as you ate it topped with chicken with pepper and broccoli and snap beans. DELICIOUS. My friend had Pineapple fried rice with chicken and shirmp and raisins and cashews. He was kind of pessimistic about trying it, but convinced him it was delicious. He ended up taking some home. NOM NOM NOM. The Quality is still there, and the prices are still cheap. They gave free refills on his thai tea as well. Most places i know dont give free refills on thai tea. Not sure if they always do it though. SInce they are open go back in you wont regret it.
5	This review is just for their delivery service and food, I haven't been inside the restaurant.AWESOME. On a Saturday night at 8pm we were craving thai food but wanted to enjoy some ESPN 30for30 on the couch...delivery was the only option obviously. After first calling Satay Bistro (the usual go-to) and being told their delivery guy wasn't working, then calling Komol and also being told their delivery guy wasn't working (what restaurant decides not to have their delivery guy working on a Saturday night??) I poked around on Yelp and found Thai Food To Go. I figured I would give them a shot. We ordered:-fresh spring rolls (the non-fried kind)-thai beef salad-chicken pad thai-garlic chicken with brown riceWhen the guy on the phone read my total bill I thought he must have left some of the food order off....he claimed my total was $25. Really?? Ooookay. We will see if the food arrives correctly...The food arrived in about 35 minutes of ordering. Everything was hot, fresh, delicious AND they threw in a free order of the fried spring rolls and a free order of crab ragoon! On top of everything else we ordered I would say $25 (plus a good tip) was well worth it. That order from Satay or Komol would have costed at least $40 or more!I definitely support the mom-and-pop operations and Thai Food To Go is a solid business with great food and (delivery) service.I will definitely be checking out their establishment in person very soon.
5	Excellent thai restaurant. I really love how every dish has a authentic taste!Things we've ordered:1.Tum Yum soup with chicken (SPICE #7) 2.Chicken Satay with their special peanut sauce!!!3.Pad Kee Mao (SPICE #7)4.Chicken Pad Thai5. Fried bread6. Beef jerky7.Unlimited Thai Tea (BEST THAI TEA EVER) not too sweet... Just RIGHT!  Service 100% on task.
5	Now this place has the easiest menu to order from. its not so complicated like most thai restaurants. but i can actualy say that i really like everything that ive tried here. So just because of the location do not pass this place up. ANY NOODLE DISH IS AWESOME. and the basil chicken is the business. (pad ka prow chicken with rice and a fried egg on top)oh dont forget a thai tea. YUMMY ..see you soon thai food to go
4	It's close to work. I've always seen it but been to busy to stop by.Went for lunch. It was fast and yummy. Plus the several lunch specials are only $4.99 (drink extra.) Got out of there for $7. Family place, good service.I'm not thai expert but I plan to go back, often.
4	Pretty good food at very reasonable prices. Nice,Friendly service and quick. Close to my office, so it' s convenient. Went back 2x already. A tiny bit greasy but they don't claim to be "healthy" so, I can't complain. Lunch specials are a real good deal. Location and atmosphere are less than desirable but again, it's close to my office so i don't mind.
5	I have had the Pad See Ew, yellow curry, Pad Thai, the sweet tea, and one other thing with noodles on the side and a big cup of soup. I liked it all, the Pad Thai wasn't the best I have ever had, but it wasn't bad. I really like their fried rice. It doesn't seem fried at all though. Its got a pink color, it's sticky, and it has a very different, but tasty flavor. The prices are reasonable, the portions are generous, and everything is cooked fresh to order. Try it, you won't be disappointed!
5	Don't let the size or location of this little 14-seat eatery fool you. The food is terrific and a single visit will likely make a regular of anyone who likes Thai. At least this is how it worked for my wife and me. We had the Drunken fried rice, Pad Thai and Golden Nest Noodle (Mee Krob) along with Thai tea. The dishes were excellent in every respect. The food was fresh, the quantities large, and everything was served promptly, courteously, and piping hot. My only complaint, and this probably has more to do with my age than any failing on the restaurant's part, has to do with the waiter's mode of dress. This young man really needs to pull up his pants! :-)
5	I am from Thailand and have lo tolerance for bad Thai food. This is a place run by Thais and the host/ Owner does a great job with this casual take out or dine in local buzz spot. He is from San Francisco where his family runs a highly acclaimed thai reataurant that's sort of an institution. Green and red Penang curry were sumptuous, heady and beautifully crafted. Pad see ew noodles was savory and thick. Even the pot stickers were tasty (Thai people rarely eat this, but it was good)Ambiance of a fast food restaurant and small.The 7 guys i took there couldnt stop talking about this meal 2-3 days later.
5	A diamond in the rough!!  I was so hungry and ate my food so fast that I forgot the name of the noodle dish I ate!!  Butttt, if it was any indication of how their noodle dishes are then I must say it's a must have when you are craving thai food.  The only thing I do remember was the friendliness of the staff and the fact that my crab dish had actual crab in it (not the imitation kind).  Looking forward to coming back here and grubbing on some other dishes.  Check it out!!
5	This is a great spot in a very unassuming location.  The tiny storefront hides a world of Thai food that  many will never experience.I've done take-out twice and delivery a few times - I prefer the delivery.  The take out is fine, though the last time there was a mistake when the guy next to me in line "accidentally" took my food as well as his.  The owner was apologetic and gave me a free Thai iced tea while she remade my order... it was just irritating.Nonetheless.  The food is amazing.  It's always hot and freshly made, incredibly tasty and flavorful.  We've never ordered anything that we didn't like.  My husband typically orders the Pad Thai and my go-to is the Pad See Ew.  We get heaping helpings that are usually enough for two meals along with the free appetizers for a $20 order.  Delivery is fast and friendly;  our food is always hot and there are never any issues.  There's no question about if we will eat here again, it's simply a matter of when.**Edit** Still a great place - but they've done a little remodel inside, which makes it fairly pleasant (they have a wicked-cool mural).  They've added a delivery charge (sigh) and no longer offer the free appetizers with the $20 order.  The food is still awesome, so while disappointing, we won't stop eating there.  :)
5	DELICIOUS!!!!!  Asked for spicy, got spicy.
4	Been here a couple of times now and the food is consistently good. They cook to order, no sugar in sauces, you want it super hot, need extra rice. The people are very friendly and the lunch portions are good size. It is in a dinky little shop, does a lot of take out but eating inside is OK. Very down to earth, you will see family and staff eating in the kitchen. Always a good sign :)Definitely going to try the Chef specials soon. They look yummy.
4	Well it looks like we are on a Thai food kick, so here we go.After eating at Stick E Rice a couple of days ago and loving the food there, we decided to give another highly rated place a try.For comparisons we ordered the same dishes.Chicken SatayChicken Pad ThaiCrispy pork with broccoliIf we had eaten here first we would of been very happy, however, having eaten at Sticky E Rice first, how to put this without meaning we we not impressed, I guess the easy way of saying it is, it's like comparing restaurant food with street food, both are good in their own separate ways, but the food at Thai to Go is certainly simpler.The food at Stick E Rice had more complex tastes to them, again nothing against Thai Food to Go, food is highly subjective at the best of times and either of these two places would make for a great meal.
4	I asked the owner to recomended me something new for me to try. I was surprisingly happy!
5	A transcendent experience. Thai Food To Go is a super small, unassuming place in a nondescript strip mall off Desert Inn in an area of town many forget even exists. For those who step in the door to this place, they will be rewarded thanks to Service with a Genuine Smile, a full Thai menu, and surprisingly low prices. But as nice as all that is, it's all about the food. So how is it? I've had a lot of Thai food especially of late. But only 2 places in Las Vegas have flat out wowed me, and left me thinking OMG why did I wait so long to come here, or to try Thai food for that matter. Penn's Thai House was the first, but now Thai Food To Go did it to me again. That's why I use the word "Transcendent" as it literally kicked me back on my heels and made me say damn! this is good! When you walk in you'll notice it's not fancy. In fact it might be considered a hole in the wall, and I don't mean that as a slam. They have just what they need to make great food and little else. There's just 4 tables so when I say it's small...it really is. But when I sat down for lunch I saw big bowls of Pad Thai and all sorts of wonderful stuff being brought to the tables. I played it safe and went with Cashew Nut Chicken and asked for medium heat. They got it right, perfect heat, great flavor, and a portion size that for the price blew me away. And their soup offerings wasn't just the typical boring egg flower soup, I didn't get the name of the soup but it turned out to satisfy a craving I've been having for good soup that nobody seemed to be able to fulfill until now. While I like Komol's offerings and it's closer to me for lunch, Thai Food To Go is a definite add to my lunch rotation. In fact Thai Food To Go may end up being even better than Komol! Yum, Yum, YUM! I can't wait to go back and try their other stuff!Edit: I went back today, not even 24 hours later. This time around I ordered Green Curry with Chicken. The curry had lots of vegetables in it including beans and green bell pepper which I typically don't like. But in this case the curry overcame all resistance and turned this into one of the best lunch choices I've made in years. I have no choice but to bump Thai Food to Go up to 5 Stars. They earned it, I will be back, and I will bring others.
4	I live just between Stick E Rice and Thai Food to Go, but only just discovered Thai Food to Go.  In the past two weeks I've been 4 times and I love it.  Kunchorn had been my to go Thai place and I was so saddened when they never reopened in June.  But now I have a new favorite.Thai Food to Go is a small restaurant with just 5 tables, a dive?.  But it is clean, the staff are all very friendly, and I find the food to be superior to most of the other local Thai restaurants.Pros: Flavorful and nuanced foodGood prices and large portionsFast service - at lunch it slows down just because of the sheer number of orders coming out of the kitchenLunch specials are a great deal!Cons:Limited menuInconsistent with heat levels My husband prefers Stick E Rice likely for the ambience.  He says the menu is larger but he always gets the same thing so I'm sure that isn't the reason.  They no longer offer the free Thai Iced Tea or appetizers with your order.  But if you check in with Yelp they are currently offering a free Thai Iced Tea with $15 or more order.Anyway, if you are looking for authentic food, served in a relaxing and comfortable atmosphere, without breaking the bank, I recommend trying Thai Food to Go.Try the Pad Woon Sen, Green and Panang curries!
2	Apparently, their only two flavors are "wallpaper paste" and "ghost pepper surprise." There's no in-between. My wife seems to like it, but that's because it's cheap, and she's ... we'll go with "thrifty". It has all the personality and atmosphere of a Wal-Mart employee break room, and, as my kid will tell you, they don't list everything they have directly on the menu, so, if you don't look closely at the walls, you'll miss the fried ice cream. Yeah. Skip it.
5	Came here for lunch and ordered the Pad se ew and Thai basil. Both of the two dishes were great. For the price of 5.50 for lunch and the nice portion. U get soup,egg roll or pot sticker and rice. The Pad Se Ew noodles was great because it wasn't clumpy. The seasonings on both of the dishes was on point. If you are looking for the Authentic Thai place this is the place to dine. Food: A (comfort food like moms home cooked meal) Service: AMy favorite place to go!!!
4	Outstanding Thai food on the East side and at the cheapest prices I've ever seen! Thank you to Yelper Shawn J's review for leading me to gold.Normally I wait to write a review until after I have at least two dining experiences, but today I can't wait. Zero patience when it comes to spreading the good word about good food. 5 STAR FLAVOR. $5.50 (Lunch Special Prices) Green Curry Chicken at 10 for heat level. Overall it was some of the best Green Curry I've encountered and the heat level was spot on. Nice balance of white meat chicken to vegetables and loaded with chiles. It's going to be hard for me to try anything else because it was that good. 5 STAR SERVICE. The lady who helped me gets 5 stars just for her smile. She lit up the small restaurant with her smile and positive attitude.  Her spirit is contagious and I wish my coworkers could be more like her. I had a real funny thing I wrote right here about that, but thought it would be in my best interest to keep it to myself. (That's growth)Why only 4 STARS you ask? 1. Because I've only eaten here once and I am not going to high five a spot until I have tasted more of the menu.2. This place is REALLY small. It was clean and bright, but it's just too small. Definitely not first date worthy unless the person is really cool and really loves Thai food and you. Then it would be ideal. I forgot to mention if you check in on Yelp you get a free Thai Tea if you are dining in. Thai Food To Go is not to be missed. One of the most flavorful, top quality meals around for 5 bucks. I might go back tomorrow to try the Pumpkin Curry on special right now!
5	My tummy and my wallet just did a happy dance together!For $5.50, I got a lunch and it was fantastic. I ordered the yellow curry with steamed rice. They offer fried or brown as well. For that price, you also get a wonton or an eggroll. I went with the eggroll, although it was nothing to write home about. If you dine in there is a free Thai iced tea with check-in. This is a must. You'd think the best part about this meal would be the price, but no, the food is actually really tasty as well. The flavors were well-developed and they weren't overly sweet or spicy. I ordered a spice level 6 to err on the side of caution and it had a nice kick. I'll definitely amp up the spice level on my next visit. I'm looking forward to trying their other lunch specials as well. Looking over the rest of the menu their prices are pretty good overall. They have a specials board and every one of them sounded delicious. The restaurant is tiny. Only about four or five tables of two, so be advised. They also deliver within a three-mile radius. Unfortunately for me, I'm well outside of that. Great little lunch spot in a very unassuming mini mall.
4	The food is cook fresh and it taste delicious. The prices are really reasonable.
4	Wonderful food, terrible ambiance. Better for take-out, as the name would suggest. Fantastic eggplant, beautiful curries, great drunken noodles. Swallow your capsaicin pride and order a notch low on the 1-10 scale; they don't mess around. The thai iced tea was not as good as I hoped, but it was free with a checkin, so I can't complain.Four stars overall for fantastic food minus terrible ambiance. You're going to a restaurant to eat, after all.
4	WHAT THAI IS IT?Thanks to all my fellow Yelpers for leading me to this place especially to the Duke, Shawn J who just happens to be one of my Yelp buddies! Oh, and I cant say enough about Jaime W's review. She hit everything spot on. Also Emily R's review is awesome as well. It was so awesome that she got the ROTD! (Review Of The Day).So here's my two cents. I actually was thinking about goin to Del Taco. As I pulled in to the parking lot, I see "Thai Food To Go". Hmm....I thought. Isnt this one of my bookmarks? So I check and yup, there it was. So there was no doubt I was eating there.First impressions are that it's quite cozy, meaning they only have about 5 small tables and not much room for anything else. But you guys know the saying, "Dont judge a good book by it's cover." Im assuming that person has eaten here because the food is absolutely dee-lish.The have this lunch special from 11 to 3 for 5.50 dine in only. What you get is your choice of meat, steamed or fried rice, soup, and a pot sticker or eggroll. That's awesome for your stomach and your wallet! I chose the Spicy Chicken Basil with a spicy rating of 4. Either im getting soft or my spice buds are deteriorating cuz I was sweating like a pig! Nevertheless, the fried rice, egg flower soup, and pot sticker were scrumptious! You also get a free Thai Iced Tea just for checking in. (dine in only). Of course I still needed water due to the fact I had steam coming from my forehead. I guess the lady saw that and went ahead and got me some water which was well appreciated.Service was awesome!. From the time I ordered to the time I paid, everything was convenient, well except for the 10 dollar minimum credit/debit card policy. That was a bummer. So you either gotta order more food or pay cash. Most people dont carry cash anymore so hopefully after reading this you will be well aware.So bookmark this place if you havent already. Im glad I did. Put a little spice in your life!
4	The owner of Thai Food To Go responded back to me early this morning, and I would like to share that response here. Hi Shawn,   This is Champ. First thing I am truly apologize in this situation. And already give a huge complain to my waitress. So sorry that she can't handle in peak hours restaurant while I went for business trip in San Francisco. Please give us another chance to serve you as our value customer. I am here at restaurant on monday, thursday and friday    I am look forward to seeing you. And please come to take one complimentary lunch as from my truly apologize. You are my value customer.   your sincerely,    Champ. I appreciate Champ's fast response. And while it's very generous I will be declining his offer of a free lunch. I will go back and when I do all I want is what I typically experience when I go here. 1: Service with a smile. (Or at least notice I'm standing there!)2: A place to sit if the tables are not already occupied. 3: The same great Thai Iced Tea I like a little too well. 4: The same great food that in some cases gives Penn's Thai House a serious run for the money. 5: First come, first served. I don't mind waiting....but just let me know what's going on and I'm good. Back to 4 Stars...but that 5th Star will come back with time...or after a good bowl of green curry.Note: My original 1 Star review for the bad experience I had got overwritten when I was trying to type this out on my phone. Still the response is what counts.
5	Stellar and amazing! And FAST. This place has spoiled me for all other thai restaurants.
5	Great taste and really tastes like ThAi! Had Chow Mein and Pad Thai. Kinda funny because I just started eating and didn't even notice till half way that I was eating the wrong plate. I was like, "Why doesn't this Pad thai not taste like Pad thai yet?!" Then I noticed I was eating Chow mein Lawl!   The chow mein tastes great like real made chow mein with a warm taste. It's not all dry and doesn't feel like it's been warmed up several times. Plus The flavanoids were there. The Pad Thai had that great taste as usual. Not all tasteless that only brings the dryness, but brings the flavor along. Only complaint I had was that the room was waaay to warm inside.
5	SOO FRIENDLY AND WOW AMAZING FOOD! Of course I love good deals, but getting great soup, egg roll and meal in less than 7 mins so truly amazing! I actually love the decor, and love how small and 'homey' it is! Even the water was great! I was so happy you could choose from fried and white rice. Their menu is large. I ordered Panang curry chicken and it was exactly what I wanted!! I'll be back often :)
5	This is the best Thai food in Vegas.  Wonderful service and fantastic food.  You get the real Thai flavors with just the right amount of spices.  So glad we gave this place a try.  The spicy basil beef is so tasty.  You have to try the pork potstickers they're to die for.
5	Let's get straight to the point, this little Thai restaurant is skyrocketing near the top of my list.  I was extremely impressed with this place.  While the atmosphere feels like a small hole in the wall, and the seating may be a little cramped, rest assured that this is some of the best authentic Bangkok style food in Vegas as of this review.  On my first visit I tried the Pot Stickers ($5.95), Green Curry Fried Rice ($7.95), and Green Curry with Beef ($6.95).  The Pot Stickers were similar to the ones served at TSNH.  The fried shell had a light crispness to it, and it was topped with a creamy orange sauce (I think it's the same sauce you get on a lot of sushi rolls).  They were pretty good, although nothing to rave about.  At least, not compared to the next two dishes.The Green Curry Fried Rice was absurdly good.  Spiced heavily with just enough heat (I ordered a 7/10), the balance in flavor was spot on while still having that strong herbal/spicy array of authentic flavor.  The vegetables, which included short slices of green beans, were firm and juicy (not as juicy as good ol' Pan Asian mind you).  The chunks of chicken breast were most impressively juicy and tender as well.  I highly recommend this dish to any Thai food lover.  They don't hold back on the flavor. All kinds of lemongrass, basal, and other delicious spicy flavors explode with this dish.The Green Curry itself, ordered with beef, was one of the best I have had in a very long time.  It was a thin Bangkok style curry with lots of bamboo, green and red peppers, etc.  Any Thai food lover knows that it is hard to find an exceptional Bangkok style green curry.  I think this one has trumped Krung Thai for my favorite green curry in town.  The balance of flavor was again amazing.  Many Thai restaurants either hold back on the spicing ingredients or can't balance them properly.  This place does it right.  The only complaint that I could see maybe is that there wasn't a ton of beef, but to me the curry itself is so good that it doesn't even need it.  A+ green curry right here, folks.On visit two we had the Roast Duck Curry ($8.95), Larb with Pork ($6.95), Pineapple Fried Rice ($7.95), and Drunken Noodles with chicken ($6.75).  Again, the food was stellar the second time around, and again the Roast Duck Curry stole the show.  It had a strong yet balanced and lightly sweet flavor, very savory while still a thin consistency.  The pineapple tasted fresh, and the duck was of the highest quality.  The only complaint I would have is that there could have been more duck meat, but I would rather have less of a higher quality meat.  The price is certainly right regardless.  The curries here are authentic and balanced at the same time, completely stellar.  The Pineapple Fried Rice was excellent as well, with a light grilled flavor balanced with the sweetness of fresh pineapple.  The cashews tasted fresh and were absolutely delightful.  The Drunken Noodles (Pad Kee Mow at some other restaurants) was also great.  The Larb was slightly dry for my taste, but very flavorful. It wasn't too sour but definitely had some sourness to it, and had lots of other savory flavors to balance it out.  Most Larbs I have had lately are very one sided in the sour department, but not this one.  Multidimensional flavor seems to be the theme to this place!I would probably give Thai Food To Go a 4/5 over all, but the curries here are so off the hook that I have to bump this one up to a 5.  I can't express my previous frustration with not being able to find really good, authentic tasting Bangkok style curry in this town.  Thai Food To Go has finally filled that gap for me, and I can't wait to go back. (Note: I was told the place has new owners as of about 6 months ago).
4	Great Thai Food one of my favorites!
5	Quite simply, the best Thai food I have ever had!!!
4	This place is awesome. Authentic Thai I think, although I have tried many good Thai restaurants in the neon desert, and never get tired of trying new restaurants. Competition brings the best in everyone. This place has awesome dessert (sticky rice mango).
5	Awesome spot for Thai in Vegas. Got a free tea with my Yelp check in. Definitely coming back when I am in town.
3	Pretty good.. It would've been a 4 but my potsticker was cold  :(
5	Once you come here you will never go to another Thai restaurant again.  Put simply,  food and value cannot be beat!
3	Ordered delivery tonight: after reading the reviews online I ordered salmon panang and pad see ewe with tofu (personal favorite). The salmon was extremely dry, harder than fried tofu, with no flavor. The panang itself was good, and next time I'll have to order it with tofu instead. The pad see ewe was great, and I will definitely order again. A convenient and decent option when looking for cheap delivery Thai. Friendly service as well. (Delivered on time - 40 min)
4	food was good as always . papaya salad last time wasn't taste the same as before
3	My husband was craving Thai food so I found this place on Yelp and had to give it a try for dinner. It's more like 3.5 stars...SERVICE: 5 starsThe  gentleman who waited on us was attentive and super friendlyFOOD: 3 starsVegetarian egg rolls - had too much vermicelli noodles and not enough veggies...blandChicken Panang Curry- very authentic tasting but it seemed too watery and itneeded to be thickerPad Kee Mao - good amount of veggies and very flavorful (I liked this dish the best)Spiced green beans with chicken - initially, they messed up the order.  I told them absolutely no spice because the kids were going to eat it.  Maybe a misunderstanding?  Anyways, they were really nice and remade the dish without any spices and it still tasted wonderful.It's located in a strip mall and lots of free parking.  I
5	Great restaurant with a nicely decorated small dining area. I kept reading about the great lunch specials and the free Thai iced tea with check in. So I made my way there today and was greeted by a very nice gentleman who quickly serviced my table and obliged me with me free Thai tea with check in. They started me with a yummy little soup and I ordered the green curry chicken lunch special for $5.50; it came with a chicken potsticker that had a yummy sauce. I ordered my curry a 6 and took half of my nicely portioned lunch to go. It was so spicy my ears starting tingling and my lips were lightly singing. Lol. Definitely a delicious spot to visit and re-visit. Love it!!!
4	Good food with good service. Small place and better suited for take out.
4	My car keeps coming back here. I can't explain it. I got rid of that car, got another one, came back once more and now the new one keeps coming back. How can this be? It's due to service with a smile, good prices, but most important of all it's just good food. I've been stuck on a cashew nut chicken kick for a couple of months now and I know I need to branch out. But if you're having a stress filled day at work sliding into a chair at TFTG and having a glass of Thai Tea and a plate of hot Thai food works wonders at adjusting one's attitude for the remainder of the day. 4 Stars. The only thing keeping them from 5? They only have 2 bottles of soy sauce and 2 of the little baskets with the peppers and such to share among the tables. But beyond that...it's just good. If you've passed this place up due to it's location and end up at one of the most overrated Thai places in America, you're missing out. Make the drive, check it out, remember to ask for some medium to hot heat and enjoy the experience.
4	Visiting Vegas and used YELP. Clean, good food. Had lunch and very pleased with price and food. Would recommend. You will not be disappointed.
5	This hole in the wall is not to be missed!  I came here for lunch. The place is really small about 4 or 5 tables. Lunch wasn't that busy today. I ordered the green curry with pork. It comes with your choice of steam rice or fried rice and egg roll or pot sticker. I recommended the pot sticker. So tasty! Last but not least a salad too! All for $5.00! The food was so flavorful and the spice was just right. I got a level 4. The portion was a decent size amount. If you choose to dine in you get a free Thai tea! Well definitely be back for more!
5	This is my favorite Thai place in Las Vegas. I've tried a lot of Thai places and this is hands down, the best I've had yet. The food is seasoned and the prices and portions are a plus. I also LOVE supporting local business and this is one of them. No frills in the dining area, the food is the gem. PROS:Chinese brocoli & crispy fried porkSpicy Catfish - boneless fried catfish with fresh vegetables in a light spicy sauceChinese sausage & bbq pork fried rice - seasoned perfectlyPork eggrolls - packed with meat and fresh friedService - with a Thai smilePrices & Lunch Special menuFree Thai tea with Yelp check inCONS:If you eat inside you'll notice the place could use a facelift (it looks more like a carry out)
4	Yo this shit was off the hook. I had this duck curry stuff that tasted like it was prepared by celestial thai virgins. And damn son did they keep my iced tea glass full the whole time. Only thing though is I thought a spicy 7 would be more spicy then it was. I'll prolly hit it up again.
5	A coworker and I  were burned out from the strip. Checked yelp for a mom and pop food  place.  This was the first place that popped u.  Small thai food restaurant. Place was very clean upon entry.  Food came out very hot and fresh. Tom Yum soup was delicious! Had the pad thai chicken and was also very good. Food can be prepared extra spicy on scale from 7 to 10.  Free thai iced tea if you check in.  Server was so nice to refill my thai iced tea when I left.  about 6 miles from the strip.
3	Good food, their "spice scale" is crazy, though! I have been eating Thai food for over 35 years and have never encountered a place like this (a month later in Beaumont, CA ran into the same thing, though!).My husband and I each had a lunch special. This comes with a soup of the day, which was Hot & Sour soup. Okay, I've had that hundreds of times at Chinese restaurants, never at a Thai restaurant. I would say it had a spice level of about 3-4, noticeable after it builds for a while, but tolerable.I ordered my Red Curry "very Mild," but not "zero." It was spicier than the soup! I made it through eating it, but just barely. My husband ordered his dish (can't recall what he had), "medium."  I thought they must have gotten our orders mixed up in spiciness. Then I overheard a young man telling his friends that he had the night before ordered a dish spiced to "4." (maybe out of 5 instead of 10??) He said he could not eat it, it was so hot.All this to say, be careful of how you order. Over all, I would say the food is slightly above average Thai restaurant food. The prices are great and they have a Yelp check-in deal to get a free Thai Iced Tea!  The service is friendly. The restaurant is tiny, tiny! I would probably try some other restaurants before going back, but I would not say to not try it. You might have a different dish that is terrific.I just am trying to find Thai food as good as I used to eat 25 years ago in Vegas or 35 years ago in California !
5	A dear friend turned me onto this place.I've been looking for good, authentic Thai for some time and this place fills the bill! First time out had the green curry with duck. I don't often have duck, but I thought why not try it in curry?? It was fabulous! There was a generous amount of the delicate bird throughout and plenty of veggies too. The portion was easily enough for two meals. I believe I ordered 5 on the heat scale, I don't recall as there was poolside beer drinking involved, but the heat was just right, not overwhelming. If you have it for dinner, add the leftover rice to the remaining curry so it will soak up all the delicious heat!I did get hooked on the green curry and had it again on my 2nd go, but this time with chicken, same level of heat. Out of this world! It's so convenient and we had our orders delivered very fast. I want to go in and sit down for some Pad Thai, and a nice glass of Thai ice tea so I can meet these folks in person to heap praise upon them and their culinary talents!!!
3	Enjoyed lunch with friends and wanted to try this after all of the great reviews.  Plus, you get a free Thai Iced Tea with a Yelp check-in.I tried the Chinese broccoli with crispy fried pork.  The broccoli was nicely done, but the pork was more like chewy beef jerky.  Decent flavor, but a bit difficult to eat.I'd like to try them again and try the lunch specials - they look like a great deal at $5.50 a shot.
2	For a place called Thai Food "to go", it is not very "to go" friendly.Went here last night, and my husband recommended calling ahead of time to order food. I declined that, because I didn't want the food sitting in a box, ... I hate that idea.The place was empty, and I had no problem getting ahold of a young lady to take my order. It was also done in a decent amount of time. I paid and was on my way. In the matter of the 15 minute drive home, the deep fried catfish was no longer crispy. The container of my duck soup was overflowing when trying to transfer it to a bowl so I could eat it (noodles were packed separate, and the broth was filled to the top and couldn't handle anything being added to it.)The crab fried rice had no flavor. I was trying to guess the difference between egg and crab....Not a good thing. Naga's crab fried rice has chunks of real crab in it, and is very flavorful....and can have spiciness added to it. When we do come back, it will be for "dine In'' only.
4	Was in Las Vegas for the 4th of July and decided to get some lunch here and I'm glad i did. Staff was very friendly and food was very yummy.
5	Delicious Thai food! We came to visit from Phoenix, and after looking around for a place to get our Thai fix on, we came here. The reviews did not lie, this place is FANTASTIC! The curries have a great flavor and a great kick even at the mildest levels. The chicken satay was delicious, the peanut and sweet chilli sauce was delicious too! The owner was very sweet, he really seemed to care to see that we enjoyed the food. They were pleasant, friendly, filed with smiles, and a wonderful dessert recommendation (do not skip the mango and sticky rice!). Great food, friendly service, great prices!
5	YUM.best green curry I've ever had!Thai iced tea free with check in!  Service was great!Authentic, tasty, and quick!  Girlfriend loved it too.  I will definitely be back when I'm in vegas again.
5	We have been exploring local restaurants lately and we tried Thai Food To Go today for lunch.  We were looking for a good neighborhood Thai place with a lunch special for under $6.00 (their's is $5.50) and we were impressed!  We live closer to Komol but I don't think they have lunch specials. The place was really clean and the owner was really nice and attentive.  Since the place was so small we decided to go after any lunch rush and we had a very enjoyable meal.  I had the red curry which I have recently discovered is almost my most favorite Thai curry, and my husband had the chicken with cashews.  The soup that comes with the meal was very fresh tasting with carrots, cabbage and tofu, so we are looking forward to trying the Tom Yum and/or Tom Kha the next time.  And even more exciting is we live close enough for delivery in the very near future.  Or we can always stop by after we hit Barefoot Bob's....
5	Affordable and good. Plus u get a free Thai tea with check in. Yum!for the money and service, its lower 5 stars :)
5	This place has great food and friendly service. Their $5.50 lunch special is awesome. My coworkers and I usually order yellow curry and we love that they will deliver.
4	The lunch specials are great!
5	Decided to get some thai food while my boyfriend and I were on the Eastside yesterday. Now, I'm pretty picky when it comes to thai food because it's one of my absolute favorite cuisines by far, but we chose this place due to the great reviews. From the outside, Thai Food to Go is definitely a hole-in-the-wall joint. The lady who sat us was very sweet and attentive. We ordered chicken phad thai, panang curry, and the calamari. I was not disappointed.The calamari was tasty and their phad thai was up there with the best I've ever had. The panang was pretty good too. If you're looking for a fancy sit down restaurant, this isn't your spot. BUT if you're looking for VERY GOOD, authentic thai food that is also served fairly quick .. this is a must try!
4	We stopped here last night in between to places we needed to be.  I knew from reading the reviews on Yelp that it was a small place and it is!  There are 5 tables that hold a total of 14 people.  I guess that's why it's named well and they had a number of take out visits while we were there.I checked the daily specials board and saw pumpkin curry.  I ordered it with chicken, spice level 7 on a 1 to 10 scale.  My wife got her standard pepper and garlic chicken which does not have a spice level.  We also got an order of vegetarian egg rolls.  Everything was very good.  The egg rolls were very good and were delivered very hot to our table.  The pumpkin curry was something very different for me and I'd certainly get it again.  I tasted my wife's chicken and it, too, was good and she liked it.  Unlike what she's used to at other Thai restaurants, Thai For To Go deep fries the chicken briefly--no coating--just enough to give a bit of crispness and cooking to the chicken.  A couple of small things.  Being so small, the tables are small.  We would have been better off sitting at one of the two tables for four people because there almost wasn't enough room for the dishes on the table.  Also, we had our egg rolls for about 2 minutes when she came out with our main dishes.  Perhaps I need to ask people to wait, but I really like some time to enjoy the appetizer before having to start the main course.  Again, due to its size, there's no customer bathroom available without going through the kitchen.  We didn't use the bathroom but we noticed one of the customers going into the kitchen to get there.It's a good value for the good food.  I hope to get back.  If it were on the west side of town I'd be there more often but it's almost to Boulder Highway.
5	I love this place! It is worth the drive for some good food. I ordered the green curry and it was awesome but I wish I had ordered the pumpkin curry special as a lady next to me did and she said it was to die for.
4	We've been here 3 times already and we really love the place. The food prices are really affordable. They have good cutomer service. The place is really small but the food were really good. Although, there is not much variety of food to choose from. You can also get free thai tea(no boba) if you dine in and check in at Yelp. Overall, affordable food with good customer service.
5	The Thai iced tea, soup, yellow curry with chicken and brown rice along with great service by Champ made for a tasty and enjoyable lunch today.  We'll definitely be back.
5	Went today for lunch. We had the lunch special. I had yellow curry with fried tofu. It was great. I also had the papaya salad. Both were fantastic. Five stars!!!!!  Also Champ the waiter was very attentive and knowledgeable
5	Small dine in area. Outstanding prices. Friendly staff. Yeah, I'll be coming back here. First time had the pad see eu. Outstanding! It was love at first bite.Despite being a complete hole in the wall the place is very clean. I'm very satisfied with the quality of the food and service. Thanks for existing, guys!
4	There are only 5 tables in this casual restaurant, but we only required one. We shared orders of pad Thai and a special of pumpkin curry with chicken.  The pad Thai was probably the best we have had recently and the pumpkin curry was loaded with flavor.  Prices are very reasonable. .
5	THIS RESTAURANT WAS THE BEST FOOD I ATE IN VEGAS.We were staying on the Strip so it was a trek and we went here after an Asian spa experience on Sahara. It took about 40 minutes by bus to get there and some of the connections were late...thanks RTC. But once we got there, our order was taken and food in front of us happened in span of 5 minutes. We ordered vegetable egg rolls with the spicy sauce (5 for $5? $6) that were perfect for hungry, weary, public transited travelers. Man, they were good. Also, I used the check in offer for a free thai iced tea. It was delicious!For my main, I ordered pad thai ($6.95 for chicken, beef, pork, add $2 for combo) and it was served about a minute after the egg rolls came out. I wasn't asked about it's spicyness but I'd say it was mild, like bbq sauce or a smokey heat. Really tasty! I always love peanuts on my pad thai so I'd love more but it was a good portion of everything. Egg, leek/scallion, peanuts, bean sprout. . .man it was delicious. I ordered another thai iced tea. My bf had drunken noodle at a 5 and it was somewhat spicy but basically everything was just awesome.Five tables, just like everyone else said. Credit/debit accepted. Great service, on the bus line. No complaints. Go there.
5	Super yummy!!! The LH potstickers and garlic white pepper pork was amazing! Definitely coming back. Got food quickly too, also very friendly :)
5	Pad Thai and Pad See Eu were delicious!!! Only bad thing is they close @ 9pm. Maybe because its Monday. Thai Tea was also spot on....prices are super friendly.
5	Authentic delicious flavorful Thai dishes!! When ever I'm on the east side I always make time to stop by and grab some quick cheap and awesome Thai food.. So far everything that I've eaten there has been phenomenal... don't be intimidated by the small dinning area because great flavors can come from small places as long as you have the right ingredients...
5	Me and my family had dinner at Thai food to go. Great food. Good service. I strongly recommend. So full and happy :-)
5	Three words. Amazing Green Curry. Period.Polite and homely owners for the place. Good for veggies too :). Lovely little quaint place serving piping hot amazing Thai food. *on nom nom*
5	Do not let the name fool you. This is not chop shop Thai food. I'm as picky as they come when it comes to Thai food, having lived in places with lots of Thai food and Thai restaurants, where the competition is high and so are the standards.I've lived in Las Vegas since 2009. I've tried sooo many Thai restaurants. This is the first one that had all my favorite items, and they were all PERFECT! The thai tea was PERFECT, not too sweet, not too creamy, and the tea was nice and strong. The Tom Ka Kai at most restaurants is too sweet and creamy and not sour enough. Here is was, again, PERFECT. Most restaurants I've tried in Las Vegas don't even HAVE Drunken Noodles. They had them aaaand they were PERFECT. Lots of crisp green vegetables, the exact right amount of sweet vs salty vs spicy, the exact right amount of basil, perfectly cooked seafood, and the squid wasn't rubbery. The staff are super attentive and sweet. Honestly, this is good as ANY Thai food I've had in LA, Orange County or NYC. And probably better since ALL my favorite things were perfect and not just one or two items. And that is saying a lot. There are only a few tables, as most people get their food to go, but
4	I love this place.It's so small which is probably why they named the restaurant Thai food to go lolThey don't even have a bathroom! It seats like 12.Anyways we always get take out from here for lunch at my office.They can make anything a lunch special if you ask nicely for like $6 dollars.Aside from that their entree portions are big especially for the cost and the food is really good.They have gone through different owners which helped them. I heard they once were owned by the same "Thai style noodle house" people. They even have a few of their staples like the pot stickers, the Tom yum noodle soup, and the crispy chicken over fried rice. I'd say the Tom yum at noodle house is still a lot better.Their yellow, green, and duck curry is good. All of their dishes are good. The fried rice, the noodle dishes, the soups. The only thing I don't recommend is their pad Thai =\ sorry. But who gets pad Thai at a Thai restaurant anyways? :P For the food and cost you can't really beat this place. If you can do it then I definitely suggest dining in even though the restaurant name might suggest otherwise.
5	Oh my goodness! I thought it wasn't going to be that amazing but I have not had this good of Thai Food in god knows how long. Eating in San Diego, Texas and Florida their Thai food has nothing on this little hole in the wall. No matter what you do in Vegas you have got to stop by here and try the food. Place is so nice, quaint and chill but their food is out of this world and spicy. Which is really what we all want when we are eating Thai. Try it, Love it, Pass on the good!
5	This place is amazing. A true authentic thai food restaurant.  However, we always order for delivery.   Delivery service always on time and always kind customer service.  Food always at its best... never fails to please the palate.  Garlic crispy wings ... oh so geeeeewd, a must try.
5	This is a small "hole in the wall" restaurant that's family-run, with a husband-and-wife team in the kitchen. Having lived in Bangkok for a year of my life, I tend to be a real snob about Thai food. However, I was extremely impressed with Thai Food To Go!I can only comment on the two dishes I had -- chicken pad see ew and yellow curry chicken -- but both were outstanding. The pad see ew was made exactly the way it is in Bangkok, using Chinese broccoli (essential), and the flavor was outstanding. The standard Thai condiments that are supposed to be served with this dish were on the table just as you'd find in Thailand. The yellow curry was also delicious -- some of the best I've ever had.I give this place my highest recommendation for its quality of food, authenticity and extremely low prices. The couple who run the place are very friendly and deserve your business. They're serving some of the best Thai food I've had anywhere at borderline fast food prices. Big thumbs up for me!
5	Very pleased with the service. Friendly, attentive, and fast. I had vegetable egg rolls and Pad Thai. Pad Thai was exquisite. Not too oily or too dry, just perfect. Just the right amount of food on the plate, the tofu was baked to perfection and made the flavor stand out. The egg rolls were crispy but not over fried and not oily either.  Definitely coming back and recommending it to friends.
4	The staff was incredibly friendly and smiling and helpful and seemed like genuinely nice people.They took extra efforts to decipher and look up a food item i was curious about that i couldn't remember the name in Thai language. Then they took it a step further and translated it for me into English.  Pok bong (sp?) is apparently morning glory. Maybe the stems are safe to eat (though I've heard stories about the flowers).The food was prepared incredibly fast. awesome.I'm eating some tom yum soup right now and it is nice. honestly it has a hint more salt then i would like but almost every soup at every restaurant i have ever eaten at except one place tastes a little salty to me. so perhaps I'm just sensitive to this flavor. The lemongrass tangy goodness is divine and the vegetable stir fry is quite fresh and crunchy and veggies are cooked to a nice bright green. I'm liking the papaya salad too. I ordered a 5 spiciness on a scale of 1-10 thinking that Thai standard would be a bit hotter, so I'd better hold back a bit. but I'm not finding it very spicy. so i think this spiciness scale is well fixed for an American pallet. I have a lot of flavor in my food  and just the slightest hint of spice. no after burn to speak of.the restaurant dining area is small and uncomplicated. There is a pretty mural of boat people on the wall and some Thailand t-shirts. There are only a few tables available. The ambiance to me it is more of a convenience eating space for patrons because there is a sign that says no bathrooms.. so that means it is strictly a take out place for me.. i prefer to be able to wash my hands before/after eating. The second half of the restaurant's name is "to go" however, so i was actually surprised to find a dining area at all.
5	There is something bittersweet about eating at a really good restaurant in a city that you don't live in. On the one hand, it's always nice to have a great meal. On the other hand, knowing you won't be able to eat it again for a long time sucks. However, in the case of Thai Food To Go, it more than sucks. It *fucking* sucks.I'm going to try and make it through this review without crying, even though I have no idea when I will be in Vegas again, and way more importantly, get to eat Thai Food To Go agai-- dammit, I said I wouldn't cry!Ok. Just a few more paragraphs to go. I can do this. Nevermind the fact that every time I eat any other Thai food restaurant I hurl the plates of inferior, Americanized Thai food against the wall in a fit of inferior-Americanized-Thai-Food-Induced-Rage. And that I dream of the Kana Moo Grob every night. And that I can never eat sticky rice with mango or drink Thai tea without thinking, "Thai Food to Go's was so much better". It's like hooking up with someone way out of your league but only one time. It was great and everything, but for the rest of your life you will always compare every other person's bod-- Fuck it. The tears are making the keyboard too slippery to type. Suffice to say this place is amazing and has forever ruined Thai food for me. Goddammit.
5	Awesome sauce PERIOD! OMG i love hole in the wall thai spots. The food was spectacular, and service was good too. 10 stars all around on everything. You have to get the Thai tea. The mango sticky rice was a bit salty but the sweet & sour soup made up for it YUM! go go go now! Your life will never be the same. When it comes to thai food anyway.
5	Very happy with what I got here! As others have mentioned take it very easy when order spicy food as they like to throw bunch of it in. Had taken that into consideration and still was a touch hot. Ordered the chicken pad Thai and was very pleased. Had good amount of spice and tasted very nice. The ambiance, for a Thai restaurant, was actually quite nice. The seating area was a little small, maybe 7-10 two person tables. The waiter was quite good, and gave couple tips. The price was quite good also. Have paid more and been dissatisfied quite often, but not with this place!
5	Great service and super delicious food! Def will come again and again!
3	We ordered three items. Two very good... One not so much... The potsticker appetizer was very good!! I would be tempted to make a meal of those! The crispy pork with Chinese broccoli was ehhhhhh-- would not order it again-- figure that was a mistake order!! For dessert, we had the mango and sticky rice-- it was very good!! We will come again and try other entrees.The check-in Thai tea was fair... Okay for the price.
5	This is a super late review but I HAD to tell my fellow yelpers how amazing the food here is! Last June I planned a Vegas Bachelorette Weekend for my best friend's sister. The group of about 12 girls stayed in penthouse & adjoining suites at the fabulous Platinum Hotel Las Vegas. Everyone checked into the hotel on Saturday and were set to check out on Sunday. Games & male exotic dancer were all set for early evening in the main suite before the group headed out for their VIP Club Tour & Limo Bus. Since the bachelorette party would be in the suite, the bride requested to have her favorite food catered for dinner. Platinum hotel rooms have LARGE kitchen space with wrap-around counters and dining table...and the penthouse space was perfect for the dinner. I immediately went to yelp since i'm from LA and not familiar with local restaurants...I called Thai Food To Go a few days before arriving to Vegas and told them of our budget for food for the party...they were more than accommodating and agreed to deliver the food. I don't remember the name of the person I spoke to, but he delivered the food ON TIME himself and everything was DELICIOUS!!!! All of the guests were so pleased with everything we ordered (Pad Thai, Pineapple Fried Rice, Yellow Curry, etc.)...and most importantly the bride was thrilled! There was SO much food left over that the girls continued to eat everything the next day for breakfast/ lunch lol
5	Im so happy my husband found this place! At first I was skeptical, the way he described it made me question this place. One day I was craving thai food so he found a reason to bring me here. I ordered green curry with eggplant, hubby ordered drunken noodles and my 7 yrs old son had the orange/lemon chicken which all of em were really really good! Service was lovely and we found out they deliver too! Definitely will come back!
4	Food was really good, I can't wait to go back. Prices are good too... Make sure to visit this place...
5	Food is amazing! Great service & the food gets on your table within 5 minutes of your order (: love it!!Xo
5	Absolutely delicious Thai food. Got the Pad see ew, drunken noodle, cashew chicken, green curry, and egg rolls. Nice sized portions, good prices, and they delivery quickly! Highly recommend.
5	Best Thai food I've ever had. Hands down. Everything was perfect. Service was on point. I don't remember what we got, but I'm pretty sure it's one of those places where it really does not matter because everything is mind blowing. I was there with my best friend in the whole wide world, her birthday is today, and a pretty chill dude. I guess you could say the company was just as good as the food. Alright, so the food wins. But the company was definitely up there. HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
5	I definitely want to write about this place on the basis of multiple reviews. However, I also like to chronicle my experiences on the same day so that I don't lose the little details.Had about half an hour for lunch and decided to try to sneak in my first visit to Thai Food To Go. Yelp showed a dine-in offer for free thai tea, so I defied half of the restaurant's name. Luckily, I went with a Thai option off the lunch specials menu instead of picking one of the options that would have spit in the face of the other half of the name.My heresy earned me not only the thai tea, but also the delicious soup of the day that was quickly brought out. It was sour in a very good way, reminiscent of a Vietnamese soup that I enjoy. Cabbage, mushroom, tomatoes were all part of this pleasant surprise.Just as I was finishing my soup, the main event arrived. The chicken potsticker (my preference over my mortal enemy the veggie egg roll) was delicious, and the sauce on it was, strangely enough, not mayonnaise-y. My choice of fried rice was very fortunate because it was basically eggs mixed into white rice, so you get the eggy bonus without adding unusual flavors. My beef red curry was very good and had tons of properly cooked, crunchy green beans in addition to the red and green peppers. Unfortunately, it seems that I got the "Asian person" mild spice level, testing my rather sensitive tongue. This didn't detract from my experience, especially with some Thai tea available to help quench the fire, but it probably slowed me down a couple minutes.By the way, the Thai tea was definitely as solid as any other place, and the final bill of $6.45 makes the experience pretty much a steal. And it only took 35 minutes out of my day,  including driving time. Guess I'm gonna come back a lot!
4	Good value Thai.
5	Super sweet mom and pop joint. Food is always great. I recommend their pad see ew, papaya salad Lao style.
4	The service was fast, friendly and helpful. I ordered the pad Thai and requested no fish sauce which they were kind enough to accommodate me.  I was impressed with the flavor and how every bite to the end had the peanuts and bean sprouts.  The presentation wasn't the best only because everything looked the same color but that's just a personal preference to me. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for Thai food.
5	Absolutely incredible. Definitely a hidden gem of the east side of town. Food is deliciously fresh and well prepared and the service is excellent. The prices are also very low for the quality/service.
3	Had the duck curry and it was pretty damn good, except the carrots were kind of stale-ish idk i took them out, carrots were not good at all. So I usually drink water when i go to restaurants and this place by far had the worst water I've ever drank in my life no kidding I should've ordered a Coke.. But I ended up getting a lemonade and they were serving it in like a homemade pitcher it was kind of weird and it wasn't exactly grandmas finest lemonade either.Food- Great besides the carrots.Drinks- absolutely horrible 3/10 would bring own.Staff is very nice though.
4	Great flavor and on the spicy side.  I normally order medium hot or number 5 from any thai place.  This places version of number 5 is more like a 7 or 8.  It was very yummy.  The pot stickers were also great.  Everyone inside was very friendly and helpful.
4	Very friendly place. I love that it's small and cozy. Pumpkin curry and roti are my favorites! Don't expect anything fancy but do expect true authentic Thai food.
5	I've only tried a few dishes for take out, but I loved them all.  Each had it's own distinct Thai flavor, with wonderful spicyness levels.  The Thai Beef Salad had more beef than lettuce!  Which I thought was awesome.  The cucumbers, onions, tomatoes, and cilantro were perfect with the fishy, vinegary, mouth-watering dressing.  The veggie egg rolls were a great starter, not too greasy, with a tasty dipping sauce.  Though the Pad Thai had become one huge clump of noodles by the time I got home, the flavor made me not mind.  I tore that noodle cake up and it was fantastic.  The service is sooo fast and chill, kind and down  to earth.  I recommend it 100%.
5	Ok if you look at how many times I have been here guess I need to update. The family in this place is Sooooo cool! We aren't afraid to ask for something to be changed, maybe a little more ginger or a little less bamboo. Whatever it is they are gracious and helpful. Their menu is diverse and tasty. I have been making myself step out of my habits and try different things. Its a small space but they can seat groups with some imagination ;) I cant think of any place I like to go quite so much. Thanks guys, you rock!
5	By far the best Thai restaurant I have tried.The pricing is about average compared to other Thai restaurants, but the quality and quantity of food is much greater.I ordered for a delivery to a specific office at UNLV (which is difficult to find sometimes), the delivery was timely and efficient.Most Thai places have a lot of curry sauce and very little vegetables and rice. Thai Food To Go has a good ratio, so I don't end up eating "curry soup." It's actually a lot more vegetables than other Thai restaurants.I'm a vegan, and was super duper happy that they had vegan options for curry and spring rolls. :D
4	As the name suggests, this is not a place that screams nice sit down meal to impress a date located in a run down strip mall on Desert Inn Road, but your aforementioned date would be indubitably impressed if you brought their food over to her place and curled up to watch a nice romantic movie such as Thai-tanic or any within the Thai-light Saga if she happens to be a fan of Thai-lor Larb-ner (my apologies for the pad thai puns, alas it couldn't be helped).While Archie's and Pin Kao are familiar Thai lunch staples to the Vegas locals, this hidden gem on the east side of town excels in value and authenticity.   To start off, you automatically knock off a few bucks simply by checking in on Yelp and receiving a complementary Thai iced tea, an always refreshingly cool, creamy, and sweet beverage to neutralize even the spiciest of meals.  One then has the options for the $5.95 lunch specials which include choice of main entree, soup of the day, steamed or fried rice, and veggie egg roll or chicken pot sticker.   The standout option is the green curry.  They are not shy on spice, so my advice would be to order at about 5-6 if you like spicy, and titrate upward with the dry chili flakes at your table since that is essentially what they add to increase the spice level.  My experience with 7 or higher is that the spice overpowers the other flavors and it is not a pleasant experience, especially if you are ordering noodles or fried rice since you can at least extinguish some heat from the curries with steamed rice.  Whereas Pin Kao is heavy handed with the coconut milk and Archie's can be a tad on the oily side, the curries here are remarkably balanced and packed with vibrant and distinct flavors from the herbs and spices.  All the meats and vegetables components are fresh and well-cooked with toothsome textures.   A few items I've tried off the beaten path include the spicy crab noodle (think vinegary pad thai with bits of spicy crab), thai bbq chicken served with a side of papaya salad and sticky rice (aptly named "the three buddies", there's probably a food porn joke somewhere in here involving the words threesome and sticky, but I will keep this review PG), and the crispy fried pork (good flavors but way too salty).  The noodle soups are unmemorable and the one dish to avoid at all costs is the mee krob.  I've been wanting to try a solid rendition of mee krob (roughly translates to "crispy noodles") which is akin to hong kong style pan-fried noodles topped with a meat/vegetable starchy gravy but having a sweet acidic component and using rice noodles instead of egg noodles, yet the rendition here uses cheap chow mein noodles and drowned with a msg-laden sauce that reminds me of a premium bowl of cup-o-ramen.  I'm going to pretend this dish never happened.  Based on other yelper's photos, the whole fried tilapia topped with a spicy mango relish and the mango sticky rice look pretty legit so they are on the agenda for future visits.  All in all, a solid local mom/pop Thai joint that is easy on the wallet, loaded with authentic flavors,  and hits the spot if you are looking for a quick bite or as a solid take out option on the east side of town.
4	Great little place! We had chicken panang, pad Thai, BBQ chicken fried rice and it was delicious! I'm a little disappointed they don't have a bathroom.
5	The food here is really good and I am picky and very critical with food.  It's very good, refreshing, and good prices!Come and try it, you will have a new favorite place to eat.Enjoy!
5	Amazing Thai food. Free Thai iced tea with check in! Our server was very attentive and courteous. Will be back again.
5	This became one of my go-to places to eat in the area. The food is cheap and tasty. I'm not a Thai connoisseur, but I feel I've had a wide variety of Thai food before- from good to very mediocre. This place is good. It's a little hole in the wall that serves tasty and authentic (to a Taiwanese guy...) Thai food. I liked the duck curry a lot, and their pad see ew is quite good too. And despite the name, you can eat at the restaurant, which is nice.
4	I was here for their lunch special. I have been to Thailand multiple times growing up and love Thai food. I didn't expect much of this place given the setting and the price. But I was pleasantly surprised. It's tasty, pretty authentic, and with good Thai flavors. The food is on the spicy side so go lower on the spicy numbers and you can always add more.
5	It's my first time ordering here and maaaaaan lemme tell you, the lunch specials are pretty damn amazing! I ordered yellow pork curry, comes with vegetable spring roll, and some little salad on the side for only $ 5.50. It tastes really good! And the best one of all is the mango sticky rice priced at $ 4.50 each. It's good for two people but I consumed it anyways. :D
5	This place has some of the best Pad Thai (my favorite) noodles that I have had in a long time. I ordered the one with crab in it. The best part is that the noodles werent too oily (like in many other Thai places) I will definitely order from here again, too bad they dont open any sooner.
5	Very Good food! We are half thai family and the flavors are very authentic. Will come back on our drive back to phx. No bathrooms available
5	They delivered to me even though the hotel I was staying at was greater than their delivery radius.  Delivery was quick and the food was tasty. I ordered the duck curry and pad see ew.  Good sized portion for the price.  Next time I'm in Vegas and I am too lazy to leave my hotel, I will definitely order from them again!
5	Ok rarely i give 5 stars for places nowadays but this place had impressed me. Despite the location and size of place, the food is really good. It is probably my favorite thai restaurant in town now. Quick note: FREE iced thai tea with YELP check in and showing the waitress. Strong flavor without the overwhelming sweetness. A little "too" much half & half though. My friend and I had came here for lunch finally after hearing people raving about this place for a while. Prices are VERY good considering the quality you are getting. Lunch specials are $5.95. Typical items on the menu are mostly under $10. Even their specialty fish items are like $12. Wow ! My friend had ordered a Green Curry w/ Chicken Lunch Special with fried rice and potsticker and a house vegetable soup. Spicy level 7. - $5.95 - Good spice and flavor. A little strong on the coconut milk. Overall, great combination. The potsticker was nice and crispy. (note you only get one. i dont know about you, but i was kind of surprised LOL). Overall a decent portion size for a lunch special. I was surprised how much curry you get. Usually in other thai restaurants, you get in a smaller bowl (rice bowl size) I had ordered a normal Pad See Ew with chicken - $6.79? - good portion size. The dish was cooked very well. Lots of chinese broccoli flowers and stems. Noodles were cooked perfectly with a good amount of flavoring. Noodles weren't all in small ity-bity pieces. Shows the chef skill in cooking this type of noodle. Good "wok flavor" for those who know that term (familiar with a good quality item cooked in a wok). Overall, very happy with this experience. Would love to come back again for the same items (like spice level 10 !  ! )  if not try other things. ! Unfortunately, they ran out of mangos so we didnt get a mango sticky rice dessert to finish the meal off.
5	Why did I not come here sooner?! Thanks to fellow yelpers for steering me in the right direction! Finally decided to try Thai Food To Go due to the awesome reviews and boy am I glad I did.First and foremost, when you check in with your Yelp app, you get a FREE thai tea. So just show the waitress! The thai tea wasn't too sweet, which was great. I hate drinking diFor the $5.95 lunch special, you get your choice of dish and meat with steamed white rice or fried rice (which wasn't really fried rice, more like mixed rice), soup, and one pot sticker or spring roll. I opted for their green curry with chicken and fried rice and pot sticker. They have a spicy scale of 1-10 and the lady who took my order suggested 5 since she said it was pretty spicy. But I LIKE SPICY SO I WAS LIKE, LEVEL 7 PLEASE. You thought I was going to say 10 huh? HAHA! My friend got their pad see ew since that's usually my favorite dish so this way, we could share. The food came out FAST. Which was awesome because both of us were starving. The surprisingly, the portions are pretty huge. I was surprised how much curry they gave you for the lunch special. The curry was yummy. It was spicy but not TOO spicy. But then again, I can take the spice. It was so good. I just couldn't stop eating. Though, next time, I think I would much rather prefer steamed white rice over the fried rice. And I will get a 10 next time (: The pad see ew was equally yummy. It was delicious! It had the perfect flavor and aroma to it. They stir fried it really well too. Overall, amazing food for the price! I definitely want to come back. In fact, I MISS IT. I MISS IT SO MUCH I wanna go back ASAP. Haha but first, need to find time.So give it a try :D AMAZING FOOOODS!
5	Nice place... Good service... Close to vegas... Ordered tom kha , green curry, drunken noodles... Nice food
5	Excellent food... Loved it...
5	The food is so authentic..especially the yellow curry. Padthai was delicious, similar to what I had in Thailand. Garlic and pepper chicken was fragrant and crispy. EXCELLENT for quality and value of money.definitely a must eat when I'm in Vegas. I was planning to come back again tomorrow...but it's only opened at 11 am where I would already need to drive back to Los Angeles. Otherwise I wanted to try the penang curry salmon and tilapia fish with mango salad.
5	We discovered this place on Yelp, and had a very nice experience there. The exteriors are ordinary, and even from inside, it felt like a small, family-run restaurant. I must say that the food was very good and the host was fairly warm. We had ordered Pad thai noodles, Drunken fried rice and Penang veg curry. A word of caution - even at spice level of 5/10, we found the food very spicy even to our Indian tastebuds! We still liked the food and finished all of it :) We had found an offer for free thai ice tea on Yelp check-in. Generally I have seen merchants limit such offers to only one per table, but she herself asked for number of check-ins, and gave us 3 tea. By the time we finished the food, we were pretty full, but the bill was still under 6$ per person. Overall a very nice discovery, definitely going back there next time we visit Vegas.
5	Awesome! Officially my new local benchmark for simple, delicious Thai at a very reasonable price. Thanks to Chris V. and Bronson K. for reminding us of it!Loved the Red Curry, Green Curry, and Tom Yum Soup. Nice creamy curry consistency. Speaking of consistency - this is a one-off mom+pop shop that knows what they're doing. Their food will come out consistently great, visit after visit.Can't wait to try the rest of the menu!No more 'downtown Thai' for me. This place is well worth the trip if you're already downtown. And their lunch specials ($5.95) look like an incredible deal: soup + spring roll + entree.
1	Been there so many times it's my first time that my service is bad. The guy don't have any personality at all
4	We don't get around to this part of town so this bookmark has been sitting there for a long while. I was dying hungry as I've sat at the hospital all day so I ordered a extra dish for the fiance and I to share. Food came out shockingly fast and piping hot off the woks I can hear in the kitchen. Pork Larb - it was labeled something along the lines of "spicy special salad (larb) on the menu so I missed it at first, disappointed they didn't make it until I saw a Yelp review that ordered it. I really liked the way they do it here. In general, most places are light on the herbal aspects and I appreciated the abundance of mint, cilantro and thin slices of kefir. I normally add condiments to tweak larb at places to my liking but I didn't touch this at all. Love! Green curry with beef - this is a more watery style of curry, but the flavor was definitely there. Lots of carrot, bamboo shoot,bell pepper and basil came along with it so not as much meat, but it's still enough to go around.Pad kee mao/drunken noodles - the flavors of this was lovely, noodles were perfectly cooked and not gummy and the pork was tender.The Fiance tends to lean to a milder spice and ordered a 3 which was spicier than average. It seems they employ using the "Thai spicy" scale than the "White Boy Spicy" most use when they see us ordering. Normally a 3 anywhere else is basically having nothing. I can detect some spice here so spice whimps, beware! I like my stuff as spicy as I can tolerate so the condiment wheel is my friend when dining with my guy . If I ain't wincing and breaking a fierce sweat, I am not satisfied. Hurts SO guuuddd.The girl running the front was very friendly and attentive. The place is pretty small, only 5 tables, probably less than 15 people can dine at once. The prices are cheaper than average (majority of dishes are $7), but probably because they are in a small space in a dead shopping center. On top of the great prices, there is a current check in offer of a free Thai Ice Tea! Just FYI, there is no public restroom. I didn't ask if you can use the kitchen bathroom, but there were no doors leading to a bathroom. There was a sink, however, to wash your hands. This is a solid place. The flavors of everything was fresh and seasoned with a knowing hand.  If I'm ever in the area again, I would definitely stop but this seems to be one of those hole in the walls worth actually coming this way for.
4	Cheap, fast, whole in the wall with quality food and service. Three times so far and have no complaints. Their "fresh ginger" is delicious with chicken. Their spicy chicken wings are really good as well. Tried their chicken satay, very good. Papaya salad was ok bit on the strong side. Calamari was different, big pieces, but very good. Crab fries rice also good but not all of the crab was shelled good enough so sometimes really hard shell pieces.. This place is all around good though, specially if you don't make a reservation at Lotus of Siam, don't want to want but still want yummy Thai food.
4	Love their panang curry with duck and drunken noodles. They offer free Thai tea with yelp check in.
5	EXCELLENT THAI CUISINEI can eat at two different Thai restaurants each week and never repeat myself for an entire year. That's how many Thai restaurants there are in this valley. Many of them are quite authentic and good. Some are super duper fancy with every piece of wood and peg from Thailand. While others may have just a ceiling fan.Besides the prenotions of what constitutes good or excellent, Thai food taste is purely arbitrary. Some think having Thai ice tea, mango sticky rice and pad thai is a complete Thai culinary venture. While I see it as distinct cuisines from different regions of Thailand. I have been to the Kingdom of Thailand three times. I've eaten at food carts no bigger than a telephone booth and at super luxurious restaurants in Bangkok's finest hotels. But nothing beats the street vendors and food malls.This East Desert Inn restauran twith Floating Market mural is the little guy I'm talking about. It's not a place to take a date for the very first time. Of course you can get away with a takeout order. There is always someone waiting at the counter for their takeout order.Ideal for two to four persons, the restaurant seating capacity is fourteen. One young Thai lady is the cashier, takeout order taker, server and buses the tables. Occassionally an attractive middle aged Thai lady with a beautiful smile from the kitchen will deliver the food to the tables. No wasted motions by anyone.It's much too hot this early evening to have soup, so an order of Golden Chicken Wings with sweet chili dipping sauce, Spicy Mint with minced chicken with a small serving of rice, and noodle dish of pork Pad See Ew. The kitchen is quick to produce the food and our small table instantly became covered edge to edge with delightfully aromatic Thai dishes. Finished off the Pad See Ew and the emaining halves of the two other dishes went home. Bill for the evening's dinner that couldn't be finished was $25. Also drank one Thai iced coffee and a complimentary Thai iced tea by doing a Yelp.com check in.Thai Food to Go has been the best Thai cuisine experience since my last visit to Thailand. Excellent portions, quality and most affordable.
5	This place is amazing, Yelp didn't let us down. Really reasonable prices, fresh delicious food, awesome Thai ice tea. I've had the Pad Thai, Drunken noodles and pineapple fries rice - all are to die for. We always get the thai iced tea too, perfect amount of sweetness. Get the pot stickers as an appetizer, they're delish!!You definitely won't regret a trip here!
4	Awesome food.   Excellent cook.  Veggies cooked just right.  Large portions.   Best thai in the area so far we've tried.  No restroom, hence 4 stars.
2	I was in LV for the night and did a yelp search for the best Thai in the area and this place popped up.  I ended up ordering several things off the menu to-go.  Overall it took a long time for the order to be ready.  The customer in front of me said she had been there for over an hour and her meal still wasn't ready.  So that was a negative.  Got back to our hotel and tried all the dishes.  Overall they were ok to pretty bad.  Not even close to the quality of Thai we have in Seattle.  I am not sure why this place has such a good rating...
4	This was another great place thanks to Yelp!!! I was in the area for a doctors appointment and I was craving some Thai food. Yelp saved the day again! Talk about hole in the wall place! I absolutely love little unassuming restaurants. Once I walked in I knew it would be tasty. They only have maybe 6 tables, but it just adds to the whole experience. Not only is this place unique, but it's very budget friendly! It was just over $20 for two entrees, an appetizer and two sodas. They have a pretty large menu and some really good lunch specials as well. Joel and I both ordered the pad see ew (mine had beef & his had pork)  and we also ordered the veggie egg rolls. The portions were large and it was full of flavor, but I was a bit thrown off having to add the spiciness myself. Most Thai places have a spice scale. They had four little pots with different kinds of peppers and chili sauces. I just started adding ALL the things. We both really enjoyed the flavors and spices we added. The egg rolls were also very tasty and cooked just right. They didn't fall apart when I bit into it. I'm always looking for another yummyThai place. Thai To Go fits the bill. Don't let the fact that they are small and a little run down detour you from going. They have very authentic food at great prices. Yelp, thanks again for another awesome find!!
3	Usually the food is pretty good .  today the beef and meatball soup was bitter not sweet and there was only one meatball.  the fried rice was pretty good.  this has been our place for rice and noodles but I'm afraid there has been another change in owners .
4	Very good food. Good service and very friendly people. I never had Thai food and this place was very yummy.
4	Food is good & lunch special is a very good deal! 5.95$ for a soup, appetizer, & entree. Small place with no restroom but overall good.
4	solid cheap thai food
5	Wow. Just as good the second time! The Red Curry was a bit thinner than the first trip, but still delicious. Got a Green Curry to go and was pleasantly surprised that it hadn't 'solidified' in the fridge overnight like some Thai and Indian places' curries made with other fattening ingredients. Discovered the awesome tabletop Fish Sauce which can be included as a condiment in your to-go bag.West-siders and Hendersonites, it's totally worth the extra distance to eat here if you're hungry for Thai. The value and taste are undeniable. Quick Tip: The parking lot *is* a little sketchy, so don't dilly-dally getting in/out of your car.
5	Came to vegas for a much needed vacation. Craving some Thai food and came here. I don't know where to begin everything was good. Excellent service! They were very attentive to what we needed..napkins, more water. Never had to ask for it. We ordered pad thai, yellow curry, mango sticky rice, and tom yum soup. Tom yum soup is yummy lol! If you like your food spicy they will ask you what level you would like it. We got the yellow curry at a Level 7 and the tom yum soup at level 5. Level 7 was really spicy for me and the level 5 was still spicy but still edible. I would definitely dine here again the next time I'm in town.
5	Delicious and cheap, the one drawback to this place is it has no public restroom even for customers, which for a place with hot and spicy foods is a little awkward. Additionally, it is in kind of a shady area.I've had a few dishes here. I think my favorites are the pad see ew spicy 7-8, and the dumplings with those sauces on them. They have good solid flavors, large portions, and quick service, keys to having a small "to go" style restaurant.If it wasn't so out of the way, I'd definitely be a regular here, but even then we make the drive sometimes.
4	**Thai Food to Go is a non-descript, mom and pop place serving up tasty Thai food at reasonable prices. My favorite is their Papaya salad but everything here is good. Definitely one of the better Thai places in the area.** I'm trying to become Dutchess of this place (I see you Chris V. and your 20-something check-ins), since I go so often, I thought I'd already have it. Little did I know that it's a favorite amongst Yelpers too. For good reason, this place is exactly what most Yelpers look for: GOOD FOOD, NON-CHAIN, REASONABLE PRICES. I think I've already tried a fourth of their menu. I'm not going to list everything I've eaten here but I'm going to describe some dishes that stood out to me, either bad or good. My favorite is the PAPAYA SALAD, which comes out extra spicy (not just hot, but flavorful). I like the THREE BUDDIES ($9) dish which as the papaya salad, the bbq chicken and sticky rice. They make an excellent PAD SEE EW. See my pictures. They have gigantic FRESH SPRING ROLLS ($7) which are a bit pricey but they're huge. I'm not a huge fan of these, are it's filled with fillers like lettuce, not with meat and herbs. But I like their sauce. And I crave spring rolls, so I always get them, I just wish they weren't so big and weren't filled with fillers. Everything else I've had here is satisfactory to good. They have a decent dessert section too. I've tried their ice cream with sticky rice. It was excellent. Place is shabby, it's geared more for taking out then dining in. But that's ok, I rarely eat there anyways. There's only a few tables, I wouldn't go with a big crowd. The servers and the cook (I think he's the owner) are very friendly.
5	This is one of my new go to spots. The food is great . The portions are large. The staff is really courteous. My favorites are the golden chicken wings appetizer, ginger chicken and pineapple fried rice. If you love Thai tea order the large it is a huge bucket. The delivery is really fast. Sometimes it's a little tough to order on the phone,but it's worth it. And best of all prices are affordable. The restaurant is tiny and has about 6 tables. Again the staff is very courteous.
1	I gave this place two chances. Once for dinner and now for lunch. Got pad Thai last time and panang curry this time.  Both times service was reasonable but food was mediocre to bad. The chicken in the panang curry was overcooked and tastes like it was mass boiled earlier and dropped in the curry before serving. No flavor. Green beans in the curry were raw, not al dente but raw. Fried rice had the distinct taste and odor of old shrimp. Also there is a hair on my plate. The only reason I give even one star is it is the cheapest lunch special around at $5.95 ...that said you are better off paying another $2-3 somewhere else to get dramatically higher quality food...such as a certain place on Fremont or on Sahara.
5	After over a year of searching we finally found a great Thai food restaurant here in Vegas :) My daughter and I ordered:  Green Papaya Salad, Pad See Ew with Chicken and an order of Potstickers. Everything was delicious!! The restaurant itself is small & quaint and very clean. I was also Impressed at how clean the condiment containers were, no sticky residue or build up. The girl who waited on us was friendly and attentive. Our food came out shortly after ordering. I live on the opposite side of town but they are definitely worth the drive  :)
5	There are probably about 100 Thai restaurants in the valley but after coming here, I just can't bring myself to frequent anywhere else! First off, this is a "to go" restaurant that happens to have seats. It's very informal and just be aware that although there is no public restroom, there is a sink so you can at least wash your hands before eating. Amazing flavors and great values! One thing that has changed is that most of the noodle dishes have been taken off the lunch special menu so if you love a pad thai like me, you'll have to get a dinner portion even if you're there during lunchtime. Unless you're on a special date or want a formal setting, there is really no reason not to get your thai food from here. Just don't go crazy on the spice level. I usually just geta 3/10 which is plenty for me!
5	Love this place. Authentic thai food is hard to find. The coconut (thom ka?) soup is amazing!
4	I've been getting Thai Food To Go, to go, for years now. I've never dined in as the inside is small and only has a few tables. Plus the name kind of suggests you should get it to go, and I am good at following directions. :) I've tried the shrimp pad Thai (squirt fresh lemon over the top of this), yellow curry chicken, panang curry, tom kha soup, chicken satay, cream cheese rangoons, pad see ew, and many more items over the years. Everything has always been excellent. Their peanut sauce is sooo good I always get some on the side and eat it with my pad thai or add it to the panang curry. Sometimes I just eat it plain with a spoon. It's goooood. FYI: they are heavy handed with the spice, although  you can pick your intensity 1-10. My last visit I tried the panang curry at a spice level 5 and it was a little too hot for me so take that how you want. While waiting for my food I asked for a large Thai tea and it came in a large styrofoam soup container! See pics. This made me LOL. I really dont have anything negative to say about this place. I will keep coming here when I am in the area.
5	We have been twice in the 4 days we have been in Vegas. The food is great, as is the service! The first time I got pineapple chicken curry. I got the least amount of heat possible. It was still spicy for me but so good I ate all of it anyway with my tongue on fire! I can't handle heat though... My husband got the roasted duck curry, and loved it- his fav so far.Tonight I got the cashew chicken, and I loved it! Not hot at all, just full of flavor. My husband got yellow curry with chicken. He got a level 2 hotness on a scale of 1 to 10 both nights. He can handle heat, and he says it was plenty hot.Loved it! I'm sure we'll be back, and will definitely recommend it!
5	Great prices and great food! Couldn't get much better than that.I asked for my dish to be #2 spicy on a scale of 1-10, 10 being the spiciest and I thought it was pretty spicy but maybe it was just me.
4	Got our first order last night and came away pretty impressed. Really our only complaint was that the amount of beef in our respective meals was lacking in quantity, that's it.The yellow curry with beef had great flavor, and was a definite hit, but was lacking in the quantity of beef, bummer.The pad kee mao was very good and the wifey really enjoyed it. Good flavor, fresh ingredients and the right amount of kick without killing the flavor but needed more meat. (Medium spicy)The fried rice with beef was really good too but was lacking in meat as well. Kids loved it, good flavor and quality ingredients.
3	Was a decent place. Ordered a chicken dish with added veggies. No chicken arrived but was charged an extra $1.00 for the veggies...The food was good, not great. The service was Good, not great. The speed was satisfactory, not great. The portions were exactly correct, dishes, silverware and chopsticks were nice.I'm a little upset about ordering a chicken dish, adding extra veggies, then getting only a veggie dish (no chicken) and being charged for a chicken dish with an added charge for additional veggies. I hope that makes sense.
5	Good food . Tom kah soup was great. Will definitely come back . They deliver on time. Best food delivered at my door step
5	Good stuff, cheap and big portions. Potstickers are awesome! Have tried curry rice, bbq chicken and red curry so far- all good.
1	UPDATESo while my order is cooking, I decide to leave and come back in 15 mins. When I walk back in the lady tells me she's sorry, that they are out of noodles. So now I have to reorder and wait an additional 15 minutes. I certainly hope their food is good, because their service is horrible! I walked in and as soon as the I got to the counter, the lady asked me to give her a minute. I explained to her that it was my first visit and had questions about the curry. 3 times this lady interrupted my ordering to run off and do something else. If she wasn't stopping mid sentence into my order to take another order, she was cutting me off to help another customer. Finally we got down to the level of spice. All the Thai restaurants that I have been to have levels 1 to 4. Out of habit I say 2. Then I ask her what the levels are and she says 1 to 10. So I ask her on a level like that, is 2 even spicy and she says no. So I tell her that I enjoy spicy food but I don't want to burn out my taste buds,  and ask if she could suggest a number based on the information I gave her. This lady looks at me and says 2!So I see now, I'm just going to have to order the 2 and adjust accordingly in the future. Way to sell your business!
5	I had the Spicy combination rice and was more than satisfied. The employees are extremely friendly, the portion of food was great for the price, and the lemonade was good as well.
5	Great food! Great prices! Not in the best location but don't let this stop you from trying this place! Ordered the beef pad Thai, veggie egg rolls, Thai iced tea, and deep fried rice with shrimp. Everything was beautifully prepared and the portions were more than enough for two people. The place was empty when we originally showed up at 1130am, but quickly filled up as we neared 12pm.Pros:Piping hot foodSuper tastyFriendly and attentive waitressCon's:NADATRY THE STCKY RICE WITH MANGO LIKE YOUR LIFE DEPENDS ON IT. :-)
2	I have used yelp quite a bit. It has been very helpful to find good food spots. I have not ever taken the time to write a review before. But this was my third time getting togo form here. The first two times were great. Portion size was very generous and the price was great. But after a long and rough day I decided to order again. When I got home I found that the portion size was almost half what it usually is. I called but the staff didn't really seem to care.If I hadn't had such a rotten day maybe it wouldn't have been such a big deal but I don't think I will be returning. I really feel their customer service and care is lacking.
4	Probably the best Thai food I've had in Vegas! Tasty food, great prices, friendly people. The only thing I might improve is the dining room, as it's not the most comfortable place to eat. If I could, I'd rate this place 4.5 stars, and recommend takeout versus dining in.
1	Chicken pad see eww, and fried wings. Not sure how this place has as many stars as it does.  The food is below average... I had to pour alot of soy sauce and vinegar just to make the food tolerable.I take that back I couldn't even tolerate the food. I only ate a small portion paid the ticket and left.  Terrible food, but the people were nice.
2	From the reviews I thought this was going to be a great experience.  I was at work looking at yelp for food  ideas and this place looked good.  Normally I go to Archi's or I go to Satay but this is closer to me.  So I place my order for panang curry w/beef in the lunch special and get an egg roll and wow it was only $6.55.  I get there and the place looks somewhat raggedy but the woman at the front desk was super friendly.  I get my food, awkwardly she doesn't give me change but I make my way back to the office.  Here's where the issues begin.The serving size of the curry was so small.  Like not just lunch special small but like "am I really supposed to get full from this small".  I ordered a spice level 5 (on a scale from 1-10) and it was like an 8.  I can handle spice and I like spice but that was excessive since I wasn't expecting it.  The beef was akin to beef jerky and was boiled with 0 flavor.  At Satay they have shredded beef integrated into the panang to give it a different texture and and great flavor.  This tasted like nothing.  The curry was ok in flavor but very soupy.  The egg roll was random in flavor with no appetizing dipping sauce.  The fake sweet chili sauce had vinegar (weird).   Overall I had a flavor profile in my head that this didn't meet and I was still hungry. Blah
5	Very friendly, polite, excellent take-out Thai food. We had the pumpkin curry with pork and the drunken noodles with beef,  both were excellent!
