5	I go here all the time for automotive needs but never wrote a review because it was all just standard retail stuff. Went today to get my battery changed. Was helped by a fellow named Anthony who was the "battery expert" according to his name tag. Told him what i needed, he punched my make and model into the computer, recommended a battery and asked if i needed help installing it. Told him yes, he grabbed some tools and we went out to my car. Anthony pretty much swapped out the battery and disposed of the old one himself as well as do an engine/fluid check just because the hood was popped and he was just glancing around anyway. Whole process took around 15 minutes and was extremely professional.
5	It's always hard to find a place where people are friendly and not feel like they are out to just clean your wallet out. My CHECK ENGINE light came on and stopped at TED WEINZ to have it checked. (read my reviews on them) I was unhappy with what they had to tell me So I was recommended to Auto Zone by my friend.I gave Auto Zone a call and talked with a very friendly Joey. (or was it Johnny??) told him my problem and he said come right in.,,,can check it now.I was greeted by Joe with a smile and asked one of the guys to help me out. (I think his name was Tony or Anthony)Tony came right out to my car and hooked up his diagnostic thingamajeeger and then we went right back inside. Put in my info in the computer and told me exactly what I needed.  He told me to take the info to my mechanic and told me what the part should cost.I asked him how much what he did cost...and he said NOTHING.  I said really??????   WOW.....now that is service!!!!!!!  I could not believe that even though it might have taken 5 min...that i did not get charged a ridiculous price like I would have just to check it like Ted Weinz.***and to boot...the guys at AUTO ZONE were pretty hot!  (LOL)go check them out...for good service and hotness.
5	They are always willing to help, offer you different options. I had to buy a car battery there recently and when I told them I didnt have my tool box to change it out and would need to buy the necessary wrenches they offered to come out and do it for me. That was the 2nd time they went above and beyond to help me. I will be back the next time something happens to my car.
1	Worst customer service ever. Was just at the blue diamond store because by battery died.  Before shutting my engine off, I  asked an employee if they will install the battery and said yes. The person at counter sounded uninterested when I approached and just instructed me rudely to go pop the hood so another guy can do a diagnostics. They told me I need a new one. After waiting patiently for another 45 minutes, I was told that the manger said they won't be able to install the battery because it will take 45 minutes for them to do it. He added they cannot spend too much time just doing that for me.  And what am I supposed to do? They said I can buy the battery and install it myself. Why is there no zero star rating - it really deserves a negative!
5	Wife's check engine light came on. Free test showed bad battery.These guys gave me the tools and helped me change the battery right on the spot. Absolutely amazing. Good people Great knowledge.
4	Nobody likes having to go to an auto parts store because usually that means something is wrong with your car! And as a female who knows absolutely nothing about the mechanics of automobiles, it can be even more stressful! I really like this Auto Zone store because the employees are super knowledgeable and very friendly and helpful. I've had to shop here several times and it was so nice to have help and advice. The store is clean and well stocked. A good place to shop if you need stuff for your car.
5	WOW!!! As a woman I tend to feel stupid waking into a parts store but when I walked in to this location I was greeted and asked if I needed help. The man that helped me was Pablo and he was incredible! Pablo brought my son and I around the store to pick up everything we needed. He made me feel like a normal person looking for normal products without questioning me.   It was AWESOME! If anyone needs anything go to this location, see Pablo. I promise he will help you with whatever you need. He is a great manager and awesome part of the team there at AutoZone. The only downfall about this location is that there needs to be a light at the intersection. It tends to make you feel like you are playing chicken while trying to cross Blue Diamond.
4	"Sluts in the Night at Your Friendly Neighborhood AutoZone"The first time I walked in, an Asian girl couldn't take her eyes off me. There was hunger in that stare, a starvation I'd not seen since ladling slop at a downtown soup kitchen. Tall and lean with bounce-me-on-your-lap derriere, my mouth began to water as I waited in a nearby line. Then again, I always salivate when in an auto parts store. I have a sickness, you see. An illness. Men in lab coats with click pens and clipboards call it "The Mod Bug". There's no cure for it really, save for a lack of cash or credit. I'm lucky this place is near me, only a mile or so from my home. Its location is handy when in the midst of repairs or upgrades. Employees here are friendly, helpful and fast. When I brought in two batteries for credit and recycling one even carried them in for me. To date, following several visits, I've purchased cleaners, car batteries, torque wrenches, a creeper, two jacks and a bucket. Unfortunately, I've not seen my Asian admirer since that initial visit. She pines for me still, of that there can be no doubt. I think of her when I'm here sometimes, her gaze still strong in my razor sharp memory. Perhaps our shared time is like that old saying: "Just two sluts passing in the night, neither to ever ravage the other, neither to ever search for their undies come morning."So come here, my lonely one, and make your car and sex life oh so much better.
5	Jesus helped us out with a check engine light and could not have been more friendly or helpful!!! Highly recommend.
5	Thank you to whom ever put this location here. We have had car trouble for the last five days or so. Good ol Ford Mustang, once my baby hit 100,000 miles it was just falling apart. We had to call and order a part it was there on time. The staff was very helpful everyday making sure we had the proper parts and helping us figure out what was wrong with the car even though it wasn't there in front of them. At the end of everything they knew who we were and were happy to help.
4	Free battery check,  Had to buy a new battery (sad face)  but the good news was I had a 60 dollar credit back towards the new one.  (happy face) the only thing I don't like is they just charge you for the felt pad and lube to go with the battery without asking.  Oh well no biggie only 4 bucks but still... you know what I'm saying !? lol   Otherwise great service .  If you need a new battery make sure you check to see if you can get any money for your old battery if you have previously purchased it there.  Go here if you need anything for your auto needs.  Happy yelping xoxoxo
