5	The name is cheesy and doesn't quite demand the same instant respect as Tiffany's or Shane Company but the service and jewelry are both exceptional. My husband found my engagement and wedding band set at this location and was so impressed at the service and quality. Even years after ... We walk in for a routine inspection and the girls recognize My husband and greet him by name. I consistently get compliments on my wedding set, many people asking if it is vintage due to the sculpted nature of it. If you are getting engaged and your girlfriend isn't so obsessed with labels and brands... This is the perfect location to get a fantastic deal on quality jewelry. Ask about the warranties too. Keeps my ring sparking and in good shape :)
1	This store "Jared Vault" is affiliated with Jareds and Kay jewelry and is an outlet store. When we went in to find a diamond ring the store clerk said the ring that we picked out was $2899 and they can discount it through the outlet store where Jareds could not. They discounted the ring down to $1899 and we thought we were getting a great deal so we purchase the ring. After doing some research on Jared's, I discovered this ring was actually $1699. I went down to Jareds to compare rings and pricing. The store clerk at Jareds noticed that my purchase was not as high quality diamonds as the one in the Jared Vault store. My purchase had more of a yellow tint to the diamonds and the price should have been only $1699.Jareds Vault claims they are a discount store where actually they are not. They are ripping people off by saying they can discount jewelry but in actuality they are profiting on the same make and model of the original rings in Jared's.  This was the first and last time I will ever buy any jewelry at this store located in the Mills Mall.
1	I was looking forward to my first time jewelry shopping with my beau, as he offered for a Christmas present.  After meeting a few lovely and helpful sales ladies at Kays and Zales I was hoping to get a really great deal on a dainty diamond pendant I actually liked at Jared, but the sales woman hastily and ignorantly assumed that "because its $300 you shouldn't expect a certificate! " A. I studied with GIA and all diamonds are offered with some basic explanation of their quality and color,  and B. Just because it's (originally over $600) doesn't mean you should make your potential customer feel like their money is too cheap to be worthy of information about the product they're buying..  that's why you work at a crappy outlet mall and I decided not to make an impulse buy on your picked over display case and you made 0 commissions.  Happy new year.
