5	First, I'm picky when it comes to pizza.  I was raised in NY and my parents would probably be mortified if they found out I gave a franchise pizza place 5 stars.  I've just got to be honest and this is my case:1. Drivers are always SO friendly.  A couple times they've offered to stand there with my pizza while I walked my dogs.  ( I usually bring the pups with my downstairs to pick up the food since I'm in an apt complex).2. With ONE exception, my pizza and break sticks get here in perfect condition.  Nothing is too cold, or dried out because it has been sitting out too long, etc.3. I order online.  It is so fast, and convenient for payment.  You simply just check if you are going to pay cash or credit card.  You can add a tip amount ahead of time of you pay by credit card.4.  Last but certainly not least, their pizza tastes wonderful!  I love adding different toppings or getting specialty pies.  If you have a sweet tooth try the cinnamon sticks with icing.  It is pure h-e-a-v-e-n.
1	I ordered a pizza at 10:25, just one pepperoni pizza, nothing fancy, and I did not get the pizza until 11:50. They sent me an email confirmation saying it would be 30-40 minutes, which obviously wasn't the case. When I called to inquire after an hour they simply said it was on it's way, no offer for a coupon or a comp pizza or anything. After taking one bite I'm less than satisfied. It's cold and completely unimpressive. To top it off when I had to sign my credit card receipt the delivery person asked me if thy could have my pen bc they left there's at home. I will never order from them again. There are far too many BETTER pizza places to indulge in.
1	This is not a review about Papa Johns in general.  I love their pizza.  This is a review of their store.Terrible!  Terrible and incredibly rude staff, terrible service, terrible manager, and the worst part, terrible pizza.  The last time I ordered from them, the pizza wasn't even edible and the cardboard broke when the driver handed it to me because the grease had leaked completely through during delivery.  Twice they've gotten my order wrong and they don't do anything to make up for it, I've had an employee hang up on me before even telling me the total for my order or asking if it was delivery/pick-up, and they don't honor the coupons online at papajohns.com.  Go to Domino's if this is your Papa Johns for your area.  I don't even like Domino's and order there now because this place disgusted me so much.
4	Quick delivery and cannot stress enough to register for email deals because i never pay full price.  Savings up to 50% off regular price!
4	Yes, it's a chain. I support local when I can but damn, Papa John's is some good pie. Ordering a pizza is a 2-person job in our house- one to get the pizza, the other to hold the dog. The drivers are always friendly, though- our regular guy even knows the dog by name and talks to him when he drops by. Delivery is always on time, hot, fresh, and delicious. Both the roommate and I are regulars. (Can I say frequent pie-ers? Is that cheesy?)I love the online ordering and the daily specials. You also receive points for online ordering. I almost saw Jesus a few months ago when I came home from a 10-hour shift and found out I had enough points for a free pizza. You can also pre-tip when you order, saving me the trouble of having to scrounge up cash.
4	I'm still a fan of this location for all my delivery needs.  However, twice now I've ordered extra cheese and received no such level of cheese.  If you are a cheese addict like me, you can share in the deep pain when you expect a fix, you pay for this fix, and....UGH, utter disappointment.  I had to write this update for my fellow cheese lovers. When I call now, I remind them that the last two pizzas were scantily clad ;)  My most recent one last night was perfecto!
4	I was staying at Presbyterian Hospital with my boyfriend after surgery and was tired of the food selection downstairs so I thought ..... PIZZA!I checked online for the nearest location  of Papa John's and I called to make sure they could deliver to the hospital and it was no problem.  I placed my order online and in no time I got the call he was a minute away.  When I made it downstairs the delivery man was already waiting on me!  He was extremely pleasant and personable.  I could have sold the pizza four times before I made it back to the fifth floor!  The pizza was still hot and extremely GOOD - we even offered his nurse a piece and she gladly acceptedl.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because I ordered mushrooms on half because my boyfriend doesn't like them and it was on the whole pizza ( I loved it though).
1	Worst experience with Papa Johns ever with this location. Every* time I've ordered delivery it has been incredibly late. This past time was the worst. An order estimated at 30 minutes still wasn't here 1.5 hours later so I called and they claimed it had just left. They called up from the call box once and then left within seconds. (For whatever reason it went straight to voicemail, which I got notification of immediately.) I literally ran down and circled the lot and they were long gone. The store then pretended they couldn't hear me when I called from numerous phones and numbers until finally I interrupted their speech about the promotion and called them out for stuttering since they clearly heard me. (Before that they'd say the special really fast and immediately say "hello? hello?" and hang up.) I will never order from this location again.
1	I received sub par service. My friend got cut off  and rudely spoken to while we were trying to order. All we wanted was a pizza and we have been put on hold for way too long. Don't know what to do.....
4	For nights I want a cheap and quick pie, Papa John's is my go-to. This review is based on many orders for pickup. I live nearby, so I have not experienced delivery service. I have never had any issues with this location. This is your standard papa johns, everything I have ordered is on par with other locations. My order is always correct and ready when I arrive. The brief interaction with the staff here has been pleasant.
