4	I went for to get a new contact lens prescription because mine had run out and I needed to order more. I chose Bell Vision mostly because they are very conveniently located to where I lived in Pittsburgh.When I called to make an appointment they where booked for about a week out which I took as a good sign. My only gripe was that is was a bit of a hassle to get all the info I needed for my insurance since the card was at home with my parents. The women on the phone could have been more helpful letting me know what info she needed. It took a couple of tries to get everything but once I did they took my Davis Vision insurance no problem.The actual eye exam was very good. I have had many eye exams before and he did everything I expected. Dr. Bell was very pleasant and professional.They also order contact lens for me and billed my insurance for them. They shipped the lens directly to my house, which was a major improvement over places that make you go pick them up.They might not have the best supply of frames if you are looking to buy a new pair of glasses, but to be honest I did not really look. It is more of a doctors office then a glasses store.
1	I have been coming here for years. The doctor was always great and the receptionist was super helpful and sweet. They recently got a new receptionist, I had called about ordering some contacts. She tells me my prescription was not good as i hadn't had an exam in over two years. I had been in earlier that year for an exam and also some contacts so i was confused. She tells me that it was just for contacts and that I wasn't charged for an actual exam so no biggie, but the big deal is that days earlier i had ordered 4 new pairs of glasses with the wrong prescription and also i had gone over a year with a bad prescription. It's unfortunate because i had gone in for an eye exam, been told i was getting one, was written a prescription i used to purchase glasses the last year or so. I guess that may explain my recent headaches. Then when I tried to talk to her about it, i was given nothing but yelling and rude comments. I had a repor with the other receptionist and didn't know she had left. So when i asked where she went, as she had been there for many years. She said "she probably left having to deal with rude people like me". I was just shocked at the way i was treated, she was talking over me, telling me that I was done talking, and it was late and i had said enough and she didn't care. it went on and on, she was actually yelling at me! And i hadn't even been upset, just trying to say... hey man this sucks what happened, are you guys gonna reimburse me for all the wrong glasses i just ordered? actually check my vision, I was hung up on before i could come up with any resolve.sad, but never again
