4	Broughton St is a ball ache to get to (if you live in Bruntsfield that is) but offers plenty of unique eateries, cafe's and clothing shops once you arrive.Hosting the eccentric Cafe Piccante (read my review to find out why!) and the schizophrenic Basement Bar (also read review to find out more) to arguably the best coffee vendor in Edinburgh: Artisan Roast, Broughton St is definitely worth a peek and is fully capable of occupying you for a good few hours.An interesting alternative to the centre of Edinburgh's shopping district.
4	I used to live at the bottom of Broughton Street and walking up that hill everyday was the bane of my life for a year. Good exercise though! It's perhaps not as sophisticated as Bruntsfield, but Broughton Street is getting there and is probably one of the up and coming areas of Edinburgh. I love Bliss, a shop full of unique little gifts. Crombies is great to pick up some meat for all your meat lovers and The Bakehouse is great for an afternoon coffee and cake session. Worth a look around as it is only a minute from the centre, and you can tone your ass walking back up the steep hill.
4	Broughton Street is a trek and a half to say the least from where I live, but the exercise is definitely worth it.  It has a unique and varied selection of shops, ranging from a specialist watch repairs shop to Edinburgh best butcher's.  Personally, my favourite is The Bakehouse which serves an amazing and delicious array of baked goods.  However, there are also plenty of bars and restaurants, each serving their own speciality food and drink.  The street also feels like it has a good bit of history to it, with good, solid architecture and well-worn pavements.  So whether you're looking for a haircut, a newspaper of Edinburgh's finest meat, Broughton Street is the place.
3	It needs work. Don't get me wrong: I like Broughton Street. I frequent the shops and establishments regularly and most of those are fine. The street itself needs some beautification, the pavements and houses are looking tired. But on the other hand this is a beautiful preserved street. Old Victorian houses and little independent shops make it work. Some establishments need special mention. Artisan Roast - coffee to order and Real Foods - one of the first organic shops in Edinburgh. An enjoyable street.
