1	My complaint is with the UPS service that I received when I shipped at this store.  I spoke to a business in another state and they asked me to ship a package by FEDEX.  I decided out of convenience to go to the UPS Store near my home.  The staff was very nice and they said that UPS would guarantee to deliver the package the next day.  I paid the rate because it was called NEXT DAY AIR and it was "GUARENTEED" to arrive in 24 hours.  The package was not delivered in 24 hours.  The staff was very apologetic but the result was that a package that was guaranteed to be delivered in 24 hours was delivered in 48 hours.  They quickly processed a refund, but I would rather have had the package delivered on time.I learned my lesson. I will NEVER ship with UPS again.
4	Had a mailbox with them for a few months and I really like their service. They're always really polite on the phone too. Why not 5 stars then? Because they don't seem to be reading my emails. I sent the same email request a couple of times regarding an account info change before I decided to call in myself, and my account info was updated immediately upon calling.
4	Great customer service that was very knowledgeable in the best approach to picking up packages.  I had no clue what I was doing, but they did and it helped.
1	Sign says they open at 8am.. I was in a huge hurry and I needed something printed.  The lady in there made me wait until 8:15.  Terrible!! Just terrible
4	There are few places I loathe more than the post office. I find it worse than the DMV for several reasons, the first of which being who has to go to the DMV anymore? I don't think I've been since I got my Arizona license and while it wasn't the most fun I've ever had, I feel like it's really getting an unfair reputation as the worst government establishment to ever exist, as that distinction clearly goes to the post office.Mailing packages is something I do much more often than going to the DMV and going to the post office (particularly my post office on 20th and Camelback) is enough to ruin your whole day. It's hot, everyone's rude, there's always a long line and it's hard to tell where it stops and starts because people are tying up their loose ends everywhere, nobody EVER has a pen (including the employees which you'd think would be kind of standard), and it's just a generally unpleasant experience all around.  Oh, on top of that, my post office decided they were going to be the only establishment in the world with the operating hours of 8:30 AM - 4:30 PM, despite the fact that I'm pretty sure most of the general public works 8-5. Seriously, whose idea was that? I'm not sure why it took me this long to realize that, unlike issuing Driver's Licenses, OTHER companies can actually mail my packages for me.  Private sector companies!  Companies that compete with other companies! Companies with employees that actually seem to care about their job (or at least not getting fired from their job)! Companies WITH PENS!!!UPS is a good example of one of these companies and this particular UPS is my favorite.  Their employees are very friendly and helpful. On my most recent visit, my package was just barely at the first class weight limit (going over would have doubled my shipping costs) and I wanted to add a card.  The employee behind the counter made some small adjustments to my package (cut some cardboard here and there) to reduce the weight and save me some money, which I really appreciated.  She even gave me a pen to fill out my card!  I thought pens were unheard of in the shipping world and here's UPS throwing them around willy nilly. It was fantastic!Yes, they are slightly more expensive, and their packing services (Where they pack and label your packages for you. Yes, I've done it. Yes, I'm lazy.) can get really pricy, but for your average run-of-the-mill, not-too-heavy package, I'd say the slight cost increase is WELL WORTH avoiding the time and frustration that inevitably comes with a post office visit. Plus, they have pens.
