5	We have been going to Sunridge Animal Hospital since they opened and have never been disappointed. Our girls (two dogs) love going and are never nervous. Most of the office staff know us by name and even those we don't know recognize our dogs when we have been out with them at various places. The doctor's are very good and always follow up with phone calls. We bring our dogs in for baths, which are excellent, and I also recommend them for boarding.
5	Dr Ceballos is the BEST! He treats our 14 year old blind & deaf Pug (who has MANY health issues-hypothyroidism, allergies & constant ear infections) & our four cats as though they were HIS OWN pets. Our pets are our babies so I have searched high & low back in PA and especially here for the best vet possible & we hit the jackpot! He is so down to earth, genuine, kind & TRULY loves all his patients as though they were his own & advises for what HE would do for his own many pets at home. Unlike most doctors, vets & most businesses & people in this town he IS NOT about money. Our 14 year old Pug-Pugsly was vomiting, oversized stomach & very lethargic & the bloodwork & ultrasound over 2 days was getting scarier for possible gall bladder/liver/pancreas problems. Instead of keeping him & possibly doing gall bladder surgery & getting the $$ for it, he said I could take care of him here but I would prefer he go to the Internal Medicine Specialist surgeon instead because I remove a few gall bladders in a month/few months & they specialize & do them all the time. He followed up calling them every day for his 3 1/2 day stay to check on how he was doing & spoke to me in non-doctor casual terms as honest & frank as he ALWAYS is & gave me his opinion on the situation constantly-just as if it was his own dog. I trust him to make all of our decisions with our animals. Hands down the best vet in Vegas & best vet probably in the country! The place is sparkling clean, the staff are SUPER friendly, caring, VERY loving to EVERY animal & truly love their jobs-that's a VERY rare find in Vegas, I've seen a few of the other vets he has there & they are very good also & also caring. It's worth coming from ANYWHERE in Vegas (even with the cost of gas these days!) to take your pets to Sunridge Animal Hospital. They're prices are the same if not cheaper than most vets in town & they are always running specials. I'm not a relative or employee AT ALL-just a VERY VERY happy, over-satisfied & relaxed pet owner with the health care, treatment & loving care that our pets receive. I write this laying in bed next to my happy & getting healthier by the second with medications for Pancreatitis baby Pugsly who I just picked up from the Surgery Center a few hours ago. The surgery center wanted to send him home today & manage the infection & new diet at home but-as much as I've missed him & was dying to have him home in bed between my husband & myself-I would not get him until after Dr. Ceballos spoke to our Internal Medicine Dr. & called me to say he agreed & would bring his own pet home if it were him-that's how much my family & I trust him. Our youngest boy cat, Domino, who was a farm cat stray that we took in with his sister at the same time, we brought them into a house with a very fickle, scaredy cat, super docile chicken & dominant of the household mostly Maine Coon cat (stray after someone abandoned him) & our very accepting other female farm cat stray. The younger, half the weight & size boy Domino was torturing, chasing & beating up our big cat, Tahoe-after being scratched, bit & him biting his own tongue to make sure he wouldn't swallow calm down pills (he is super gentle & never scratches or bites-other than with medicine) & him oozing out & all attempts to spit out the liquid version we resorted to declawing the front paws at 3 years old. We had our older female, Lucky, declawed also when she still about a year old because she had such strong paws & was such a lover that when she kneaded anyone it would break skin & hurt bad & it broke my heart-by our old vet back in PA. She went through two of the most painful rough weeks I would not wish on my worst enemy. She is still very sensitive about her paws being touched. Very apprehensively we had to declaw Domino for Tahoe & the other cats safety or find him another home. OMG!! Night & day difference. Walking like normal & jumping that same afternoon of surgery & hardly any pain. Dr. Ceballos did the BEST job EVER. Domino is MUCH MUCH more calm, chill & maybe once every few months will chase one of the other cats up the stairs but no aggression or fighting. Dr. Ceballos is the best-I could tell hundreds of stories & give hundreds of examples of how in just 3 years 1 month of living here!
5	Great office!!! They take care of both of my cats, Legion and Dexter. When Dexter became ill with pancreatitis and required hospitalization, they treated him with great care and right away. It's nice to go somewhere where they treat your pet like one of your children. I've been to so many clinics that won't even touch an animal without a credit card deposit; Sunridge definitely seems to care about animals rather than money. We have seen Dr. Ceballos (who I believe works on the lions at MGM as well as the city zoo) and Dr. Snead, who were both EXCELLENT doctors. I also like that they're open 7 days a week (my cats always seem to get sick on weekends!), and they do make house calls in case of emergencies. Staff is also super nice and caring. I recommend this place to anyone with animals!
5	Came here because dog became sick while driving from LA. Gave great, friendly service. Walked in but did not wait long to be seen. Got examined, medicated, and bloodwork all done within an hour. Reasonably priced too.
5	Our flock includes two cats, two ferrets and a conure. Sunridge came highly reccomended from PetUSA where we bought our ferrets. We see Dr Snead and could not be happier. The first thing I noticed about Dr Snead and all the staff at Sunridge is they treat your animal like it is their pet not that it is just their job. Dr Snead always takes time to talk with us and the animals. I reccomend them without reservation. We give them a big thumbs, paws and claws up!
5	Dr Snead is amazing! He has been taking care of our animals for the last two years and its great to see a vet that actually enjoys playing and interacting with your pets. Every time we come in the reception staff is always fun and friendly... I have complete trust that this Animal Hospital has the best interest of my pets in mind every time they come in. Follow up visits are usually at no charge which is nice because my Vet in Orange County, Ca tried to charge me for everything. If you are looking for a great vet in Henderson this is the place to go!
5	H
5	Our dog has significant orthopaedic problems and has had bilateral knee surgery in Philly. While in Henderson, he reinjured his knee and we fortunately found Sunridge Animal Hospital. What an amazing vet! We were seen by Dr Maertens who was professional and thorough. Even though we sat around in the waiting room for an hour (with an appointment). Dr Maertens was apolegetic in a professional manner (I totally get it- waiting for a doc is a norm- I'm always suprised at how pissed off people get when they have to wait) and was fantastic with our dog. I liked him more than our vet in Philly, who we've seen for 4 plus years. We were able to get an xray, pain meds, and diet food for our dog who's turning into a little fatty. Big bonus- it was way cheaper than visits to the vet in Philly. I wish we were sticking around longer in Henderson. Sunridge would definitely be my go to place.
5	My pet ferret Gandalf was in need of some vaccinations, and I had no clue where to take him! I called a local pet store and they recommended Sunridge Animal Hospital to take care of the task. Upon entering the hospital, the staff was immediately friendly and helpful in assisting me with my paperwork. After being put into one of the rooms, the doctor came in right away and was super friendly towards me and my boyfriend. In addition to being friendly towards us, she was really good with my ferret who can be the biggest brat in the world sometimes. The free checkup and vaccination that he needed only took a few minutes. All together we spent only about $20 on the vaccination, which was a lot cheaper than I expected it to be. Definitely a quality go-to animal hospital if you're looking for a place to take care of your furry friends.
3	my rating might change.... I am only 16 days new to Nevada. I have 2 beautiful Scotties. They are my family! My 7 year old male scotty started shaking vomiting froth out of his mouth last night. New to the area I TRIED to find a 24/7 emergency pet care near my new home. Went through the internet. To no avail! Not familiar with ANYTHING! I sat up with my little guy all night. I was terrified that he would die! I just kept talking to him walking with him.... finally it was day. During the evening, I found Sunridge.... they opened at 7. I called at 7 sharp. They said bring him in. They did an x-ray, checked him out.... Dr Meartins was kind and nice. We left and I had hoped my guy would feel better. Despite the shot and check up. he was still shaking and throwing up. I brought him back and the Dr decided it might be better if he stayed overnight with an iv for his dehydration. So here I am.... not certain if my little guy is okay. Everyone there seems nice. But I cannot give an A until I know that tomorrow when I get William Wallace back and he is happy again if I made the right decision.I am always worried about the care given by techs after hours. And I would gladly pay a little more if there were puppy cams set up to see how well our pets were treated.And everyone seems very nice...very nice here... But as for this moment....another sleepless night for the owner of the sweetest scottish terrier in the world!I am SOOOO hoping that tomorrow I can amend the 3 star to a 5 star. As for now... all I can do is have another sleepless night, HOPING that all is well.....I love you William Wallace!  Please be okay!!!! I love you sooo much little guy....and your sister Guinness is restless without you. So tomorrow I will be in front of Sunridge at 7 sharp with Guinness to get you!Please be okay!!!! I love you William Wallace! to be continued......
1	I brought my new puppy in for vaccinations. We waited for at least 30 minutes to see the vet.  When she arrived she arrived she was very rude.  She was a young girl. We explained that we acquired the puppy and he had not received first set of vaccinations yet. He was a month late through no fault of our own. We set up the appointment the day we got our new puppy. She was immediately judgmental. She listened to his heart and said his heartbeat was irregular.  Of course, she wanted to charge us for a 12 lead EKG.  after we expressed  doubt about expensive testing she suggested  we return the puppy.  By this time our new puppy was in the back room. We asked to have him back because we wanted to leave. It was 15 minutes before our puppy was returned to us.  We politely said we wanted to leave.   As we were walking out she was harassing about the puppy needing vaccinations.  We explained that we would do so elsewhere. Terrible bedside manner this person had!  Come to find out, it's not u usual for this breed to have an irregular heart beat. The next day we took him to a recommended vet who said he was very healthy. That was 2 months ago and our new pup is doing great!  I would not recommend taking your pet to this office. There are great veterinarians in this town but this is not one of them.
5	Reviewing an animal hospital is a challenge, but so necessary! I've never been a fan of hospitals that have a multitude of vets on staff because of the impersonal atmosphere but several years ago, when my pet was sick, I felt it best to have several vets available to give second opinions. Could not have made a better decision with choosing Sunridge!We have gone through it all here and, no matter what doctor we see, we have been happy owners. Our primary vet is Dr. Snead (who reminds me of a sensitive Chris Rock) but we have had several mini-emergencies where Dr. Rosa tended to our care and she is FAB too (reminds me of Chef Lorena Garcia a bit). About 9 months ago, we had a BIG emergency...hesitant that the Animal Emergency Center would charge us thousands I took a chance and called Sunridge at 9pm - the answering service was on the line and 20 minutes later an emergency doctor was unlocking the front doors and provided stiches and xrays - having us to return the next day for payment and follow up, etc. WOW! Unbelievable!A few flaws is that it is generally crowded with staff frantically swapping computer terminals, no separate entrances for dogs/cats/exotics (yes, they service exotics), and sometimes it takes a minute for your payment to be processed and file to be found. But the care you receive in exchange is worth it!
5	My friend recommended me this place...he recognize that even after him and his wife had moved to the other side of the city, in Summerlin, they still go to this animal hospital ! I have to recognize I was a little bit skeptical when I firs saw my new puppies doctor...Dr.Modi seemed really young, and too cute for a doctor, but she was super helpful, friendly and knowledgeable! The receptionist, Amanda, she even remember us :), well, Zappa is a really good looking puppy,nobody could forget him!Today was out third visit, I'm really happy with this hospital, really friendly people and great doctors! So what if I have to drive 30 minutes to get there...Sonata Park is around the corner, so give your pet the treat he really deserves and give yourself a pice of mind knowing your pet is on good hands !
5	Love this hospital. I have taken my sensitive pooch here for his yearly check up and some major teeth cleaning. Doc Martens is a wonderful, smart and gentle doctor whom my boy took to easily. Now, my boy isnt afraid to see his doctor anymore for his checkups. I know this hospital will take care of my best friend forever...!! Hurray for compassionate vets like the ones you find in this hospital.
4	In the 4 years that our three doggies have been patients of Sunridge Animal Hospital we've been very happy with the service from the 3 doctors we have seen. Having been here for both routine and emergency care I would not hesitate to recommend this vet for your pet care needs. The front staff has been hit or miss in the past but the new folks seem to be friendly and efficient.
5	My first vet experience ever! They're it a great one. The girls up front are nice. And the vet was very thorough in his treatment of my shih tzu puppy. It was a great experience. I'm glad I was recommended to this vet!
5	I love the staff here! I had never boarded my dog until a few months ago, they took me on a tour of their facility and spent time answering all of my questions. My dog has boarded with them 2 more times since.  She always comes back healthy and happy. I actually moved all of her vet care shortly after. They are very reasonably priced and take wonderful care of my baby. I recommend this vet and boarding to anyone!
2	Sorry, but this is wordy, but I'm not just going to say "hey they suck" nuff said...  I had been taking my dogs to Aloha, but they wanted nearly $500 each for a dental, so I decided to try Sunridge based on yelp recommends and they quoted a range of $240-$280 for a dental including bloodwork, extraction and pain meds.Maybe I happened to pick a really bad day, but I had a different experience from apparently everyone else who's reviewed this place. It's a regular sized clinic, but with 6 doctors, as well as a ton of office staff and techs - from the moment I walked in, it felt like a disorganized mess. The front office is always your first impression, and this one was too much like a human doctors office where they basically ignore your existence until they're ready. I'm fine with that for myself since it's the normal attitude for doctors offices, but vet's office staff usually seem to give a sh*t, so it was unexpected. They forgot to bathe some dogs being picked up from boarding, forgot someone's meds, made me wonder what else they forget in the back. They didn't seem to know any of the owners or pets who had already checked in. I was a vet tech - if you don't remember the owner/dog by sight, all you have to do is glance down at the chart in your hand to see what breed the dog is. I'm probably being nitpicky, but this place just didn't have the personal and caring feel of a typical vet office. I was dropping my dog off for a dental in the morning, and there's no scheduled time so I had to wait 45 min until a doctor was free. That seems to be what all vets do, so I'm not complaining about the wait time. Dr Martens was pretty young, but was good with my neurotic dog and seemed pretty knowledgeable. They also had misquoted (lying by omission) over the phone - the standard presurgery blood test IS $50, but the $100 full panel cbc test is recommended for senior dogs (7yrs+). I got a call from Dr Martens a few hours later that they ran her blood test, and her kidney levels were a little off. He said that it could just be off from fasting the night before, and also stress since my dog freaks out w/ strangers, but it looked like the beginning of kidney disease. He said they could flush her kidneys and proceed w/ the surgery. I was going to automatically say ok, but then asked if it was safe to do that, and what were the risks. I wasn't freaking out, I just asked a simple question. His response was - well it sounds like you want to proceed cautiously so you can pick her up, we can get her levels more normalized and do the surgery another time. That's actually not what I wanted to do, since a dental requires general anesthesia and my girl is old, I just wanted to know the risks involved if her levels were off and I would've been fine going ahead with the surgery that day. But I started overthinking - if that's the cautious route, am I being careless saying to go do it anyway so I don't have to pay $100 for blood tests again? I would've felt like an @sshole if she died, so whatever I picked her up. Had to wait another 45 min to see the doctor, they just left her back in the cage rather than bring her out while I was waiting, so that was weird. The doctor recommended doing a urinalysis as well, so that was another $70. He didn't mention anything to me, but he prescribed her some meds and kidney (low protein) dog food - found this out when I went to pay the bill and it was about $250. I told her no, I was going to my usual vet for a 2nd opinion anyway, and it didn't make sense to diagnose her as having kidney disease and prescribe way expensive food and meds she may not need without taking a baseline reading on a day she wasn't fasting and terrified. I showed the blood test results and the normal urinalysis results to 2 other vets - they said with all respect to the other vet, they would've interpretted it as being due to dehydration and stress.  btw the doctor also never called me with the urinalysis results he promised the next day - I called after a few days, and was told that Dr Martens wouldn't even be in until the end of the week. So thanks for dropping the ball on that too. I asked the office to fax me the test results in the morning, it still wasn't done in the afternoon and the girl on the phone said the fax has been in use all day - I asked, so someone's been faxing for 4hrs straight? she said yes. That's b*llshit - who faxes or even scans for 4hrs non stop? So thanks for wasting my time, $170 and lying to me about something as stupid as why you couldn't fax something right away.  My dog had a dental done somewhere else last weekend - they just gave her IV fluids before surgery, and all was good.
4	Good hospital everybody was very friendly this is my first time going.. I looked it up on yelp because my dog needed shots and this one had the best Reviews.. And it was very reasonable
1	We have been coming here for many many years. Every time I go, I ask myself why I keep coming back. The last straw was when my dog cracked his toe nail at home at 7:48 pm. The vet closes at 8 so I called to let them know we were on our way. The receptionist said ok, you have 10 mins. To get there, I drove like a crazy person being that my dog was bleeding like crazy. We arrived at 7:56. After checking us in and putting us in a room, we waited. And waited. Finally after 20 mins the tech came in and said: the doc wanted me to make sure you know there is going to be an emergency vet fee bc it's after 8. My jaw was on the floor. I said No, that's not ok I was here before 8, that's ridiculous. The tech left the room, said she would come back and we waited some more. She never came back. Finally the doc came in and started talking about what he would do about the nail never mentioning the emergency fee. He had my dogs leash wrapped around his hand. I asked about the fee and I said I didn't understand why he would charge us for that as we have 3 dogs and bring them a lot of business. He then began to explain that I was delaying the office being closed and he had to pay his techs OT to stay and....I stopped him right there and told him we were there before 8 and that I don't need him to explain to me how his business is run. He then said, he was considering not charging the fee, but considering the way I was acting, that he was now thinking he would charge it. I asked for my dog back and he refused to give him to me. I had to ask 3 times! I left and will never go back.
5	2 weeks ago my puppy got at acted  by a rodviller . It was on a Sunday around 7 pm. We got to Sunridge hospital at 7:15 , called the amergency phone number and at exactly 7:31 dr Roland was there. He operate on my dog for 4.5 hours. I can't tell you how wonderful and caring is the dr and the girls at the hospital. He really really cared for my Pablo!!!! Every time I called he was there for me. The treatment and the " I care" cannot be describe in words!!!! God bless you all for all you do!!! My dog will be dead without you:))) thank you so much for EVERYTHING . You guys are the best. One more thing....the bill was a joke :)))) could not believe when I saw it. Keep up the good work you guys are God assistance :)))) thanks again. Ruthi Martinez
5	Thanks so much to the staff for helping me out! They were kind & helped get the matted bits out of the puppy that adopted me! I'm happy to say she found a great home! The staff was so kind. What a breath of fresh air!
3	I like the walk-in part for shots & a short wait, but do not like that they take the puppies away from owners in exam room to go to the back for the vaccination & deworming. Supposedly that is the policy so a tech can help hold the pet. There is no reason the tech could not come in the exam room also. I was a tech for many years before moving to Vegas & am very wary of this, especially with a 1 pound yorkie puppy. I want to see what is being done to my baby & watch closely that there is no allergic reaction. Plus how do I know that the back area is sanitized properly? This is my baby so yes I am super protective. I have never been to a vet that takes the animals in another room just for shots, not even vaccination clinics. Everyone was friendly, but not sure I'll be back.
2	Well I don't want to say it's a bad veterinarian, they're very caring with my pets. However I have quite a few complaints about their office staff, and their sneaky pricing!Took my puppy there to get all her shots and everything with that was totally fine. Took my older dog in because she had this mass on her eye I wanted checked out. And also wanted her anal glands expresses(which she needs regularly done) Turns out they needed to remove the mass which was totally fine, and of course what I was expecting. Runs about 100 dollars, pretty standard. They were also running a special at the time for a 100 dollar teeth cleaning, nail clipping, bath, and anal gland expression. Pretty sweet, so I scheduled her for her mass to get removed, and her teeth cleaning. And here we go with the not needed tests. "She's an older dog so I highly reccomend blood testing her to see if she can handle anesthesia." Ummm, sorry, I love my dog. But no. I don't want to pay an extra 100 stupid dollars for a blood test. And he also wanted to biopsy another lump she has on her shoulder for 300 dollars. Noooooo. That's not what I scheduled her for. So they're sneaky with their prices like that. And guess what? She survived surgery. Didn't need the blood test. Now to where I don't know if I'd take my dog back. Last week, she ate a container of rat poison I had in the garage. So I rushed her to the vet IMMEDIATLEY! Not kidding I was there and I called on my way so they would be ready for me, I was there in ten minutes. So they gave her the shot to induce vomiting and everything and the doctor comes in to talk to me, with an estimate for the bill. Guess how much? $850 dollars!!!!!! Are you kidding me?!?!? It's cheaper to put the dog to sleep for god sakes! And then I said there's no way I can afford that. He said, well it's necessary that we keep her overnight, give her an IV, blood testing, antibiotics, and vatiamins, then another blood test on her white cells to make sure she hasn't absorbed the poison. And that's just about half the things they needed to do. Are you serious? I would do anything for my dog, but that price tag is rediculous. I was there within 15 minutes of her eating it. There's no way she absorbed anything. Anyways, I was madAnd said at this pint just make her thow up and I'll take her home. So they did that and a stomach slurry and a vitamin K shot. My final price was $211 dollars. Still expensive, but better than $850. And guess what? A week later and she is totally fine. Overall, beware of unnecessary testing. And don't let them "scare" you into it. It's easy to give in, but say no and hmmmm guess what? They always work something out.
5	Quick summary: the BEST animal hospital I have found in the Vegas Valley (have been to several). They honestly care and show compassion to all members of your family including those that have fur and stand on four legs. Highly recommend them!In depth review: Dr Snead is our main contact at the animal hospital. He is a kind and caring doctor. I have never felt rushed or like he is putting profit before the animal or our own well being. He is always on point and has made visiting this animal hospital much easier. Has often sent us home with meds at no cost and waived fees. The facility is clean and immaculate. About a year ago we had the horrible experience of having two older male cats both come down with two serious cases of cancer within months of each other. Was a difficult time. Dr Snead did EVERYTHING that he could do to try to save them. Including overnighting one of them for weeks at no cost while administering care. When it became apparent we had to let them go, he made it as comforting as possible. He remained with us and I knew that he was feeling our pain - could see it in his face. Honestly not sure if we would have been able to make it through the situation w/o him helping us or standing by our side. He was amazing!Dr Snead has that "it" factor hat makes him a great doctor. The animals also seem to connect with him and the staff. Have seen them calm right down when he or his staff handle them. We now have new furry creatures in our family and we still continue to bring them to Sunridge. Would like to thank the entire staff and Dr Snead for being amazing people. Please keep up the good work - we appreciate it!
5	We've been bring your dog here for over a year they really take really good care of you in addition to knowing how to it I meant for the insurance with dpi they will also make sure that your dog is the best out do really well with kennel care and dish into making sure that the dog has the right foods and also the right medication many of times this place has helped us with our dog where we taken to another veterinarian and that veterinarian did not know it was wrong and Sun Ridge has been able to diagnose her dog and help support our dog threw out all the thicknesses and all the time to try to eat the Christmas tree and all the other times that I did something else and got into something they have been phenomenal 5 stars
5	I'm writing a review because of the  topnotch, quality service I received from, the one and only, Dr. Curtis, at Sunridge Animal Hospital!  So here it goes!  I have an adorable Hamster who's immune system became defeated.  For those of you who have a small exotic animal, unfortunately not all veterinarians are qualified to take care of such.  So it's always a great idea to call first!  Well after multiple wrong visits and finding out the hard way, fate brought me to Dr. Curtis.  First off, he cares so very much that he brought a tear to my eye!  Second, he's thoroughly observant and guessed the issue within his first thought.  Last, I truly am seeing a change of improvement in health in my little guy.  If you love your animals as much as I do, you definitely wouldn't settle for less and therefore would go to the very best like me!  Dr. Curtis sees all sorts of animals including the very very exotic large ones, too.  Btw their prices are the lowest in comparison!  So if the unfortunate happens, I would only request Dr. Curtis at the Sunridge Animal Hospital on Eastern in Henderson, NV!  I guarantee you and your animal will love him to pieces!!!
5	Dr. Reese is the best, professional, yet caring and compassionate.  We would recommend them for both house calls and office visits.  The staff are friendly, the office is clean and they were very helpful in our decision to make the end of life choice for our 18 year old Shih Tzu.  We would recommend this office to everyone.
5	I visited several animal hospitals because I bought a pure bread and want top notch service. They were recommended to me and a great favor that was! We just love Dr. Curtis! He is personable, honest and thorough. The staff upfront is efficient and friendly. I've never had long waiting times, and it's kept very clean. I'm so fortunate to have then care for my puppy.
4	I love this place. Dr. Rosa is so good to my pets. But, today really annoyed me.  I have a sick cat. I called and asked if Dr. Rosa was available. They told me yes. I asked should I make an appointment and was told to just bring her in. When I got there they put me in a room. I waited about 10 minutes to be told that Dr. Rosa was never available till after 2;30. Nobody really seem to care that I drove all the way here with a sick, stressed out cat. I love the doctors but the girls up front need to get it together. Very unprofessional.
1	I feel this hospital really needs to realize who pays their bill. Their front desk people are very rude. When a customer walks in you should acknowledge them. Don't just ignore them for 10 minutes and tell them to sign in.  Definitely need to train the staff on customer service.
4	The staff and doctors are awesome! The vets here are trusting and very knowledgeable. My dogs vet helped us figure out why she wasn't digesting dog food normally; we are grateful that after months of trial and error, we found the right diet helped our dog thrive! They are great on shot reminders and they truly care a lot about your pet here. The hours of the clinic are very convenient too. The only thing is, it is a very busy place, parking lot is small, and the average wait is between 30-45 minutes to see the vet.
5	Dr. Randy Ceballos is a fantastic Vet!  We've been bringing our three pups here for seven years.  I strongly recommend you bringing your pets here...
4	Sunridge Animal Hospital is great! I am thankful to them for taking such great care of my lil fur baby when he had to go in there for dental surgery a few weeks back.  Dr. Rosa was great, very compassionate and helpful.  Cole is recovering well and has his spunk back.  I would very highly recommend their office.  Great doctors, great staff, and great hours for accessibility!
1	It was an interesting experience and I wouldn't say it was the best. I switched doctors because the day I went the one I wanted was not available. I had to schedule another appointment and he happened to be available so I switched to him. He helped us with our family pet that had to be put down and it was a hard time. I trusted him. Let's just say this didn't go over well and I was kinda let down.My cat was returned to be covered in urine and feces. I was told I had an impossible cat. I have NEVER been so upset with the treatment of my cat I felt terrible for her. When I called and complained they said that they checked her before returning her to me. Expect the feces was so imbedded in my cats fur and paws that I knew she had been like that for a while not after they gave her to me. The next time I talked to someone about it they agreed that it was absolutely inappropriate and that an animal shouldn't be treated that way. After spending almost 300$ because she had to be "put asleep" because she was " impossible " I will NOT be returning. I have also told many people about my experience and they have sense discontinued going to this vet.
5	A colleague referred me to Sunridge and I am so glad she did. I have tried several vets in the Valley and had horrible experiences, such as pushing product and meds that my dogs do not need. My oldest Blue Heeler, Blu, had a terrible seizure a few weeks ago and even though we were a new patient, they took us in right away. Upon our second visit, Blu couldn't wait to go into the back and say hello. This was a good sign that he was treated well. I've seen two different doctors and they both have been awesome! All staff is extremely nice and helpful. I like that they are open later hours and on Saturday, and they are close to my home.They are very busy, so be prepared to wait a few minutes before being assisted. They haven't tried to sell me anything that I didn't need or push any product upon me. They were very compassionate and caring to both my boys. In my opinion, being that busy speaks volumes for their reputation. Thank you Sunridge for taking care of my boys! We look forward to a long relationship.
5	When your dog likes the vet what more can you say. The staff friendliness and professionalism of this animal hospital is through the roof. We found this place by mistake and it was the best mistake we made for our little puggle. Bianca & Adrianna behind the front desk are always most helpful and the rest of the staff is equally as attentive. The doctors are all gentle and forthright. The costs are very competitive and supply of treats and quality food make it convenient to come here for simple maintenance things. Here's an example, we come here for the dog to get her nails cut, they ask us if we should drain the anal glands and we pick up a bag of qualify food.... $40. If you live in the anthem or silverado areas, it's worth passing other vets to get to this one. We do, and we couldn't be happier.
3	We have been coming here well over a decade. Dr Ceballos is great . I would give a 5 star rating for him alone. The front desk staff can be a problem. I have ignored it until this point...  But yesterday was the final straw.  We encountered one shockingly, unpleasant person. So rude we may be changing vets. What a pity.
1	Wow, they stole our money!! $189 for a visit for my bearded dragon and no response what's wrong? After attempting to see what's wrong or what the result was they keep telling me they'll call me back? Terrible service. I expected more after making the drive across town and paying $189 for our little guys health. We love our pet and expected to be treated the same as the dog and cat owners. This was a terrible experience as we feel they stole our money. I'm going to try to talk to management as we feel they took advantage of our bearded dragon and our family. Not cool
4	Sunridge Heights has been our cat's vet for about five years. We usually don't have an issue with getting appointment and you can also walk in if needed. We have seen several different vets over the past years but they normally try to have you see the same vet. The vets have been kind, compassionate and thorough during our visits and I've been happy with the results and diagnosis that we receivedI recently had to use the boarding services for one of my cats due to him being diabetic. If your cat has special needs they will keep them in a special area to be monitored.  I find the prices reasonable for what services we have used.The exam rooms are clean and they clean the rooms between visits. There are benches inside the exam rooms so you can sit while they exam your pet. I plan to continue to use the services of Sunridge!
