5	They are the BEST!  We always have a great recruit and they have never disappointed.  Highly recommend them.
5	As a consumer I was recruited into a marketing discussion by this company. I simply answered questions over the phone and after they told me I was eligible to participate I participated in a group discussion and got paid for it! Friendly staff and loved getting paid to simply talk in a discussion!
4	Get your name on their call list! You will get paid for giving your opinion and participating in a focus group. You can make anywhere from $50-$300 just for completing ONE survey. It is easy money, who doesn't love that?Once your name is on the list a recruiter will call you and ask you some screening questions pertaining to an upcoming survey. If you qualify they will invite you to the survey, let you know how much it is paying, and what date and time you should arrive. If you don't qualify, don't worry, they are good about calling you back for future surveys. Make sure you show up early for your appointment. They frequently have "early bird" drawings where you can win extra money!! Loves it :D
5	Easy money just for your opinions!I signed up for their database when a friend recommended it to me. I have been attending focus groups and have done product testing for over a year now and have really enjoyed my experiences. I have also made over $300 for it too!  You can join their database by going on their website and filling out a short form. They will call you when something comes up and matches your profile. They ask you a few questions to see if you qualify. If you do and are interested, they tell you more info on the survey, date and time, and how much it will pay. You can say no at anytime and they never pressure you at all. Las Vegas Field and Focus runs a tight ship, so you can get in and out quickly and have fun too.  I personally have done a TV screening, a focus group, and 2 baby diaper studies. It is an interesting experience and I love doing these! If you have some free time and want easy money, check this place out!
1	Maria Calimano is very rude for being the vice president of this company!  I will never recommend this place as long as she is there.  I hope she has better days in her life!  They should also make sure the people in their focus groups have the correct address.  Even the janitor there says they are always rude to people.  Says something about a company.
