3	While waiting on a phone order of sweet potato fries from Gallagher's yesterday, I discovered a restaurant on the other end of the block sporting a "Grand Opening" banner (where Moe's Southwest Grill used to be).  Yay!  Another venue offering soul food with candied yams on the menu!!  Since none of the employees could answer my food allergy concerns that afternoon, I'd have to call the next morning.Earlier today I was able to get my food issues cleared and decided I'd have a late lunch (or early dinner) of BBQ platter with three meats (choice of beef brisket, chicken on the bone, pulled pork, or rib tips).  I ordered the meats dry since the BBQ had allergens.  Dinners come with two sides and cornbread, so I chose candied yams and brown sugar baked beans and asked that the cornbread be packaged to go.(Before I placed my order, I asked if I could sample the meat since the last time I tried BBQ meats on the dry side, I found them quite tasteless; the cook was more than happy to hand me a sample of the brisket.)Liked the brisket; the meat was so tender and moist and  tasted like a smoky version of corned beef.  The chicken was good, too, but the meat was still red and slightly raw when I sliced into it for a peek underneath.  I showed it to the server who started to say that the chicken is usually served that way, but she took it back for more time in the oven when I asked.  Unfortunately, the chicken was very charred when it was returned to me.  I was able to salvage most of it after scraping the burnt skin off.  While the first two meats were delicious on their own, w/o BBQ sauce, the rib tips did not fare so well.  I liked the texture of the meat, but it definitely could use more complexity. While I was able to determine that the dessert menu (outside source so info on ingredients wasn't easily available) is pretty much off-limits to me, I am not in the least disheartened...  The candied yams and brown sugar baked beans (both made from in-house recipes) were so delectable and sweet, they're almost like dessert, but with added benefits- vitamins, fiber, and protein!  Mmm... LOVED the spices used to flavor the yams.  Yes, there are the usual suspects of butter, cinnamon, and brown sugar, but I detect something else... almond extract!  Go and have a try yourself and see if you can help me detect what these flavors are :)  And the baked beans!  Red peppers and hatch green chilies really make this side dish sing!  Beans, beans, the musical fruit...  Breakfast menu is served all day [steak and eggs, biscuits and gravy (thickened w/ cornstarch), scrambles, and country burritos, to name a few], and lunch and dinner menus [fried chicken and (Belgian) waffles, burgers, wings, BBQ tacos and wraps, sandwiches and po'boys, chicken fried steaks, etc.] start at 11a.  I'm already looking forward to taking my grandmother and cousin here on my next weekend off!Notes to owners/manager:  1.This easily could've been a four-star review, but I thought it poor form to send back a badly-charred chicken.  I didn't think it was wrong of me to send back the bloody leg... (Ring!!  "Hello, Salmonella poisoning, How may I hurt you?") 2. I was told that the addition of sweet potato fries is being considered- please don't take too long to decide Yes! :D (With a good dusting of cinnamon-sugar, please!)3. Please change your font printing on the front and back take-home menu covers.  The current choice (white print on black and superimposed on a white background) is almost illegible.4. Kudos on having DEDICATED fryers for your fried fish (batter contains corn), chicken, and other meats (fried pork chops and chicken fried steaks)!!  Not only do dedicated fryers limit the flavor transfers of these varied meats, but they also benefit your patrons that may have food allergies (fish, spices, and other ingredients).
3	It was a busy and rough day at work and I needed some comfort that only some chicken and greens could provide. I was craving some soul food. I spotted Aileen's write up and rounded up some of my coworkers for some hopefully yummy food. We arrived at the storefront location and immediately noticed the nice decor inside. This is a walk up and order establishment with a very large menu. Be sure to grab a menu and step aside so you can read the whole menu or you might miss something. I finally decided on the chicken and waffle combo and was given a number to sit and wait. I was told that my fried chicken would take a little longer because all their chicken is fried when only when ordered. My friends received their orders and the table was already full of food and my food was still coming! My fried chicken and waffles with a side of collard greens and red beans w/rice arrived. It was a lot of food! I wish it was a lot of AMAZING food, but it wasn't amazing. It was middle of the road, and unremarkable. Now don't get me wrong, sometimes middle of the road is all you need to get the job done at lunchtime! I just wished for a little more spice, zip, and flavor. My fried chicken was freshly fried but the batter was just..batter. My chicken was also rather dry. My red beans and rice were almost bland. I found myself pouring hot sauce on all of my food. I guess I just wasn't wowed. It wasn't poorly made, but it wasn't made with lots of seasoning which I expect from soul food. I would like to give Fat Daddy's another try. I love supporting locally owned business, especially when they're situated among large chains! Looking forward to another look-see!
4	Kidney Stones be damned......Okay, I'll admit it, I love black pepper.  too much.  Yes, I know the potential serious repercussions for a woman of my age.  I hear them every year at my docs - kidney stones.  Well, frankly Scarlett, after eating the fried chicken at  Fat Daddy's, I don't give a damn!!!  I split the #2 Chicken and Waffles dish with my daughter - 1 wing, 1 breast, 2 eggs, grits, and one helluva waffle!  I was surprised to see that the breast piece of meat was boneless - this threw me for a minute - because besides being a pepper lover, I also love eating meat off of the bone (no crude comments, please....).  But! I was pleasantly surprised!  The batter, perfectly crispy and full of the aforementioned black pepper, was the perfect foil to the delectably fluffy waffle and sticky sweet syrup!  And the breast was juicy and perfectly cooked!  The grits?  Perfect - with just the right amount of cheese, as I requested - and of course my addition of BLACK PEPPER just made them to die for. The waitress was great - as soon as I ordered cheese on my grits, she segued into asking if we wanted cheese in our eggs - smart cookie that one!   Super moist carrot cake and perfectly brewed unsweetened iced tea rounded out the meal.  We will definetely be back - got lots of things on that menu I need to try, hence the 4 star rating this time.....  pretty sure I will get to 5 stars for this lovely restaurant, as god as my witness.....
4	Makes my soul sing! Fall-off-the-bone tender ribs, crispy fried chicken, amazing coleslaw. What more could you ask for but perfect pecan pie. And that's here too. All at a great price.
2	10/09Had an impromptu breakfast here with a friend.  The plan was for me to show him how great a breakfast one could have at The Farm at South Mountain's Morning Glory Cafe, but my car overheated and lost power at 32nd St. and Baseline, so I asked him if he would please find out if "Down Home Kitchen" is still open for business.  Thankfully,  he came back to report that "Fat Daddy's Down Home Kitchen" is still open, but that it was "totally dead in there."  Poor FD.  I told my friend that I wasn't surprised since a few of the people I know that have tried FD's found the prices to be too high for the quality of food offered.  However, we were hungry and circumstances forced us to try having breakfast here.Price-wise, my friend couldn't complain.  He enjoyed his breakfast of scrambled eggs with sausage, bacon, and cheese, although he did accuse me of dragging him to an early grave :(  He wasn't complaining, he said, since he liked grease-spoons,  just sayin' is all :)  Seems like he's better at choosing the better entree (see Joe's Farm Grill), since my biscuits and gravy with extra sausage links, gratis (many thanks to our server, who received a very nice tip!) were among the most undistinctive I've ever tasted, especially after having, for two consecutive mornings, the best biscuit and gravy dish at Scottsdale's Daily Dose!Perhaps next time I'll just order the fail-safe candied yams and brown sugar baked beans...
3	went there for lunch with a friend of mine... all sick and ready to die... I hauled myself to Fat Daddy's for a nice breakfast. I didn't care for the line style of the resturant. It's like a fast food meets sit down resturant... I don't care for it. The menu is too vast for a line or a cashier. We needed some time to think and mow over our options. We placed our order, I got the Grandma Laddies, I think, and my friend got the number two chicken meal. My meal came with: two pieces of bacon, one sausage, a waffle, two eggs, grits and a biscuit... what a meal! It was good... but not great. The eggs were fresh, I even saw the eggshells by the flat top behind the cashier. The grits were kinda watered down, but okay with some pepper. The waffle was good, I liked it - I dug the cinimmon sweetness to it. The bacon was thick and could have been cooked more throughily and the sausage was perfection. The biscuit was yummy and I wished I had honey to go with it. :)My friend's meal didn't go so well... her chicken was very crispy and extremely peppery. Too peppery if you ask me. Then she took a good bite out of her chicken and discovered the meat was just pink and a vain was still bloody... ew. We told the waitress and she offered to have it recooked. She said that their chicken was cooked fresh. I'm willing to wait for freshly cooked food, but dang - that was way pink!!She replaced it and even paid me back for her entire meal. That was a bit much! I wanted to refuse and we tried to leave but she insisted we stay. so we did and got like 4 pieces of free chicken for our trouble. That was awesome. I liked the meal, I'm not complaining... I just had better. I think I'll go back when I'm not sick and try it again.
3	The 10th fairway of Raven South Mountain smells delcious. The overwhelming smell of wood, BBQ, and good down home cooking overwhelems you. We decided to have an early dinner after the golf round was over.It's a small, clean restaurant and they put some money into marketing with a big fancy sign, and a text message club, etc. Our server was helpful, but not very nice and very indifferent toward us. We were the only ones in the restaurant, so it wouldn't have been tough to just be nice to us and give us quality service.I was with my family and we ordered dinners. I ordered the pork rib and brisket dinner with black eyed peas and mac and cheese. Dad had the pork rib dinner with red beans and fried cabbage, and mom ordered the rib tip and brisket dinner with black eyed peas and red beans. Waitress came back about ten minutes after we ordered saying they were out of pork ribs and I got the last order, so my dad had to change his to pulled pork, then five minutes later they said they were out of pulled pork. I told the waitress they were going ot have some angry people if at 5PM before dinner time they were already out of pork. We all agreed about the food, because we all tried each others. Mac & Cheese was the best I've ever had, black eyed peas were delicious, red beans amazing, fried cabbage was great! all of the sides were top notch. Our entrees were kind of average at best, though. Mom and I agreed the brisket was tough, chewy, and very poorly prepared. None of us enjoyed the pork ribs or the rib tips. The gristle/fat to meat ratio was probably 80/20. It seems like they need to figure out how to prepare BBQ at this restaurant, because they have a lot of other dishes down pat. I'd go again but I'll try something different than BBQ... maybe a breakfast dish which I hear they are good at.
