4	ridiculous selection, ridiculously cheap prices. (compared to nc abc)Frugal mac didn't have what I was looking for so they sent me over to stateline, now I know where I'll be going from now on. cash/debit prices per bottle are a little lower than credit card purchases, really friendly and helpful staff, and most of the prices seem to be about $1 less than frugal. Their liquor selection was borderline overwhelming, but I definitely see myself making the drive down for a return trip soon! (I did see racks of wine bottles, but didn't check out the beer and wine part.)
4	Of the SC liquor stores that are just over the NC border, this is one of my favs (along with Southern Spirits).  I think this store has a better selection than Frugal MacDougals for the things I typically buy.  I also find that for the most part, employees here are friendlier and more helpful than FMs. The only downside is the crappy parking lot and the fact that getting in & out of here can be a challenge (depending on what time you are stopping by).
1	A waste of gas, any liquor store that tried operating this way in Miami, NYC etc would be closed within 6 months. Prices are NOT cheap, between average and high. There's a few deals to be found but for the most part liquor is priced on par -sometimes even higher- with N.C.'s ABC monopoly and those aren't great prices either.  The wine selection is a Hodge-poge of offerings piled in no particular order. Most bottles cost several dollars higher than at H.T. - and unlike HT they don't discount the case or half case. Then they charge you an additional 3% over the advertised price when you pay with plastic. Then the prices at the cash register are higher than advertized on the shelves- even accounting for the 3%- my bill was high on 3 out of 4 items (by about $12) but they acted very surprised when I pointed this out. Finally instead of having sale prices for the holidays they jack up all the prices instead. My $25 quart of whiskey was suddenly $31 this week, they corrected it but claimed they were losing money at this price.  All in all a poorly run liquor store, people who shop here must have real low expectations
3	Growler filling is fantastic ! Many beers on tap. No hassle. Filling a 64 oz growler for around $10 w/no tipping - nice. Will fill any growler. Life is good ! So I ask you, is a 64 oz growler still considered a single? So now that I'm using the growler I'm back to just drinking one beer on a Saturday night !  I feel proud of my disciplined lifestyle. Although I did have my eye on that two growler hat with the tube to drink out of.
5	The staff and ownership at Stateline are phenomenal!  I had been searching for something that was relatively new and they promised they would get it for me - and did!  I had a phone call telling me it had arrived and they held some for me.  I am a bourbon drinker and got to spend time with Gina -- she spent nearly 30 minutes with me comparing various varieties, sharing her knowledge and tastes, and she even helped me understand Rye's and the subtle differences.  I made several purchases based on her recommendations and could not have been more pleased!Like others I had been a frugal shopper and while they have a good selection, they just don't seem to know about what's on their shelves or care what you buy.  If you ask for something unusual or even something in high demand, they are quick to snap no and actually walk away, like they don't have anything else to say to you.I am now a dedicated Stateline shopper.  THANK YOU to the entire staff - look forward to making more purchases from your store soon and often!
5	I love this place. I travel from Charlotte to Stateline just to get a better selection and better price than ABC store's in NC. You can't beat Stateline at ALL!
2	Good selection and prices seem fine, but the staff are not particularly helpful and my sole interaction with the manager was not pleasant.  He was rude and made me feel like I was inconveniencing him.I will not be going back.  Southern Spirits offers a much higher level of customer service also with good selection and prices.
4	Good selection of products, a little more eclectic than the ABCs in Charlotte.  Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  My first trip I picked up a Balvenie tasting sampler kit with three different kinds of Scotch (12yr, 15yr and 18yr) for $20.  And they have fun liquors and spirits for mixed drinks as well.  Definitely worth a trip if you are looking for variety.
5	State Line has a decent wine selection, including one of my favorites, Justin.  For my husband, a 'collector' of bourbons, this store is a dream.  If you get to know the staff they will keep you informed when 'special' shipments of hard-to-find bourbons arrive.
5	Great staff helpful and friendly.Tons of choices, great prices and lots of gift items!
4	Better selection and prices than ABC. State Line had unique items like taster sets and hard-to-find bottles. I was surprised to see their extensive mini selection. If you are in the area, stop by and check them out!
