5	Salt River Tubing runs its operation like a well-oiled machine, with frequent shuttles at the pick up points with drivers who know what they're doing and are happy to help you out.  SRT works hard to keep the environmental impact of recreational tubing under control, running staff through the river regularly servicing SRT-provided waste receptacles and equipping tubers with plastic bags designated for trash collection.The availability of restroom facilities, even pit toilet park-standard facilities, regularly along the route does wonders for making this activity civilized.Fun and well worth the thirteen bucks for a day rental of tube and shuttle service.
4	If the staff here is indeed "well-oiled," which I believe it to be, that makes the consumers "well-watered."And by "well-watered," of course, I mean hammered. The protocol and staff hedge risk as much as they conceivably can, but idiots like the people I hang out with will do absolutely everything in their power to break the rules, and, if possible, kill themselves. It is not uncommon to witness beer bongs floating along side you and standard operating procedure for relieving oneself entails the highly complicated "float 'n pee." Multitasking at its finest. Needless to say, the river gets a little gross. But, in all candor there has been a significant cleanup of the whole thing in recent years so it is nowhere near as gnarly as it once was. Wear your sunscreen and your thick skin to ward off the drunk idiots that surround you. In the case that you plan on being one of the drunk idiots, you'll probably be in my ranks, passed out and painfully sunburned by the end of the ride. See you out there!
4	I took the trip down the river over both Memorial Day and Labor Day weekends last year, and there was little (aside than points already mentioned) to complain about.  Either we got there at just the right time, or they run a very smooth, efficient operation.  Yes the water is gross, you'll find anything from soggy sandwiches to beer cans floating around.  During slower areas you are likely to get pelted with soggy marshmallows, so you may want to bring your own ammo to retaliate (though there will be plenty floating around).I cannot support the sunblock advice enough.  Last summer I forgot to put it on my legs, and for a week just standing up was a 10 minute excruciating process.Also, some cheap water shoes from Wal-Mart are a good investment in  case you need to hop out your tube or if you are the lucky one chosen to pull everyone to shore at the end.  Keeping your balance is hard enough without diving down stream to save your sandals (the rocky bottom can be slippery).
4	I'm pretty much in agreement with the previous five reviews.  A great way to spend the day when it's hitting over a hundred degrees!  It's about a forty-five minute drive from Phoenix.I went on a Saturday afternoon, around three or so.  So, I missed the huge crowds and rowdy bunch, along with the sun at it's hottest point!  It's about a two to three hour ride from the shuttle drop off point two to the pick up point four.Rentals are $14/pp, which includes your tube rental and shuttle service.  This is the all day rate, so if you get there in the morning, you can go back again and again.  It's $10/pp without the tube rental.  You can also rent a tube for your ice chest (styrofoam coolers are not recommended as they float away), which is a must as you need to load up on TONS of water and your beverage of choice.Bring along tons of sunblock and reapply often.  Bring a hat though because you'll be glad you did when you see all the sunburn faces around you.  A few old bedsheets will feel like a godsend on your hot tube, so think about bringing those along too!  And bring along a pair of cheap water shoes or old sneakers because it's definitely rocky and you will need to climb out of the river at the end.  Flip flops or loose sandals are not recommended as you see them floating on by in the fast current.  (Don't be foolish and bring your new expensive sunglasses aka 'spies' to show off because you'll look like an idiot when you lose it!)And yes, the river is dirty - with river grass, pee, marshmallows, every other kind of food possible, etc.  But you hope with the quick current flowing, that it makes the water less dirty...you hope at least.  And please take your trash with you!  (The shuttle drivers offer decent plastic trash bags for free, so please take a couple with you on the river!)They require that children be a minimum of 8 years old AND four feet tall before they'll allow you on the shuttles to take you down to the river.  It can be a fast river, but also because of the mostly high school and college aged crowd frequently and dominating the river.It's open 9 am to 7 pm, seven days a week.  The last tube rental is at 4 pm, and lost tubes will cost you $20 each.  You need a driver's license for every four or five tube rentals.  And no glass containers!  Your ice coolers will be inspected before you're allowed to board!We're on the lookout for more rivers to float on!
4	This is the perfect place to be on a hot sunny summer day. Unfortunately for me, it was neither hot nor sunny on this particular summer day. Cloudy and at times windy and rainy. The sun was no where to be found and ironically I still got sunburned !! Yes you need sunblock here. Lots of sunblock even if there is no sun ! Things to keep in mind1. Keep track of your group. There were 18 of us and we occasionally lost one or two in the rapids. Fortunately we recovered them.2. Get your ass up when you hit the rapids. The water levels are low and the rocks are big and sharp and unless you want a bruised rear better lift that butt. 3. Don't carry anything valuable on you. That means valuable shoes, sandles sunglassses, shirts, caps etc. Among our losses - gold chain, watch, shoes,sandles, shirts, caps and sunglasses. There is no lost and found here !!! 4. Don't bother with bringing food. No matter how hard you try to protect it, it still ends up getting wet and soggy. Bring plenty of liquid both alcholic and non alcoholic though. 5. If you smoke bring plenty of lighters. One will always get wet. U need backups. We lost our only lighter to water and had to go up to other tubers whenever we needed a light. 6. Don't drink from the river: self explanatory.7. There are no alligators here. Note to self- stop being paranoid !
3	If you're going to brave the river, brave it when tubing season begins. If you wait too long, you're going to be disgusted by what you find in the river -- let's just say that some people don't wait until the tubing trip concludes to use the restroom.Tubing down the Salt River is definitely an Arizona staple nonetheless. You'll find a mainly college crowd with guys spitting game and women flashing for beer. It's a drunk frenzy but it's definitely one of the more interesting people watching activities out there.
1	Here's a dissss-gusting one for you.  Picture this.... 1993, Highschool, floating down the Salt River with a light buzz (who doesn't drink on the river?  Even 7 year olds are plastered) and my friend asks me what happend to my leg?  Why the bandaid?  I thought that was strange... nothing happened to my leg, I didn't have on a bandaid.  But I did.... it wasn't mine, it must have been in the water and it stuck to side of my leg with my ass firmly planted in the tube and my gams dangling in the water.  UGHHHHHH... I almost threw up, but instead I drank another warm keystone light and made it all better. Never again.
4	This is great! I've never had so much fun! We rented tubes and made sure to bring sheets to cover the tubes (so you don't burn because they are black) or bring your own light colored tubes). We also brought coolers with food and drinks (you can bring beer, too I think). There were a few rapids where we went down really fast which was great! People throw marshmallows. I got a great tan, make sure to get spray on sunscreen. There is 1 restroom down the river. I'd recommend avoiding spring break because college students will flash (men & women).
4	Anyone who's ever floated in another state -- say one with less riverdouche than the one in AZ -- will agree that the Salt River is a very formidable fill-in for the ones back home.  Piggying onto Graham C's story, I was the poor schmuck who had his tube commandeered by a band of asian-indian pirates during a riverbed pish so as not to further pollute the Salado Fria with my 79% Lone Star Beer urine.  I floated helplessly until some other doofus left his/her tube unattended (presumably -- Graham or I tracked it for a good 10 minutes with nary a taker) and resumed the monkeyshines of our 20-strong floatparty.  This river can be a whole hell of a lot of fun, given that you gather a nice group of people who can contain their drunken obnoxiousness as you will be tied to them for 3, 4, or even 5 hours.  Luckily, I know JUST that amount of people. If you adopt alternate eponyms like Party Gator, Magnus ver Magnusson, The Roanoakley, and Zizi Jeanmaire, all the better as no one you meet on the river who is not a member of your immediate party will be worth knowing in land-form and thus, your 'actual' name is a valuable keepsake so they won't find you on yelp and invite you to Dirty Pretty Rockbar or better yet, Eli's.Tokens of advice:Bring enough beer for at least 3 hoursSunscreen is your friendDon't wear flip flops unless you like your feet shanked (wear tennies)Bring rope to tie tubes togetherDon't forget the ziplock bags for your smokesIts fun out there, but as others have said ... a once-a-year adventure.  And yes, it is clean *enough*.
4	Aside from the whole "throwing of marshmallows" thing (what is up with that anyway?) and the river being kind of gross, this was a perfect way to spend an afternoon.  We ended up tubing for 6 hours (there was a bottleneck just after the bridge that took an hour to get through) and during that time: my cousin's friend split her lip after smacking into a branch, I almost lost a shoe, got some major sunburn, threw marshmallows, sang along to a bunch of radios and almost ran out of beer - twice!  (If you wait patiently, you will eventually find some full beer cans floating down river.)  For the price of $14 pp including the bus ride up to the starting point, it's well worth it.  I would recommend you bringing more beer though.  Even when you think you have enough, buy more.  I *wish* we had a river like this back in Chicago because I would surely be on it every weekend.
2	I've done the tubing thing twice.  Each time, the rocks and trees kick my a$$.  But you get nice color, or a serious burn, and if you survive it, it can be fun.  On a day when people might not venture out to the river, it's peaceful and the nature you see is plentiful.  On the Fourth of July, hang on to your hat....and pants....and tubes...and keys.  I actually held about 6 water bottles worth of liquid from point 1 to the end point 4, but most people urinate on themselves.  It's not a "high brow" activity, but it's an experience and the cool water vs. the hot day is a good contrast.Just remember, it's a real river with real rapids and real undertows.  You can really get hurt, even if you are a star swimmer.  Don't go it alone.In terms of a family affair, I heard the f-bomb at least 20 times.  Most everyone was covered with tats and many were reminiscing about the time they were "locked up".  And the average age of people there when I visited was probably 21.  Not something I'd take junior to do.
4	Ah, Salt River.  Fun stuff.  Don't bring anything valuable - there's a good chance you'll lose it.  Be cool, don't freak out about the nasty water, seaweed, annoying drunks, or anything like that, and you'll have a blast.
5	Tubing down the Salt River is  A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. I go at least 3 to 4 times a year and I still can't get enough. The experience is what makes it great. Bring lots of beer. If you think you brought enough, NO you need to bring more. Rope, even though they don't suggest it, BRING SOME! You don't want any drunk tubers in your group floating away. Trust me. Water, to stay hydrated or for your designated driver to drink. You will most likely want to have a designated driver because there are a tons of cops and sitting in your tube all day for around 4 to 5 hours and then getting up and standing and walking, thats when it usually hits you...HARD. So be safe. I've seen a lot of crazy things so come with an open mind. People come to relax, get naked, get drunk, fish (eww), make love, cliff dive and just to mingle. Everything is always accepted. I always enjoy myself and I would highly recommend tubing for mature adult, no prudes. Our motto is: what happens at the river stays at the river.Things that happened on our last trip:(1) A random bird flew right into my head.(2) Random people pelted us with soggy magnum marshmallows.(3) Some girl asked me to show my breasts.(4) Everyone, except for me, underestimated the sun and was burnt to a crisp. (Reapply about 5 times.)(5) Made friends with a lot of drunk boys.(6) Decided that once wasn't enough and headed out for another trip, minus the cooler. (Bad Idea, but memorable.)(7) My cousin's tube deflated.(8) Our smokes got saturated with water.(9) Our lighters were no longer lighters.(10) We lost our group.(11) I met my "soul mate".(12) We told our story to random people and they gave us beer.(13) We met a group of boys who were doing whip-its.(14) I lost my soul mate.(15) I lost my sandal.(16) I found a random sandal and wore that one.
5	Although I wasn't one of the people who headed out to do this thinking of it as a drunkin fest, but I did find the other people amusing on the float down.  I think this is a fun and cheap thing to do to stay cool in the nasty heat.  My foating cooler was the biggest of problems, but at least my multiple sunscreen applications kept me from turning red.  I want to do it again, but I'm thinking next time I would do it during the week so hopefully it is not so crowded!  My suggestion for first timers:1) find a floaty you can put your cooler in that will withstand rapids2)bring lots of rope to tie yourself to your cooler and other friends3)bring sunscreen and REAPPLY!4)if you are driving back....the cops are waiting for you drunk drivers, so make sure the person driving is not going crazy on the beer5)I still don't understand the marshmellow thing6)Everything gets wet, and have good water shoes, because you will loose them if you don'tOne of the best things I've found to do outside during the summer in Arizona!
3	Drinking Floating, sun bathing, drinking, jumping off Rocks,I'm about to go to the Salt River, I always remember why I don't really want to go back every time I leave the place, trash, trashy people, smelly van rides,  But I seem to go back, its all about having a good time with friends while drinking and floating.  Its like going to Mexico, there are fears and there are good aspects. You don't really want to go but if you bring good company its a blast. PS people bring sheets to lay on the tubes so you don't melt to them or irritate your skin. Happy TubingKevin
2	Forget hearing the F-bomb 20 times during the trip, we heard it 20 times waiting for the shuttle to take us to the drop off point.  Unbelievably trashy atmosphere. Drinking, smoking (legal and not-so legal substances) frequent nudity, marshmallow fights, water balloons... It was like the lowest class bar I've ever gone to, but worse because there's no bouncers.Granted it was memorial day weekend but from what I've now read, this is pretty much par for the course at Salt River Tubing. We only saw one completely wasted idiot being medi-vac'd out. Which in itself is amazing. Darwin award candidates everywhere.It's very sad because the river was lovely (besides from the dissolving puddles of marshmallow, broken water balloons, beer cans and such) The river itself earned the 2nd star - mainly because I feel bad for being part of the race beings responsible for treating it this way. I guess if you're looking for a drunken, slightly post-adolescent party barge on tubes - then you're in luck. Otherwise STAY AWAY!
1	What a dump.  One star for scenery but thats it.  Drunken morons, stoners, fights, and police.  I also think that "Girls with Low self-esteem" was filming there.  Nasty people.  Find something else to do.
4	Went here after a yr of living in the E. Valley area. Not bad, the directions from the website are crappy, price is worth it, but then again, you can bring your own tube, drive to the top, and float down...Prices are $15 for the tube and bus (to the top, back to the parking) or $12 for those who bring their own tubes and just need a ride. Cash only!!Tubes for the coolers are the same price ($15), bring towels or old sheets to cover your tubes, because they do get hot and water shoes.. flip flops, will flop off your feet. It's a good relaxing time w/ friends and family, ignore the drunks, unless you plan to drink also. Just make sure you have a DD, because the sun beating down on you, along w/the long, floating time, will make you quite drunk. Oh and try to go on a weekday.. not weekend... its packed w/ stupid college kids that think that being drunk is the best, exciting time of their lives... other than that enjoy!
4	I've had some pretty unfun occurences here (having a poo--a real, swear-to-god human terd, touch my leg--crashing hardcore a few years back and losing my husband for 10 minutes cause he got marooned on some island and couldnt find us, and getting sunburns so bad that i can feel it in my bones--reapply that spf 50 as often as you can) but i swear none of it takes away from the awesomeness of it all. If you can believe it...Went for the 3rd time this past weekend (did a day trip from redlands-wow loooong day!) and it was seriously hotter than hell, about 117. It was halloween on the river day, so crazy betty the busdriver was all dressed up (2nd year in a row we had her, she totally enjoys her job!) and the az republic took our pictures for the newspaper. it was so hot, that we couldnt even touch the tubes to put them in the bus, we put as many as we could on an oar because they were really burning our hands big time. so yea, there is no way you dont need a sheet for the tubes out there in that kinda heat. "splashing" water on the tubes will last about 2 minutes, and when you forget and you burn the living hell out of your appendages repeatedly cause you forget how hot that rubber gets, you'll wish you brought a sheet. i know from experience.oars really help. you need one, and if youre paying attention to where you're going, you can get out of almost any bad situation enough in advance to avoid getting hurt. that being said, you can get away with tying your tubes together, provided you dont have a humongous group. just not too tight though, lots of people pop their tubes doing this. and another thing, you dont really know how wasted you are til you go to stand up to get your stuff out of the water, so pace yourself a bit with water--and stick to light beer. the first year i went i made a huuuge tupperware bottle full of what i like to call "focktail"--yeah it will get you effed up pretty fast. I could hardly walk out of the water, and my husbands friend drank so much of my focktail that he pissed himself in the parking lot. twice. yes, theres stupidity, drunken teenagers acting a fool---but ya know, i didnt really expect a MENSA meeting so i wasnt too surprised by anything.
4	Great way to spend a summer day with friends floating down the lower salt with cooler full of cold beer and snacks.  Please pick up after yourselves instead of trashing the river!
5	I think they are referring to the buses that pick you up and take you to the river.  If that's the case, they are wonderful.  They grab your tube for you, give you tubing pointers and get's the energy up for your long day in the sun.  Good people.
4	GREAT FIRST EXPERIENCE! Pros:-Pretty cool considering we can't go tubing down a river here in LA.-Great group event.-Great for summer time (minus sunburn).-The flow of the river varies in speed but mostly speedy and slow.-People can drink/smoke. If they weren't allowed, people did it anyway.-They have tube rentals there if you don't have one of your own.-If you go in a group, ties yourselves together!Cons:-Make sure you have all items on you. One of our guys lost his keys, cell phone and smokes in the river. 2-3 hours later when we were done drifting... it was too late.-Currents can get rough so there are times where you're going to get pushed into the branches or even people. -Trying to find the right area to park in is a pain! I believe you have to get shuttled. I remember half of us had to park somewhere else and get shuttled to the area.
5	I'm in love with tubing the Salt River.  I have fun every time I come.  It's super easy and affordable.  If you are looking for a good time and a great way to cool off in the AZ heat come here.  But be prepared for a long trip down the river.  Which means LOTS of sunblock and you will need drinking water and if you can bring TP that might be a good idea too.  Keep the river clean! By the end of the season the river is always trashed.  Oh yeah and I recommend leaving behind anything valuable...chances are you'll lose it:)
4	Fun Fun Fun! Most of the bus drivers are great and its a great way to spend a hot day!!
4	Alright, so here's the thing folks. If you want to have a quiet, relaxing day getting closer to nature and all it's worth, go on a Monday-Thursday. However, if you'd like to re-enact Spring Break Cancun 2004, frequent the river on a weekend. Today was my third visit to the River. After stocking up our cooler with water and snacks, covering the tubes with sheet (recommended, whoever says otherwise wants 3rd degree burns on their bodies), and tying our 5 tubes together (not recommended by SRTR, but whatever), we were on our way. Wasn't really sure what the crowd would be on a Sunday morning, but we arrived and saw HELLA "Bros & Hoes", as well as some families getting on the buses. We got on the bus, where a police officer told me "have a good ride, it's gonna be cold", which I paid no mind to. But when we got there, we discovered he was not lying because it was super chilly and super windy. Which made an otherwise perfect day a little unperfect. Anyways, after we got away from the "spring breakers", we had a good time. Just be prepared for rapids, close encounters with trees above and rocks below, and tightly secure all of your belongings.
5	Drunk crazy times. Awesomeness. Yes, probably comparable to a spring break in Mexico. It can be pretty awesome, you just have to be prepared. SPF 50 sunblock applied every 1-2 hours, shoes (old tennis shoes work best or water shoes), water, snacks, and of course lots of beer!! :)Also,, I've never used a sheet, I just flip my tube in the water occasionallyTips: Watch for rapids. Pay attention because you will need to lift your butt a couple of times to miss rocks. Ziploc anything you don't want wet.LOTS of sunscreen. IMPORTANT. Seriously - one year I was burned so bad it was purple-red. Yikes! I learned my lesson and last time I went I didn't even hardly burn at all.
1	Look...I'm sorry...but I just don't get it. I like water, I like nature, intertubes are A-Ok in my book...so why do I loath this place. Well...here are a few reasons why:-Drunk Assholes...everywhere. I can't stand annoying drunk people, and this place is a mecca for it. Whether it's the overweight frat guy or the backwoods overly-tanned middle aged yokul...everyone is drunk; and everyone is f*cking annoying as all hell.-Dirty Water. I mean...seriously, I couldn't wait to take a bath once I left. Someone else in another review talked about getting a band-aid that was floating in the water stuck to them...doesn't surprise me.-Getting burnt. I don't care what anyone says...you can slather on SPF -1000 sunscreen every five minutes...you're gonna leave here hurting. Blistering summertime heat in AZ...floating down a river for hours and hours...common sense says this just isn't a great idea. -Scratching your ass on rocks. If you've been there you know about this...sometimes while floating, the water level gets a little low and you have to really make an effort to lift your ass out of the middle of the intertube to avoid jagged rocks beneath...or else pain awaits...if you don't heed this advice...sorry...you're leaving with a bloody asshole that day. Well...I could keep going here...Bottom Line: Just go to Sunsplash or Waterworld for God's sake...this place is not worth the hassle. The Lazy River at any waterpark completely OWNS this experience in my opinion.
2	Tubing down the Salt River was an experience comparable to floating down the River Styx (from Greek Stux, also meaning "hate" and "detestation"). I feel like I not only circled the underworld nine times but got sucked into it, and the ferryman Charon was a beer-bong wielding asshole.My best girlfriend & I got there when it opened at 9 and the first part of our tubing experience was very pleasant, but now I know it's only because at that point it was still too early for everyone else to have gotten sufficiently plastered. We had our cooler tied between our two tubes and yes, we had a few beers too, but we were just looking to have a nice chill float down the river. We met some cool people along the way, hung out for a bit before we'd drift on down our way. A couple hours into it we stopped off at the side of the river, and a group of twentysomethings, mostly guys and a few girls, had banked as well, and asked if we wanted jello shots. So we figured yeah, cool, & hung out and drank with them for a bit. But it turns out they're the type of people who feel like if they give you a bit of alcohol, you owe them your freakin' life. At this point what I figure happened is, these guys were looking to get laid, & when me and my girl went to bail, they flipped out. I was supposed to catch a late afternoon flight back to San Diego, and she was supposed to go to work after dropping me off at the airport, and these assholes f*cked everything up. They dumped our little tube with a tub on it which held all of our stuff- cooler, shorts, sandals, towels, sunblock, water, everything. And somehow sent our other tubes cascading down the river; my girl managed to somehow retrieve her car key by some miracle at least. By then I had gotten out of the water, she swam back and joined me, and one of the guys got in her face talking sh*t and looking like he was about to hit her, which pissed both of us off so we started going off on them. Then they called some sort of gang code that somebody else recognized, to which they informed me and my girl we were f*cking with the Hells Angels and we best step back. At this point one of the guys' girls still floating in the river starts yelling at me, to which I simply yell "SHUT UP," and she did. Smart move, because I was livid. Anyway they didn't seem like any Hells Angels to me, just some wannabe thugs who'd been drinking all day, but they were Hell's something because they sure ruined our day on the River Styx. So now me and her go to one of the firemen guys standing around at the side of the river, and ask if they can help, and they say they can't do anything unless we're drowning. Oh great, we can nearly get beat down by these punks but unless we're drowning, we're SOL? They gave me this bullshit little compass thing, but I didn't need help finding my direction, I needed help finding my hope in the general decency of humanity, which had been swept down the river along with all of my belongings. No compass was going to help me find that.Awhile later we encounter this group of hippies on a big raft, who graciously scoop us up and ferry us to our pickup point down the river, and these people were so kind and amazing compared to the drunks surrounding us, plus the guy steering the thing looks like he could be Jesus. They helped redeem a bit of my faith in the world, especially when one of them gave me their oversized flip flops as mine had been lost and my feet were already badly cut up.So in retrospect, was it an unforgettable experience? Definitely. Would I want to repeat it again? Definitely not. Now I know what spring break in Hell is like.
4	What you will need to get before your river trip:Sweet Tea VodkalemonadeBig Gulp sized plastic cupbeerback-up box of Margaritas (pre-mixed)back-up airplane bottles of vodka... you know, just in casecheap radiorope to tie everyone togethertowelsunglasseshatsunscreenWhat you will need to get after your river trip:Aloe VeraBand-Aidsantibiotic ointment  Everything everyone says is true.  The good and the bad.You will get burned, you will get drunk, you will scrape some skin off on a rock at some point (especially if you are a girly-girl who tries to climb that cliff everyone jumps off of like you're some sort of tomboy) and you will have fun.  That is, of course, unless you're uptight, then you should just stay home.
5	Couldn't believe the water was cool on a 100somethin degree day... So much fun except for the almost hitting the low-lying branches when the rapid water would drive us towards the edge. Will be going back here soon.
1	If I can give this shity experience a BIG FAT ZERO, I would. I don't see why people drive hours and hours away from their homes to go sit in dirty ass water. The experience was super extremely  terrible for me. I got so burnt after plastering on so much sun tan lotion. Then  I hit a rock in the middle of the dirty filthy water and almost drowned from the current that kept pushing me and your not sure if it's shallow and it's really 12ft deep. Luckily I know how to swim and the few people who actually helped me thank god. I honestly don't know how people can mix alchol, sun and a crazy ass river. Then the tube gets crazy hot from sitting in the sun and you burn the hell out of your arms on the plastic. Then when your getting near the little currents it gets mega shallow then your ass just rubs on a bunch of rocks and your back and ass get bumped and scratched. How could people seriously enjoy that. Then there is no supervision from anyone from SALT RIVER TUBING AND RECREATION when people do drowned who don't know how to swim. This is seriously a dangerous experience. And the horses who run wildly free and take craps in the water. SO GROSS. Then when exiting it was so hard it says #4 to exit but its so hard cause its near a current where it just keeps dragging you and pushing you in and it's very shallow so when you do jump off your legs get hurt and scratched. This was seriously was a waste of money and scary experience for me. I FREAKIN ALMOST DIED HERE. Is this place even legit cause you can only pay cash of $15.00? No Taxes? Does the state really even know about this place? I would never come back here again.
5	This is one of the greatest values left in America.  $15 for a whole day of fun.  The river goes very slow and you float for up to 4 hours.  If you ever go to Phoenix, don't miss this one.
5	Six of us got together today to go Tubing, & what a blast!  It was my first time, Mike C. had been once before, & the rest were newbies also.  I just can't imagine anyone giving this less than 4 or 5 Stars!  It was so much fun, what are these Yelpii doing carping about everything?  If you want to drink, drink!  Want to not drink?  Fine!  There's plenty of room for everybody!  I really got soaked going down some of the rapids, & my camera & cell phone are now in a coma & yes, rocks will bang your butt if you have it hanging down when you go down some of the rapids, but so what?  There is a seriously great time to be had here!  The scenery is beautiful too, wildlife all over the place, & NO, you aren't bunched up with other people unless you want to be.  There's room for any number of people to be up there & you can still be way off by yourself if you like.  It's a big, long river (& clean & clear, by the way.  I didn't see ANYTHING in the water that didn't belong there).You can bring your own floating devices & 2 cars if you like.  People were floating down in lifeboats, kayaks, above-ground pools(!), you name it!  Your other choice is to pay a reasonable $15.  That gets you a big truck inner tube to use (smaller ones available for kids), plus as many free rides back up to the parking lot as you like from any of the 3 bus stops.  They are spaced out at the 2, 3, & 5 hour points down the river.  We all rented the tubes & everything to do with the concession operator went absolutely smoothly.  (Visit www.saltrivertubing.com to see their few rules & suggestions regarding what to bring.)Would you pay $15 to have the time of your life?  I thought so!    :-))
5	What a great way to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon , floating down a scenic river with family and friends. The river was not to crowded and the water was beautiful . Where else can you have so much fun for $15, heck it cost more to see a movie. There were six in our group which included two kids and everyone wants to do it again. I would strongly recommend this to anyone wanting to have fun.
4	I really should give this 5 stars but I am going to give it 4 stars and you will find out at the end of this. I for one am not an outdoors person at all but this is a blast! I am a huge fan of day drinking and what's a better way than to float down a river for four hours and get your drink on? Get a group of friends together, tie up all your inner tubes and float away and all get drunk and cause pandemonium together. It's great. You get to take in the sites of the natural surroundings and the women (he he) and float through dirty and dingy water, lol. Sometimes you get a pretty sweet score as well, like free beers floating down the river from some schmuck who's cooler spilled, always a plus! Why I give this only 4 stars instead of 5 is the god damn 3rd degree sun burn you get. Even applying sun screen constantly you will still be in physical pain for a week from this skin singeing! I can overlook the scrapes and bruising but the sunburn is the absolute worst part of this experience but yet somehow I always go back every year, lol. A definite must do!
3	I don't know that I have ever felt dirtier.Still, I had a blast the couple of times we floated the river. We did the tie-everyone-together-plus-a- beer-cooler thing and enjoyed being wet and dirty. Wear a big hat.
5	The best fun you'll ever have.  And its affordable.  It can get crowded sometimes.  And sometimes there are frat boy douchebags.  I still give it 5 stars though.I think the only people who complain about cleanliness are just prissy anyways.And can we all please stop with the marshmallows?  Now that is actually disgusting and unnecessary.
4	I had to write a review about this place after my group was torn about going after reading some reviews about how dirty this place made them feel and how they were tore up from rocks. So we envisioned way dirty water that was a trickle at places with rocks in too shallow water where we would have to go done in single file. We were ready for the worst but it's really not that bad. It was never less than 10 yards or so wide. Yes, people do loose their trash like beer cans but it's not as trash filled as other places like the beach or the park. They do throw giant marshmallows so you will encounter mushiness. And people are peeing in the river, (are you surprised?) but it's moving water, so it's like nature's toilet anyway (like the ocean). And most everyone is drunk but I know there is a lot more stupid going on in any bar on any sat or Fri night. So, basically, if you are prissy about being things being dirty, and are one of those people that can't have a little fun with other drunk people and look down on them for doing stupid things, you will not have a good time. FYI, you will also not have any fun in places like NYC or most dive bars which you will think is dirty. Most of the people are just lazing down the river with their friends. I would like to give some tips and warning: Bring water, rope to tie your rafts together, water shoes, spray on sun block, food/snacks and a DD. I have never EVER seen so many cops out on my 20 mile drive back to our place in my life. There were check points, and 3 cop cars pulling over 1 car, and people with their hands hand cuffed behind their backs. It's serious guys, don't mess with it.  Also, you will not notice how drunk you are until you stand up, so be careful not to drown.
4	If you can disregard the overblown gross thoughts that come with the revelry of hundreds of drunken fools in a public waterway, you can be assured of a good time minus the standard sunburn you're certain to receive. Apply sunblock and reapply every hour! That can't be stressed enough.Salt River Tubing surpassed my expectations in terms of customer service and comfort. Given the sheer volume of customers as we arrived, things moved pretty quickly, from waiting in line for our tubes or waiting to board the antiquated bus. $15 buys you an intertube rental and roundtrip bus ride to/from your riverside entry/exit. But if you can supply your own tubes and/or rides, it's free, or $12 for the roundtrip bus ride. Lucky for us it was Pirate Day and our bus driver was an absolute riot, taking the corners extremely fast and mumbling at his parrot. Additionally, we got to gawk at all the pirate themed groups of people as they floated past. Tubing veterans are apparent with their inflatable rafts, blow-up swimming pools and waterproof sound systems. THAT is the way to do it folks.Be prepared to be pelted by marshmallows from fellow floaters and to see other assorted garbage floating about. Protect your feet by wearing shoes -- raggedy old shoes will do. You can never have enough food/drink/water, and If in doubt, bring more.
4	Such a blast!  After some of these reviews I was a bit worried about going, but its not bad at all considering all the people having fun and drinking. I highly recommend going to Walmart, investing $25, and getting a sheet to place on the tube, water shoes, rope, sun block and plenty of booze!  If you like to drink and have an awesome memorable time with friends this is the spot.  Wish we would have taken a waterproof camera.  We also went over Memorial Day so cops were everywhere.  One of our friends sucked it up and become a Designated Driver so we didnt get stopped at the check point, but cops def are in the area!Have a blast
4	This place has been the best part of living in the desert!  Don't forget to "Plank it" over those rocks!!!
1	We arrived at SRTR around 11am.  We paid for our tubes, left my Driver's License, and stood in line behind a big group of people awaiting the next bus.  As the three of us stood there with our $15 rental tubes, a girl ducked under the caution tape and joined the group of people behind us.  I noted it as odd, but did not think it was alarming.  When the bus arrived, we all packed inside.  We were instructed to stack the tubes 5 high and have a seat..  The ride up to the first drop off point was pleasant and I chit-chatted with the group of people who'd gotten on the bus behind us.  In our conversation, I discovered they were also starting at the second drop off point because the girl who snuck in line had dropped off her boyfriend there.The bus stopped and the first group of people wanted to be let off.  Everyone exited except the three of us.  My two friends did not have a tube and I alerted them to the fact that there were no other tubes left on the bus.  I stayed on with inner tube in hand.  They hopped off and retrieved two tubes.  The group that had been behind us in line got back on the bus and we all stacked the tubes 5 high again.  There were a total of 12 tubes.  My friends had their tubes in front of them and mine was in the pile.  I took one off the top and placed it on top of my friends' tubes.  Then, a girl said they were short a tube.  They accused me of stealing it!  Since there are no markings to designate which tube belongs with which person, there was no real way to say, "This tube right here is MINE."  The group began to argue with me.  I held my ground, but one of the men snatched my tube from the top of our pile and placed it back on their pile.  I was livid.  The bus driver refused to get involved in any way, stating we were each responsible for our own tube.  As we all crowded off of the bus, I took a tube.  Each of my friends had a tube.  I thought everything was going to be ok.  No, no it was not.  As soon as the bus driver pulled away, a guy rushed me and grabbed for my tube.  I tried to step away from him, but there was a wall of rock.  I guarded my tube.  He came at me again.  I put my hand on his chest, blocking him from stealing my tube.  Then, another man approached me from behind and tried to get the tube away from me.  I threw myself on the ground on top of my tube.  They both came after me as I held the tube as tightly as I could.  They were about to drag the tube, dragging me over the gravel.  My friend relinquished her tube in order to stop the conflict that was quickly escalating into assault.  Of course, the men yelled curse words at me, calling me nasty names.  They thanked her for her tube, effectively thanking her for letting them steal a tube for the ride down the river.  We stood to the side and let the group head to the bank and get in the water first, so we would not have to deal with any future conflict with them.The entire ride I was thinking about the SRTR policy that states, "The charge is $30 per tube for lost or stolen tubes payable immediately, CASH ONLY.  Any license that has not been redeemed due to Lost/Stolen unpaid tubes at the end of a normal business day will be turned over to the Maricopa County Sheriff's Office for collection and prosecution."  I was scared.  I did not have the money and SRTR had my ID.  People were traveling in huge barges of tubes tied together with rope; as large as twenty tubes!  Many of my fellow tubers were completely wasted drunk.  The staff at SRTR did check coolers for glass,.  They have a warning on the website about not consuming alcohol, but they allow it to be brought on the water by the cooler-load.  I saw a woman riding on her belly with her face super close to the water and her eyes rolling back in her head.  She looked like she was passing out.  If she had, she would have easily drowned before her friends even noticed.  People were jumping off of the side of a cliff into maybe less than 5 feet of water.  Others were egging them on with delight.  I vowed to never again travel the Salt River on a Saturday. It was a short ride back to the tube rental return.  When we told the staff member what happened, she gave me the, "We're supposed to charge you for the inner tube," face.  She said, "Well, let me go talk to the manager.  I'll be right back."  Thank goodness she related a positive message upon her return, "This time you will not be charged, but next time keep a better eye on your tube."  I told her I had no idea it was going to be so brutal and she just shrugged, moving on to the next person in line.While Salt River Tubing & Recreation did make an exception to the fee policy, it was not enough for me to walk away from this experience with a positive feeling.  I'm anxious to get in my own kayak and paddle someplace other than Salt River.  Fun and relaxation are the reasons I like to get on the water.  This adventure was neither fun, nor relaxing.
4	I visited a friend in Phoenix and as a recommendation of a local Arizonian ended up spending 4 hours floating down Salt River. It gave me a great impression of how beautiful AZ can be, floating through nature surrounded by red rock and cacti. I think it's important to know what to expect though and how to be prepared because it could make or break your experience. Here are some tips:1. Tube rentals are $15/each and includes a shuttle ride to the top of the river, if you're bringing a cooler you'll have to buy a tube for it too2. Bring a cooler for beers and snacks. No glass is allowed, cans only. Because the river is so long, you'll get hungry so I definitely advise snacks. Also bring water, you don't want to get dehydrated being under the direct sun for so long3. Some people put sheets over their tubes but I feel like it would make things more cumbersome and is unnecessary4. A rope is useful to tie your cooler tube to you, but isn't necessary to tie yourself to your friends because you can link together with your feet under their tubes5. Bring a large brimmed hat and lots of spray on sunscreen - AZ sun is HOT and if there's not cloud cover you'll regret it later6. Be prepared to be surrounded by college kids sometimes being belligerent and having marshmallow fights but for the most part people mind their own business7. I thought the water was mostly clean, not something I would splash on my face but not bad to wade in8. Carry your ID in a baggie because there are police that may stop you9. There are areas on the river where there are little rapids, fun but remember to hold on to your cooler and friends so they don't float away from you10. Sit back, relax, and enjoy the scenery
4	Tubing the river is one of the best things to do on a very hot summer day with a group of friends.I had been putting off this review for a while because I didn't know how to describe this experience. I'll try and make a list of things you should do when tubing the river. These will help your experience.--Bring a large group of friends--Buy an extra tube(s) for your cooler(s)--Bring sunscreen--Bring lots of booze. No one wants to be sober for this.--Bring a bedsheet that you can tie over your tube.--Tie your tubes together. (haha)--Leave your cellphones at home. One person should keep a phone in a water proof bag in case of emergency.--Bring lots of food--Wear flippy floppies that you dont mind losing, or Vibram Five Fingers--Sunglasses and hat that are cheap. You may lose em.But most importantly....take transportation like the Big Orange Bus Company or supershuttle. You don't want to have a DUI lurking in your past because of one big party. For our group, it was about 14 bucks per person round trip, and we had about 10 people.Tip: Go on a Saturday morning when the water is still clean. Get there at about 10-11am. The river is the ultimate day drinking party. Good friends, sun, water, and good times. It gets crowded, but you meet all kinds of crazy people. Do it.
4	I always look forward to river trips in the summer. It's a great way to hang out with friends, have some drinks, get a tan, and cause a little trouble. Obviously some people cause more trouble than others and the police are visible in certain areas of the river so keep an eye out. It can also be dangerous with people being drunk and rowdy and even a few drownings have occurred, so if you are not comfortable with this type of atmosphere, this might not be for you. Also, the water is not the cleanest river you have seen in your life (wouldn't recommend wearing white or anything that you would be upset about losing or getting messed up), but the scenery is beautiful and I've seen wild horses along the river a few times. Personally, I think it's a great time. Over the last few summers, I have learned a few good pointers. Make sure to wear sunscreen, drink water (as well as beer), bring food and marshmellows, and put important items like keys in a ziplock bag and somewhere safe. Also, leave your phone in the car! In the event, you loose your keys, a locksmith is on duty in the parking lot of the tubing area. Make sure you have a designated driver because the police will not hesitate to pull you over once leaving the parking lot. Don't chance it.As for the tubes, you can rent them with your ID and $15. You might want an extra tube for your cooler. Bring a rope to tie your group together because there are some rapids that could separate your group. If you plan to become a river rat, you might want to buy your own tube. I like to bring oars also to help with steering.
2	The tubing experience is great but for transportation to and from the tubing site, steer clear of "SALT RIVER BUS COMPANY"...Here's why: I purchased the Salt River Bus package last Spring for $25. As instructed, I made reservations in advance on August 25th for a pickup at Westgate on August 28th. I did receive a confirmation email from "Xavier" that my reservation was received. I also left a voicemail reservation to cover all bases (they NEVER answer the phone). On Sunday, the 28th, we arrived at Cabellas in Westgate for our pickup...and no bus arrived. I called the phone number and the bus driver answered the phone. He apologized and stated that Westgate had not been scheduled for pickup that day. He told me that he would personally call me from the office the following morning and have management straighten the situation out to my satisfaction. I also immediately emailed Xavier and left a voicemail at the office. Monday came and went with no phone call. I sent at least three "polite" emails and voicemails throughout the week and was never contacted. I would have settled for a future trip for four instead of two people (doesn't cost them...they're driving the bus anyway) but now I'd like my money back and no one is contacting me. I've been in sales and customer service all my life and ALWAYS address my mistakes faster than my successes! That's how you get repeat and referral business. SALT RIVER BUS IS NOT A REPUTABLE COMPANY.
5	will return!  my husband and i had such a good time.  we went on sunday around noon and didn't run into any traffic.  the directions from the website were easy to follow.  there's tons of people but the lines flow well and the wait wasn't long.  cost $15 to rent a tub and for the bus ride to and from your car.  i read the tips on the website twice so i didn't forget anything and the tips site covered all i needed to know.  i would take a sheet next time to cover the tube since sheets are lighter than the towels we had and the tubes did get hot during the ride.  took the 4 hour ride and it was just long enough.  take more drinks than you think you'll use since we ran out and luckily ran into unopened beers along the way.
3	Salt River is my go-to recommendation when summer tourists ask what there is to do around Phoenix.  Germophobes and crybabies should probably steer clear because at least one (but probably more) of the following will happen:-You will lose something:  your shoes, your sunglasses, your hat, your group (NOT FUN)-If you don't lose it, you'll probably ruin it.-You will run out of beer/alcohol-You will get sunburn-You will get cut, bruised, injured in some way (damn rapids)For those of us who are too drunk to care, it can actually be a blast.  Landscape is awesome.  People are fun and friendly.  It's a great way to beat the heat during an AZ summer and switch up the routine of hanging out poolside every weekend.The more prepared you are the better time it is, so be sure to take the advice of the reviews below (I'd list them, but I'm lazy and I don't want to be redundant).Important tip:  When starting out at Point 1, there's a part before you hit Point 2, where the river sort of diverges into two paths.  It sort of looks like the two parts will converge within like 50 yards or so, but it doesn't.  I'm the idiot who made this mistake and got sucked down one way when my group was going the other.  I got lost from my group, like Doug - Hangover style.  I was eventually reunited with my peeps (thankgod!), but it took an hour or so (I actually don't know how long it was but seemed like forever).  So the moral of the story is, don't think you're too boss to have ropes and once you have them, make sure you tie them tight.  You don't wanna have groups of people seeing you look like a loser floating down the river riding solo.  So embarrassing.
4	It was a great time to just relax with the family. I would tell you to bring a towel for each person and some rope to tie the tubes together so you can stay as a group. The only down fall of the place is that there online price to just rent a tube is in correct it stated that its 15 dollars for the tube and the bus ride or 3 bucks for the tube (to float you cooler) but they charged me 15 anyway and at that point its not worth the hassle.  But all and all it was a great time.
4	Fun and inexpensive way to enjoy and relax your day. It's become my favorite thing to do in Arizona beside the water park.  For $15 you can rent a tube and free bus ride for pretty much the whole day. River shoes is a must! Old tennis shoes work too trust me you'll thank me later.Bring sun screen on the tube with you and keep applying as you go, not just at the beginning. Bring a towel or a T shirt to wrap around the black tube because it will get really hot.Bring booze and beers and a cooler! Have fun!
5	Grab some friends, a small floating Bobber cooler with several bottles of water, a double wrapped 6 incher from Subway (placed in a zip locked bag and then in the cooler), sunscreen (apply it before you put on  your swimsuit, before you leave your car and again two-three times during your float), hat (protect your scalp, hair, face and neck from burning), old sheet to cover the tube (the black tubes get HOT in the sun!), $5 discount coupon from Taco Bell  so it only costs you $10 for the tube and bus (get the coupons while they last) and head to Bush Highway for some Salt River tubing.DO not, I repeat, DO NOT wear flip flops. Tevas with the back strap work great (and give you a cool looking tan on your feet after 4 hours in the sun), water shoes with rubber soles, or old tennis shoes- as long as you keep you shoes on all the time (depending on the flow of the river. The current at point 4 to exit the river can be very strong. That's when you'll thank me for telling you not to wear flip flops! You'll need to push your tube over river rocks against the current to get the shore...by yourself.It's a fun way to spend several hours with friends while floating and enjoying the scenery.
3	Salt River What-ing? Salt River Crunking? Salt River Blaring? The Salt River Standstill?No, no, no, Salt River TUBING.It's not really tubing though. It's drinking to excess and blaring music from a meh speaker until it's louder than the next person's, while sitting in a tube or something that simulates a tube, and hoping the water is going to pick up soon because it sure is hot and your SPF 70-covered shins are burning and so is the black tube you currently reside in (the one you wished you'd covered with a bed sheet like everyone else).So you undergo the standstill and pass quite a few my-speaker-is-louder-than-yours competitions from sound systems that have most likely been accidentally dipped in the not-very-clean-and-sort-of-smelly water and are creating a fuzzy, static sound. All things aside though, it's a decent time when your spouse is giggling with glee because the water is finally flowing and you've managed to find some solitude in this river-esque form (thank god for all those years of swimming that trained you for the specific moment in your life when you would swim your tubes away from frats who have been a bit too vulgar for a bit too long).They say alcohol and Salt River don't mix, but who cares? I think the cops do, because they were lined up at the finale of this fiasco, waiting to ticket. Therefore, drink with care and let's not get disorderly.The water's cold but you'll enjoy it in the 100-degree weather, and when the little white creatures we like to call marshmallows (yes, the spongy confection made of sugar) float to your legs and stick you with stickiness.Other than that, leave the wedding ring, not because you're going to meet anyone worth having an affair with, but because it may find a way to slip off your finger and no one's going to be happy if that happens. Leave the cell phone, wear old sneakers (they'll be soaked), and tie your car key to your favorite body part.The trip flies by. Gals will argue about whether or not it's been 2.5 hours, and could you please settle their argument by telling them what time it is because they have no means to check the hour. It's a short trip but still take water - it's Arizona and you may dehydrate. If you're a real hungry type, take a cooler in an additional tube that you will of course tie to your own tube with a rope. If there's no cooler involved, you may want to tie your tubes anyway, or be romantic and hold hands so as not to become the lone floater.It is what it is: tubing on a cold smelly "river" through the mountains with a bunch of folks who have had too much to drink on a hot day - an interesting experience.
1	Negative stars! Ugh, seriously, how can anyone give this place any stars at all? I guess if you're white trash and/or an alcoholic, you'll like the experience. I've done it once and I will never ever do it again, even if someone paid me. I've heard stories of people getting limbs amputated because they got cut in the river and the NASTY condition of the water got in their system and caused an awful infection. My hubby's old coworker fell off his tube and ended up swallowing a bunch of the water and came down with some sort of flesh eating disease. There are also bodies at the bottom that have never been found after they jumped off the cliff and died. Um, yeah! Absolutely THE WORST, most revolting experience I've ever had. This place should definitely be condemned and shut down.
1	Awful, awful, awful service...  Enjoy the Salt river on your own..  Do not depend on the dim wits that work at the rental place. They have no idea what they're doing, and the "supervisor" (that looks like an overweight backstreet boy reject) had no business talking to other humans..
5	I just got off the river and it was awesome. I am from TX and have tubed in New Braunfels and San Marcos and they don't come close to the Salt River. The water is prefect. The rapids are fun and make the float a different experience than just sitting in a tube. The surroundings are beautiful and serene. I can't wait to float again. I wrote this originally on July 11, we just got off the river again today. And we're going again tomorrow!
2	20 years ago I probably would have gone with five stars, but its important that people understand what this is.  First of all, the scenery is wonderful.  I saw wild horses and eagles etc...  But I went on a hot Saturday afternoon, and the wildlife that I saw in the tubes was far more extreme than the wildlife that was on the banks and in the air.Beware if you bring kids.  I don't have any, so this is seldom a concern of mine but the swearing, cussing, crude behavior (everybody brags about just peeing where they stand) and just out and out "trashy" behavior would really turn off the average guy.  One out of every 50 girls should be wearing the bikini's that are everywhere.  The other 49 should really just wear a normal suit.  Really ladies...there's nothing wrong with a normal bathing suit.  You don't need to compete.  We don't really need to see every one of the tatoos that you have.   But if you keep your eyes open you may see something rarer than a red-headed mockingbird.  There are some very attractive people hidden in the masses.  But some of them may still fool you and you'll realize its a disguise when they open their mouths and you hear "Hey @$$H073...where's the M07&%FU3&I@G cooler at?" Or any one of a number of profanities that really just kind ruin everything.Plus, its packed.  You can be wrapped up on the river with 50 other tubes on a Saturday.  And if you're not enjoying the company of the people around you, you're kinda stuck with them for a bit.  So beware.  If you're all about being crude and pissing in the water and getting into a fight because some drunk guy didnt like the way that you looked in his direction, then its a great time.  I had a decent time.  I don't have problems with people and I live and let live.  But I wouldnt want to take my niece and nephew.There's a time and a place for this kind of fun.  If its your kinda thing, do it.  Its a frat party on the river.  Just don't drink the water.
5	Floating on the river was a lot of fun! Four of us flew from LAX-PHX this past weekend, and my girlfriend ALWAYS talked about the river, and how fun it was. Salt River definitely lived up to its hype.What you do is rent a tube for $15 per person. We had eight people, plus two coolers, so we needed 10 tubes total and luckily we received all 10 tubes for free!! They will require at least one ID per five tubes. In our case, they just took five IDs for the ten tubes. After you're all ready, board one of the shuttles. They take you to different parts of the river, depending on how long you want to float down the river. We got off at the one that's about 4.5 hours from the bottom. We setup our tubes: tied sheets around them, tied the cooler tubes to one of the people tubes, then we were off!Just keep floating...avoid the trees, lift your body during rapids or when the water is shallow, keep hydrated, and HAVE A GOOD TIME! Technically alcohol is not allowed, but it is not enforced, at all. Watch out for people throwing jumbo marshmallows. It's kind of hard to get out of the water at the end because the river is flowing pretty fast, and it's difficult to navigate sideways.Tips before arriving:+ Do not wear any jewellery+ Bringing clothes/cover-up is not necessary, if you do, double ziplock bag it and it'll be fine+ Do not bring phones or cameras, unless it's waterproof+ Bring ice chests for your drinks, including lots of water!+ Bring food if you plan on being there for more than a few hours (we brought veggie wraps, chips & fruit)+ Bring sheets/towels to cover the tube for you to sit on (the tube get really hot otherwise)+ Bring A LOT of sunblock (I re-applied at least five times)+ Do not bring things that you mind getting lost in the water (for example, don't bring your nicest pair of sunglasses, or hat)The only downside is that I didn't bring a camera, so I don't have pictures to look back on! Oh well, mental photos will do. I can't wait to come back!
5	FAQs and Tuber tips: Go to the site's website, it's listed...First time tubing with my friends and cousins.  We parked the car, rented tubes for $15 each which includes the bus ride to the site.  We did the 2 hour course.  They have longer, but everyone said it's a drag.When we got to the site, we tied our tubes together and tied our cooler into one tube; if you want to save, you can buy a floaty at the store that's made specifically to hold a cooler or drinks, etc.  Anyway, someone got the wrong sized tube.  We got the big one so we took the longest time to trying secure the cooler with rope.  It was soooo hot.  Feet were burning and I was sweating like crazy trying to tie the cooler in well.Finally we get in the water and started floated away and drinking.  The black tubes were hot.  I can't believe my friends who went last time forgot to tell us to bring sheets to cover the tubes - burned our skin.  As we floated we hit some rocks and some walls.  Be careful if you try to paddle or kick w/ your feet.  I kicked a rock and it hurt!  Some areas are shallow, other areas were deep.  One of my friends let his ass hang low and ended up bruising it after colliding w/ so much rocks.We ended up running out of beer.  Make sure you bring enough beer!  We had given one beer away because this girl lost hers in the water; they regretted giving it away.  Then during the rest of the trip, they tried to mooch off others who'd be kind enough to donate.  Got 2 donates and one cigarette.  There was a group who packed their cigs in a water bottle and also put their lighters in another bottle.  Smart idea.We had so much fun chatting with others around us.  We saw a guy walking on water like Jesus.  We let him float w/ us because he lost his group, who were about a mile away.  We tried to keep him hostage so we can get beer from his group, but no cigar lol.We passed a section where ppl were cliffdiving.  It wasn't high but it looked fun.  If you want to do it, make sure your prepared to swim ahead of time.  My friends were down to do it but the river was moving too fast.  We saw a girl jump off topless, highlight of the day.  I tried to take pics of her with my (waterproof) camera but missed because the river was going so fast lol.  Near the end of the stop, prepare to get your feet hurt.  We had a hard time stopping and had these 2 guys help us.  Same guys even had a knife with them to help us cut our rope that kept the tubes together.  What life savers...Found out someone died at the river the same day we went.  PRetty sad.  Didn't find out why but make sure you go with a group of friends who know how to swim, or wear a life vest, and don't get drunk drunk.  It's supposed to be a fun event.What I didn't bring but will bring next time is music with waterproof everything.You can bring your own floats too.  If anything, one person can drop your friends off at the river and that one person rides the bus for $12 all day.  Saves money.Also, make sure you secure your shoes, people lost them at the river when we were there.  Also make sure you bring enough sunblock.  Some of my friends had to reapply many times.  If you wear sunglasses and think they may fall off, use a croakie.This was such a fun experience for me.  I'm so going again.
5	Wild Mustangs, Saguaro Cactus, camaraderie and debauchery while floating down a beautiful lazy river what's not to love?Weekends are nuts here. Weekdays a bit quieter but still tons of fun. Two of us came on a weekday last minute decision armed with a four pack of PBR tall cans purchased from the local Basha's(grocery store) down the street. The Walgreens right off the exit doesn't have much of a selection for booze I'd forego a stop here and head a mile south for the Basha's.We had to decide if we wanted to float down the whole river or just half. It was a bit past noon and we still had to drive back to so cal so we thought we'd go down only half of it and catch the shuttle back so we can drive home at a decent time. I'd  recommend setting aside a whole day for the salt river with a nice relaxing evening to recover because the sun n the booze takes a tremendous toll on you(more on this later).A quarter way down the river a group of Pima and Navajo Native American local girls rescued us as we drifted off course and were guilessly entangled in trees. They adopted us making jokes about how they were our Pocohontas and Sakajawea's. These girls were salt river pros and they had an unhealthy amount of alcohol with them which they generously and enthusiastically shared. Wahoo!! The salt river is best enjoyed with alcohol in hand and two tall cans of PBR per person is not enough. They navigated the river and we all proceeded to get baked by the sun enjoying the camaraderie.We ended our float trip with a sighting of wild mustangs drinking from the river. There must have been ten or more mustangs. We floated right by them. It was such a majestic sight! The girls said you only see them on the weekdays because it's too rowdy on the weekends and people scare them away. How Lucky!We were having so much fun relaxing and enjoying the scenery that we ended up floating down the river the whole day and were the very last ones on the last shuttle. Make sure you watch your time because the shuttle waited around for us but I was   told that if it gets too late they will leave people behind.An amazingly inexpensive and relaxing way to spend the day with nature. Unfortunately our drive home didn't fare so well. My floating partner consumed way too much alcohol and proceeded to throw up almost the entire 6 hour drive home. Didn't get home till 2 am and I had to pull over and stop almost 20 times for barf by the road sessions. Epic!!
1	Went there Sunday at 1 p.m. and were turned away--told the river is too shallow to make the 2 hour trip before closing.  Hmm, just had record rainfall, busloads of people returning from tubing, river looks as deep as I've ever seen it.  Not a good way to treat customers.  Update your website if you're going to pull this sort of thing.  Have been here before and had great time; not sure what's up with this business now.  They WERE selling bus rides to people who brought their own tubes.  Odd.
4	I didn't understand hot till I came to AZ! Salt water tubing was my little cool happy place. Just realize there is no ATM there. We had a few set backs at the beginning, but we were so lucky to had met one of the nicest staff members. Janice helped us so much! She is truelly a life saver. It was nice to know people will just help you out of the kindness of thier hearts.
5	OMG!  What a riot!  I had such a fun and hilarious time on my adventure down salt river.  We took my daughter and her friend here for the day and tied our tubes together along with some beverages in boxes and bags....I would highly recommend the premade drinks that come in those squishy bags....I had purchased some huge type of margarita in a box with a tap we just took the box off and let it float in the foil bag....you will want some marshmallows to soak and throw at peeps....believe me you will make friends out here.  We had so much fun and even saw some wild mustangs along the river's edge which was an added bonus.  If you are looking for something active and outdoorsy to do and take a break from the heat.....this is a great option...speaking of heat you do need to take some type of covering for your tube....they get hotter than hell.....
4	Salt River Tubing has been a summer tradition of mine for some time! As someone that lives right next door to the Salt river site it is hard to pass up! There is really not much to it, just sit in your tube and enjoy the ride! Things you will more then likely experience.... lots of drinking, loud music, marshmallow fights, crazy drunk people all of it add to the experience! GO and have a good time! It is one of the few outdoor summer things to do in the East Valley
4	the river is always a fun time! I would've given this place 5 stars, except that when we got dropped off at the start of the river there weren't enough tubes for my group (another group had accidentally walked off with one of ours) and the employees there were not helpful at all and basically told us - go down to the river and ask around and see if anyone has an extra tube... even though they had a HUGE stack of tubes there and they could've just given us one. annoying!tips:-double bag keys and cash-keep your butt up in the shallows (a few in our group got scraped and banged up on the rocks)-reapply sunscreen. and reapply. and reapply. I reapplied sunscreen four times and still got burned on my legs and stomach.-bring potato chips. I was really craving some when I saw everyone else on the river eating some!-bring sunglasses you don't mind losing. I lost mine, but luckily I had gotten them free. we even saw one guy who snorkels around and finds lost sunglasses - he sells the nice ones on ebay and gives the rest away to people tubing in exchange for beer lol-at least one person in your group should wear water shoes because there are parts where someone will have to stand up and push you or pull you out of the river at the end
4	I went for the first time on memorial day weekend, and it was totally fun. I did have some mishaps, but its mother nature, so I cant really lower the rating for that. I cannot emphasize how much you need to re-apply, and re-apply sunblock, and DO bring an extra one. I went overboard in some rapids and that sucked...just be careful...we all re-applied a lot  of sunblock and all got 2nd degree burns, and my room-mate actually has to go to a burn unit..thats how bad his is...The water levels were pretty low this weekend, so it was a little bit of a rough ride...did get banged up a little...not a huge deal, just be prepared for rocks.Other than my pale-ness getting me super burned I had a fun time. I would recommend that they implement cops or something at some of the checkpoints because the river was moving super slow and our supposed 4 hour trip turned into 6.5 hours and I literally felt my skin dying.also my tube popped, and I wish there was an area I could have stopped along the way to rent one..Instead I was stuck floating on my 6'3 husbands lap for 5 hours...I wish we could have caught a ride from someone out of there. There were some cops here and there, but I  saw a lot of people getting hurt etc and no one there to help them..well besides the people in the tube next to them. We met some cool people along the way..there were people with music bumping, tossing marshmallows, I even got a jello shot from someone..also be prepared to see girls flashing people for beer ....this place is not for the prudes!Dont take your cell phone with youdont take your keys with youIf you take cigarettes, you will probably soak thembe prepared, and for the love of god...dont bring your children there...this is no place for little kids..
5	This place is amazing! I have gone here every summer for the past 3 years! I ALWAYS have a great time! Make sure to bring marshmallow's for the wars! and put sheets on you tube because they get very hot!! Also make sure to get long enough rope to tie you and your groups floats together! It is a river, therefor there is a current that makes you drift, unless you plan on holding hands for 3 hours then i would suggest tying them together! SO MUCH FUN THOUGH! I would recommend this to anyone who likes water, and drinking all day with out a care in the world!
4	Pretty fun here. This is the party place of the summer thats for sure. It's a good place to escape for children. Everyone is drinking and having a good time. They throw marshmallows the whole time.... not to sure what that's about. There's a place to jump off a cliff. People are so into it they build sound systems into their coolers, so as long as you have an open taste in music you will have a great time the whole way!Lots of cops so if you plan on getting stupid wasted... here is not the place.
1	First of all, there's hardly any information online on hours and rental prices so after getting lost for a little bit trying to find the place we ended up getting there at 2:45. We get there only to find out that they only take cash (information that is not available on the website) and that we would have to drive 7 miles down the road to the nearest ATM and be back by the time they close rentals at 3:30 (also not on the website). We did that and got back at 3:15 only to find that they decided to close early for the day after specifically telling us that they would be open until 3:30. We essentially wasted 3 hours of our time and a lot of money in gas and all we got were coupons for $10 rentals in the future. WE DIDN'T EVEN GET TO GO DOWN THE RIVER. Waste of time, waste of a day, horrible customer service. I would rate 0/5 if I could, but because they are the only game in town I suppose I have no choice to go back Side note: $17 for a tube rental is a ridiculous price for a piece of rubber and a 5 minute bus ride.
1	Make no mistake, this is a booze cruise and is not family friendly.  We had observed the booze cruise of tubes from one of the recreation areas along the Salt River, but still wanted to give it a try as my daughter was finally old enough to go.  We thought that father's day might be a little tamer than the usual outing.  Who knows, it might have been.  Everyone brings marshmallows and litters them throughout the river.  One group had marshmallows the size of bricks.  I had to pick up one to figure out what it was.  Drunk people will also shot their water guns at you for fun, even if you have a small child.  Probably because they are drunk.  Some children through some water balloons at my wife.  When she confronted them, the father asked her what she was going to do about it.  This is a good representation of the type of people on the river.  I can see how this would be fun for social drinks, with or without kids, I suppose.  Bring your alcohol, and when you're done with a can, throw it into the river.  The bottom is lined with cans.  No glass is allowed.  It is also expensive for tubing compared to other tubing trips I've been on.  But guess what folks, that's how a monopoly operates.  High prices and poor customer service.
4	Tubing on the river was a BLAST! I'd really recommend this as a relaxing family or friend activity for the warmer summer months. It'd probably be ideal for May - June or September, but might be too hot for the July/August monsoon season. You MUST check out their website or call in advance to make sure you have all the info before you go. The important highlights are:- Cash only. They'll give you change but its $17 per tube rental (which also includes the bus ride). - Sunscreen is your best friend. Put it on before you leave home, before you get on the river, and at Point 2 if you're floating on the whole thing. - If you don't want to be on the river forever, check the height/flow before you go. We thought going from point 1 to 2 was the perfect length (about 2 hours, river was at 1100). - Bring a cooler with water (and your non-glass beverages of choice, but only IN ADDITION to water). You'll have to rent another tube for the cooler, but it's worth it. - Bring string/rope to tie your tubes loosely together. They don't recommend this but I would, only if you do it loosely. You don't want to be too close in the event that one of you gets stuck on a rock on the rapids and you all go under. - Bring a sheet to cover your tube (fitted sheets work well). The tubes are black and get incredibly hot in the sun, and they don't have any kind of bottom for you to rest on, so the sheet provides a nice seat.- Don't wear flip flops. You're practically guaranteed to lose them at one point or another.The only reason for docking them a star is because I feel like the price is a little high and you definitely have to do your homework before you go. Even if you bring your own tube, you still pay $14 for the bus ride. Definitely recommend this place for a fun weekday activity on a hot day!
5	Holy river rats Batman!!! How have I not done a review for my beloved SRT?!?! Lets change that.... Sploosh!~What to do~You float down a river for as long as 6 full hours. Its brilliant. For such a simple thing as floating down a slow-moving river, there are a bevvy of activities to do....~The Good~You have the ability to get such a large group together, it is wonderful to hang with friends and simply chill for the entire day. Floating down the river for up to about 6 hours, anything can happen. The camaraderie is so well versed here, you meet so many people randomly, it really is a big party. There is also so much to do, like hitting others with over sized marshmallows and not potentially getting murdered. You can also be a pirate, and not be considered mental. You can drink to excess and not be considered awkward and creepy while being drunk in public (within reason). In all seriousness, it really is a ton of fun. There are a lot of unwritten rules that tubers must abide by, I will cover some later, but this is a floating party....its a ton of fun. There is nothing like it out here, and any summer is incomplete without getting the gang together and swashbuckling on the river. The lead up to the day and getting the supplies ready for the big day is so much fun!~The Bad~Being a floating party, you have the drunks just like you'd expect. They can get rowdy, and stupid. If you are a party animal, you best have some good friends that know how to keep you in check. Otherwise, you may be floating at the bottom of the river and be as good as a rock you may encounter. Oh that's another thing, the rocks. People whom aren't expecting a river rapids to have some rocks will be mistaken when their tube encounters them. If you bring a cooler, you better hold on to it for dear life when going down each rapid, or your beers will go bye bye when it hits a rock. Hearing stories of lost keys and items is a common occurrence, but all these "bad" points are easily avoidable if you have a brain and use common sense/ask questions to veteran river-riders. The water can get pretty nasty, don't drink it. The water is cold, as expected. The sun beats down on you, as expected...are any of these really bad? Not really, if you....have a brain :-) Be open and don't be such a turtle in your shell or conservative, or just simply keep away from the river all-together.~The Down Low~Ok, so some simple things to remember:- Don't bring your kids, they do not belong here. The cut-off age I say is 13-15 years old, and that's if your group is filled with upstanding citizens. -Weekends are the busiest days, yet more fun with more people to float around with. -Get extra bags at the front to put trash in, don't litter. -Bring extra water if drinking, or you will be dehydrated and risk hurting yourself...and ALWAYS a DD, no Q's asked.-I suggest tying tubes together, despite what SRT says. It keeps the pack together.. If you have a huge group, then maybe break it up into smaller groups, but especially tie up your cooler so you can keep tabs on it...so, in other words: BRING ROPE!-Remember to grab from your closet some items, like bed sheets to put over your tube, or else you will burn yourself. Bring water shoes/old shoes you don't care much about. Do not dress to impress, keep favorite clothes AWAY from the river. -Tie your keys to yourself, unless you have a secure pocket which will not open up. -Remember to continuously apply sunscreen, don't stop or you will burn to a crisp. -Finally, bring a bag of marshmallows, its a ton of fun and everyone does it. I suggest one bag per person, but that's your choice. All in all, any downside the river has is significantly negated by common sense and preparedness. For that, and for the fact that the river is unlike anything in the valley, I rate it 5 stars. If you are from out of town, this is a must-go if you want to get away from the heat. Just remember the tips, and you will love it.
4	Had a great time tubing down the river. The entire trip took about 4-5 hours (there is an option to stop half way). The bus drops you off and picks you up. Bring at least 3 bottles of water with you. This is a VERY relaxing enjoyable trip. Pros:- BEAUTIFUL SCENERY- Water is GREAT- You run into some nice rapids- Cheap ($17)-  Drinking on the river is not a problem- Cliff jumping places along the way- Lots of nice birds- Not a lot of rules if anyCons:- Waayyy too many people, thousands of them and the river is crammed on the weekend. - people trash the river throwing beer cans and such, also some people maybe a little irritating
5	Why haven't I ever been tubing until now? Perhaps the thought of cobbling together a raft of floating feces frightened me. Or maybe the possibility of floating is a stream of urine turned me off. Either way, neither deterrent was evident this weekend. A group of eight of us went early Saturday morning. Luckily, I wasn't the only virgin on the trip; however, the other first-timer is 18 so there's no bragging rights here.Having researched their website, I knew I *had* to prepare myself for tubing. Applied sunscreen at home, once I arrived and twice while on the river. Brought an old fitted sheet that wrapped perfectly around the tube. Bought a twelve-pack of summer shandy and a Subway sandwich. I heard everyone who's been before that I should expect to lose everything that wasn't tied down. Turns out, we all ended our adventure with everything we took, but I threw out my sheet because the hassle of transporting a wet sheet wasn't worth the effort. Because we didn't tie up to each other, we just hooked our feet under the tubes. This allowed us to reconfigure throughout the trip. It also is a wicked workout, as my inner thighs are presently protesting being stretched so much and my abs are happily firm. That sounds dirty.Yeah, the water isn't crystal clear. And you're probably going to encounter people playing sucky music. A marshmallow might be bounced off your head. But if you're going with a good group of friend, you are bound to have a most excellent time. Just remember to bathe thoroughly when you get home. Twice.This weekend was also Halloween on the River, but I imagine it's like that every weekend.
5	This is one of the 5 top reasons to live in the valley and put up with the heat. Tubing naysayers talk about litter/pollution but hey that was 25 years ago. Been lately?We go several times a looong summer and each trip is a journey. In May, everything is so green! As the summer wanes, various blossoms come out and the river takes on a different personality. When the cottonwoods blossom, the trees drop  "snowflakes" as you float by.  Yesterday there were huge fluffy clouds that cast shadows on the mountains and looked spectacular. The black birds with the orange shoulders are my favorite. But the cranes are eye candy too. Fish jump, the wild horses drink and it's a lovely float. The scorching heat coupled with cold water is amazing. Tips for tubers over 50:Go midweek and midday to avoid the boom box drinking party groups. Sunscreen: apply before, during, during and during.Wear a hatWear water shoes!!!Bring a sheet and don't tie it onto the tube so you can sink into the tube and get the back support.Bring drinking water too!The shuttles are convenient and even civilized now.Get out of river sooner than later when you see the sign. It is difficult to get out of a tube that  you've been in for hours, in a fast current on slippery rocks.
5	A fun, crazy and cool way to escape the heat of the desert during the summer! I've always enjoyed my tubing trips and this past Saturday was one of the best. Of course it's all about the company you keep and what you make of any situation.We rented a van and had a designated driver (the ONLY way to do it in my opinion!). Dropped those of us with our own tubes/rafts off up at stop one and the rest went down to the tube rental/main shuttle bus stop where $17 was collected from each person for tube rentals and bus transportation. Our van was parked there to be picked up later. The bus dropped the group off at stop one to join us by the river where everyone gets ready and then we were off! Reports of dirty water and trash are pretty much unfounded in my opinion as everyone tries really hard to keep the Salt clean. The water is cool and the flow was perfect. Marshmallow fights, water guns/cannons along the way, music and fun make the float down the Salt the ideal way to spend an afternoon.Once we hit the bottom and made our way to shore as a couple of sheriff's vehicles keep watch over the slightly intoxicated crowd, we make our way to the bus stop where we get on the shuttle, go back to the tube rental area to turn tubes in and get in our van for the ride home.Is tubing the Salt an ideal family activity? Probably not. But it could be on a normal weekend. Just don't bring the kiddos out on big weekends or themed weekends when the crowd can get really big and rowdy and girls flash their boobs for beers. But it's a great place to go with a group of friends. Just be sure that along with your cooler of beer, you pack lots of water, some sandwiches and plenty of sunscreen! Oh yeah, and wear a hat!
5	The best way to spend ur summer in the desert!  The views were gorgeous!  Bring plenty of water, sunscreen, and a hat!  I enjoyed my first experience tubing with my girlfriend and friends.  I will definitely recommend everyone to try river tubing AT LEAST one time!!!
1	Completely disappointing disgusting experience.  Starting with out house toilets and no way to wash hands.  Cash only business, no mention of this on website.  Dirty river with trash, beer cans, cigarette butts, litter everywhere.  Other tubers which where impossible to keep away from because of the river flow where smoking pot, drinking beer, using foul language and blasting boom boxes.  No decent code of conduct what so ever..  My family and I were not able to escape the obscene behavior.  One star is very generous.  Do not recommend.
4	So I like tubing from Laughlin better, and I'll tell ya why:NO RAPIDS TO MOLEST MY BUTTThat's all.The rapids here are so rude, but that is my only issue with Salt River-- everything else is rad.
5	Love going tubing here! It is so relaxing and fun :) If you are white like me you will def. need sunscreen of SPF 50 or higher and will need to re-apply every 45 mins. (depending on which part of your skin is more prone to sunburn). Just a reminder to ALWAYS bring cash; they do not take cards and the nearest ATM is 7 miles away. All in all this place is so much fun and you'll always have a blast whether its a party of two to a party of twelve.
4	Based upon all the horror stories I was told prior to going, I was sure I was going to die, see a dead person, or both.  Or at a minimum come in contact with at least six horrifying water borne diseases.Didn't happen.I am pleased to say that not only am I still alive and kicking, my tubing experience was fun!  I was lucky to be with an experienced group, which I am sure helped since I had no idea what I was doing.Basically you rent a tube, take a a wild and bumpy bus ride from the parking lot to the starting point, link up to your group (and oh so important cooler) with rope, hop in and get going!The water was cool and clear, and the views of the canyon walls were gorgeous.  We even saw two groups of wild horses grazing along the river bank, an unexpected bonus!What I learned:- Go early - most likely my experience was as good as it was because the river wasn't crazy crowded during the time we were there- Bring a large towel to cover your tube.  They are black rubber and get toasty warm in the sun.  Also, the towel acts as a sling making the ride more comfortable- Don't bring anything that can't get wet - Wear shoes - when exiting the river, the rocks are slippery!- Bring snacks, drinks, lots of water and sunscreen.  Rent a tube for your cooler!- Have a designated driverTry it - you just might find you like it!
4	I have gone tubing here several times now, always on days when it was packed. Some people find it annoying tubing a crowded river, I find it more fun this way. There's a spot along the way that I always stop at and cliff-jump (it's not very high, but will get your heart pumping regardless). Other reviewers have done a good job explaining what you should and should not bring, so please follow those instructions, ESPECIALLY:1) If you easily burn, use sunscreen. Very important because you cannot really swim to cool off. Why? See #2.2) The water is filthy. Really, Arizona lakes are among the filthiest in the nation with the HIGHEST percentage of human fecal matter and urine. Disgusting, but as long as you're tubing and not swimming, AND you shower immediately upon arriving home, you'll be okay. Be aware that your clothes, your shoes, and your sheet are going to stink as well.3) Bring a white sheet to cover your tube with! Black inner tubes on a sunny day SUCK. Take this recommendation seriously.4) Wear SHOES, NOT flip-flops. You will be walking on somewhat-jagged rocks at least once or twice during this trip. Teva sandals are okay as long as they're truly secure, not flip-floppy.5) Bring something to keep food, valuables, etc. Dry. A cooler propped in its own inner tube works well.Read the other reviews for more tips, but the ones above I'm emphasizing because I learned those the hard way. Happy tubing!
4	Have been here a few times.  We like to go with people when they come in from out of town.  Read the prior reviews.  Bring plenty of water and sunscreen.  I wear a floppy hat because my bald head burns easy.  Plus I can dip it in the water and put it on for a refreshing feeling.  We always go early so we can get out before phoenix rush hour hits too bad.  Today was slower on the river early so we didn't have many people we could squirt with our water guns.  We would go back here again.  There were no dead bodies.  None of use perished.  None of us have water bourne disease.  Just watch the sun and the hydration and you will have a great time.  Oh yeah also have some water shoes.  Getting to the water and out of the water is very rocky.
5	Love it. Been here probably 30-40 times. Always a blast. Drunk or sober, w a small group or a large group. The water is pretty dirty like they say so if you are afraid to get a little dirty don't go.
4	Place is pretty great. It is very beautiful and the water was pretty cold. Great combo for the adventure. The water was most def dirty but I mean people are in there for hours... What do you expect? Its fun and is worth experiencing. Bring lots of eater and sunscreen and food and snacks!
1	Gross, nasty, bacteria infested water. Its sad because the scenery is beautiful. There are lots of rocks to scrap you and slip on. Not my type of fun. It's just a free for all out on the river-trash, marshmallow throwing, no restrooms and horse cramp. Never again.
4	One of my favorite things to do in Summer.  I average 3 trips a year. It's a lot of fun and perfect for groups. It's like a floating pool party.   Bring sunblock,  and don't bring valuables as you can lose them to the "river gods".  Despite what the haters have to say the water is fine, it's probably more clean than the lakes since that water just sits there stagnant.
4	RESPECT NATURE AND OTHER TUBERS!  I saw a bunch of beer cans at the bottom of the river and plastic bottles on the side.  They give away  free plastic bags for your trash so use them and don't forget to take them back with you.  I saw a bag full of trash floating on the river.  And contrary to what a poster wrote below, do NOT throw candies and marshmallows at each other.  Keep the water at its natural color, do not change it into gummy pink.  And contrary to the same foolish poster who asked the girls to show off their boobs, please DON'T.  Be mindful of the presence of small children.  This is not for THAT kind of fun, if you dig that, don't be cheap and go to strip clubs.  Let's show them that youth does NOT equate stupidity and disrespect.  Okay, now to the actual review.  It was a relaxing experience.  The depth of the water was knee deep (at the lowest) and about shoulders deep (at the highest) in late June and I stand 5'4".  So if you find yourself stranded on a rock in the rapids section, don't panic, just get up and walk away.  The rapids are just right for tubing not the kind that's rough suited whitewater rafting.  I'm sure the rapids/current depend on the weather and time of the year too.  The highlight of tubing was the wild horses!  Four beautiful, magnificent, wild horses which just showed from out of the bushes to drink and eat.  We were luck to see them as It was a first for us to see wild horses. Very cool! We confirmed it with the bus driver and the tube rental manager that they were indeed wild.  There's an Indian reservation there apparently, and wild horses frequent that area. At $17 per tube, I think it's pretty steep since their tubes are old.  However, if you have your own, you are free to use it.As for tips, just read up on the countless tips posted by other raters here as they are all very useful.
4	Good time for sure! Lasts for 2.4 to 4 or 5 hours depending how long you stop for and socialize. Don't be a fool and use sunblock and drink plenty of water! Get your own tube! It's 17 to rent and they hold your ID, other than that it's awesome!
4	Took the kids for the first time, expecting it to be a little more grungy but was surprised at how nice and smooth the transition went.  We were tubing in no time.  It's sad that others didn't respect nature and the river is lined with cans and bottles, but the views were great and the group that was around us the whole time were friendly and fun.  I hear weekend is a little tougher, more of a party atmosphere so I am glad we went during the week.Don't pack too much, two hours go by quickly.
4	On weekdays, bring the whole family and have a blast! Make sure you use sunscreen and reapply twice while you're on the river! Pack your cooler with some beers, plenty of water, some sandwiches and snacks and you're good to go. It's also super fun to bring a bag of marshmallows to toss at fellow tubers (it's all in good fun, and they'll throw them back at you). We saw wild horses and had really fun interactions with other people :) On weekends, do not bring your children!!!! It is a drunken mess, of both people and litter in the water. Fun if you're young and have a designated driver.
1	My husband and I along with our children, flew in from another country to spend our last week with our oldest son who will be leaving for boot camp with the US marines shortly. We rented a van (only my husband was registered to drive) and drove over an hour to the salt river recreation park on July 17 2014 at 12:50 pm. The plan was that he would drop off my 11 yr old daughter, 17 yr old son along with myself and pick us up at 7 pm.  Upon arrival we were informed that because my husband and six yr old brought us and stepped foot on their property we would not be allowed to tube. We stated that my daughter and husband were only dropping us off as we rented the van that only he could drive,  but the senior staff rudely informed us that this was their policy  and they were not going to change it. They were completely heartless, rude and offered no apology for the fact that their website had no mention of this policy. We will never know what fun we could have had but were very disappointed with the staffs response. At no place on their web site does it state that tubers will be denied if they are dropped off or have someone under 8 yrs old in their car on their property. Yes we knew she could not tube and had no plans of even having her stay. The staff were completely unworkable and even admitted that this is not stated anywhere on their web site. As bad as this is I would have appreciated them saying," We are sorry you drove all this way but come back tomorrow and ask for me and I will give you a deal as this was not your fault." This would have been true customer service even in a hard situation.
4	Tried this for the first time yesterday. It was blazing hot and the water was wonderfully cold. You need a nice afternoon free cuz it takes about four hours once you start your float down. Bring sunscreen, ropes and a squarish cooler for lunch and beer or soda. (Also marshmallows, not for eating....trust me on this ;-) Please reapply sunblock! You will fry otherwise!!!!My only concern would be for those who want to bring younger kids. First of all, ALL kids must be over the age of eight. Some of the rapids can toss you around a little bit so just keep an eye on the kiddos. Plus, there are lots of college kids drinking. Now, we had no problem with them, but some drunk guys did ask me to show them my boobs. They took my refusal in stride, but maybe it isn't appropriate for small kids. Some girls will flash and maybe you dont want your kids to see that....so....just a warning.Otherwise we had a great time. I will definitely be back!
5	If you are prepared, you will have the time of your life on this river!  The scenery and the river are so beautiful.  If you're lucky you will see wild horses, wild pig, all kinds of colorful and beautiful birds and fish.So to prepare:  use plenty of sunblock and keep reapplying it.  Wear a hat and protective clothing or a tee shirt.  Bring plenty of water, some food to eat and a rope to tie your tube to the tube you must rent to hold your cooler.  Bring something to play with (or just hold hands and talk with your favorite person)!  Bring a Frisbee or something to paddle with when you hit stagnant water.  Stick together and make sure you don't go any further than pick up #4.We loved our day on the river and can't wait to go back!
5	First tube ride with 5 others.july of 2014.its not recommended to tie tubes together but we did it anyways and.didnt have any trouble on the.water.we all.loved it. Drank.plenty of cold.beer as.we.float along.met another group who.had a floating radio.bumping music.alot of flirting with them river girls :-) dont.forget some kind of hat for shade and sunblock you'll be.ok
5	BEST TIME EVER! You will not be disappointed, just follow The Rules. The Rules:1. Bring a big cooler. 48qt coolers fit snugly and securely in the rental tubes and you don't have to worry about them flipping during the rapids.  2. Wear sunscreen, sunglasses, and a hat. You're in the sun for 3-5 hours and unless you're going for the "Lobster" look abide by rule 2. 3. Don't wear flip flops! Wear a crappy pair of shoes the whole time. This'll save your feet when you need to push off the shore and/or jump in the water to push your tube through slow spots, etc. just do it. 4. Beer, Water, Food. It wasn't hard for my group of late 20somethings to drink 10-15 beers per person. Plan ahead so you don't have to have the girls in your group get their Girls Gone Wild on to get more beers. Bring really small water bottles too and throw them out to everyone in your group every so often. Single serve bags of chips and zip locked sandwiches work best for food. You will get hungry. 5. Marshmallows. Bring 1 bag of regular sized ones per person and participate in the friendly river rivalry that will undoubtedly ensue! 6. Bring a shower radio so if you're not next to a group with music you've got something. This is the cheapest alternative so feel free to go big on this one. 7. Avoid swimming with a beer in your hand. You never know when a deep spot will come and you will want both arms available for life saving operations. 8. BRING LINE (rope). You WILL need it to tie off to one another. Summary: It's an awesome experience! Just plan ahead and go with the flow ;)
5	Good Times!!! Saturdays are the busiest, with lots of people floating down the River just looking for a good time. Also, don't forget the Marshmallows!! You'll see why once you get there. Also sunblock and water  are a must! Lots of fun and good memories!
3	We drove up from Tucson with our family and another family.  When we went to get our tubes we where told they only take cash not debit. We also found out ATM machine was 15 minutes away. After driving back to get cash we were told it will take 4 1/2 hours to get back. We really enjoyed the river.  Beautiful surroundings and great company.  After 2 HOURS we were back. We decided we would go back another time. When we asked the driver to take us back up we were told no. After speaking to the bus manager asking why, since the float time is only 2 hours we where told it again it is  a 4 hour float.  For a two hour drive it is not worth it.
1	1 star for Salt River Tubing and 5 stars for the river. The river is fun and relaxing with beautiful scenery but I would recommend bypassing the tube rental and bus passes from Salt River Tubing. Renting a tube costs $17 or a bus pass is $14, but you can go into town and get an adventure pass for your car for $6 and float down the river on your own with your own tube. The only issue with that is you will need two cars, one parked at  point 2 and the other parked at the end of the river at point 4. Most of the people we encountered did this, especially the locals. If you only have one car most likely fellow tubers will give you a ride back up to your car (obviously that's a risk though). So my boyfriend and I drove 7 hours from San Diego to Arizona to go tubing. The website indicates that tube rentals close at 2pm but you could still take the bus later than that. We called ahead of time and we were told that the river is moving slow and to hurry because they are going to close soon. We arrived at 1 o'clock, literally speaking to the people that work there minutes prior to arriving. What I assumed were park  Rangers, as they were carrying weapons, were extremely rude and would not let us into the park even though we told them we just talked to the people at the front desk a minute ago and they said it was okay to come in as long as we had our own tube. We also told them we drove 7 hours to be there but they didn't care, they probably just wanted to go home early. Finally after begging several people to let us in and we finally got to the front we were told that the last bus just left, sorry. They really should indicate current conditions on their website so people from out-of-state don't drive several hours to be turned away. Finally a gentleman, possibly a manager, walked up to me and said if I can get on the bus right now they will call a bus over for me. But my boyfriend was still blowing up the tube and we needed to fill up our attached cooler so they wouldn't wait for us. Well I wasn't taking no for an answer, I was determined to go tubing, so after asking around I found that you can go into town and buy an adventure pass and go down the river from point 2. That's what we ended up doing and it was fantastic. I would highly recommend doing it this way, so you don't have to deal with the rude staff who doesn't care about their customers or worry about making it back to the bus on time.About the river. It was really beautiful. As other reviewer's have mentioned, there are wild horses and it's wonderful observing them in their natural habitat. I didn't think the fellow floaters were too wild, I didn't see any Mardi Gras type  flashers. Some people had noisy music but most people were just relaxing and chilling and things weren't too crazy. It seemed kid friendly, it was a bit dirty, as there is tons of marshmallows floating around. I don't get that, why the other yelp reviewers recommend bringing marshmallows and throwing them in the river? It just pollutes the river and the sticky fluff get stuck to your legs, feet and tube. My recommendation, leave the marshmallows at home or leave them for the campfire.  Bring water guns or bubbles if you want to have something fun to do. Polluting the river by throwing marshmallows at people or at fish, isn't my idea of fun.There are some shallow rocky parts of the river, do NOT wear sandals. I must repeat this again. Do not wear sandals! They will fall off your feet and you will lose them, my boyfriend learned this the hard way even though I told him several times to wear swim shoes or tennis shoes. It's not pretty walking through the river without a shoe on. Other than that bring a cooler full of water, snacks and ice and throw your trash away in the trashcans. Keep the river beautiful and clean. Happy tubing!
5	SERENE * FUN * AN ADVENTURE * AMAZINGGOD ain't no joke people.We experienced this trip via Fred's Playland (San Diego) and had a BLAST!  So happy this is one of his annual trips.  We'll be back.  This time more prepared.  Which basically means, with our liquor.  LOL!
4	This was a fun float. Slow at times but the Rapids make up for it.  Locals party on the river.
5	It was really a great time! We spent some time looking into it before we even moved here. A couple weeks ago we heard they were only open for a few more weeks so we decided last weekend to give it a try. We didn't know what to expect so we decided to bring water instead of BEER! Well that was a mistake! hahaWhen we got there, they told us they were only running from #2-#4 and it was about 4hrs. Im not going to lie, we almost walked away, but we decided what the hell!!! Very organized, gave them a DL and got 2 tubes. We hopped on the bus and a few minutes later were dropped off at the launch. The water was pretty damn cold compared to what was expected, but it was nice! Scenery, Top Notch! We even saw Wild Horses drinking on the side of the river. Be sure you read through their list of things to bring before you go. I'd suggest a towel or sheet to lay over the tube because the black rubber can get super hot in the sun. As it turned out, its 4hrs if you sit your lazy ass on the tube and float away. My wife and I paddled and swam a bit and did it in about 2.5hrs. You get to the end, get out of the river, back on the bus and you're back at the headquarters.Something we'd definitely do again, but next time will add a floating cooler, beer, beer, beer, beer, & probably bring some beer. You can also stop at several spots on the side of the river and have a nice Picnic if you'd like. A water proof radio would have been nice, but the large Party Group behind us were playing a decent mix of music.
3	Finally got back up here after 4 years away, this time joined again by Mike C. and Danielle C., and by newbie Jackie R.  The two hour ride we enjoyed last time, from Points 1 to 2 was unavailable today as the staff said the water was too low up there.  That forced us to ride down from Points 2 to 4, which was a long 4-hour event.On this ride there were a number of rapids areas where the water was low enough that it was difficult to avoid big rocks slamming you in the butt as you zoomed over them, and at a couple of places we had to stand up & wade through the water a little.  Thus, I have to say that the time to do this outing is by Labor Day, not during these late September Friday through Sunday openings.With all that said, the air and water temperatures were fine, the scenery is beautiful up there, the other tubers were friendly and we all had a good time today!     :-)Tube Rental + bus rides to and from the river currently lists for $17 but we had free coupons and actually paid $10 each.  It's cash only, no glass containers, age 8 & up.  Also, bring at least sun screen lotion, shoes or strap sandals (not thongs!) suitable for water, and drinking water.  Hats & sunglasses are a good idea, too.
4	PROS: This place is so fun!!! The river is a great spot to chill with and make new friends. The company makes it easy with frequently running buses, and there are a decent number of people on staff makes lines move quickly even on busy days.CONS: The river is absolute ratchet trash. I mean this physically and metaphorically: physical trash like beer cans and marshmallows; metaphorically trash like people who have tramp stamps and tribal tats.COOL: We saw wild horses.NOT COOL: These randos attached themselves to our pod like Somalian pirates and kept squirting us with water guns.NOTES: You need cash money and your ID. BRING SUNSCREEN!
