5	Cami straightend my hair  with a non formaldehyde product.  I have curly frizzy hair.  I went to London and Paris in the spring ( 2 weeks ago) and my hair looked the best it ever has-even in the humidity and drizzle.  I was thrilled.  I would be outside all day in the weather and I never even had to re-blow or straighten it with an iron.  I am so happy to have met Cami and I love my hair!!
5	I came here for a wax appointment, and was not disappointed!  Cami was professional and made sure that I was comfortable at all times.  Such a service can make a person feel or nervous, but coming here will make you feel right at home and done by a person who knows what they are doing.  The type of wax that she uses is different than the traditional warm wax which makes the waxing process faster.  I would definitely recommend visiting Cami for any of your waxing needs!
5	I bought a grouponnow deal for a Brazilian wax with Cami when my other wax lady had to cancel last minute. That was the best thing that has ever happened to me!!! I LOVE Cami and the wax she uses. She uses a hard wax so no strips are needed. It wasn't as painful as a traditional wax and she took her time to make sure it was perfect. She was so nice and made me relaxed. I already made my appointment for the next one!
5	This is my second hair straightening procedure that I had done at Cami's salon. I washed my hiar today.  It is fantastic,  I have coarse frizzy hair and I love the silky straight hair I have now.  She did my hair once before and it lasted 6 months!!!  I have had several others and have done it myself but Cami is by far the best.  Just remember that you cannot wash your hair for 48 hours so do not do this right before a big event.  If you want straight hair and no frizz this is the place.  No horrible fumes like the Brazilian either..
5	If this had been my first Brazilian experience instead of my 2nd, I wouldn't have been so scared. I was definitely more comfortable this time around, especially after knowing the type of wax that's used. It's warm wax that molds it's self to all the little nooks and crannies and can be taken off with ease without the use of strips. It is a HUGE plus! With in 20 mins my pitts and bikini area was hair free. There's a great deal going on that can't be passed up, buy 3 waxes & get 1 free for $120. You pay the first time you use this deal and she will keep tally of your visits. I highly recommend this place.
5	I thought I would miss my waxer in Atlanta but Cami took good care of me. Great service and the experience was great. Awesome product used and i felt very smooth with mininmal pain.
5	Cami is wonderful had my hair cut and eyebrows waxed priced well and very good at what she doses.
5	Cami is AWESOME! Super fast and incredibly thorough! And of course thorough is what you want when getting a brazilian! :) Cami has seen it all and waxed it all and knows what she's doing. She was able to schedule me on short notice and accommodate a change in my schedule when I needed to move the appointment time. The studio is smaller than I expected - just one room - but it's clean and she locks the door so there is privacy. I would absolutely go back to see Cami again next time I'm in town. Thanks, Cami!!
5	Cami is my favorite waxer (wax aesthetician?)! I live in San Francisco (but visit Phoenix for family) and have been trying to find someone local to me for ages - I've tried all the best of yelp and am not happy. But Cami is SO GREAT! She is incredibly fast and pretty painless (as painless as a brazilian can get, anyway), VERY thorough, and my favorite part - no redness or irritation afterwards! No ingrown hairs, no soreness, no bumps. I wish Cami would move to SF!! Oh - she did just move to a new location that is much nicer and fancier and way more spacious. Cami gets an A+ from me - go see her!! :D
5	Wow - that was the best eyebrow wax EVER!  Cami was so meticulous and the wax she uses doesn't hurt at all!
5	After moving across the country a few weeks ago, I realized it was time to take care of myself again instead of just unpacking boxes. Infinite Beauty is just 2 blocks away & besides being convenient, Cami the owner is sweet as can be, does an amazing job at waxing, & her techniques help make the experience as painless as (I can imagine waxing being) possible!
5	Cami is a goddess!I seriously had the best Brazilian wax of my life (nearly 10 years of waxes). I've been wary to try new places since I moved from Minneapolis, but Cami made me an Infinite Beauty convert! The Brazilian: Cami uses hard wax, and her technique made it the least painful wax ever! She was crazy thorough and went after the few stray hairs with tweezers! I loved how thorough she was. I normally have to catch the few strays on my own at home, but with Cami, I was able to go on my vacation worry free!The brow wax: She used an Anastasia stencil kit, which I was wary of, due to the fact that I've never used one before. It was awesome! After we got a general idea of the brows, Cami tweaked the look to my preferences!I completely recommend! If you're unsure, check it out!!!
5	When I moved to Scottsdale from Minnesota last May, I was worried I wouldn't find another waxing salon like the one I had been going to for years. I was completely right. Cami blew my old salon right out of the water. Her technique and skills are amazing! Hardly any pain, which was nothing like what I used to experience, and a very quick recovery time, which is rare for me with my sensitive skin. I'm moving up to Cave Creek and I don't care - I would drive over an hour to see Cami if I had to. Her salon is extremely clean and I feel completely comfortable there. She also does my eyebrows, which of course look better than they ever have before. Do yourself a favor, save some pain and irritation and check out Cami. You won't be disappointed!
5	I highly recommend Cami! She is truly an expert in Brazilian waxing and I wouldn't go anywhere else for it. She cares about her clients and always gives excellent service! :)
5	Cami did excellent work both times I saw her. She has a great maintenance program so if you go to her frequently there is a discount.  Also if you go more often it is a much easier visit!  Cami's new salon is beautiful and calming. Also she uses the hard wax and foil onthe dipstick to ensure everything is sanitary!
5	Great salon!  Cami was fast and professional.  Priced right and discounts with a maintenance package!  I'll be back!
5	My first time visiting Camelia. This woman is absolutely the best at her craft she's an expert!! I will definitely recommend her to my friends and I will be back. Thank you for making my first experience a really good one.
5	The stylist I have known for years has just moved here from Scottsdale. She is fantastic and I will follow her wherever she goes. She has got me through 2 major changes in style. She is professional, creative, and endlessly optimistic. I also come away feeling restored. The salon was calm, efficient and had great music.
