4	Fun great NEW bar to hangout at with friends there's 60 beers on tap lots of muisc on the junkbox TV's ect .. And the owner is a sweet heart heart.. U have to check this place out.. O.. And they have good coming soon in July
5	Recently visited the area for the first time and Carmella's was suggested. Excellent infused liquors!! I had berry infused vodka while my boyfriend sipped on bacon infused bourbon. It was all great! The beer selection was incredibly impressive as well. The owner was very nice, we spoke with her about when she opened and her plans for the business. We can't wait to come back to the area for another visit and see how this place could possibly get any better!
5	Stumbled upon Carmella's while checking out the bar scene for the first time in South Side a while ago and found it to be a refreshingly low-key place to just chill out for a bit. It wasn't too crowded and while we were waiting for our drinks some girl asked the bartender if there were any to-go cups for her alcoholic drink, haha she was probably from Vegas or something. Anyway, we shared a laugh with the bartender and a couple weeks later we came back to Carmella's and asked the bartender for to-go cups and she gave that same confused look before recognizing us and sharing another LOL. Good times~
5	we loved the food and the place is great!! I was amazed at the complexity of flavors in each dish but nothing was too weird; the dishes were each unique and really outstanding. With three people we had 3 apps and 3 entrees and 2 desserts and all agreed we were full/ satisfied but not unpleasantly stuffed.The overall decor and vibe is very cool. Cocktails are outstanding especially if you like bourbon and scotches.
3	Carmella's a newcomer on Carson Street, replacing the trusty and rusty dive bar Intermission.  Like several other new places in Pittsburgh, Carmella's is trying to capitalize on the current popularity of prohibition-type cocktail bars. As a bar, it succeeds. As a restaurant, not so much... yet. Decor:  Picture yourself inside an old hunting lodge, only cleaner. No. Picture an Abercrombie and Fitch without the smell of Fierce cologne choking you. Moose heads on the walls, cozy fires, men and women sharply dressed in vests and plaid. But instead of selling you $60 sweaters, these fine folks are selling you handcrafted cocktails, beer, and whiskey. The latter, in my opinion, is a much better way of spending your money. Service: The servers and bartenders are incredibly friendly and attentive, which is great! I know this sounds odd, but Carmella's is the only place I've ever been to that overdoes the service. This is not first class seating on an overseas flight to Dubai. I don't need a hot towel before I start tucking into my appetizer. Notwithstanding, servers are well versed regarding both drinks (they can tailor drinks according to your taste) and food.  Speaking of the food..."Plates":  Let me say that all of the dishes I have had at Carmella's are as delicious as they are innovative.  The head chef and Cutthroat Kitchen winner - true story - creates amazing food. We were given tiny tasters of watermelon and lime with cilantro as a palate cleanser. The gnocchi is light and smothered in a decadent bolognese sauce with mascarpone cheese.  The lamb meatball is incredibly flavorful and will leave you wanting more. The charcuterie appetizer (pricey at 20+) is an intuitive pairing of meats and cheeses. So what's the problem? The plates are so small they couldn't satisfy a mouse's hunger. There were barely four or five gnocchi and one singular medium meatball for my friend. If Carmella's wants to market themselves as a tapas or small plates restaurant, that is fine (hint: they should!). But that is concept is completely lost on the menu. Currently, the appetizers and entrees are separated by sections but are the same size - tiny. A table for two would need at least four or five items to satiate their appetites. Add a few drinks, you are looking at a large bill! All that is needed is a simple re-write of the menu and perhaps a slight increase in portion size. Hot small plates. Cold small plates. Desserts. Order a few and share! Problem solved.Drinks: Extensive and decently priced whiskeys from the tried and true Jonny Walker to my lesser known favorites like Yamazaki and Angel's Envy. Handcrafted cocktails and and an incredible selection of affordable draft beers. I don't have to go on because this review is already rather verbose. TLDR; Carmella's does the "Pints" part perfectly. The delicious "Plates" need a little more explanation and organization and I will happily give them five stars when that happens.
5	Love the environment.  My wife and I are slowly becoming regulars because of the ambience, crowd, and (for me) the whiskey club.  Their whiskey portfolio is extensive.  The food is delicious, but pricey and a tad small for me.
