3	I am torn because I really wanted to like this place, and there certainly are plenty of reasons to as well.  The staff is overly  friendly and nice, the place is new so it was clean and the service was good- even for opening night.  The problem I had was the wings themselves, they tasted like something you would get in the deli at a grocery store- they were small and the sauce, while hot, lacked any original flavor.  I will probably go back based on how nice everyone was, but just to have a cold beer and watch a game.  The wings were a disappointment.
3	I read the first review and decided to try for myself. My wife and I sat at the bar because there was a long wait for a table. It's been open 3 days and it's packed. Lots of TVs, good music, and thevwings were really good. We had the boneless wings with mild BBQ sauce and I had Fat Tire beer. We'll come back. Nice neighborhood place. Staff very friendly as the first review said.
3	Got take-out from there on Superbowl sunday - luckily it was very early in the day so there wasn't a long wait. Interior seems very kid-friendly and there are A LOT of televisions inside! One nice touch is a number of the TVs face the outside patio, which should make for a lively scene in the summer.As for the food - we had a cross-section of boneless and regular wings, as well as one order of fries and some salad. The wings are good quality - the chicken is real and the size of the boneless wings is very good. The breading is average however and all the sauces are on the mild side, too mild in fact. I would go up one level on the heat if you order them unless you like your wings very mild.The blue cheese dressing is the real deal and the cole slaw is very good. The fries (or rings) are the one item that is really bad - they are flavorless and were cold when I got them. Overall this is a good addition in the neighborhood, but other places (Buffalo Wild Wing or even Chez Moz) have better product.
2	Not great, but not terrible either. We'd heard good things from a friend, and went in pretty optimistic. The restaurant itself is typical sports bar- lots of tvs, full bar, etc.But, after receiving our menus we were disappointed to discover the first 2 things we tried to order were not available. They stopped serving curly fries (but hadn't updated their menu), and were somehow out of the appetizer we wanted. Blah! The wings my husband ordered were ok, but unremarkable. I got their gyro sandwich for something different, and it was pretty good.Overall I left the place with mixed feelings. I may go back and give them another shot, but I'm not in any hurry to eat there again.
2	I went here for a late lunch today and was not very pleased when I left.  The food was pretty good - the onion rings I had as an appetizer were really quite good.  My main gripe was the service - terrible is the best way I can describe it!  Our drinks were never refilled by our waitress, we had to ask another waitress for them, and when it came time for our check, the entire paying process took over 15 minutes.  I could understand if the restaurant were swamped, but we were one of maybe 10 tables in the entire restaurant.  It may have just been bad luck as to who we had for service, but it really dampened my overall experience.
3	Went here for lunch with a coworker and while the service was poor ( Suzanne took a few minutes to seat us even though we were the only people there, screwed up our sodas and took about 10 minutes to get our check from the table to run the card ), the food was really good!I had the lunch chicken pita with onion rings and it was point on! I got some xtra hot on the side and it was good (though next time I'm trying atomic since the xtra didn't make me reach for my water). My coworker got the 5 wings with a side salad and fries. Looked good, and he said they were on point (he got the garlic wings).All in all the food was 4 star, but the service was sadly lacking in a big way (especially for being so slow!). I'll try it again, and update my review accordingly!
3	Went there to watch the Sunday night football game - fairly empty bar area so service was top notch! Things that made me happy:1. The sweet potato fries - I'm a big fan and these are just right, shoestring thin, lightly salted.2. The boneless wings - high quality chicken, lightly breaded then tossed in hot sauce. Simple, spicy classic. Blue cheese on the side was homemade.3. The 'Crazy' sauce - some sort of hybrid bbq/buffalo sauce. Mighty tasty.4. Sweetwater 420 on tap - 'nuff said.Things I didn't like:1. Fried pickles - what's up with frying the entire spear? They should learn from the Penguin.2. Mind-bendingly loud in the bar, not from people but from the TV's! My gosh, it was so bad that I thought my ears would bleed.
3	Very typical sports bar setting - many tv's. We were ordering the big tall beer container things which held about 7 beers for $14 - great idea for a game with friends.I cannot comment on food - but they appear to have typical fried bar food. Service was spotty but friendly. I asked for a water- which was forgotten but she eventually remembered about 10 min later. I wasn't overly concerned about this though but I could imagine it may be a problem if the place was busy and/or you really were thirsty/hungry. Since I am not much of a sports patron I might not go back - but if you are (and happen to live close by) this may be your place !
2	First impressions last.  I came to check out this place for the first time today at lunch.  I came in, no smiles, no greetings, just a glum face from this young-looking hostess.  I grabbed a menu, looked at it and still nothing from the hostess wearing a Panthers jersey.  I finally came up to her and ordered takeout.  Bottom line, I deal with people all the time and I'm a big believer of good customer service.  This place has none.  And that's on the manager.  I give it two stars for the decent food and, for the waitress checking on my takeout to make sure everything is there.  There is a pattern of bad reviews.  The manager needs to get it together.  I am not coming back anytime soon.
3	Regular sports bar setting....tv's everywhere. It is definitely kid friendly.
3	My kids and I really enjoyed this family friendly sports bar...you get what you'd expect...mid priced bar food...and it's good.  I'd prefer a more diverse beer selection (all domestic, no variety) but otherwise we left pleased..will visit again!
2	if you want to nibble on snack food and drink beer and watch a game then GREAT--- go here. It is a sports bar, it is far from a family place to eat lunch for sure. there are TV's everywhere.The wings are just ok, nothing to brag about here. I orgered the lemon pepper wings, which when the menu says pick your SAUCE I figure that is a wet thing. uh no. my wings were fried and then lemon pepper seasoning dumped on them.What I find very wrong is they charge you extra if you want ranch/blue cheese dipping sauce or celery???? WHAT? as if the wings are not expensive enough now I have to shell out $$ for what should be included.Our waitress was sorta clueless as she gave someone else our ticket and they had already left. now we made out a little better cuz it was about $2 cheaper but I cant believe she didnt even try to fix it.We wont be back
3	It was okay - could be better, but I have had worse. It was extremely crowded on a Sat. night, and there were 2 big (somewhat local) college football games being broadcast: Clemson vs. Ga Tech, and USC Gamecocks vs. Tn.Titans. These 2 colleges have quite a big following in this area, and that may have been why so crowded - I'm not sure. At any rate, after we waited about 10 mins to be seated, the waitress was quick to get our drinks and appetizer (onion rings) order. They were delivered rather quickly by a food runner while the waitress happened to be standing by our table, but... they didn't have the sauce. When the waitress came back by, I asked her about it to which she said they didn't come with sauce. I pointed out that according to the menu they do and she got us the sauce. I had 5 "X-Hot" wings - Buffalo style which were VERY good. They were hot enough but not so hot that I couldn't enjoy them. I also ordered 5 "Hot" Garlic-Parmesan wings. NOT my favorite AT all; I don't care for them. I ordered their Blue Cheese dressing (with my celery) and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD good!  Things were fine til I visited the bathroom. When you look up, you can see a layer of dust on top of the rustic wooden stalls. Also, the toilet tank needed to be cleaned, which to me, indicates a lack of deep everyday cleaning. It took a while to get our bill, even after our waitress had removed our empty dishes and such. I finally had to ask her, but due to this being a sports bar environment, she may have thought that we were wanting to spend more time watching the games. I'll give her the benefit of the doubt on that one, afterall, she was very nice and for such a busy night, quite attentive - EXCEPT when I had to ask for my water refill. Unfortunately, ALL servers everywhere NEVER seem to want to refill water! I don't drink sodas, and would have had an unsweetened iced tea had it not been so late at night. Not everyone that orders water with meals is doing so just to "be cheap!"
2	Went here after a sports competition on a Saturday night. The place was completely packed, and they had (8) Kansas vs. (4) Missouri on the tv sets mixed with some local basketball teams. Drinks came out somewhat slow, although that was somewhat expected. I ordered the barbecue burger (or whatever it was) sans bacon and the onion rings, so essentially it was a burger with cheese and barbecue sauce. It was okay. The bun was okay, the burger was okay, the sauce was somewhat below average. For the same burger, I actually preferred Chili's rendition, and I'm not a big Chili's fan. The fries were very good, although there was no ketchup on the table, and the waitress didn't come around. Oh well. Drink refills were somewhat slow--we had to get the waitress over to refill the drinks. They dimmed the lights and killed the basketball to put UFC on every tv. Very disappointing--not a big UFC fan at all. Overall there's really not a great reason to come back other than it's within 5 minutes of my house.
3	One of our regular spots here... This place serves arguably the best wings I've ever had and it's also got a good selection of beers!We love the outside tables (where the music is not so loud and it feels more relaxed), but they definitely need to improve their service.I didn't give them 4 starts just because of that - they do tend to get swamped very easily...
3	Went here most recently for a weekday lunch, but have been here about five times for either lunch or dinner. We ate lunch outside two days ago and were swarmed by flying ants; not cool. Bring your bug spray!Overall, the place has lots of TVs and has a sports bar feel; nice. The buffalo chicken wrap is good.
1	We've been visiting this restaurant off and on for over two years. Each time we go, the service is wretched so we'd wait a few months and try it again. The staff turns over quickly and never seems to be properly trained. But, the food is good which is what kept us going back. Went back today after 6 months or so. The service was even worse than before and seemed far more chaotic than usual. We sat outside. Waited over 10 minutes for anyone to take our drink order. It got worse from there...appetizer was dropped off by a random server and left without providing plates, napkins, utensils. We waited a few minutes then ended up stealing some from other tables. Our server brought our wings out along with a tray full of food for another table. She struggles to get outside with the tray, dropped off our wings and struggled to get back inside with the full tray. She had no plates, no utensils, no dressing or celery. So we sat...and sat...and sat. When we finally got everything we needed to eat, the wings were no longer hot. As all of this was going on, it was obvious that it wasn't the servers who were at fault. It was lack of organization and direction. We asked to see the manager.The owner/manager comes out and we explained the whole scenario and how frustrated we were. She proceeded to say that she didn't know the weather was going to be so nice and that everyone would want to be outside so she didn't have the staff to manage the customers efficiently. According to her, all of the servers who were there were "making $10/hour and twiddling their thumbs." She went on to say that she "didn't even have enough food and had been shopping for the last hour to buy more. I'm not making excuses but that's the way it is." I told her that we'd given them many chances and that it's obvious that the problem is with management not the servers and that we wouldn't be back. Her response? "That's your prerogative." Now we know why the service is so poor and turnover is so high...it trickles down from the top.
3	I didn't give more stars solely based on the service. I live across the street, have been here dozens of times and I've never had good service. Ever. My beer often goes bone dry before it's acknowledged and I'll then have to seek service. I cannot complain about the food; it's always tasty and very, very good If you are in a rush, refrain from going but for a night out watching MMA (PPV fights are free) or a Saturday/Sunday football game, this is a great spot!  I suggest the wings; they are very good.  Want better ones?  Go to Kristopher's in Matthews!
4	Good wings and very good boneless wings. Limited draft beer collection. Overall a good place to hang out and watch sports, eat wings and have a few beers. Service is a bit slow at times
1	Don't know if you can rate 0 stars but that's what it deserves.  Went as a party of 6. They got one of my friends order wrong, brought a wrap vs a salad.  Brought my buddy 10 wings, 9 of which were flaps.  After bringing this to the servers attention, she said it's just random.  Manager came over and basically said tough luck.  Too many restaurants in the area for poor management.
2	Been there twice now and both times the service was horrible, at best. We had to fight them for 20 minutes to change the channel from a random women's basketball game on ESPNU to a top 15 hoops matchup that we specifically went there to watch on ESPN.  When I asked the hostess to change it, she immediately said no, and refused to ask. Right as we were getting up to leave, they finally changed it for our group. After dropping off our drinks, the waitress disappeared for a good 15-20 minutes, without even asking for our food order. We had to ask another server to find her. We ordered 15 wings and a Caesar Salad. It took 30 minutes to complete that order. The food was good, or else this place would have been ranked 0 stars. I would not ever recommend this place to anyone. You can get food that tastes just as good at a lot of other places, that actually take care of their customers.
2	Pretty good, flavorful wings.  There's a real kick to them, and I count it as a positive that I wasn't able to finish their hottest level of wings that didn't require us to sign a waiver.  Most of the other food is fine.  Typical sports bar feel and everything too, which I like. But that's where I have to stop my praise and say that the last couple of times I went, the service was TERRIBLE.  I went with a large group (about 15) and ordered a ton of hot wings; maybe it's because we were seated outside, but the server hardly came to us at all.  We were practically begging for water.  After dinner, it felt like there was a 20-30 minute gap between when we asked for the check and actually got it. It really is a great place to chat and hang out with friends, and watch sports while I eat, so I'll give it another go; however, it really was disappointing last time to know service held them back.
3	Very torn about this place. They make the best traditional wings around. Unfortunately every other food item we have ordered has disappointed us. Good beer selection with the opportunity to order pitchers rather than just pints. Service is okay - sometimes I wonder why the waitresses are dressed the way they are - probably wouldn't bring my kids here.
1	HIRE NEW MANAGEMENT or expect to close soon.Now that that is out of the way.. I've been there a few times, mainly because of the proximity to our house/work, also because of the coupons which came in the Citypass book.This most recent time was the worst and was, without a doubt, the last time I will ever go to this or any other location for this franchise.There were 4 of us there at lunch time (12:45pm-1pm or so) on a Thursday. We were literally one of 3 tables there. One table was already eating and the other table was waiting for their food. The 4 of us ordered and it took around 30 minutes for our food to come. Completely unreasonable, considering we were literally 1 of 2 tables waiting for food in the entire restaurant. When the food did come, the fries were lukewarm at best, so we sent them back. It took nearly 10 minutes for the new fries to come... My girlfriend ate her entire sandwich while we were waiting for her fries to come back.At this point, we were pretty frustrated so I asked to speak to the manager. The manager, a blond lady named Christine came over. I explained the situation to her (pretty much as I did above). She said that she was in the kitchen and she saw the tickets come back so she knows that it didn't take 10 minutes for the fries. I said it may have not been 10 minutes but it was close, and that it was definitely upwards of 30 minutes for our food. She literally argued with me on every point of contention that I had. I could have (and in retrospect, should have) continued to argue with her, especially since I know that I was right. Instead, I told her to have a good day and ended the conversation.My girlfriend, who has spent the majority of her life in the service industry, agreed that the way it was handled was completely ridiculous. We weren't looking for free food, we weren't rude or making outlandish remarks... we just wanted her to know the situation and that we were less than satisfied. So my girlfriend wrote the Corporate office on their website, hoping for some sort of response... again, nothing. I have also sent them a message on Twitter (@wingsrings) - also to no response. It's clear to me that they couldn't care less and for that reason, I will definitely never return.
3	So my experience with the place is only at lunch and they have a good deal for lunch, since the restaurant is relatively empty during that time.  They also accept the Ballantyne card, so you can get a discount on top, making for a real cheap lunch.  The wings are generally pretty good, after you figure out what sauce and heat you want in them.  I haven't tried much of the other items on the menu, so I can't speak for those.  There are a lot of TVs and the bar is stocked with a lot of beers.  Service though is probably where they are weakest at; I have waited to be seated for over five minutes in an mostly empty restaurant... which is lame.  Also the server will occasionally visit, so you need to hit her quick if you want to pay that bill right away otherwise you wait more.  Overall, good deal on food but service good be better.
1	Never coming back. I've been here twice before but after today I won't be back. The booth they seated us at for lunch was dirty. The service was slow but most of all there were two dead flies on the inside of the window.  When I pointed this out to Gia that the window needed cleaning, she said "oh yeah". I'm. Done.
3	We live so close to this place, but had avoided it up until now based on the Yelp ratings/review I read.  A couple of us wanted to watch the football game at a sports bar, so we decided to give it a try.Their beer list is pretty good - they have a wide selection of beer.  Our waitress seemed very confused when we asked about any beer specials they had.  She didn't really answer the question, but said a few beers were $3, so a few of us ordered whatever the special was.  We also placed an order for food - nachos & wings.  The food took FOREVER to come out.  We had to ask our waitress why it was taking so long which was met with more confusion and an excuse of the place was full so they were overwhelmed...When the food finally came out, it was good at least.  The nachos were decent, but the wings were really good.  We got the garlic parm & rajun cajun flavors.  We ordered more beer and she messed up the order for everyone's drink order and asked if we wanted to have what she brought out anyway. The service was definitely interesting, but the food and the location was good so I will give this place another shot.  Hopefully she was just having an off day and isn't normally that out of it.
1	My husband and I live in the same neighborhood so we often like to get something to go when we're in a hurry however, we wont be going again anytime soon. Every time we have ordered food to go its wrong. The last time we went, several items were missing from our order. When I went back I was told by the  manager that everyone is asked to sign their receipt confirming everything is correct. I told her that in the 6 months months we've lived in the neighborhood and been eating there, we have never signed a receipt. At this point the manager argued with me, stating this was their policy. When I asked her to show me the receipt we had signed, she could not produce it. It's very frustrating to order food, have it be wrong and then have someone tell you its your fault. Not only this but I believe the hostess or the kitchen staff should be reviewing the orders and signing the receipt, not the customer. I'm paying for the food, the staff should be the one guaranteeing the order is correct. It's too frustrating dealing with the staff and always having your order be wring, we will not be going back anytime soon.
4	Came in because I had been craving wings for over a week and after being unable to find the other places I looked up, I am severely directionally challenged and am pretty sure Siri hates me, I stumbled upon tis place. It was pretty slow for a play off Sunday but I was just getting a to go order anyway so the wait was no big deal. I ordered a 15 piece wing. The hostess said it came with celery and a dip, I prefer carrots with my wings but whatever. I waited the 10 minutes and left. When I got home I was dying to open the box, I had gotten a few finger licks in the car. The wings were HUGE but I was missing one, not a big deal since they are so big, and the celery and dip. Since I didn't really want them anyway it's not that big of a deal but they would have been a perfect pallet cleanser between wings. Overall this place is great. Would definitely come back to eat in the dining room.
3	We stopped here for a quick take out order and to tell the truth I'm glad we didn't go for dinner. Probably a great place to watch a game with twenty TV's around the bar but not really a place I would go to if there wasn't a game. Got 10 wings and 5 really small potato skins for $25 dollars. Again probably a great place for the game, otherwise we won't be back.
3	Love their fried pickles.Beer selection is good too.Went on the Big Game day,enjoyed it.
1	Awful. The beer was the only thing that was good. The service sucked and the food was eh ok. It took 25 mins to get my food. When I got my food, they got it wrong. I had to wait another 25 minutes for them to get it right. The manager only gave us a $5.00 coupon. Come on, they could have at least took off my dinner. RIDICULOUS!
4	I live in this area and really wanted some buffalo chicken.  The place was completely dead at lunch time which is normally a huge red flag but I have to say my experience was fine. I was seated immediately and served my beverage pretty fast.  The food came out in a reasonable amount of time and was fresh and delicious.  I ordered the Buffalo chicken wrap without the tomatoes and Bleu cheese that comes standard.  They actually got that right! You don't know how rare that is for me! Don't know what the problems were in the past but it appears they are working to address it. I'll come back!
1	I can honestly say this was one of the worst dining experiences of my life, and I eat out a lot. Our table sat there for literally almost 1.5 hours before our food finally arrived. When it did it was cold and over half of the orders at our table were incorrect. The Manager did not come over until the end of the meal, and I could tell by his cocky strut and smirk that he could really care less if we were happy or not. Of course much as I predicted he made no offerings of meal comps or even a free desert. He only made somewhat of an apologetic gesture but it did not seem in any way sincere. This place is run by kids, I know it is a bar but there needs to be some level of Management there that knows how to run a restaurant. I would be surprised if this place is open another 6 months under their current Management. We will not be back.
1	So let's just be clear, if your looking for decent service, you should go somewhere else. The service is the BIGGEST problem with the restaurant.  However, if your looking for an amazing wing sauce, and some of the best house made blue cheese and possibly a cold draft beer selection, then and only then will you want to go to this establishment ( to say they're as welcoming and friendly as the old mean lunch lady (and not Chris Farley's version), would be an understatement). I walk in and there are 3 hostesses or employees standing at the host stand talking and do not bother to turn around and greet me or say HI!, so I walk past them and seat myself. OOOO-K...Then I sit at the bar and I look at the clock, it took the bartender 6 minutes to greet me. I worked in this industry and for a table it was a minute, but for door greetings, bar greeting, store greetings, a customer should be greeted within 30 seconds. A hi, hello, be with you, SMILE, ANYTHING! Comes over does not apologize for the wait. I almost feel bad promoting how good the wings are because I do not believe in giving business to an establishment that doesn't pride them self in service.  If i had a great experience with service this place could be a 4 or 5! Now I do to-go only!
3	Living in this area it's great to find non chain restaurants so we stopped in for lunch one day. Not bad and not good. I got the chicken pita with fries. Food is under seasoned and just doesn't look that great. Server was quick and friendly. Don't come here for a meal, maybe just stop on for a drink and some wings late at night.
2	Boy, was this place a disappointment.  The wings were OK (not great), the "rings" were good (not great).  The service is AWFUL.  Mostly children working here.  They don't drink beer, so if you order one, they slap a bottle down on the table and walk away.  They don't ask if you want a cold glass.  I blame the manager for not training them properly.  Of course, they're only going to work there 2 months at most, then school starts again.  Speaking of the manger, he was standing by the bar, looking like a guard dog.  Every time someone's food arrived, he would count to 20 or so, then walk over and ask them  how everything is.  Then, he returned to his post.  My girlfriend tried to flag him down before our food came to ask a question, and he ignored us and walked right by.  The evening I had dinner here, they were doing a trivia game.  Most places have electronic consoles and TV screens; this place had a guy that sounded like a strip club DJ, on a microphone the ENTIRE time we were in there, shouting questions to the entire restaurant.  It was obnoxious and made it impossible to have a conversation over the noise.I'll drive the extra 5-8 miles to go to BWW from now on.
3	Has good potential. Family fun sports bar themed, with good menu, lots of TVs, large covered patio, and friendly but inconsistent staff. We have been here plenty of times, and it's a mystery each time which version of the place you'll get-- sometimes the place is spotless, food cooked perfectly, and staff is great--- sometimes it is a train wreck all around. I guess it's like a small business vs a franchise. Manager is friendly and hardworking.
2	I just moved to charlotte and tried this for lunch today. I ordered a Gyro sandwich and some wings. The wings were fairly run of the mill. The sauce was mostly bland. My Gyro didn't have a hint of cucumber and the meat was clearly processed. I'm guessing it was microwaved. I'm afraid the food simply wasn't very good. In the bright side the wait staff was very friendly and attentive. Unfortunately, it won't be enough to bring me back. Best of luck Buffalo Wings and Rings.
1	How great would it be to have a sports bar within walking distance of my home where I can catch a game, eat some decent food with the family at a decent value and be served by people who actually act like they care whether or not I ever come back.  A place that actually welcomes and seems to appreciate their clientele and truly knows the definition of customer service.  A place that doesn't try to nickel and dime you at every turn.  A place where the management at least gives the appearance that they care about those of us who continue to give their establishment chance after chance even when others have long since abandoned their place for greener pastures.Well, I attended the "grand re-opening" of Buffalo Wings and Rings during the "dinner rush" this evening, and unfortunately after my nth dining experience here, I continue to long for such a place, cause folks this ain't it, grand re-opening or not, as you can put lipstick on a pig but...well you get the idea...and if you don't, don't worry, as I have plenty of details to share on my experience...First, I want to say that this place is minutes from my home, so I have given this place many more chances that I would a similar establishment, simply due to the fact that I really really really wanted to like this place, but how many times can one person subject themselves to a painful experience before they are either considered certifiably insane at worst or a masochist at best.On the positive front, I do want to say that the inside does look improved and the food and prices are about what you would expect from a sports bar in this area, but these were never the big issues with the place before they decided to try and reinvent themselves,  Yes, they did make some cosmetic changes on the inside that open up the place a bit, but what good are cosmetic changes if the core issues that plague a restaurant continue to exist?  I am sure I am not in the minority when I say I would have preferred they focus their efforts on teaching customer service, upgrading their training and hiring a more qualified and interested staff, while also doing away with the silly nickel and dime efforts that are end up coming off as bush league in an arena that is filled with much more polished competitors.Now, I understand that businesses are out to make money (I am an econ major after all - I know I am weird), but having a staff filled with teens who seem like they don't really want to be there is not a way to drive home a focus on customer service.  I don't fault the young ladies working there as this is more a statement about management and the apparent belief that lower labor costs are more important than customer service, but having the same level of servers as they had before the "grand re-opening" unfortunately means that service while friendly is inattentive at best and frustrating to say the least, as there were multiple times when we could see multiple employees huddled together chatting around the hostess desk, almost like they had forgotten that they were actually supposed to be doing something...anything.  Again, I understand that you get what you pay for, but given that service was one big area that was lacking before, one would think that it would be made a priority this time around, but apparently not.  As far as the nickle and dime comment above goes, again, being an econ major, I am all for capitalism, but never did understand why some places try to "hide" added fees via the sin of omission (i.e. do you want ranch or blue cheese with your wings?  I am not going to mention there is a $1.00 added fee if you use a coupon even when you mention your coupon before ordering and then say "I don't care, whatever..ranch is fine"). Based on the response from the server, these added fees are only when you use a coupon (as we did) on the wings, or buy them at a special discount (hmm, so what exactly is the discount if you add a $1.00 fee for something I didn't need and you don't tell me beforehand?).  Well it's not like she lied or anything, she just didn't tell me..that makes it better (wink wink).  Seems like places that do this sort of thing seem to count on our fast forward society that I think more often than not probably signs without even checking the receipt, but this stuff just rubs me the wrong way.  And to be clear, it isn't about the dollar or the numerous other issues we encountered, it is more my frustration with the fact that this place has the location and many people rooting for it, but they just don't seem to get it...More sad than anything...I have given Wings and Rings multiple chances and I really wanted this grand re-opening to be the start of a new era for BW&R but unfortunately I can't put myself through any more misery, so I will simply wish them the best and leave it at that.   It's been a while, but unfortunately we have a new entry into the 1 star club...And as for me...well the search continues....
3	Not worth bookmarking but certainly a lot better than most the other reviews gave it credit for.  I found the food average for a sports bar but the service was excellent.   The manager was sure to check with every table at least once and our server genuinely cared about our experience.   The only thing I would have changed was the live music.   It just didn't fit the atmosphere of a family friendly sports bar.
1	I ate there at lunch time with a friend and I have to say its the worst food i have had in very long time i had 5 wings and onion rings and a sweet tea and my friend had 5 wings and fries .. my food was luke warm and the service was horrible i paid $ 5 for 2 sweet teas and was never even offered a refill ... they did take off 1 meal ... I will not be returning there is nothing special about this place very disappointed this place doesn't even deserve a star
1	Sat there for 20 minutes and a server never came. I went to the host twice to get us a server but nothing happened. I will never go back.
1	We thought we would re-try this restaurant.  We had been here before and were appalled by the terrible service, but last night was even worse!  Our food came to the table and we had no plates or utensils to eat it.  The waiter finally brought those over after we asked for them!  Then our waiter sat down at a bar table with other customers.  We had to get his attention to get a refill on our drinks and more ranch dressing.   After bringing these to our table, he sat down with same customers.  When we got his attention again, we asked for the check.  He brought it, and then sat back down again at the table with customers.  We waited and waited.  I took my card out and put it on the outside of the payment book so he could see it.  After 5 minutes, as he is still sitting and talking to the same customers, we went to the front with our check.  The girl told us that she could not ring us up, and she called the server and he came to do it.  This restaurant should close!  I will not be back!
2	Have eaten here about 4-5 times already and always try a new entree, but always leaving hoping for more.., This location is within walking distance from my house which makes it ideal, but this place is only good for drinks and appetizers (however the mixed drinks are about $7.50-$8.50).  Entrees seem to be either too soggy or too dry (sandwiches/quesadillas).  The aioli fries weren't very fresh either. Overall never had a great experience in the five times I've been there. Always mediocre food. But lots of TVs..
