4	We didn't come here to buy wood floors, because we already bought wood floors at Lumber Liquidators about 6 years ago.  But we have a huge problem: The wood is cupped, bowed, and in many places has actually fully lifted off the floor.  We think the problem is with the installer, not the wood, but we got the installer from Lumber Liquidators, when they were on Dean Martin drive. Since then, they moved to the far reaches of Henderson, and I can never get out of the house early enough to get there.  Happily, they've opened a store on North Rancho, so that's where we went today.The salesman, Abe, was very sympathetic, and was all too willing to look at the pathetic pictures, but said we had to call customer service, and he gave us the number.So that the trip wasn't all for naught, we bought a rubber kneepad for four bucks, and went across the street to Big Dog's, just a few minutes too late for happy hour :(
1	My review is only for this location. We purchased almost $1,000 of underlayment in 2 separate transactions over the course of 2 days. the first transaction was for the majority of the underlayment. the second transaction was for 4 more rolls. My husband told them that we were pretty close to accurate but asked to confirm that we'd be okay to return a couple rolls if we were off in our measurements. He was told of course, just keep the receipt. We paid cash, were given a receipt  and thought that was it. In the end we ended up being off by one too many rolls, so I took it back (not my husband) with receipt in hand. It was unopened. The manager on duty never asked for my receipt just for the phone number it was under, I told him it was probably under my husband's number but that I had a receipt. He took the receipt, saw that it said we had paid cash and told me he couldn't help me. He told me that cash purchases were for people who didn't care about returns and my receipt was just a generic dummy receipt. I told him that we were told we could return any extra, and no where on my receipt did it say "All Sales Final". to which he replied that he wasn't the one who had helped my husband, he is the manager, they should have told him not to pay with cash, and he didn't have any cash on hand to refund my money back anyways. Then he told me I could try to call corporate and see if they would issue me a check. I asked him to write his name on my receipt, and then he started being a little nicer. He gave me the name of corporate and apologized for not being able to refund my money. Before I asked for his name he was rude, short with me and just seemed to act like I was wasting his time. I loaded my toddler and the underlayment back into my truck and called corporate immediately while I headed to Henderson for my next errand. Corporate couldn't understand why I was told they wouldn't refund my money in the store, they took my receipt number and had me confirm my address (which pulled up with the receipt number) and proved that my receipt wasn't just a  dummy receipt but our actual account with our information on it. I held for almost 15 minutes while corporate called the Rancho store and talked to the manager, when corporate got back on the phone with me they asked me to go back immediately to pick up my refund, I told them it would be at least 2 hours. When I went back another sales person, who was much nicer helped me, and he went to the back to let the manager know I was back for my cash refund. Turns out they do have cash on hand for refunds, it wasn't a problem at all, the manager was just unprofessional and rude. Horrible customer service. I will never go back there for any reason, ever. In fact I'd just pay more money elsewhere than deal with someone like that again. So when we get ready to re-floor our upstairs, my sister's house, our income condo we won't be going to Lumber Liquidators and I will never recommend them to anyone, but I will let them know about the awful manager at the Rancho store. Also, never pay cash even if you get a receipt because their manager will tell you it's useless and waste your time.
4	I purchased engineered hardwood flooring from these guys and underlayment.The flooring prices were the best I could find. After I bought the underlayment though I found WAY better deals elsewhere.I recommend using them for flooring but not tools or accessories.
1	Wanted to purchase flooring for sale price and pick up 2 weeks later after the new year, was told I couldn't do that but that they would honor sale price after the new year and surprise surprise they can't honor the sale.  So if the sales staff offers any services get it all in writing and notorized.
