4	Right next to the beloved Cafe Aunja.  Totally different environment, and a good one.  My overwhelming impression of this place: excellent service.  I have been in a few times, once to socialize and once to study.  They always make your drinks immediately (ok, obvious), bring them to you at your seat, are exceedingly attentive, and have terrific attitudes.  You feel like you're being waited on at a nice place. They care if you like their drink recommendations.  The focus is on people who come and stay at the cafe for a long time, which is a business model I don't understand, but hey --- they may be on to something.The decor is modern, clean, and simple.  Lounging/front room divided by the counter.  Large back room for studying, with several large tables and lots of plugs, and no music playing in this room.  Social/meeting room with tables/chairs.  Another room with large TV/great for watching the World Cup, let's say.It's nice and unusual to find a place that is doing all of the right things right out of the gate.  It's clean, it's open a lot (till midnight during the week, 10pm on weekends) and the Americano is solid.  In sum: I'll be back.
5	After spending many hours at the usual chain coffee shops, I came across this unique new place. Its modern design is great and it has a very clean and cozy feel to it. The coffee shop is also very spacious with plenty of tables and chairs. It is very quiet and the staff is friendly. The coffee is great and the pastries are delicious and fresh. Great spot to study and grab a cup of coffee with friends. I will definitely be coming back!
5	My favourite place to study! It is designed exactly how I would do it: wide variety of seating (couches, comfy chairs in addition to normal ones, small tables, large communal tables) and distinct areas that offer a range of privacy (including a conference room). Service is friendly, no complaints about the food (that chicken wrap is phenomenal), comfortable and familiar atmosphere cultivated by the owner (I believe) who makes an effort to greet and get to know familiar faces. Only time I'm disappointed here is when it's full, I'm conflicted leaving such a good review because the last thing I want is more competition for space but I need to give props where they are due!
