4	Went here last night for dinner with some friends. Checked out the website before and found out they where BYOB so grabbed a bottle of red and headed out. There was a wait for tables and I felt like there wasn't really a system yet for taking down names and making sure everyone got a table, but the time they quoted us was pretty accurate.What we sampled:Hot mixed appetizers: It was good and a nice amount for four to share. I was most impressed by the borek filled with feta cheese which was delicious! Humus: Outstanding.  The pita bread was not all heated through, but the humus was so delicious!I had the shish kebab. It was delicious! I was really happy with the flavor and paired with the rice, salad, cabbage, and yogurt sauce it made for delicious wraps with the pita.Others at the table sampled the kofte (so good!), gyro (delicious!), and the iskender kebab (I loved this! The yogurt it was served with was incredible!)We also ordered Turkish Coffee and Tea as well as the baklava to end the meal.  I wasn't a fan of either the coffee or tea, but the baklava was some of the best I have ever had!There where a few service snafus, but the waitress was very apologetic and kept thanking us for our patience. Overall the food took a while to come out, but once we where eating we where happy!
5	My son from San Francisco and I had an excellent lunch here on May 1. The restaurant has only been open about a month. Great location at the corner of Forbes and South Braddock in Regent Square. The owner came over after our meal to check whether we were pleased. He told us about his excitement about having his own place, and the long experience he has had in restaurant work.We ordered both the cold and hot appetizer plates and an order of dolmas. All outstanding! I didn't think there could be good new flavors in hummus and baba ganouj, but I was wrong. One order of each platter was enough for us to share. Every item was absolutely delicious. We were so full that we didn't have room for the kebabs, which is what we originally went for. We wanted to save room for dessert, which was heavenly rice pudding. The Turkish coffee was of course aromatic and rich.Yelp ambience categories don't really fit. Could be casual or somewhat dressy & romantic depending on your wishes. The ethnic Turkish decor is simple and pleasing.Some outdoor seating. We found free parking on the street. Might be good to combine a meal and a film at the nearby Regent Sq. theater. Can't wait to eat at Istanbul Sofra again!
2	We decided to try this restaurant today for the first time.  Hopefully, the issues that we experienced are due to the fact that the place is only 2 weeks old.  The decor is very nice but the South Braddock side dining room seems very cramped.  The tables are so close together that the servers can barely pass by without bumping the customers.  The servers are very nice and the owner did pop by our table to say hello which we appreciated.  The food service is slow.  Very, very slow.  Granted, the restaurant was very busy but Middle Eastern food isn't terribly time-consuming to prepare so, I was shocked when it took over 40 minutes for us to receive our dinners. My husband ordered the salted yogurt drink which was tasty until we found the remains of a metal scrubber pad in his drink.  The water glasses were water spotted and my glass still had lip prints on it.  Our server did bring me a clean glass with an apology but, looking around the dining room, I saw more dingy water glasses on the tables.  The cold appetizer plate was tasty but for $14 bucks, a little on the small side.  The grape leaves used in the dolmas were stringy but otherwise tasty.  After 45 minutes, our dinners finally arrived.  I ordered the chicken kebab which was tasty until I discovered that some of the chicken was undercooked.  The server apologized and they replaced the chicken that was rare with properly cooked chicken.  It came with rice, pickled red cabbage, and a small green salad.  The rice was a tad over salted but I can live with that.  My husband ordered the lamb kebabs which were delightful and tender.  Our daughter ordered the chicken Adana and that was pretty tasty but a bit dry.  Our daughter's boyfriend ordered the falafel platter which he said was OK but not great.   Dessert was really good.  We each ordered one of the 4 desserts on the menu so we could sample them.  The rice pudding is amazing and the portion is huge and the baklava was really good and dripping with honey.   The revani is a semolina cake that was not overly sweet and very light.  It was quite tasty.  The big winner of the night was the kazandibi - it is similar to creme brulee but without the caramelized sugar on the top.  The desserts almost made up for all the issues we experienced during our dinner.  Unfortunately, given all the problems with our dinner, the only thing we got for the trouble were apologies from the server (who was great).  But, there were no comped desserts for the inconvenience of the metal in the drink or the undercooked chicken.  I think I will wait several months before we head back to Istanbul Sofra in the hopes that time to mature and add more staff will make the experience a better one.  The final tab for the four of us (mind you, this is a BYOB so there was no wine involved) was $120.00.  In my opinion, that's a bit pricey for a restaurant with no liquor license.
3	I am updating this mostly because my daughter and her boyfriend really enjoyed their experience here.  The desserts are fabulous and definitely worth a try.  I wish the owner luck in this endeavor and I hope that everyone in the neighborhood gives this place a chance.  If you have a great experience, please do let the rest of us know.
4	We had a wonderful time at Isatnbul Sofra. We had heard it was BYOB so we brought our bottle of wine. The service was attentive and courteous, and a lovely waitress named Kelley attended to our every need. We were even visited by the owner at one point, whom I welcomed to the neighborhood.We opened with 2 appetizers. Now, I love grape leaves and have them every chance I get. Sofra's Grape Leaves were some of the best I have ever had. The texture was perfect and they melted in your mouth, while the seasonings were perfectly balanced. We also had the Cigarette Borek, a wonderful appetizer of feta cheese on a fillo dough. Delicious!For the main course, I had their lamb mixed grill containing shish kebab, Adana, Kafte and Gyro meat. All were perfectly seasoned and served with a delicious yogurt dressing, My wife had a full plate of the lamb kafte and loved every bite.Delectable desserts were still in our future. We had the Kazandibi, a sweet milk pudding with cinammon, and the Revani, a dense spongecake with a dollop of whipped cream. It was a perfect topper to a wonderful meal.We will definately be back!
5	Everything is fantastic at this restaurant, including the owner who gave us free Turkish tea when we had questions about it. My girlfriend and I shared the hot and cold appetizers and finished with some deliciously creamy rice pudding. Plan on splitting meals or taking home what's left for lunch. The portions are very generous. The falafel was the best I have ever eaten. It was crisp, light and tender.  And I discovered my new favorite food: eggplant salad. It was a smokey spread that paired well with the hot, fresh pita. I can't wait to come back again.
5	Honestly, after a single visit the place might be one of our top three Pittsburgh restaurants.  The outdoor seating is lovely, and the food is delicious and incredibly cheap for the quality and quantity.  The hummus was fantastic (and the perfect amount for an appetizer), the cigarette borek was a revelation (who knew feta and dill fried in puff pastry could be so insanely delicious?!), the falafel was very tasty (although I would have liked a greater quantity of the tabouli that came on the side, and more sauce - they did bring some for free when I asked), and the baklava was delicious.  We also got the kazandibi (in addition to the baklava) for dessert and that was very rich - we ended up feeling way more stuffed than we had intended.  The other entree we got was the chicken kofte, which was good.We also shared a Turkish coffee and each got a complimentary cup of tea.  The total bill came to around $44 for 2 people, which is a ridiculously good deal for a full three course meal.  The owner came over and chatted with us after our meal, and he seems like a super nice guy.Do remember that it's BYOB.  The menu said there was a $5 corkage fee, though I think they may have forgotten to charge us for that.  Anyway, I highly, highly recommend this place.  It's a great place for a casual date.  We'll definitely be going back.
4	Great personal and friendly service, combined with simple but delicious food at a reasonable price.   Very family friendly too.Yeah,  we'll be back. ... oh and the desserts are awesome!
4	We have eaten here twice now. The first time we thought it was just ok; the second time we really enjoyed it. My husband had the salmon kebabs both times, and the second time they were beautifully cooked, flavorful, and served with a delicious sauce. I had falafel the first time and a vegetarian dumpling (manti) just this evening. I'll have to try the falafel again because it was somewhat dry my first time, but the manti were great and such a nice change from the usual veg fare. I commented on this to the owner and said I hadn't noticed them on our first visit; he explained that he had added them in response to learning that the east end has a large number of vegetarians. I was so impressed at the thought he had put into an admittedly small segment of the population :) Great little neighborhood place in this spot, finally!! It's really pretty and cosy inside, nice outdoor seating. Byob.
5	In what has historically been a challenging location for local restaurants, this new place is likely to be a real hit.  The food was truly outstanding, dinner was well attended on a Monday night and the experience was excellent across the board.  We ordered some sampler appetizers and a sampler entree and split things in order to get lots of tastes, and everything was obviously home made with care and attention to traditional tastes.  The owner is obsessed with quality over quantity and it shows here.  Also they've much improved on the ambiance overall, and the outdoor seating is nice with the big umbrellas.  The chairs were uncomfortable though.  A more-than-filling meal for two of us was $40
5	We came for a family dinner & it was the perfect spot to celebrate a special day!!  The food is fresh & delicious & so different from what we typically eat, especially out, & in Pittsburgh!  We felt like we were dining out on vacation & thankfully we live just a short walk away!!  This will now be our spot, for dining out on special occasions & for casual dining in our neighborhood.  Our waiter  & the owner made us feel like we were their special guests on a special day!
5	Got to try the lentil soup and grilled bone-in chicken! The chicken is perfectly grilled, crispy on the out side, and super tender and flavorful inside. Very friendly and professional service. One of the best Mediterranean place I've tried. Had cold appetizer platter, lentil soup, lamb & chicken platter, and grilled bone-in chicken. Loved everything we had, especially all the chicken dishes.
4	I had the chicken Kebab, the chicken was tender, with turkey spices on it which were good, it came with rice and vegetables.  The desserts are really good, we had the baklava, and Revani which I recommend . They have a nice outside eating area.  We were there on a saturday evening and there was no wait.
5	Pittsburgh doesn't have many Turkish/Mediterranean restaurants, so when my boyfriend and I stumbled across Istanbul Sofra a few weeks ago, we were quick to visit. This is now my second time dining and experiencing Istanbul Sofra, and each time has been great. From the Cigarette Borek appetizers to the Adana Kebab main dish, this place has me coming back for more. Although the food is simply delicious, the atmosphere and aesthetic features of the restaurant are so lovely. The lighting fixtures are probably my favorite part and really tie in the Ottoman design elements. The service is always very prompt and efficient, and the owner of the restaurant always frequents a visit to ask about your dining experience. Each item of food that I have eaten from Istanbul Sofra has been exceptional. I recommend getting a full course meal complete with Turkish coffee. It comes in the cutest cup! Their Adana Kebab, Chicken Kebab, and Iskender Kebab are really good. I also really loved their Kazandibi dessert... it is probably one of my favorite things for dessert now and I wish every restaurant had it. Seriously, it is delicious. I highly recommend Istanbul Sofra. It is quickly becoming one of my favorite places to visit if I want an extremely good meal!
4	Everything was great and the service was impeccable. We felt right at home and were even treated to 'real' baklava before we chose our desserts. A great addition to Regent Square!
5	I adore this place and recommend it to anyone who will listen to me (and some who won't). This location has been a challenge for other businesses because of the busy intersection right outside which is in contrast to a beautiful park across the street. The owners seem to make changes every time I go that make the outside seating area better and better. They now have a banner with the restaurant's name fencing us in as well as tall plants and umbrellas to mark the boundaries, and even though you get the occasional loud car interrupting the meal it is SO much better every time. The outdoor seating is where it's at -- I will miss this when winter comes! They have two canopies with lanterns hanging under them as well as several large umbrellas to keep the hot sun off of you. The tables are small but make for an intimate dinner with your companions. The last time I visited, they had a belly dancer performing -- she danced between the tables, balancing a sword on her head, and was quite a fun addition to our mealtime.Now - the food! Everything I have had has been delicious, and the portions are quite ample. I have never had enough room for dessert, but maybe if I could not order the incredibly tasty falafel appetizer I would have room. I have had the falafel, the chicken kofte, and the lamb adana. All of them were delicately spiced with just enough spice to lend an incredible flavor to the meat without overpowering the meat itself. These were served on a bed of rice which was a perfect complement to the meat. There are also a mixture of vegetables on the plate, some crunchy and some roasted, to give you something a little bit different. I always finish the meal with their tea, which is served hot in a glass. It makes for a nice ending to a meal. I hope Istanbul Sofra is around for a long time, because they are a wonderful addition to the Regent Square community.
4	Beautiful interior decor! Lovely service. Food wasn't outstanding but was very good and sufficient portion sizes. I will definitely be returning.
2	I was not impressed.  The food was not very flavorful.  The location and atmosphere are the best things about this restaurant, but they are not creating this food with an eye toward being a gourmet restaurant.I am a little disturbed by a reviewer who wrote that the owners contacted her in a harassing way after a negative review.  I hope that is not going to be repeated.
5	Love love love!  Great atmosphere, I recommend going on a nice day and sitting outside.  The menu looks amazing!  I only stopped in for a small bite and ordered two appetizers because I couldn't choose between them.  The falafel and the spinach borek were SO good!  And the service is good too!  Loved my experience here
5	One thing I always judge a restaurant by is how hot their food is served. I went with a friend and we had several courses. All were awesome and served as if each dish was being photographed for a magazine spread. I went to remove the stick from my shis-ka-bob and it was already done for me. The pita was served warm and delicious and the hummus was awesome! It is also Byob and the outdoor seating was very comfortable. The owner came to our table and told us he is thinking about starting a Turkish breakfast. Treat yourself to this very affordable and delicious gem.
5	Great service Awesome food Cigarette borek lamb platter Chef made special kinafeHighly recommend
4	This is a nice restaurant at a nice area.  The food is very delicious (it actually gives you a feel of a homemade meal rather than a restaurant meal!) and well prepared.  The portions are ideal, i.e., enough to be filled and not too much to be stuffed and uncomfortable.  We tried the falafel platter and the chicken kofta and they were both fabulous, while the baklava left us speechless (even though I still believe my baklava is better; j/k :)).  There is both indoors and outdoors sitting.  We chose the latter and the service was a bit slow (sometimes we even forgot we had a server) but I think it was just a one time issue, since other tables seemed to have a fast service.  Do not forget to check-in with Yelp and get your free glass of wine!
5	This place is delicious! What a treat to have an authentic Turkish restaurant in Pittsburgh!I was visiting my husband's family in Pittsburgh from NYC and was pleasantly surprised by the quality and affordability of Istanbul Sofra. The owner is from Turkey and has really put his heart and soul into this restaurant.We ordered the Chicken Kebab, Adana Kebab, Falafel Plate, and Iskender Kebab. I think the Adana was my favorite, but I loved them all! We also got the cold appetizer platter, which was lovely, but with our party of 6 adults we probably could have used two.I will definitely come back the next time I visit Pittsburgh.
5	Food is great, just like it is in Turkey!  Pleasant and comfortable dining room.  Prompt service, park on the back street, it is easier.
4	Plenty of options of vegetarians.  Friendly staff.   Relaxed, pleasant atmosphere.We can walk there from our house in Regent Square.  We locals love this place!
5	It was a wonderful night.  The staff was very attentive and helpful from the time we walked in the door.  The food was very flavorful.  We had a cigarette borek appetizer with a nice blend of flavor.  Then two of us had falafel platters while the other two decided upon the adana kabobs.  The adana had a pleasant smoked flavor and the accompaniments were also good.Desserts put the topper on the evening, as they should.  The appearance of the belly dancer was the capper of the night.
4	Ordered two lamb platters that were phenomenal, especially the kebabs.  The tea was terrific.  Service was great.  Wish we'd realized it was BYOB before we walked through the door.
3	Definitely beats the previous restaurant that was here (Alma)Not the best middle eastern food in my opinion.  I got the Izgara Kofte expecting something very different from what came out.  It seemed like they put small lamb hamburger patties on a bed of rice.  What I really love was their desserts (minus the baklava which had the consistency of a marshmallow).  The Kazandibi and the revani were amazing, and I would definitely go back for the sole purpose of gorging myself on dessert.
4	I absolutely love this gem of a restaurant! Having been to Turkey myself, I especially appreciated the owner's courtesy and wonderful hospitality. It brought back happy memories and made me want to go visit Istanbul again. The food was just as pleasing. I came with a group of four friends and we ordered various appetizer sampler platters as well as shrimp kabobs, lentil soup, and falafel. The food took a bit longer than expected to arrive (we went a few weeks after they'd opened and it seemed like everyone wanted to try Istanbul Sofra the night we were there) so we were given complimentary Turkish tea during the wait. Everything was delicious and exceeded our expectations in terms of quality and taste. I'm glad Regent Square has such a wonderful little restaurant, and I look forward to dining here again in the future.
2	I wanted to like this place. I wanted to love this place. It was so nice and comfortable inside and the staff were the nicest people ever. These are the things that save it from being a one star experience. It almost breaks my heart to write this review. I seriously hoped that they would raise the local standard for middle eastern food.I don't understand all the great reviews because the food is awful. It's equally as bad as any of the other restaurants in the area. I don't understand why falafel in Pittsburgh has to be soggy or why this restaurant needs to persist with this tradition. The hummus and babaganoush were okay (they should be excellent at a place like this), but the tabouli was almost inedible. The rice was not spiced or fluffy. The lamb was boring and the dumpling plate is ALL teeny tiny undercooked dumplings a bland sauce and no sides. When I asked for hot sauce I got Frank's rather than harissa.The only decent dish was the lentil soup which was buttery and comforting, if a little lacking in lentil flavor. I guess the pitas were fluffy and okay, even if they were just reheated grocery store ones.I would go back just to sit in the warm coziness, but I guess my only ordering option would be lentil soup.
5	Went here for a somewhat late dinner for two on a Monday night after having intended to check it out for a few months.  The decor was gorgeous and unique without being distracting.  Same goes for the music playing on the speakers.  Our waitress was terrifically attentive, polite, and professional, and prices were reasonable.Now, the food...let me just say up front that I disagree - vehemently - with other reviews maligning the food quality here!  The falafel was nice and crisp on the outside, hot and fresh on the inside (could've used a little salt, but better under- than over-salted, imho).  I had the doner kebap out of sheer study-abroad nostalgia, and it was exactly what I'd been hoping for!  The mouth-watering slices of lamb were seasoned and cooked to perfection and arranged prettily on a plate over tasty rice, with the appropriate accompaniments.  The basket of pita bread that came out was soft, warm, and very good-tasting.  My favorite European street food, all grown up. *sniffle*As for the rest, the husband's eyes are bigger than his stomach, so he ordered the lamb shish kebab for himself AND a plate of "manti," tiny little vegetable dumplings in tomato sauce and yogurt, for us to split.  The lamb shish kebab was delicious and served similarly to my doner kebap, and the manti was a successful experiment in stepping out of our comfort zone!Bottom line...if you're hoping for a little culinary adventure in pleasant surroundings, with conscientious wait staff and high-quality food, I strongly recommend Istanbul Sofra.
3	Arrived for lunch and was greeted by friendly waitress. Explained that a drink was included with lunch and brought us two Turkish teas in pretty little glasses. I ordered the Adana Durum (Wrap) 7.70, Ground meat lamb Adana kebab and yogurt sauce on the side. My friend ordered a gyro. Oddly she brought the gyro dinner to my friend, but quickly replaced it with the correct sandwich. I enjoyed my sandwich especially the yogurt. It was in nice bread and hot. I wished there was more ingredients since it was tasty but not very interesting. There also was just a small amount of yogurt... Could have had a larger or second container. Waitress was slow to fill water and to return for payment. Overall nice but not that memorable . I looked for grape leaves, hummus or other items that we could share but they were not on the menus we had. I also thought it was odd that they served us 2 pitas with nothing to dip or eat with it when we were getting sandwiches. I'd try again in the evening...
1	I have been to this place a couple of times and I left with nothing but disappointment each and every time. Their food is just bland, unseasoned and always comes out cold.
2	The interior of Istanbul Sofra is gorgeous, rich with color and texture; very tastefully done. The food was less tasteful. I sampled from the Mixed Hot Appetizers and did not care for a single item on the platter, it was all kind-of dry, bland and one item to the next tasted the same. We also ordered Baba Ghanoush which actually was unique and tasty. But the pita served with it was of poor quality. Prices are a bit high (especially for entrees, which deterred me from ordering one), perhaps justifiable by the care taken in decorating. The staff and owner were very friendly and welcoming.
5	Very impressed with this place!  We had the mixed hot appetizer plate first and the fried zucchini was particularly amazing.  I want to get a plate of that next time.  The texture was perfect and it was so flavorful.  For dinner my friend and I split the Sofra Mixed Grill that contained a combo of their lamb and chicken dishes.  We loved everything!  I got a free baklava for checking in on Yelp and I think it may be the best baklava I have ever had.  It was so light and flaky with the perfect amount of delicious honey drizzled on top.  They don't serve alcohol but it is BYOB.  I had the Turkish tea, which was a black tea that was quite good.  The service was also excellent and the owner even came over to see how we were doing. I loved the cozy decor with the beautiful handmade colored lamps everywhere.  I asked the owner about them and he said it is his family business and gave me his card!  I think I may order one of those lamps.  The prices are also very reasonable.
5	I can't claim to be a Turkish food expert, but I happen to love this place! It helps that our Turkish friends that we frequent Istanbul Sofra with also vouch for the food and have always been there to help explain the menu.We've been going since just after Instanbul Sofra replaced the less-than-impressive Alma, so we've seen the owner's commitment to improvement in the changes to both the atmosphere and the menu over the last year or so. I've seen my favorite dish (Iskender) refined and my favorite dessert (kanafeh) added to the menu. You can't beat the service that the staff provides for the most part. The owner is always making sure your table is treated well, and that you're happy with your meal. If there's something that you didn't enjoy, don't hesitate to tell him. I've never been somewhere that's so open to thoughts and willing to accept criticism and show such gratefulness when complimented.The attentiveness and feeling of appreciation from the staff would keep us coming back even if the food wasn't excellent, but fortunately, we don't have to worry about that! The food is delicious! As mentioned above, the iskender is awesome, as well as the adana kebab. Our friends are fans of the lamb chops, as well, and we've tried all of the desserts and appetizers offered. I love the spinach borek and haydari from the app menu, and the am completely obsessed with both their baklava, kunefeh, and revani!I'd say the only thing that I don't love is the belly dancers that we've experienced on Fridays. It can catch you off-guard if you're not ready for it. The loud music and dancers make for an awkward interruption they start in the middle of a meal. Otherwise, you can't go wrong at Instanbul Sofra!
5	Excellent service; authentic Turkish food; wonderful ambiance and very friendly atmosphere; very reasonably priced; real value
4	Great dinner! Service was very good. I enjoyed turkish gyro very much. Hot appetizers are also very delicious. The baklava is so good! If you are looking for turkish food in Pittsburgh, come here!
