4	My boss's boss and I came here today-- had a really good experience! Elizabeth ('Level 2') cut my hair, and she was very responsive and had some good suggestions. She was friendly but not too chatty.I like the straightforward price guide.Jennifer got a massage from Veronica, and said that it was perfect, just the way she likes them.All in all, a successful way to make my boss totally jealous. And feel good.
4	As all of the reviews say, Aniu is very overpriced.  However, I'm a firm believer that if it's good service, I'm willing to shell out extra dough.  Therefore, the overprice factor does not effect me...personally.  Everyone is all really friendly.  The conversation while having your appointment, whatever it may be, is friendly and not overbearing.  I recently got my nails done, and normally it takes 2 hours for acryllic, but it only took about and hour and 15.  Not to mention, they are exactly how I wanted them.  I'm quite picky when it comes to nail enhancements (I only get them done once in a blue moon, so I want them to look good), and Georgi did an awesome job.  What I really like is how the tipping is done there.  You are given the choice to tip, obviously, and then you get cash back to put in a little to/from envelope so your stylist or whomever knows exactly where the money came from.  It is a nice personal touch to the appointment, that isn't seen often.Overall, if you're will to dish out the dough for good service then I highly recommend Aniu.
2	My stylist was here for a while so I had 4 - 6 haircuts here.  She does a great job on my hair but she doesn't work at ANiU anymore.I had some trouble finding the place my first time there.  It's in a bank building and there's no ANiU sign on the building itself (at least on the side facing the direction I came form), and I didn't notice ANiU on the shared sign by the driveway that had 7 or so other business on it at first.ANiU is big.  And cold.  I prefer a smaller, friendlier place for my haircuts.  Besides paying for my haircut I always felt like I was also paying for a lot of things that don't matter to me at all, such as trendiness of the suite's decor (including a fountain in the foyer) and 4 times as many chairs as the number of stylists actually working.When checking out, the people at the front desk felt like they were rushing to take my money so they could get back to the more important thing they had been doing before I walked up.  For leaving a tip they handed me cash (I pay with a credit card) and a tiny envelope, so I had to write my stylist's name on the envelope, cram the cash in there, and drop it through a slot in the desk.  Couldn't they have handled that for me?  It felt a little like entering a drawing to win a car at the mall.
4	I've been going to Aniu since it opened to get: pedicures, highlights, facials, massages, you name it.  They no longer have the extensive spa they used to have, but when they did, it was awesome.  I got a body scrub and vichy shower one time and it was INCREDIBLE!  I've had several massages there and the ladies did a great job figuring out what kind of pressure I wanted and made me feel very at ease.  I've had my hair highlighted there for years and they are very thorough and make sure they are doing it the way you want it.Everyone is so helpful and nice and although it's pricey, it's worth it.
4	I got a gel manicure done on my birthday last year, and it was lovely. They were in the middle of construction at the time, so there was a pretty loud saw going nearly the whole time, but that's not their fault.The woman who did my nails (can't remember her name, unfortunately) was very nice and conversational, which is always a plus. She knew what she was doing and clued me in on each step, since it was the first time I've gotten gel tips. They had a wide selection of polish colors; I ended up with a deep, dark blue.  The best part about my manicure was how long it stayed--that polish didn't come off for a month, and the tips stayed on even longer, probably 3 or 4.My only complaint (as usual, haha) is price. I never would've gone to Aniu for gel tips if it weren't a birthday gift--for my budget (which isn't THAT tight, in reality), $75 is way too much, even for tips.
4	I have been going to aniu for quite a few years and always trust the advice, knowledge and experience that my stylist ( Lily) gives me. It's always been a great experience and totally worth every penny to not have to worry about what I will look like when I leave. As I do tend to try different things with my hair. She always helps me look fun but professional. Lily is fabulous!
4	I've wanted to write a review for a while now, but kept forgetting after I left the salon.  (I think that's a good sign that I wasn't thinking about my hair more than I should be)If you are a blonde, or think you should be, Tara is honestly the best colorist I've ever had.  I've lived in Chicago, Barcelona, I went to college in Indiana, but I swear by Tara in Madison, WI.  My hair is naturally dark blonde to light brown.  In the summer, I go nearly platinum with a bit of my natural color to add depth and make it look more natural.  In the winter, I go medium blonde, again with more low lights.  Recently, in an effort to save money as I expected my first baby, I tried other less expensive people, and even at-home products, and ultimately, I gave up because nothing compared to Tara's work.  I OK-ed the expense with my husband because I'm not a big shopper, and I don't go out too often, but I said, my hair is the one splurge that I award myself, and I refuse to give it up.  He was more than happy to oblige.When I finally went back to Tara, it was like a huge nasty wig had been surgically removed from my head.  The smile returned to my face, and I admired my hair for like a week straight as I walked by windows on the street.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because it truly is a bit pricey, anywhere between $100 and $200 depending on how many colors, whether it's a partial or full highlight, whether I include a cut and then of course, tip, but to me, it's worth it.
2	I recently purchased a Groupon for a cut and color at AniU. I have been going to the same stylist for a few years and thought I could use a change of pace so it was a win-win with the Groupon. I really enjoyed the stylist Adam. He did great with my cut and color.  That's the positive.  The negative is this is a salon that's trying too hard to be an upscale salon and it's not working. The "color room" is a room with row's of chairs and stylists doing colors. It's cold and un-personal. After the color you are lead to rows of sinks for the washing station. Again, cold and un-personal. Finally, the cut and style are done in, you guessed it, rows of chairs. If it was a more intimate setting, I would love this place but the cattle line I didn't like. I don't think I will be back.
4	I lucked out and got a great Groupon deal for a deluxe pedicure for only $30(regular price is $65). I had Georgi as my tech, and she was very friendly, and VERY detailed when it came to the pedi. She did a great job getting rid of my "winterized" feet, and a perfect polish. I tend to be picky, and I have no complaints with her service. As far as the salon goes, it's okay. Really big, but nothing really blew me away.  I liked the pedicure, but it wasn't "over the top" fantastic...and for $65 that's what I would like. I would go back with a gift certificate, or for an occasional treat.
4	When I first called Aniu, a huge salon (the largest in the country, I've been told), I asked for a stylist who is creative and likes to do different/edgy haircuts. They assigned me to Bentley, who is the bomb. She is the only person I've found in Madison who truly understands curly hair, and mine especially defies logic by being curly when long and straight when short. What I love about Bentley is that if you have an inspiration, you can begin to talk through it and light bulbs go off for her, and she'll share lots of ideas. Having lived in major cities, I can't say that Aniu is particularly expensive, though some of its services are absurdly priced, such as the pedicures (I got a Groupon for one, which made it reasonable, though it was also excellent).A high point of Aniu is that it seems very committed to training its employees. It supports their travel to hair shows and conferences, and so the stylists are trained well and up-to-date. It does not have the hipster, local feel that many people crave in a salon. This is a pristine salon that caters to jet setters, suburbanites, and weddings/events.I'm giving it four stars instead of five because the color work I've seen out of this salon has varied. I've been really happy with Bentley's vision and when she paints my hair with crazy colors, it's been great. The atmosphere is also not my favorite; it is just a little clinical.
5	This salon is absolutely excellent.  I go to Lexi, who's one of their more junior stylists, which makes it totally affordable.  She is completely professional and is amazingly good at interpreting my vague and inexperienced descriptions and translating them into beautiful hair.  I have super long dirty blonde hair and she has turned it from drab to Taylor Swift cute!  She's also great at teaching me how to do different styles on my own, which has elevated my look completely!
3	Had two different experiences, went once for a facial w/ acne add on and loved it so much that I went back to try out their hair stylist. Let's start off with the facial: It was fabulous. The room was all the way back away from the louder area of the salon/spa so it was really quiet. I was so happy about that because that is the worst thing-listening to other people in the hallway while you're trying to relax. The lady who performed the service was amazing and so skilled. I melted in her hands and it was the best facial i've ever had. They had some offer as I was checking out that I would be entered into a raffle for prebooking appointments which I did- but left the ticket on the counter. Called back 10 minutes after I left and all I got was a sorry :/ For the haircut: This will break down into another two sections: the haircut and the style. For the cut itself I was not displeased, but I wasn't in love with the cut either. It doesn't seem like any weight was taken out of my hair and the layers weren't as distinct as I normally have them. If I had gone for a style alone I would have left one star. It was a blowdry that I would have expected from someone still in school. My hair was a big frizz ball and didn't look like I had just come from a salon and spent $55 for a level 4 stylist. (one of their mid-high stylist)As I left I asked the front desk what they thought, they thought I looked great, very unenthusiastically ;) I took a picture and sent it to their manager--she offered a free style. Great, but I wasn't too excited to back anytime soon. I'll be back for another facial--but still searching for a good stylist!
1	Worst experience ever. Bought a gift certificate for my wife and got the laziest and most unprofessional service. All good employes have left this place. They even got a manager who thinks customer is wrong. No wonder they losing busniess like mine. If you want to waste ur money, this is the perfect place. Don't go for looks of this place.
1	Waaayyyy over priced, and they do not listen very well to what you want.  Went in for a root touch up, and was charged $115.  The next day, when I complained, they acknowledged that they knew they over charged me (blow dry and style x 2) and didn't do anything until I said something.  I used to go here, left years ago disgusted.  Why I came back, I'll never know!
5	I have nothing but praise for the work of Taylor and Zach at Aniu for the hair and makeup styling they did for my wedding. They completely got what I was looking for and I felt pampered, beautiful and confident as a result. My wedding photos turned out beautifully and I am so happy I went with Aniu for my special day!!
5	I have always had trouble finding a stylist that I could stick with because whenever I go into salons, every single time the stylist would get a little too scissor-happy seeing my long hair (I have very long black hair that goes down to my lower back) and for some reason could never understand what I wanted. SO I heard about ANiU and scheduled my first appointment with Winona (Level 1 at the time). I didn't think the price was too high at all and compared to most other swanky salons it's about the same (for a Level 1 stylist).The moment I walked in I was warmly greeted and immediately felt at ease. The salon itself is so beautiful and I love that they have a huge window which lets in a ton of natural lighting, unlike other salons who for some reason think being in a low-lit, dingy, dark salon is luxurious? But anyways, I met with Winona and she was so nice and listened exactly to what I wanted her to do to my hair. When she washed my hair she gave me a small head/scalp massage which made my eyes roll back into my head and almost fall asleep.. and she cut my hair perfectly, styled it wonderfully and even talked me into buying a few products that I now consider to be some of my "holy-grail" hair care items. A-M-A-Z-ing!I now exclusively go to Winona to cut my hair and will continue to do so, even if she goes up to level 10. She's at Level 2 now, which irked me a little bit because no one told me that she have moved up a level, which means she costs more, until after I had my hair cut and was paying. But nonetheless, I will continue to go back to ANiU for my monthly haircuts because it really is worth the price and I think the occasional luxurious pampering is what every women needs, and this is the place to go!
3	I would give this salon 4 stars given that I am pleased with their spa services-I like their facials because they are good and the products are compatible for sensitive skin. However, the services at the front desk has been so unpleasant that I had to knock off a star! This is based on calls for booking to in-person interactions. They're just rude and seem indifferent about providing service. I guess they get the job done in setting up appointments and checking customers in. The salon is popular and the products used are good, but they fall short in customer service at the reception. If they were in any big city, the competition would have wiped them out no matter how good their salon services are. Perhaps management doesn't think a bar needs to be set or maintained.....
5	This salon is in a great location, right off Hwy 12/Beltline in Middleton.  Great facility, very large and many stations of all kinds.  Maria gave me my facial.  Excellent personality and very professional.  Cannot wait to feel so relaxed again!  Thank you and keep up the great services!
4	This was my first time at this salon/spa. I received a mani and pedi. It has been very difficult for me to find a good salon where the nail techs can do real nails and not just fake nails. Upon entering the salon it is very clean and staff is friendly. I was offered a complimentary beverage, which I enjoyed. The wait was not long at all for my nail tech to come out and get me.Zoe was my nail tech for both my hands and toes. I came with another person and I was very pleased that Zoe moved stations to accommodate my friend and I so we could be together. She did an excellent French tip even with me wanting my nails cut very short. The one thing I was no pleased about was I noticed a buffed one of my nails and she did not offer to fix it - I felt uncomfortable asking. The mani was no doubt great though, I enjoyed the hot towels and massage.My pedicure was excellent. I wish they would've had more comfortable chairs though. They more like benches, and I'm used to having individual chairs with massaging backs. She did a very good job with the pedi all around! They used one time files that they tossed away at the end, which helps keep things more sanitary. Overall I really enjoyed my experience here. Prices were pretty decent for the services I received. Would recommend to others, and will be returning.
4	I normally love this place as you can actually get a nice cut & style from their lowest tier stylist for a reasonable price (I swore it use to be $35, but my last one in July '14 cost me $45). However, watch out for their up-sells for "treatments" - umm hello, $25 for a couple of spritz of something in wet hair that did NOTHING? I was assuming a mask or oil infusion treatment. Nope, just made my layers frizz as soon as I washed my hair again :/
5	I recently came here to get my haircut after doing my research this the place I had decided on, as im new to wi I hadn't a clue where to go. My hair was so damaged which makes sense seeing as my last haircut was atleast a year and a half before so I decided to take the plunge and get a lob (long bob) shorter in the back longer in the front my hair before then was near the very bottom of my back. I opted for a level 5 and I couldn't be happier she was great, I believe her name was Rebecca! She listened and gave me suggestions on how to style which I loved. I will totally be back to touch it up, next time I think ill treat myself to a facial or gel mani. The cut includes wash, and style as well!
5	My experience at ANiU didn't come under the best of circumstances - I had gotten my hair cut the day before at another salon and the best description for what I was left with is "hack job."  Since I was leaving for vacation the next day, I was desperate to have it fixed and called ANiU since I've heard their ads on the radio forever.  The woman who booked my appointment was very nice, and after I explained the situation and that I needed a stylist very experienced with working with short hair she recommended an appointment with Amy, a level three stylist ($40).When I arrived for my appointment I was checked in and took a seat in the waiting area, which is set up with coffee and hot tea.  Amy came out to get me right on time and took a few minutes to listen to my preferences.  She then told me what she could do to help salvage the cut and got to work.She was able to even out much of the choppiness of the first cut and give my hair a better shape, while keeping within my initial preferences.  She then showed me how to easily style it and suggested a product to keep it from flying away on me.  Some people have mentioned that the staff really pushes product, but she didn't push me to buy anything, she just asked if I needed anything and when I said no, that was that.The salon is HUGE - I was really surprised by how many stylist chairs they have.  Amy told me they have upwards of 50 stylists who work at the salon, which explains how easy it was to get an appointment on such short notice just before Labor Day.  I would definitely recommend both the salon and Amy.
5	Rebecca is my stylist and I must say... She's the best! I held out stubbornly to get a hair trim or my routine summer bob cut after moving from L.A. And away from my stylist of 10+ years. She did an excellent job at considering what I wanted and the addition to her skills and attention to detail created the perfect experience and cut for me. Service at the salon is excellent and wouldn't ask for me.
