4	Feeling pain in those knees? Can't walk straight due to back pain? There's a room in the oratory covered with crutches from the thousands of people who have made pilgrimages and was purportedly cured. But if making your way up 100 steps on your knees is not your thing, take the escalator and enjoy the view from this gorgeous basilica. The church museum has a display of nativity scenes from all over the world....France is ultra modern, Martinique was all coconuts and China looked like it belonged in a fish tank. There's also a display of select scenes from the life of St. Joseph and the reliquary houses the heart of Brother Andre. And you thought the occult was weird.
5	I really have a hard time believing I am the first to review this. This was an exceptional place to visit. Built in the 1960s, it's a shrine dedicated to Jesus' father, Saint Joseph, by the Brothers of the Congregation of the Holy Cross.  It seems one of the monks, Brother Andre (who dreamed of this place) also was known for his curative miracles and people from all over Canada and the world make the pilgrimage here yearly.  It's got four chapels and the basilica (chapels is a loose term-the largest holds upwards of 1000 people) all of which are available for self-guided tour.  There is also the tomb of Brother Andre, a permanent exhibit dedicated to his life, a museum on the history of the holy family, and (seasonally) the shrine gardens for viewing.  The museum is known for its' permanent exhibit of nativity creches from around the world. Guided tours are given and probably the best way to see most of the Oratory quickly, but you can do just a well picking up a brochure at the visitor's center and taking the complex at your own pace. Personally, I think most impressive features are the Crypt Church with its' stained glass windows, the 300 steps (or 99 kneeling steps for pilgrims) to the basilica, and the Votive Chapel where previous grantees of Brother Andre's miracles left their crutches and canes.  Although not impressive at all (as it should be), the chapel of Brother Andre is the original site of his miracles and is located away from the grandeur of the basilica. A word of caution, the Oratory, being built in the mid-1900s, is modern and doesn't have quite the ornamentation of older pre-1900 churches, but nonetheless, it is just as impressive.  It also features a carillon (bell tower) that gives performances most days of the week and a world renown Boys' Choir (Petits Chanteurs du Mont-Royal) which tours internationally in the summer.  I think they are almost as good as Vienna's Boys' Choir.The shrine does have a touristy side with a gift shop and cafe, but at least the Oratory hasn't started charging admission, although they do ask for a donation to view the museum.  There also is a small hostel for pilgrims to the shrine who will be staying overnight.  I did the entire thing in several hours, but you can probably get through it in a hour or less if you want to.  Being a shrine of medical miracles, the place is definitely wheelchair accessible, but to walk the Oratory is a bit of hike.  The basilica sits on the western part of Parc du Mont-Royal and the dome can be seen all over Montreal (I think it's actually the highest point in Montreal.)  The closest Metro stop is Cote des Neiges, but it still a long walk from the Metro station.  I suspect you can catch a bus from the Metro station though.  Also check the website for additional information such as open times.It's a must see in my opinion that definitely doesn't break the bank (READ: Free!)
5	St. Joseph's is a massive, gorgeous church. Aesthetically beautiful and a must-go tourist spot. Climb the bazillion stairs if you dare but you won't be sorry. Views from the top are exquisite. Also, definitely make sure you tour through the Garden of the Stations of the Cross. Breathtaking even for nonreligious heathens like me. Definitely go inside and tour the basilica too if you can. Lovely and what a sight to see!
5	A staggering work of architecture, it would be worth climbing up the stairs on your knees to see it... which you can do, actually.The Oratory has a commanding view of Montreal, a beautiful secluded path that guides you through the Stations of the Cross, and a well-manicured series of gardens.  Even if you are not there to appreciate it on a religious level, you'll find something aesthetically moving.The interior is not nearly as impressive as the external architecture, with grand, flat walls instead of the ornately carved ones you may find in a similar cathedral in France or Italy.  Still, the sheer size of the place when you're under the dome is enough to give you the kind of goosebumps you'd expect.Regardless of the length of your stay in the city, find a way to get to the Oratory, particularly if you're a religious type.
4	Worth visiting for the view alone. If you're so inclined, attend service. Be sure to leave a donation, and light a candle.Even though I'm not terribly religious - I jive spiritual - there's something about the art that sends chills up my spine. This place is designed to make one feel small, and very, very mortal, and it does a good job of it.Visit the gardens, toss a coin into the pool, and meditate on that mortality.
5	Hailing from a strict catholic background, I've seen my fair share of grande churches. I clearly had an expectation upon the drive to St. Joseph's Oratory. Let me say that I was indeed impressed by what stood before me. It is a magnificent work of architecture only minds ahead of their time dream up.  There are many ins and outs, floors, rooms and grottos located within its majestic walls.  Masses, concerts and prayer celebrations are held here as well.  It also houses the tomb and heart (literally) of Brother Andre. In their candlelit quarters, you come upon the Stations of the Cross. From the upper levels you can catch an awe inspiring view of Montreal. You realize this is a truly beautiful city sparked by so much history.I could think of adjectives all day to expound on how magnificent the Oratory is, inside and outside of its great walls, but I think you catch my drift...
5	St. Joseph's Oratory is a breathtaking sanctuary built by the newly canonized Saint in the Catholic Church, Brother Andre, in dedication to St. Joseph. I've visited the Oratory many times, and each time the grand splendour of the building grasped me. Many stairs are to be climbed in order to enter, or you can drive up- the Oratory is placed in a high hill. Inside, the atmosphere is quiet & spiritual. Pilgrims are in prayers and Catholic Mass is held within the crypt of the church many times a day. There is an info desk where you can pick up an "arrow guide book"- $2, in order to give yourself a tour without getting lost.What you'll find in the Oratory:The Lamp Hallway- This is a warm, dim-lighted hallway with over thousands of vigil lights that you can light for $1. This hallway has many people in prayer.Brother Andre's Tomb- Connected to the lamp hallway, rests the remains of Brother Andre who died on Jan 6, 1937. Here also, people are silent in prayer and veneration towards the newly canonized saint.The Crypt Church- Simple yet beautiful, this is the main place where the services are held throughout the day. I couldn't help but notice the beautiful statue of the main alter of St. Joseph and the marble and oak used in the crypt, very beautiful.Terrance on the Roof- The Oratory has a huge terrance that allows people to have a panoramic view of all the North-Western area of Montreal. You can see the Laurentian Mountains, lake St. Louis and St. Lawrence River. This is a must see and is breathtaking!Brother Andre Wax Display- There is an exhibit showcasing Brother Andre's doorkeeper's lodge, office, hospital, and his preserved heart!The Way of the Cross Garden- A beautiful garden on a hill shows off the natural environment and beauty. As you climb the hill, you see marble religious statues depicting each station of the cross. This garden is outside but attached to the Oratory.The Museum- For around $4 (adult fare) you can see the museum that has an impressive collection of religious art from the Renaissance period, and so much more.There is so much more: Brother Andre's room, original chapel, the souvenir shop (great variety of religious articles, medals and more for very reasonable prices), the cafeteria (offers full course meals), and the Carillion- largest church bells in North America. I had the opportunity to hear them before Mass, the quality and sound of the bells is outstanding!The entire Oratory staff is kind and helpful. The grounds and Oratory itself are maintained very well. I can't wait to come back here again!St. Joseph's Oratory is visited by pilgrims around the world in the thousands each year. This is truly a must see in Montreal!
4	My vacation pictures can be categorized into three categories: - Pictures of Fountains- Pictures of Statues- Pictures of ChurchesIts almost a Pavlovic response when I'm in a foreign city and I see one of the above (I automatically take my camera out and snap, another one for my collection).  St Joseph's is not a well known attraction in Montreal, but it should be.  It reminded me of Sacre Coeur in Paris - its a large domed church on a hill with a nice view.  Parking is $5 and admission inside the church is free (as it should be).  Admission to the church museum is $4, but it did not seem interesting.  There are a lot of places to explore and take great pictures (inside the church, garden, view from the top, view from the bottom, etc).  If you look carefully on the premises, you can find my vacation picture trifecta: church, statute, and fountain.
5	Please let me preface with saying that St. Joseph is one of my favorite saints, the other being St. Michael the Archangel. That being said, the Oratory was my Disneyland! My boyfriend-now-husband Floyd surprised me by planning a visit up here from Boston, where we both lived at the time. We're both very active Catholics and spent hours exploring the Oratory. I've visited many basilicas in Italy and of course the Oratory doesn't compare, but it is still a very special place for me.One of the first things we noticed was the four flights of stairs and three pedestrian crosswalks in between each set leading to the Oratory, which I believe is the highest point in Montreal and the second largest dome after St. Peter's Basilica in Vatican City. The middle set of wooden stairs was reserved for pilgrims climbing up on their knees. We both looked forward to attempting the stair climb at the end of our visit.After the Way of the Cross in the garden (Floyd made me pose and take photos next to each station, saying "It's like each station is a prize on Wheel of Fortune..."), the multiple chapels, and other sites within and around the Oratory, hours passed and Floyd wanted to climb the stairs before sunset. He insisted I stay at the top to take pictures of him, with the excuse that I was in a dress and would hurt my knees. I agreed and Floyd made his way down. As he climbed up, I noticed Floyd clasping his hands, and I assumed it was in act of reverence and prayer. Tourists started staring as he neared the top, and with Floyd beginning to struggle in the heat, I encouraged him to climb the last set of stairs. Upon the last step, after my congratulatory remarks, Floyd urged me to come close. We embraced and Floyd whispered plenty of sweet nothings, including that he would try his best to "be your St. Joseph, and there'd be nothing more lovely than to have you as my Mother Mary." He exposed the ring he held in his hands the way up the stairs, asked me for my hand in marriage, and naturally, I beamed and exclaimed, "Yes!" We rushed back in, just in time to have one of the priests bless my engagement ring before he left for the day and light a few candles, especially the one for St. Joseph, Head of the Holy Family. It was the most beautiful, fitting proposal, and I will always fondly remember the Oratory as the place we got engaged. I definitely would love to visit again for one of our future anniversaries. Even if I hadn't gotten engaged here, this place is a must-visit for both Catholics and non-Catholics who can appreciate such beauty.
4	Ahhh...what an amazing view of the city.  I am in montreal a lot for work but only got to see this site at night...but still, what an amazing view of montreal.  Definitely a must in the summer, day or night.Can't wait to see the oratory too :)It has become one of my favourite current, and must do visit to montreal :)Ryan
5	Anyone who gives St. Joseph's Oratory less than 5 stars is going straight to hell.  LOL!  Just kidding... but seriously, I would confess  just to be safe.  This place is truly awe-inspiring and boasts beautiful views of the entire city.Montreal holds a special place in my heart since my husband proposed to me on top of Mount Royal.  The next day, before we left, we went to St. Joseph's Oratory after our concierge recommended we go (the Basilica was the only holy place on our list). Although I don't practice Catholicism now, I was baptized and raised Catholic my entire life, so I still have a very healthy respect of the sacredness of places like St. Joseph's.  Just walking up to the huge building is enough to take your breath away literally and figuratively.  Once inside, we found several chapels - one with a service going on and another empty, save for tourists.  Tall, wooden statues of all the disciples lined the walls in truly the most beautiful display I had ever seen in a church.  The attention to detail with their expressions, features, and even their tell-tales accessories was both beautiful and haunting.  You can't help but feel God's presence here.If you live in Montreal, this is a place you should frequent at least annually.  If you don't, then this is somewhere you should see at least once in your lifetime.P.S. wear your walking shoes! Those stairs and that hill are no joke!
3	Last weekend was my first visit to St Joseph's even though I've been coming to Montreal since I was a kid. I'm not a religious person so this place didn't have the same effect on my as it would for say, a practicing Catholic. The architecture is nice and seemed very modern on the inside considering it was built in the late 20's. It's a very large building with lots of different chapels. There's always a mass going in one of them somewhere. The main cathedral is over-the-top big and I'm assuming is supposed to make you feel small compared to the hugeness of the catholic mafia... err I mean, god.Since we went in winter, the gardens and other outdoor areas were closed for the season so I didn't get to see all of it. Overall, for me, it was a nice building and I took nice photos.Oh and don't miss the hardcore pilgrims climbing the stairs on their knees! Crazy!
4	This was the first place I visited while in Montreal.  I didn't grow up Catholic or attend a church with a giant building so every time I visit churches like these, I'm at least a little amazed.  We did a lot of random exploring throughout the church.  I'm not going into detail about each place that we went to, but I think it's definitely worth exploring the entire building.  As I've been looking at attractions in Montreal, this definitely should be a lot higher on the list. The view of the city from here is absolutely beautiful especially at sunset.  For any visitor to Montreal, I definitely think this place is worth the visit.
4	One more star than I gave Notre Dame Basilica because I felt like this place was much more impressive. It's HUGE and you have a lot of freedom to explore and look at everything. The pilgrims going up the steps on their knees is something I've never seen before. Definitely worth a trip out to see if you're visiting Montreal.
5	Hands down of my favourite places in Montreal! I attend mass over here! The building is huge! Great view as well! Its definitely a must!
3	Fantastic view of Montreal from St Joseph's...make sure you climb up to the terraces and explore the huge church.  I'm not religious so I mostly visit churches for historical or architectural curiosity, and this church falls into that category.  The area with all the canes and crutches (from those who had visited and were healed) is a bit awe inspiring.  This church is a little farther from all the touristy parts of Montreal, but it's just a couple blocks away from the subway so it's convenient to get to.
4	Perhaps it should be called St. Andre's Oratorio now that he has been canonized but I'm sure he would be too humble to want this.  While not especially old, there is a lot to see at this religious site.  In general, I find the interior of the main church actually is the least interesting part - it is beautiful but quite plain.  If you go, take in the other portions, or do so on several visits.   These include the charming little chapel that Brother Andre originally set up; a museum of religious art (changing exhibits), a crypt church which was obviously completed before the main one and has more traditional stained glass; a hauntingly beautiful hall of votive candles; a way of the cross; a grotto and a carillon.  On top of everything, the view is spectacular.While I am an atheist I did find this to be a very impressive place.  I would withhold five stars simply because I do believe that as far as Catholic churches in North America go, I'd rank both the basilica of St. Anne-de-Beaupre and the Cathedral of St. Louis (in St. Louis, MO) as just a bit more impressive from an artistic standpoint.
2	Looks very impressive from the outside, but I was disappointed on the interior of the main part. Very blah. Go down to look at the heart of the guy that started it. Creepy!Also, we were approached by people outside asking for money. One guy had a whole story about his wife having cancer and how he needed help. I wanted to tell him to go to the church and ask for help. I think he was just looking to scam tourists.There are much better churches to visit in the area including Christ Church Cathedral.
4	I hate exercise. Okay, that's a lie. I hate LONG PERIODS OF EXERCISE. So I have no idea why I thought huffing and puffing my way up Mount Royal on a blisteringly warm May day was a splendid idea. But i'm glad I did.After finally reaching the top, I decided to pop into mass - it was fantastic.  Everyone is going to say that the interior of the church is dull or whatever, and I can understand that. It isn't incredibly ornate, but it is still worth a trip inside considering how large the church is. A man inside (who felt the need to call me "sugar lips") said it was the largest church in Canada. The so-called observation deck is the highlight. You can get a fantastic view of the city up there. Montreal doesn't have the ~best~ skyline, but I was in awe of the city.
4	You can spot this monument from miles away when you drive into MontrealYet, it remained elusive for me, and I got there late in the afternoon, my journey there was longer than required, I should have taken a train to Station Cote-des-neiges. but ended up walking 1/2 an hour more than I needed toWhen I got there, the view of the Oratory was amazing from up close as much as it loomed over the skyline driving into the city
5	After seeing the Olympic Stadium, Old Town Montreal, and now there is the one historic church of Montreal, Canada that... I  thought that, I would not see this old historic church and it was a part of our Montreal tour which the day fell on a Sunday... When, I first walked inside to the St Joseph's Oratory... I have to say that this church is really really old with the old traditional style brick settings in some areas inside of the St Joseph's Oratory... If I was to go back and revisit Montreal...The St Joseph's Oratory is the one place that... I don't mind revisiting again and a very historical landmark of Montreal, Canada!!!
5	What an absolutely beautiful and gigantic place! St. Joseph's Oratory is a gorgeous church that's built upon Mount Royal and is Canada's largest church. It basically has three sections. The first section (the one closest to ground level) is a very simple church, though it's quite long. There is a very nice section off to the left of the church where there are large areas of candles for offerings. The second level of the church houses a museum (which requires a fee) and a nice (free) section dedicated to (Saint) Brother Andre. The top level is the basilica, and it's the most massive church I have ever been in; you truly can't appreciate the size until you walk through it. From the top level, you can walk outside and visit the small chapel of Brother Andre as well.The church is very peaceful and the view from the top of the church, looking over all of Montreal, is quite amazing. It's definitely a place you have to visit while you're in Montreal, whether you're religious or not.
5	Several years ago I visited the Oratory.  I heard mass in the crypt church, lit a candle among thousands in the hallway, enjoyed the mural to St. Joseph patron of Canada, visited the different exhibits (including the nativity scenes and miraculous sites in Quebec).  I also purchased holy oil from the store, and, enjoyed lunch in the cafeteria,  I loved the view of Montreal.  I was overwhelmed by the large sanctuary.  I was thrilled to hear that Brother Andre had been canonized.  This is a place every person should see, religious or not.  They will benefit in some way.Gail OsburnWashington, D.C.
4	St. Joseph's Oratory is quite a sight to see in person. It's massive and spectacular. The best place I truly enjoy here is the hallway with lit candles. The many crutches hanging on both sides of this hallway has some significant meaning, The views of Montreal from the upper levels is amazing and a great photo opportunity.The downside of this place is that over the years with so much popularity, it has become more commercialized and seem to capitalize on visitors for money. But this is a religious free location and everyone is welcome to visit.
1	We tried to visit the oratory in August, 2013. We were a group of six elderly Americans eagerly climbing the hill to visit the church that we had read had no entrance fee. A very mean lady stopped us and told us we would have to pay the fee for guided tour groups. When we told her we were just a group of tourists she threatened to call security and rudely insisted that we leave immediately. This was a terrible experience for us. Had we walked in alone or by twos we would have walked right in to visit what we read is a beautiful structure!
5	Surely one of the largest and most spectacular religious structures in North America. Situated atop Mont Royal, it boasts a gorgeous view. Fascinating stories about Brother Andre (now canonized) -- I wonder what he'd think of his tiny chapel now.   It's a stunningly contemporary design inside, and the organ is amazing. The votive chapel is lovely, and directly behind it is Brother Andre's tomb (his heart's located elsewhere in the building) and a glimpse at the part of Mont Royal the oratiry was built into. The lame crawl up the stairs to the oratory, and the crutches and canes displayed in the votive chapel attest to the faith of those visitors.
2	Visited St Joseph's this Christmas Eve and I was pretty disappointed. I think I had built it up to be something pretty amazing in my mind and when I finally went I was pretty disappointed with the Christmas Eve mass. The actual church was gorgeous of course but I expected more from the mass.
2	Driving in from the south, the imposing dome of St. Joseph's is visible from 20 km out - the first visual confirmation that you're getting close to Montreal. For a tourist, this hulking presence is almost impossible to resist, and all the guidebooks confirm that the church is a Top 10 attraction, so of course you make time for a visit. As you pull into the parking lot, picking your way through tour buses packed with pilgrims, you're struck again by the sheer mass of the building perched atop one of the highest points in the city. As you climb the interminable stairs up the side of the mountain, you start to anticipate the architectural beauties that await you at the summit. Several hundred calories later, you finally enter the sanctuary, ready for a payoff that never really comes. Turns out the ooh's and ah's of St. Joseph's are mostly generated down below. At the top, the views are endless, but not especially awe-inspiring, because you're looking away from the Montreal skyline. And the inside of the church is nearly Spartan in its simplicity, with very little to distract your eye from the huge dome overhead. What little effort is made at decoration tends toward a monochromatic, slightly depressing style with a nod to Chagall.
5	We took a short walk here from the place we were staying around 11 at night. Wow! It was incredible. Neither my boyfriend or I are religious, but we wanted to see the oratory as it is touted to be one of the largest churches in the world. It was beautiful. Would have been nice to see it in the daylight but our evening stroll up to the top was pretty magical and we enjoyed being the only ones there. There was something very special about the night there. We would have liked to have been able to see inside, but wouldn't trade our private night time stroll on the grounds - very cool! I would highly recommend checking this place out, it's quite humbling.
