5	There were a few episodes of Seinfeld that were dedicated to this type of resturant.  This is the 3rd chinese buffet that has started in this same building in the last 2 years that i have been here, so I imagine there have been more.  For the last month they have been remodleing, with paint, carpet and signs.  I gave them 5 stars cause i want someone to succeed here.  I just got done eating there, and it wasn't bad.  It is a chinese buffet and you can only expect so much.  I talked to the owner and asked how things were going, and she seemed a little scared with the grand opening, becasue it wasn't going as well as planned.  the location isn't bad it is just north of the US60 on Country Club in Mesa and it has good street visibility.  Come down and tell your friends.  I don't know why i am doing this but at least we can all help one business owner try and make it in this tough world.  There are many times i have gone to places because it was more of a fad and really wasn't that great.  Lets use the power of yelpers and turn this place into a fad that everyone raves about.  Truthfully, it isn't anything special, but what the hell, give it a shot.
4	I am on vacation from the cold, snow and blizzards in the Pacific Northwest. We had missed lunch and thought to visit a buffet for dinner.Yelp review for Ocean Buffet had 5 stars. It was close enough to our hotel in Scottsdale try it out.The food is easily 4.5 stars. Lots of seafood dishes, both hot and cold, spicy and mid. A modest amount of sushi. Some of the best fried appetizers that I have ever had in a chinese buffet. Kept crisp and not steamed too long to become too soft.Nice assortment of salads and fruits.Simple deserts from King bakery. The mocha mousse layer cake was excellent .. light and flavorful.All for $9.96 about $10.50 with tax. A beverage was included in this price.I will have to put a ding in for the condition of the men's restroom. It was not being maintained frequently enough to keep the waste baskets from overflowing.Overall a very good experience. It seemed to be a sincere product of the efforts of a highly dedicated family run business. I would go there again.
1	I'm always up for buffets around Mesa, AZ and trust me I've eaten at some really good ones and some really bad ones.  Unfortunately for me and my husband, this one was bad, really really bad.   The sushi was terrible and tasteless.  The tuna tasted like it had been sitting in the refrigerator for a few days not a few hours.  I gave up on their sushi after I tasted the tuna.  Then I went to some of the standard and some not so standard buffet food.  All of it was tasteless gelatin globs of yuck.  Will I go back no.  Why not because I honestly don't want to be sick the next day, which is what I'm hoping doesn't happen now.  Hubby, didn't do any better with his dinner either.  He loves Chinese food and all it has to offer and you know somethings up when he leaves a lot of stuff on his plate.  He pretty much left everything after a few bites.  Even the Chinese fortune cookies tasted old.  I honestly don't know what happened between us and those who yelped about it previously.  I hate leaving bad reviews for any establishment but I really feel everyone needs to be warned before going here.
3	This place is fine.  and a little crazy.  I love all places that are a little crazy.  I went here after passing it many a-time on my way to plea residents between Brown and Lindsey to please please PLEASE take my survey and help my finish me @#%&@#!#$ dissertation research.  (Thanks to all who obliged - and the undergrads who went door to door all summer in 100+ heat).  My stance regarding buffets is as follows:  A lot of restaurants aren't all that clean and the food isn't all that fresh, but buffets display those facts more openly.  While I was there, the icecream case was a disaster, as mentioned in another post, but most other things were hot if they were supposed to be hot and cold if they were supposed to be cold.  No one I was with -- including two very suggestible pukers -- got sick.  We all left full.  We all ate the craziest things we could find, except for one person, who kept going back for the bacon wrapped scallops.  That's probably because of all the Morning Star Facon Strips he's been eating in the past year made the real stuff seem like a taste explosion.  (Apologies to the man but what do you expect when you date a someone who doesn't eat meat?)I thought this place was great - if you are judging it based on what it claims to be (a pan-asian seafood buffet on a budget) and not some other standard.
5	Ever make a mistake & it turned out great?  I went somewhere else for lunch today, not knowing that it would be closed Sundays, & ended up here at this stylish, mid-sized place.  It's much nicer than average inside, & serves up a generous selection of goodies.  There were at least 81 main food items out today.After some excellent soup, there were lots of delicious cold foods to choose from, served up on attractive glass plates rather than in the usual steel trays.  The sushi has it's own table, & was TERRIFIC, with a number of choices offered that I've never seen anywhere else, including expensive sushi-only places.The hot food was tops too, & high-end for this kind of place.  There were big, bacon wrapped shrimps, long, tender asparagus spears, baked with spices & a thin layer of cheddar cheese on top, great ribs, & lot of unusual tasty (Japanese?) surprises.For dessert, I had one of the four selections of delicious REAL ice cream, & some of the best banana cream pie I've ever tasted!Lunch is $7.39/$6.65 Sr.  Weekends & Dinner are $9.69/$8.72.   Drinks are included, the service is great, it's spotlessly clean, & it's 5 Stars!
5	It's been almost 5 months since my original review, so I stopped back in here with Mike C. today to see if it's still great.  Last visit was on a Sunday, which of course is "fancy" day at a buffet, so it would be interesting to see how it is for a weekday lunch.  Well, Yelpies, it's still great!Some of my favorite things they were serving today to a capacity crowd were baby bok choy cooked in a garlic fish sauce, amazing stuffed crabs on the half-shell, four choices of REAL ice cream, & so on.Woohoo!
3	Ocean Buffet is an ok place to eat if you're looking for quick Asian food without paying take out prices.  My fiance and I ate there at about 6:30pm and the food was a tad un-fresh for my liking.  Sushi was a little warm and oysters/clams have been out for a bit and not as cold as I think they should have been. Also some of the hot dishes had been out for a while and were getting dry.  The place was clean and service was ok.  I would say go there when it's busier so the food keeps coming out fresh, as business picked up mid-way through our meal and they brought out most all new fresh food.  If it's not busy I would say go elsewhere, you may have a better experience. But for the price it's not terrible.
2	I don't know if I hit Ocean on an off night or what but I won't be back after my one experience here.I'm not a fan of this style of restaurant to begin with and I found the food to vary from average to poor.I've never had what I would consider good food at a Chinese buffet and have not eaten at one for years.  It will likely be years before I try one again.
1	We will not be back. From the moment we walked in it was absolute chaos. A waitress bumbed into my husband and did not apologize, a man was yelling (loudly) into a mic what food needed to be replaced and no one greeted us for at least five minutes (no one else was waiting). We literally said "man this food better be good". It was not. The sushi was completely tasteless.  The dumplings were so hard fried they cut my mouth. The chicken was chewy. It was cheap-but cheap for a reason, just BAD.  Buffets like this are rarely great-but it is difficult I think to be this BAD. Honestly I would not go back if it was free.
5	Me and my  husband went here for lunch today.  I thought No way am i eating sushi thats been out, but it was very fresh!  it was so good.  Great texture and obviously fresh.  I just got a little taste of a few things.  I mostly ate the sushi, it was so good, i was just really surprised!  Normally I do not eat sushi at a buffet for obvious reasons, ew... but not here, it looked good and so i had some and I kept going back.Not a fan of the honey chicken, the orange chicken was good, I liked the green beans, but my favorite was the kings pork! Yummie!  oh! and the crab puffs, actually have crab in them. Was so good!  a great selection of desserts too.  the ice cream station was not dirty so yay!  my husband was impressed as he loves pistachio ice cream and they had it.  the service was good, and as I was sitting there I noticed... no dust on the light fixtures and i touched the chair rail,and no dust on that either.  Thats awesome:)  Everyone was smiling, our cups were always filled.  it was great.  The only thing I didn't like was the chairs were a little uncomfortable.  But thats about the only complaint.  Ronney
2	Gross. Went here a few times due to having coupons, etc, and the bads far outweigh the goods. I'm a total believer in Chinese Buffets, and I'm not one of those types that is like OH MY GOD BUFFETS ARE GROSS I DON'T LIKE ANY OF THEM SO HERE'S A 2 STAR REVIEW CUZ I GET GROSSED OUT BY EVERYTHING THAT'S NOT TGI FRIDAY'S. BUT.. Ocean Buffet is inconsistent, not that awesome of a value, and they are SOOO cheap with the sushi.. there are only about 10 little pieces out for the pickin's available at any time, and they aren't quick to make more.. A few of the seafood dishes served at the buffet are decent, but they can be had elsewhere, and are fresher, and with an atmosphere that feels far less stabbier. This review is based on 3 visits over the course of 2 months...
2	Service at this restaurant was excellent. Always asked to refill drinks and offered to take away plates often. When seated, immediately asked for what drinks we wanted.Food at this buffet was on the low quality side, Sushi had a lot of fillers. Food was average to poor. Ice cream was all messy, melted and not very clean. Beware of the coupons, although you save, the food is very cheaply made.
3	Ocean buffet was.. acceptable.  If they had .5 star ratings, I'd prob rate it a 2.5.  We went here on a Monday night, around 7 P.M.  There were trays that had looked like they had been sitting under those heat lamps since the opening of the restaurant (such as the crawfish whose sauce had a scummy membrane on top of it).  There was a decent variety of sushi at the sushi station.  However, it also looked VERY old and dried out, and some of the nigiri sushi fish layers had been removed by an unknown patron, leaving just a few mounds of rice.  Like many Americanized Chinese buffets, there is a plethora of battered, fried, chicken covered with an unctuous sweet sauce.  Ocean Buffet is no exception.  Today they had "Lover's chicken" (AKA sweet and sour chicken), orange chicken, honey chicken... all very sweet and slightly different tasting from the other dish.  In terms of seafood, they have crab legs here, but they looked a bit too puny and skinny for me to try them out.  They also have raw oysters, various incarnations of shrimp, some mussel dishes, and baked salmon. Soup was decent, probably the tastiest part of the meal.  I tried some hot and sour soup, and egg drop soup, which both had good flavor and texture.Service was good.  Old plates were removed promptly and drinks refilled as needed.  Price?  A little under $11 (10.79 I think, something like that) which includes soft drinks.
3	The oriental buffet is a cut above most buffet.    It is located just off of US60 and Country Club.    I expecially like their sushi selection.    I can have a great meal just with sushi at a very reasonable price.   I find there other selections ok as well.   Ocean Buffet is definetly a place to stop by if you are in the area an hungry for oriental food.
1	My family ate here the evening of March 29th 2012. After we were done eating I took my 4 year old to the bathroom to wash her hands and saw a live roach on his back wiggling his legs in the air. I asked a female staff member to come to the restroom and showed this to her all she said was "well we get sprayed for bugs every week so maybe he just crawled up the drain and the bug company says there is no guarantee " I dont know about everyone else's pest control companys but any that I have ever talked to say that you should not see any bugs between spraying. Needless to say I am disgusted and will be reporting this restaurant to the health dept.
3	= = = = = =  CLOSED  = = = = = =So sad, so sad!  This once 5-Star Buffet began slipping down, down, & now it has closed!  This was the second Buffet we have lost in this shopping center, along with Azucar, which has reopened elsewhere, but without their excellent Cuban Buffet.     :-O
