5	I love McAlister's Deli and it's great to have one nearby. The kids meals are only 99 cents every day, which means my family, which includes four kids, can eat here for under $20! The food is delicious, the sweet tea is the best in town, and it has a great lunch atmosphere for casual or business lunches. Highly recommended.
5	Excellent service. Great food. I got the Chipotle Chicken Sandwhich. The food arrived in less than 5 minutes and the staff checked on my drink three times during the 20 minutes I was in there.
2	No way will I return here. Underwhelmed right from the start. Mumbling order taker that sounded like she needed to take a nap. My wife order her sandwich with no tomato, but it had tomato on it. I had salad with chicken, but there was only 3 slivers of chicken. The food was bland.  The only reason for the 2nd star was because the place was clean. I give this place 6 months before it closes. It's more like a sandwich shop than a deli.
3	The girl behind the register was a low talker and I had to ask a couple of times for her to repeat herself. Apparently, she couldn't hear me either because my sandwich had tomatoes even though I ordered it without them (I'm very used to this though). I asked the same girl what was in the chicken salad, she started looking at the register for the answer, luckily the other girl behind the counter was able to tell me. I ordered the sandwich and a cup of broccoli cheese soup. The chicken salad was mushy (too much mayo or miracle whip) and tasteless but the soup was hot and tasty. I gave the restaurant 2 stars because it's clean and beautifully decorated and another star for the soup. Other than that, it's just another sandwich shop and in an odd location.
4	This is a new deli on the northwest side off 83rd and Bell (next to Subway and Coldstone). The service is great although you can tell that this may be the cashier girl's first job (she is very nervous - but sweet and helpful nonetheless). I tried the French Dip and it was very good. Their Tomato Bisque is above average. Their famous McAlister's Sweet Tea is very good. A bit pricey at $13 for a sandwich, soup and drink. I would still return for the great service and delicious sandwiches. Can't wait to try their French Onion soup!
5	The food here is phenomenal!!! Makes Jason's Deli taste like Subway. I'm working on the whole menu and have yet to be disappointed. My favorite so far is the Big Nasty. You must try their sweet teas. Kids meals without a drink are only $0.99!!! The manager, Cody, is extremely friendly and it reflects on his staff. The service exceeds expectation.
5	This is some of the best food you can get! Paradise bakery does not hold a candle to it! The food and the staff are  great awesome prices too!
5	This is not your typical sandwich shop. They've got sandwiches sure to please any palate. This comes from a picky eater who has to have variety. They've got got enough food variety to keep your picky tongue satisfied. I speak for myself when I state that I do not like sandwiches and eating at the same places continuously. I am in a roll with this being day number 3. It's that good! Don't forget to try their great sweet tea or Arnold palmers. Do yourself a favor and give McAllisters deli a try. You'll like the value you get that overpriced sandwiches fail to provide. Thank you so much for opening more of these in the valley. I am a southerner and have always loved it here. Thanks again from a very satisfied customer!
5	I LUV LUV LUV this place!!! The food & the staff are amazing!! I don't think I have seen customer service this awesome since I left Michigan. The Mgr Cody is awesome & they say, it trickles down. He passes his friendliness & love of his job down to his staff. The fact that the food here is just AMAZING is just an added bonus! I wish I could eat there every day! The pot roast accompanied by its ridiculously delicious gravy is a MUST TRY!!! Keep up the great work guys!!!
5	We went here new years eve and it was so good! The two girls behind the counter were AWESOME and took the time to explain the menu and offered lots of suggestions on the best items to order. I ordered the French dip with a side of macaroni and cheese and the sweet tea.The food was delicious and very reasonably priced. We paid $15 for two sandwiches with sides and our two large glasses of water plus my tea.We were checked on multiple times during our meal and the customer service is definitely one of the many reasons we'll return.Definitely recommend giving this place a try!
