3	Goodstead is a relatively new designer clothing shop that recently arrived on Rose St.  Selling brands such as Pointer, Fred Perry and Minnetonka the clothing appeals to many high street styles. Some of the price tags are pretty brutal and will prompt you to question whether the same item isn't available at half the price elsewhere.Seems to me like an elaborate Topman. See what you think.
3	There's no denying that this shop is very cool, and a nice little independent haven amongst the sea of high street stores surrounding it in the centre of town, although it is on Rose Street, which does in itself have quite a few shops of an independent nature.The shop premises are pretty hot (not temperature), and nice and spacious to wander around in, with both ladies and men's wear. The ladies clothing is all perfectly nice and on trend, it's just not really my style, but I'm sure whether it's your ideal style or not you'd definitely find something to suit you, as all the garments are pretty wearable, and there's nothing too crazy going on. Goodstead stock a number of brands, including Fred Perry, Onitsuka Tiger, and YMC, plus others. A cheeky shop in here can definitely turn out to be a bit pricey, but all the designers on offer at Goodstead are at the higher end of the market anyway, so you're getting good quality garments for your silvers.
4	A lot of Edinburgh residents tend to give the city's retail scene a bit of a kicking, often specifically citing the lack of shops such as this one. Whilst I'm not exactly born to shop, the city seems perfectly fine to me in that respect, and tstores like Goodstead suggest that much of the grumbling is unfounded.Selling moderately fashionable, moderately pretentious streetwear to people that have now outgrown Cult Clothing, it stocks a range of familiar and more obscure brands for both men and women. I was quite annoyed that I'd bought a pair of trainers recently before stumbling across Goodstead as they had some quite fetching sneakers adorning the wall. Nice t-shirts too, and a good addition to Rose Street.
4	Goodstead is a lovely, super sleek clothes shop selling the best in high end European fashion.With names like Wood Wood, Hammarborg, Carhartt and Nike, this is where all the really good quality street fashion lives. There are also some whimsical offerings from designs that look Scandinvian. They've got that crisp, cutting edge design look about them.With awesome printed gimmick t shirts to dressy attire for guys and girls, Goodstead is a shop whose fashion would fit someone earning a professional wage who likes to unwind at the weekend. The urban fashion is grown up and of great quality. It's expensive but nothing in here is stuffy, and a lot of the designs are fun while also being trend setting.Admittedly, I've not heard of most of these brands - it's a bit out of my price range for the moment! But it doesn't stop me ogling some of the beautiful garments, or lusting after their gorgeous summer rain jacket range. With airy, uncluttered surroundings and laid back, helpful shop assistants, it's nice to go in for a wee browse. At no point are you pressured into trying anything on, it's all very chilled out. But it would be at home on a high end street in Barcelona as much as it fits in with chic Rose Street here!
4	Rose street has a handful of hidden gems that not many people know about, and Goodstead is DEFINITELY one of them! It's got really good labels, like Marj C has outlined, and really quirky t-shirts and accessories. Although they are very pricey....you would have to really really love the clothes to buy them!Saying that, this means the quality is high so you know you're getting a really good product.The staff are really friendly too, I don't think the shop gets very busy so they are happy to help. It's worth a looky looky.
