5	Just moved to town and I needed a new table and some barstools.  I was really having a hard time finding a furniture store for such a large city. Plus I prefer good quality, durable, and elegant furniture, so IKEA is not the place for me.  I finally found this store and was very impressed with their inventory.  I found exactly what I needed right away.  And they are willing to work with you on price.  Very courteous salespeople, they don't pressure you, so it makes you want to actually buy furniture from them.  Said it would take 3 weeks to get our stuff, we had it in a couple days.  Delivery was reasonable and they were also very pleasant while delivering.  Hope this will cover me for a while, but if I do need something, this will be my go-to.  Thanks!
5	I stumbled on this store because I was in the area so I dropped in.  I was looking for a couple of club chairs and they had several beautiful options.   The whole store has some very unique furniture at reasonable prices.  I was going to negotiate the price with the sales rep, but they had a 20% off all furniture promotion going.  I was very happy with that discount.
5	If you are SICK of the big chain furniture store employees following you around or won't let you browse then you must try this place. Walked out of The Room Store and Ashley's because they would not leave us alone. Actually found some stuff at The Room Store but thanks to an over zealous sales woman (Southern and Power) who wouldn't even let me speak to my wife without interrupting, we walked out. Found this place and they take pride in NOT following you around and smothering you. Bought a whole living room and plan on buying more for our family room. Nice, quality stuff!
5	We are so happy with the tv stand we purchased for our home theater. David was super helpful throughout the buying process and was willing to negotiate prices fairly. We ended up paying $375 for the tv stand (originally $499) with a $30 delivery fee. The piece looks great and is of high quality! We will definitely be back! :)
5	We purchased a sofa and ottoman at this store.  David Shaffer was our sales representative.  David was helpful and attentive during the sales process.  Unfortunately, within a few days of receiving the furniture, I noticed my eyes and skin were stinging and irritated. I was also having breathing difficulties. After discussions with his manager and the furniture manufacturer, David arranged for us to exchange the furniture for a store credit less a 20% restock fee.
5	We had been searching for a new couch and kitchen table for weeks, until we found this place.... David was  amazing to work with from the beginning- zero pressure and gave us a fantastic deal on some BEAUTIFUL furniture!!!  We will definitely be returning to this store when we need to purchase anything else for our home!
