1	Wow! what a waste of 80 minutes. Breakfast ordered within 5 minutes of walking in ( good ) and no coffee or water on the table for 35 minutes?! ( fail! ) and no food until almost 60 minutes?! ( fail! ) People around us waited for almost an hour. Very disappointed by the first breakfast place we went to in Montreal. Food was ok but the slow service killed what could have been an ok breakfast. Don't waste your time here.
4	Good crepes. It took two times for them to make my wife's because they kept forgetting to leave the aioli off. Once they got it right it went down fast.
1	Simply the worst dining experience I have ever had. Waited an hour. They messed up our orders. Food came out at different times. Watched a waitress leave food in front of a customer and walk away, a few min later customer flagged her down to let her know it was not the right order... She picked it up and delivered the dish to another table. This place should be shut down!!!
3	Stopped in here for lunch on my Saturday walk. I kept it simple and ordered a tuna sandwich which came with all this crazy stuff on it. I opted out of the crazy stuff. The one young lady working there was really friendly so I felt bad when I became rather annoyed with her for bringing me no napkins and cutlery when she had said she would be right back with them. Since they were right there, and that it's kind of stupid that there are servers there when most things can be picked up yourself, I walked over to the counter and got my own stuff. Totally oblivious, she sweetly asked "is everything alright?" It's mostly a breakfast/brunch place, so probably better to stop in for some eggs or an omelet. I bet the place fills up in the morning.
3	Good coffee and toasted bagel.
2	Dirty....
4	Okay, I am a tourist and this was our first stop.  We did go to a few other crepe joints and in hind sight, this was the best.  Chris, the owner was fantastic.  He was very engaging, asked questions, made recommendations.  The service was really awesome.  I will caveat by saying it was not rush our, so I don't know what happens in rush hour though.  But, for us, it was perfect.  We had mixed berry crepe.  I forget the name but it was his specialty and a freshly made bagel  with cheese.  This was enough food for three of us.  It was really, really good.As for being a tourist, I have spent several years in Europe, so I get the crepe scene.  We love them and I do have some knowledge.  Lastly, when going to a new city for the first time, it is wonderful to have a 'first experience' with someone like Chris.
1	I almost feel terrible for saying such bad things about this place because our server, a girl who looked about 12, was so sweet, and the service issues could not be blamed on her as she seemed to be manning the entire place by herself.  That said, after sitting down my husband and I ordered after not having a server come to us for about 15 minutes.  Then we ordered coffee which didn't come until AFTER our food came.  When it came it was cold.  The food was average but I couldn't even enjoy it because I didn't have my drink with it!  How can you be at a restaurant for over a half hour with no drink!? Who serves the first order, drinks, AFTER the food!?  Then we had to wait for utensils.  When I finally got a diet coke that I ordered it didn't come with ice so I had to wait another 15 minutes for that, and also had to remind the waitress to get it once.  This place could have been decent but I literally had the worst service I've ever had in my life.
1	It was a cool, yet lovely Sunday morning.   Workout complete, we headed out for breakfast.  Down the street from our hotel we had passed this place over the past few days and it looked cuteThirty minutes into our visit, our party of five had one meal, and two drinks served.  Forty five minutes in, one more was served.  I had yet to see my coffee.  An hour in, I asked a server if we were on hidden camera and being pranked?   I really didEventually, one hour and fifteen minutes in.  We had all eaten our strangely staggered mealLessons learned:The food was ok.  But so is Tim'sI'm sorry goes a long way.  We never heard the wordsYou can do better.  Move along.  There's nothing to see here folks
5	I don't know how this place has poor reviews. For a small cafe, it isn't going to be fine dining, it is what it is. The food was fantastic, the omelettes were great. We ended up going here 3 times during our stay at Le Westin. I recommend it for breakfast.
