4	I'm not sure why this Nepalese restaurant opted for such a militarystyle name, but it definitely catches the attention! It's quite unique, as it's the only restaurant of it's kind I've come across in Edinburgh; what's more, it must feel a little lonely when you consider the numerous Italian restaurants in the area! I'd always been told how unique Nepalese food is, given the country's location and a lack of a strong culinary presence in many countries, so we were excited to see what was on the menu. Any fans of Indian food will feel welcome here as I spotted pakora, naan, and curry dishes. I do have an inkling some of these more recognisable dishes may be on the menu so people aren't completely intimidated by the more foreign sounding dishes! Example: Machhaphucre wasa!Though a lot of the dishes had equally cool names, I was familiar with most, if not all, of  the ingredients and was quite happy with my starters of Sandeko chicken (basically barbecued chicken) and Gurkha soup! I'll definitely have to be back to try one of their mains, which I have to say can be a little bit pricy!
3	I think if I'd got a takeaway from here, instead of eating in the restaurant, I might be giving it 4 stars and not 3. But I didn't, and I have to say I was a bit put off by the shabby feel to the place.Don't get me wrong, the food was lovely. I think I prefer Nepalese food to Indian food beause it's a lot less greasy and stodgy, which I can certainly vouch for here. But given that there are a surprising number of Nepalese restaurants springing up in Edinburgh at the moment, like Yak & Yeti in Newington or The Gurkha in Morningside, this place can't really afford to be putting people off on the basis of first impressions.
4	This place does appear, from the outside, to be a bit rough around the edges. However the service is friendly and the food is delicious.I came here on a Groupon deal so I can't really comment on value for money, but the food we ordered (one starter, one main and a moderate portion of rice and naan) was enough to leave us satisfied without bursting at the seams. The sweet naan was really flavoursome and absolutely lovely. The mixed vegetable pakora looked beautifully colourful and was served with a unique tasting dipping sauce, although the tikka kebab starter was lacking slightly in the flavour department. The mains were all beautiful; garlic-y, tomato-y and slightly spicy.To me, the appeal of this place is that they're offering something slightly different to the abundance of Indian food in Edinburgh. Nepalese seems to be quite similar yet slightly less greasy than Indian food. Although this place doesn't look as fancy as some of the surrounding restaurants, the food is lovely and proves that it's sometimes worth trying something new.
