5	I have been to several events and fundraisers where Arizona Nights was DJ, bartender and hosting casino games.  They are AWESOME.  I love working with Diane and Greg.Great music, fun and engaging.  Believe me you will have a great time.And don't forget the Casino games.  Sooooo much fun.  Anytime I hear they are going to be doing a fundraiser I am right on it and so are my friends.What more could you want?  Raise money for a worthy cause and have a blast doing it.Win win if you ask me.
5	Arizona Nights Entertainment company is a fantastic company to have at any event. They are  one of the most professional, engaging, and fun businesses in the valley.If you have ever attended an event hosted by another casio party company you will immediately see why Arizona Nights is the best of the best in the businessIf you are looking to provide a true casino experience, look no further than Arizona Nights.  Their staff is always professional & always friendly.They have extremely high quality gaming equipment. Much better than most here in the Valley. Bottom line all of the Arizona Nights Casino events I attended was fabulous!!!
1	I attended a wedding in May, 2014, that a DJ named Gregory hosted. He was rude, unprofessional and ill-prepared.  His equipment was not working properly but surprisingly he didn't have any back up to complete his job.  He even ended the reception early without consulting the family.  I wouldn't hire this DJ if he was the last one available. Hopefully he won't ruin anyone else's special day.
1	I was 1 of 3 hairstylist that worked the wedding on May 31, 2014. In my 20+ years experience I have never witnessed such a blatant disregard for a young couples special day. I cannot attest to things I did not witness, therefore I can, as a professional service person, tell what I witnessed first hand. Gregory was not only rude but defensive about his incompetent equipment. I specifically asked for additional party songs and his response was "the bride said no party music". That is the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard. The Macarena or Chicken Dance is a NO GO, but regular party music of today was allowed. I told the bride what Gregory's response was and her mouth dropped. Unfortunately, I was not aware that by that time she was already upset because of the screw up with her father's dance and things started going downhill. In this day and time, what DJ doesn't have a proper computer system to play music or even a backup system? It's not rocket science! In response to the 80+ year old Aunt who passed out and needed emergency help, she DID NOT have to go to the hospital. She suffered heat exhaustion and was taken care of. How dare you, Gregory to insinuate that too much alcohol was involved. Shame on you. 2nd... how dare you to pass judgement on a family and their friends WHICH YOU DO NOT KNOW, and make assumptions that people are getting too drunk. I witnessed no one passing out drunk. The bride and groom thanked me and my team for our services and left the reception. The time was 10:30pm. How funny YOUR computer broke down at 10:30pm. My understanding was the reception was on till midnight. Just plain old terrible business practices, Gregory. When I get a PAID job, I do my job professionally and pass no judgments. With that said your company be it Arizona Nights or Phoenix City Djs will definitely be on my DO NOT REFER  list. My team has strong clientele base in the valley with over 20 years experience. Social media reaches a lot of places.
4	This is the second time that I have used Arizona Nights for my corporate function and if I need a bartender again, I'll be calling them for a third time.  The bartender was very attentive to all of our guests and kept our glasses full. Their pricing was very fair.  We had one glitch which they fixed immediately and fairly, which shows excellent customer service. I'll definitely use them again.
