5	okay, so i know that reviewing a medical establishment is weird, but i had to sing my praises of this place. I have felt like crap for the last few days and tried every over the counter drug that I could cram into myself. Finally, I got kicked out of work yesterday for fear that my germs were contaminating everyone. I googled urgent cares and found this one had the best reviews.I got there, expecting a hole in the wall place like other urgent cares, but instead found a pretty nice facility on the 2nd floor of a shopping plaza. Everything was computerized, even registration. They got me in within 7 minutes. Then, with their state of the art equipment, they took my blood pressure, tempurature, and all the other vitals in like 2 minutes.The doctor came in 5 minutes later and didn't do any of the lame bull**** that you have to go through, she just checked a couple of things, told me what was wrong, and gave me drugs.All in all, it took a total of 45 minutes and I was on my way home with my codine cough syrup and a bunch of anti biotics. Definitely go here if you get sick, it's quick and easy.
4	Quick and easy way to get after hours care.My daughter never gets sick during normal business hours....only evenings and weekends it seems. Our whole family has been here quite a few times for everything ranging from an earache to the stomach flu. The Docs who work there are ER docs at local hospitals and know their stuff. They can fill many prescriptions on site and it's worth a few extra bucks to do it there rather than drive around. - especially when you have a sick and cranky toddler in the back seat.They have computer check in and once you're in the system it takes all of 2 minutes to get checked in. I don't think I've ever waited more than 10 minutes to see a doctor at this place. Overall, this place is great if you're not sick enough to go to the hospital and can't get in to see your regular doctor.
4	This place is great! My fiance needed to be seen quickly and waited for less than 5 minutes before being seen. The pricing was very reasonable, the office was clean and the staff was friendly!
2	Always had good experiences here, but tonight was really disappointing.  My daughter has been getting increasingly sick tonight, checked the website and they said they closed at 8:00pm on Friday nights.  Rushed a VERY sick kid over there, only to be told they stop seeing patients at 7:15 pm.  I wish they would post that on their website.  For potential patients checking the webiste, "closed" to us means what time they stop seeing patients, not what time they go home.  Even though we were there well before 8:00, they wouldn't see us.  They actually had another mom in there also with her son that was shocked that they post 8pm as their close time but won't see people after 7:15.
5	This place is not a chain, and it shows.  The place is clean, and the staff friendly. The place is owned by doctors and take most insurance.  I would not hesitate to suggest this place to any of my friends or family.
5	I hesitate to do this review because it can get busy in here, and let's face it, who wants to wait when you feel like crapola?This urgent care I have made my "primary care" because it is staffed with ER doctors and you don't get the typical "physicians assistant" treatment. In fact, when I first went on Labor Day of 2010, the doctor there sent me to the ER and correctly diagnosed me after a month of misdiagnosis by my now former Top Doctor! Yesterday I went because I have a cold (no big deal) and an ear infection (big deal, I am a flight attendant and have to fly and that is a No-NO with an ear infection). There was a long wait (about an hour and a half) but once I got in to see the doctor, it was 15 minutes and I was out of there!Very clean, organized, and professional, and EVERYONE is very, very nice.Highly recommend this place, folks! Call in advance if you're concerned about the wait...and for God's sake, please cover your mouth when you cough and cover your nose when you sneeze!
1	If I could give this place a negative star I would. I have a very sick son and the lazy doctor and staff turned us away at 415!! They close at 5 according to the website and the sticker on the door. They could care less about helping a sick 8 year old. We ended up taking him to Phoenix Children's hospital where they don't watch the clock. What a joke. I am going to tell everyone I know about this lack of care. Never again!!
5	Friendly, refreshing, and fast. They didn't act like I was bothering them and def understood that I needed urgent care.
1	Be wary of this place.  One of the doctors on staff was way too interested in sending my boyfriend to the hospital for a condition he has had before and knew he needed antibiotics for.  Instead the doctor on staff today told him he needed to be rushed in an ambulance to the hospital for a CAT scan as well as a barrage of other tests without even taking any blood from him.  As I said, we've been through this kind of pain before and knew what was needed, not scare tactics from a doctor who probably gets kick-backs for sending patients to the hospital he is contracted with.  Make sure you get a second opinion, especially if the doctor is trying to push to to go to the ER and you know better.
5	I've visited this place several times for basic colds and flus, and also visited them for 2 injuries. For the 5 or 6 times I have visited I've received spectacular service. If you've ever been to an ER or basic doc visit, you understand that waiting is not fun, and, the overall lack of communication and service. Arcadia Urgent Care processed me saw me quickly every time, and when there was a wait I knew where I stood from the excellent communication from the front office staff. The physician's and assistants are all friendly and very thorough! They all seem to be very qualified clinicians who cared about helping me! A couple of times I was shocked at how much time they took to explain to me what was going on with my xray, and also an issue I had with a neck pain. I felt at ease asking no stupid question and felt like they genuinely cared about answering me until I really understood. I found myself attending this place quite a bit more when I had to change to a ridiculously high deductible health plan, so it was actually cheaper for me to visit Arcadia Urgent Care than wasting my time with a primary care doc who would charge me their "discounted" rate. The flat fee made sense and I like knowing what I'm paying for. The location is outstanding and the hours are convenient.....easy to go in after work or on the weekend. I am sure I will be sick or injured again (sadly), and will definitely be back! Thank you for such excellent service and care.
4	I went here this morning with a persistent cough, fever, and congestion over the past two days. I got there right at opening time at 8am, as well as 3 other patients. We are promptly checked in and were taken back accordingly. The front desk girl, Meg was very friendly and helpful and assured me that my wait wouldn't be much longer when she realized I had been waiting for 45 minutes. When I was taken back, they got my vitals and symptoms, and alerted me that there was only one doctor there today and that they were running behind. The doctor flew in to check my lungs, ears, and throat, and ordered a chest x-ray. They were really trying to hurry along, but did not push my aside like they didn't have time for me. The doctor assured me that myc hest x-ray came back clear, but would double check with a radiologist.They released me with my meds, and told me to come back or call with any questionsor if my symptoms worsened. I was in and out in about 75 minutes, which isn't TOO bad considering they were extremely understaffed for a Friday morning. The docotr then called me back with the radiologist results about an hour later. Overall, very efficient and riendly staff. I was pleased!
4	A few weeks ago, I woke up with terrible pain in my neck and shoulder. Could barely turn my head and I was excruciating to lift a coffee cup. Figured I slept wrong - a day of taking it easy and a good night's sleep, and I'd be all better.  WRONG! It was worse the next day.I didn't want to go to an ER for a stiff neck - but too many of the "chain" urgent cares will not prescribe pain meds under any circumstances. And I don't have a primary care doctor. Around the time they opened, I read that Arcadia is owned and operated by emergency room doctors. While it's still a business, and still a for-profit business, this makes me a little more comfortable than a lot of the walk in clinics staffed with PA's or NP's that have their hands tied by the corporate office.I called Arcadia Urgent Care and was assured, if the doctor found it warranted, I would be given pain meds. I got a ride there (didn't feel safe driving - with the pain and not being able to turn my head and all...) and waited.  And waited. And waited. (Hence the missing 5th star.) With how apologetic the staff was for the wait time, I get the impression it's not the norm - but it was still part of my experience.I was finally called back by the doctor. She was wonderful. Great bedside manner and I felt safe in her hands. She gave me a diagnosis, a prescription for something stronger than Advil, a referral to an orthopedic specialist in case it wasn't better in a few days, and sent me on my way. in this case, that's *exactly* that I went in for. I knew I'd get either pain killers, muscle relaxers or anti-inflammatories (or a combo thereof), and that's what urgent care clinics should be there for. The non-life threatening issues that sometimes don't wait for regular appointments.Thank you, Arcadia Urgent Care - you fill a need in the community, and we're glad you're here!
1	I keep on meaning to review this place, but dint bother. Today after receiving great care at doctorsexpress was reminded of my terrible experience. My toddler had a fever and was tugging at her ear. We figured it was an ear infection and went to the urgent care since it was we were new in the city and waiting to be established with the pediatric clinic. The urgent care physician was unsure that it was only a ear infection since my toddler was skinny. He asked us to go to phoenix childrens er, which we did. Phoenix childrens assured me she had an ear infection, was not off the growth chart (just tall and lean) and antibiotics would take care of the ear infection. Never again.
1	Went in for care at 7:30 pm.  Their office hours are listed as open until 8pm.  My wife, who has been sick, was very dizzy and experiencing vertigo walked in at 7:30.  We barely a foot in the door when we were abruptly, and rudely, told that we were not going to be able to be seen.  There was no one else in the waiting room and we were just blown off.  I assume everyone there just wanted to go home and didn't care about us.  We went to Doctor's Express on Camelback instead and were seen.  Their hours are until 8 pm as well.  THis is the second time we have been treated this way at Arcadia urgent care, and will not be returning.  If you want to close at 7:30, put that as your operating hours.  Very disappointed!
4	Friendly and fast service.  I was a bit too injured for their services, but they took care of me until I left for the E.R.  All turned out well and I appreciated their care.
4	For having to go to urgent care the place was enjoyable as possible. Everyone was extremely friendly and nice from the receptionist, m.a. to the doctor. They were able to fill my script on the spot which is a huge benefit! Unrelated tho their services why in the world are people going to urgent care because of a cough, or congestion. Go see your d.o. to avoid exposure to those injured who need "urgent care".
1	The staff is friendly but the doctors are ridiculously cautious.  They refused to treat my daughter who fell playing tag on the playground and needed a few stitches for a laceration on the side of her head.  We then had to take her to the ER to get this simple problem taken care of, thus incurring two medical bills.  If you need meds for a cough or cold, this is your place.  If you need actual medical care, avoid this place and find a doctor who is willing to actually practice medicine.  Parents - this is not the place to take your kids.
4	I fear that writing this may give away how good this place is. By FAR the best urgent care I've been to. It's really clean, the staff is nice, and I've never been in there when it's been crowded. That is a HUGE plus. There's nothing worse then being sick, having to go to an urgent care, and then being shoulder to shoulder with sicklings coughing all over you and having to wait for an hour. The thought of that situation makes me shudder. My boyfriend and I have both been here several times and always had good experiences. We've only been for coughs and colds and flus and that sort of thing so I can't speak for much else but they were dealt well with those ailments.
