4	Oh my! I had these gorgeous fried pumkin things which really was a delicious taste sensation! And the Miso Soup was good! As was the chicken dumplings! The beef on a stick thing was a bit tasteless but everything else I tried was MMMMMM!!
4	I decided I was in desperate need of some sushi to keep me going at my nice wee shift at work on Saturday so I ended up here after passing it many times and being intrigued..... as I often am with anywhere that sells food, coffee, cake or something nice and tasty! The sushi selection here is great, I wanted to try a bit of everything but seeing as it was just me that would have been a bit extreme! The service was nice, attentive and not too serious. I liked that. I ended up deciding I would go for some spicy tuna maki, salmon nigiri and mixed vegetable tempura. This seemed like a reasonable amount of food to me..... and I was safe with this assumption until after I had devoured the sushi (which was delish, tuna had a really good kick and fish tasted better than most I have had). Then the tempura arrived. It was an actual mountain of tasty aubergine, carrot, sweet potato, yellow and red peppers. They were not holding back at all. ......... and you know what!? I ate every last piece, and I am PROUD. Needless to say I was utterly stuffed, but it was totally worth it. I would give this sushi bar another try although if I was on my own I would maybe give the bento box a try as it is a little pricey otherwise and the portions were just a bit too much!
2	- They played classic piano music by Daniel Barenboim which made the Asian experience incomplete!  - Dumplings were flash pan-fried with old oil..one can smell it.- Sushi rice was not nicely prepared. - Service was not friendly + any order that was ready was brought to the table regardless if we finished starters/soup or not. I dont know about sushi standards in Edinburgh because every time I walk down the street I see the place packed?! Maybe I ordered the wrong stuff.The only good thing was the wassabi coated nuts and the miso soup.
3	this was my 2nd visit to Yes Sushi although the 1st time I didn't eat there (long story involving a Bollinger tasting night  at another venue and a crab canape and a shellfish allergy) but managed to make it back this week for a wee try.Love sushi/sashimi  so a little lunch visit there this week didn't disappoint, a huge menu with plenty of options, I went for a tuna sushi platter, served with miso soup and my partner in crime, a bento box.All in all good quality, standard Japanese fare, nothing outstanding in terms of service/dishes but a decent place for a bite to eat. Would go back if in the area but probably have a couple of preferred joints ahead of this one - Sushiya & Hay Sushi both being closer to home and pretty hard to beat
3	My friend and I decided to visit this place at lunch time. It was my first time here so I was eager to sample some fresh Japanese food.I ordered the bento box as it had a little bit of everything: sashimi, tonkatsu pork, rice, salad. My friend went for a selection of sushi.As we waited for the food to arrive, the waitress brought over some wasabi nuts and the miso soup which was part of the order. The soup was absolutely delicious, there were some little blocks of tofu in it and it was just what I needed on a freezing cold winter's day!Then onto the bento box. It was all quite enjoyable. The sashimi was salmon and tuna, which were quite thick slices. Now it may just be me, but I would have preferred the sashimi in thinner slices. Tonkatsu pork was nice as well. All in all, good lunch place (or dinner) and decent food on offer. Polite service as well.
2	Really really wanted to give you a three star but couldn't bring myself to, but I will get to that. . I was pleasantly impressed with the food, it wasn't crazy good but still tasty. I went for the all you can eat sushi. I was sad the all you can eat menu wasn't as big as I hoped and I went for the cheap option ( they have to save some money or people like me would eat them out of home) but that was ok. The food was presented nicely which is huge for me. Sushi just tastes better when it's pretty. The prices were reasonable so I can't complain there. Ok the thing that got me and call me crazy , I felt segregated from the rest of the restaurant because I am not asian. Just throwing it out there not being racist or trying to offend anyone or anything. I just felt that way. When i walked into the establishment the people that were there were all Asian and sitting at various tables near the kitchen ( which is where I wanted to sit) but I was given a table  as far away as possible. I then noticed a few Asian couples come in and given tables near the kitchen and where all the action was. I though naw I'm being silly but then another non-asian couple came in and were given the table directly next to me and my girlfriend . There were plenty of tables near the kitchen and but they were placed as far away as possible as if both of us couples had the bubonic plague and we might start  spreading it and sending Edinburgh back into the Middle Ages . So that's why I couldn't give the third star.  ( My girlfriend felt the same way when I mentioned it to her after we left). If you want decent sushi though don't let this deter you it was good and I will be coming back, not just to see if I'm segregated again but to try the buffet again as well.
3	Ok I came back in just like I said I would and it was alot better. Got to choose my own seat as I was by myself I sat near the door. As the sun came out it got hot so I asked if I could move my seat. The waitress said ok and kindly helped me move my food and sake and such. The food is ok. Sushi seemed cheap , probably because its the buffet and they can't roll top food out for that or they loose a lot of money which I understand. Meso soup is one of the best I've had actually I give the soup a 4 star it's tasty. Also had a kimchee roll which was quite good actually. The spice mixed with the soy sauce was actually really good. So I had a much better experience today . I will be going back.
3	This review will take the form of a note to myself reminding me what to order if I find myself at Yes Sushi again:Agedashi tofu - disappointing. Don't get it again.Avocado maki - good.Miso soup - ok.Veggie gyozas - good enough (to eat again).In summary, a very hit-or-miss vegetarian selection. Service was fine. Atmosphere a bit fast-foody for my tastes. The search for my favorite Japanese restaurant in Edinburgh continues.
