1	This company is very dishonest.  Do not use them.  They lie and charge you with all kinds of stuff without your knowledge.  Generally, freight company are horrible, but there are ones better than this one.  Stay far away!
1	I am about done using this company - have been arguing over a bill for awhile. We got billed for materials that were NEVER delivered!The trucking company could never correct their computer and get the correct delivery address inputted correctly into their computer!As a result we asked for the load to be returned to our yard. So - now I have two bills - first bill is for the materials which were NOT delivered and then a bill for for the return trip to my yard with those materials.Globatranz has made NO effort to dispute the bill with the carrier. They lied and told me these things take time. Well, I looked at their correspondence with the trucking company and I find that they INVITED the carrier to send the second bill for the return trip TO MY YARD!Time means nothing without making an EFFORT I told Global trans. I told them I was very disappointed and want two credits and to forward my email to their boss. I have receive NO response from their representatives and no one answers their phones. I did receive a note in the mail and by email that I have not paid them in 45 days.I am very disappointed to find just how LAME they are at Globaltranz.To think - no delivery - and now, they are asking for double the quoted price!I could handle all of the small extra charges the mentions in his review - but I have a hard time with the other b.s. mentioned above. I'd much rather pay ten times the amount they charge than work with them again!Lame.Sorry - I hate to 'candy coat it',  but there you have it.
1	..............see a pattern here, it seems that all who post, say the same thing!!  Wake up GlobalTranz.If i could rate zero stars I would.  These guys are the classic bait and switch type trucking that your mama warned you about.  You can give them the weight, dims and commodity and they'll send you a bill for 2x-3x more and tell you that the class changed without explanation.  We had or quote in writing, so we send a copy with our payment honoring the quote, but not paying the 3X amount.  They had an attorney contact us and threaten to sue us over $1000..........can you imagine.  The founder and principle so i'm told is Mike Leto (mleto@globaltranz.com) but he's useless as he's the guy who profits from the unscrupulous work ethics.  Run away.  EFreight is much better on line internet broker for freight and they honor their quotes.
