5	I recently bought my brother's car from him. While the car itself is in great shape, he wasn't the best at keeping it clean. It was quite gross inside actually. The day I bought it I put my Blackberry in the cup holder for a few minutes and had to wiggle it out to get it unstuck and then scrub the phone to get the grime off. When I lifted up the drivers side floor mat there was like an inch of sunflower seeds underneath.I went to work with white dog hair on me one day (my dog is black).So I took it to Francis and Sons and had the works done to it. The ultimate car wash, interior completely shampooed, some sort of clay thing done to my paint, scratches buffed out, and a wax and clear coat paint sealant thing (and yes those are the technical terms ;-)Sales Person to me: Ok, that will be $320 (keep in mind I have an SUV)Me: Yeah I was really looking to only spend half.Sales Person: Ok, I can't quite do half, how about $175Me: Done!They did the work quickly, the car looked great, and better yet, it SMELLED great too! Very happy.
5	Fast and friendly service. A great job all around!!!Thanks Aaron !
3	A convenient location for me right of the 101, and quick service.  The prices seem reasonable but the few times I have been there I have noticed that there is typically some unfinished details on the wash.  Namely the glass does not come out too well.  They are friendly about fixing it up and correcting anything unfinished.  I will probably keep using them and update the stars should their service become a little tighter on the details.
4	I went back today and got the works done again. They do a good job and it's nice that I can get my car washed/detailed, gas tank filled and an oil change all in one place (and I even got a 10cent/gallon discount!)I definitely agree with Tony S. about the unfinished details. I had to re-wipe down the  plastic covering in the dash over the spedometer area behind the steering wheel. Also, I had a scuff in my pant that I asked to be buffed out. To mark it, the guy checking me in circled it with what appeared to be a white crayon, the same thing he wrote on my windows with. No big deal, they did the same thing last time I brought my car in. Well when I went to pick up my car, I could still see the circle that was made on my car. Upon closer inspection it didn't seem it just wasn't buffed out, it was scratched. I don't know how they missed it, I noticed it from 10 feet away. They were very nice and apologetic about it and got it out. They had to buff it about 6 times and put some sort of coating or sealant on it. It's gone now thankfully. But with as blatant and noticeable as it was from 10 ft away, I don't know how it was ever missed.And they really need to tone down the hardcore upsales. It's ridiculous. And it doesn't end when you leave. Its so hard core that 40 min after I left I was being called because they thought I should have my air filter and differential fluids changed - for an extra $60)
4	Fast. Friendly. Cheap. If you get the ultimate package you get a free basic car wash in a week. Just keep the receipt.
1	After recommending this car wash to everyone for years now, I am sorry to say that I was treated like crap by the heavyset girl at the register.  My wife & I brought both our cars for a wash & oil change.  When we tried to pay, we said that we will be paying some on one card & some on another card. The girl got mad & said we cant do that. I said, why not & she got very stern & rude and said we just dont split up bills, they wrote it up on one ticket & that is the way it is. I asked her why she is being so rude? She answered,That's the way I talk I cant slow it down for you any more than the way I talk. With the help of a manager we paid & will never return!
5	It was great! Nice people and they did my car very nice! I am for sure going here for now on!
1	Bought a detail was and wax the outside and clean the inside.  Picked up the car there we marks from the wax pen on the window.  I pointed out several places that were still dirty.  I hired them because I didn't want to spend a Saturday detailing the car.  Never again.  I will do that again.
5	Never been disappointed at this place. Everyone is super friendly and they do a great job for the price.
1	If there was a zero, I would have used it. They strong arm you so bad before you get the wash, that I just left.. The guy kept hammering at me to upgrade everything and  finally I said"how about I just turn around and leave?"  He didn't say anything so that's exactly what I did and have never returned since.
2	Always trying to up sell you and it's miserable to try and just get a car wash. They are fast and pretty good when it comes to actually washing your car, if you can ever get the sales guy to to stop talking. If you do want any of their details or specials,  haggle the heck out them. Their prices are ridiculous for oil changes so always insist on a reduced rate. They typically work with you. Every time I go in, I ask for a coupon. You usually save a dollar or two. All in all, decent car wash; they just need to take it easy on the strong arming and discover a different approach to up selling.
1	Took 10 mins to even talk to us because they were busy talking to their friends.  After waiting 30 mins, I went outside to see the car was still sitting there while a guy was talking on his phone.   After I asked about the car, he started to vacuum it.  Took another 35-40 mins to finish washing it.  Outside has unwashed/unwiped areas as well as red fibers all over from their towels.  Interior is about 50% wiped.  Needless to see, I won't ever come back!
1	I said basic wash but they but down viper and tried to over sell other services.  Not happy
5	Curtis and Junior finish off your car and are very courteous and detail oriented.  They surely both got a tip from me!  I will definitely be back to this location.
1	Bought a detail for my car seats. They told me that they would give me the car wash for free.  I am asuuming they did that because they hardly cleaned my car.  They said it would be done in 1/2 hour, 1 later finally done and not a good jobI will not return.
