2	Came here sunday to watch part of my game here. There was no volume . They were playing several games with music in the background. mY #1 pet peeve in the sports bar world. I'd rather stay home where I can watch it in my leather recliner with a cold beer at my disposal and turn the tv on as loud as I want. BUT my bf loves to go somewhere to watch the games - he says he likes to show me off. (i'm no trophy girl by any means but if he thinks so i'll let him and just say thank you) LOL. it just makes me giggle. Too funny. This place was no place who cares about anything. very much older crowd. DIVE bar to the nth degree. the bartender was very friendly. but the place smelled a lil funny upon wakling in. (its connected to a laundromat and I figured It would smell great - like Gain fabric softener. NOPE. It was smoky so much w/out as much ventilation as I'd like..so my eyes were burning. The beer was $2.50 for bottle. ( she didnt offer us draft so not sure how much that was but im guessing she didnt have that on draft so it was bottle by default. You can ck this place out but if you care about volume.. maybe another time.
3	Friendly staff and great price on mini pitchers but very smokey inside.Attached to a laundry mat with a decent size bar and a liquor store as well.So-so
4	The Stadium Saloon is exactly what any Dive bar aficionado is looking for, good cheap cold beer, pool table, good juke box, low light ambience, popcorn machine and to make it even better its a package liquor as well. If you need more then you should be avoiding dive bars and go back to the safety of PTs or Timbers.
2	Laundromat, liquor store and dive bar combo space with some cheap drink prices.  In New Orleans we have quite a few bar/laundromat locations and I would generally put those in the dive bar category but this place is far more divey than any of those joints.  The laundromat and bar are set up like separate businesses but are in the same building. The bar is actually nicer than the laundromat and the bar offers cheap drinks and friendly service with the main downside being the very smokey atmosphere.  I actually did laundry here and enjoyed the bar during and after getting my clothing clean but the smoke really detracts from everything.
