4	Went in on my continual search for a consistently good nail salon and had a great first time.  I had a full set of pink and whites and am very pleased.  I'm anxious to go back for a back fill and hope that this continues since the second and third appointments seem to be where it's all falling off for me lately.  Anyways back to business salon is nice and very clean.  I do wish employees were easier to understand but that's not a huge issue for me.  I look forward to going back and checking out the pedicures, they have a large amount of pedicure chairs, nail stations, and employees which was nice because even on a busy Friday afternoon I had no wait.  Those that came in behind I saw had a short wait but no one longer then a few minutes.  But even with all of that the current clients don't feel rushed.  And you don't feel like you're on the clock.  Salon is neat and comfortable which is a plus in this summer heat.
2	So I've been here three times before deciding to rate. First time, Jenny (owner I assume) did my full set and was very nice, and checked with me about thickness and amount of white tip I wanted. Was very attentive to detail and pleasing me.A different lady gave me a mediocre pedi. My feet still looked really dry after leaving. Second time, Jenny was very busy so I sat with Linda. Terrible. She burned the heck out of me taking layers and layers of acrylic off my nails making them almost completely flat. I kept having to pull away and she'd just "sorry" and continue on. She cut my cuticle on a few nails causing me to bleed.Third time, sadly it was a last minute thing, my hair salon is right around the corner and I was in a wedding and had to cram a polish change and fill in quickly. Jenny was NOT there :( and again, I was stuck with Linda. I was so hoping since she had drilled my nails down so thin prior that this time it would be a little easier. No such luck, burned and cut once again and ignored the 3 times I told her I wanted a design on just two of my nails. Not even my whole set. She did give me a decent pedi but I had to pay for one of the "upgraded" ones to get it.So after this last visit I was done, and went on a search again. Stopped at another salon last night.. in which I might have found "the one" :). Upon removing my old Estrella set fungus was found :|. Great.
2	I decided to give Estrella Nails a try because they are close to home and I get tired of driving 30 minutes for a mani/pedi. After being handed a menu I was asked to pick a pedi. I was treating a friend for her birthday and we both chose the regular pedi. The first red flag was when she asked me to point because she didn't understand what I said. She asked if I wanted them cut and all but the big toes. She proceeded to cut all of my toenails including the one big toe. I told her that I don't like my big toenails super short and she filed the next one leaving it longer. I had to point out that is was too late and that she should cut it to match the other foot. The massage portion was laughable. I mean I literally laughed because she was barely touching me. It was weird as if she was afraid. She polished my toenails one full coat before deciding to thin it out because if was obviously old and thick. By the second coat it was too late because the clumps from the first were dry.  I decided to skip the mani because I can hide my feet this time of year but my hand I cannot. The search will have to continue for a decent place near my home for those days I don't feel like hitting the highway for a seemingly simple pedi.
1	HORRIBLE.... Horrible... Horrible.... Jenni did my nails... At first she was great... Then sat me to get a pedi in the middle of my mani... In order to help her "regulars" (3 of them) while coming to the pedi chair every so often to say, one more minute... And in process of pedi-she's doing my nails.. Quickly and unprofessionally. My nails are already chipping off-after not even a full night... And they're dented.. And uneven. She didn't file them properly cause they all slant. I'm so upset I'm ready to paint over them already. They're horrible. Worse manicure I've ever had... EVER. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE UNLESS YOU'RE A "REGULAR" already...
1	Before coming to this salon I had driven to two nail salons on litchfield and indian school.. they were packed so I left and drove to dysart and found this one.. Of course there would be no wait.. I got my toes done.. The lady who did them cut my cuticles so bad and rough to the point where it stung my toes.. this is the first time this has ever happened to me when considering all my pedis ive gotten at other places. When they tried to put on my shoes.. my big toe smeared. I didn't realize till I left.  Not only did my pedi suck and look ugly. I am honestly afraid I would get some sort of fungus after reading the reviews below. They did not use liners nor did the spa I sat on look clean. The ambiance of this place was blehh compared to many other nail salons.Never coming back.
1	So I used to love this place but had a bad experience this morning. I went in yesterday evening for a fill with gel done wonderfully by Jenny. Literally last night a nail broke off so I came in first thing this morning to have that fixed. Not even a full 24hours. Quinn fixed the nail because Jenny was not in yet. Then all was fixed and proceeded to tip and then she said its $4! Literally I was just in and you're gonna charge me $4?!!!!!! I can afford $4 but it's the damn principle. I worded, $4 for a one day repair?! And then by this time Jenny was there and explained if she had done it it wouldn't have been $4. I didn't even have the option of you fixing it!!!!!! This is definitely my last visit here. I'm sure I can find a place with better quality, prices that won't rip me off.
1	My wife stopped in there today to get a backfill asked for a backfill received a fill   They charged her $32 fill-in are only $ 15 and the nails look like crap. Will not go back. Plenty of other places to try.
4	I'm a summer time regular and have gotten two guys lately because Jenny is always busy. I think they do a great job so don't be worried if you get a pedi by a male.
1	I've posted before about this place since they have the pedi chairs for little kids this is where I would always take My princess Mia.... Until yesterday.... I will NEVER... Let me repeat that.. NEVER set foot in this establishment again. My mom and my princess went yesterday and were treated horrible and so rude. At one point my mom asked why 2 other clients where getting their pedis done first if she told them she had to leave at a certain time... Their response? They took her feet out of the spa tub dried them and put her shoes back on, even though they had already taken her polish off and told her to come back tomorrow if she couldn't wait.   Really?!  My mom told them do my pedi now or I'm not paying for anything!  Lol  good for her!!!  They said, you can't do that! So my mom told them, try me! My princess got mad and told them my grandma isn't paying one dollar until you finish her pedi. They are so lucky I wasn't there!!!  Unbelievable!!  What horrible service and incredibly rude staff!!!   NEVER again will I spend one penny at this place and I hope when I'm done going on YELP, IG, GOOGLE and TWITTER a lot of my friends won't either...
4	I've been going to Estrella  Nails for over a year now and am very happy with the services provided. I have had acrylic nails for twenty some years so have been to many salons, ranging from excellent and mediocre to ones I would never return to. Jennie at Estrella Nails does excellent, quality work. I do pink and white and never have any trouble with lifting or breaking in between visits. She is careful, gentle, and conscientious to detail. She listened to how I prefer my nails to look - amount of white on tips, length, and shape from the first appt and has been consistent with making them look beautiful ever since without my ever needing to say anything. Jennie is in demand,, so often busy, but well worth the wait in my opinion. I have no preference for who does my pedicures, but I've only had one time out of many apps that I wasn't terribly pleased because of roughness, but that person is gone now and I have pedis about every two weeks, so that's a lot of consistently good pedicures. I highly recommend this nail salon, especially Jennie.
