1	Nope, I've lost my trust in these people, and they've lost my business.
5	This place is great! Jason is my go to Guy! He has taken care of m each time I have had to bring my car in and is nice as can be. There is a location less than two miles from my house but I would rather make the 20 min drive just to come here. They don't try to tell me that I need this or that ( I'm a girl so automatically car guys think they can swindle me) and thy don't pressure you into any sales. Not to mention that they price math and I got my tires and car aligned for way cheaper than any other place I could have gone!
5	I can't tell you how much I appreciate this business. The owner and staff are extremely helpful, they are pleasant and down-to-earth, they know their trade well, and I have never felt pressured to do something that I didn't need to.I regularly visit them for my auto maintenance from oil changes to more heavy stuff. I had the stupid idea to visit a dealership to get my services done and felt completely ripped off. After visiting the C&R the next day, they went through leaps and bounds to make sure my car was road-ready...far better than a certain Toyota dealership near Mesa Riverview.I can't recommend them enough. Great prices, honest staff, and the willingness to go the extra mile makes me a happy customer.
4	Great place, great service.  Needed radiator replaced and they got the vehicle in right away and beat the prices we got calling around every where else in the area.  Didn't try to sell us on a lot of other services or repairs.  Very friendly and trustworthy.
1	Under new management and I would steer clear.  We had been coming here faithfully for 6 years and the previous owners were trustworthy, fair and customer-service focused.  How things have changed and for the worse.  Our nephew needed to repair his muffler to pass emissions and I called explaining that we were loyal customers and asked if they could repair or refer us to a fair, reliable service who would not rip him off  Angela told us to bring it in and they would take a look.  They put it on the lift and the manager, Jeff, said they could do the work but needed to wait until the parts place opened to provide an estimate.  Over an hour later we had not heard back so we stopped by to find that the car was taken off property to a parts warehouse.  When questioned why Jeff said he wanted to make sure the pipe was the correct fit.  We were then told it would cost $289 to replace the pipe.  We demanded the car be returned immediately as we felt they were not acting ethically.  They attempted to make excuses, non of which were valid to us.  We left as soon as the car returned and drove it to Performance Muffler where my nephew was charged $50 for the repair.  And my nephew passed inspection.  You decide whether you would trust these guys with any repair...
4	Well I really like this place.  Here's my thinking.  1) The labor rates/cost Does seem fairly high (hence the reduction of one star).  I mean that's one of the reasons I don't always go to the dealer.  But on the other hand, often when you end up at some cut-rate place, you "get what you pay for," so that said.  But also note, the 10% Discount you can get for having Triple A applies only to the labor total.  2) Otherwise, in general, I like how they do business, and the repairs they make, period.  So far I've been helped by both Richard and Jeff (and one other I can't remember), and both have taken the time to go over everything in detail, even with lines backed up, and even with me slightly sick and asking repeatedly, what? what?  They have flat out said, no, that's fine and doesn't need to be done.  While they have taken time when I said I had time to fully diagnose, which is what I wanted, after I gave the go ahead, my car was repaired in less than 24 hours for Numerous repairs.  And the biggest thing lately -  I brought in a newly purchased used car which had been diagnosed during a pre-purchase inspection at a Triple A as, well, we're not Sure what that "thunk" is, but you could start by trying this service, then this, and see if it fixes it.    Ummm -  So C&R took it, checked it out, and said - no, it's this, definitively.  And fixed it, and it's actually gone.  No questioning or wiffle waffling, just black and white and then a good repair.  So for all but the easiest things that I can "get a guy" to do to save on that labor, I will be a return customer here for good.  That lifetime warranty helps too.
1	I am unfortunately going to have to agree with the precious reviewers who gave C&R bad reviews. My dad had a pickup truck that the battery kept going bad. We were told by C&R that it must be some electrical short somewhere in the system. Later in the day, we get a phone call, all is fixed. Yay! $350 later, but no more battery problems. The next morning, same thing, dead battery. Bad to C&R...."oh, we will definitely find out the problem." Same story, that afternoon....$200 later. It is fixed this time, they said! Guess what, next morning, the same thing. My dad was so frustrated that we jump started the battery and drove straight to the dealer to trade it in for a new truck. When the dealer looked over his old truck, they asked us why we were looking to buy new. We told him, and they said they found receipts in the glove box for ANOTHER auto repair shop, not C&R for "repairs" to the electrical system. We wonder how much work C&R is actually farming out to other places?
5	Today after a tire went out on my work van I was forced to once again be at the mercy of another predatory tire shop, or so I thought.Mike greeted us and promptly went to work, when given the price for two new tires, of the proper spec, I couldn't believe that the two together were less than the price of just one of the two back tires recently bought at discount tire.  I looked at the invoice in the door box just to confirm.  Not only that but without me even asking they moved my commercial vehicle to the front of the line, a very nice touch, since I had mentioned I was now late for a job and had a mad customer.Long story short, I will return even though they are far from me personally because they actually as of now deserve my fleet business.Good job mike, and if your boss doesn't give you a well deserved raise than I will hire you anytime I have an opening!
1	If I could give 0 stars I would. I came into c&r tire on May 24, 2014 and replaced all 4 tires. I was never offered a warranty and the tire was damaged within 7 days and under 400 miles. The owner, Ralph, was extremely rude to me and actually expected me to pay for a new tire!! He claims I declined the road hazard warranty when it was never offered. I have been a discount tire customer for years and thought it was strange no warranty was offered at c&r. I know that they have an all new staff as the 79.91 cash(of the 429.91) I paid was never received(stolen by employee) and I was given a call within a few days asking me to come pay this amount again. Employees are thieves and apparently it is a learned trait from their owner. I am a business owner and I stand behind my product for at least 2 weeks!! I will never do business with c&r tire again and bad word of mouth passes so much faster than good word of mouth.
1	Ended up having to have all of the work re-done at a Nissan dealership about 4 months later.  It was several hundred dollars on a duplicate repair to have it done right.  Bummer.
