5	Very professional, courteous, knowledgeable, and they did everything to make sure we were happy! Prices were extremely reasonable and selection was good. Highly recommended!I got the information about Jerry's Tux Shop from the Bridal Show and my fiancee and I stopped in about 20 minutes before the closed. My fiancee tried on a couple of tuxes before he settled on one, but they didn't try to rush us out the door and I was impressed with that. A few days later, my fiancee decided he didn't like what he picked out, and 3 days before the wedding, he went back in and there were no issues with changing the selection. One of the men in our wedding party was living out of state, and he faxed his measurements over to Jerry's Tux, no problem at all.Mando assisted us every time we were in there and he was WONDERFUL. Very friendly, patient and so helpful. I would definitely recommend Jerry's Tux and if there's another occasion where we need tuxes, we WILL return!
5	From the time I walked in to the time I left,  Armando and his staff were excellent in helping me find a tux and accessories. On top of tuxedo rental, they sell used tuxedos and accessories at a fantastic price. I purchased an amazing coat and pants, with minor tailoring, at an unbelievable price of  $50.
5	These folks did us right. We wanted suits, not tuxes for our wedding and Jerry's had a black and a gray option. We went with gray. The suits were in excellent condition, perfectly pressed, and looked as though they were new (I've had rentals in the past that  have had buttons fall off, etc.). What the real clincher is for these folks, is the service. I like my stuff to fit. I wanted the other gents' suits to fit (and not be the super-baggy, mal-fitting ridiculousness that seems almost standard at weddings). I told Mando that I wanted him to make sure that, regardless of what they said they wanted, they would end up with suits that fit. That's what we got. The guys all looked smooth, including those with...tough-to-fit bodies. I appreciate their efforts and their professionalism. I trust these folks and would use them again and recommend them in a second. In fact, we chose them after the first meeting even though they were probably the furthest shop from my house. Plus, their prices were reasonable and they worked with us. Cheers to Jerry's!
4	go see MANDO!he's very good & fast with the fittings &  he did everything with a smile.  i highly recommend you go here if you need a tuxedo for any occassion.
5	I wrote a review yesterday but I don't see it so I will try again! Armando at Jerry's Tux Shop did an amazing job. He went above and beyond to make sure my clients entire group was happy. He communicated with me on a regular basis to keep me updated and informed. I can't thank him enough for all the hard work he did, he made the tux experience perfect for the wedding! Highly recommend!
5	Rented a tuxedo for the MMA awards. They were Friday, and I went in on Monday, it was no problem at all, and they were extremely friendly and helpful. The workers remembered me, and asked how the awards were, and told me that they keep measurements, in case I need future rentals. Excellent quality stuff, even last minute, and they've got tons of options! They are excellent.
5	My husband is not a "shopper" and Armando made the experience as painless as possible with his lighthearted demeanor.  I found Jerry's Tux shop on yelp and was happy it was close to home. My husband needed a tuxedo for an upcoming cruise and the store manager Armando was very helpful. We did not feel pressured or rushed, only waited a few minutes and left with a full tuxedo including shoes for far less than if we went to a men's department store.
5	This place was amazing. The assisted my fiancee and our son with a last minute walk-in fitting. They didn't make us feel out of place or unwelcome (which can be commonplace with a same sex wedding.) They walked out with the perfect suits, and we will definitely be back. Thanks everyone!!!
5	We rented a suit from this location for our wedding. No appointment needed. We walked right in and were greeted by Mondo. He was amazing. Great customer service skills and her took excellent care of us. I would recommend this rental shop to my closest friends and family. Thank you for helping make our day beautiful. My husband looked amazing!
5	Fantastic shop. Mondo had me looking great in about 20 minutes.I went here instead of the men's warehouse because of the reviews and it was a very good decision. Some of the best service we had in Vegas.
5	In about an hour, even with a full store during Prom season, I had a completely filled out tuxedo form, a tuxedo that fit with proper shoes, vest, jacket and accessories. I finished trying on all of my clothes and found out that I needed a jacket button moved. Their in-house tailor took care of it while I was changing back into my regular clothes. I didn't have to come back the next day to pick everything up.Armando is friendly and knowledgeable about the tuxedo rental business. He helped my brother and I pick everything out. I received many compliments about the tuxedo at the events I visited and some were from total strangers. It was an experience that I won't soon forget.If I ever need to rent another tuxedo or buy one, I will not hesitate going back to Jerry's Tux Shop. The owner is very nice and I had never felt more like a VIP customer than at this local Las Vegas business. They mentioned that they help people with tuxedos in their hotel rooms and won't charge them an arm and a leg to do so.
5	We came in on a busy afternoon during prom season and had a wonderful experience!  My son has a very hard to fit body (tall and extremely slender) and Mondo and Jerry took great care of him.I highly recommend anyone looking for a tux to go to Jerry's.  They'll take wonderful care of you and won't charge you an arm and a leg.Thanks, guys!!
5	If you need a Tux, this is the place to get it!!  My son got married in San Francisco last month and my husband needed at Tux. The prices here are the best. We needed to take the tux to Ca. and we're going to be gone a week. No problem!! No extra charge!!  Then on the way back I got the flu and brought it back even later!!  Armando was so nice about it. No late charge. We paid just over $100 for about 8 days. The groomsmen went to the The Men's Warehouse and paid over 200$ for 48 hours. We will never go anywhere else!!!  Thanks Armando.
5	Very nice people. Dorothy and the staff there were a great help. I went to 2 other tuxedo rental shops prior to Jerry's and they didn't have wide selection like Jerry's, they actually had a few couple different ones I liked. They made it very easy for my grooms men to get fitted and the price was great. They did a deal if we rent 4 tuxedos the 5th one is free, which was great for me because I got the free one. Next time I rent a tux I am going to Jerry's.
5	They are amazing.  I am the biggest pain in the neck customer and I tried on everything.   Armando was so patient I would have killed me if I was him.  He kept his calm and got me into the perfect Tux!  Great Job!
4	On a Wednesday afternoon around 330 pm we arrive, my boyfriend and I, the store was busy with about 3 other customer groups. The waiting area and show room had a great tv while you waiting. Armondo helped right away and got us ready to try some suits on!! They had a great selection and tips on what would look appropriate for a weeding. We were there for just over an hour, a little longer then intended but it was busy due to homecoming season haha a tip would be to arrive before  2pm to avoid kids  and this was a bit pricey since shoes are separate hope you have your own!!
1	Ruined the wedding!My husband was a groomsmen and picked up all the tuxes 2 days before the wedding.  We get to the wedding and my Husband's tux is the WRONG color!My husband MISSED all the pictures and had to hightail it all the way across town to get the correct tux, it was the right color, but not washed, not tailored to him at all and he looked like a bum.We asked to be refunded and he offered a $15 dollar gift card to Fills.He almost missed the reception and missed all the pictures not to mention giving the bride and groom heart attacks.
1	Very poor customer service ..... The staff is too concerned about selling you a tux and have no ability to listen to the customer.....very disappointed... Asked about rental tux and the sales person sales was completely inept.....
