3	I had an interesting experience here.I went to buy a suit.  Luckily, BCFW had a red tag sale going on and I found an awesome Charcoal Kenneth Cole two piece.  I was in a good mood because I figured, "Heck, I'll land that job with this, no problem."As I was leaving the dressing room, a guy from the suit section and from the Big and Tall section were having an epic battle of words about 4 feet away from me.  I was rather interested, so I stood there and observed.  I couldn't hear what it was about but the suit guy said "shut up you #####" and the big guy said "don't walk away ####."Now, I'm a 25 year old dude, so I used language like this alot, but never in a setting like this.  Luckily, there were no kids around but I'm pretty sure thats the kinda thing parents would want to avoid.I have returned a few times after this incident and the suit guy remains an employee there while the big guy has moved on.
4	love this place. You can always find a great deal, but the shoes section is out of order on most days. but the deals are worth it. Check often as new merchandise is brought in often
1	I have always been a fan of Burlington's deals, however I will not be shopping at this one again. I went to return a belt... pretty simple. Instead, I stood in the customer service line for 15 minutes thanks to an employee of Burlington buying/putting things on layaway. It took three other staff to help her out. There were no words said to me except "Hold on". I was pissed. When the lady was finally done, the employee at the service asked "what do you want?" Serious help is needed there! If you work in the area of "customer service" I think you should have some.
4	Ooooo Boy! Had a lot of fun shopping here this past weekend.  People have no clue that Burlington has more than coats.  But that's A-OK cuz that leaves more for me! :D Lots & lots of things to pick thru.  Yummy accessories (shoes, sunnies and jewelry)! The only disappointment was the undergarments.  Ugh, they were a mess.  The bras were all out of order and not enough bras in my size *sad face*.  However, if you're a 40D, have at it!lol
4	About 2 months ago my fiance and I went in to purchase a blazer and we couldn't have had a better experience. I can't remember his name, but a skinny Indian guy helped us find the perfect jacket for my fiance. He took his time to measure Ty, give us suggestions and help look for sizes. He was super busy putting clothes away, arranging racks and doing his other duties but set aside a good chunk of time to make it a good shopping experience because we had no idea what size/length we'd need. Thank you!
2	I went to Burlington to look for school uniforms for my 3 grandchildren, well couldn't find anything so I asked the cashier what time they closed so i could go into az mills mall to look at other stores and she said at 9:30 p.m well it was a Sunday and I found out they closed at 6:30, that wrong info got us locked out  the store from Az mills mall entrance and I had parked in front of burlington coat factory parking lot, wow I was upset because me and my 4 grandchildren had to walk around the mall to get to our car, and that could of been avoided if that cashier from Burlington would have gave me the correct info.
4	I always enjoy looking at all the baby stuff for my grandbabies here.  The prices are good and the clerks are helpful when you can find one.  And their restroom was clean.
1	I came here for baby clothes. They have a good selection of brands: carters, gerber, gymboree, puma, Jordan, and so on. Lots of shoes. BUT everything was so ridiculously unorganized. The sizes were all mixed up not to mention the styles. Boy's and girls' clothes are kept separate but don't expect much more than that. I found a few cute things in the disarray and got them for a good price. My poor review is highly influenced by their bathroom situation, good god. Firstly it's super dirty in there & smells like tu sabes que. They put a giant open trash can right under the changing table- gross. Speaking of the changing table, it's about to fall of the hinges. How can an establishment with a self proclaimed "baby depot" have a death trap like that? I had to prop the table with my knee idk it was a mess. If you come here with your babe, change him somewhere else. Mess mess mess.
4	I usually go here to buy my clothes and its been good because I find brand names with my sizes here. They are mostly reasonable prices too compared to the retail price so that in all leaves me satisfied. I had to actually make a return just because I didn't like the clothes I bought and I wish I got her name because the person who helped me she was really nice and her customer service was really good, just made me like shopping here even more.
3	This store is hugh.  They have a wide variety of things from clothes to footwear to home decor to suit cases and more.I found a Delsey suitcase for less than half the cost of other retail stores.  That to me is a good deal!The team seems to do a good job of keeping the store fairly neat and organized unlike other discount type stores.  Kudos on this.They are located at the Arizona Mills Mall and easy to get to.
4	Huge store, it's basically like one mega Ross. The merchandise is pretty much the same but there is more of it to choose from, and the prices are pretty similar. If I am looking for something that Ross doesn't have, I usually trek over here to find it. Watch out for those pushy sales people on the way though!This place is great for looking for gifts at this time of year especially. They have a huge assortment of slippers, purses, perfume, jewelry, toys, fragrances, coats, housewares, baby items, clothes, packaged food, and smaller item furniture. You can find some really good deals on expensive coats for way less. I seem to never be able to leave without buying junk food, or jewelry. Oh, and let's not forget the huge selection of shoes!
