5	I'm in beautiful Ashland, OR as I write this review.  I had to take a moment to review Tea Time as it has enhanced my vacation.  Only hours before leaving Arizona for a week, I flew by Tea Time to pick up some fresh Mango Green Tea and a gorgeous new glass bottle for brewing.  Each morning, I've started my day by scooping beautiful tea leaves into the artistic container, pouring water over and letting it steep.  As I watch the fog lift over the valley, I take time to savor the delicious brew.  This darling shop specializes in phenomenal, fresh, natural teas and will not disappoint if you're a tea  afficiando in the Scottsdale area.  What I'm particularly excited about is their commitment to local products and supporting our community.  Not only can you stock up on the teas you crave, you can also purchase local honeys and soon local olive oils!  I would also highly recommend you look into their tea tasting classes.  Just recently, a local chef educated attendees on pairing green and black teas with gorgeous pastries.  Highly recommend you take the time to stop by, relax and enjoy the aroma from the moment you walk in.
4	I'm not a huge tea person, although I try to be. The caffeine fiend in my needs some sort of boost, but typically it results in Diet Coke or coffee, but I occasionally also go the tea route. So while on a walk to lunch the other day, I stopped into Tea Time and now I'm a much bigger fan of tea! This place is as fresh as it sounds. Fresh loose tea lines the walls and they have every different kind imaginable. The tea smelled delectable and could almost be used as potpourri. They also carry several local products such as local honey, local olive oils and local chocolate. Way to support living and loving local, Tea Time!I originally stopped in while looking for a Mother's Day gift for my tea-loving Mom. They had great and reasonably priced options, such as an individual loose leaf tea maker that separates the tea from the loose leaves as you pour it out. They had a variety of tea cups and other tid bits that are useful for the tea drinker. In addition, they had some tea lying around to sample while I browsed. The entire store was fresh and airy, just like the tea! I think this is a perfect store for tea drinkers and those on the hunt for a unique gift for tea-drinkers. They also offer classes for those who know a lot about tea and those who don't know anything! I think that it would be a great touch if they added a sitting area and offered a place for visitors to sit down and enjoy tea and possibly even host "high tea" or "tea hour" for those who wanted to get together and have a pot of tea during the day. Maybe they could partner with 5th and Wine next door! Other than that, Tea Time is a great addition to the Valley!
5	I can't get enough of tea, ask anyone...iced being my favorite and chamomile at night.   You can't go wrong here, there are so many different kinds of teas that everyone will be pleased.  Try the mango, hibiscus and chamomile blends...you will be glad you did!
5	Tea Time has a wide variety of unique, fresh teas and is a great place to taste something new. You can get both takeaway cups to drink immediately and bags of loose tea for home. The loose teas are sold in 100g increments and the prices are comparable to online retailers, like Republic of Tea. For takeout teas, be sure to get a punch card, which is good for one free tea for every four teas purchased.Unlike the online stores and many other tea shops, Tea Time has some unique and local creations. The Phoenix Black tea has a rich and pleasant combination of honey pollen, caramel, and other flavors. The Mango Flip herbal tea is a sweet and tart blend of several fruits. In addition, you can create your own custom combination of two or more teas - for example Blood Orange and Chocolate Rooibos. These are just a few examples of the creativity that Tea Time brings to its craft. This is what really separates it from other tea shops.The staff members know the teas well and are very willing to let visitors see and smell the teas. They gladly assist customers with choosing teas to match their tastes.The one thing missing from Tea Time is a place to sit, relax and enjoy a few cups of tea. The shop is relatively small and has no seating, so it isn't the type of place where customers can stay and enjoy their tea.I can see myself visiting Tea Time the next time I need to stock up on new loose teas for home. Its unique creations and wide selection will keep me coming back.
5	I'm a recent tea convert coming over from the coffee dark side. I found this place on Groupon and I'm so glad I did. I came in, not sure what to expect and I left with not only 10 bags of amazing tea, but a huge retail-crush on Tea Time!The employee, Rachel, was so knowledgeable and enthusiastic. When discussing different teas and blends, she would get so excited and you could tell she truly has a passion for what she does! I even thought she owned the place given how much she loved it all.She assisted me in finding the kinds I knew I liked- coconut black tea, Chinese green, black chai... and even suggested some kinds I had never considered like roasted mate and vanilla rooibos. They also had a nice selection of local treats like nuts, granola, olive oils, honey and jams. I picked up a bag of big, beautiful Arizona grown Pecans. Also, there's a decent selection of tea steeping accessories and teapots. If you're a tea enthusiast or even just a beginner... check out Tea Time. They clearly have something for everyone!
2	I will start by saying:   I'm no tea connoisseur.  I stopped at Tea Time to purchase a gift for a friend.  The shop boasts a wide variety of teas and, without being well-versed in the product; I'd guess that it's pretty high quality stuff. My issues aren't with the tea.  My friend informed me that he absolutely loves what I selected and everything tastes delicious.Perhaps my expectations were unrealistic.  I fancied a warm and cozy tea shop with friendly staff that would help me select teas and maybe even give me a sip or two of what the store has to offer. That's not what materialized. As the only customer in the shop at the time, I had to wait until the two sales ladies finished their non-work related conversation to get noticed. One completely ignored me during my entire visit. She was too busy flipping her hair and stomping around in her stilettos to give as much as a smile. The sales lady who finally assisted me was nice enough. She seemed to know a little about tea but I had to guide the entire interaction. I was hoping that a shop that sells nothing but tea could offer some guidance, a starting point, something!After asking to sniff a few teas, I finally selected a few for purchase. I was asked if I wanted gift wrap and I agreed since I'd already informed her that I was purchasing the tea for someone else. In my mind, I'm thinking that's awfully nice of her. What she neglected to mention is that they charge for their gift box and tissue paper. I didn't notice this until I looked at the receipt after leaving the store. I could have gone to Walgreen's and got a nice gift bag for less money. At the end of the day, I'm happy my friend loves his tea. However, I find Tea Time cold and unwelcoming, not at all the friendly and cozy tea spot I'd hoped for.  Bottom line:  NOT my cup of tea!
5	Great shop for tea lovers. The really nice guy working was very patient while we smelled about 10 different teas. He explained what was in each one and even started recommending some once he realized what we liked. They had some ice tea out to sample as well. Reasonably priced for loose tea, especially after the sticker shock I received a few weeks ago at another similar store. This will now be my go-to place for tea. We bought two different teas and I can't wait to make them!
4	This shop is on the Downtown trolley route, so I stopped in when I was schlepping around Scottsdale on the trolley.  The guy behind the counter was very nice, and brought out several teas based on what I said I liked.  I ultimately picked out the Organic Ginger Orange Peach tea, and bought 2 tea tins.  The tins were, ahem, used...the counter guy seemed genuinely unaware, but I just washed them out at home...so not a big deal.Many, many teas...I might have to go back (which is a long way from where I am in Surprise) to buy different teas!  I thought the place was clean, well-lit, and well-stocked in different kinds/flavors.
5	It is a really convenient location in Scottsdale for all your tea needs.  They have a great selection and very knowledgeable staff.
5	Pina Colada Tea. Need I say more!! Seriously though, really great selection of unique teas. Great service. They send email specials periodically and they have your order ready for you to pick up quickly or you can have it mailed. I like going in to the store though. It is bright and well organized and clean. Prices are really reasonable compared to some of the competitors.
5	This is my absolute favorite place to come for all my tea needs.  I work in the neighborhood and take advantage of their tea to go almost daily- I've tried nearly all of their teas (no small feat; the selection is HUGE) and have not been disappointed once!  The employees are always pleasant and helpful, not only to me as a regular, but to everyone I've ever observed in the store as well.  The pricing is reasonable for the quality of tea they sell and the employees are not at all pushy like some other tea retailers I have shopped in previously.  On top of that, it seems like they have specials running pretty frequently and offer discounts!  Thanks Tea Time, you guys are awesome! :)
5	We spent a nice morning learning and sampling tea. The young lady behind the corner was very knowledgable and friendly. There were various "tea toys" for the tea enthusiast.
4	"Close to water, tea is the healthiest drink on earth." totally agree. They have a lot of variety selections of tea. I had a Milk Oolong, add a little honey and it tasted perfectly. Since they brew it there and then so have to wait a little but totally worth it especially on a cold rainy day. The staff was very friendly, answer every question you ask.  Would definitely go back if in the area.
5	It was a bit of a challenge for this out of Towner to find this place but I am glad I did. I brought home about 4 different teas for my husband to brew for us before bed. Each one has been fantastic. The girl who helped me was a true delight and I apologize for forgetting her name. She was very patient and helpful. They also have a free check in offer for a tea and I chose an iced Tea that was wonderful on this semi hot afternoon. You get this with purchase and believe me there is enough of a selection as well as tea pots and mugs to look around. Well worth a visit to old town Scottsdale and I know if I were local we would all know each other by name!
3	2.5 stars.I was on my way back to my car when I spotted Tea Time across the street, so I went in to check things out.  Colorful and dainty porcelain tea sets, Flagstaff honey jars, and other tea-making and tea-drinking accessories mingle on wall shelves and stands on the main floor, while filing drawers, reminiscent of old laboratories and classrooms, containing tea cuttings line the wall behind the cashier's counter.  Sharon, the rep working tonight, was personable enough and let me know she would be happy to let me take a whiff of whatever tea variety I fancied.  I was able to sniff a few-- Coconut black (with visible toasted coconut flakes mixed in), Ginger coconut green Rooibos, Coconut macaroon (with herbs and other additional ingredients that Sharon did not have the info to share with me), and even Stevia leaf cuttings, before settling on the Ginger coconut, seeing as it was caffeine-free.  (Otherwise, I'd have gone for the caffeinated Coconut black.)  But before I settled with that choice, I did get to sample a Ginger-berry blend tea from a cute clear honey pot dispenser across the counter along one of the walls, which I found to taste similar to a Juicy Fruit gum that has lost most of its sweet flavor.  When I finally was able to taste a few sips from the 22 oz. iced Rooibos ($3.50) as I was walking towards my car, I was disappointed to find that it tasted just like the Ginger berry...I noticed signs on all three two-top garden table and chairs sets lining the center of the store where customers could sit and have tea advertising Easter Saturday High Tea reservations available ($15 per person/$50 for a table of four), with the first five parties who do reserve will receive a gift from the store as a token of appreciation for attending.  This sounded interesting- I was thinking of taking my cousin, but Sharon didn't know who the caterers were for the event, so I stopped considering the possibility.While I like the idea of the store and its offerings (local honey, tea sets and pots made in England and Japan, rather than China), I'd rather patronize tea shops and online merchants that offer hand-rolled loose tea leaves that look like whole leaves curled into pearls and other definitive shapes, rather than almost-powder cuttings.  I would like to return and try another variety before shrugging off Tea Time for good- I wanted to give this review two stars, but it seemed a bit harsh.  Perhaps I just chose the wrong tea to try tonight.  I hope my next visit will yield more info, and better tastings.Congrats to Tea Time for reaching its five-year anniversary.  May you have another five!
5	We went in tonight on a coupon we purchased for a special they were running to learning about the cultures, different varieties of teas and actual tea tasting.I was tried after a long day of work, and thought boring, but wanted to keep mama happy, so I attended the outing.  To my surprise, I had a great time a learned a lot. I really enjoyed our host who was very knowledgeable and put up with us joking around and having fun.  We tried 6-7 different teas that she hand picked for use based on what we like as we deviated a little from the agenda. :-)My favorite tea next the Chamomile was the Oolong Tea which tasted so yummy.Definitely a treat to learn the difference between the Chamomile that comes in a tea bag and to actually see the flowers used in the shop to make the tea.if you see the special for the one on one learning/tasting grab it while you can and have a great night out with a friend or family, you will not be disappointed.Jim Kreisman
4	It always strikes me as an oddity that for a city as big as Phoenix, we really don't have that many tea shops. It's almost like being a nudist wanting to participate in Halloween don't you think? Aside from my usual jaunts to the bay area or my ever so loving friends shipping me the good stuff, Tea Time and Teavana are the two shops I have found here because I don't count the Chinese herbologist as one.Sometimes you forget this shop is here nestled in Old Town. Perhaps it is tucked away simply because only those who have appreciation for tea would venture the side streets to find it. I love the little card catalog system because I am a geek. It's orderly, beautiful, neat and evokes curiosity to open drawers. They have really lovely pieces for purchase, colorful and whimsical and entice you to be your own mixologist brewing the best cup of tea cuttings. The staff is always uber excited to share their knowledge but not pushy if you just want to sit and let the aromas flirt with your senses.  With that said, it isn't your typical tea shop where it's cozy and invites you to linger. Seating is limited and the space small but it is bright and airy that you can't help feel like you are standing in the midst of sunshine. I am not a tea connoisseur but I love anything other than the usual bland english breakfast, earl grey or green teas and chamomile options. The choices are abundant, so give it a try :)
5	I am a fan of tea - iced or hot. This visit was my introduction to loose leaf tea and I'm hooked. Marion was just great - she allowed me to shop comfortably and was able to assist when needed. I am having my blend right now and it is the best cup of tea I've ever had. I am looking forward to my Sauv tea blend as well as the events (Tea 101 and dinner pairings) that Marion was telling me about. I have wanted to visit this place so many times before but haven't had the chance. My only regret is not doing it sooner. Fortunately, it's located right next to my favorite wine bar so I know I will be making subsequent visits soon! It's Small Business Saturday - a great opportunity to give this small business a try.Thanks!
4	Probably more like 3.5 stars. Was just here visiting and looking for tea since I didn't travel with any. Stumbled onto this place in Scottsdale and was pleased to see such an wide selection of loose leaf teas. A good smattering of everything from black to greens to whites and of course, herbal and flavored teas if you're into those too. (I'm not.)Knowledgable staff and that's useful and even seating if you were wanting to come here and taste tea. I think for me, as a 'tea guy' of sorts, I'd just wish they'd list their prices up front on the menu so you knew how much things were per ounce rather than having to ask. And if it was listed elsewhere, it wasn't readily apparent and I go to a lot of tea spots all over the country. If you're uninitiated, you'll want to ask or you'll end up going in there and spending more than you bargained for for even a smattering of small batches of several kinds. Speaking of lack of prices on things, the teaware and such that they had also appealed to me but none of those things had prices on them either and at the time that I would've asked, the one staff person was helping someone else. That being said, it's a great little tea shop and absolutely worth your time.
5	Big thanks to Mary Anne at Tea Time, who went above and beyond to make sure we received our order in time for Christmas.  Just wanted to say THANK YOU so much!!  Amazing customer service
