5	Einstein's is Noah's Bagels in SFThey're the same!Who knew!?Anyways,I like the manager of this location.  He's always so friendly and seems genuinely happy to be there and talkin' with his customers.I am obsessed with the jalapeno salsa cream cheese.  I literally buy 3 tubs of it everytime I go there.My favorite items includeSanta Fe bagel sandwich (jalapeno salsa cream cheese, turkey sausage, eggs, pepperjack cheese and salsa! YUM)Pepperoni pizza bagelAND.  They have Mr Pibb on tap.  I love Mr. Pibb.  Don't know why, I just do.
4	I love this bagel shop. Aside from being insanely crowded on weekend mornings (but what bagel place isn't?), I have no complaints. Even though the line can lead right out the front door, but with the efficiency of the employees, it never takes more than 5-10 minutes to get to the front of the line, and then my food is ready before I even have my cup filled with fountain soda :)
5	Great bagel shop. Good variety of bagels and pastries, delicious iced tea and their vanilla hazelnut coffee is my favorite!The employees do a great job of keeping the line moving and getting your food quickly. No matter how busy they are, I've never spend more than 5 minutes in line, ordering and waiting for food.Check you mailers for coupons!
4	Always Great Bagels!  So many different flavors and smear combinations, you could literally eat bagels for months and not have the same bagel. And that's just the bagels, they have sandwiches and pastries too!Try the salmon smear on the jalapeno bagel, it' wonderful!Great coupons in the paper too!
4	Quick service, decent and predictable food. Coffee is only so-so for me - prefer Dunkin Donuts coffee! But Einstein's Santa Fe on a green chile bagel keeps me coming back!
4	Quick friendly service. Good breakfast sandwiches, and also lunch.You can eat outside-but watch out for the birds-a girl left her wrapped sandwich on a table, and a lttle tweeter got right in the plastic basket and proceeded to help itself to breakfast!! Yes, we did let her know.
3	It's an Einstein's so i think you know what to expect.  For this location they make good coffee drinks, but they seem a little disorganized depending on who you get at the first cash register.
4	They treated me well the few times I have been here.  The speed of service has been good, even when busy.  Their bagels and schmeer have been consistently good.
4	Just makes your day better when you have friendly service and a yummy bagel!
4	Love the breakfast sandwiches, they are large, filling and delicious.  The chicken salad sandwich is also great and my dogs love the doggie bagel treats.The staff is friendly and the new set up gets you in and out much more quickly.The only reason that I can't give them that 5th star is that they took away the call ahead ordering which used to be my Sunday routine.  When you are in a hurry the ability to call ahead and run in and get your breakfast was a lifesaver! But since they won't take phone orders anymore I have found myself going to other places that will.
4	Best place for a bagel breakfast, and perfectly brewed coffee every time. I have been to several Einstein bagels in Az and Cali, and the Ahwatukee store is the best!
5	This had been my go to place for bagels for some time now. They have never disappointed me. The staff is always friendly and their coffee is really good too. My favorite is their vanilla hazelnut coffee. You won't be sorry!
1	Dear Manager,Yes, I was the person who came in with a coupon with no expiration date on it that said I could have a deli sandwich for $5.99.  You told me it was no longer valid.  I pointed out to you that you had a very large sign in your front window that said the same thing.  you doubted me, until you saw it.  Do you still doubt me, as you took it down, of course not.  I then asked again for the $5.99 special.  You refused.  Are you aware of what LOUSY CUSTOMER SERVICE that is?  Are you aware that by my pointing the sign out to you that I saved you from another customer doing the same thing?  Are you aware of false advertising?  Are you aware that you lost a customer instead of created a customer?  What do you suppose would happen if you comped me that sandwich and thanked me for pointing out the problem?  And exactly how much would that cost you?  Or even let me have the sandwich at $5.99 (ps. I went to Chick Filet instead)Oh by the way, you are suppose to be the role model for your employees.  Well, you are.  They act as clueless as you.I will be calling your corporate office.  Have a nice day and give a thought or two to what customer service means.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this place. I love the green chile bagel with southwest cream cheese. So good! But, they are usually always out of those bagels. Sometimes I will get a wheat bagel with strawberry cream cheese but the it ALWAYS tastes like onions or something other than strawberry because they never wipe off the knives that the spread it on with. It always has a bad taste and they never put hardly any cream cheese on it to begin with. They are sooooo slow here. You always have to wait for your order. They employees are usually nice and that is never an issue. I love it because it is near where I live and they usually have coupons. The coffee is decent but not great.
3	Good bagel place that never disapoints.  However, if you are in the neighborhood, I would recommend Nosh on Warner and 48th over Einstein.
1	I would give this Einsteins location a "5" rating for the bagels alone but the service and cleanliness of the food preparation area leaves allot to be desired, therefore a "1" star.The service is atrocious. For example, one day this week, Wednesday, I stopped in fro a coffee and bagel. There were 7 employees working, one taking orders, one cashing and the rest preparing orders. Five customers in line including myself and nine (9) customers waiting for their orders. All you heard was "sorry for the wait" and this was not prime morning get your coffee before going to work time. The food preparation area is filthy. If you look at the counters and floors there is always food scraps laying about. I used to frequent this location two to four times a week but since the change of managers a few months ago, the quality of service and cleanliness has been lost. As much as it pains me to say so, I will probably go to Starbucks for my morning cup.
2	It's been a while since I have been to an Einstein's.  I have always loved their food and their coffee.  I am a sucker for pumpkin season and was hearing non-stop ads on the radio every morning promoting their new pumpkin products.  I stopped in on a Sunday around 1030, ordered the pumpkin bagel and pumpkin shmear.  The girl who was taking our order was not friendly and seemed like she did not want to be there.  Not rude, but not really all there.  After waiting in line to pay, an employee came up to me and said they were out of the pumpkin bagels.  I'm pretty sure that they had been out of pumpkin bagels before I got there as their entire top shelf of bagels was empty (meaning they ran out of others as well).  It was annoying that I wasn't told this before I paid and disappointing that Einstein's is going to promote the heck out of their pumpkin lineup and then not make enough to last through the day or morning for that matter.  I ended up picking out a plain bagel, to find out they didn't even slice it for me.   They sliced the other bagel in the bag, though.  I have to say that the saving grace was that the bagel was fresh and delicious, as was the pumpkin shmear.  Seems like the management and service needs to get it together.
