1	after living in the northwest for a long time I new the bad about century link. When we got our restaurant , We had there tech out and the tech left are roof top to our electrical room open over night even after asking him if he closed it and him saying yes. Thankfully not monsoon season or this would have closed the restaurant electrical, heating, plumbing and such. The down side too about the phone service, it seemed that every time it rained the water would get into lines and distort the sound making it hard to hear. I have delt with several phone calls into company over the year the restaurant was up and running. Each time nothing getting done or only temp fix. I even had a guy who had 20 years exp look at my box's and said that its probably due to the slop or grate on the box how water would get in. I never will use century link ever.. They can only do so much however when you have a product you should stand bye it. I wish cox would have contacted me. My first complaint went directly to management after the service tech left open are ceiling wall never again !!
1	Can I give them 0 stars? Worst service ever. I cannot even stream my netflix. The customer service is even worse. I have wasted countless hours on the phone with technical service and they refuse to help me. Using skype is completely out of the question, as the internet quality is too poor.
1	worst service ever, i moved from one location to another the rep messed everything before i was billed $35, it went all the way up to $65 with same contract service, been calling them for two months never have fixed my bill, worst company ever..
1	Terrible Service! Incompetent Representatives! Rude Customer Service!Stay far, far away from this company.I ordered internet service for my office in Cave Creek.  Couldn't access my account online since they listed it as residential. Called CS to have this fixed.  She said their servers were down and she couldn't help me. Called back the next day.  Same thing.  They couldn't help me.  Paid bill over the phone.Lease is now up and moving the business out of Arizona. Was told I couldn't transfer the account to California since they don't service the new area.  BUT I'm still responsible for the early termination fee. Very rude - said he knew more about their policies since he works for the company and I don't. DO WHATEVER YOU CAN TO AVOID DOING BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY!
