5	I can't believe this wasn't reviewed yet!  This place rocks, and Dr. Heather is the very best vet in town. She's reasonable in price, thorough in her evaluations, and super kind. She handled the life and death issues so carefully and warmly, and she talks about her own pets and has compassion! When our cat Everett died, she not only called us throughout the whole cremation process, but she sent a card and when we picked up the ashes - she had made a single footprint "ornament" with a ribbon and his name on it as a gift.  Never had a vet do anything so kind.  We have had MANY cats and MANY VETS.  I know a good vet. Go here. Please go here!
5	We have 6 cats and have been very pleased with the manner in which they are treated by Dr. Heather and her staff.   A couple of our cats are semi-feral.   Dr. Heather didn't shy away from seeing them whereas other vets are not willing to treat them.  Kudos to Dreamy Draw!
5	Dr. Heather Oyan and the staff at Dreamy Draw Cat Hospital have been caring for our kitties for several years. Having left another vet's office that "went corporate" I was pleased by the personal service and the warmth and character of a true small business.  I also appreciate that it's cats only, which causes my "kids" less stress than when walking into a waiting room filled with dogs.The care is thorough and Dr. Oyan really works to find the very best treatment/solutions for your pet while also remaining mindful of budgetary concerns. She's always willing to discuss options and takes the time to make sure you and your pet are comfortable with decisions made.Sadly in the past two years, we've lost two long-time feline companions after long health struggles.  Dr. Oyan and her staff could not have been more compassionate, empathetic or kind during those very difficualt times.You won't find swanky offices here and at times I have waited awhile for my appointment (understandably due to exemplary necessary care being given to another customer's precious pet). I highly recommend Dreamy Draw Animal Hospital for all your cat care needs.
5	Dr O is the best, she has cared for our brood for years.  All of our pets are family there.  It is a very cat friendly office and the staff are always responsive and helpful.  You never feel like another customer here, there is obvious serious concern and caring for the well being of the "babies".  We have Dr Oyan to thank for saving the life of our Bailey and Ashley they both separately developed life threatening illnesses and she got them through it all, both are happy healthy kitties.
5	dr. oyan was just fantastic with my high anxiety kitty - aptly named houdini for her self-preservational talents as an escape artist.previous vets have been.... patient (at best) about how i have to fetch her out from underneath furniture and disengage each of her claws from my body in order to get her on their table, and how i sometimes fail to keep her there (escape artist - remember?).  this one got down on the floor with us and fed her treats while she trembled under the chair.  this cat suffers more terror than any i've ever seen at the prospect of being in new places - and even more terror at the thought of being touched by strangers.  i was stunned to see her tentatively allowing dr. oyan to handle her.  i've never seen anyone be so understanding and patient with my terrified baby.another thing i appreciate - dr. oyan was really communicative with me... pointing out all the interesting things in her xrays and showing me how to check for swollen glands.  her prices were reasonable, and she made recommendations but never tried to pressure me about anything.frankly, i don't think anything will ever keep my psychokitty calm when she has to leave the comfort of her home and routine... but this was far and away her best veterinary experience ever.
5	Dr. Heather is terrific. We drive from Mesa to get the best care for our kitties. Reasonably priced and very compassionate care.
5	Dr. Oyan is the best vet for cats.  My 20-year-old tom cat only spent a short time under the care of Dr. Oyan and Megon because he was already in an advanced stage of CRF.  I wish I had found Dreamy Draw Cat Hospital sooner, he may have lived a good bit longer.   It was a long drive, but well worth it.  I highly recommend this vet, but stay far, far away from Elliot Park Animal Hospital in Tempe.
5	Dr. Heather and Megan saw our little guy Ike because we were concerned he ingested a toxic plant. After visiting a 24-hour animal hospital and feeling like we were being miscommunicated with and ushered out the door, Dr. Heather and Megan listened to our concerns and gave us personalized and personal treatment. Both Megan and Dr. Heather are great listeners with a warm and matter-of-fact bedside manner. We were super pleased with our first visit here and will be certain to sing their praises to anyone in need of a vet for their cats! Our kitty Ike was clearly enamored with all the attention and kitty treats they lavished him with. :)
5	So I took my kitty, Miss Allie, at my brother's recommendation (he owns AZPetPals and KNOWS good pet care).  Allie is 11 years old and has been having health issues that had me scared to death, so my initial response was assume the worst, but she was miserable so I couldn't put it off.  Every single interaction was done with love and my cat was really mellow throughout the process, even when she got a shot.  I adore these folks for their sensitivity and attendance; they are sweet and caring and CLEARLY know what they are doing.  The end result is that my kitty had her anal glands cleaned up, her abcessed bum treated, and a prescription filled for home treatment....probably TMI but this is what we have to do when we love our pets.I highly recommend Dr. Heather O and Megan for these very reasons!
5	Dr. Heather & Megan are the best! They love the kitties and are so knowledgeable.We wouldnt go anywhere else.
5	Very kind caring service from both Dr. Heather and Megan.  I had to put my 19 year old cat Tricks to sleep.  They were so kind and caring from the moment I entered the office till the time I left.  Very good catside manner.
5	I had to put my other elderly cat to sleep yesterday.  Dr. Heather and Megan were just as caring and consistent as before.  I was a 5:30 pm appointment and they took all the time to explain options and costs and gave excellent attention to Midnight.  They did not act like they were in a hurry to get home or rushed in any way.  They had even invited me to stay and have pizza with them while they got the office ready for the next work day.  Very caring and attentive service and I really feel they do everything they can for your cats.
5	Megon and Dr. Oyan are amazing - what sets them apart from the rest besides feline specialization is that they're just real, honest people that put your feline friends first. The office might be small but they more than make up for any lavish facility by being not only extremely knowledgeable but down to earth, compassionate, and just plain wonderful. So long as I'm in Phoenix my cats will never go anywhere else.
