4	My boss recommended this because it is a new hotel.  Here are some of the pluses:- You can "e-check in" on line and pick your room when rooms are available (I got the room right across from the exercise room).- The rooms are very spacious.  Kitchen is separate from living room and bedroom area.  Flat panel TV.  Big wash sink/vanity area separate from the bathroom.- Buffet dinner reception in the evening (Mon-Thurs) and breakfast every morning.- 1.5 blocks away from the car rental building.- Near freeway on-ramp to take you to the strip.  They have a shuttle also that will take you where you need to go.- You can actually check-in at 1pm, instead of the usual 3pm time.- The exercise room has current machines (Precor brand) with TV monitors on all of them (2 treadmills, 1 elliptical, 1 stationary bike).  They also have free weights.Minuses - nothing that I can think of right now.Definitely would recommend to anyone.  Rooms were only $109 on the weekdays.
5	This is probably the nicest Homewood Suites I've ever stayed in.  For the last night in Vegas, I left the Ritz to check into something a little closer to my early morning flight.Here are the high points:It's new and still bright and shiny!They have a shuttle to and from the airportIt is within walking distance of the airport's car rental facility, so if you have a rental car, you could return it and walk to the hotel.  Or, you can do like I did, and sweet talk the shuttle driver to come pick you up and give you a ride back to the hotel.  :)Breakfast is complimentary and starts at 6am.The room I had was HUGE.Also a very, very short drive to a wonderful deli called PaneVino (http://www.panevinolasvegas.com/).  I must admit that from the outside, it didn't look like much and I didn't want to stop, but SO glad we did!  If you get a little hungry while at the hotel, give these guys a try!The only, and I mean the only bad thing I can say about my stay was that there was no Wi-Fi.  It was only free wired Internet in my room.  That was the least of my concerns that night, though, so no worries.Here's a funny story.  On check in, the man at the desk told me, "Now, when you walk into your room, you will notice how big it is.  Don't be alarmed, it really is your room".  I'm thinking I've got a two story penthouse or something after a warning like that.  Well, it was a master bedroom and a guest room (1 king size bed and two queen beds total), along with a small living room and kitchen.  I smiled inside.Great staff.  I would absolutely, without a doubt, stay at this hotel again and recommend it to anyone looking for something convenient and definitely their money's worth.
5	This was a great hotel to stay at while in Vegas.  Very convenient to the strip and the hotel even provides a shuttle to and from Mandalay Bay Hotel.  It was nice not staying on the Strip, where is was so loud and busy all the time.  The room was very nice and had great amenities - kitchen, microwave, flat screen tv w/DVD player.  The bathroom was very clean and spacious.  The bed in the room was also very comfortable.  Breakfast was great - waffles, eggs, bacon, cereal, fruit, assorted juices, and coffee.  Affordable price with great amenities.  Enjoyed this hotel and would definitely stay at this location again for my next Vegas trip.
5	To conclude our forthcoming Grand Canyon/Las Vegas trip, my parents wanted a nice, quiet, casino-less, and relatively inexpensive hotel for us to stay in. While on an endless search for hotels on Expedia, I finally found one that matched our desires. $100 for 5 people, plus a complimentary breakfast? Safe to say I booked that right away. It's a decent location, being adjacent to the LV Airport and being a short, 5-10 minute drive from The Strip. If you don't drive, they provide FREE hourly shuttle service from the hotel to Mandalay Bay. Upon arrival, we were introduced to a quiet, clean, and gratifying hotel environment. Checking in took no less than 5 minutes and we were off to our room. The room was clean and great as any hotel room should be, also equipped with a kitchen and kitchen accessories, a fridge, cable tv(HBO!), manual air conditioning, and free internet. The sofa bed was a little bit dingy looking when opened up, but nothing to keep me from a getting a good night's rest. They also had a fitness room around the corner for those health freaks who need their daily dose of exercise(even on vacation) or for the ones who just want to lessen the guilt of those Vegas buffet indulgences. Nothing more than a couple treadmills each equipped with a entertainment center/tv and complimentary headphones, a cycling machine, free weights from 5-50(yes, I remembered) and 2 benches. Nice and simple. The complimentary breakfast the following morning exceeded our expectations. From a waffle machine to butter pound cake to seasoned scrambled eggs with salsa to just coffee, it was a breakfast-lover's dream. Also, might I add that the staff was great? Somethings that a few people might potentially have a problem with, however, are the lack of WiFi in the rooms(nothing an extendable ethernet cord can't fix), the traditionally early breakfast hours of 6-9 am(set your alarms), and the barely noticeable sounds from the nearby airport. Overall, it was a great stay, and well worth double the $100 or more.
5	great place to stay.   away from all the casino smoke and vehicle traffic.  family-friendly hotel.  front desk staff is exceptional.  convenient to have complimentary breakfast, 6-9am (mon-fri), 7-10am (weekends).   hotel staff for breakfast is great, too.  large breakfast area !!!  the suites are spacious and well decorated, with modern flair.   very clean hotel.   located close to the I-15 and I-215 freeways.  not too far from the strip.shuttle service to/from airport and Mandalay.   can save $$$ from taxis, with the shuttles to the strip.  24 hr coffee and tea available in the lobby.  flat panel TV's in the suites.  very small, but fun putting green on the side of the hotel.  clean fitness room available, 24 hrs a day, with free weights and up-tp-date cardio machines.will stay here again for sure !!!
5	This was an awesome hotel. The rooms were clean and spacious. They had free wifi and a shuttle to the airport. It was a very service oriented hotel.
4	Nice property to stay with if you like to stay off of the Strip. (which is only about 1 1/2 to 2 miles away.  Staff is nice and courteous.  Good maid service.Rooms are kept clean and of course, include a kitchen, which is always nice to have. Full-sized refrigerator, microwave, 2 burner stove top, diswasher, garbage disposal. Great for extended stays. Complimentary breakfast (served 7 days) and light dinner fare served during the week. Very convenient to the McCarren Car Rental property which is approximately 1/4 to 1/2 mile away from the Homewood property. Beds and pillows are comfortable (though I still maintain that the Hilton Doubletree line has the best!).  The only restaurant within walking distance would be the PanoVino.  You will need a car!
3	My stay here overall was ok.  The check in and check out process were quick and easy.  The room was clean and comfortable enough.  Free wi-fi is a plus.  There are complimentary shuttles to the airport and to Mandalay Bay Hotel/Casino.  The first night we asked for extra towels and it took like an hour to get them.  We also forgot our travel toothpaste, and were told that this hotel did not have any.  Our biggest dissatisfaction was with the complimentary breakfast.  The selection and quality were okay, but it was just the disorganization.  We stayed here for 4 nights and ate breakfast every morning.  They were constantly running out of food, replenishing it, only to run out again.  Also plates and bowls were a precious commodity some of the time.  It just seemed like they were either short staffed or weren't able to anticipate how much food was needed.  Overall, it gave a sense that the kitchen was overwhelmed by the number of guests.  This is my first time staying at a Homewood Suites.  I have previously stayed at several Residence Inns and Holiday Inns that provided similar complimentary breakfasts.  Each of those experiences were much better, like the kitchen knew what they were doing.
4	Good hotel off the strip, close to airportThis hotel is great if you want to be away from the crowded loud strip, the staff is nice and they have a shuttle to take you downtown. Rooms are clean and well kept. I dont really care much for the free breakfast, but it is free so i cant argue with that. I always come back here when im just passing through for the night
5	I really should have written this review a long time ago. I stayed here about 2 or 3 years ago, so I have no idea how much has changed since then, if the staff has been completely swapped out, or if I'm even reviewing the correct location... Never mind that last thing; I'm pretty sure I'm reviewing the right location.So, I honestly didn't spend much time at this hotel. My family and I had driven in from LA to attend my brother's wedding in the Valley of Fire the next afternoon, and we'd gotten in pretty late. So, when all was said and done we only had one night and part of the morning to explore the place. Then why the five stars, you ask? Well, firstly... the room was pretty great. With two bedrooms, a living room and kitchen between them, it really was kind of like being home. Everything was clean and comfortable, and the bathrooms were well stocked. What really made this place awesome, though, was one member of the staff in particular. The morning of my brother's wedding, my mother realized she had forgotten her shoes back at home. The bigger problem was that the van my family had borrowed to trek the 7 of us across the desert had kind of given up on life, and my father was looking for a way to just get us to the wedding... So, my mom asked the front desk if there was a shoe store within walking distance of the hotel. The answer was no. No, there was not. There was, however, a woman on staff whose shift ended in ten minutes, and who was willing to drive my mother to pick up some shoes. That, to me, is definitely going above and beyond in customer service. It had nothing to do with her job, and everything to do with being a kind person just trying to help someone out. That was pretty awesome. I wish I could remember her name, but if she ever reads this and recognizes the story; thank you!Other than that, the hotel was pretty quiet, relatively cheap, and away from the grossness of the strip. I'd certainly stay again if I ever, for some reason, found myself back in the area. Even if it is owned by Hilton.
5	I am becoming more and more of a Homewood Suites fan!  The last 4 of 4 home woods have been stellar and thus doesn't disappoint either. Clean, new, friendly staff
5	If you want to sleep away from the craziness of the strip, but still want a nice room to spend your time in, you have found your place!The wife and I stayed here for our 5 year wedding anniversary from Thursday, September 27th, to Sunday the 30th. Check in was very easy. The workers at the front desk were friendly and very helpful.All the rooms are suites. You are basically staying in your own apartment. Comes with a living room, kitchen wich includes microwave and fridge, and of course your bedroom with kingsize bed. The room itself is spacious, very clean / maintained, and very nicely furnished. You get a flatscreen television in the living room and bedroomThe bed and pillow's were perfect. Not too soft, but not too firm. I literally fell asleep upon my head hitting the pillow. My wife didn't complain either, and she is critical with hotel bed's.The great thing is that you get complimentary continental breakfast, every morning of your stay. The quantity did not diminish the quality.This is a family hotel. The only guests we saw were families and other couples. Do not expect to party it up here without a complaint or two. It was quiet our entire stay,which was great to be able to relax.The pool is not the biggest, but it did not matter since there was never anyone swimming anyway.There is also a fitness center for all you work out freaks. Who works out during their vacation anyway?! Not me thats for damn sure.If you want a comfortable and relaxing stay, this place is it. We will definitely be staying here on our next visit.
4	My mom was in Las Vegas for business, so I flew into spend a couple of days with her. Homewood Suites is her go to hotel when in Vegas. We had an Executive suite...so nice. It was basically a two bedroom apartment, one room had a king size bed with it's own bathroom. The other room had two doubles with its own bathroom. Large sitting room with full size kitchen. The room was impeccably clean...big plus. The staff was super friendly. Great location, close to outlet malls and offering a shuttle to the strip.
4	Sooo...I finally score the conference in Vegas, 5 days four nights.  Bride is at home, just me and some co-workers and.......I chose to stay here.  Go figure.  Look, if you haven't been to Vegas and you want the 'experience', go stay on the strip.  I have before, it's a blast, never dull and rarely cheap.  But if you are here to work, want someplace that is clean, predictable, shuts down at night, offers a great value for breakfast and dinner AND is still within government per diem, then this is the place.  Clean, friendly, easy to get to from the airport and easy to get to the strip.  Complimentary shuttle access to both as well.  Rooms were spacious and the Neutrogena soaps and shampoos are a nice clean touch.  Hotel shuttle takes you to two shopping centers and Manadalay Bay on the strip, would be nice if it dropped at a more central location, but the strip is always and interesting walk at any time of day.  Nothing really within walking distance for eating if miss the complimentary food or want something different, but plenty within a few minutes drive.  Or you can do what we did and leave at 7:30am and come back at 11:30 and find your sustenance in the midst of the barrage of neon, noise and plasma.  Anyway, clean, comfortable, predicatble:  three things Vegas is not and nice to come home to at the end of the day.
3	Things have gone downhill since the early reviews of this property.  The elevator has numerous scuff marks, dings and lots of wear and tear marks.  The welcome mats in the lobby are dirty.  Our room had several suspicious stains on the black out curtain and bathroom wall.  The supposedly non-smoking floor was smoky as is the common areas.  The staff are friendly, which saved the resort from a 2 star rating.
1	AWFUL-- NOT CLEAN....the Free breakfast is a joke-  it shuts down at 9:45 because they run out of food... they Don't have much food to start with... We are a Diamond Hilton member and this hotel was awful, the bathroom was NOT clean, the beds were NOT clean...the hotel is worn out... I will NOT stay here again...
4	I like a lot of things about this place as a business visit to Vegas; a kitchen, super close to the airport yet no noise, easy highway access, awesome staff, and more. It is the upkeep of the building that keeps from rating a perfect five...and it is not big stuff. It is Preventive Maintenance stuff like sticky door latches, loose shower heads, and such.  So close to just awesome for business travel.
4	We usually stay on the strip, but due to having out of town guests and needing a suite style room, we opted to stay near the strip.  No regrets.  Hotel is clean and staff so courteous.  Each time we entered or exited the elevator, a staff member would greet us or apologize for being in the way.  I was impressed by the courtesy.  I was especially impressed by the breakfast staff.  Ty and team were great.  Ty personally greeted us during breakfast and made sure we were taken care of.  Thanks Ty!5 stars for the wonderful staff and 4 stars for the overall stay.
4	Ottoman on Wheels!This was exactly what we needed after a long, high temp, Vegas weekend.The suite with a separate sleeping and living/ kitchenette was perfect... From our little ones standpoint, the highlight was the living room's ottoman on wheels!!
5	Love this hotel!  Smoke-free; gaming-free; complimentary full hot breakfast buffet; complimentary hot dinners Mon-Thus.; pool, spa, exercise room; fantastic, accommodating staff; beautiful, clean rooms with full kitchens. Will always come back here.
5	Super nice folks, clean rooms, very accommodating shuttle service and right around the corner from the car rental for McCarren.  Dinner was tasty.  WiFi was not quite as strong at the back end of the building, but once we got set up it was fine - We will be back!
5	We wanted to stay in vegas one more day but our hotel was sold out for that day, so i startered to search for a new one, i found the homewood suites. Check in was fast, our room was on the first floor, with a view of the pool. The very first thing i noticed was how good the room smelled, so fresh and clean! Breakfast was good, but crowded with people, i couldn't make me a waffle, there was a long line, other than that, a great hotel in las vegas, i recomend if you are looking for quiet time with the family.
