4	This store is one of very descent Joann fabric stores.  Since I'm a quilter I wish they carry more cotton fabrics.  One thing bothers me is some of sales associates still cut fabrics short.  Also I bought some remnants yesterday and measurements was 1 inch more than actual length, it's not a lot to return or get refund though.................   So far I'm happy to shop there.
4	Customer service can occasionally leave a little to be desired but usually everyone is wonderful.  I find the best times to go is when there is a great sale, so stay tuned for coupons and ads because you can really save a bunch.  Fabric department is generally pretty knowledgeable and able to help with questions.
2	Sadly when I reviewed before and said generally the employees were nice is no longer true.  In fact while having fabric cut today, we went a head and took the rest of the bolt, I had to ask about the normal 50% discount and was told I hadn't asked for the fabric correctly.  I apparently have to pretend I want less and then let them throw on the extra...Very odd.  In my opinion if the bolt ends I get the discount simple as that.  The one women cutting fabric also spent a good 15 minutes chatting with the customer in front of us (a regular it seemed) while we stood and waited.  I really wish we had more fabric options out here.
5	Friendly staff.  Exteremly helpful!  All craft stores (AHEM MICHAELS @ TMP), should have employees like this place does!  Left with everything I needed for my baby shower favors, AND beading materials to fix my two lanyards.
5	I went to Jo-Ann yesterday in hopes of finding a nice lace trim for my wedding invitations. There was a good selection to choose from, but they didn't have the quantity that I needed.Whitney, a sales associate in the cutting department, helped me to place a special order for the remaining lace trim that I needed. The deal on the lace trim was already good, but to make it even better, Whitney went out of her way to let me know that I could download an app on my phone to access the current coupons that Joa-Ann had for the week. Whitney saved me 40% on my lace!The staff was very friendly--I wish I would have gone to Jo-Ann sooner!
3	It is a miss or hit for help from the employees.  =(
3	I don't typically shop for fabric, that's something my wife does but I happen to need some material to upholster and after looking around online found out JoAnns had it.  I was surprised to see how many options they have and for what I needed the quality and selection were good.  I would say that the staffing was limited and the cashier wasn't very friendly but since I'm used to shopping at hardware stores it was pretty normal.I would imagine the level of service I got wouldn't satisfy their typical customer base.
1	Very poor business operation.  If they run out of a stocked item that you need more of YOU have to pay to have it shipped to the store so you can have the honor of driving to the store to buy it.  Normally grouped items (like knitting stuff) are randomly scattered through the store, manager explained this is a corporate move to get you to look at other merchandise.  To get to some sewing fabrics you have to go through draperies and housewares.  A quick trip to pick up a few items turns into a lengthy treasure hunt.  Shopping there is specifically designed to waste your time, their ridiculous "YOU pay to stock OUR shelves" is a scam and another time waster, and finally, I can't count on them to keep their shelves stocked so I can never be certain if I can finish even a simple project.  Waste of time and money.
