5	I've been in Pittsburgh for a long time, and if you read through my reviews, you'll see that I love eating in Pittsburgh. I'm from NYC, so it's not that my palate is easy to satisfy. I just really think that Pittsburgh has great restaurants with authentic, and tasty foods. I am a serious advocate of dining in Pittsburgh, and I take pride in knowing the good places to eat. There, those are my self-proclaimed credentials. So take this to heart: Andy's Sushi Bar (located in Wholey's) is probably the #1 place to get sushi/rolls in Pittsburgh. Now, a few caveats: it is NOT a restaurant, it is a stand inside Wholey's supermarket that does take-out orders ONLY. You will NOT get a dining experience, so for those of you who want to go to a nice japanese restaurant for dinner, you are not in luck. This sushi stand is only open for lunch, and typically closes at about 4pm on a weekday. You could be waiting about 15-30 minutes depending on the time/day you go because there is just one guy who makes the orders. He's fast, but his line can get long. Take it for what it is: Andy uses fresh and tasty fish. He cuts you big pieces for both his a la carte pieces and his rolls. He will make you any custom order you'd like provided he has the ingredients. He does have a limited selection of Sushi/Sashimi platters. He has a good spider roll and after going a few times, definitely ask for the "Chef's Special" -- he just loads up a roll for you. You won't be disappointed.And, as for prices, it's the best bang for your buck for sushi. what more could you ask for.
5	I love  Andy and he loves me. I used to come here every Sunday after church and order his special not on the menu rolls. Those are awesome.  They are really fresh and flavorful.
5	Andy's sushi bar is a convenient little stand set up inside Wholly's in the Strip District of Pittsburgh. It's not a dine in type of place, but it is the best sushi I've ever had. Wholly's sells fresh fish and other meats, so a very convenient place for a sushi bar. My personal favorite of Andy's is the Philadelphia roll - without hot sauce! I used to work in the strip and would often walk down to Wholly's just to get sushi and talk to Andy.
4	fish is about as fresh as you will find in Pittbsurgh. Andy makes waiting in line a joy. Very generous portion sizes, and unbelievable value (2 large pieces of toro for $5 is unheard of! Not to mention I was given a third 1 at no additional cost)The presentation itself leaves something to be desired, not the most skilled with a knife, but the guy has to pump them out fast enough to keep the line moving. - and lets be honest, you're not going to a stand in wholeys for presentation.His special sauce is tasty, some sort of sirracha-esq conccoction, but make sure you make note of it if you don't want this on your fish.Uses a bit too much rice for my liking on the nigiri pieces, I think he could use about half as much. Though I understand he is located next to a primantis, and this is pittsburgh.Fantastic value, great guy. Will return.oh, and I really mean he's a great guy beyond the generosity with the fish. Today he temporarily stopped service to help a little girl find her mother.
2	I want to like it.  But ultimately, it took forever to get and he doused my sushi with various sauces that were NOT listed on the menu.  As a condiment-o-phobic, my sushi was ruined and I didn't feel comfortable enough to request it be fixed.  15$ later, I tossed it and walked out, miserable.
4	Let me preface this by saying I love sushi. Nobu Matsuhisa and Kazunori Nozawa are two guys I used to visit frequently in LA for the good stuff.  I mean the really really good stuff. Andy's Sushi Bar ain't in the same galaxy.However, I must say, Andy is the man. How can you go wrong with a take-out only sushi restaurant inside the largest fresh fish market in town (Wholey's)? Especially in a town like Pittsburgh which doesn't come to mind when you think fresh sushi.I've had my fair share of nasty fish around town. Even in some nice places that looked like the fish should have tasted better (and fresher) than it was. Then I found Andy. No frills, no bar, but hey, the fish is as fresh as you're gonna get in these parts of the USA.People seem to line-up for his endless list of rolls - and there are plenty. I never got why someone would order a Fried Chicken Roll. Personally, I prefer the lunch special which includes 8 pieces of nigiri sushi (whatever is fresh that day....usually yellowtail, tuna, salmon and eel), as well as eight pieces of some roll Andy throws together in front of you - like a spicy California Roll or Salmon and Cucumber Roll. You get what he thinks is the freshest catch of the day. Total is around $14.00 for this particular order.And one other word of caution, especially around holidays and on Fridays, Wholey's can be jammed with people - I mean packed - so if you don't like crowds, or if you don't like standing in line to order your food and watch Andy make it fresh - then CALL AHEAD and place your order for pick-up. There is also a decent sized dining room upstairs (paper covered tables) that you can eat in if you don't want to take the food to go.
5	i would give andy 6 stars, if possible due to:1. amaaaaaaazing sushi.2. hilarious conversation.3. fresh, fresh, fresh ingredients.4. reasonable prices for the quality of food (which is stellar).5. andy's daily specials & inventive use of random sushi components (like mango & mint).6. FREE SAMPLES while you wait in line.andy is the best -- hands-down.
4	It's really not clear what to rate for this one.  Andy or his Sushi.  Both have flair, flavor and personality!  I swear he remembers everyone, but even if he doesn't it doesn't matter because he makes you feel like you've been sushi besties forever!I love going to his stand in Wholey's where he'll just randomly hand me a sample roll.  And the rolls he makes are MAMMOTH!  I don't know about everyone else, but I can wolf down my fair share of sushi and it's really hard to finish a full 2 rolls from him.  The menu is pretty standard but I'm sure he could whip up any kind of specialty roll you'd like.  Plus, it's all reasonably priced.  It's just great to have this stand in the middle of the fish market to grab some quick sushi from a very friendly face!
2	AAahhh.  Why do I have such a discordance with Pittsburgh Yelpers' opinions of sushi places?  This place is not 4 stars.  The long line -- one person, Andy, making the sushi, makes you think it's a gem in the Strip District.  Eh.With Andy's Special, there was a variety of rolls, and made with a continuous strip of seawood (ie inside on one roll, outside on the next), which I actually found annoying, as the rolls fell apart when trying to separate them.  There just wasn't any flavor -- so I laid on the soy sauce and wasabi, but to no avail.I'm too annoyed right now to make any funny comments.
4	This place was a great lunch venue.  I had the 9 pc with the Maki.  I'm a big eater and its all I could do to finish it.  The fish is fresh Andy is a great guy who has been doing this for 20 years.  He actualy gives you samples as he makes your order.  If you like Sushi and your in Pittsburgh you have to stop by for lunch.
4	Andy the Sushi Guy.  Fast, entertaining, friendly and did I say fast?  No worries about standing in line and taking a few minutes of your busy day to watch Andy work his magic.  After all, it's not often one can find a fresh fish market with the freshest sushi ingredients. And you can bet Andy the Sushi Guy won't skimp on ingredients.  We stopped by on Saturday about lunchtime when Wholey's is packed with its Saturday shoppers, which is it's usual crowded busy-ness.  Andy's Special for the day:  Tuna & Kiwi  or  Salmon & Avocado FAT Rolls.  Yes, the special of the day is usually a FUTO maki extraordinaire.  We ordered the Tuna & Kiwi and Andy's Sushi Combo.  Tuna & Kiwi began with crispy dried nori (seaweed) topped with an ample amount of fluffy sushi rice.  Smeared on is Tobiko (flying fish eggs) with its bright orange color. Just as you're admiring his steadfastness, POP goes the rice ladened seaweed as  Andy flips the seaweed to create a reverse sushi roll.  Folks, I'd have to disagree with another Yelper when they say that nori goes on the outside. What's not to like about creativity? And personally, what's not to like about more ingredients that you can stick on the outside of a sushi roll?  Like Tobiko or sesame seeds? hhmm...???? Continuing with the innerds of the Tuna & Kiwi roll, more Tobiko, asparagus, seared tuna with a light breading, red leafed lettuce, fresh tuna and kiwi...a la Andy's Special of the day.  Roll up all of these and keeping it in tact so when the slicing begins, all of the innerds remain in tact. Whoosh!  Did you see how he picked up the whole futomaki (fat roll) and placed it in the clear togo container, fan it out, add an ample handful of shyoga (thinly sliced pickled ginger) and a hunk of wasabi (no explanation needed) with soy sauce in a mini condiment cup. Sushi a la Andy the Sushi Guy at Wholey's~~It's what's for dinner!If Andy didn't cut the roll, it would take two hands to pick it up and eat it like a ginormous fat burrito, kinda like you'd get in one of them hole in the wall Tex-Mex joints down close to the border (the US Border, that is).  But it is cut into yummy 8 slices and is done quickly without smushing down the circular form. Instead, admire the sliced sushi serving as you lay it flat and be amazed at the color and textures of the ingredients. Not only does it have fresh fish, but some veggies to add to your daily vitamin intake.  The only 'drawback' and I think that is what some of the sushi connoisseurs are quick to point out, is that the sushi rice is not seasoned.  Yes, folks, traditional sushi rice is seasoned with a slight glaze and a very subtle sweetness.  Now, if Andy seasoned the sushi rice as sushi rice should be seasoned, then I'd have to give the guy at least a 4.5 star rating (fresh ingredients, ample servings, creativity, appearance or presentation and seasoned sushi rice on top of all of that). I think I'm going to have to defend Sushi a la Andy against the folks looking for 'traditional sushi' in a sit down sushi bar.  You ain't gonna find it here.  And if that's the limit on your sushi palate, then you're certainly coming to the wrong place!  For if you're looking for fast, fresh and ample, this is it.  The bonus:  Andy treats you with friendly hospitality and part of the Wholey's family.
4	I love this guy!!! I come every Sat. morn , tell him the ingredients I want for the day and I come back from shopping with a great lunch waiting for me. I am never disappointed.
5	Oh Andy, how I miss your little swagger and sass! I know this is a difficult one to rate, since he runs a stand within another establishment (Wholeys) but I am giving 5 glowing stars nontheless for the amazing sushi he makes (right in front of you) and his stellar personality. I have never met a person with blood flowing in their veins that didn't get a total kick out of Andy.When I worked in the Strip, I ate here almost daily. After only two visits, he remembered exactly what I ordered and would start making it as soon as he saw me: spicy yellowtail with avocado. Or just yellowtail with avocado. Maybe some cucumber. Have I mentioned that I am obsessed with yellowtail? Ahhhh, the buttery-ness, the texture, the slight taste of the sea....oh wait, this isn't a review on a singular fish, i got a little carried away (even though Andy serves up some damn fine YT)! Sometimes he gets creative and mashes different flavor concepts together for you to sample as you wait. He once came up with a maki roll made of salmon, basil, cucumber and mango....brilliant!!Wholeys is such a fantastic people watching spot anyway and it's always amusing to see random people of all ages/genders/sizes walk in and yell "ANDY"!
2	It really pains me to do this, because Andy himself is such a cool and friendly dude, but after eating at Penn Ave Fish Company for so long...I just can't bring myself to get his sushi anymore. It's... just... not that good.  It all snapped into place for me one day recently.  The sushi rolls he makes are massive, but the taste just isn't there.  He's rushing to make them so fast that as soon as you put your chopsticks around them they completely fall apart.  And the most important part, the fish, doesn't seem all that fresh.  Definitely not as fresh as Penn Ave., which is weird considering he "lives" in a fresh fish mecca.  But the thing I think I've really grown to hate that weird brown sauce he puts on everything.  Yuck!  I just can't stand it!  I know I can ask to have it off, but as soon as I seem to remember, it's on there in a flash.I know it may be cheap and it may be fast, but to me it's just not worth it.  Penn Ave IS right down the street...and I PROMISE you'll love their fresh and delicious sushi!
5	Andy has the best Sushi. His special sauce is what makes his sushi the best.
1	I'm sorry, but as cool as Andy is, I just don't like the sushi.  The tuna tasted metallic and mealy, definitely not fresh.  I actually spit it out in my napkin upon first bite.  The portions are large, yes, and the prices are good, but I'd rather pay a little more for sushi that is less suspect.
4	The sushi is alright but the experience is the best! Sure I've had better sushi, but standing it line waiting for Andy to roll up some fish and rice while heckling other patrons is hilarious and entertaining. We always stop in when we are visiting the Strip District (only a couple times a year) and get a roll with a side of laughs.
3	My fiance and I always have a fun time when we stop by Andy's to get ourselves some sushi. I usually head down to the Strip when the weather's bad to try to avoid crowds, so we've never had to deal with too much of a line. Last time we visited we even got to sample a spring roll Andy whipped up while waiting for customers.The rolls are definitely larger than anything else you'll find when looking for take out sushi. I've had one from him where a given piece of a roll was 2-3 bites. I also usually stick to his specials, which for me always combine flavors atypical to your average sushi place. I'd never had basil in sushi before, but it really made the flavor of the roll.Andy's is a great place to stop if you're out and about and want some cheap sushi to-go. Everything I've had there has been great, but he definitely has a few oddballs thrown in the mix, so if you're a stickler for traditional sushi, this might not be the place for you.
5	Listen, Pittsburgh is not a sushi Mecca and never will be, but Andy has fair prices, fresh fish, and is easily the most charismatic sushi chef in the city. Cool environment and great sushi. What more do you need. Is Penn Fish better, maybe, but not as entertaining.
5	As much as a sushi fan as I am I going to stick my neck out and say this is the best sushi in Pittsburgh.  Here is my reasoning.Andy is not just a funny guy, but is very generous.  Go when it's not busy and be prepared to be handed big chunks of raw fish with his different sauces.  Talk to him and get ready for sushi rolls bursting with fresh fish.  Next the place is in Wholey Fish Market, Wholey gets fresh fish daily, so you know his sushi is going to be some of the freshest in Pittsburgh.Finally, the price, load up on Andy's rolls and sashimi for the fairest price in the city.  Try Andy's roll and the Eel sashimi.Go see Andy for some great sushi and sashimi.
4	This is a little sushi bar in Wholey's fish market and the sushi is excellent and Andy has such a fun, friendly and sassy personality that makes waiting in the long line to get your sushi more entertaining.  The rolls are relatively large with good portions of fish.  The only drawback is that he doesn't always follow the ingredients in the menu precisely (I got avocado instead of scallion and he put some mysterious sauce on it that was not on the menu).  I'm not that picky and liked it anyway but people who are more particular might be turned off by this.
5	I swear Andy remembers every customer he ever had.  I only get to visit him a couple times a year but he always asks how my family is and tells me to say hello to them for him.  He always gives me a snack while I am in line as well.  I place pretty big orders and leave a generous tip, but he is just so kind and friendly.  And, I think his sushi is the best in the city even though the long line can be prohibitive.
5	Andy is super entertaining, and serves up the best sushi in the burg!  Don't miss!
3	We tried it once. The price is good.
4	Eating at Andy's Sushi Bar was always an experience.  Probably the worst part is the long line, but in a way that is good because I always felt that sushi was very fresh with lots of turnover.  The prices are excellent and Andy is hysterical.  I wish I could eat here more.
4	I had a chance to stop in here today for lunch at Andy's sushi inside Wholey's on the strip. Let me just say that having a chance to chat with Andy is also a part of your luncheon experience.  I went with the Sushi lunch special which gives you a nice mix of salmon, tuna, and shrimp. The portion is great, fresh fish is a dream and the presentation is a plus.  Plus Andy is not shy about handing out free sushi while he prepares plates. He loads up the hot sauces an makes it fun. I recommend this the next time you visit the strip.
1	First, do not call me sexy and then give me the two most sinewy pieces of toro possible. That pissed me right off. Second, the rolls here are sloppy. Not only did it fall apart very quickly (and was about 4 times too large to eat: a piece of sushi should be able to be comfortably eaten in one bite), but it seems there isn't much thought given to flavors as far as the special rolls go. After my experience with the toro, I don't think I will be giving any sashimi or  *sushi* sushi rolls a try. While the rolls are large, the prices were quite steep, not what i was expecting for someone based in a market that sells seafood.
5	Possibly the best sushi I've had in Pennsylvania. I would go back to Pittsburg just to get sushi from Andys.
5	This place is a small stand within Wholey's, which is itself an awesome store of fresh seafood. The sushi rolls here are the BIGGEST I have ever seen! We've been twice as we are addicted to the Salmon and Mango roll. One roll ~ 3 rolls anywhere else and the fish is so fresh and clean. Andy also makes waiting fun and is always handing out samples. If you make it to the Strip District and like Sushi, this is a MUST!!!!
4	We wandered into Wholey's and stumbled across this little one man sushi stand in the middle if the floor. I asked people who had ordered of the sushi was good and they said it was the best they ever had, so even though I wasn't hungry and it was only 11am I decided I had to try it. The best part of the experience was the guy making the sushi- he was hilarious and entertaining us while we waited for our rolls. We wolfed down our order in the casual eating area upstairs. Had what I look for in a roll- Good quality fish and rice at just the right temperature and stickiness. Yum!
4	I've been eating Andy's sushi for several years now, but this is my first review. I have always enjoyed his sushi (and sick humor), and often bring out of town guests to his stand to enjoy his rolls. I've never felt like the sushi wasn't fresh, but I would agree the space he works in is cramped and doesn't always look, well, like an area where food is being prepared to look. Anyway, I've always enjoyed the rolls, especially because they are often nice and big. I hate a tiny roll, so Andy's generous portions can't be beat. Give him a try.
5	Seriously,best sushi in Pittsburgh. Freshest ingredients, huge portions and very reasonable pricing. And yeah, Andy gives free samples if you smile at him!
