4	A great group of workers and volunteers helping folks make it through a difficult economic environment.  Please know that this is a drop-off location and not a store. Well done Goodwill and thank you!
5	This is a fantastic donation center, and Goodwill is a wonderful charity.I've been cleaning out Club Scotchdale (aka my house) and getting rid of many old items (books, clothes, shoes and a laptop). I loaded up my car, and made my trek up to this location.As soon as I pulled up, a very nice attendant came out and unloaded my car for me, and kindly gave me a receipt for my donations.This is a drop-off only location, so if you are looking to make a purchase, try the location on 32nd and Thomas.Keep Goodwill in mind when you need to get some old stuff off your hands. They really help people get through tough times by putting people back to work, and helping those with little job skills to get the training that they need.P.S. If you are donating a computer, please make sure to format to backup then format your hard drive.
5	Need to get rid of a few old kick-knacks?  Some old clothes or an eyesore of a machine?  No worry, drop it off to Goodwill donation Center. The location is extremely convenient, located in the southwest corner of the Fry's center; it's even open until 6 pm on Sundays.   All you need to do is pull up and wait for an attendant to come out to your car.  No hassle.  Need a receipt?  Then you re on your way...
4	Not a thrift store fan in general, but they have 50% off Saturdays every other Saturday, I believe. I went to look for a second monitor for working from home occasionally and ended up paying $3.50 for a perfectly working small flat screen monitor and cables. Cannot beat that. I was very excited. The place itself is kind of smelly though and not very pleasant looking. I have been in there a couple of times now and I feel like thrift stores are more and more packed with very old, dirty items. Also, half off Saturday means it is packed in there. All registers were working and lines were crazy long. One man's trash is another man's treasure I guess.
