4	We came here around 9pm and had to wait about 30 min for a table.  There was 4 of us, so the wait wasn't too bad.  We were seated, our drink orders were taken very quickly.  We waited a bit for our order to be taken.  But it was very busy.  The three of us ordered the $12.99 prime rib dinner.  Comes with a salad or soup, baked potato, green beans, huge piece of prime rib and either a beer or root beer.  My bf said the beer was pretty good and I loved to root beer.  This place is really really busy because the prices are so cheap.  The service itself kind of sucked, but it was very busy and not many servers there.  It did take a while to get our check, but my tummy was happy so I had some patience.The parking lot here is pretty small. The casino itself is pretty smokey because it's an older one.  And there seems to be karaoke there every night.  Some people were good and others made my ears bleed.  But I guess that's something that always happens during karaoke.  If you're in the area, you have to try this place out for some good cheap food.
2	This cafe is where you will find every Vegas cab driver eating breakfast. Next time I want steak and eggs I will make sure not to ask a taxi driver lol Walked in with my 2 female friends around 7 am ( after dancing all night) and immediately we realized we were the only ladies in there surrounded by tables filled with cab men. It was quite an interesting dining experience. It was taxi cab confessions, all the men were discussing crazy cab stories so we just sat back and silently chuckled. The steak and eggs for $5.99 was worth the price...nothing to rave about. The waitress was friendly and you can tell she deals with these cab guys on a daily. The silver wear was DIRTY...like pretty nasty looking. I felt very awkward sitting in that cafe at that time, we were pretty much starred at our entire meal...as if we didn't belong. I'm going to let the locals keep this place as their gem and I'll continue my search for steak and eggs elsewhere.
4	On our first of two visit to this restaurant, my wife ordered the cinnamon vanilla French (Texas) toast.  I ordered my usual easy over eggs, home fries and wheat toast. The home fries here are just amazing - crispy with a soft center.  Our server was funny and very good.  On our second visit of the trip we each ordered easy over eggs, hash browns and wheat toast.  Everything was cooked to perfection and our server, big Steve, provided excellent service as always.
3	Honestly, I've had better. Way better. Ellis Island is off the strip and can be difficult to get a taxi back from, the seating is your typical sticky wooden tables, and the steak is usually overcooked and by no means great quality.But for some reason, every Vegas trip of mine has to include a drunken trip here at 4 am for $5.99 steak and eggs. Sometimes 2 in 1 night for those friends of mine that are so drunk they forgot they went the first time around. And for the price, your drunk self will be happy eating the home style fries and soaking up the runny egg yolk with some buttered toast. I sure am every time.
4	Love this place! Yummy food at an unbeatable price. A local favorite.
5	I got this down now! $5.99 Steak and Eggs special from 11Pm until 11AM. Everyone comes here for that. Ellis has the best steak and eggs in town! Nowhere else compares to their steak and eggs. The steak is a good, non-cheap quality piece of meat. It's tender, not dry. Eggs are eggs, not really hard to mess up. Unlike most other places, the hash browns are little chunks instead of the traditional kind. I actually really don't like the traditional hash browns. Ellis Island has a crispy outside and soft inside potato cubes. I LOVE IT! I wipe out the potatoes every time I'm here whereas I would hardly even touch the hash browns at another restaurant. My usual choice is steak medium, eggs over easy, and white toast. However, I think I'll switch over to sourdough my next visit. The service can be slow when they're busy but it's still worth eating here. The hotel itself is a little run down but don't let it scare you away. It's also off the strip but I'm telling you, BEST STEAK AND EGGS!
4	I usually come here once or twice per Vegas trip.  The "unadvertised" steak special is awesome.  It comes with a free beer or rootbeer, and I used to be able to get a soft drink instead, but the last few times the waiter said they need to charge for sodas.Up until coming here, I hated green beans.  The green beans that come with the steak special are great. The salad is pretty good too.  The fries are hit-or-miss.  Sometimes they are really good, but most of the time they aren't.  The baked potato is OK.The wait time can sometimes suck.  I always make sure to get a match play coupon for blackjack.  I end up winning over half the time.
5	Ellis Island is a local dive that's been around FOREVER, and they're mostly known for their karaoke. I used to hang out there back in the day when I worked at the MGM (because they used to let casino employees drink FOR FREE (!!!!! Can you imagine!!!! I can't believe I didn't get a DUI until 2010.) Then for awhile, there was talk of imploding poor old Ellis Island for another douchey high-rise condo tower -- which thankfully, a little something called the Recession put the kibosh to! So Ellis Island still squats in squalor, in the shadow of the Strip (it's on Koval Lane, for all you non-locals...check it out!).Either way, I'm here to tell you that the cafe here has an AMAZING steak special -- around $8 or so for a big-ass (8 oz or so) filet, with salad, green beans and a baked potato. PLUS a beer is included...but I hate beer, so I had a glass of wine (which cost extra, but not much). I thought the $7.77 steak special at Mr. Lucky's in the Hard Rock was good (and it really is)...but if you like beer, Ellis Island is the better deal. (But if you like fake tits and poseurs, then Hard Rock is the better deal for you.)Aside from the steak special, they also serve typical Vegas cafe fare: breakfast, sandwiches, chicken-fried strippertits, etc. Something for everyone.One caveat: every cheapass in town comes here, so if you go at regular mealtimes, there can be quite a wait. My advice is to do like me: sleep til noon, drink black coffee and bitch about stuff online til 5, hit the gym/go to work/run errands (whatever you have to do that particular day) til about 10...then head to Ellis for dinner at 11.  Hey, it's open 24 hours!
5	BEST STEAK N EGGS! $5.99 for a good sized steak, two eggs, home fries, and some toast? That's a steal! (11PM-11AM)This place is a must for some late night grubbing! Not alot of people know about it but it's right behind the strip near Bally's and MGM. A must go to place if you need some food to soak up the alcohol after a night of partying.
3	I've been to Ellis Island a handful of times I can count. Recently I decided perhaps I would try their much raved about cheap and yummy breakfast served at their cafe with my sister in tow. She was staying at The Signature at MGM so Ellis Island was very close by.When we arrived the cafe was busy. Not busy enough for us to not be seated quickly though. Our waitress came by and we were ready to order. There's not much to the breakfast menu, so you don't have a lot to mull over. I ordered the Denver omelet and my sister ordered the french toast with bacon. The prices are quite cheap, but not dirt cheap.The wait wasn't long. Our food arrived rather quickly considering how many people there were in the place. My food was placed in front of me and I knew then why the food was that quick. I realize a Denver omelet isn't a gourmet meal, but mine looked meh. The green peppers were diced very small. The ham looked as though it had definitely come packaged and sliced into small bits. It tasted meh and it was a bit hard for my tastes. It certainly wasn't a nice, fluffy, soft omelet. The potatoes on the side were overcooked, but okay - nothing special. My sister didn't feel good by the time our food came out, so she didn't eat her french toast. I'm not sure if it was good or not. Since we had to retreat quickly since she wasn't feeling well I was able to flag down the server quickly and get our reciept. I think she sensed our urgency and was quick about it, so at least that was nice of her. The service, to me, was better than the food. Maybe I'll just stick to karaoke here and the beer and Metro Pizza every once and awhile.
4	Our last morning in Vegas and we decided to go to another Yelp recommended place for breakfast.  Steak and eggs, potatoes and toast for $5.99.  What a deal!  We were greeted by Lucy.  She is a sweety!  Very friendly and took very good care of us.  Steak was a large piece of new york strip.  Very tasty and cooked to perfection.  The cafe is very quaint and the inside of the casino and cafe is very nicely decorated.  (you wouldn't think so from what you see on the outside.)  Worth checking out!
4	Two words .. STEAK and EGGS !They have an amazing steak and eggs deal here for $5.99 between 11PM and 11AM. It's great for any cheap late night/early morning cravings when you're in the city that never sleeps. Ellis Island Cafe is located in ... you guessed it! Ellis Island Casino and Brewery. The place is definitely a bit run down and it definitely shows. It's a fairly small casino which is found near the corner of Koval Ln. and Flamingo Rd. Inside the casino, Ellis Island Cafe is just called "Cafe". The $5.99 special isn't really advertised on the menu, except written on a small chalk board by the hostess. I'm definitely a huge fan of the steak and eggs here (which you can probably already tell). The steak is definitely delicious (however don't be expecting quality compared to Gordon Ramsay Steak). They also serve potato cubes instead of hash browns which I absolutely enjoy. The service here can be a bit slow at times, and is a "hit or miss". I've came here and had some of the best service ever, as well as waiters that never came back to help us. Overall, $5.99 steak and eggs really can't be beat!
4	The only times I've come here is usually before the drive back to LA on Sunday morning after you have checked out of your hotel which means you make it on time for their special $5.99 Steak and Eggs. Place is usually busy during these times but it's well worth waiting for the Steak and Eggs special. You can just go play $5 blackjack tables or watch Sunday football during the nfl season if you need to wait. You get your steak which is decent and of course not the best but it will do. Also comes with your choice of eggs, toast and potatoes. Good combination and food for just $5.99. Just typing this makes me hungry and craving for this the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	REVIEW: for the BBQ RestaurantI love their new move from that small area to a much bigger room - so that it's more of a restaurant now and can fit a lot more people. In the past, I always came at 3pm to get a number so that I'm one of the first few to enter when they open at 4pm. Now, there's really no need to anymore because of their upgraded location.You must get an Ellis Island players' club card to get their discounted rates ($10 freeplay if it's your first time). Well worth it. Print the coupon at the kiosks near the Players' Club and you're all set. They've also got a rule of 21+ to enter the restaurant but I've never been carded.. yet.They've got:$12.99 Full Rack of Ribs$8.99 Half Rack of Ribs$10.99 Combo chicken & ribs$7.99 Half BBQ chickenI love their racks of ribs :0). And if you get the combo platter, it's a big portion! Half racks might not be good for the boys, but the combos are for sure fulfilling.
4	How do you discern between being satisfied when you're starved after a night of imbibing adult beverages and an objective assessment of the quality of the food? Does it really just come down to utilities and our perceived value? Is it all just subjective and we fool ourselves into thinking that we are all perfect food critics?Either way, Ellis Island was exactly what the doctor ordered at 5am. Starved and in need of nourishment in the desert oasis known as "Vegas," almost nothing in the world sounded better than some steak and eggs. My only reasonable comparison is Wild Bills, and this was much better for about the same price. The steak was twice as thick and the potatoes were unlike anything I've had - I'd liken them to little french fry ball nuggets. I'm not sure if that's a thing or not, but that's the only way I can think to describe it. The eggs and bread you ask? Well it's kind of hard to screw that up, and they were par for the course.Seven orders for less than $50? I can't complain. I didn't get sick, I was completely satisfied, and it was stupid cheap. Plus the food was better than Wild Bills. I'd go back, but if it weren't convenient, I wouldn't go out of my way for it. The walk back to our hotel on the strip at 6am (at 28 degrees..) wasn't worth it. But we weren't exactly thinking ahead at that time.Cliffs notes: Best steak and eggs for ~$6, not exactly convenient though.
5	GREAT EATS! Waiter and Waitresses were amazing and so accommodating! Food...AWESOME..price even better! We came to vegas for 3 days and we came back here twice just to eat! Great Great Place for simple meal!
4	Found this place through YELP, while on a 3-day/2-night stay in Vegas with the bf.  Kind of a seedy looking area, and in a really small casino, but what a deal on the $5.99 steal and eggs special!  It's true, the special isn't on the menu, but stopped in after 11:00 pm, and the server confirmed the deal.Great deal, good food, quick and friendly service!  Also, beer is only $2.  And listening to the drunkards karaoke at the bar next to the cafe is free entertainment.  Haha!
2	Came here for some egg nog. As famous as it is, I guess I prefer homemade egg nog of the custard-y variety. There wasn't enough "egg-y-ness" in it and I felt that the alcohol overpowered the drink.Service was a little hit/miss. Our waitress was friendly enough, but she disappeared for over half an hour when we wanted to order something else.
4	I had breakfast here and was impressed with the ham and eggs. Thinking I could only get a small portion of ham, I received a slice of ham larger than the bottom of the to-go container, eggs, potato bites, and a separate container with 4 buttered slices of toast. I hear they have a $8 dollar steak deal with a promotional coupon. I definitely will return.
4	Was just driving around and saw the reviews.  This place was better than we expected. Very nice little pub and the food was excellent for the price. They have sports on and a kareoke pub too.  Seems to be a local favorite.
5	Steak and Eggs Special will draw you in after a night of parting but the continued deals and the quality of food will bring you back again and and again. It's so worth the price of $6.99; make sure to ask the waiter for the special. The home fries/potatoes are amazingly wonderful. In fact the whole menu is worth a look when you're not inebriated or on your way out of town. It's a very LOCALS location and it is right next to a cheapo hotel. But I love a bargain and I love good food and this is the place to go! It's open 24-hours and you have the benefit of being able to play some slots that are cheap and fun either before or after you eat.I can guarantee that you will not be disappointed and a trip to Vegas in my mind is incomplete without my steak and eggs at least once.
1	I was so excited to check this place out, was told this was the best breakfast in Las Vegas! Walked in, the place was certainly not fresh and new, could use a facelift but had the food been good that would have been a small price to pay, BUT... we ordered a corn-beef hash breakfast and what should have been a simple bacon and cheese omelet. My omelet was to come with three ingredients so that would have been bacon, cheese and I asked for avocado. I asked if they would substitute tomato slices for the potatoes and was told absolutely! I am not a fan of runny eggs so I asked that they make sure the eggs were done, again was told absolutely no problem. Our breakfast arrived quickly and our waitress had been attentive, so far so good! I cut into my omelet and runny egg spread over my plate. I summoned the waitress and showed her the eggs,  she promptly took it back to the kitchen, what came back out was a horror story, each half of the omelet had been "grilled" hard, put back together in two pieces and new cheese melted over the top! I asked for the manager and the omelet was removed from our bill, at that time she asked about the other meal, the corn-beef hash, which incidentally seemed to just be sliced from a can (still in perfect can sized circles) it certainly wasn't made in house! We stated it was "ok" but edible. We received our bill and indeed the omelet had been removed but I had been charged almost $5.00 for avocado and tomato slices, needless to say it was another manager call back.  I am not a fan of Ellis Island Cafe and would certainly not return or recommend it to anyone visiting Vegas.
4	Just had breakfast here with my mom,dad and wife- was good and cheap, I had the $5.95 steak and eggs, wife had biscuits and gravy with a side of corn beef hash patties. We both thought it was tasty, but the selling point is it's cheap here, right on Koval behind all the major Casinos. Will be back on future visit to Vegas.
4	I love this place.  It's been around since Jesus was a child.  The food is amazing for the price.  I had Steak & Egg's with Hash Browns,  OJ & Coffee for $9.  The steak was tender and rare just the way I like it.  My go-to place whenever I'm in Vegas.  Warning - If you're bothered by cigarette smoke, you may want to avoid but if you can handle it, the food is so worth it.
5	This isn't the best place for food in Vegas, but it is THE best place for this type of food. The old school dining room is quintessential of what Las Vegas used to be 30 or 40 years ago and I'm sure nothing's changed through the years.We've been coming here forever -- in fact, each time we've ever visited Vegas. Check my reviews for the Ellis Island Brewery of previous visits.The thing to have is Steak & Eggs and after 11pm I think it is a mere $5.99. The steak dinner is $11.99 or $8.99 with a coupon and includes a piece of filet mignon, green beans and a baked potato. A soup or salad accompanies.French toast is only $3.99.This is the place to come if you've lost all your winnings and only have a few bucks in your pocket and wanted some decent food.I highly suggest ordering one of their home brews. I love the stout and at around $2.50 it is one of the best deals around. And it's delicious too.A favorite with me and now, my friends.
4	Taxi guy brought us here cause we were starving after being out all night and drunk. He even ate at the table next to us with his buddies cause its a local spot I guess. He told us we needed to order the steak and eggs which isnt on the menu. Nice 6oz steak with hashed potatoes, two eggs, and toast. Its was pretty much something I can make at home. Overall quality was good and tasty. When the bill came out to 12 dollars I was so shocked at how cheap it was. $5.99 per plate. Ended up tipping our waitress a 5 just cause they were robbing me like the rest Vegas.
5	Myself and 3 buddies were on a three day trip to Vegas. I had looked up Ellis Island on the Internet before we left and it was about 1/3 of a mile from the Flamingo, where we were staying, Ellis is a little off the Strip, but felt perfectly safe.  It is located next to a 7-11, so if you want to pick up a beer on the way back to the Strip, it makes it easy.Ellis has a morning steak and eggs special with home-style potatoes and 2 slices of toast. A heck of a deal, and the steak is actually really good and the eggs I got were a perfect sunny side up. Not too runny. Ellis also brews their own beer, I got the IPA every time, plus you get a huge pilsner glass of it for $2.25. They also have a light, a stout, an amber and a hefeweizen.  Plus they have To-go cups. Score!We ate here about 4 times, but it was too late for the breakfast special so I got the chicken Phillie hoagie, again, really well made. Lots of flavorful onions and peppers with juicy chicken and I got a $3 side salad with blue cheese, which hit the spot.Our service was fantastic every time. We even had the same waitress three times. This place is a solid five star for what it is. Old school Vegas eating with quality food and cheap prices.  I usually got the breakfast special and 2 beers, and with tip it ran about $12 every time!Each time we went at night, it was a 40 minute wait to get seated, so Ellis also has a pizza place and an awesome hoagie shop, both were very good back up plans!Lots of laughs on a great trip with cheap, great food and beer!
4	I'm surprised this place doesn't have more reviews, but I think they're in there with the actual casino.Ellis Island Cafe is a local spot and a tourist's dream, especially if you're on a budget. I eat at Ellis Island at least once whenever I'm in Vegas. It's affordable and always open. I was just in Vegas last week and heard it might not be open 24 hours anymore, so I would double check that.Everything is delicious! I loveeeee the Chicken Fried Steak, especially for breakfast. I've also had their salads, pasta dishes, and sandwiches. Everything is amazing!The service is suuuper slow, otherwise I would've given them five stars.
3	It is a rare trip that we don't have breakfast at this restaurant.  On this trip we had our usual orders of cinnamon French Toast for my wife and easy over eggs with wheat toast and breakfast potatoes for me.  Both dishes were very good as was the service.
3	This place is located behind the strip and isnt the safest looking area. My friends and I went because we saw the advertisement they had for $3.99 steak, which I believe was actually changed to $5.99 or something. It was good eats for a 4am meal. I'm a fan of 24hr eateries.Its located inside a casino and there's also a brewery inside the casino which we accidentally went into, so dont get confused, it's the cafe at the right corner of the casino.There were two guys asleep on the bench where you wait for a table. There wasnt a long wait but they dont seat you until everyone from your party is there.So overall, the food was pretty good but not AMAZINGLY good. We waited for maybe 15minutes after having the cashier call a cab. It's not on the Vegas strip so there's not a line of cabs waiting for you. But keep in mind, I went at 4am so it might be different at different hours of the day--- or night? lol
4	The place for breakfast. Evrything is great nad prices are really very resonable. They have steak and egg specials, yummy. Love thier french toast, and omelets, Always clue in  my friends that are visting.  Dinners are very good also. A jewel near the strip.
4	Great price for late night STEAK AND EGGS! The steak special was New York steak, which was cooked and seasoned well. The eggs were tasteless to me, but I just loaded it up with Tabasco. Potatoes were deep fried and kinda dry, but ketchup can fix that. Oh, I didn't want toast so the waiter was nice enough to get me garlic green beans (overcooked, but nicely garlicky) instead. Overall, you get a tad bit more than what you pay for, but prices and convenience for time is just AWESOME!
5	all i can say is....off the hook!!! the barbeque is the best and for the price....we had dinner-1/2 slab and 1/2 chicken for 2 $30.00.  it was great!!!  i will always return when i am i town.
5	Awesome, awesome price for Las Vegas!  Our family stayed at Bally's and the Cafe was just a short walk from our hotel.  The portion sizes are LARGE.  They are usually very busy because of all the good reviews and services.  So get there early!  We had the same waitress twice while we were there.  She was very warm and nice.  My husband had the bigger ham steak for breakfast he's ever had here!
5	If you can arrange for transportation off the strip, Ellis Island Cafe and the Casino are well worth your visit! They have deals for people who initiate a player's card so that you can get something like $5-10 off a full rack of ribs meal. The ribs were fantastic too! I also love how I could have spent all day at the nickle video poker machines with my $5... nice and easy gambling is much more my style.  So why pay $30 for the breakfast buffet when you can come over a couple blocks and enjoy a nice and large lunch for way less? Best value for your buck in Vegas.
4	The $9 Steak special is still the best deal in Las Vegas (for Slot Club Card Holders).For the price of joining the slot club (and going through the process of going on a kiosk and getting a slip) you and anyone in your party can get a $9 steak special which includes: a cooked to order steak, choice of potato, green beans, salad, and craft brewed beer or root beer (the root beer is yummy).  This is the type of disappearing good deal on food that used to be a hallmark of Las Vegas and is disappearing.  In addition, Ellis Island also has pretty good breakfasts that range from a pretty good Steak & Eggs to good omlettes (my friend and I both had the omlettes this year).Best value in Las Vegas.
4	I was told that this place has some cheap and good steak and eggs. For $9.99 you can get a nice steak piece, toast, two eggs, and some house seasoned fried potatoes. My steak was cooked to a medium and was juicy. The potatoes were well seasoned and the eggs were done right. There isn't really too much to complain and I've had some other steak and egg places in Las Vegas.. This place definitely has to be one of the top ones. Apparently, Ellis Island Cafe used to sell there steak and eggs at a cheaper price (it used to be $5-$7?) and now it is at $9.99. Definitely better than Bill's Gambling Hall steak and eggs. I would come back for a late night dinner/breakfast after a night of partying. This place will hit the spot.
3	We ordered breakfast in the Cafe and waited and waited. At first we noticed no one seemed to be receiving their orders, but then food was delivered to 2 tables that arrived after us. My wife had a massage appointment nearby and with time running out we advised our waitress were leaving.  Later in the trip, we returned for dinner but there was a wait so we opted for dinner service in the karaoke lounge.  We both ordered entrees of wild coho salmon which came with garlic green beans, rice pilaf and a house salad.  The singular negative was the salmon was overdone and dry. A rating of 2.5 is appropriate for our meal.
5	Visited at Lunch and the service was still very good. I tried the Chicken Fried Chicken and I will try it again. It was very good. Lots of really good food for an excellent price.
4	We came here because of the good reviews...and everything we read is absolutely true!First, great food and good selection of it.  If you sign up for the club card, you get coupons for an incredible deal:  Big, thick steak, mashed potatoes and green beans, and a 20 ounce beer - all for $8.99.  One club card covers your party so bring a friend!Even better, this is not a one-special, take-it-or-leave-it place like many on the strip.  Many other meals are reasonably priced - more than we could sample, actually.   Other people in my group had the chicken fried steak and the chicken fried chicken, and both were reasonably priced.  We went back the next day and I had the steak special but split that with a friend who ordered the club sandwich, which was packed full of ham and turkey and just enough bacon.  It's a microbrewery too and all 20-oz beers are $2.25.  I had the dark lager the first time and the hefe weis the second, both good.I gambled video poker "Jacks or Better" and had a nice long string followed by a modest hit.  While I won a modest amount, more notably the machines are set so you don't lose your money fast.  You can have fun playing and having drinks. We will absolutely be back here on our future trips to Vegas.
3	I remember coming here solely for their $7.99 Steak Special (Steak, Green Beans, Mashed Potato/Rice/Fries, Soup/Salad, Beer/Rootbeer) on their SECRET menu. The special was by word of mouth, so it was a special treat. But now that they advertise it & require you to be a card member, I think they sacrificed quality over quantity.Steak used to be so moist, tender and juicy but now that they probably rack out so much steak every day, lately I've been having super dry steak. You used to be able to order Caesar Salad with the special, but now you have to order it separately for almost $9, which is more expensive than the special and lastly, the price went up as well. Honestly, I wanna love this place again. Hopefully they do improve their quality of food soon so it can remain the best deal for steak in town.
5	Their prime rip was very good.   It is only $13.99.
3	I've always loved this local spot for cheap old school style Vegas deals. However, this last time I came back, the service was really slow,  and the deals are not as good anymore. They still have the steak special, but you need to sign up for a member card and receive a coupon, which is a hassle and not open to everyone anymore I guess.
5	SETTING: A group of us went here after a long night of dancing and having fun. It was about 3:00 AM on a Friday night (& July 4th weekend!)AMBIANCE: Spacious! There was plenty of room in between tables. Other guests were there, but it wasn't crowded. There are also some booths for extra-comfy seating.DISH: All 6 of us got the Steak & Eggs special. For the $6 price, it filled us up nicely! Some of us couldn't finish all the potatoes or bread, because they give a generous amount. They handed the bread separately in baskets and some of us actually forgot to get our bread, but we were full by the time we realized we didn't eat it.SERVICE: Service was friendly and he came by often to give us updates about our dishes.OVERALL: I'd come here for late night munchies again!
5	Best karaoke spot I've ever been to in Vegas!I went here with a co-worker and my fiance at the time, the night before our wedding. Talk about a fantastic way to relax and have fun before our big day. We had a blast. I am no karaoke queen and I'm sure I sounded terrible but there was absolutely no judgment.  No matter who was sitting around us, we ended up chatting and getting to know people, because everyone there just wanted to have fun. Can't wait to go back and do it again.
1	If you like the food here, you are probably drunk. I ordered the Alaskan Salmon with garlic lemon seasoning, which came with tartar sauce... I've never seen tartar sauce served with salmon, so that should have been my first warning. I took a bite and it was soooo dry and tough. What a waste of good fish! I traded my green beans for corn, which was obviously from a can, and the rice pilaf was quite bland. I thought maybe I ordered the wrong thing so I sent it back and ordered fish and chips instead. Wrong. The fish and chips came out and it just tasted like a ball of grease. Hubby ordered the prime rib and said it was "edible, but not amazing". The waitress was sweet, but not very attentive. We never received refills. We were hoping that despite the appearance of this place, the food would be decent, because we had heard good things about the food in the pub. Perhaps that food is better, but we had our baby with us and couldn't eat in there. Also, the high chair we received had a broken belt, so baby ended up sitting on my lap.All I know is, Gordon Ramsey would have been royally ticked.
2	Got a tip from a co-worker that this was the place to go for a reasonably priced dinner in Vegas.  He also made allusions to picking up the tab to sweeten the deal.  Fine.  As they say in Vegas, I'm all in.The cafe is tucked into the back of the Ellis Island Casino and Brewery, which is off the Strip just southeast of the Westin Hotel on Flamingo.  A three minute walk from there.  Once your eyes adjust from the glare outside to the darkness inside, the first thing that hits you is the cigarette stink.  Hey, it's Vegas, I know.  It's a casino, I know.  And this place is a throwback, I know.  I get it.  But god almighty, the place reeked of stale Marlboros long since converted to ash and emphysema.Classic (some call it 'retro') vinyl booths and simple 4 place wood tables at which to dine.  Do not expect antiseptic cleanliness, however.  Everything I touched just kinda felt grimy.  Server took his time showing up to our table.  He was nice enough, but really slow.  Looking around, I saw LV bus drivers at one table, plenty of retirees, a cop or two and just a few random tourists in pleated shorts, t-shirts and sandals.  It's a local place, for sure.Yep, the "off the menu" steak special is still there.  But you need to have the players card and a coupon to get it now.  Still, $8.99 for a hunk of meat, green beans, spud, salad and beer is a pretty good deal.  My co-worker ordered that.  I ordered the fish and chips with a salad and beer.First, the beer was good.  I had a Hefe.  Coworker said his IPA was tasty as well.  SIde salad was typical iceberg with cherry tomato and croutons.  At least it was fresh.Coworker said his steak was "great".  He didn't finish it, though.  Which kinda struck me as odd.  It wasn't like it was so gargantuan that he needed a stomach pump or a bucket, he just decided to take it back to his hotel room to "have it for breakfast".  Whatever.My fish and chips was impressive looking.  3 huge slabs of freshly made cod, dipped and deep fried resting on a generous bed of 'chips'--you know, thick cut french fries.  But...the fish was really greasy (and kinda dry, alas) and the chips were soggy--all of them.  No amount of lemon, malt vinegar, tartar sauce or ketchup could save what really was a balloon angioplasty in a basket.  I rarely have fish and chips, but the menu said that it was one of the 'house specialties'.  I didn't come close to finishing because the grease really was overpowering.So...some greasy food served up in a cigarette stank house where you sit on vinyl booths that stick as you move around.  Bottom line: good beer, it's cheap (for Vegas), old-school throwback cheesy (it's Vegas) and certainly will fill your gut, if that's what you want, and if you disregard what your cardiologist might say--and hold your nose for the stink.  As they say, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, indeed.  Keep it there.  I won't be back.
4	If you drive by this cafe/casino you would think what a dump. Once you get inside you will still think what a dump! Now on to the food and customer service. Ellis Island was recommended by a bellman at the Wynn. Yes a bellman at the Wynn. He said, "you're going to wonder why I would send you to a seedy casino for breakfast but it is really delicious, priced nicely and they serve breakfast 24hrs a day".Ellis Island is always the must stop hang over breakfast before heading out of Fabulous Las Vegas. They have steak and eggs specials and make your own omelets deals. The service is fast, friendly and I have never left disappointed. Love it!
3	I've passed by this place but I've never been the adventurous type in Vegas to try these off the strip places. Friends took me to this place for a cheap lunch. The parking lot is combined with a motel but plenty of open spots. Inside you'll find a combination of casinos, a bbq restaurant, a bar, and ellis island cafe at the far corner.First impression, don't have any expectations coming in and you'll enjoy this place. Decor is old and dingy but that's what you can expect. Servers are nice and the food came out in decent time.They are known for steak and eggs which I got. My steak was medium and came out pretty much perfect, very tender inside and still a bit red. As for the bread, potatoes, and eggs, they are very typical you'd find at any diner, nothing special. My friend got the lunch special with the meat patty 50% bacon and 50% beef. He didn't like that at all. My other friend got chicken steak which was a really nice portion.Overall good place for a cheap lunch, I would come back.
4	Best breakfast for your buck in Vegas, hands down.  Over Labor Day weekend, I spent three straight mornings here.  Seriously, eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast for a few bucks!  The steak and eggs for just a buck or two more.  Drinks were really cheap too.  This place reeks of a bygone era in Vegas.  I loved the ambiance.  Next conference to Vegas, pretty sure this is where I am having breakfast each morning.
5	The ONLY reason you need to come here :THE Steak Special ($8.99) : Includes choice of house beer or root beer and side! This is THE best steak in town anywhere near its price point!  It's a thick 2in cut LEAN beast that you can eat end to end...no fat on it.All the beers including the amazing root beer is made in house, and are stupid CHEAP...$2 for a tall.  This makes the Steak ONLY $7, and I'd eat this everyday before spending a Jackson at a Denny's or similar.  It's good enough to eat without steak sauce, and it was cooked perfectly last time I was here.They make you use a PLAYER'S CARD to get the special now though, so make sure you print out your coupon for it while you're there!  Of course, it's free to sign up...my friend did it while we were waiting for our order to arrive to the table.It's in the DIVE known as Ellis Island though, so make your way past all the smoke and poor karaoke vibrating through the walls, and eat your cheap a$$ steak and enjoy it!Check it out!
4	In days gone by Vegas was known as the best place to get a great steak for less than $10. Ellis Island Cafe may be the last place in Sin City where this is still true.Of course - don't expect a five Michelin Star dining experience. We're talking about a low end Casino restaurant. However adjusting our expectations to this venue, here's the scoop.1. Before you go, sign up - via internet - for the Ellis Island players club card. (It's free) This gets you $4 off the already low price, $10 free chips to play, and a free beer with your meal.2. DONT stand in line to eat at the Cafe. Either; eat in the BBQ cafe (cheaper and good, no wait) or ask to eat in the bar. (Same food, no wait)3. Place is dark, dimly lit. Smells like a college bar. (Deal with it)That said:  The steak special is a good value for the price.A good 8 oz. boneless filet, perfectly char broiled. A good baked potato with butter / sour cream. Pretty good green beans. (Not canned) A descent bowl of soup. (Clam chowder when I visited) plus a pint of house brewed beer.  All for less than $10.Steak had good taste and very little fat. Not fork tender but I eat it all. Soup was ok. Potato & veggies were acceptable.The best "cheap" steak in Vegas? Yes... yes it is.
4	Two words: steak special.  Tucked away in the smokey corner of Ellis Island is the cafe which serves up one of the best steak deals in Vegas. Its sort of a poorly kept secret but for 8.99 you get a great cut of steak with all of the fixings, a house salad, and a microbrew or house root beer.  Most places featuring steak specials serve up a thin fatty NY strip but not Ellis. The steak is lean thick cut, pretty surprising for the price. The cafe also features daily specials, steak n eggs and a few other standard offerings. One of the best things about Ellis Island is that they feature their own microbrewery. They have about 5 different beers brewed on location for around $2 bucks. You get a 22oz draft with your meal or you can trade it in for a fresh root beer. The 'hefe-weiss' I had was refreshing and tasty, no IPA though =(. In order to get the special at the cafe you have to sign up for the players card which isn't a big deal. During my last trip, there was a ridiculously long wait, 1+ hour despite half the tables being empty... go figure, so just call ahead to make sure you can get a seat.
4	Definition of a locals place. I got the steak and shrimp only 11.49. You won't find a better deal for that in Vegas. The shrimp were huge and fried perfectly. The medium rare steak literally melted in my mouth. Service was nice and quick. Only think I don't like is that they don't do separate checks an the horseradish is awful.
4	You gotta love a place that has good food at great prices. Compared to the strip this place is heaven!! It's open 24/7. Friendly servers. Not a lot of parking.I hade the southern fried chicken and my mother had a short stack with a ham steak. The short stack/ham steak was four dollars!!! Nuf said!
4	The wait was 20 minutes which we expected during mid morning on a saturday. The menu is perfect for groups. We tried the prime rib with green beans and a baked potato. It was tender and good, but they didnt have any creamy horseradish at the time. We ordered the fish and chips because the hostess said it was very popular. It was tasty, but the fries were not hot and the fish was soggy. Great tartar sauce. The homemade Rootbeer was very tasty. I would come back here with a group for breakfast definitely.
4	This place is popular. Great breakfast value.  I had the steak and eggs, french toast.  I love their country potatoes... so good. The only thing I didn't like was that you can smell the cigarette smoke from the casino, but what do you expect  since the cafe is in the casino.
5	Eat here almost every time I stay in Vegas. Cheap and good! Had the steak special for the first time and was not disappointed. I also tried the eggnog for $6.00 a glass and boy was it strong. Glad I ate something with it or I would have been hung over big time. Love the breakfast and usually get the French toast. Customer service is good and there is always a line so never go when you're starving.
4	When in need of sustenence, especially after a flight where you were served more of a snack than an actual meal, this is a good place to go to get your grub on.After arriving at LAS, grabbing our rental car and dropping off our luggage, we headed here based off a fellow traveler's recommdation.Wade through the slot machines and smoke and you will find the restaurant. The steak and eggs special is what we all ordered, which was an good deal for $5.99, plus french toast with bacon. I really wanted to try the prime rib, but they were out :(The portions definitely filled us up and gave us a mini kanak attack. The steaks were juicy and cooked well. Service was a little slow, but I'll just chalk that up to us coming in so late at night (although if you think about it, Vegas doesn't sleep, right?)
4	Cannot beat the Steak Special!!!!  $8.99 with players card!!!! If the dining room is too crowded, ask to sit in the bar area... the waitress there is always the same and she is such a doll!!!!  And the service is faster there as well!!!!
5	I try to come out to Vegas a couple of times a year, and Ellis Island Cafe is easily my favorite place to eat near the strip.  Its located right behind Bally's, and is an easy walk from the strip.  First off, the prices are amazing. For around $10 you can get a huge portion, good quality American meal.  I usually "splurge" and get the $13 prime rib which comes with a beer from their on-site brewery.  All of their home brews are delicious and an amazing value at ~$2-3.00 each.The waitstaff is always friendly and attentive.  I always make an attempt to try and find some new places to eat while I'm in Vegas, but eventually I always end up back at Ellis Island for a few meals every time I come out.
5	Our new hangout nice friendly service, awesome food and cheap beers brewed in house and descent loose slots. Amber brew  is a must try :)
3	After reading rave reviews about this place, I was excited to try this place out. I mean, steak and eggs for $9.99 seemed like a steal and a lot of the reviews seemed to insinuate that it was tasty as well. Now there may be a bit of a wait, if you're with a big group. We waited about 20 minute for a group of 8 people, so that wasn't too bad. The waitress was was quick to take our drink orders and food orders. But damn, for the food to actually come out...it takes a while. When the steak and eggs came out, I was excited. I attacked the meat like a barbarian...but to no avail. My steak was very tough!! I asked for it medium rare and i was attacking the thing with my steak knife and it would not give! My brother's, however, was nice and bloody (he, too, had ordered medium rare). It's crazy the two steaks could differ so much.I got tired of wrestling with my steak, that after eating about half of it, I gave it to my brother. I think maybe next time i'll get their prime rib instead (if there is a next time). I'd much rather pay more to have a tastier, more tender, and juicier piece of steak rather than eating a huge chunk of jerky for less.
5	A must visit place for me whenever I go to Vegas. I've probably tired every item on the menu and I can say that there isn't one thing on there that I don't think is yummy. I mean the food is superb, the prices are way low, and they have some of the best craft beers, so what else can I ask for in a diner? I would much rather eat here than at a casino buffet. My only suggestion is to come during odd hours like late afternoon for lunch or really late night for dinner as the wait can get pretty long.
4	Where else in Vegas can you get perfectly cooked Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon on a bed of rice with vegetables and soup or salad for $11.49??Ellis Island Cafe is off the beaten Vegas strip, only a block or two away, but is definitely worth checking out. The food in Vegas is pricey whereas fabulous shows are comparatively cheaper than what you'll find in places like NYC. Years ago, the opposite was true. The shows are amazing so if you're going to spend money in Vegas, I would suggest spending it on the shows, not the food (or more precisely, the restaurant overhead).To qualify my review, I've been to Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse, the Eiffel Tower Restaurant in the Paris Hotel, and Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. All are 4+ star restaurants and have some great food but so does Ellis Island Cafe although you'll find it at a fraction of the price. The difference is you're not paying for expensive overhead, or handsome servers with British accents.Ellis Island Cafe is a family restaurant with a Casino (of course) attached to it and the area might seem a bit sketchy but you are in Vegas, remember, and I'm sure you've seen sketchy if you've spent even a minute on the strip. No worries, once inside you'll feel like you've entered a time machine. Burgundy colored pleather high-back booths and antiquish framed artwork adorn the dark wood paneling on the walls. If you can get past that, you're well on your way to a delicious, satisfying meal at a very reasonable price.Excellent service, delicious food, great value. Kudos Ellis Island Cafe!
2	The last time I went here was 6 months ago. I went for breakfast this morning and regret doing so. I go here a lot just not usually for breakfast. I don't think  I will again. Bad food and even worse service! I still like the rib joint just won't try the cafe again!
3	Best place to go when me and everyone in my group is sh*t face drunk and want 5$ steak and eggs. Actually, it might be the ONLY place to go when one is incredibly intoxicated and blew every last dime gambling or drinking all night.
3	We had lunch here. Service not great; but worth the wait for exceptional steak and eggs. Price cheap by the new Vegas standard. If you like wheat beer, try the Hefe Weiss, it was very good.
5	Recommended for all out of towners on a budget. The food is amazing at a reasonable cost. Service is fantastic, servers are friendly. But there is quite a wait though so make sure you plan ahead. Well worth the wait
4	The clubs are closing. I'm starving, my feet are killing me, but I will drag myself to Ellis island for their steak and eggs combo if it kills me. It's worth it. The steak is just ok. It's what you should expect for the price. Passable. The eggs are.... Well, eggs. Not much to critique. The real star of the combo is actually not even in the name. It's the potatoes! I am in love with these breakfast potatoes! They're super crispy on the outside, almost like French fries -- the kind that leave an air bubble on the inside because they've blistered while crisping up. They get kudos for staying open late and extra brownie points for having cheap and tasty potatoes. I just wish the service could pick up the pace, and spruce the place up a bit will ya?
2	I maybe the only person in Vegas who doesn't care for this restaurant. I know! It's been around forever... I know! It's super cheap but it's just a diner with old people in it. LMAO! :PThe food is super basic however, the steak and eggs is the best thing on the menu and only $5.99. The home brews are good. My favorite was their IPA however, I thought it could use a bit more hops.
4	Had a great steak lunch here. Top Sirloin with French fries and green beans.For $8.99 you can't beat that.There is a wait,so make sure you place your name with the host first and then kill time at the slots.
5	Steak and eggs for $9.99 at any hour of the day?  I AM THERE!  Don't be fooled by the non-fancy interior/exterior... you won't be getting a piece of rubber steak here.  The sirloin is cooked to medium rare perfection. I really did not expect that for such a low price tag. Just a short taxi ride from the strip.... parallel to Las Vegas Blvd... behind Bally's hotel. Check it out yo.
5	All I need to say is $5.99 for steak and eggs. 6oz sirloin, eggs and hash browns for $5.99 is one of the best deals around and you do to have to sign up for a players card. The steak has a nice char on it. I'll be back for more.
4	The Berkshire 50/50 fucking burger! Yes I say it like that... I'm a burger connoisseur and this one made me happy. ;)))  Made with half ground beef, half ground bacon it's already perfect on paper booked and sold! I was drunk too so my quality standards may have lessened but I scarfed it down like with no pause, so that's meant it was good... I think?
4	My husband and I came here for prime ribs. Their prime rib is really good, much better than other restaurants in Vegas and better than buffet's prime rib. Our prime ribs came with potato, green beens, a cup of soup, and a 20-ounce fresh brewed beer for only $13.99. Great deal! The service was good and fast. Like other typical casinos, we had to wait about 30 minutes before being seated.  The reason I only give 4 stars for this restaurant is because we found one restaurant serving the best prime rib in our opinion in a small town of WY. So, no other steak restaurants can deserve a 5-star preview.
4	This is the definition of the American Diet. Huge portions for really heavy foods. Out of all the dishes we ordered, we really liked the philly cheesesteak sandwich and the fish&chips. We'd stay away from the steak & eggs. Huge portions here. Who doesn't want that in Vegas.
1	Not impressed by the seating staff, particularly the Manager. They might be to used to how Vegas customers are? Maybe they don't care because they get enough business they didn't need ours? Either way I felt really sorry for my sister and the situation we had come from here. We traveled from Riverside, Ca to celebrate the weekend with my niece for her 21st birthday. My sister kept assuring me she'd heard of this place Ellis Island that was to be fabulous. I went along with it even though, who the hecks even heard of this place? I took the family on a site seeing walk and joined them at the casino. I attemped to put our name in and was not accepted because of the amount of people in our party. What??? Who doesn't want business? Who doesn't want to work with an obviously anxious group? Who condones such behavior? Yes, we did travel in a group of 16 but when ever we've traveled before we've never been turned away. I will admit I didn't behave with the best of attitude either at this point because of the hostility and unwillingness to work with us. They were saying they only seat of to 8, and we could break into 2 groups but being seated up to 35 mins apart and not even on the same side. Really?After we were finally seated in 4 parties of 4, my party on the whole other side out of view of the rest of us, I asked for the manager! Let me tell you don't waste your time. He litterally told me he wouldn't of seated us and was trying to convey we should just be happy were seated. I had to leave, I couldn't contribute money into an place that treats customers like this. I left our family there and felt horrible for ruining what was to be my nieces 21st luncheon with her family from California-Utah...I had to taxi it back to the hotel since I had been on foot and was getting a ride back originally. And when you have a husband, 9 year old and 2 year old and try to get a taxi it really was the icing on the cake.So word to the wise, only go there if you have 4 or less because that seems all they like.
3	Cheap breakfast, decent food, slightly sketchy atmosphere (expected for an off-the-strip small casino). A group I guys I work with meet here on Fridays before work (anywhere from 2-16 of us). If you come for breakfast - ask to be seated in Veronica's section - she's the only one who handles our group well.Steak and egg special is hit and miss - somedays it's great, others... not so much.Biscuits & gravy, French toast, etc are all good.
5	It's 3 am in Vegas...do YOU know where your children are at??!Of course! They're scarfing down on some good ol' American grub at Ellis Island Cafe. Open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week AND they offer THE best steak and eggs special that Vegas has. For $5.99?! You better bet your bottom dollar that's right!I thought Mr. Lucky's was a done deal but boy was I wrong. Ellis Island Cafe is where it's at. It's a little off the strip on Koval and Flamingo and it's located inside the Ellis Island Casino. This place is perfect for a 3 am grub session after hitting those crazy clubs all night or even just for a plain and simple breakfast at 8 am. All-in-all you just can't beat those prices AND portions.I've been here a couple times and I ALWAYS get the $5.99 steak and eggs special. It's not included in the menu but it's usually written on their chalkboard sign by the front of the cafe. The special comes with 2 eggs (any way you want it), 6 oz. sirloin steak (cooked any way you want it), home fries and toast. The portions are perfect and I never had a problem with the chefs over or under-cooking the meat. Plus, those home fries are so deliciously crisp and well-seasoned. For $5.99 what's to complain about?SIDE NOTE: the special is only from 11 pm to 11 am. Other than that, everything is great! So please stop by this place whenever you're in Vegas. If you're going to spend $80 on drinks at the Marquee or Tao, might as well treat yourself to the tastiest, cheapest breakfast they got.
4	Really enjoyed the $8.99 steak special garlic green beans mashed potatoes and gravy and a 10 ounce top round steak. Steak was done to perfection very flavorful my wife had the Buffalo chicken wrap unfortunately it came out cold when reheated it was very tasty.Went back a second time for the steak and egg breakfast same steak just as good eggs and home fries were outstanding good value for under 10 bucks can't beat the pricing highly recommend this place.Service was a little slow for the dinner. Unfortunately some of the smoke filled in from the casino which is a little bit of a distraction. Other than that this place is a winner.
4	Trying to figure out where to go to dinner in Vegas, for a local on The Strip, can be an epic task not to be taken lightly. The dilemma always is price versus convenience versus quality.The Ellis Island Cafe happens to meet a sweet spot in the above dilemma. Their wait times to get in are usually 45 minutes to an hour, but after a few turns of nearby slot machines and a beer, your number is usually called.Be nice to the staff because they like regulars. I've even brought groups of friends to eat here, they seemed to like the pub atmosphere.Beer is made on-site, is cold and competitively priced. The food is decent enough and the steaks are pretty good. I really like the thick cut steak fries and the soups are tasty.If you are in need of a place to have dinner without the sticker shock of a Vegas Strip restaurant, try Ellis Island Cafe, located one block East on Flamingo behind Bally's Casino.
4	Being in a casino there are lots off offers from having a card and playing.  The ribs are some of the best in Vegas.  If you play $1 with you card you get a special price for the ribs and stake and $1 off the meal.  Tuesday has a special $5 meals for seniors. Good food at reasonable prices, and lots of specials.
5	Ran into this place by accident seeing the pictures of food posted in the front from far away, jokingly told my buddy and my wife that the steak comes with a pint of guinness.. So we decided to check it out and wow... The place didnt disapoint.. The wait was a lil long but we knew that by the line coming in, we all the sirloin steak special for $8.99 that did come with a pint of the home brewed beer of your choice.. Food was excellent steak was cooked perfectly and the beer was delicious.. So we had a few more pints for $2 and change a piece.. Awesome find.. Cant wait to come back to the devil's playground...
1	Come on people this place is horrible.  Started off with a nice thirty minute wait to get a table of 5 in a place that smells like puke, beer, and cigarettes. Ok, our friends where raving about this place so we waited.When we were finally seated, the classic "I have been working here for fifty years so I don't need to be polite" waitress came up and was extremely rude.  After ordering, the food took an HOUR!  No one refilled our delicious Las Vegas tap water even once, and when the food did come out, it was ice cold.  My girlfriends burger was so dry you couldn't even bite it without slathering it in ketchup.  My steak was tough and the eggs were cold.  To top it all off, they don't split checks, so you better make sure someone in your group has enough cash.  Look elsewhere to eat in vegas.
3	We frequent Ellis Island on a regular basis while on vacation primarily because of the breakfasts in the cafe (see prior reviews), but also the free drinks courtesy of Las Vegas Advisor coupons.  Seldom do we opt to have dinner in the cafe, but there was a basketball game we wanted to see so we opted to dine in the Karaoke lounge ordering while ordering off the cafe menu.  My wife had a very mediocre chicken salad comprised mostly of iceberg lettuce while I enjoyed a bountiful order of fish & chips that included 3 large, grease-free filets that were lightly battered along with a large portion of fries.  Service was very good throughout our meal.  The cost of meal was reduced by 50% after application of yet another Las Vegas Advisor coupon.
4	We typically go to their BBQ restaurant but decided to try the steak special tonight.  For the very low price, including a beer, it was a great dinner!  They serve it with soup which tonight was the New England Clam Chowder and I could gladly have called that my dinner, but then came the perfectly cooked steak, potato and veggie (had corn instead of green beans).  The food was good!  We were looking for a casual steak place for when we don't want to get too fancy or spend the big $ on the other steakhouses so this works perfectly for those causal nights.  The rest of their menu is very affordable as well, clean, and excellent service.
4	Drug here my my grandfather and step dad every time we visit Vegas. Once or twice a trip would be ok, but eating 5 times at the same place in one vacation a little much. However, everything I've eaten has been great except fish & chips (grease & chips) and I've had about everything on menu, breakfast lunch & dinner. Prime rib is really good. Honestly you can't go wrong. Not a fan on their root beer so I order something else. Service has always been acceptable and can't beat the prices.
5	Had a fantastic omelet with ham, mushroom and cheese.  You cannot beat the value that this place has to offer.  Probably one of the best values in town.  Only down side was the server was not very attentive--constantly had to ask for more water and/or coffee.  Given the price it was not an issue.
4	I love the place, yes at times service outright sucks, and yes at times you wait for a table! Oh I gotta wait for a table in a casino that brews their own Beer, oh the horror of it all!The Prime Rib is Outstanding for the price, but my new go to item is the Berkshire 50/50 burger! Just frigging delicious!So the place is what it is, cheap yet tasty coffee shop food! Decent not great house beers, although the Irish Red is Delicious, and a decent value!Is it 5 star dining, no, but it's above average food at good prices, and free local entertainment!
5	S5.99 FOR THE ULTIMATE STEAK AND EGGZ. Eggcellent....yes, yes....very very eggcellent.Maybe it was 4:30 am and I was basking in the fluorescent lighting or the nice taxi driver who knew exactly how to indirectly cure my heel-hurting blues. Whatever the case, this place HIT THE SPOT! The waitress even gave me a closer table because she saw me limping, haha.Asked for a medium rare with sunny-side up. Perfect. Damn, for a $5.99, you sure canNOT beat this deal! 2 eggs, 2 pieces of BUTTERED toast, side of potatoes, and a steak roughly 8 oz. The steak was actually better than I thought it would be -- not too overcooked, not too undercooked. Brown on the outside with pink in the middle...just the way I like 'em!I though life couldn't get any better. Then I remembered my feet still hurt from my heels and dreadfully made the way back towards the taxi, blehhhhh.
4	Came on the recommendation of a local to get the $8.99 steak and beer and since I don't drink beer, they let me swap for their house brewed root beer. Good size portions with the prices you hope to see off the strip. My sons split a 1/2lb burger and fries for $6.99 and my husband got the prime rib which he said was the best he's had in awhile. (Though he came for their famous ribs which they only serve in the brewery and were out of). They wait was about 20mins, the server was not the most professional but very nice. Would def go back the next time i am in Vegas.
2	This is an example of you get what you paid for. I had the steak dinner for $9. Steak was dry, rice pilaf is like a steamed white rice, green beans was just sautteed with no flavor. My wife has chicken with mushroom-terrible. Seems like food was prepared quickly prepared at home after work, and not from a restaurant that you pay more. Not coming back.
5	Omg! Breakfast for $5.99 isn't bad at all in Vegas! I was craving steak and eggs and the worker at the 7-11 store (next door to casino) told me to try this place! I'm so happy that, I listened to her! This deal comes with eggs, toast, steak and side of potatoes. The steak was cooked at the right temperature and not over cooked.We got here about 9am and were seated by the hostess of the restaurant. We ordered our food with a young lady (Asian). She was so sweet with us. She was very friendly, she talked to us about her daughter being a DJ in Vegas/San Diego. Overall, we got our food within 10 minutes and got out of there within 35 mins max. The wait was really fast for a party of 3 people. I will return soon, on my next trip to Vegas.
1	No stars for it not being take out when stating it is on yelp. I just waisted $10 on a cab, which could of been a potential $60+ profit just off their menu
4	You don't have to pay a mint to get a good meal in Vegas, and many of the smaller casinos actually offer up great meals as incentive to draw in players. My gf read about the $13.99 prime rib dinner they've go there, so we figured why not? This place is right off the Strip, on the main road behind Bally's. It was probably a fun hot spot back in the day, but now people only want to bother with what's currently hot. The restaurant is right up front when you walk in. There was a short wait since it's plenty busy, even on a Monday night. The restaurant decor could be best described as ancient and dated, resembling a relic from a bygone era no one cared to update. but why fake it here, right? This building is a relic, and even if the walls show signs of being redone three or four times over it still looks like somewhere my grandparents would eat. We both wanted the same thing - prime rib, served with a baked potato and green beans. And, best of all, a 20 oz. stein of beer. All for $13.99. That rules so hard. The prime rib was really great, cooked to a perfect medium rare and so soft and succulent. Each piece melted upon entering my mouth. My only complaint is that they use creamy horseradish instead of the real deal good stuff. Potato and beans were both great, too. The green beans weren't even overcooked. They brew all of their own beer here, and they've got all varieties covered. I went with their hefeweizen, which was unremarkable but tasted just like a good hef should. And to think, we got all this food/drink for under $30. Hard to beat a deal that good.
5	All food is good here. Generous portions and tasty entrees. The prime rib is as good as the higher end restaurants her modestly priced. There's no place that can compare to the flavorful Wild Salmon here at Ellis Island Cafe not the bland  farm raised junk So called Salmon most other places have. Enjoy a very good meal with a tasty homebrew or in house rootbeer at avvery modest price. We Always have at least one meal here while in Las Vegas. Enjoy!
1	Previously a favorite place that I would always recommend to visitors.  Not any more.  As it has gained in popularity both the service and quality of food has declined.  Yesterday's lunch was so poor I won't be back.  Our favorite item to order is fish and chips.  This day we were seated and it took 10 minutes for the waitress to come by for our order.  We both ordered the fish and chips. Then we waited and the. We waited.  Finally after 35 minutes two baskets of over cooked and I mean dark crusted fish that were drenched in oil were delivered.  I removed the poorly cooked dish to a napkin and it immediately became soaked in dark oil. The chips beneath the fish were so soggy with oil we could not eat them.  I brought it to the waitress' attention and she shrug and said she could bring some new ones.  As we picked the soggy crust from the fish our chips didn't arrive until we had enough of everything.  Avoid this place.  Save your time and money.
4	It's excellent food, for what you pay lol...We went for late breakfast on Sunday after a late night out.Most people ordered the steak and eggs. My boyfriend ordered it medium rare. They were SPOT ON with the temperature. The steak was cooked perfectly! He ordered his eggs over easy and that was done perfectly too! The potatoes were yummy, but it's hard for me to dislike potatoes.I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs. The chicken fried steak is made with pork, and they do have a chicken fried chicken option. The batter was crispy and flavorful, the meat was tender. The sausage gravy was amazing! AMAZING. Service itself could have been better... it took forever for the kitchen to finish our food, and our server was kind of aloof to everything actually going on in the dining room.It is the perfect drunchies-joint. That's for sure.
5	"WOW"!  What a hidden gem!!!  We came for the 4th and went by here to eat. The chicken fried steak ($7.99) with soup or salad and the steak n eggs ($8.99)with a drink...."What a deal"! The steak was the size of a big fist and was very tasty. We would like to "Thank Grace", our server... for doing a awesome job seeing to our needs. If you're looking for great food and a great server....."at a super saving price" head over behind Bally's to Koval road. They even have some of the awesome, older slots we all liked playing.....(Trophy Fishing) the 7 slot machines with the big tv screen on the wall and the worm on the hook! The slots were "way" loose; we went in an ate and left $127.00 richer an hour later!  The next time we go... we're heading here!
5	Great hidden gem! Absolutely get the players card for the steak deal. For under $10 I got a perfect ceasar salad, roll, mash potatoes, green beans, a beer made in their local brewery (on site!) and a steak that could have easily been served at Ruth's Chris. My steak was cooked to perfection and more than I could finish. Our server (Valentina? I believe?) was helpful and informative, and totally spot on with her recommendations. Wonderful job!Service, food, price, and great customer care make this place a must every time we visit Vegas.
4	One of those hidden gems that you just happen to stumble upon. We've been coming to Vegas for 15 years but just discovered this place about 5 years ago. Their fish and chips is one of the best I've ever had. It is 3 be huge pieces served with yummy steak fries all for under 10.00. I have never seen any fish pieces as big and thick as they are here, it's the one thing we come back for year after year. I highly recommend the fish and their club sandwich have as well. Two items not to be missed!
4	Ordered the prime rib. $13.99. Great value, juicy prime rib with green beans. Choice of baked potato, mash, fries or rice. Salad or soup. Comes with a 20oz beer. Long line for dinner.Come after peak hours for lunch and dinner, it'll be faster to get a seat and less noisy!Service is efficient and mostly cold. They are very busy afterall. Will be back for the steak and egg special!
4	Wow! What a fund! We went for breakfast and they had $5.99 steak and eggs. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the service was a little slow.
2	Decent food and cheap prices but very slow service on this Friday night.  It's also right next to the casino so you'll smell smoke through your entire meal.
1	Today it took 90 minutes to get seated. They didn't have enough help.they 1st said it would take 40 minutes. The food is the same as Village Pubs around town with no wait.both have same ownership
3	Waited 45 minutes to be seated so we could eat breakfast,  just to find out that they stopped serving breakfast during our wait.  Thanks for telling us,  we would have gone elsewhere because we really wanted breakfast! Their only saving grace for me was the food quality.  Well above average.  Service was OK.
3	I brought the family for dinner, mom and dad's anniversary is today. We ordered prime rib all around, we have had it before and it is excellent I have no complaint with the food, that's why I give it a three star. My complaint is with the wait staff. My wife has allergies she cannot drink alcohol or the root beer that goes with the meal and the waiter would not even substitute a diet soda in their place. Then we did not see the waiter until he brought the check, our meal was brought out by kitchen staff and we were not checked on till the check came. We were not offered any refills or rolls or butter nothing. I will return for another meal just because the food is good and the prices are great. Someone needs to focus on the wait staff and introduce them to customer service.
5	Completely unsuspecting and terrific. The decor is a little old school, but when the food is that good, who cares!?!? For $8.99 I got a 10oz or so steak perfectly cooked along with two sides and a salad AND a 20 oz beer of one of their own craft brews which was good. Just awesomely cheap and amazing. I was shocked at the quality of the food and its freshness. I highly recommend this place to anyone. I'll be back ASAP!
5	Great food for low prices in town. Sign up for the players card and receive a coupon for $8.99 steak dinner for everyone at your table. Big Juicy steak with soup or salad. Side of your choice with delicious green beans and a beer or root beer.  Can't beat that. Get a new coupon everyday. .. Must try it out!!!!!!
4	Had dinner here for the first time. On first appearance it seems pretty old and the casino is smokey. The cafe was packed. Ordered the prime rib and it was tasty, juicy, and huge. Came with a free brewery beer too!  I traded my beer for an iced tea. Huge serving of green beans and a big baked potato. All delicious. I would have paid three times as much at somewhere like outback. Out server was Phillip from Manilla who was great. Came as soon as we were seated. Brought water and bread and took our order right away. I watched him balance several tables. The place was packed. My sister got the fish and chips which were excellent too. Very crunchy on the outside and moist inside. I will definitely go back. Great for the price.
5	Five stars for value.  Quality steak and tasty fries for ten bucks.  Great service.  Whole casino has a nice local atmosphere.
4	I ordered their steak and eggs, which was awesome! I ordered a medium rare steak and despite how delicious it was, it was more on the well done side rather than medium rare. However, everything else was cooked to perfection!It was odd, however, to have been seated in an area where there were absolutely no other people but with the party of two others I went with. But the service was great nonetheless.I would definitely come back again for their steak and eggs and to maybe even try out the other items on the menu!
4	On vacation and I wanted a steak dinner, saw this place and decided to give it a try, was not disappointed. Came in late night with the hubby for my $8.99 steak dinner, you have to sign up for their reward card and print out the coupon. Our waiter was friendly and helpful, the steak was delicious and it came with a free beer, which I gave to the hubby since I don't drink. Two things that I did not like: 1. The cafe is right next to their karaoke bar, the first 2 people know how to sing but the others ruined it and butchered the songs. 2. When walking in we ran into a bunch crickets and what do I hate crickets! Other than that I would definitely return.
1	Do not come here!!! 1 hour wait when half the tables were empty. Groups that checked in after us were served and done by the time we got seated. I write this review as we're 2 hours in and I'm still waiting for my food. There is no excuse for this. We're only a party of 6. Honestly, will never waste my vacation time here again.
5	"Don't judge it's book by it cover"...ugly looking on the outside and very smokey in the inside. But I'm here to review on the  Cafe I ate at and the not the casino. I ordered the steak and eggs for $5.99, which you get a steak, 1 egg, toast, and potatoes. And I have to say this was the best steak and eggs I ever had!
4	We looked in yelp for some somewhere to watch football and have something good to eat. This was a super recommendation!! We had the chicken fried chicken with garlic green beans and mashed potatoes. The food was really good and the atmosphere was nice. We will be back at our next visit.
5	This place is the spot when your in vegas!!!!FOOD IS FANTASTIC!!! I eat here every morning when I come to vegas!The price is unbelievable! SO CHEAP but the FOOD IS SO GOOD!Quick Service!!!
1	We were invited to meet family was visiting from out of town here.  It was bad enough walking through the smoke infested casino, but I believed that in the Restruants you were not supposed to smoke where food was served.  In this cafe people were smoking and blowing smoke while we were trying to eat.  It was disgusting. The food here was below average as well.  I know that there is smoking in casinos, but to serve food where people are eating should be against the law !!!!  Never going here again!!!
1	This place is cheap, but so is the food. Got here around 10:30 with a party of eight. We ended up waiting for a table for about 30 minutes. Thier only solution to our party is to seet us at two tables next to each other. They wouldn't even let us put the tables 2 feet apart from eachother together. The food took 30 minutes to come (very simple orders) and was ok. I'm also cegan and could obly have toast and potatoes (no veggies, fruit, anything like that). One of our group got corned beef and hash and it looked like it came straight out of the can. Put a little effort into the food.
4	$5.99 steak and eggs! On Sundays, the deal is good until 2pm. I was absolutely pleased with my cut of NY steak and it was definitely medium rare like I asked! Only downside was that it took about 40 minutes to get our food (well, steaks for 6 people is a lot I guess..). I suggest asking for butter on the side unless you like your toast DRENCHED with butter!
1	horrible service the whole staff cares less the food  is not that good at all the signatures burgers are a joke, McDonalds have better burgers
3	I use to come here when I was a teenager, and I recently made the trip back here and it did bring back memories for me.The menu is simple and is only comprised of a front and back of a menu. It's filled with simple American dishes that can fit nearly anyone's taste. The items on the menu are relatively cheap compared to other restaurants out there now, and so I couldn't argue with the prices. My recent visit, I got the chicken parmesan while my mom got the salmon. Both items came with a salad. I would recommend asking for dressing in the side because it was just globbed on my salad and it was a lot just concentrated in the middle, so that wasn't fun. The chicken parmesan was quite delicious. The pasta was cooked well, the chicken was delicious, and the garlic bread was good. My mom's salmon wasn't as lucky, for it was a little dry and the green beans that it came with weren't that great. The service really sucked when we went. It was understaffed for dinner and the place was almost completely full. When I had a general question that anyone in the restaurant could answer, I tried to ask someone who wasn't my server and he rudely told me that he wasn't my server and he can't help me. That's a no-no in my book. Their food is cheap and you can get lucky or unlucky depending on what you order. Try not to go during peak hours and the service will be more than adequate.
5	Serves the best breakfast on the strip. The price is also very reasonable and the unlimited supply of coffee is excellent. Highly recommended.
5	short wait to get a tableservice is goodordered the jumbo prawn with cocktail sauce ------yeah! it's jumbo alrightI normally don't order hamburger but I saw the other table ordered the hamburger and the bun look so shiny and tasty.so I ordered their specialty burger and yeah it taste great!
5	My boyfriend had the Prime Rib lunch included a 20oz beer all for 13.99. We had plenty left over so for the price and taste we give it 5 stars. Our waitress was sweet and attentive despite the amount of tables she had.
4	One of the best deals in town for sure! We've been coming here for years & even though the price continues to increase its still a major deal! There's a lot of great options on the menu but I can't resist the steak special. For under $10 a person you get a starter salad with your choice of dressing & then a nice juicy piece of meat with garlic green beans & a starch. I stick to with the mashed potatoes & gravy & my man always gets the big fries. Overall the meal is really tasty! Oh and you get a beer or root beer with your meal! That's a nice bonus! There's always a wait so be prepared for that but we have never left disappointed. The staff is friendly & the atmosphere is loud & lively. If you're looking for a cheap steak option this place is probably the best in town.
4	Tender juicy delicious prime rib, and for $13.99 with soup/salad and hand crafted beer included-- just can't beat that! Be prepared to have a long wait though, especially on weekends.
4	You know how people USED to day "You can eat good food very cheap in Vegas"?? Well I'm here to tell you that you can still say that...You just need to know where to look and Ellis Island Cafe is the place for that!! The guy at guest services at our resort recommended it and OMG we ended up going there a couple of times during our trip!! The food is sooooooo good and they give you a TON of food for the price!! You can eat a good meal for under $10 and I guarantee you won't be able to finish it!!  They are open 24/7 and they brew their own beer (or root beer if you're not a beer drinker)We will MOST DEFINITELY be making a return visit on our next trip to Vegas and every one after that!!
1	I am a Dallas native who retired and moved here to VEGAS 25 years ago at age 47. I have yet to find "REAL" BAR-B-Q, "TEX-MEX" or BURGERS here. I CAN recommend LOLA'S for genuine CAJUN food though! Anyhow, in my search for REAL bar-b-q, the reviews led me to try out ELLIS ISLAND a few days ago, even after reading that their "bar-b-q" ribs were "steamed" for 4 hours then flopped around on a grill for a few minutes (this is NOT "BAR-B-Q." by the way.). My wife and I arrived there just before 4pm Monday to beat the crowd. We signed up for the players cards to get the meal discounts and then were "greeted" by the hostess at the "bar-b-q" restaurant door who promptly told us there would be a "wait" even though there were only about 10 diners already seated in a dimly lit room that holds maybe 30. Almost immediately after telling us there "will be a waiting time", the hostess asked my 26 year old wife for her I.D. This less than attractive and unfriendly "hostess" seemed disappointed that my wife was in fact of "legal" age. I did tell my wife that this "hostess was in the wrong business."  We were waited on by a nice Philippino waiter named "PHILLIP". The advertised price for the full rack rib dinner was $12 and we ordered two of them. I placed my meal discount tickets on the table and they were collected by the waiter as we ordered our meals. We got the bill and it totaled $28.00. $33 including my tip. I wondered what kind of calculator they used to add up our bill because $12 + $12 = $24 on MY calculator! Yeah, the 8.1% tax drives the bill up to $26 but where did the other $2 come from? The meal was mediocre at best which makes me wonder what planet all these rave reviewers came from. Rather than quibble we just paid the tab and left, NEVER TO RETURN!Those of you who want to experience "REAL" BAR-B-Q RIBS and are visiting the DALLAS area then drop by "SLOW BONE" on S. Irving Blvd. but be sure and get there before NOON coz the ribs are SOLD OUT by then!  The hours at SLOW BONE are 11am till 3pm! They BAR-B-Q their meats "low and slow" as authentic bar-b-q is done.
4	I was told about this place by a coworker. I have to say IA am glad I listened. We went for my birthday and had a great meal. It is a very small casino and the place doesn't look like much compared to all the other casinos around but the service here is amazing and it was a good price.
5	Family tradition for over four decades. Super inexpensive and they feed you like family. Our go-to every time we visit Vegas.
5	Although its around 13 bucks now for a prime rib and a beer this place is still the best deal! I couldn't even finish all the food I had. I also tried some of my Dad's chicken fried steak which was awesome too! They have also done a really nice job remodeling the place
4	Food was pretty good for the $8.99 steak special. The service was slow. If you're not in a rush, I'd recommend it.
2	If the service sucks then the quality of food and the price doesn't matter. That said the beer here is incredible and the food, IF it comes out right is pretty good. My service was horrid unfortunately. I tried this location for both breakfast and dinner while in town hoping it was a one off situation  If I return ill just go to the bar for the beer which I wish I could get in my home state.
4	Looks may be deceiving.  Ellis Island isn't the most glamorous place in Las Vegas.   As a matter of fact, it's kind of dumpy.  But the BBQ restaurant is so good, and it is cheap.  I get the 1/2 rack of ribs and chicken.  The ribs fall off the bone and are seasoned to perfection.  The chicken is also very tasty.  Love the sauce.  it is sweet with a slight bite.  It also comes with two ears of corn on the cob, ranch style beans, cole slaw and bread.  You get a lot of food and it's about $12.  Plus, they are a microbrew and they have $2 20 oz beers.  And the service is good.  The only reason they don't get five stars is they are only open from 4pm-10pm (at least the BBQ part).  The regular cafe is 24 hours and I've heard it was good, too.  However, I like the BBQ too much to try the other part.  It is hard to beat this place for value and quality.   Only Adults 21 and over are allowed in the BBQ part.  Not sure why, but that's their rules.
4	Awesome $5.99 steak and eggs after 11pm. Fries were perfectly crispy outside and soft inside and well seasoned. Steak was cooked to the right temperature, but lacked a little bit of seasoning. Came at 11:30pm on a Friday night and there was no wait. Great deal, good food, and no complaint.
5	24/7 hrs goodness. Love the king cut prime rib here: 13.99 with beer. The service is always great.
5	Best prime rib ever! ! $13.99 for a huge juicy fork-tender slab and it came with a baked potato , a salad, and green beans. The green beans were awful but i think I'm just used to the way they are in the south. Will definitely be back.
4	So good great price for food on the strip. I had the fish and chips which were to die for good. Crunchy batter with moist flaky fish perfection. My son loved his chicken fried steak. Waited outside to avoid the smoky casino. Only downside was our wait which was better then 30 min. and just as long to get our food. I was starving by the time we got it but for the.price and high quality food it was worth the wait I'd say.
5	Great food for a good price with the best servers in the city. In for breakfast ask for Lucy or Nora.
