3	Parking blows here.  Their main parking lot has space for probably 200 cars, then after that it's to each their own on office park side streets and dusty empty lots.Concession options are limited.  Compared to other spring training stadiums the food offerings are weak.  The only meat option here is a hot dog.I was here this past Saturday to see the Angels and Giants, and other than the parking and concession options, this is a pretty average spring training stadium overlooking the freeway.  It has an intimate feel and there's a small area for lawn seating.  Our seats in particular were great, just to the left of home plate, so I can't speak confidently on other more average seats.BTW, the map is wrong for whatever reason.  It's on Alameda just West of I-10.
3	The parking situation probably blows because its in in the back of an Industrial Park.  Very strange.  My husband was none too pleased about having to drive our car off a curb to get out of the dirt lot. And its $5....$5 to park in a dirt lot.  Makes the $3 valet at Postino even more palatable.I enjoyed the small venue and for the Giants game it was packed.  (I don't think they sell out their other spring training games though....)I'm pretty sure the sight lines are good from anywhere, save the extreme ends of the baselines.  The stadium reminded me a lot of the actual Angel Stadium including the Disney-fied outfits worn by ushers and ticket takers.  (Why the straw hats, why?!)  Its in Tempe but just a short drive from Mill so you can head there before or after the game.  And I heard a rumor they run a shuttle from Mill so thats something to look into for future games.Oh, and I definitely saw the same Pepsi truck drive by on the highway four times and I began to wonder if that was their way of advertising.
3	I went here for a Spring Training game.  I think that it's a great park!  There's tons of parking.  It's easy to get to.  The people are friendly and the weather is perfect in March.
3	Tempe Diablo Stadium is the weakest of the East Valley spring training facilities, but that shouldn't deter you from coming here to enjoy a game.  I've been to this park for both MLB preseason and NCAA Regionals, which are obviously two completely different experiences, most notably atmosphere and concessions.The Angels games are lazy and pleasant, decent beer (although the selection is fairly boring), and drab food.  The players ham it up and the aire is nonchalant. When the Sun Devils are playing, the mood is intense, its scorching into the triple digits, most people were under the awnings, and there was no beer served.Depending on which mood fits your personality, you will likely have a pretty good time as a result of the proximity of the stands to the field of play, the new(ish) berm in the outfield, the rapidly improving view of the city, and the tract of available shade.Just don't go expecting Wrigley South or Fenway West.  Hell, don't even expect Chase East.
4	Loving baseball like I do, I just had to come down for a Spring Training experience and boy am I glad I did. Frankly, I spent less time watching games than I did driving around Phoenix and the surounding area because after a few innings of watching players you have never heard of do their thing, you get a little bored and your butt gets itchy for more action. Plus, I was born in Phoenix, and hadn't been down here since I was a wee little lad and wanted to relive my youth.It is very cool however to go from park to park just to see how different they all are and with so many teams moving from Florida to Arizona, the place is now very crowded. I saw the A's at Phoenix Muni, the Giants at Scottsdale Muni, Seattle at their new complex, Milwaukee at Marysvale and the Angels at Tempe Diablo. Of all the parks, Tempe Diablo was pretty cool, not because you have an incredibly busy freeway right off of the right field line but because of the awesome mountain right behind the left field fence. It makes the park desert-like.The food is also very good as long as you like hot dogs and cokes. The parking really convenient as long as you get there early before the lot fills up because the park is way off by itself in an industral area and there is NO PARKING on the side streets allowed.Finally, if you get there early and love getting player pictures and autographs, this is the place for you cause they can't escape walking from the practice fields, through the lot into the main park. No other park does this and generally the players are pretty good about stopping if you are nice to them. Personally, I have never been an autograph kind of guy. What does having someone sign their name to something do anyway? Never understood the mind-set of that. They don't care about you and frankly, do you really care about them?All in all, if you are making the Spring Training trip, this is one of the better parks to visit. It is never that crowded so you can get a good seat and you can get yourself in and out with ease. And remember, the Angels are one of the hot teams now to so see them while they are one of the best teams.
5	Of the 4 stadiums I visited this week, this one was my favorite. The Angels do run a first class organization and this stadium gives you that impression along with the staff. I made my way up here to watch my Rockies take on the Angels and with hopes of watching Vlad Guererro play, but that didnt happen. Too bad the Rockies lost and too bad the Rockies have to play at Hi Corbett after visiting this ballpark.
3	Along the side of the I-10 you'll see a big A and a sign that reads Home of the Angels Spring Training.  There you will find one of the most forgettable Spring Training complexes in the Cactus League.  Driving to Tempe Diablo can be difficult.  The freeway often backs up around the Broadway Curve and the surface streets don't all go through.  Take Southern to Potter and go North, then park along Campus Drive.  It is a reasonable walk but you will avoid parking fees and the traffic mess getting out.  Parking is exceptionally bad at this stadium and should really be avoided at all costs.There isn't much around Tempe Diablo which is reminiscent of the Big A in Anaheim.  Just down the street is a ton of stuff though, so if you can find a way across the freeway, you are set.  The exterior of the stadium is quite impressive and makes you feel like you are at a big league park.  The practice fields are just west of the main stadium and, if you walk through the only parking lot, you can wait for the players to come out and sign.  They usually do if you get there early enough.Once inside the stadium, you'll find a small amount of grass seating and a wooden wall in right.  Just beyond the wall is the freeway.  It really is like Angel Stadium.  The main seating bowl is not much either.  The seats are crammed and small but they are close to the field.  Almost all of the seats are in the sun with the exception of the top 10 rows behind home plate and toward first base.  The concourse area is shaded but it is narrow and gets very crowded.  You can at least watch the game from it.The food is pretty disappointing.  There is usually a Salty Sinorita or Dos Gringos-type place that has a stand and that is really the most adventurous food you will find.  Standard fare everywhere else is a bit disappointing.In all, this stadium was, at the time, a step in the right direction, but has since become outdated by the newer parks.  It is too bad because the location is convenient for most of the Valley and the team is so good.
4	I am a big fan of this stadium. We visited four stadiums during our recent trip, and this one had the best atmosphere. The staff was friendly, the site was beautiful, and they had good beer. Although I am not a fan of the Angels (they are in the same division as my fav team), this is a stadium I will be sure to return to if we get to go again next year. I only gave it four stars because I have not been to all the stadiums Phoenix offers, but it is a must visit.
3	IMO, I think this is a great ballpark.  I think so mostly because they have miller chill in a can.  Angels fans flock to this ballpark to watch a game, and enjoy some time in the sun.  You'll only see me here if they are playing the cubs, but I look forward to my next visit.
2	So I can't complain too much about watching the Angels play in 84 degree weather, BUT where they play, I've definitely been to much better stadiums. The concessions are very minimal with the lines forming in the sun, in other words there is no shade or relief from the sun almost anywhere here. There are lots of tables,although no open seats, but again, all out uder the sun with no cover. The food was good, burgers, hot dogs, the normal stuff. The bleachers have no cup holders so that was a challenge. And yes, my kid did kick over the kid next to us snowcone, it was ugly. We bought the poor kid another one. Scenery wise, looking at the traffic forming on the I-10 was NOT such a good view, but the Buttes next door is nice. There are really no bars or anywhere close by to kind of hang out before or after the game. Maybe Top of The Rock bar? Parking is a joke. We heard about it ahead of time and got there an hour early. But those poor suckers that didn't walked at least a mile or 2 to park in nearby office parks. I saw so many people getting lost after the game roaming around trying to remember what plaza they parked their car at! It was $5 to park but the gentleman collecting money did point out that it was going to charity. And then he high fived my son. :) It took 35 minutes to get from the parking lot to the street after the game. They really don't have that situation planned out very well! The gift shop had a ton of Angels stuff which I thought was awesome, but again, it's just a tent of sorts, no store to go in and cool off for a few minutes. The staff in the gift shop hated their jobs it seemed but elsewhere in the stadium, people seemed really friendly. I don't know, could be that it was St. Patrick's day and I wasn't drinking? Ha! Bring sunblock! GO ANGELS!!
3	I've visited Angels' home away from home, also known as Tempe Diablo Stadium, a few times, most recently two weeks ago.  The ballpark certainly serves its purpose, but the facility is not nearly as nice as the other ballparks in the area.We came here for a Dodgers/Angels game on a Monday afternoon.  The game was sold out, and all the parking spots were taken loooooong before the first pitch.  We showed up at 11:30 for a 1 pm game, and we were forced to park in a parking lot of a corporate building far, far away.  Walking back to the stadium, we had to, ahem, dodge cars and scalpers, which wasn't exactly an R&R type of activity.Once inside the stadium, I felt much better.  Let's face it, there are worse places to be on a Monday afternoon.  We had seats just to the left of 3rd base, 5 rows up.  I was surprised that such good seats were not seats at all.  They were bleacher benches with back support.  There was hardly any legroom at all, and when someone needed to get through, it was an adventure in itself.  The concourses are also very small and crowded, so getting concessions or walking to the bathroom is no picnic, either.I like how the ballpark is designed to look like a mini Angel Stadium, complete with giant red letters "A" and the view of the mountains to the left and the freeway in centerfield.  The ushers at Tempe Diablo Stadium are also among the most lenient and friendliest in all of Cactus League.  Well done!
2	Went to a day game on 3/27/10 against the SF Giants  Plenty of fans of both teams were in attendance.  I'd have to say this stadium was more like an old minor league ballpark - sparse, not a lot of fluff, needing some renovation, but sufficient to host baseball games for plenty of fans.  The grandeur of the signage on outside of the stadium belies the inside condition.Parking was fairly easy, and only $5. Despite signs disallowing tailgating, there was plenty of that, including lots of people throwing balls in the parking lot where cars were moving around.  Parking lot staff did nothing to stop them.  On the other end of the lot we were in were the practice fields, and when we arrived the Angels were just finishing their batting practice so there was a huge crowd of people standing around at the far end of our lot..Going in, we stood in one line and got all the way up to the ticket lady before finding out that they had a _separate_ line for tickets purchased on line, so had to move to the other side of all the intake lines, and  stand in line again to enter.  The lack of signage for that was annoying.  I must also say that the lady who checked my purse for contraband did the most thorough job of any purse-checking person I've ever seen.  She was in everything!We had cheap bleacher seats just beyond first base for this game.  They were fine, but they were also in the sun for the whole game.  Didn't care for the fellow next to me constantly and loudly talking to his friends in our row and the row behind, but that's not the stadium's fault.  One funny thing was that it appeared that the players had to actually pass through the public portion of the stadium to get from the practice field to the game field, including coming across the concourse where the concession stands were, among the fans, and down the steps where the seats were in left field.  It presented a good opportunity for fans to ask for autographs, for sure, but somehow it struck me as weird.  That would never happen in a major league park.We walked around the whoie stadium to see what they had, and were strangely unimpressed.  Food selection was fairly standard for stadiums, nothing special there.  My BF liked their beer selections.Leaving the game afterwards was really bad as traffic was only superficially directed by stadium staff and Tempe PD, both of whom seemed surprisingly confused on what needed to happen.  It took more than a half hour to drive the two blocks away from the stadium exit.  You'd think that after having four week of games there (and doing it for four years), they'd have figured it out better, esp. since they knew ahead of time that the game was sold out..I think we can put Tempe Diablo Stadium in the "been there, done that" category now.  We had a good time, but probably won't move any mountains to go again for a few years.
4	Spring Training hot spot!  I have no complaints about this place.  Its a great stadium to catch a game with some friends and enjoy a nice AZ day.  The ticket pricing is great for anyone's budget.  The food and beers are an awesome added bonus!  I can't wait to go back for another game!
3	Saw the Angels/Rangers game here on Tuesday.  A nice stadium, $5 to park, and reasonable lawn tickets at $6.  Don't waste your money on an expensive seat...chances are you can just go sit down low anyway.
5	Not as fancy as the newer stadiums that have been built, but I come here to watch baseball not to be seen.The Angels play here, so I'm a little biased and would love this place no matter what. I just love chillin out on the lawn with a pint of Mirror Pond and watching the minor league players try to prove themselves with a few All-Stars sprinkled in.The atmosphere is great as Angels fans are awesome and show much love and class for the team.Note...park in the industrial lot across the way if you don't want to wait for hours to pay $5 and park a block closer.
4	Always have a great time here.  I am from Tempe so very convienant.  Have visited the new Salt River Fields which is very nice compared to this stadium however it is always a good standby!  Great views and fun times had by all!
4	Very nice stadium and the staff is very friendly. Would give it five stars but after going to the Goodyear Stadium and finding out that they had a really cool area where kids can play their own ball game I had to deduct one star.
4	This stadium has been around for a long time, but it's a great stadium tucked away in Tempe.It's a smaller stadium when compared to some of the new ones, but it's got a great, intimate feel to it.  The fans here are hardcore about the L.A. Angels of Anaheim, and they are a blast to be around.  People come here to watch baseball and have a great time.The food is pretty good, but I didn't see any Southern Cali inspired menu items or beer.  They do have some great beers, including a personal favorite of mine - Mirror Pond.The lawn is small here, and there aren't a lot of available seats out there.  The stadium is always crowded, so give yourself extra time to get food, a good beer or use the rest room.Parking is not as complicated as the wonderful people in the orange shirts would have you think.  Drive past the street the stadium is on, and you can park on a couple different side streets within the industrial complex for free.  You'll walk a block more, but you'll get in and out with no problems.* This spring training, I took on an aggressive goal.  Go to all 10 Spring Training Parks & see all 15 teams in one spring training season, and do it all on the weekends (FRI-SUN).  This review is a part of 10 total reviews.
5	Every year around spring training I seem to watch a game on TV where some asshole is sitting in the 80 degree sun drenched outfield grass section with a beer. Its usually raining here at that time.  I curse him up one side and down the other.  I have not even met his mother but she gets a little bit of bad mouthing too.This spring training, I am that asshole.  (But please don't talk about my mama)  My first introduction is being 5 minutes away out of a 40 min drive and realize i forgot the tickets.  No worries.  I bought them on line and a guy named Brian in the ticket office saved my butt a long drive back to get them.  He reprinted after he asked if I bought them online.  I did and he checked it out and i was good to go.  You saved my trip and my experience to this ball park.  I appreciate you.The stadium is small in comparison to major league parks and I loved it.  The staff is made up primarily of retired folks and they could not be nicer.  The lines go a little slower because they BS and make jokes.  It's all good.  Loved it.  Except the 70+ year old man that was trying to take a run at my girl.  Back it up old man.  I will push you down.  Its all fun and games until someone breaks a hip.Food is better than big league parks in LA and beer is way cheaper too.  Everyone seems to really enjoy the Cactus league when it comes to town.  I had a great time and if my girl can promise to behave in the future, I will take her back with me.  Either way, I'm going.
4	So let's see 7 down 3 to go and I will have every spring Training park here in the Valley of the Sun covered. This was my latest stop.....Tempe Diablo Stadium. I really liked the entrance to the stadium....looks a little bit like the Big "A" in Anaheim. The concourse is large and I really like the green line they have painted with the statement "No Standing Please" it really keeps the concourse free of people just standing around and crowding the concourse. There are great views of the stadium no matter where you sit and the hills that surround the mountain are pretty awesome. I don't know why they don't allow people to sit on those hills and watch the games....but I would really like to see that one day. The food is average and is not to terribly expensive....however a 16oz can of beer will run 8 buck this year. I was told it was 7.25 a year ago....but since I don't drink it didn't really matter to me....LOL. The parking is just okay...just make sure you get there early or you will have a long walk to the stadium...by the way parking is 5 bucks. Now the only reason I didn't give this locale 5 stars was because it doesn't really have a spring training feel like some of the other parks I have been to.....the fans are very subdued.....and the atmosphere is kind of bland. I was extremely shocked by this too because the Angels are expected to contend this year for the World Championship....so you would think the fans would be a little more excited. I was also disappointed with the "Lawn" it is perhaps the smallest I have seen at any other park....and the "Lawn" is suppose to be the highlight really of any spring training park.All in All this is good stadium and I definitely will return again in the future....but just another FYI....autographs are hard to come by here.....so don't really expect to get many unless you catch the players when they are leaving the ballpark. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
4	I really like this ball-park.  Every year for spring training, my boss takes us out to a weekday game (lawn seats) and we do a bit of tail-gating and a bit of game-watching.  This place has always had sufficient parking (or we've come early enough) for us to tail-gate in the stadium parking area (W or E lot) and then enjoy the game.The price point for the goodies at the park are, as expected, a bit high.. but I got a 24oz of beer for 9 bux... steep, but afterall, it WAS 24oz and it was all I needed.Our lawn seats were perfect, Left Field and the grass was on steroids: super soft, lush green, and beautifully maintained.. I don't need a blankie to sit on this grass because it's so soft and cushy.  The crowd is always nice for these Spring Training mid-week games.. fun, but not crazy and a good mix of old folks and young folks.The bathrooms are amazingly clean and well kept and, overall, the facility itself is well maintained and makes the experience more enjoyable.
5	I love this place. I come here once a year for ANGELS spring training. This trip I got a hamburger and 5 combo deal. The hamburger was good. It tool 5-10 minutes but the cashier helping me was really nice and made sure I was the first one to get a fresh hamburger when it was ready. The 5 combo deal can't be beat. For $15 you get 2 hot dogs, 2 drinks(or bottles of water), and a bag of peanuts. I would definitely recommend this deal for people with families or individuals who like to eat. The staff was really nice and the venue was clean. Thanks for years of great experiences.
5	Any seat in the place is a good seat!  IF you are going with kids I would highly suggest the lawn seats.  Also, if it looks like it will be a warmer time of year i would highly recommend getting seats on the first base side closer to the top as they provide some shade.
4	If you're new, lawn seating really isn't that bad, but you'd need to get there SUPER early because it looked over crowded. The seats are really jam packed in but EVERY SEAT is a GREAT seat!For spring training: get there super early and get signatures from your favorite players! It'll be easier if you have kids.
3	Pretty average spring training ballpark.  Nice patio area along third base.  Decent prices on food and beer.
5	Go Angels! I love Angelos Italian Ice and the Cajun Fries were sooooo good! I haven't been here in 6 years and some stuff has changed such as when the players come out of the practice fields and begin to walk to the stadium, they have double barricades instead of the one. So it's harder to get an autograph.
2	GO EARLY! Traffic backs up on the 143 to University and the parking lot is not fun to negotiate!
5	I liked this place better than Scottsdale stadium because, well, it felt more like a spring training place than Scottsdale.  Its small and intimate, players feel closer and there's not quite as much of a crush of people because of the smaller size.  Pretty normal food selection, though we had a not so great hot dog here, somehow.  We were always able to park in one of the two lots immediately adjacent to the stadium because we always arrived more than an hour before the game.  Parking was $5.  There is almost no shade on the lawn areas and people tend to stand around obstructing the concourse in an effort to get shade, which can make moving around hard.  Fortunately, the ushers are pretty good about shooing people out of the way. Anyways, I'd come see another game here any time.
2	Compared to other spring training facilities and minor league ballparks, color me unimpressed. What is does have: - The outfield grass is the place to be. We roamed around to find the best spots and this seemed the most relaxing. Not too hot, and not too cold.- We liked the fact that the ushers didn't really care where you sit. If you wanted to sit behind home plate, nobody will stop you.- ample seating. Wasn't crowded when we went.- It's still spring training, which you can't bitch about.- easy parking.What it lacks:- Atmosphere! This place is quieter than a library! You could seriously hear a pin drop. Was it apathetic Angels fans? I don't know. But they only played music when there was a pitching change and even then it seemed like an afterthought. It was very surreal to go to a quiet game where nobody seemed to be really interested. I know it's spring training, but come on?- A decent view. You can see the freeway and a University of Phoenix building in right field. Whoop de doo! The left field had a cool view of a mesa however. - Decent food. It has ballpark fare and nothing else. It has nothing to write home about. The italian ice in the outfield was a welcome treat.
4	Tempe Diablo Stadium opened in 1969, but the Los Angels Angels didn't start making full use of the facility until 1992. This is a nice ballpark, but the best time to get to the park is early. Why? Because parking becomes crazy the later you arrive. It's a great park to attend if you want to watch the team work out and get some pictures and autographs with your faves. The players walk along from the stadium to the huge practice field and vice-versa and anywhere between there is easy access for autograph seeking. Word of warning: Manager Mike Scioscia requests the fans walk along with him as he's going from one place to another. This doesn't bode well because people run to catch him and more times often than not someone gets hurt.  Other than this, it's a pretty decent area to hang until the players trek back into the stadium for drills on the field. Their team shop for souvenirs is a bit small and gets crowded fast. I found a good bargain in there the day I went and came away with an ANGELS visor for $6.50, which I got autographs on that same day, so not a bad souvenir to pick up to support the team. The guest services people at the stadium are really helpful and friendly so don't hesitate to ask them anything you may need or are looking for.
4	Weekday baseball game produced a pleasant experience. We had to pay $5 to park, but I noticed some spots before you get the police crosswalk that appeared free. Beer prices were essentially the same here as in surprise, but in a twist wine was only $6, undercutting beer for once. You cannot walk around the entire stadium, but not a big deal really. The cheapest tickets are $15 lawn seats and the grass is nice (unless your laying down and the guy behind you is also laying down with his shoes off). Younger crowd than Surprise, but all the ancient ushers evened up the playing field. I did try a decent pretzel at $3.50, but you should add a side of cheese to make it better.    The experience though is a bit sullied as there seems be a dozen brothers hawking tickets (to a 3/4 full stadium) as you drove through the gauntlet to the park. Also if the Reds and Angels are playing, can you guys talk before the game and decide which teams wears red!
3	After three too many cocktails at brunch, Mr. M and I rolled in to the stadium for the Angels vs. Cubs game last weekend about 4 innings into the game.  I had read about the parking issues, so was prepared to have to walk.  We got ourselves some free parking about 3 1/2 blocks south of the stadium.  Not bad at all.  And the walk sobered us up slightly, which was a real bummer if we wanted to keep loose all afternoon as the booze selections at this field are really poor.  I got spoiled at Salt River Field with all the AZ and CO craft beers available.I'm not really a beer snob, but given the choice between a Bud Light and a glass of water, I'll drink the water.  Sometimes I forget and drink the Bud and then I'm farting like Larry the Cable Guy's grandmother for 3 days.  Then Mr. M doesn't want to sleep with me and it pretty much ruins my love life temporarily.  What was I saying?Oh yeah.  The booze selection gets about 1 1/2 stars from me.  I did see some Coronas, but the stand we stopped at was out, so I just opted to wait and hit someplace on the way home.On the other hand, the atmosphere was great!  Now this is a ballgame!  The stadium was probably 3/4ths full and the crowd was really into the game.  I'm not a particular fan of either of the teams, but I am a HUGE fan of baseball in general, and it was a fun time.  I've learned my lesson and we bought cheap lawn tickets and then just roamed around and sat wherever we felt like.  We did sit on the lawn awhile, which I'm discovering is the most entertaining place to be.  I can see scantily clad teenagers touching each others' no-no parts, I can see people get hit in the head with those beach balls they are always batting around, and I can see crumbsnatchers perform death-defying moves in their quest to work out their sugar high and weave in and out all the people and blankets.  I would definitely go back to a game at this stadium.  A fun time was had by all!
4	This cozy ballpark has a friendly staff and a nice baseball atmosphere!
4	Finally as a long time Angel fan I hit up a spring training session in AZ. It did not disappoint at all. My wife and went out and got to catch a game and scored some autographs. We stayed at the Comfort Inn that was about a mile away and walked to Tempe Diablo so we didn't have to deal with the parking.  It was a Saturday game so it was sold out and pretty crowded. We lined up and scored a few autographs so I was pretty stoked. Our seats were in the Honey Brown Sweet Spot, which is the shaded area that is an all you can it section. (beast mode engaged) Seriously if you can get one of the tickets it will save you on a hot day and make sure your ready to eat. They serve up dogs, burgers and sausages. They also have peanuts, kettle chips and other little munchies that will keep you coming back for more. I was really hoping for a nacho bar. : ( I really enjoyed this little spot, its got a nice feel to it, its small and has a intimate feel. I got to meet the Angels owner Artie Moreno https://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/Ugczd5RBPZbZpvfXjAZDTQ/l.jpgI want to make it back here to support my favorite baseball team. Oh and the fact that they have Genesee on tap which is a domestic beer from Buffalo, NY which was really random. CHEERS!!!!!
4	This is a very nice Spring Training ballpark, but not as great as Surprise Stadium nor Scottsdale Stadium.  You do have the unique view that reminds you that you're in Arizona, such as the butte that is impossible to miss behind the left field foul pole.  They have plenty of lawn seating, but the ballpark isn't as big since you don't have any seats located in center or right fields.  Their tickets are also more expensive than Surprise Stadium & Phoenix Municipal Stadium.There are two different places to park.  Either by the front entrance of the stadium, or behind the center or right fields of the stadium.  Just beware..; even though it's rare, if a player crushes a ball to right field.., there's a slight possibility that your car may be nailed by a baseball if you're parked too close to the ballpark.FYI.., you share the same parking lot as the players; so you may run into a player or two when you're returning to your car.  Back in 2007, I left a game around the 6th inning since I was under a tight schedule that afternoon.  I happened to exit the ballpark at the same time as the former San Francisco Giants' Rich Aurilia.  Since he lives in Arizona and he started in today's game, he was done with his workout for the day; so he walked out with his baseball bag & bats, got into his 2007 Mercedez Benz (which he was just parked a few rows away from us) and drove away. "That's something you don't experience back in a regular MLB ballpark!"
4	Another regular stop during spring training.  Love this stadium because of the small hill with the hotel in the background and all the OC talent.
3	This was my first time at spring training and it came as no surprise to us that it was a smaller venue than the regular baseball stadiums.  I loved the intimate feel of the place...until you realize just how intimate it is...Hubby and I went to a game on Saturday and bought some decent tickets just past the 3rd baseline.  Apparently, we missed real chairs by one section and ended up on cramped metal benches - kind of explains why a lot of people were carrying pads. The chairs aren't much better as they are also very small and the rows close together.Also, due to a variety of reasons (hot sun, need to be closer to beer), a lot of people basically stand at the main walkways which is shaded.  It makes really hard to break through the line and get to the restrooms on the other side.  People are downright obstinate when it comes to moving aside for you!Tip:  When you drive in to park, stay in the right lane.  You may notice that the left lane is shorter but there's a reason...People in the right lane get to park in the closer lot.  If you get in the left lane, you will be routed to a far lot where you pay the same amount of money and walk three times as far to get to the stadium.  We got suckered the first day.  Totally doesn't make sense!!Bright side is most of the staff there are quite friendly and can be helpful.
4	Beautiful stadium.If youre not familiar w/ Tempe Diablo, its the spring training stadium you pass on the 10 just before (or after depending on which direction youre headed) the Broadway curve. It can only be accessed off of 48th st.We went on the 2nd day of spring training this year, an unusually cold and breezy day. Parking was so, so easy. We got a great space right across from the 1st baseline wall. Tickets were pretty decently priced as well.This place looks a lot smaller when youre outside of it. There really isnt a bad seat in this Angel filled house. We tried several in our search for the perfect amount of sun (warmth). Theirs lots of good food and beer to choose from. They have a super mini Four Peaks bar here. Be wary of the grills along the 3rd base line though, at a certain point in the game the wind shifted and so did the smoke. We walked out smelling like charred burgers.All in all a good stadium to spend a day at.
5	First time Spring Trainer. Nice scenary but the stadium is a little outdated.The secret is out... If you want to snag some BP baseballs stand behind the right field wall facing the street. Everybody stands behind the left field wall in the parking lot. You'll have no competition and plus all the balls that make it over the fence go over the right field wall. I think I got 8 or 9.Go 2014 Angels, season of redemption.
3	Standard spring training venue here. Went here for the D'backs vs Angels game and to my surprise it seemed to be ALL angels fans, yeah I know it's the Angels facility but I thought for sure Arizona would have the home field advantage In Tempe AZ.Not much to say about the stadium as you've all been to one of these places at some point but I will comment on the food. The food is BAD. Very limited and basic selection. I had the polish and the bun was stale and they offered no grilled onions. I also tried they Honey Bears rib tips, they were O.K. , Kind of hard and the BBQ sauce wasn't great but for $8.00 they might have been the best value in the park.Ill admit, part of my disappointment is because I've been to the salt river fields and they had a much wider variety of vendors and higher quality food. Seemed like at salt river I was enticed to buy some food item everywhere I turned but at diablo stadium the food was comparable to the truck outside of Home Depot.  Bottom line for me, if I'm going to be confined to your venue for HOURS, you better make sure the overpriced food your selling me is good. 3 stars because the venue is suitable but the food brings the experience down.
3	First time here to watch Angels/Dodgers game March 6. Nice venue. Just wish I had known about the golf carts that will take you from your car up the LONG ramp up to the gate. It's no fun walking up with a bad back. And get seats in the infield. Bench seats in the outfield are very uncomfortable.
5	Love this stadium! Beautiful and comfortable place to watch some Angels baseball. Great views and wonderful atmosphere! Will be back again next year! Wish there were a few more food choices at the stadium but not that big of a deal.
4	I came here for Spring Training (GO Angels!) with my family. The stadium itself is fabulous. Great size, lots of grass area for the cheaper tickets. Just bring a blanket and sunblock, and you're good to go!We came earlier than the game start time, so we had an opportunity to tailgate for a bit. The lot appeared to become quite crowded after some time, so I'm not sure that parking is plentiful. The staff were great, and allowed us to drink/eat in the lot. The only problem was that there are NO available restrooms/port-a-potties outside of the stadium. So unless you have an RV with you, you can't drink too much - otherwise, you're not going to have a place to take a leak. I did see several men taking trips behind a large cargo bin at the edge of the lot, but certainly no women. My sister-in-law and I had to shmooze some of the TV crew to let us use their own special port-a-potty because there was no other option.Aside from that ordeal, the stadium is roomy, clean, and sells plenty of food and booze. The views are beautiful, and the vibe is awesome. Looking forward to making this an annual trip!
1	Worst traffic management at any stadium in America. It took us 20 minutes to get from the corner to the lot.
3	I always have a good time at Diablo stadium.  Its not an enormous stadium like the new Dbacks or Cubs facilities, but it gets the job done.  Plenty of seating including a lawn in addition to bleachers and seated sections. There is also a large picnic type area where you can sit and eat your food in comfort instead of trying to eat out of your lap.  They have a decent selection of brews and food for the spring training fan here... I recently saw they serve 'Super' Nachos in a take home helmet.  I can't imagine it is easy to hold a round helmet full of gooey, cheesy, meaty chips with one hand and eat with the other, but it sure looked fun!  They have Leinenkugel's, Four Peaks and a few others on tap, in addition to the usual big bomber cans of domestics.  The bf ate chicken street tacos from the Dos Gringos stand and at $5 for the pair it was a fair-priced snack, which can be hard to come by at ball games.  Get your sunscreen and check out an Angels game next time you get the chance!
1	I went to a Spring Training game here on Monday 3/17/14.  The stadium is just off the freeway so I arrived in the area about 75 minutes before the game.  The traffic was backed up on the freeway and the main street was a mess.  I waited almost an hour to get to what I thought was the parking lot only to find out it was the parking for the local Marriott.  People were very frustrated cutting others off in traffic, being aggressive and I witnessed a road rage incident while sitting in the line.  By the time I made it to the Marriott lot, they had been out of spaces for 15 minutes but they did not have a method to notify people.  I blame the Marriot for most of the mess but the City of Tempe need to plan better for events.Inside the stadium I found the place to be less than average for Spring Training games.  The food was not good, the customer service was average and we could not hear the speakers very well.  I will stick to other Spring Training facilities to see some games in the future.
