5	Best Thai food in Vegas. Authentic from the fiery fresh delicious curry to the friendly service. And not expensive. Well worth driving to from way up in northwest LV.
5	Okay -so its noon ;1 ish- I came across this quaint little place. At first when I arrived I was unsure what to expect, looked like a a cozy place and the sweet smell of BASIL and home cooked goods were in the air.., PRICES ARE almost TOO inexpensive.. I started with a nice ICED COLD THAI TEA it was delishThen I enjoyed Basil Noodle, a nice lite flat noodle with fresh basil, onions, chicken, bell peppers and JALAPENO mmmmmmm so delish
3	Was in the area around lunchtime and wanted to try something new.  Whipped out my trusty Yelp iPhone app (tm Yelp) and scrolled through Best Match results until I found Baan Mae Toy.   Even with only 3 reviews, them all being 5 stars made me figure it was worth a shot.   I called them up even without finding a trace of a menu online and asked if they had some sort of Spicy Basil dish with chicken.  This is my measuring stick for Thai restaurants as of late   Not surprisingly they did.   They asked how spicy I wanted 1-10 which pleased me (I don't have time to explain, read further Thai reviews of mine for more), and then I asked if it was available as a lunch special.   It was!   Okay so I'm batting 1000 at this point and decide to order an iced tea to go as well, and hope against hope that they have to-go cups.  Before I hung up I really tried to test my luck and ask if they had brown rice.  Ended up batting .750 after that strikeout.I arrive about 10 minutes later and was pleased to see my take-out order already bagged up and ready to go.   $8 all in AND the iced tea was handed to me in a standard to-go cup with a straw already in it.   It looked like they had some sort of buffet setup inside, and Ill be honest I don't really know what that was all about because as far as I can tell they do not have a buffet.  Perhaps they have some ready made food for quicker service at lunch?  Or maybe it wasn't even cooked yet.  I didn't investigate.Upon arriving back at my office I was pleased with the offering when I opened the to go container.  The colors on the basil dish were pleasant, with two heapings of white rice to go with it and a small eggroll included as well.  It looked very similar to what I expect from most other Thai restaurants when I get the same dish.   Unfortunately for my preferences that's where the similarity ended.  I'm a fan of the chicken being ground up as Archi's or Pin Kaow does it, or with sliced cuts of chicken like Prommares provides, but this was almost somewhere in between.  They weren't nicely sliced pieces of chicken, nor were they finely ground up chunks.   Most of it was stringy and sort of clumped together.  Texturally there was also quite a bit of fat which was slightly unsettling to me, and trust me, I love fat.  As far as flavor, it was successful for the most part, though I didn't think the heat on it equaled a true 7/10.  It was more what I expect out of maybe a 5.  The egg roll was fairly average.I was close to giving it a 2 but the price and extremely friendly service bump it up to a 3 for me.  At $5.95, it might be the cheapest thai food lunch special I know of.  In this case it seems that old adage of getting what you pay for might apply.
5	First time visit with a restaurant.com certificate, and it was a winner!  Sammy, our waiter, is the son of the owner; her name is Toy, and he explained that Baan Mae Toy means "House of Mama Toy."  Sammy was terrific, taking time to explain things on the menu, showing us bottles of wine that were available, and hanging around and chatting all through the meal.  Some people don't like this, but we encourage it; it makes us feel "part of the family" and adds to the restaurant experience, since we don't feel like just another face in the place.  We were the only people in the restaurant at 8 p.m., so he had no one else to attend to.The wine was only $3 a glass; if we were real drinkers, we could have staggered out of there!  The other prices were reasonable, too.  We started with Tom Ka, and the coconut soup was fragrant, with a lot of chicken, and just the right amount of spice.  It helped take the chill out of me, since were were there on the coldest night of the year so far.  Sammy said the thermostat was set to 83 degrees, but something's obviously wrong with their heating system.We followed that up with Pad See Ew, broad noodles which we got with beef, and a chicken curry dish served with a good-sized portion of rice that made a great leftover meal for me last night.  Both dishes were excellent.The room is set up with booths surround tables in the middle of the room.  It's spacious, and is nicely decorated with attractive dark coral walls above, and wood below.  Large framed posters of scenes of Thailand grace the walls.All in all, a really fine meal with very attentive and friendly service, and very good authentic food.
3	This has been the third set of owners for this location since I've started eating Thai food.  The new owners have been here for a year and half, so I was told by the wait staff.  Has it improved or not?  Neither, really!I ordered the Catfish Curry and the Crab Rangoon.  The Crab Rangoon was pretty ok.  It had a really thin, crispy pastry exterior that sort of lacked flavor.  At least it wasn't candy-like or overly greasy!  The filling consisted of the standard bit of cream cheese and crab. There wasn't enough crab meat for me to tell if it was imitation or not, but it certainly tasted like it.  The sweet and sour sauce was similar to many Thai restaurants, you know the type.. light and clear and not very sweet.  I like this kind of sweet and sour as a standard.  The Catfish Red Curry was also just pretty ok.  I asked for a 7/10, and it was more like a 4/10 for me.  Don't be afraid of the spice levels here, they seem to run a little light.  The catfish wasn't breaded or fried, which made feel a little healthier compared to how a lot of Thai restaurants prepare their curry fish dishes.  I did enjoy the light taste of the fish, however the curry was a little bland. While definitely not a sweet red curry, it was nice and creamy.  After digging down under the spice flavor though, there wasn't much there.  I added some fish sauce to liven it up and that helped.  Curry is a tough dish to judge a Thai restaurant on, and I am sure they have other great dishes here.  Skip the curries though unless you just can't help yourself.  I am betting that some of the more traditional dishes like Thai Beef Soup might be really good here.  The cook takes a lot of pride in her food, so I know there are some gems at this place!
4	We went here for lunch last week and it was very good. The service was fast and pleasant.They do have the $5.95 lunch specials, but we ordered off the regular menu. We had:Papaya Salad  $6.95Pork Larb  $7.95Pineapple Curry  $7.95Beef & Black Mushroom $7.95Tom Yum Noodle Soup $6.95Plus 3 drinks for only $45 and we were stuffed and had plenty to take home.We were sharing the papaya salad and the larb so we kept the spice level at a 6. I would have gone a little spicier, but the 2 people with me were afraid to go higher than a 6. One of them thought the spice level was just right the other thought it was just a little too much. My Tom Yum was very tasty and loaded with lots of yummy bits.The Pineapple Curry would probably be great for someone who isn't sure if they like thai food. It was sweet and mild.Beef & black mushrooms was my least favorite, but the other 2 thought it was great and said they would order it again.
3	We came in for dinner for the first time using a $10 Restaurant.com coupon.  It was located on W Sahara Ave/between Arville St and S Valley View Blvd in Las Vegas in a small strip mall.  The server motioned for us to take a seat.  There were only 2 other couples dining.  It took a few minutes for the server to bring us our menus and even longer to take our order.We ordered the Yellow Pork Curry and the Garlic Shrimp.  The carrots and potatoes in the curry were way over cooked.  The flavor of the curry was good and the pork was tender.The Garlic Shrimp was served on a bed of raw cabbage with a sliced cucumber and shredded carrot garnish.  There were 10 small shrimp with the tails on.  I would order this dish again.The server actually came by to check on us.  When we were done, I asked for a box for the left over rice.  The server took the rice and boxed and bagged it which was a nice touch.If we did return, we would come back for the $5.95 lunch special which includes salad and a wonton.
5	Love this place. Looks clean and great food. If you are in a hurry during lunch it may not be a great place, a little under staffed.Portions are perfectly sized, and the Thai ice tea is made to perfection. My favorite dish here is the stuffed chicken wings, a must try!
4	I have been becoming a fan of Thai food and with a restaurant.com  certificate my daughter and i went here for a lil mommy and daughter time for a lil lunch. SHE loved it and i did as well. Portion size very big, our first time trying pad thai noodles and it was tasty. We had plenty to take home and didnt spend a whole lot at all. I would recommend and try again
5	I really enjoyed eating here! The place was clean and the service/food is great!! I will be coming back as much as I can!  My water was never empty... Never had to ask for my waiter! They always checked up on me! Love it! I don't often write great reviews but they deserve it:)
5	Fresh food, real tamarin - authentic Thai. 7 is quite spicy. Service was very good, A+ - I would recommend the lunch special as it's only 5.95 - Thai ice tea was very good - some of the sweetest I've ever had. Can't wait to try the curry!
5	Love this place!  If you like mom and pop places and great service with  awesome food this is the place!
1	I am so disappointed in my recent experience with this thai restaurants. I discovered this place on yelp and noticed the high reviews it had but only 12 people reviewed this place. So I decided to give it the my benefit of the doubt. While service was very nice and attentive it cannot get all it star for just the service. When I enter Baan Mae Toy, my guest and I noticed that it was empty and no one was dining at the restaurant beside us. The Thai Style Ice Tea was decent. We ordered the fish cake, pad kee-mao and chicken pad thai.The fish cake cost $7.95 and it came out really greasy. It seem like they just pulled it out of the fryer and served it to the guest. The fish cake itself lacked favor and seem like it needed a dipping sauce. The grease itself was a turn off and we did not finish eating the dish. It was the appetizer so maybe the chief will be on his/her A game during the meal. We ordered the pad kee-mao and chicken pad thai. The pad kee-mao was really nothing to rave about but it was more decent than the tradition pad thai. The Chicken Pad Thai was extremely sour. It might have been the sauce on the overall dish. It left this really bad after taste in your mouth that need water to wash away. This is probably the worst Pad Thai, that I had tried and I was unable to finish my dish. I definitely  will avoid this place in the future and probably go back to Thai Style Noodle House.
4	I got the tom yum, papaya salad and larb. Overall food was good except the larb was watery from too much lettuce. Anyway its not really a big deal. Service was fast and the servers were friendly.
4	I wasn't a huge fan of the beef and broccoli, but their yellow curry was great! Generally I order 2 entrees and a soup so my lady and I have leftovers. But tonight, she was on her freaking own. I made that curry my prison bit... Well, you get the point.Their service is always quick and the place is usually pretty dead. But their food is great overall and the people are really nice. This is an excellent off-Chinatown Thai place.
5	Working around the area, my coworkers and I are always looking for new places to go. We stumbled upon this little Thai restaurant along Sahara one day... and fell in love! The lunch specials are cheap and delicious, and the staff is amazing. I almost always get the pad Thai or pad see-ew. Never ever disappoints! Each lunch special comes with a side salad and an eggroll too. Their spicy levels are very advanced. Rated from 1-10, I usually have to get a 0. Friends who can handle really spicy stuff can never go higher than a 3-4, so keep that in mind! The basil fried rice is also amazing! We come here once a week now at minimum for our Thai fix. Probably one of the most underrated places I've been too in a while! Definitely support this family owned restaurant 100%!
5	I've had Thai food in Thailand, from many places in the SF Bay Area, in LA (especially around "Thai Town"), various other places around the US, and in Europe... every place is slightly different, every place brings a new angle to a typical or maybe not-so-typical dish.My favorites are the smaller places owned and operated by family or small business owners in general... off the beaten path sometimes.  This is that sort of place, give or take.They have some items on their menu that aren't so common and the people working have always been friendly and courteous (and they even put up with my rusty Thai language skills in most cases).  The food was tasty and reminded me of the home-cooked meals I've had many, many times in my travels.There are other, more popular Thai restaurants in the Vegas area and they are pretty good, but this one remains high on my list of favorites.
4	Great little secret place. Good, cheap food, and it was empty when we were here, so service was quick.
5	This is the husband's and I go to place for thai. Great customer service every time and the food is delicious. Our top favorites have to be the crispy pork with mint, basil fried rice, yellow curry and the tom kha. If you're in the area, give them a try! Everytime we've been there have been open tables and never a wait, which is great.
