1	I recently stayed at The Planet Hollywood Towers, so this was a convenient place to shop.  The service wasn't that bad at the store, I did have sales people come and offer to help, but I came in a knew what I wanted.  The only complaint I had was that the cashier forgot to take off the sensor on my bra and I didn't notice it until I got home and unpacked in CA.  When I went to one of the stores in San Jose, they said I needed the original receipt (which I tossed in Vegas) and the receipt needed to match the exact price.  This is ridiculous because I had a coupon and a rewards of $10 that I used, so how would that match.  It was so frustrating that this had happened.  I told them I can print out the receipt from my bank statement, but they said that they can't except that.  This was frustrating because I buy stuff here all the time and I wish they were more helpful instead of being so gosh darn snobby.
2	I was doing some shopping at the Miracle Mile Shops and I had a discount coupon I wanted to use at Victoria's Secret before it expired. I was rather discouraged with the selection for the specific items I was looking for.. It seemed like this store stocked every possible color, but only extra smalls or larges. I ended up picking up a couple items I didn't really want because I couldn't get what I actually wanted. Finding someone to let me into the changing room was a hassle, even though I saw a good half dozen employees on the floor. When I was finally ready to pay, the cashier had a bit of difficulty applying my discount. This is a standard discount card that Victoria's Secret sends out quite regularly, all VS employees should know how to apply these. Overall, this location was a disappointment.
5	Obviously I'm a chick, I'm going to love a place that sells all manner of lingerie. But, this store goes above and beyond because it has Christine. She's manager extraordinaire. I went in one night looking for a specific pair of panties to go with a bra that I had purchased a few months earlier. Of course I'm out of luck because VS has this amazingly annoying habit of discontinuing only the things I love.They keep the stretchy lace that is extremely uncomfortable and shows through anything that isn't jeans, they keep the cheekys that only 18 year olds can wear and the weird maid looking thing that I wouldn't wear on a supermodel day, but the very simple, sexy panties that I die for? No. They have them for six months then you never see them again. Meanwhile, the lace and weird stuff sticks around like industrial strength velcro. Ugh.Anyway, went in and OF COURSE encountered the same problem, but this time there was Christine. It's amazing how my anxiety level goes down just talking to someone who knows what the hell they're talking about AND sticks around to explain, guide and convince you of what you really need. That is what happened on this day.I was led to the most fabulous NEW panties (that, according to VS, everyone loves - expect those gone in a month) that matched perfectly with one bra. I was also led to another kind that, while matched in color, didn't match in style. But thank you for your effort anyway, Christine, it was phenomenal.This is a big store and it has all the latest and greatest. You'll find everything you need from utilitarian (in a VS way, of course) to downright get-your-groove-on sexy. VS always delivers and I love them.
1	Went to VS in the Miracle mile Shops and got absolutely NO SERVICE!!!! I walked in passes a sales person who by the way didn't greet meet but looked right at me when I walked into the store! Then I walked around hoping someone would offer to assist me because I really needed help trying to find a bra.....I passed two more girls on the floor so caught up in a personal conversation that they were too busy to notice me do I walked out! It's no wonder this store is empty....BAD service!!! I will never go back!
2	First let me say, the products are great. The two stars were for the cashier's attitude. She was pretty dry when conversing, as if I was a bother to her. Umm, hello! Why do you work there if you don't want to be spoken to?! Moron. Or perhaps its the fact people are shopping while you work? C'est La Vie, honey. They need to keep in mind, the cashier is typically the last employee you come in contact with ( as far as making your purchase). Overall, this one kind of sucked bec of that and I'll stick to the one in The Forum Shops.
1	Worst VS I have ever been to. Only one person was friendly and welcoming. I had an associate carrying a box of hangers walk through me scratching me with the box. No recognition or anything. I did not purchase anything.
