5	L&L Carpet Cleaning did a GREAT job cleaning the carpets in my home. I found them on Groupon and they upheld the deal without trying to upsell me anything! Pre-treatment was included in the base price and I requested deodorizer for one of our rooms. Lucas texted me a few hours in advance to make sure we were still on for the appointment. He and his brother arrived 5 minutes early and got straight to work. Overall it took a little over an hour to take of all of our carpet (living room, dining room, 2 bedrooms and hallway). The carpet looks almost brand new! I will definitely use this company in the future! Thank You L&L!
5	L&L Carpet Cleaning did a great job! Lucas is really nice and texted me an appointment confirmation and arrived on time. I was worried about the pet stains and black spots from where there's a lot of traffic in my apartment. He pre-treated and got everything out though! My carpet is a light color and now looks virtually new. I'm very happy and will definitely refer them and use them in the future. Thank you!
5	Beginning with Larissa (the first part of the L & L team who manages the appointments and follows up with confirmations) this company is all about customer service.  Add to this the second half of the L & L team (Lucas and his brother) and this is a #1 carpet cleaning company.  They are knowledgeable, professional, punctual, and genuine young men.   My carpets are 100% better!  I not only will be using them again, I will be referring them to my family, friends, and neighbors.
5	L&L did a great job with my carpets and I will def be using them again and referring them to friends! They were very nice and professional both on the phone and in person.  Larissa confirmed my appointment as well as followed up with me afterwards to make sure I was satisfied with everything.  Lucas did a great job by arriving on time (and actually had to wait for me because I was late), got everything done in about an hour, and was very friendly the whole appointment regardless the fact that I made him wait.  I used a coupon as well and they honored it without trying to upcharge me anything.  Overall a great experience and looove my carpets again.
