4	Mais oui, nous sommes maintenant a Paris, non?Petit Paris is the most authentic French restaurant I've ever visited in Edinburgh!  From the tiny restaurant space, which feels intimate (and occasionally far too hot when it's busy) to the French waiters to the truly authentic menu, it really is like visiting a mini Paris in the inauspicious looking Grassmarket.The food is excellent: for main course, I had the coq au vin, my companion had the sausage, and for appetiser the terrine and the escargots.  We were blown away by the food - although it is heavy so definitely go hungry!  The wine was also great - recommended by our waiter, whose service was attentive but not overbearing.In general, highly recommend.  Just be prepared for the heat and intimacy - I promise, the food and service will be well worth it.
5	Aaah, Paris... One of my favourate cities in the world... After Edinburgh of course.Petit Paris, despite being in Edinburghs Grass Market, has all of the charm and flavour of a real Parisian side street bistro. Effortlessly cool and sophisticated, the atmosphere of Petit Paris is almost addictive - chilled, friendly, bustling and exciting.Petit Paris isnt cheap however, but this can easily be justified once you set eyes on your meal.The menu has two dsitinct characters - modern french food and snacks as well as more traditional and special French delicacies. The French onion soup is beaten only by places I have eaten it in Paris myself - not that you would be able to tell you were in Edinburgh as the whole staff team are French and very friendly.Petit Paris is a fabulous find, and I am already looking forward to my next trip to France - without ever leaving the country.
2	I had the fish soup when I came here (thinking along the lines of Cullen Skink...seafood showder...etc etc) but it was DISGUSTING. It tasted like a fish had gone into the blender, skin, bones, eyes and all, and put into a bowl. I had about 3 sips and couldn't eat any more. My friends also didn't enjoy their food either, one had venison (which was chewy) and the other had duck (which was rubbery). I'm just back from Paris, and can say with total confidence that this is nothing like it!
2	Location is great with the opportunity to eat outdoors if the weather co-operates while food and service were mediocre at best. Salmon was dry, potatoes were bland. I could have cooked it better myself. Not my favourite establishment after almost a week in Paris
5	Part of me thinks that anywhere on the Grassmarket can't be this good as it presumably gets loads of tourists, but I've never had a meal here that was anything less than excellent. Real French staff (so feel free to bust out your high school French class chops), real French food. They occasionally have special mid-week nights on for things like fondue which offers a good deal, but the menu is stuffed with classics so if you want to recreate your last French holiday, this is where to come. Their wine list is reasonably priced and they have a house wine which is good enough for me so you needn't spend a fortune on booze. Everything here is delicious: boudin noir with mustardy French salad, terrine, bouillabaisse, cassoulet, coq au vin, all the classics done well. The other night I had a lamb stew. The waiter brought it out in a little one pot serving that he then spooned onto my plate. The meat was so tender that it just fell apart under my fork.The service is very friendly and attentive but not pushy, and the place has a nice atmosphere as well, cosy without being cramped. Upstairs is probably nicer but even being in the downstairs bit with no windows is quite snug and atmospheric. Although to be honest I haven't been in the downstairs bit in ages so I may be looking back with rose tinted lunettes. There's also outside seating for those three days a year when the weather obliges. But upstairs or downstairs, inside or out, this place delivers every time.
3	A cute little French restaurant on Grassmarket. Interior is small with about six tables and a nice French country decor.  Lovely ambiance. Service is also good as is the wine list. On nice days plenty of outdoor seating. Unfortunately I felt the food was average at best. Somewhat bland. I would probably not return for the food.
3	I had the peppercorn steak. I ordered it rare and it came out perfectly. The waitstaff were kind and efficient. Others in the group had the fish and chicken and they approved as well. We sat outside and the atmosphere was enjoyable. The house wine was acceptable.
5	True French restaurant. The mussels were amazing!! Had the best mackerel I've ever had. Tasted the French onion soup; flavor was so rich. Service throughout the meal was top notch. Even the dessert was the bomb.
