5	I was visiting Charlotte when I stumbled into this place.  Decor was great and the staff is extremely friendly!Definitely one of the nicest hair solon's in Charlotte!
4	Just had my first visit this past weekend and I really liked this place.  Everyone from the receptionist to the stylist to the owner were extremely friendly.  The owner came up and introduced himself thanked me for coming.  Jessica was great !  She talked to me about my hair alot which no other salon has really done.  I liked the fact that one person did everything from washing my hair, to color to cut.  Jessica made you feel right at home and she was just a blast to chat with.
5	Good people and great haircuts without the pretentious attitudes of other salons in this area.  I see Jason, the owner.  He's great with my curls.
5	Everyone here is extremely friendly and amazingly talented. They work together very nicely also.I always see Corey, who was amazing with my long hair and fantastic when we cut it all off. (Even though he said it hurt his feelings!) He did the coolest stuff with my red hair, even helped remove the black once! I had a beautiful brunette bob last time he saw me! He's def not afraid to play with color!Prices are awesome too!
4	I'm not all that much of a girly girl, but I will say this: I've learned one of the most important relationships in your life is with your hair stylist. So imagine my devastation when mine moved away 5 years ago. If you've ever had to search for a new salon, you know it's not easy. It's hard to trust a stranger with your hair. (And if you've ever had a bad experience.. it's just that much harder. TWSS)My friend Emilee recommended her stylist: Erica at Salon 42 (the Dilworth location). Emilee has more hair than anyone else I know... so I figured hey, if she can tame that lovely blonde head of hair... she can do anything. :)Erica does a great job. She takes the time for a thorough consultation before pulling out the scissors and dye. I trust her completely and always leave happy. I also recommend Corey. My entire group of girlfriends now go here. I'm pretty sure Emilee's weekly trips are what pays their electric bill.The prices are comparable to other salons in Charlotte. If you book an appointment.. tell them Nikki sent you!
5	I have been going to the owner, Jason, for over 10 years (way before Salon 42).  I am not someone that typically writes reviews, but I have to say......my hair looks awesome!  My last visit, yesterday was a typical day.  Jason asked how my color was and said "fine".  "FINE" he replies with a sneer - and I said "Ya - I am a little bored".  Well, that was all he needed to hear - and out came a new color product (one he had just gotten from a continuing ed seminar) and a new cut.  I have always trusted Jason and that is what is key.  He knows hair, plain and simple.  Staff is awesome - and not sure why someone commented negatively about the location......it's next to Ru San and Fran's Filling Station.  Two great places to eat.
5	I really enjoy coming to Salon 42 in Dilworth. I have been Erica's customer for a few years now and every single time she knows what will work best for my head. She works every different shade of blonde like a real pro and I leave the salon feeling totally sexy. She really takes a minute to look at your hair and your face shape, etc., to ensure that she can provide you the best new haircut.! Everyone that works there is super friendly and it is just a nice place to relax for an hr or two while you transform to your hottest self.
5	For most of my life I was a hair stylist whore... I mean seriously... I couldn't commit.Then about 4 years ago I started getting my hair done at Salon 42.  I never thought it was possible to love a salon or group of stylists as much as I love Salon 42.  Everytime I come in everyone is always super nice and says hi.  This is a high-quality salon without any pretentious stuffiness.For the rest of my life I may never let anyone besides Corey touch my hair.  He has skill and range. In the four years I've seen him he's done long, short, highlights, solid, reds, and browns.  Bottom-line is that no matter what the specifics I always have pretty hair.  Corey is nothing if not a perfectionist when it comes to his work. He takes pride in what he does and it shows. I always get compliments on my hair cut and color.I spend enough time in Salon 42 that I also know a few of the other stylists and have some friends and coworkers that see them.  Erica Poppen works next to Corey and she's alway super nice and I've never seen hair less than gorgeous walk out of her cubicle.  Crystal is also amazing, one of the sweetest most genuine people I've ever met and definitely knows her way around some hair too. Jason, the salon owner also does some seriously awesome hair.So basically I don't think you can go wrong here.
5	I'm a guy. I used to pay $8 for hair cuts or get them for free from a friend. Most cuts probably made me look like Lloyd Christmas.A few years ago I started to change the way I think about hair and started shelling out $25. I got a great cut and I kept going back.Last year I got a recomendation to see Jason at Salon 42 and because the person I used to go to was booked solid for month, I went.I pretty much told Jason that he came highly recomended so do whatever and if it sucked, my hair would grow back and I just wouldn't come back. However, Jason still took the challenge. He did an incredible job and I got more compliments than ever on my hair (something I never really pay attention to on other guys) from both men and women. One problem I have with my hair is that as it gets longer, it begins to curl at the edges. Also, while I have a full head of hair, the back grows more rapidly than the top and front (probably due to all that East TN water I used to drink). Whatever Jason does, he gives me a great cut the day of, but it now seems to grow much more even so now my entire head can have a party or be combed for business at the same time. I can choose!I have continued to go back every few months when the hair gets too shaggy and Jason not only remembers who I am but remembers what we last talked about. It makes it easy to have conversation and catch up while getting a top notch haircut.You can tell this is not a job for Jason but an actual passion. He and his wife have been opening up other locations recently and it is easy to see why they are so successful.I've heard girls get a great style and cut there but speaking as a guy, I highly recomend it for men's cuts.
5	I went to Salon 42 for the first time and met with Erica and she was awesome! She knew exactly what to do with my color. She really listened to me and have some great suggestions. I will definitely be going back from now on. The customer service, prices, and results are spot on.
5	Very nice cozy place. Friendly.  Krystal is the best!
5	I love Salon 42. Erica is fantastic. I couldn't commit in Charlotte to a new salon--i'm pretty picky. After going crazy one day and allowing the girl I had been going to off and on for about a year to chop 10 inches from my hair, I knew it was time to get serious to find a new salon. I have nothing but great things to say about Erica and the whole Salon 42 experience. Five stars for sure!
5	Salon 42 did my wedding over Christmas!  My hair and my bridesmaid's was beautiful and they were very professional.  Thanks again for making my day special :)
5	I had the pleasure of visiting Katie at Salon 42 this past weekend- I typically like to wait a few days before I put the verdict out on a haircut-I want to see how it lays after I shampoo it, how it looks after I sleep on it wet (I know, I'm lazy), what it does with my somewhat lacking styling prowess-but the cut I got from Katie has looked amazing whatever I do, from wash-and-go to serious blow-out! She was great to work with, and made me feel immediately like a regular, even though it was my first visit! Great experience, great cut, great stylist-I'll be back!
5	Great salon with 2 locations in Charlotte.   Always come away happy with a new cut and color.  Ask for Jessica Riddle.....she is the best!
5	I LOVED my experience here.  I found this place on Yelp and will definitely be coming back. The salon owner and master stylist was familiar with my hair type (thin, fine) and knew just what to do to give it lift without taking too much off. He worked efficiently and was super friendly- I was in and out in an hour. They also shampoo your hair right at the hair styling station, and carry Bumble and Bumble products. I had a great experience here!
5	Let me tell you a little story......I called Salon 42 and ordered a $100 gift certificate to be mailed to my daughter for her birthday.  I live out of state and could not be with her.  There was a mix up at the Salon and the gift certificate was never sent.  The morning of the birthday I called the shop and spoke to the owner, Cara.  She couldn't have been nicer and she very much wanted to make things right. She personally delivered the gift (which she had created a beautiful gift bag of goodies along with a balloon) to my daughter's place of work.  But wait.........she also SANG Happy Birthday to my daughter AND video taped it and sent it to me so I could enjoy the birthday wish too!  Now THAT is going the extra mile!  I was absolutely thrilled that a business owner would go that out of the way to please a customer!  Cara, you are a doll and it is easy to see why your business is so successful !!!  You are a wonderful person and I would recommend you and your salon to anyone for the mere fact that you care so much about your customers and the services you provide!  Everyone go to Salon 42 and tell Cara she sings a great Happy Birthday!(I would have uploaded the video but couldn't figure out how to do it :(   Sorry)
5	I still really love coming to Salon 42 to visit with Erica P. She is so thorough and precise and asks just enough questions to see what it is you are wanting that day. I typically get two different blonde hi lights and a cut, sometimes mixing it up with some red. For my wedding hair last year, she topped my gorgeous blonde mane with a peach glaze that looked perfect in my wedding pictures and even better on the beach on my honeymoon. She even custom dyed a hair piece I wanted to wear on my big day. Above and beyond!This time I got a dip dyed sort of look with a custom reddish pink blend and I love it lots. It was raining and Todd even grabbed an umbrella when I left and walked me to my car so my new locks didn't get all mussed in the rain. :Go check them out if you need a new salon and ask for Erica.
5	Love this place!!! I found it on here bc of the great reviews and let me tell you, they were right!!!! I will definitely be making this my new salon :)
5	I took a huge leap of faith and decided to try Salon42 in Dilworth. My husband and I moved to North Carolina about a month ago so we're still fairly new and I've been dying for a haircut. After MUCH research, I went with my gut feeling that Salon42 was going to be a great decision...and I must say, I LOVED IT! The salon looks awesome and I love how the layout is. My stylist, Sabrina, did my hair and I am so in love with it! She was such a doll and knew exactly what I wanted with "I think I need layers and thinning" lol! She is very talented and just knows what hairstyle will fit you. Will be coming back, and will make my husband swing by too!I recommend Salon42, and most definitely Sabrina!
5	Used Yelp to find Salon 42 and it was a great decision...great staff and I've really enjoyed my new stylist Erica! Would suggest this salon42 to any guy in need of a haircut.
5	Great experience! I just moved to the area and was needing to get my hair done. I'm blonde and had highlights before I moved to Charlotte, but she wasn't a girl I usually see, however I was in a weird situation and desperately needed my hair done. She basically just slapped on the blonde and it ended up being more like all over color rather than highlights with dimension.Before scheduling an appointment at Salon 42, I read about them in reviews and checked out their site. When I called I briefly explained what had happened and that I wanted someone who was especially good at working with blonde. They paired me with Kerri and I couldn't be happier with the job she did! She was extremely nice and I like that she wasn't afraid to be creative and use a few shades of blonde to add dimension back into my hair. She's also blonde and said about 90% of what she does is blonde and she loves it. That in itself made me more comfortable because she knows what it's like to have blonde go bad. If you're looking for someone who knows their blonde then Kerri is your girl! They even offer $10 off your first visit which was a nice bonus. I'll definitely be going to see her as long as I'm in the area.
