4	My husband, his grandparents, and I stopped by for dinner tonight (it's near the Mayo clinic-the reason why we're in Phoenix) and were pleasantly surprised by all the amazingly healthy options. His grandparents had a number of dietary restrictions, because they have lab tests tomorrow. They needed to stay away from fried or fatty foods. My husband is vegetarian. I like to eat organic whenever I can.Our waitress told us that the meats and fish were all fresh (never frozen). The chicken is organic. The greens and vegetables are organic and local when possible. They have a juicer!!! I had two pint glasses of carrot-ginger-orange juice, before my dinner came out.For dinner, I had a delicious guacamole salad with a mix of greens that was more interesting than the standard mesculun mix. It was lightly dressed, with a really flavorful, light lime dressing, which was just to my liking. I also had a small grilled fish taco, garnished with salsa fresca, and served with a side of jicama, cucumber and carrot salad. All light and delicious. Again, not oversauced. I only wish it had been served with a lime. I also got a side of braised greens, which were served with a light wasabi soysauce (a bit too strong on the wasabi for me, near the bottom). The mix of greens was lively (definitely some radish or turnip greens, as well as spinach) and cooked very nicely (not overcooked and mushy). My husband had the kung-fu girl salad, which had a little bit of seaweed salad, organic mixed greens (same interesting mix), mushrooms, carrots, with a ginger, soysauce dressing (with wasabi to taste). He loved it. He also had their vegetarian burger with a side of kimchi. The kimchi was excellent, with cilantro unlike the traditional version, but almost authentic (my korean parents would eat it with relish), and the portion was generous, which meant I got to eat plenty too. His grandmother had the grilled fish special (salmon) which was served with grilled vegetables (it looked like a nice mix with asparagus, peppers) and the cold jicama, cucumber garnish. Super healthy and delicious.  His grandfather had the short ribs, with grilled vegetables and an amazing potato mash (diced potatos with bacon and leeks). He almost cleaned his plate, which is really rare since he doesn't have much of an appetite any more. The service was attentive. The waitress helped us steer our grandmother away from the fish & chips. The general manager came by and spoke to us about the menu (very eclectic - "chino-latino" - lots of american standards-like burgers-but lots of mexican and asian (ramen, udon, kimchee) as well).We were there early. The jazz band was just getting started when we left. We were glad to miss it, because his grandmother would not have been able to hear us over the music.Good, unpretentious food, made with great, fresh ingredients. Definitely better food than you'll find at any other music venue. We'll definitely be back this week.
5	I have been looking for a place like this since I moved to Phoenix.  My wife and I recently visited during happy hour on a Friday night.  The music was pretty good and free.  Most importantly the volume was perfect - not completely in the background, but low enough to have a conversation at the bar.  The atmosphere is great with laid-back, but sophisticated feel.   The beer selection is not extensive, but there are a few good choices on draft and you won't find many (any?) bars in this area charging only $4 for an import (for comparison, the Skeptical Chemyst charges $5.75 for similar beers).  My wife tried a pomegranate margarita and a mojito.  They were excellent, but closer to the usual Scottsdale price at $8.  The food we tried was delicious.  There are plenty of bar-type items on the menu but also a number of interesting salads and vegetarian options.  We tried a combination of roasted tomato salsa and avocado sauce with tortilla chips.  The chips were made fresh and the salsas were very good.  I had the same  avocado salsa at many restaurants near Merida, Mexico on a recent trip, and this version was easily as good.  The price for this appetizer was about $5 (~$2.50 during happy hour)  We also tried a sandwich that was a mix between a Cuban sandwich and a Mexican torta.  The ham and roast pork on this sandwich were incredible.  I expect the tacos were probably made from the same pork, and therefore, would be worth a try.   The Cuban sandwich was $12.95, but it was very large.   There is a good mix of items from $5-$24 on the menu, so everyone can find something to match their budget.
4	What can I say, I love music, I love beer and I love food.This place has all of those things and more.Music:They have an awesome sound system (I know cause I've played through it several times).  They have great bands come through, like What Laura Says, The Latest, The Sugar Thieves, Chuck Hall Band and Many more.Beer:They stock a very decent tap.  Highlights would be Moose Drool, Pilsner Urquell  and Racer 5 IPA for me, but they have some good reggies like Blue Moon, Fat Tire, etc.Food:The food is a quasi american/ mexican/ hipster thing.  I've had the Blue Burger which was tasty and the Green Chili and Cheese tamales, which I devoured in seconds flat.  I've seen some other seriously good looking stuff grace other peoples' lips as well.Bottom Line:I like this place a lot.  It has a great feel to it, it's spacious, they have great bands, booze and food.  The only problem I can see with it is it's location... Mayo and Scottsdale?  I wish it were more centrally located.
4	Discovered this place accidentally while driving through after some shopping in the area. So glad we stopped in as we found it was a live music venue!! Not many of these around in this area. The night that we were there it was writer's night....for the yet undiscovered musicians. We only had time for a quick bite and listened to one musician who was great. We also took home a list of up and coming shows ..... some impressive musicians lined up. They do charge cover for the more popular shows but Thursday (writer's night) has no cover charge. Also I believe we were told there was no live music Sunday and Monday. The food was good can recommend the Fish and Chips as well as the Napa Crisp which is Brie, Apricots, diced jalapeno with a lime honey dressing. Only thing I would change is the lighting....too light in some areas .... eyes should be directed towards the musicians when they are playing. We will definitely be back to see some shows as well as check out writer's night again some time....great to have a local music venue! : )
4	A friend invited me to The Compound to listen to the amazing Chuck Hall Band.  I had no idea what to expect due to no time to Yelp beforehand.Plenty of parking and pleasant landscape greet you upon opening the front door. I arrived at the time Chuck Hall was due on stage and didn't have to pay a cover :-) friends held a table right in front of the stage. I love that this venue is spacious and inviting with tv screens playing streaming video of live concerts prior to the band taking stage.Drink menu offered a nice selection and was not overwhelming.  I ordered their Cruz margarita, only $3.....woo hoo!!!!!  And quite yummy I might add.  I will have to agree with other yelpers that the service was very slow.  It took a good 20 mins to flag down a server, with several empty handed ones passing by.  After ordering our drinks it took another good 15 min to get them :-( I work in the food industry and tend to be picky but I fully understand off days.  The place wasn't packed and didn't seem under staffed so I don't know what was up. Ok, margarita time !!!!! With drink in hand I  stroll across their yummy menu filled with many options. Far from boring bar food!!! I  selected the guacamole and chips for starters.  Feeling festive I order the ten mini tacos and mix up the meat fillings, chicken, salmon, shredded pork and beef.    The speed of the food was far faster than the drinks!  Guacamole was served with a generous helping of delicious chips fir dipping. Guac was good, just needed a little sea salt. The tacos arrived within 5 mins of the guac.... Now on my second margarita and feeling the blues being delivered, I'm a happy camper. The tacos were amazing, plenty of punched packed in a mini size!  The band sounded great here.  Not too loud and super clear.  The servers seem to go  astray when the band was playing and was super hard to get a drink.  Service seemed to get worse at this point.  We had more offers to take our unfinished plates than to order drinks.  Weird!!!All in all I would go back to see another band play and give the service another college try!
5	It is a geat place, with great food and prices to match, one of the best in the Scottsdale area.  As you can tell by the stars.  Great music for everyone.  My Girlfriend took me there and I was blown away.  Being a somewhat veggie, loads to choose from.  When in Scottsdale check this place out and great wines by the glass.
3	Cool atmosphere and concept. We didn't stay for the band that was playing that night, but it looked promising. The service was decent. Everyone was friendly. As for the food, the menu seemed fairly healthy and they use local and organic when possible, which is always great. I had the Mahi-Mahi Fish Tacos and side of grilled veggies. The tacos were great. The fish was prepared in a delicious spice rub (not too spicy) and paired with pico de gallo. They were light, healthy and flavorful. The veggies on the other hand...I could take 'em or leave 'em. I'm not a huge fan of bell peppers, so I'm slightly biased. Overall it was pretty good...I would return.
1	Brutal service, boring food, Cougar Town.  Been there twice, both times waited over 20 minutes to have our order taken.  Then another 45-60 minutes to get the food, which was totally unremarkable.  Sounds great on paper (local, organic, etc.) but it just doesn't translate to the taste.  Good beer selection and that's about all that's going for it.  Too bad, because it's a neat venue.  Someone sank a bunch of money into it, but the payoff just isn't there.  With all the options available nearby, can't see why anyone would go there.
4	Let me start this review out by saying I am an audio snob.  I think a music venue will make it or break it by their sound system.  You can tell The Compound really invested a good amount of time and money into their sound system.  Watching the sound man run around the place with a digital equalizer shows that The Compound knows what they are doing.  With that being said....I walked into The Compound not knowing what to expect and not hearing any reviews.  I just know that they were about to bring some of my favorite national acts to Scottsdale.  I wanted this place to be great but being in N Scottsdale, I had my doubts.  I was wrong.First impression was a nice one.  Lots of parking, clean outdoor area and someone to open the door for me.  I paid for my ticket (ticket prices are not bad if you are to compare this place to the Marquee) I immediately hit up the bar and I had to do a double take.  Were these prices correct?  I am in N Scottsdale and I am about to pay $3 or a beer?  My wife is about to get a margarita for only $3?  To good to be true.  The drink selection is all over the place and CHEAP.  That is a major bonus that The Compound cannot change if they want to stay in business.  There is nothing worse than paying an arm and a leg for a concert ticket only to get raped by drink prices.  KUDOS.  If drinks were expensive here, I would rationalize going to some of these upcoming shows. The place was packed for a Garaj Mahal show (awesome jazz band) I was not a fan of the way the tables were set up.  Nice size stage in a room filled with tables.  Not much room to dance.  It didn't look encouraged.  I was told later that at more "dance" shows, they clear a good amount of tables.  Luckily a party left leaving a table open in the front row right in the corner.  PERFECT!  I asked the hostess if we could sit there and she immediately went over and cleared the table for us.  I was impressed!After reading some other Yelp reviews, the main drag seems like the service.  I can't agree but I can't disagree.  Our waiter was on us like white on rice which got really annoying but by the end of the show, we could never find him.  I heard other friends from other tables complaining about the service as well.  If I had my way, I'd sit at the table and go to the bar to order drinks, but I am not that guy who's going to steal a waiters table.For four people, we ordered 5 apps and 1 sandwich.  All of the dishes were different from other restaurants we frequent and quite impressive.  The Napa Crisp stood out the most.  A crispy wheat pita topped with apricot, brie, jalapenos (not spicy) and a fantastic lime honey jelly.  Another winner was the fried green tomatoes.  I'd stay away from the crap empanada.  We also got the Kung Fu Girl with Ahi Tuna (amazing blend on veggies and unique dressing) and the Cuban Sandwich (not a traditional Cuban but a decent soft, tender sandwich) Overall, four people who were drinking, 3 apps, 1 salad and 1 sandwich came to $75.  That was $75 less than what we thought the final tab was going to be.  The Compound would have gotten 5 stars if the service was better, but overall I was impressed.  I am so relieved there is a place in the valley that is a great place to see live music.  I only hope the best for this place.  If they keep getting in the acts that they are getting in March, (Karl Denson, Emmit Nershi Band and Martin Sexton) then I will continue to keep coming.
4	Okay, I didn't go for the music, I stopped by for lunch!  I was there for the food, and I was impressed.  The menu (while a little hard to read) offered a variety and everyone in the party was happy with the food.  The service was impressive, friendly, on top of the drinks and kept us posted on the status of our order.I was boring with the Bacon Cheeseburger, which was great, but the Cobb Salad looked awesome, with or without the Tuna or Ahi.  The special sounded great (Crab Salad Sandwich) and lived up to the description according to one member of my party.The place looked like a great venue for live music and just hanging out after work.  Well worth a check.
4	This is a nice place, with a great ambience and wonderful stage.  The music sounded terrific all across the restaurant and the food was very good.  I liked the fresh nature of the food and the service was quick and delightful.  My fiance has had a couple gigs and he also enjoyed the venue as a musician - it's comfortable and the stage is nice.  This is going to be a very popular place very soon!
1	I would like to give the Compound Grill a half star, or maybe no stars at all, but I'll have to settle for one. Last night a large group of us went to see Karl Denson's Tiny Universe, posted on their website to begin at 8pm. We purchased tickets and arrived at half past seven to find that the show had been moved to 9pm. No big deal, we thought, we'll just share a few bottles of wine and pass the time.Meanwhile, a dozen television screens fill every wall with coverage of the McDowell Mountain Music Festival. Everywhere you look there's a screen of some jam band going on and on and the volume is way too high. Okay, no big deal we thought. Karl Denson is gonna show up and they'll turn this shit off and the night will begin.9pm passes and then 10pm passes. When we discussed the matter with a few of the hostesses/waitresses, they told us that they'd spoken with Karl Denson and he was on his way. On his way? This is at about 10:20pm. And if we wanted to hang around (with a bunch of $18 tickets), the show should start pretty soon, she said. When we asked to talk with a manager one of the women said there wasn't a manager available. What? How about the owner? can we please talk to someone? She informed us that the owner was probably home and asleep by now. Brilliant. Pushing 11pm we left. They were still doing sound check.The incompetence of this place was pretty legendary last night. A "sorry" would've been good enough for us. But, there was nothing but excuses and lack of responsibility taken. Maybe next time you can hold a contract with the visiting musicians. If they don't show, don't pay them. Regardless of what you do Compound Grill, we're gonna get our refund.
4	The Northeast Valley is desperately lacking places to enjoy live music... I'm so glad for the Compound Grill. We had a great time there listening to music and having a few drinks. They had a pretty extensive selection of drinks and beers. The waitress was attentive (though we did wonder if maybe she was having a few drinks of her own in back... at least she was having fun with her job). The Compound had quite an eclectic crowd, which is a breath of fresh air from some Scottsdale bars. We also had a fun time watching the crowd that was dancing... there sure were some interesting moves out there! Some of the food items on the menu looked good... I didn't have anything to eat when I was there, but when I do, I'll add a new review on that.
4	Exactly what the Valley was in need of, a place where you can go and listen to great live music, while being able to enjoy a wide variety of food and drink. The Compound Grill accomplishes all of these prerequisites and does it in North Scottsdale of all places. The location and access is great, located just West of Scottsdale Road and on the North side Mayo Boulevard. The menu is incredible, with a ton of organic and locally grown ingredients to satisfy your cravings from Mexican food, to upscale Bar fare, to even brunch on the weekend. But, what sets The Compound Grill apart from other Valley bars/restaurants is the COMMITMENT to live musical performances, many of which are local acts. Be sure to visit the restaurants website to stay up to date with all of the eclectic bands that are scheduled to perform. If your looking for a great venue to drink, eat, and enjoy some live music with your friends, its hard to beat The Compound.
5	The Compound Grill was a big surprise for me.  Generally I shy away from restaurants in big strip malls and restaurants in North Scottsdale.  So a restauraunt in a giant strip mall in North Scottsdale?First, there was live music playing while we ate.  We arrived early so there was no cover charge.  Just some nice background music while we dined.Second, the menu was great.  LOTS of stuff for those of us who enjoy a healthy meal. I had mahi mahi with roasted vegetables and a big side salad, all for 16 bucks.   Most of the other options looked good too.Third, they did a great job redecorating.  If it wouldn't have been pointed out, I never would have known it used to be a Black Angus.One drawback - in between the patio and the stage were large screen TV's, and they were all turned on, and I don't like watching TV on Saturday nights.
4	I live in N. Phoenix so I love the location because it is close to my home.  The only reason I did not give the Compound 5 stars was the fact it was the Black Angus prior, and it still has a little bit of that vibe inside. The food has been good each time I've eaten there.  Their street tacos are delicious!  The BLT is alright, but kinda on the small side. The salads are fresh and full of flavor.They have a fantasic beer selection and being fellow Michigander, I was stoked when I saw they carried Bells Beer!The  Wine list is also great.  I had a Tempranillo and a Malbec and both were nice.N Phoenix so needed a good place to chill and listen to good live music!
3	I meandered into Compound after the Phoenix Film Fest a couple days ago to meet up with some friends for a drink and some talking. My expectations were not what Compound Grill ended up being, but not really in a bad way, just in that different way. The stage first off.. is fantastic, and I love the tables around it - reminds me of music halls I haven't seen in ages. I really wanted to jump on the stage and sing, but someone else was doing that already.. and they were doing it all right! So very right! Great mix of songs from the Beatles to GaGa done by a woman. AMEN SISTA!!!!!The rest of the place was laid out kinda odd in my opinion, including a set of couches to sit and eat at that were set up around a support post. Around a fire pit, I could see. Around a cute coffee table.. yes. Staring at a post in the ground that doesn't even have art on it or anything, no... and well, as you can probably guess, no one was sitting there that night either. In fact, they were sitting everywhere BUT that spot. The service was eh... didn't really seem to willing or wanting.The menu looked okay, but nothing I was screaming over. We ended up having some chips and salsa that includes a tomatillo/avacado salsa that I enjoyed :) I also really appreciate the organic hippie vibe that I didn't expect going in. Sexy hippy.. that's what I'm labeling this from now on.This will probably be the spot I head to in between seeing film events,  because I do really love their music space and the Harkins nearby is where all the film events are, but other than that, it's really too far away and don't have quite enough to lure me back more often.
4	Mmm I'm a fan for sure! This is one of those  places for breakfast that could easily be overlooked- but don't! They have a really cute patio that is the perfect outdoor Saturday morning breakfast spot. I love the Roasted Corn Omelet. It comes with these amazing potatoes (a mix of sweet potato's, purple and white potatoes- delish)! If you're not too hungry, try getting the Cucumber and Avocado smoothie, or the granola with fresh berries and yogurt! It's so surprising to have a live music bar have such great organic and healthy food! I will say the one down side is that the service is slow, which of course, if my big no-no.  But overall,  if you're in the north phoenix/scottsdale area, check it out!
4	This new North Scottsdale restaurant and live music venue has great potential, but will need a few minor adjustments and the support of locals to make it work. First and perhaps most critical, I've repeatedly been impressed by their music lineup. The set up for a live venue works well - I saw Blind Boys of Alabama a few months ago and found that The Compound's high-tech bar and main restaurant area (which was transformed into concert seating that night) made for a cozy yet vibrant and open experience. I felt like I was in the closest section of any other major venue, when I was actually nearly in the back. Not to be missed are local and house bands that frequent The Compound's stage. I've stopped by for a drink several times and have been surprised to find a great band that struck just the right mix of interesting without being overly loud or distracting. I can't say I've tried much off of the food menu, though I really enjoyed the house quesadilla with chicken (I know, such a boring choice). I would recommend that they revamp their wine list slightly to offer a few more non-standard choices under $10 a glass. I'm not sure that their beverage menu is set up to appeal to the crowd they seem to be courting, as they have booked some favorites from the jam band scene, which can mean a lot of younger types who won't be willing to pay over $6 for a cocktail. Overall, definitely worth stopping in and checking out. With a few tweaks and more time, this will be a choice spot on the local music scene. Sign up for the e-newsletter to get the weekly concert updates and info on specials.
4	We went to the McDowell Mountain Music festival last night and stopped in to The Compound Grill for dinner.We started out with a couple of beers--belgian wit.  Mothership, I think.  We also had a couple of appetizers.  Green Bites (edamame and green bean combo) and The Nachos.  The edamame were for kiddo.  I wish it would've come with a dish to discard the empties.  The nachos were for us and they were fabulous.  Generous portion, good balance of topping vs. chips.  Just really tasty all around. At this point, I was pretty full.  I ordered Chicken Popsicles for the kiddo and hubby ordered fish and chips.  The chicken dish was 2 skewers of panko crusted strips with fries.  Kiddo ate it all and shared me his fries, so I was happy about that.  Hubby shared me a piece of his fish.  It was just alright, as fish and chips go.Total bill for 3 beers, 2 apps, 1 kid entree and 1 adult entree: $57.  Not bad.  Not bad at all.The best part is that there is a music venue within reasonable driving distance.  Yay for music!  A local band started a set while we were finishing dinner and my son cried because he didn't want to stop listening to the music (we were taking him to the outside stage to see more music--he just didn't really get that part in the moment).I'm so happy that there is a family-friendly place in N. Scottsdale to enjoy music.  So happy.
1	The CompoundThere is a new kid in town, The Compund grill. Located at the very west side of the Scottasdale 101 mall. A dinning place with such an odd name needed an explanation ;" the compound exists to provide a public venue where culturally informed , like minded souls go to witness the collaboration of live music and great food on a regular basis".The owners have  definitely  put some money and time turning this place into a comfortable,  relaxed, kind of compound meeting arena . They have a full service bar at the back of the compound and a large stage at the front for the performing bands or events.The menu is a combination of simple Mexican traditional meals with the occasional burger and Piccata pasta. There is also a fish special offered at market price.Since most of the menu items had a Mexican  origin, I decided to order  the Grilled Elote; roasted corn with cotija cheese and lime aioli.  The Elote came served on a small plate but to my surprise it was missing a  skew making it almost impossible to eat. And I was not ready to hold this baby with my bare hands.We then ordered the "get your undoni' soup. It was delivered to our table with chopsticks , not a spoon. I know my wife is good with the chopsticks, but  why would one try this saga when not even the Japanese have jet accomplished this task successfully.?Moving on to our main course, we decided to order the Steak Fajitas. Safe, simple, uncomplicated choice. By the time our food was served, the band had already started to play and we were sincerely enjoying our stay. Too bad we were not  as happy with our meal experience. The fajitas came on a very small plate, not sizzling like one would expect them to be, surrounded by the typical  subprime mexican condiments of refried rice, beans , guacamole, sour cream and  3 very small and hard tortillas.  The steak was tough, dry  and flavorless.  I also thought the wait staff had not been truly trained and prepared in the art of  retrieving and briging back clean utensils. We had to ask constantly for forks, spoons and plates.  At the time to pay our bill, we were given a  comment card asking us for our impressions, not on the food , but on the performance of the entertaining band. At this point it was clear to me that the Compound had lived to its reputataion of being a place for musical gatherings and fun. Not a place to entertain your palatte.
5	I am so excited to know this place now exists and it is so close to home! Great food with an Organic touch, that never hurts! Great Service and Great Beers! My most favorite feature of all "LIVE MUSIC!" Some of the entertainment have cover fees but some are just for the price of your presence and your meal! We will be regulars for sure! Our first visit was Friday and we ended up going two nights in a row and was nothing but pleased! We have Cowboy Junkie tickets in June, which we are very excited about but I know we will certainly be back there before then.
4	I finally ordered food at Compound Grill. It was good! I love that they try to use organic, local, and sustainable ingredients. A friend and I met for an early happy hour. I had a margarita craving and wasn't expecting a lot from their $4 one, but it was very good! Tasted very fresh and lime-y. I ordered the Ranchero Ensalada: sweet corn, cherry tomatoes, guacamole, tortilla chips, lime, chili, cilantro, and a lime cumin vinaigrette. The mixed greens were very leafy and "healthy" (possibly had some kale in there). I like that, but it might be too much for some people. So many of the menu items looked good, I definitely want to go back for dinner. Plus, I have to have another one (or two.. or three) of those margaritas.
4	I always thought it would be cool to have my own private compound.  You know, kind of like the "Cheney Compound" that our former VP had.  Except I would let Google Maps display mine...mostly because I don't have the power to bend the intertubes to my will and control the Googles.  I also don't have a man-sized safe in my office or play "pepper the lawyer" with my lawyer friends.Not that I'm against the occasional "peppering" when it's called for in the case of not just lawyers but oil company and health insurance company executives, politicians or media talking heads.  I would of course only sanction rock salt or bird shot, I'm a reasonable man after all.But since I don't have a compound I guess I can go to The Compound Grill from time to time.  I was here for a UYE send-off of our illustrious Yelp Community Manager, Gabi.  Not that we won't see her anymore but she is moving up the ladder and overseeing multiple Yelp communities now, sort of like a really cool and sophisticated mother hen overseeing a bunch of foodie chicks from different nests.  Not exactly like chicks because she can tell if we're male or female by looking.  So The Compound Grill hosted this event because they stood to make a few bucks off of the deal.  Hey, they're in business to make money, right?  When we arrived we had the choice of going "off the menu " or buying the wristband for $10 and having the buffet and a couple free drinks.The buffet was pretty good.  I liked some of the food better than others.  The chicken satay sort of things were tasty and I appreciated that they had some nice hot pepper sauce to punch it up.  The salad was good, the sushi ok, the key lime torts were tasty, I loved the grilled sweet potato. The Compound apparently has live music regularly and they get some pretty good acts.  Overall I liked the atmosphere, the service and the food and I would come back to take in some live tunes.  The Compound Grill displays easily on Google Maps so they may want to look in to that.
4	I have been here a number of times in the last month or so and I have enjoyed it every time.  They have great live music (including EastonAshe, which I do really like) and their food is pretty great too for a local place.I went here for the music festival in April and also went here for Gabi's promotion event... the service was good.  I was standing at the bar, waiting to get my change when someone came up to me and made sure I had been taken care of.  I appreciate things like that.
5	Now this is a real brunch! I got a whole wheat egg white chorizo burro that came with a side of potatoes and a side of summer fruits for $6.95 much better than my experience on Mother's Day at Earl's Patio! This place has the best service, great food and again the opportunity to see Live Music weekdays and weekends! Definitely my favorite place!
5	I just threw a birthday bash for my boyfriend! and we had great service and a great time! They did a great job in accommodating our large group of 20 people in their VIP area and imagine all separate checks too and still no mix ups! We had a wonderful time! I totally love this place. Check out their calendar for many different styles of live music-It's great! You can't go wrong with this place.
2	The food was extremely bland! The one thing that was good was the guacomole, but everything else my family and I had eaten was just terrible. Our waiter couldn't reccomend a plate and had no personality - he seemed extremely awkward. He did however take the fish and chips my aunt ordered off the bill after she had stated her displeasure with the dish. Overall, I would advise against this place! The ambience did not make up for the bland, flavorless dishes.
5	Just what Scottsdale needed!  A place with healthy & tasty, affordable food, great ambiance, with live music.  The mood takes over you right as you walk in the door.  And they have some great shows coming up, we will definitely be back.
3	I still love Compound Grill, but have to take a star off for the cruddy service last night.  My server was just not good.  I don't know if it was inexperience or that he just didn't give a shit, but yeah.  Just not good.I purposely ordered my kids meal with the apps so that he could get it quicker.  Apps came, our entrees came, still no meal for kiddo.  When I mentioned it, I knew he forgot.  At least he came and admitted it.  Meantime, my kiddo is starving and asking where his food is, etc.  Ugh.Also, don't love that they don't automatically give you water.  I had to ask, twice, for water.  What is that?  Why would any restaurant in metro Phoenix 110 degrees not automatically give you water.Also, I think if you have sushi-type rolls on your menu, you should provide chopsticks.  He said he would get me some and never did.The food was good and the manager (I think--he was in street clothes, but he was our server the previous visit) was attentive. I still love the venue, but Compound Grill, please get rid of Brian N. or teach him how to be a server.  I tipped 15%.  I can't even remember the last time I only tipped 15%.  I'm a server, too, and I always take care of servers, but I couldn't bring myself to do it this time.
4	This is the best place I've been to for combining great food, great live music. It has a gorgeous modern + clean atmosphere.The food is mainly organic and local and there are even a handful vegan options! Just watch out -- the owner (who is very friendly) seems to think that gluten-free is the same thing as vegan and we almost ordered a non-vegan dessert based on his misconception. That was a few months ago, so maybe he's got it down now?I love the more intimate atmosphere for live music. We saw Trevor Hall at the Marquee and again here at the Compound and it was great getting to be right there, a foot away from Trevor's guitar. We also came for the Mother's Day brunch and it was the best way to celebrate! The music was great and the buffet was huge. There were a lot of vegan breakfast foods for the brunch and it was all so amazingly delicious. The chef rocks! I don't know of any other local place to get vegan breakfast so it was definitely a great place to be. I will give this place 5 stars when they add more vegan meals to their regular menu. I don't usually give a place stars based on the availability of vegan foods but I think this venue caters to that type of eater and it could offer a little more. Other than that I can't find a single thing wrong or missing with this place. It is just awesome. I can't wait to come back here and bring friends!
5	Love this place! Always a hit when I come here! Food is fresh and mostly organic. Healthy but yummy. Even there drinks tastes healthy if that makes sense! Had the pomegranate drink with real pomegranate seeds in them!! There salads to burgers to brunches are all good. Affordable too. They also have live entertainment mostly every night. Great spot!
5	Great food, drinks and service with Live music on most days! Check their online calendar to know the music bands playing , some of them need tickets but generally it would only mean a $5 cover charge after 9PM.  Nice happy hour deals,too! Nice place for spending special twosome time together or just hang out with friends/colleagues.I loved the ambiance, the superb lighting, feel of a cozy place with bar on one end and a separate section for music bands and empty space that turns into a dance floor in no time with awesome music. If you are the types to want to tap a foot or two with a drink, make sure your companion "is in the mood" to get up with you- the energy would be inviting for sure!!Guacamole, Mojitos and Martinis are a must try for starters. Decent pricing and totally worth it!
1	No music playing at 3:00 in the afternoon. Will not dine here again.The food not so good and we all felt violated when the bill arrived. Very ordinary and expensive. I had the brisket burrito, sounded great in the description, very dry and no flavor. After reading reviews might try some beverages and listen to some music.(Maybe that's what its all about).
4	We went for Cowboy Junkies-Loved it---The seating could have been organized a little better but other then that it was a good time.
3	This was my second visit ,   I seemed to be more impressed the first visit. First off, they wanted to charge us a cover charge there because there happened to be a band.  Not cool.   We are eating.  If that is the case, we should get a credit back on our bill if we order food.  Well, the band was so loud that we couldn't even talk, which is what some people do while dining out!   So, you need to decide, if you want to talk and dine, that is not the place.   We sat in the bar and the speakers over our head were really loud.   Sad to say, but we were happy when the band went on break.   I was disappointed because there aren't a lot of live music venues in Scottsdale that aren't dive bars.  We would have stayed longer if there was a happy medium with the volume. As for the food......They changed to the summer menu so I couldn't recall what I ate the first time and of course I didn't YELP about it.   I ordered Ceviche and the waitress commented on how full of seafood and fish it was, and when it arrived, it was NOT the case.   I was not impressed with their version of ceviche.  Too much like watered down tomato soup with very little seafood.   My first visit was better.  I love the concept about fresh and local produce and meats and fish.   I will try again for one last time.
5	Just a great local venue.  Can't say enough postive things about them.  It's a win for everyone considering all the food, staff and owners are local and many have apparently been ties into the music scene.  The music is great every night but you should be prepared to pay a cover if you go after a certain time. Plus, I'm no foodie but I haven't had a bad meal yet!
5	I absolutely love Compound Grill. I have been coming here since they opened and it just seems to be getting better and better. The staff is friendly, the music is great and the food is fantastic. It's a great place for a happy hour date or a large dinner with friends. If you haven't been here yet I recommend check it out and you will be hooked like me!
5	I love the Compound Grill!  Food was great and anywhere that offers thai, sushi AND mexican and does all of them well= heaven.  Music was fantastic and great acoustics.  I'm definitely a fan!
5	Since my husband and I are vegetarians, I can't tell you how thrilled we are to have this place nearby. Their menu is based on organic, local, healthy food and very veggie friendly. The menu is great, I am especially fond of the Veggie Burros and the LEED Burger. They have great lunch specials for $9.95 which includes a beverage. Don't go on a Friday or Saturday night if you are looking to have a quiet conversation. The bands will be playing and depending on where you are seated, intense conversations could be challenging. I've always enjoyed the music personally and this this place is a great addition to the Phoenix restaurant/music scene.
4	My rating is actually more of a 3 1/2 star rating than a 4, but since that is not an option I figured I'd be generous and round up.  This is also for the bar area only.Compound Grill is a place that I wanted to love so much.  We've been here three times, with our first experience being the best.  That was about seven months ago and we were soo happy to find they had Bear Republic Racer 5 on tap, as well as a variety of Bells Beers.  It was so promising - finding craft beer in the North Scottsdale area.  We were also soo happy to sit at the bar and be entertained while Los Lobos took the stage and played an amazing set.  Although it was crowded and finding a seat was a challenge, we were enamored.  Or so we thought.  The next time we visited Compound Grill was about three months later.  The place was practically empty - even around Happy Hour time, and when we went to the bar to order our beers - all of our favorite kegs were tapped.  Bear Republic - Sorry - out.  Bells Oberon - out.  Bells Two Hearted Ale - Out again.  We decided to just order a round of bottles - but really had no intention of staying past the first round because the vibe quickly turned from happy to disappointed.About two months after, we visited Compound again - to watch Vinyl Station perform.  They put on a good show - and once again - the place was crowded.  They did have all of their beers on tap which was a relief - so we realized we must've just hit it on an off night previously.My feelings on Compound Grill are mixed.  I love the idea of a music venue in North Scottsdale with a good drink selection.  It's kind of like what Tempe used to be - going to ASU and watching all of the local bands.  And although the beers are kind of pricey (ranging from $6-$8 for a pint), it would be worth paying if there was a band we really wanted to see.  But would we stop in here just to sit at the bar and relax?  Not likely. I just feel like there are so many better places to go in the area, at a lower price.
1	Have been to Compound for many happy hours and brunches. Excellent food and always wonderful service. Just watched the football game today, was there THREE hours and spent a ton of money drinking and having dinner. They had a concert, we didn't know about. They asked us to leave or pay $10 a head. We spent over $100 and would have spent over $100 more at least. My friend asked the hostess to PLEASE waive the fee since we'd been there so long. She did! We moved to the bar per her request, and the manager-THOMAS, came over-after we ordered another round and asked us to leave. BEFORE we had two sips of our drinks. I told him the hostess said we could stay, and he called us liars. He then proceeded to belittle the very accommodating hostess in front of the other patrons. Others left they were so uncomfortable. I will NEVER go there again...SO RUDE!!!
3	First off, I will have to say that the food is very good, especially the green chili turkey burger.  I was a big fan of this restaurant, but each time I go back, I feel like it gets worse and worse.  The service is horrible.  It is the bar staff that is just down right rude and they do not know what customer service is.  I waited and waited and waited for someone to come to our table to greet us and take our order, but no one ever did.  I was so annoyed I just walked out.  They don't smile and they do not acknowledge you.  It seems as if you have annoyed them by walking in there.  Give this place a try, but beware of the rude staff service.
4	Yay! Now they have a better Happy Hour and a Reverse Happy Hour! Another plus for this place! So far some of the bands we have  loved What Laura Says, Bill Dutcher, Delcoa, Easton Ashe, CowBoy Junkies(of course) Matt Schoefeld... and a few others great atmosphere and service with good food organic food supporting local vendors which is always nice.
4	My dad took me here on the morning I was leaving Arizona for brunch.  I don't even remember what I had, but it was really good.  Guess that's not such a glowing endorsement, but it's all I got.  Apparently they have live music at nights, which I wouldn't mind checking out next time I'm in town.  The end.
4	I've been to a couple shows here, and the live sound is as good as anywhere in the Valley.  Great beer selection, and the food ranges from acceptable (hummus) to great (burger).  Mostly friendly staff.  Service is always on the better side of okay - but you can expect a hassle (or maybe just indifference?) from the front door staff.  Otherwise, the location is the only bummer for me.
2	I have been to the compound grill on two occasions.  Both times I was disappointed with the food.  The service was fine, and the drinks were great.I can put it to you this way.  I have four or five free app coupons in my purse, and I haven't bothered to use them.  One dish, in particular, has kept me away from there - the bean dip, which I no longer see on the menu was truly awful.I would go there and meet up for drinks, but I wouldn't bother to eat there, even for free.
4	I always enjoy the concerts here, and the food is good.  I am sometimes disappointed with the service.   Everyone is super friendly,  but they forget to bring the drinks we ordered and we end up going to the bar to get them...6/25/11  I still go to the Compound often, as the selection of live musical act seen here are second to none in the Phoenix area.  However, I continue to be disappointed in the service, and food. Last time I was there my sister had a taco, and the fish was bad.... how can you serve up bad fish? My other sister ordered some soup and they just did not bring it, they left and she had to go up to the bar and ask for her food.  When we were seated and waited about 30 minutes before anyone acknowledged us... I had to say kind of loudly, "looks like we have no waiter" and someone finally came over to us... the place was dead... and they ignored us, a table of 5....  The staff is friendly but they just do not get good customer service.. and if your going to charge for top quality food, make sure it is infact top quality, and most importantly fresh...I will keep frequenting the Compound like I said I love the music,  but they really need to do something about the service.  I've been there maybe 20 times, and it is often very poor....
4	We stopped here here for lunch Sunday and it was totally dead. I think there was 4 tables. This place is big with lots of seating. They have a good size stage and bands that play almost nightly. My girlfriend got the ahi tuna. The tuna was good, cooked perfectly and had a nice lemon and fresh herb taste. The veggies that came with could have been cooked just a bit more cause they were still very crunchy but they did tasted good. I ordered the chicken enchiladas with rice, beans, with a green chili sauce. The chicken enchilada was big and stuffed full of chicken. It was not rolled like your typical enchilada but it was more like a stacked enchilada. Rice was good and the beans were very light in texture. They were whipped and were very smooth. I did like the beans but they needed some salt for sure. The kido got a cheese crisp and fries. She is so funny cause she is really picky about what color the cheese is and if it is open of folded like a quesadilla. She wanted it open and with yellow cheddar. It came folded and with white cheese on it. lol She ate just the fries. When they came back they asked if we wanted them to make something else she said she was good with the fries so we said thanks but we will be ok. About 5 min later they came out with 3 small mini cheese crisps for her with yellow cheddar. lol This was so cool of the rest. This was really nice of them. Overall I liked it, I think the place has a great menu and prices are good. I want to come back and check out some music. I took a look at the happy hour menu and they have $3 wings and many other happy hour specials for $3-6. That I will be going back for!!!
1	***SPOILED FOOD AND BAD SERVICE FROM MANAGER**We went out on a family dinner about 2 Fridays ago.  We were seated very quickly and the restaurant was busy.  The live music was great and it reminded me of the restaurants in Austin, TX.  We of course went there for the food and service as well and here it goes: -DRINKS: My husband ordered a beer on tap that never came. He had to go to the bar to order one. Then out of the blue, the server puts a beer on the table without any comments. -WAIT TIME FOR FOOD: 45 minutes with no 1 visit from our waiter. We were dining with our 2 boys (8 & 6) who were climbing the walls at this point and hungry. I also 6 months pregnant was very hungry.- FOOD: I ordered two tacos, one shrimp and one Mahi Mahi. I also ordered beans and rice.  The Mahi Mahi tacos had a funny smell to them, they had gone BAD/spoiled.  I know what bad fish smells like.  I couldn't believe that a cook actually cooked and served BAD fish since BAD fish has a weird smell from the time its taken out of the package to cooking it and to the table.    -Rice and Beans: The pinto beans albino colored, I had never seen that color of beans.  The beans didn't taste like beans at all. I did not eat the remainder of my food after being disgusted from the bad fish smell. -MANAGER: I spoke to the Manager regarding the spoiled fish. He said that he would come grab it from the table. He took my entire plate back and asked if I would like anything else.  I stated that I was afraid to place another order since it took so long to get our food. I ordered some salsa and chips.-SALSA & CHIPS: The chips were not fresh and hard, the salsa was terrible! I was not happy.-MANAGER RETURNS: The manager apologized and confirmed that the fish WAS SPOILED, I told him that I new this and if I had eaten in in my pregnant stage I would have been VERY sick. He offered to comp my meal and a gift card for a future visit.- THE BILL: The meal was not completely comped. I was charged for the side of beans and rice- which was in the plate w/the Mahi Mahi.We were also charged for the other beer that took forever to come. My husband had to dispute this.  The charges were removed from the bill. -MANAGER IGNORED ME:  As I walked to the front of the restaurant with my 2 boys, the manager saw me and and kept on walking. He returned to the front and decided to ignore me.  NEVER did he bring up the fact that he was going to issue me a gift card for my BAD experience. At this point, I decided that we weren't going to be returning to this restaurant.  -KID FRIENDLY: Yes, they offered a kids menu w/drinks.NOTE TO THE MANAGER:** RESTAURANTS STRUGGLE AND MANY OF THEM DON'T SURVIVE IN SCOTTSDALE. PEOPLE KNOW PEOPLE AND WORD OF MOUTH SPREADS LIKE WILDFIRE.  I HAVE WARNED ALL OF MY FRIENDS ABOUT MY BAD EXPERIENCE. DON'T FORGET WHY YOU ARE IN BUSINESS AND WHO KEEPS YOU IN BUSINESS!
3	I do not love the food here and (I feel like an old lady saying this but,) the music is generally too loud. That said, they get some AWESOME acts, a good beer selection and I can live with the fish & chips (don't expect "traditional" - think bread crumbs...).Shows sell out! Make a reservation whenever possible for better seating options.
5	Great food especially for lunch because there are certain items that come with protein and a drink. I love going here with a friend from work during lunch for a great atmosphere an awesome food!
5	My first and only time there may overinflate my opinion but this is one of my favorite places in town because it's also a venue. I got to go see Martin Sexton play live so I showed up a couple hours early. We didn't reserve a table so we got to put our feet up on couches in the lounge and they brought us our food there. I had the fish tacos and thought they were great. There was a Suns game that night so the place was packed for that as well. Very cool place.
5	Loved the place.  The service was great.  My glass never emptied until I left.  The food was great.  We did not realize that they have music every night.  We arrived early but the place was becoming packed as we were leaving.  The music was really good and not too loud, especially for the size of the place.  The variety of food on the menu would serve a variety of tastes.  Highly recommended!
2	Worst service ever!!! My husband and I went to dinner here on Friday night not know really what it was.  We arrived at 8:30 and were told that we had to be done eating before 9 or we would have to pay the $5 cover.  First impression was not too hot but we decided to sit down and if we stayed for the band we would pay the $5.The band was really good and we were more than happy to pay the $5 for them but the service by the restaurant staff was horrible.It took forever to get a server to take our order.  Once we ordered, the food took way too long to come out.  We were never offered drink refills, I had to grab the bus boy to get me refills.  Our server never came back to give us our bill.  The night was a service disaster!!I asked to speak with the manager but he never arrived to the table so after getting another server to take our bill we decided to leave.The place has a nice concept so hopefully they can get their act together.
2	Slow, albeit friendly, service.  Menu is WAY too big for their own good (think a little smaller than Cheesecake Factory), and food is a huge disappointment. I had the shrimp tacos: TWO TINY PIECES of shrimp in each dry tortilla!  Had to ask for guac and hot sauce.  Also, the rice sucked and the beans were def frozen "beans" that had been heated up.  My mom (yes, I lunch with my mom :)) had the plain, dry French toast with a side of Turkey sausage, which is probably the only thing I liked at this place. Maybe the live music is cool when it's here, otherwise, this place is a definite pass
2	This place is random.  R A N D O M random.  I don't "get" it.Went for lunch, while taking a break from medical testing at the Mayo Clinic.  This place was empty.  Ok, there were a half dozen other people there, but it barely counts with the size of the place.Now, I like that there is a stage (guess who thought of doing comedy there???!!!) and that they have live music that promotes local bands.  I am all for that.  But, there comes a point when you can't have the place seem too classy for that sort of thing.  Framed pictures of different musical icons are nice, but overplayed.  Everywhere else.  It just doesn't work here at Compound Grill.I had the fish n chips for lunch.  5 nuggets of fish places over a bowl of fries that weren't anything special.  When will people stop serving shoestring fries????  It was cool that everything was served in a bowl made from an old record that had been warped into...the shape of a bowl, though.  Service was friendly and attentive.  The manager or owner or whoever he was also present.  I'm guessing because they though there would be a lunch rush.For this area, in N Phoenix, so close to the 101/51 and N Scottsdale, I would expect a bigger lunch crowd.  Without it, I guess shows I'm not the first person to just find the place "meh."
3	Great place to see a band play - The stage is large, they offer great seating options, a cute little dance area, and the sound system rocks. I wouldn't come here just for dinner and drinks.
2	I wanted to love this place so bad but they just really under-delivered.  'I went to see the Young Dubliners and Brazen Heads show which actually was pretty good.  The sound was nice and we had a table which made viewing the show really nice. Food and beverages were the major failure for me.  For starters they ran out of Guiness and Diet Coke.  Let me remind you this is an irish show so Guiness is a major asset and to run out is completely absurd.  The diet coke goes with Jameson and not having that is pretty amazing as well.  I spoke to two seperate staff outside about the Guiness and they told me that I should just do irish car bombs with Moosedrool.  LOL I couldn't believe it no apologies or anything.  My food order was a 16oz grass fed rib-eye and griddled mashed potato's.  Honestly the best part was the side.  The steak had huge globs of unmelted fat in it and I had to saw it with my knife to cut pieces off.  I couldn't believe how badly it was cooked especially with the $24 price tag on it.  I would've given 3.5 stars but the guiness mishap just knocked it down to a complete 2 star failure.
1	Went last night for Zoe Keating concert. The sound was good and our coffees were pretty tasty (though overpriced) but with our $15 ticket, we didn't "make a reservation" so we were seated on the other side of the bar as far away from the stage as possible. If you're going to pay $15 for an hour concert, it should at the very least include a table in the actual concert area. I thought that was a little ridiculous. They also charged a $4 "service charge" (for what??) on each ticket. Though they have a nice stage and layout, I will never be back.
1	food is decent and the beer selection is good.  service is the worst.  i've been there over 5 times now and every time it gets worse.  one time we sat in an empty restaurant for over 10 minutes waiting for someone to come to the bar and wait on us.  last night we went there during happy hour and then got the bill with full price food on it.  we asked why it wasn't happy hour pricing and the waiter says "i gave you the regular price portion" we said "we ordered the food during happy hour, we assumed that you'd bring us the happy hour food"  he literally just stared for about 20 seconds like we'd just spoken a foreign language.  then he said well, maybe you ordered it after 6pm.  the woman i was with said "the receipt is time stamped at 549" he goes, well i guess i could give you the happy hour price then, but the portions for that are much smaller.  total jackass.  i know that the face of the restaurant is the service, and if they are lousy or have a bad day that will reflect poorly on the restaurant which may not be to blame.  but after 5 times, i can safely say there are better alternatives to this place.  so many restaurants within a 5 mile radius - don't go here.
4	I really enjoyed myself here tonight.  I forgot to bring some earplugs, so my ears are still ringing from listening to the live band, but that's okay.  They sounded fantastic and were a lot of fun to listen to.  I had the Ranchero Salad with grilled shrimp, and it was delicious--excellent tomatoes and fresh mixed greens.  My Racer IPA from CO was great, as well.  Service was good.  All in all, an enjoyable evening.  I would definitely come back for the music, the beer, and the food!
4	After dinner, we wanted to sit and have a few drinks.  We stumbled into The Compound Grill.  They were charging a $5.00 cover fee that night, but the bouncer guy was nice to let us in at no cover.   The Ray Johnston Band was playing very awesome music.  We sat outside in the patio enjoying the cool weather.  A friend had ordered the Compound Quesadilla.  The quesadilla dip was melted with Monterey jack cheese and generous potion of green chili.   It was sooooooo good!  The staff was attentive and made us feel very comfortable and relaxed.  We even received a sampler CD for the upcoming McDowell Mountain Music Festival.  They have fried green tomatoes here, anyone try it yet?
3	We went here tonight on a whim. My husband had lunch here last week and wanted to take me to dinner to try it and I happened to be near his office so we headed over. I like that they have lots of local talent, it seems, on their stage. We were there before the night's show so we just saw the opening act but he was good. Service was plenty attentive, so no complaints there. Our waiter even told us to order quickly because once it got busier, food would take longer to come out. We started with the chips and two salsas. I really liked the avocado/tomatillo salsa which was a great, fresh-tasting compliment to the fresh chips. For dinner, I had the turkey green chile burger. It was alright. Decent flavor but nothing super special. The yam fries (sweet potatoes are white, not orange but hey, everyone does it!) were really good! They had a great flavor and an awesome, crunchy-on-the-outside-creamy-on-the-inside texture. My husband had the quesadilla burger which was better than mine. You can tell the quality of the ingredients is very good here and as much as possible, they seem to use organic fare. His burger was cooked just as he ordered, medium rare, was juicy and very flavorful.Their beer list is very impressive and they have some great offerings you don't tend to see on menus outside of their local markets (many in Colorado). Overall, I would come here again and try some more menu items and stay for the show and maybe bump up my rating with a "wow" dish.
1	The CompoundThis venue does not honor their contracts with artists that perform at the premises...do not play this event unless you are prepared to receive a BS story about why they wont pay there contractual obligation despite your band packing the house with at least 250 people, their music director "Kyle Day" is a liar, cheat and participates in un-ethical business practices...AKA....Arsehole....
4	Yippe-kai-aaaay! Honey and I met friends there last Friday after hearing so many great things about this joint and I am pleased to let you know, they were all spot on. We saddled up to a table near the bar, ordered drinks (me a skinny marg which was good, but a little weird because of the bubbly? i guess they thought adding soda water made it skinnier?) and once our friends joined us we ordered the queso fondue appetizer. Melted cheese, caramelized onions, mushrooms served with warm tortilla chips? Can I get a Hell-yeah? It was super yum. Like moaning at each bite nummy. Also not too heavy like some cheese-based appetizers can be. We got more chips and cleaned house. Onto entrees. Honey and I shared the steak fajitas and our friends shared the quesadilla burger. Everyone at the table ordered a $2 taco add-on (that my friends, is Brilliant!) and whallah, here's comes the goods, perfectly timed. Our fajitas were loaded with crispy veggies - you name it, it was in there. Sooooo flipping over the top good. And a testament to their quality of meat was that you didn't need to scissor your front teeth for 2 minutes after each bite to separate the rest of the meat in the tortilla to that in your mouth. Excellent stuff! Our friends also loved their burger and the tacos were the perfect complement to both of our meals. The music - first some guy with a guitar and a great voice and then a old-time country music band were very enjoyable. The music wasn't too loud, the quality was excellent and while none of us are country music fans, it was fun to hear everyone's favorites sung live - and very well. Overall, a GREAT place to eat and relax and enjoy music. We'll certainly be back.
2	Live music was good. Food was ok...I can take it or leave it, nothing great
5	If you didn't give this place 5 stars, you did not eat their street tacos.  We found them at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival however many months ago and were finally in the area around dinner time.We ordered three apps, the steak, and street tacos.  I had a margarita, hubby had some good beer, the kiddo had apple juice.As a family we agreed that it was COMPLETELY worth the trip and the wait.  We had such a nice night on the patio... Husband has quite the appetite and three steak tacos were too much for him.Feast and be merry!
5	Compound Grill is great.  I work across the street so I've been there for lunch a few times.  I recently just had my first live music experience there which was fantastic.  First, the food ingredients always taste fresh and the service is very friendly and accomodating.  And here is where the accomodating piece really was kicked up a notch for me.  As mentioned, I just recently went to Compound for a Thursday night show.  The band playing was pretty popular, so by the time we arrived, it was packed.  They couldn't accomodate our table of five, so jokingly I asked if we could sit in the "VIP" area right by the stage.  Thinking the girl would laugh, she instead said seriously, "let me ask my manager."  Within about 10 seconds, we were seated in VIP.  How great of them!What's great is Compound is it's not a stuffy place.  The food is organic, but the atmosphere is really laid back.  Overall review: great food, great service, great atmosphere.
4	I love the layout of The Compound. The food is good, but the service is slow. I love that there is a nice live music venue in our neighborhood. Well done John, just beef up the service.
4	Good food, not a bad place to hear a show.  Nice beer selection.  The tacos are quite good.
1	We made a reservation for a birthday on 7/11/11 about a week prior to visiting compound grill, I was very excited to finally eat here, only problem, THEY WERE CLOSED when we showed up. You would think that they would have mentioned to us that they were closed on mondays when we made the reservation for monday or even if they forgot at the time of the reservation, maybe once the date approached they would see in their books that there was a reservation made for a day that they were not even open and call and let us know. nope none of that. So unfortunately I can not rate the food but something tells me things are a little screwed up if you schedule a customer for a reservation on a day you are closed. Get things right and do it quick because I have had the ceviche at culinary festival and it was great.....
4	I enjoy this place...mainly for the entertainment factor. The food is okay and the drinks are priced as you would expect at any bar in Scottsdale. They do have some good drink specials some nights during the week. I love that they are trying very hard to keep the live music steady; this can't be easy. They have a fair amount of seating so as long as you don't get there too late there should be plenty of room for you and your friends to sit and have a great night.
3	I have to give Compound a middle of the road three stars based on averaging several experiences here.  I've had stellar times, I've had awful times - but the music will keep me coming back.Am I rating a music venue that serves food, or a food venue that spotlights live music?  If the former, I'd give the place 4 stars.  The latter would get 2.  So - here we are, back at .3.The service has been pretty consistently awful across the board.  I don't think I've had what I'd consider good service ever.  The most recent vist came close.  But did involve waiting almost a half hour to be aknowledged at the table, and a very strange cocktail incident.  I ordered an Irish Coffee.  I ended up getting a deconstructed version.  She asked if I wanted it with Bailey's or "just" whisky.  Well, Irish coffee doesn't have Bailey's, so I opted for the "just whisky" version.  The waitress came back with my water and my friend's beer and told me they just put up fresh coffee for me.  YAY!  Then she comes with a shot glass of whisky.  The sugar caddy was already on the table.  Then comes the mug of coffee and cream.  It's a build your own Irish Coffee bar!  Just like BYO Bloody Mary - but NOT.  Given this was the second not-acceptable experience with Irish coffee in two weeks - at two places - I am thinking it gets relegated to an "at home" drink for me!Over the past couple of years, I have had several items off the menu (apps, entrees and desserts) and have had the buffet sometimes served on the patio.  I love the concept of what they're doing with food (local, organic where possibe, etc.) - the execution is lacking and the prices reflect the N Scottsdale location.Like I said - it's not the food, it's not the service - the music will keep me coming back.  I can eat and drink at other places before and after - but when you want to see a specific performer or band - and that's where they're booked - you can overlook the crap service, right?POSITIVE SIDE NOTE - they recently raised the stage - so for standing room only shows, you can actually see the band now, even if you're not in the front row!
5	I recently saw one of my favorite bands here and was so impressed by the venue and the food that I rated it five stars.As far as the food goes, my friends and I split the ceviche gazpacho and the quesadilla burger.  The gazpacho tasted too spicy for my weak taste buds, but all of my companions raved about it.  My mouth watered over the quesadilla burger!  This treat was tasty enough to bring me back to The Compound even if I'm not seeing a band (and I live 40 minutes away).  Eden, our server, provided excellent service during dinner, and during the show.We went to The Compound to see a band we really like.  We arrived early to eat and get situated in our reserved table.  Situated near the stage, the table proved a great place to rest between songs, and it was nice to be able to sit if we wanted.  The acoustics in the center of the floor offer a crisper sound than the tables to the side.  I really like that we could reserve the table ahead of time and not have to fight for a seat in a packed venue.  Matt, the manager, also shared the extra advertising posters with us, which made us all extremely happy. Not only will I come back for the food, I would not hesitate to see music in this venue.  If you like small venues and The Compound is hosting a band you like, you would be crazy not to go.
5	Wow.  Amazing food.  The portions were generous and the food amazing.  I recommend the short ribs, really big portions.  My wife got the shrimp and scallops but had them prepare it with olive oil and garlic to avoid the cream sauce (lactose intolerance) and it was delicious.  The beer selection is impressive, I recommend the Porter.  Live music gave it a great atmosphere.
1	The fact that it was difficult to find doesn't factor into the terrible rating, but for those of you who need help (as I did), it's on Mayo to the far west side of the complex (by the chain stores, not in the center with the theater).Pulling up, you see a nice building with stone work. The lounge and bar area were beautiful. NOTE: This is where you need to sit if you want to have a conversation with your companions. In the main seating area, which is big, open, cold (literally and figuratively) and with little decor, it's very loud.We went last Sunday to the free AZ Chicks with Picks show. It was fine. Some of the performers were even good. It's really the food and service that I find fault with.Hubby started with the steak quesadillas. At $15 it's steep for an appetizer, but the portion is large. The steak was plentiful and well seasoned (good grill taste). I had the apricot and brie crisp, which came out half burned. It's VERY sweet, although the fresh arugula tries its best to balance it.What got me was we were literally four bites into our apps when the bus boy delivers our entrees. Seriously? Drops them off and leaves. The kitchen doesn't know enough to time food? The busser isn't smart enough to see we have plates full of food already??I had the shrimp and scallops. It had a terrible fishy smell and was literally inedible. The sauce was too hot (spicy). The rice was crunchy and undercooked. My mixed veggies were coated in oil. Hubby had the chewy steak, strange mashed potatoes, and also mixed veggies (interestingly, he had rapini, while I did not, and his had no grill marks but was still swimming in oil). We left our entrees uneaten and filled up on a pizza cookie for dessert. If you must eat there, I'd stick to the burgers, which get good reviews, or the apps, as the entrees are expensive and terrible. The only time our waitress showed any kindness was to thank us as we were leaving. Damn us and our over-tipping.
2	Good drink prices for happy hour but steak sandwich was made with beef jerky I believe! Didn't experience the eBayEntertainment,  heard it was good. The bartender, I hope it wasn't the manager, was on the inattentive side, sarcastic and not very friendly. Not a good thing in these economic times. Can name several places that have come and gone due to this. Might try again, it was a busy night due to Scottsdale Chamber holding an event there from what I understand.
2	I went to The Compound strictly to see a band play. I did not try any of the food, so I can only comment on this place as a music venue. The Compound really needs to rethink the set up of this place. It's more of a resaurant and any band playing there almost gets resigned to background music. I don't like the set up of the tables. It's just not great for watching a band. You have the servers passing by every few minutes to take orders and deliver food to tables. This is distracting for someone trying to enjoy the music. I think it would be best if the restaurant was seperated from the stage area. Though the band I saw at The Compound was awesome, I would probably not go back to The Compound for a concert unless it was a band I was truly dying to see. The set up of this place I find just that bad. I may go back to try the food, but as far as seeing a band here the experience wasn't that great to make me come back for a concert.
3	For a restaurant centered around its music venue, the food is better than many restaurants centered solely around their food. The music was great, too, but that's to be expected. To start, we ordered the spinach salad with crispy noodles, cherry tomatoes, candied walnuts and apple cider dressing soaked oranges, then the fish tacos wrapped in lettuce with a side of refried beans and veggie-full spanish rice, and the grilled veggie burrito. Everything was delicious.  Everything also cost about 40 bucks, which made me more relieved that it was delicious, rather than impressed (I mean, fish I understand, but grilled veggies and spinach? 13 dollars each? Eh.) Plus, you have to pay the cover charge to see whatever band is playing, so be prepared to spend. Also, place is about -10 degrees and I am convinced they're trying to freeze customers and sell them on the black market as human popsicles.All in all, here's how to have a good time: bring a friend who likes music, a LocalDines certificate, and a parka.
5	Love this venue, wish it was closer to my house though.  The food and service has always been great.  Awesome acts nice clean atmosphere. I highly recommend.
2	Went here for the Skatalites show on 4/7/12.I don't know, this place is weird. It's like a restaurant that wants to have concerts?Really weird vibe. I got there in the middle of the opener and walked in to find a bunch of people sitting around and eating food at tables. That's cool I guess but I really didn't feel right standing, not that I care what anyone thinks about me but it just seemed odd.Older people, yuppies and just a weird restaurant vibe. I also overheard one of the bartenders complaining about how there's no music scene in Phoenix. I've heard that for years and it pisses me off. While this place may be right off a freeway and not really too inconvenient, it sure does look inconvenient on a map. I would think their location alienates roughly 2/3 of the valley. Poor choice for a music venue location in my opinion.Bartenders were nice but like I said the place just has a weird vibe. I don't know that being in a strip mall makes it any less odd either.Almost forgot, the set timing was horrible. There was almost an entire hour between the opener and closer (only 2 bands played). I'm not sure whose fault that was but it seemed like just another thing to add to the overall awkwardness of the join.
