5	Dr. Venugopal is a great and caring physician. I would recommend her for any medical needs. She is very thorough, and informative.
5	Good experience as always!
3	Really slow. Office staff isn't very personal. I can never hear them when they call. The doctor is great once you get to her. The hours are kinda lame too. My other doctors (3) of them as I have moved state to state, would write prescription for me for three months but this office insist I come in for an appointment EVERY month costing me an additional $160 a year. I know she's being safe but it doesn't come across that way when you do the math. My room today has a spilt slushy in it, I told the nurse when she put me in here and she just left it. Been waiting for 40 min now and the office is dead. I opened the door and asked how much longer and the girls were like "it's going to be a while she's got 3 patients ahead of you". I asked then why my apt was at 1130 and it's 1210 now ( I showed up at 1122). They asked if I had other things to do today and I said yes I have some pale to be at 1pm and they said they might have to reschedule. I'm here for a refill of a prescription I get every month. Do you see why this is so frustrating!!! Don't overbook!! I can't say enough though how awsome the doc is though it's just her staff.
1	Giving Dr. Iris Sadowsky one star is being nice. That was the worst doctors experience me and my mom have ever had. My mom had an appt at 4 and mine was at 4:30. She finally came to see me at 5 and then talked to me for about 3 minutes and then chased after my mom and took her back into an exam room. I layer learned that she listened to my moms heart, lungs, and checked her thyroids. So did she forget to do that initially?.. They she comes back in and is asking me questions and I felt so uncomfortable talking to her, like she didn't even want to hear what I was saying. I came in because I have a rash in my armpit. Other than that I have had no problems and am health. I left her office in shock because I came in with a rash in my armpit and she left trying to put me on blood pressure meds (this is the first time I have ever seen her, she has no history on me, and I just got my blood pressure taken two weeks ago and it was VERY GOOD) because my blood pressure was a little high. She also wanted me to get blood work done for diabetes and problems with my thyroid. She also gave me a prescription for the rash in my armpit.. For $280. The pharmacist kindly showed me a cream for $8. I felt like I was a paycheck for her and nothing else. I didn't get either prescription from her or the blood work. She has no reasonable cause to think I have thyroid issues, diabetes, or high blood pressure. She was very rude and not friendly! The only nice thing about her off was the guy at the front desk when I walked in. Needless to say I will never go back to her.
5	The staff is updated and great. Like I said before I love this doctor! Things have been wonderful the last few months.
