4	I always make a point to stop at this little cigar spot when I go to Las Vegas. Owner is a nice fellow who's quick to give you advice on what to get if you're a newbie smoker. It's interesting to watch the workers hand roll the cigars at their work stations too.
4	Stopped in on my way back from a beer run, this is a gem.  It was a sleepy Friday afternoon, workers had the day off but the owners were there.  What a pleasant and welcoming couple!  This is a cigar factory, though they do offer some cigars from other major makers you'd be doing yourself a disservice not trying what they are making on site.  I selected a single cigar which smoked wonderfully and tasted great.  I'd expect to pay at least half again or double for a cigar of this quality.  I told him I liked Rocky Patel Vintage series and he suggested a profile from his selection.  It was a great smoke!Given more time I would have stayed and smoked with them (and had a beer).  This will be a stop every time I am in Vegas.  Bravo Don Pablo!
5	Although I normally try to stay away from the strip I continuously find myself at  Don Pablo, The quality to price makes it a value you cant beat. I started going here 2 months ago on a recommendation from a coworker and it has been such a pleasure I have not been to any of the cigar shops I normally go to since. Watching the cigar makers hand roll is entertaining and everyone talks about that but the level of care and service given by a group of people who have complete control of the product they sell is second to none.
5	This was a great find and I really enjoyed my visit.  They have a nice selection of quality cigars they make right on the premises.  You can buy there or order online/by phone.I've only smoked two of them so far, but really enjoyed both and they were well-made with an excellent burn and draw.  With a wide variety of strengths and flavor profiles, there's probably one you'll like.I had a good time chatting with the cigar rollers and the manager while I was there.  It's bring your own alcohol if you want to smoke in the shop, and there's a liquor store right next to them.
5	This place is GREAT!Hand-rolled smokes that are mild to medium in body and smooth to smoke. NOT an over-powering cigar. High quality and makes your life just a little better!However, stay away from the sweetened cigars. Although the tobacco is still good, that sweetener is horrible. That taste hangs out in your mouth like a cheap can of diet soda. Stick with ANY of their regular smokes, whatever size is your favorite, you 'll love'em!
