1	Things must have changed a lot since the last review in 2009. I stayed there last night for a wedding at the nearby Blackstone Country Club and won't be staying again. Cibola Vista describes themselves as a "luxury resort" that offers "the finest amenities and comfort". I would leave out the words "luxury", "finest", and "comfort"... Then you've got a more accurate description.... "a resort that offers amenities". Check-in isn't until 4pm. We were going to a wedding so we called ahead to see if we could check in at 3pm. We were told there were no guarantees and that we'd basically just need to show up and hope the room was ready. Fortunately we decided not risk it -- my friends' room wasn't ready by the 4pm check-in. We drove back to check-in between the wedding ceremony and the reception. The lady in front of us in line was arguing with the front desk that it was her 3rd time trying to check-in and her room still wasn't ready (this was at 5:30pm!!). Thankfully our room was ready. We told the front desk person that we needed some sort of car service to get us back to the wedding asap. She just handed me a sheet of paper with about 20 different cab numbers on it and said to try calling. Most hotels I've been to (even more budget ones either have a shuttle or will call a cab for you.)  The pool area looked fun for families (water slides). We rented a Jr. Suite. The room looked clean and comfortable. It had a full kitchen. The bedroom is on the smaller side. Also, the bathroom lights are located on the opposite end, so you have to feel your way across in the dark at night. They had Bath and Body works coconut-lime products in the bathroom (a plus). The towels were pretty thread-bare. In the morning, I pulled back the shower curtain to take a shower and found hair all over the bathtub. Not just a lone strand that housekeeping missed. I'm talking hairs ALL OVER the tub, wall, and shower curtain. Ick. So we didn't shower and went to the lobby to check out by the 10am deadline. My friends, whose room wasn't ready by 4pm the day before were told there was a fee to check out past 10am. Um, so you can check people in later and not offer a discount, but charge if someone checks out any later. Doesn't seem very fair. Housekeeping woke them up at 8am in the morning to clean the room... So we figured  they start cleaning at 8am; check-in is at 4pm....That gives them a good 8 hours to get rooms clean (minus hairs in the bathtub, of course) and they still can't have rooms ready by 4pm??  My friends were also over-charged for their room. They were told they couldn't process a refund and were given the manager's contact information. They are supposed to call about getting a refund. Summary: The hotel was very "do-it-yourself" - no bell man/luggage service, no flexibility in accommodating guests, no extra help/service. No-frills hotels can be fine, but please don't advertise yourself as a luxury hotel if you're not. I've stayed in budget hotels that have had better service and been much more accommodating. And yes, I'm still bitter about the shower.
3	I stayed here in March'10 and thought the place was alright, nothing to rave about but here was my experience:PROS:1.  Location was good for what I was there for (work)2.  The nightly rates were really cheap (this had to do with my company more than the establishment though)3.  Easy enough drive to/from the airport4.  You can almost bypass Phoenix altogether getting to Scottsdale.5.  Their was plenty of shopping places about a mile and a half up the road (think Best Buy, Target, McDonalds, etc...)6.  A pretty happening restaurant/bar up the street that gets two thumbs-up7.  The rooms were actually really spacious and nice...it was like having a luxury one bedroom apartment scaled down for size (full kitchen, massive bathroom, den seating area & king size bed in a comfortably sized room).8.  Hot tub was rockin' & nobody gave us a hard time about having glass bottles out there.CONS:1.  Once I checked in, I had to lug a ton of stuff over to a room in the one of the back buildings and I couldn't see my rental car (maybe I'm weird...but I like to have my car close by)2.  I unpacked and got situated to find that the internet in my room wasn't working (Must have!), called the front office and they had to move me to an entirely different room (mind you I just unpacked...AGH!)3.  I ate dinner a couple times with co-workers in their lounge, & while it was good...it wasn't great, so we all ate at the restaurant/bar up the street the rest of the time.4.  Be aware, you stand a decent chance of see spiders looming around...so you have been warned, but otherwise it's real clean.I'd stay here again pending that I got the same room rates that I did last time, but it's my understanding having talked to the girls at the front desk that we got booked at unusually low rates.***Don't get sucked into any of that "time-share" crap...they don't push it like some other places I've been...but it's NEVER a good investment***
1	My husband I stayed here for two nights.  Of course, our room wasn't ready until 4pm, although we were there at 3:50pm.  The room was spacious, and that was about all. The walls were so paper thin that we could hear people in neighboring rooms talking. The second evening we were there there was a hired karaoke team set up in the pool area, and we had to listen to four hours of horrible singing mostly from the couple who owned the machine, because no one was there participating, and by 9pm, I called the front desk to complain because it was so loud, it sounded like they were in the room with a stereo blasting boom-box. They said, they would stop by 10pm which they did, but, good grief, it wasn't like they had a captive audience. We couldn't wait to leave. Luxury, its not. Even Motel 6 has a hair dryer and softer towels.
2	The night we stayed was a wedding gift from a family member. She was charged extra for a late check out when she was not supposed to and paid extra for the romance package which they did not do. They tried to charge someone elses credit card for our room and when it declined we could not check in unless we gave a credit card. Mind you this was paid for a few days earlier with a confirmation number. When they tried the phone number to fix the problem it was wrong of course so not rectified in time. My aunt had to drive down there while we were at dinner and demand things get fixed the right way with no offer to refund any amount to make her happy. The morning we checked out early and there was still a late check out fee for her and my credit card was still billed as well as hers.  We do not recommend this place at all for all the hassle you have to go thru to stay there. Oh and our room key was incorrect so after driving around, bringing all our luggage upstairs our key did not open the door so we had to go back to the front desk for another one. It was a nice gift that would have been great if it went well. I was so sorry for my aunt how embarrassing.
1	Wow... what a change in 1 year.  We had a great time a year ago when we celebrated my birthday there.  Decided to book again, despite all the negative reviews.  They told us over the phone we would have a room by the pool with a private patio.  We were on the first floor no where near the pool and our patio wasn't private.  It was open and most people were walking through it as a shortcut rather than following the sidewalk.  They keys didn't work, so we took this as a sign that, this room wasn't for us.  They offered us another room, closer to the pool upstairs.  No balcony or patio, but that's fine.  We got up there, and there was a pair of goggles under the entertainment center from previous guests that we noticed right away, little hairs in the shower tub, and even though we tried to ignore it all... the last straw was the 4 long hairs on our pillows as we got in the bed to sleep.  We called FD and they offered us a refund.  We are now celebrating our 1 year anniversary NEXT week at a different resort.
1	This place is a joke. There is nothing resort like about it. The organization has been pathetic, the rooms  are less than impressive and you are by nothing interesting. Don't waste your time. Save your money up and go to your local holidays inn cause it is no different. Anybody that even for a second considers buying a time share here is off their rocker.
4	Heres the deal...this place really isn't that bad...definitely not worthy of one star.Our room..or condo sized apartment type thing was enormous and very clean.  There were no hairs on the bed or showers like others had seen. The kitchen was loaded with utensils/pots/pans..very awesome. The walls were pretty thin though..and we were able to hear a crying baby at ungodly hours of the morning. So that was a bummer but that only happened once in our 5 day stay.The kids pool was actually the biggest pool I have ever seen in my life..It was also very clean and never had more than 5 people hanging out at one time. The adult pool area was much smaller and felt more like a bar area with a hot tub..also cool but we were looking for a good swim. The tennis court was a plus.The staff was very helpful and friendly...no attitudes or snootyness. They do offer free wireless in the lobby.  It worked great.  If you want internet in your room..its $5 for 24 hours.  We didn't even bother with that though. This is definitely the kind of resort where you are cooking your own meals  and cleaning your own sheets. There is no restaurant or lounge...but there are tons of restaurants and stores nearby. We were very relaxed here and felt well taken care of. Its really not as bad as others made it out to be.
3	This place is great.  It is right next to my wife's family's house and its a great overall resort with nice rooms.  The biggest problem is the check in time and check out time.  What a pain in the ass to have to check out by 10 am and you can only check in after 4 pm.
1	Horrible, horrible, horrible! We had reservations since September for a master suite, they checked us into a Jr. without even the courtesy of acknowledging it. When we called them on it, the concerierge just handed me the phone for the 800 number in Florida. Of course they couldn't do anything about it but offer me a $25 gift card. The Jr wasn't even big enough for the 4 of us (which is why we booked a master). The pull out sofa was broken and had screws protruding. NO WI-FI! are you kidding me... This is 2011 isn't it? What exactly is the "five star villa" experience? The staff was terrible, the room was 2 star at best. Run from this place!
1	Seriously outdated facilities, nothing "luxury" or "five-star" about it. Thread-bare towels, decidedly un-luxurious sheets and pillows.  Decor, OK, but not luxury or "five-star", even in a different era.No wifi, unless you want to go to the lobby?No HBO, Showtime, or even the standard overpriced pay-per-view hotel movie fare?Also, if by chance your stay is not meeting your expectations, every little section of operation is essentially fire-walled off from each other so that nobody can help you, unless of course you consider a "concierge" (who does less than the front desk of a motel 6) dialing a phone number and handing you the phone without even telling you who you're talking too, or what department she's dialed "help."And honestly, the staff here at Cibola Vista look like they hate their jobs, and they probably do.  Which probably accounts for the poor service.Lastly, 15 to 20 year old magazine covers which purportedly brag on the wonders of the Blue Green Vacation organization don't impress me.  Yelp reviews do.If you like time-travel, and your preferred destination is, as one other yelper said "a resort with ammenities" set in the mid 90's....go for it. If you're looking for something more current with better amenities, we recently had a lovely stay at a Hampton Inn.  I think I shall do them the benefit of a positive yelp.
3	This is a nice resort overall, so I'll give my breakdown:PROS: beautiful rooms! I had the King Master Suite w/ whirpool in room (no jets) and I was surprised by the 910 square foot apartment I got for less than the cost of a motel. Beautiful huge kitchen w/ all u need, nice decor, nice location, nice balcony, luxury style bathrooms.There's a washer/dryer in room w/ soap so u can do laundry.Very nice spa!CONS: bed was so hard and uncomfortable I could not sleep well.The whirlpool tub was not clean, they missed a few spots, so I had to get the kitchen supplies and scrub it down myself before use. Not cool.Did see hairs around the room and tub as others did. No housekeeping during stay, but u can expect the same w/ any like place so not a bother.No wireless Internet in rooms, $5/day w/ LAN in room, or use wireless in lobby. I knew this before going though, just think it's rediculous.Front office manager checked me in, he was not friendly at all. Otherwise, most of the staff we ran across at the resort were very friendly and stopped to talk to us.No spiders but did have to kill a cricket I'm the bedroom.If the bed was comfortable (not an unreasonable request!), all staff were friendly, had free Internet, rooms cleaner, and pest control done, it would be a 5 star resort.
5	I agree with another Yelper on here, this place is not as bad as everyone states.My parents have a time share here and they live across the street (literally) they go to the resort all the time since they have day use privileges also. My boyfriend and I were visiting from CA for my sisters wedding and my Dad bought us a 2 night stay here for the trip. I was nervous to check in since other Yelpers had issues...we did not get to the resort til' 5:30 pm since we were at the wedding all day. Morris helped us, he was hilarious, nice and helpful. We got checked in just a couple minutes and went to our room to check it out....pretty amazing.We got a one bedroom king master suite with a jetted giant tub, full granite kitchen and washer & dryer right next to the adult pool and bar.Went to the pool, grabbed a cocktail, and starting talking with the food and bev manager down there, she was very nice. My first margarita was pretty heavy on the marg mix, she made me a new one. Then shegave us a free chicken quesadilla since someone called in an order then cancelled it, it was good.We had some friends come by, took them and their kids to the family pool with a fun waterslide, the kids had a blast! We brought our own cooler full of beer in there, we got asked to not have a cooler full of beer since they were selling ten feet behind us...lol, oops, my bad :) they were nice about it, after all, the sign when you walk into the pool says no outside beverages right on it. We had a little shin-dig that night, no complaints, we accidentally checked out late, they were nice about that too.All in all, we will be back, I will recommend it and We had an amazing stay.Thanks for making a weekend visit just to go to a sisters wedding into a nice relaxing and fun vacation :)
5	We stayed here in July 2012 and had a blast. The room was great, the kids had fun and the lake is only minutes away. We spent time in Phoenix and surrounding areas. The staff were very friendly and helpful during our week stay. It's a fun getaway. I've read other reviews on here and I'm wondering if they stayed in the same place we did!
1	Our family decided to give Cibola Vista another chance in August 2012 after a horrible experience the first time we visited there in 2010.Our first mistake was in thinking that maybe things had changed over the two years since our last visit... they changed alright! We thought that it could not get worse;We also wrongly thought that getting the very best high end penthouse suite would help sweeten the experience... WRONG!!! The room was a disaster, dirty, smelly, no WI-fi, some kind of biological or other fluid all over the TV remote, with only half of the light bulbs working, urine still sitting in the toilet, air-conditioner only cooled the room to 85 degrees after 6 hours. The  towels and linens were dingy and smelly. The washer and dryer was completely inoperable, and the sudden gushing stream of water from the rooftop AC condenser unit into our bathtub at 11:30pm did not bother us, as the "adults" partying in the unit below us and wandering around the resort in a drunken stupor were louder than the flood in our unit.  When we called the front desk to complain we were politely told that they were sorry and would have someone look into it...  5 days later still partying loudly! The incessant barking dogs left locked into units barked all night and day did not seem so bad after the copious amounts of vomit  still left in the elevator at  11:30 am one morning from the partying the night before. People just leave their trash sitting in the hallways hoping someone will take it to the dumpsters for them. The BBQ grills are not  cleaned frequently, as there was left over fish of some kind all over both of the ones by our unit three days in a row. There were no recirculation pumps for the hot water system so it took forever for the water to get hot in the mornings. and our whole unit was absolutely infested with crickets! Live crickets were in the toilets, sinks, showers, bed, hallways within the unit, and DON"T open the lower cabinets if you don't like bugs! We had to sweep up dead bugs every morning before starting our day. The pool while looking inviting, was disappointingly warm, with the skimmers not appear to be working, lots of unrecognizable floating debris, and green slime around where the water level in the pool was. But even that was comforting compared to the boisterous behavior of the unsupervised, unruly, drunken fools in the pool, it was not even safe enough to let my 5 year old daughter  into the pool. The teenage inexperienced "lifeguards" that were supposed to be on duty were so busy hiding from the situation behind the slide that they could not have helped anyone anyway.If you are looking for a dirty, trashy, nasty place to party like a Porkey's style college dorm, then this is your place!If you are looking for a family vacation in a reasonably clean and quiet location look elsewhere, as Cibola Vista is a dump, with management, maintenance, facility, and customer service issues! Very dis-pleased that this is how my time-share money is managed!We will never return to this facility.
1	Our friends got married in Phoenix, they reserved a block of rooms in this "resort".We called and left a message to make a reservation, It took them couple of days to call us back to confirm it.On arrival, check in took forever, there was one person to help 6 people around 7 pm.This place looks like a resort on the outside, and on the inside " Motel 6" experience.The maid did not come to our room the second day, so we had no coffe, no shower cap for my wife......Checkout was 10 AM !!
4	First time here for a bday spa weekend with my hubby. This was our first trip to a Bluegreen resort as owners. It was amazing. Staff was super nice. When we got there our jacuzzi tub was leaking so we called the front desk and they moved us to a new room. The new room was perfect -- Jacuzzi tub in room is a must! Booked a spa treatment that was so relaxing. There is a ranch across the street with horses. Definitely coming back soon!
2	I think if this place dropped "Resort" from its name, it would avoid a lot of confusion.This is not a resort - it's really not even a hotel.  Cibola Vista is vacation club/timeshare property.Sure, they have a "concierge" ... well, at least they might.  They have a little office that says "Concierge" on the door, but I never saw anyone in there.  I think this is a good example of why Cibola Vista is not a resort, despite whether they're holding themselves out as one.When one thinks of a concierge, you think of that guy or gal who seems to know everything, knows how to get tickets, where the best restaurants are, etc.Even if Cibola Vista actually has a warm body with the title "Concierge", I'm pretty sure all they have is a piece of paper from the local chamber of commerce listing the local establishments.  I seriously doubt it's anything more than that.
3	Adult pool minimum age is not unforced. Definitely a family resort, not so much for the empty nester wanting a quiet get-away.  Accommodations are very nice. Bed was comfy.
2	The resort is pretty enough on the inside and outside, however, they closed the pool from 3:00 on to the rest of the night because a 10 minute monsoon created some "debris" in the pool. There was no debris in the pool! I wonder if this happens every time a monsoon hits during AZ's summer months. Hm. The sofa bed's springs were so bad my kids had to sleep on the floor. The only WIFI available was in the lobby. Only restaurant on site opens at 11 am. So don't forget your own cream and sugar if you want coffee in the morning, because your room is the only place you'll get it. We checked out a day early because we didn't want to sleep there another night risking no pool access and a bad night's sleep for the kids - the front desk didn't even inquire if everything was okay. Again, it's a pretty resort and the rooms are decorated nicely but I guess it's the lack of customer service that has forever turned me away from this place.
1	The Good the Bad and the UglyThe GoodNice resort, nice location.  Well designed, even pretty, excellent pools, one very big and one for adults, perfect!  Staff, really nice, responsive and helpful, Jake and Tara particularly.The BadDark dingy main room, had to have the lights on all the time.  One small, one foot by two foot window in the corner.  Noisy, poor sound insulation between apartments.  We could clearly hear the guy snoring at night next door, and when other guests put some music on, it was like they were in the same room.  Older furniture, very old small CRT TV (no flat screen) awful sound quality.The UglyInternet very very slow.  Billed as high speed...  Reached a peak of 1.5Mbps, some of the time, most of the time it was less than that. Could watch web pages very slowly build, my email (outlook) would intermittently time out.  Although they gave me a voucher, for most they actually charge for the service!  Hard wired in the room only.  The staff get 6.3Mbps, guests 1.5Mbps at best...  I'd be happy to pay extra for high speed internet (5Mbps or greater) 1.5Mbps is not high speed.  More like snail speed internet.  Could not stream movies, could not get any work done.  Called AT&T, spoke to resort management, was like asking a tree to uproot, all very nice people, no results.For me the crap internet was a show stopper, I won't be back...    If you are here on vacation and don't plan to spend much time in your room, then the place is probably fine.  However if you are like me, combining work and leisure, spending a fair proportion of you time in the room actually trying to get some work done, you will be frustrated...
4	My husband and I stop here when we go see family back in California. It's a great halfway point for us, and it's the perfect place to detox and get ready to get in the family chaos or return to reality at home. We love the option to use the kid area pool or the adult area pool depending on how crowded either one is. The spa in the kids area is large enough that you can sit and have a conversation with your spouse without feeling like you're sitting right on top of the people next to you (large enough for 70 people we're told). The rooms are perfect for the essentials, you have a fully functional kitchen, which is amazing. The bathrooms are spacious and the water pressure in the shower is always great (this is a big deal for me, I hate not being able to get the shampoo out of my hair or getting shot in the eye with a stray stream of water). The adult area pool has a great little bar, and the prices aren't bad. Best part of that is being able to charge it to the room so you don't have to bring your CC to the pool. Great little gym on property. Gorgeous scenery if you want to walk around. Lots of day trips available for a price. There is an actual spa attached to the resort, and I'm sure the treatments are wonderful, but I feel they are a bit pricey. My husband loves being able to check out bbq tools and we will usually bbq a nice steak one of the nights we are there. The people at the front desk are always very helpful and if there is an issue with your room they can usually send someone right up.This is definitely a place we plan on spending a lot of time, and we hope to get our family to meet us halfway to share in the little oasis in the desert.
5	These are the nicest rooms I have ever stayed in. They are very contemporary with plenty of space and full kitchen and fridge. The pools are extravagant with both an adult on pool and spa and a newly added huge jacuzzi in the mail pool area. They have a slide and whirlpool in addition to a beach entrance that my Grandkids love playing in.
5	The rooms at this resort are very nice. It is a newer resort and you can really tell in the rooms both design and decor. They are very luxurious. The pool is incredible and they have the biggest jacuzzi I have ever seen.
3	We stayed here while at a baseball tournament.  The "resort" is off the beaten  path so give yourself plenty of time to reach your baseball destination.  The pool is huge and every 10 year old boys fantasy with a water slide.  The rooms themselves were ok and comparable to a residence inn or other large hotel chain with a kitchen.  A plus was the washer and dryer. The carpet in our room felt dirty and the lighting is poor for the entire room.  Our bedroom was right next to the adult pool which was nice except our room did not have that second privacy curtain so if we wanted to let any light in our room that meant anyone could look up and into our room for a clear shot.
5	Ok - sometimes you really have to just go somewhere to see how it is AND despite the bad reviews I read from this place, our family went here anyway. I am glad to say that we had a fantastic time here. The king suite we had was spacious enough for our family (2 adults and 3 kids) and the pool area was a blast. The kids especially liked the baja entrance to the pool and the water slide. We had a 2 night stay and had to attend the presentation for the resort (which by the way - if I hadn't JUST lost my job was an awesome deal that we would have gone for if we had the money!). The presentation was not high pressure (which I loved) and the salespeople were very warm & friendly. Our suite itself was very clean (A BIG BONUS and one thing I was apprehensive about) and QUIET (I didn't hear my neighbors at all except for when doors open and shut - that's it). Another bonus is that the complimentary toiletries are by Bath & Body Works (nice!). Across the street are some stables and an old ghost town (our kids got a kick out of them) and there are many places to eat that are close-by. The location is also nice because you don't have to travel deep into Phoenix to get here (we came from the north by way of Flagstaff). Even though AZ drivers haul ass everywhere for no apparent reason - it was nice not to drive into traffic. I highly recommend this place.
1	- Difficult to find- Friendly greeting but had to fill out too much information- Had to get a parking pass at another desk even after I gave car details at desk #1..- Room service cuts off at 7PM!!!- Since I arrived hungry at 7:30 that was an issue for me. I was suggested fast food down the street. Thanks but no.  There were actually many options down the street so that's just poor messaging, but really no food service after 7!? that is too early or a resort to stop feeding you.- My room was in furthest away building, with no parking spots  available anywhere near it. - The clock in the room was off an hour, which is just weird because but the time never changes in AZ- NO WIFI!?!  I expect wifi to be free, but I'm familiar with sometimes paying. NO wifi is awful!!  And the amenities information book in the room promised wifi for $9.95 a day.- I tried to call the front desk to ask about the discrepancy but  the phone only calls housekeeping which was closed...so I had to use my cell phone to call the main number and ask if there was any internet options, they invited me to come work in the hotel lobby. (did I mention I was in the furthest away room).- I hate it here. I'd post this now, but there is no wifi...
5	Top Notch Resort, The great Get Away to Decompress, Can't believe Poeple rate low because of Amenaties that have nothing to do with the resort, and to complain about time shares, DON'T BUY ONE!!!!! Leave them to the poeople who can afford them, I love my time share and I love Bluegreen.... thanks guys see you this summer....
4	My first thought about Cibola "resort" is that it is not named right.  It should be Cibola "resort-lite" or even Cibola "resort-wannabe."  The following may clarify that thought, which is neither a criticism or complaint.  We stayed here for a week in March.  Many of the other reviews about the rooms I can tell you we did NOT experience, at all.  Our suite was decorated to my taste (southwest-tuscan vibe) and laid out perfectly.  LOTS of doors, and LOTS of light-switches, which were needed because the suites are a little dark.  This was not a problem though, and I can imagine, is REALLY nice during the hotter months.  The compromised star in this area is that although the suite was clean overall, there were lots of dents, scratches, patches needing paint touch-ups, and nicks in the walls and woodwork, and I was literally grossed out by the weird "stain" and feminine hygiene product that was on the ground outside our front door when we checked in, and was still there when we left.  Just gross.  Despite what I thought from reading some previous reviews, there IS housekeeping, although they were a no-show on our second day.  There are two pools, both of which are VERY inviting, and spotless, and we spent time at both the family pool, and the adult only pool.  Towels are provided (resort like); there is a bar and food available at the adult pool (resort like);  there was no food or bar or outside food or beverages allowed at the family pool (BIG ouch).  Ample lounge chairs at the family pool (resort); shortage of lounge chairs at the adult pool (not).  The "bar" at the adult pool was akin to a "snack bar" in a tuff-shed, with a counter and some seating.  The menu is diverse, but not too big.  I can't speak about the food because we didn't eat, but what we saw, looked pretty good!  The drink selection is average, but not resort like.  The grounds are really pretty, and well maintained and clean.  There are BBQ's and fireplaces, that we be great when the weather is cooler and at night.  The workout room is very well equipped, but small.  I did NOT find the staff pushy about the time-share offerings.  They asked when I made the reservation; I said no.  They asked when we checked in; I said no.  That was it!  NO hard sell at all.We had no issues with WiFi or connectivity.  We were not far from the main check-in/lobby, so maybe that's why.  Regardless of where we were on the grounds - boom - signal.  We didn't try the spa, but I was tempted!  The menu of services seemed pretty traditional, and not overly priced (ha - there's a perk to being a resort-lite or resort-wannabe)!   There were activities planned throughout the days, but we elected to pass and just relax poolside.  Although it won't last forever, they are building a new building of condos, and there is construction noise.  I didn't notice it starting too early, or lasting too late, but it kept us from the noisier side of the pool and grounds.  It's construction - The staff across the board was nice.  Just that, nice.  Not particularly friendly or attentive, but there, and doing their job.I would go back.  It's not particularly close to anything, but given the price and grounds, worth it!
4	Cool place.... Much better than a hotel, amazing pool.NO PARKING :(Need to get an exterminator... In the evening the sidewalk crawled with cockroaches.... Not in the hotel, just need to spray outside desperately.
1	One star and that's only because of the staff at the front desk, the grounds and the pool.  Let me start by saying this is no where near a 5 star resort or a 4 or 3 for that matter.   The room was honestly at first glance nice but the devil is in the details.... best analogy "silk shirt on a pig"  the main bedroom has a box tv which is weird BUT worse than that the beds are sooo uncomfortable their probably as old as the tv. We pulled the covers off to do a bed bug check and found stains and two different types of hair WTH!!   The pull out bed was a joke its a very thin matress, no padding all springs you'd be better off on the floor if it wasn't infested with crickets and mosquitos!!  I bought the room at the Bass Pro Store but didnt think I was going camping!  A resort is a place you want to relax in, lounge in the pool and never leave.... not here, we dreaded going back to the room it was almost eerie.  HATED IT!
2	Didn't meet my expectations. When I go to a resort, I anticipate excellent customer service and something more than a typical hotel stay. The rooms were good size and clean, but my room was not serviced on my second day stay and I certainly did not feel catered to while at the pool. Bartender by the pool was rude. Breakfast is also not included or even offered so you must go offsite for breakfast.
1	If you arrive for a late check-in like we did be prepared to hunt for the office as there are no lighted signs to direct you to the right location. As we were checking in I asked for a ground floor room and the friendly receptionist quickly found one for us. Great! We had some heavy baggage and golf bags to lug. She told us that we needed to get our parking pass from the concierge and when we were finished with her our room keys would be ready. The concierge wanted to sign us up for a time share presentation! She promised us it would only take 90 minutes and would be rewarded with on-site breakfast and 10-15% discounts to a selection of local activities. I've been through these types of presentations and they NEVER take 90 mins. Realistically, 3 hours is really what you're in for with some high pressure sales pitches and endless waves of sales managers. We respectfully declined and were released to pick up our room key. Honestly, if I knew this was a time share property I would not have booked here.When we found our room we discovered it was upstairs with no elevator. I can't help but feel that since we decided not to sit through the time share sales pitch they switched the room on us. I called the front desk and complained to the same person who promised us a ground floor room. She said she would look for one and call back.  While we were waiting we discovered that the room had some other issues like a phone that didn't work, light bulbs that needed replacement and an unusual odor we couldn't identify. The room was decorated in dismal orange and brown tones with dingy old furniture and you could clearly hear sounds from the adjoining rooms. After waiting 20 minutes we decided to stay in the room since we had an early morning tee time and needed to get to sleep after a long travel day. But instead of staying three nights we would leave after one. I called down to the front desk to tell them of the issues and our decision to leave after one night. And she was very nice about it and eventually confirmed our fee would be equal to the prepayment.Luckily I only pre-paid for one night out of the three nights reservation or this review would have been longer.The biggest problem turned out to be the bedroom's toxic odor. It wasn't overwhelming so I couldn't tell if it was an insecticide or a cleaning chemical. If it was coming through the air conditioning vent or from the carpet. It was only one side of the 'king' bed so my wife didn't smell it as strongly as I did. I woke up three times that night and had go to the living room to clear my head. One last thing. The bed was a queen not king as listed and was lumpy with both sides slanted to the outer edges.  We both felt like we could have rolled off if we moved too much. I can tell you that this is not good for golf scores!
1	The only good thing about this place is the beautiful room I stayed in (JR master suite). Everything else about this place is awful. The worse customer service ever! With one front desk person being clueless and the other one rude. They didn't have our room ready to check in to until 6 pm and they were very adamant for us to leave by 10 am. The only food offered here is by the pool manned by one slow/rude bartender. Why this place is allowed to be called a resort is beyond me! If you come here and expect to rent a condo with no amenities you'll be happy.
1	We used Cibola Vista as one of 3 hotels for our wedding at Trilogy this past week where we had 100+ guests coming from out of state. In the beginning of the process it was a breeze coordinating with Taylor who always got back to me right away. After she left, it was a hassle to get any type of timely response from the workers at Cibola Vista.I had many of our guests call to make reservations, only to hear that Cibola Vista didn't know anything about our room block, even after I thought I cleared this with a manager. I tried to stay on top of who was staying where so we could properly coordinate a shuttle service for our guests. Both Katelyn and Katrina never emailed or called me back in a timely fashion.I called the day I was supposed to check in to see if I could get an earlier check in. Anyone who has gotten married before knows how hectic the day before I can be. I absolutely understand the 4pm check in policy, but couldn't believe that the woman answering the phones couldn't provide better customer service in giving me an idea of if any room would be available at an earlier time, especially when I offered to PAY for an earlier check in time. It added to my frustration when my other guests checked in early that day with no problem at all. After checking in, the woman who handed out of the parking passes didn't even  have my reservation on file, but quickly wrote out a pass after I told her I was the bride with that weekend's wedding block.Aside from multiple bugs I found in the shower in and on our bathroom floor...what irritated me the most was that they did not clean our room the night before our wedding. I had my bridal party get ready in our room the morning of, and we were out before 3pm. Someone definitely came in our room to drop off clean towels, but never made any attempt to move the furniture back around or even make our bed. Funny that they can't guarantee a room be ready before 4pm though.I don't except housekeeping to clean up and organize the mess we made or have rose petals & champagne waiting. However, to come back to a total disaster of a room on our wedding night was truly disappointing.  I'm by no means expecting to get special treatment or at all trying to be a high strung, hard to please bride. However, it blows my mind that an establishment that refers to themselves as a "Resort & Spa" can get away with having such horrible customer service.All of that aside, Cibola Vista is most definitely a beautiful spot, in an area where lodging is sparse.  I only wish customer service was more of a priority.
1	If you have a pet, even if a hypoallergenic type,  they will charge you to deep clean the room,  even if you stay only one night. This was not posted on the bluegreen website when we booked. Our #1 concern was the pet policy and it only said they were welcome with no mention of exorbitant fees. Of course, they have changed it now and told us they have to charge us. My #3 regret in 37 yrs of life is buying bluegreen. Will be getting rid of it asap. They are all about squeezing every last penny from anyone they can fool into their scheme.
