5	I've tried pilates at a few other places, but after 1 lesson with Melissa I was hooked!  She is a great motivator and super knowledgeable.  She makes an effort to really get to know her clients so she can help you reach your goals.  Plus, she is hilarious and entertaining.  The studio is immaculate as well.  The service you receive here will not let you down!
5	At the Wall Pilates is the best! I've been to other studios in the area and the personalized attention and atmosphere here can't be beat! All the instructors have been fantastic and seem to really care about me and my fitness goals. There are a lot of nice touches and perks that you won't find anywhere else which shows that they really care about their clients. I will definitely be recommending this place to my friends!
5	If you want Pilates instruction that combines years of dancing, attention to detail, compassion and hard work, look no further! Melissa and her instructors offer this and more. At the Wall Pilates is a beautiful place to do Pilates in. Not only will you get a fabulous workout but you will also thoroughly enjoy yourself!  Melissa lights up the room with her warmth and wit.You won't find a studio like this anywhere else in Pittsburgh.
5	This place is AMAZING ! I have moved from NYC last year and was very worried I wouldn't find a good place to practice Pilates in Pittsburgh . Fortunately I was able to find one even better ... The Teacher and owner Melissa is very knowledgeable, the place had a very modern atmosphere , the equipment is top of the line , prices are very reasonable , the location is perfect for me since I live in Fox Chapel . So glad I have found you At The Wall Pilates
5	This is a great studio with positive, professional and encouraging, instructors. I've taken pilates classes at other local studios before, but  At the Wall can't be beat- the instructors keep it interesting, challenging and always fun. The studio is welcoming and Melissa and the other instructors attention to details and extra help/support is amazing! I'm hooked and so happy I found At the Wall.
