4	I'd heard nothing but good things about Nando's in the past but never actually visited one. I have to admit it was a pretty enjoyable experience. The Fountain park branch is only a few minutes walk from my flat so made it an easy choice for Sunday dinner when feeling too lazy to cook. The place was big enough that we didn't have to queue to get a table but not so cavernous that it ruins any atmosphere. Being a bit of a chicken wing fan I went straight for the portion of 10 with a side of chips. I am Scottish after all. My partner has a quarter chicken with sides of rice and coleslaw. The staff member at the counter asked if we'd visited Nando's before and told us we were very brave opting for the hot sauce as first time visitors. We're fans of spicy food though and would probably have rated this more medium than hot. Just a pleasant amount of heat with plenty of flavour. If there's not enough heat in the marinade for you they prvide bottles of sauce of each heat level to take to your table so you can spice it up 'til your hearts content. The wings were perfectly cooked with the meat just falling off the bone. Chips are chips and I can't think of anything exciting to say about them. With top-ups of your soft drink also included and a takeaway service available I'll be more than happy to become a regular at Nando's
4	Even thinking about Nando's makes me a little bit hungry for some chicken.  If I want to eat out at Fountain Park, I will automatically first think of Nando's.  Trouble is, quite often everyone else has the same idea.  This won't stop me coming back here though.I'd never even heard of Nando's before I came to Edinburgh.  I had no idea of what I was missing, and it was only when I moved into Bruntsfield a couple of years back that I realised the error of my ways.  The idea of Nando's is simple.  You can get chicken done to differing levels of spicyness,  These can then be had with a variety of side dishes, or as a burger, wrap, pitta, or other things.  There are, of course, provisions made for any vegetarians who may come along.The kitchen at Nando's feels much like a part of the restaurant.  You can see the grills at work as you order your food, and watch the magic unfold.  Nando's feels a bit like a fast food place, in that you place your order at the counter, and collect your own cutlery and sauces.  On the sauces front, try the extra extra hot sauce (in the black bottle).  The consensus amongst my friends is that it is not the hottest one they offer.  What do you think?I have never been disappointed with the food I have got from Nando's.  It is often busy and so, the food can sometimes take a while to arrive, but you'll forget about that once you start eating.If you have never eaten at Nando's, I have no idea why.  You are missing one of Edinburgh's great culinary experiences.!
4	I like Nandos as its reasonable and very quick, if you are trying to catch a film. The staff are a mixed bunch, but on the whole nice. I think that they are just young and not so used to dealing with customers.Not great for vegetarians, but if you like chicken you're sorted.
4	My favourite hot chicken restaurant! Ever since it opened I am hooked.- this is one of the largest I have seen (Lothian road is a good second)Despite the queues you see, after a little wait you will get a table. Problem is when there is a popular film on.. this will max the place out and you may even get told to come back later. (happened once in my experience).This place is about chicken & Nando's Piri Piri sauces and that is it. You not be dissapointed. Other food stuff are served but in less variety.My favoutite is the chicken wings - they are better than any bufallo had before. And the corncobs are delicious.I also like the fact that you can refill on your soft drink free of charge.On thing though I am wondering. What do they clean the table with? As it is quite sticky?!
4	My friends and I love Nando's!!It's sauces has very distinctive flavours, it's portions are large and its prices are pretty acceptable for the kind of quality it serves.It is often packed so it is a good idea to make reservations.The chips and mash potatoes are our favourite side dishes!
3	I like Nandos. There, I said it. Nandos seems to be like Marmite - people either love it or hate it. For me, it's love. It's spicy. It's freshly-grilled chicken. A WHOLE chicken if you want. I normally pip for the half. And they have ratatouille and sweet potato mash. It's a filling, hearty but also relatively healthy feed.It's hard to review different Nando branches, as it's a chain and one of the thing a chain should do well is reproduce the same quality everywhere. They do. The chicken here is so less juicy, hot, fresh and flavourful. I suppose as this branch is attached to the cinema and bowling complex, it gets really busy. But the staff are really efficient, always smiling and never seem stressed waiting on the crowds.I ordered take out from here recently and whilst waiting, I sat and watched the behind-the-till and kitchen staff. It ticked over like a well oiled machine, or well spiced chicken (No, wait that doesn't work. Nevermind). They had a system, they were rocking it. I was impressed. I left with my half a chicken in a bag and I hadnt been happier that day.I suppose I'm giving this one 3 stars as I only come here if I'm going to the cinema, and even then it's only every few visits that I go, due to how busy it gets. But kudos to the staff for dealing with such a busy branch so well.
4	edinburgh used to be a sad city with exactly zero nandos in its city limits.  and then one opened....and then a second, and finally a third.  and then my heart was happy because nando's is one of those places that is just good.  and it was perfect for a pre-rugby lunch when our prefered choice of venue told us they had no tables.nando's however, was still fairly empty as it had just gone noon and most rugby going fans were in a pub with a pint.  we however were being swifty shown to a table with menus and the promise of food very soon.  i decided quickly because despite nando's being known for its grilled chicken, i always get the grilled portabello mushroom and haluomi pita.  it's delicious and haluomi cheese is just amazinggggggggggg.  i ordered this with a side of fries and macho peas.  the boyfriend went for a double chicken wrap with corn on the cob and some fries.  we also ordered the hummus with peri peri drizzle to share.  i know so much food, but i was suffering some bad hangover blues and needed some nando's loving!!orders taken quickly and we were back at our table with drinks and followed by the hummus shortly.  the peri peri drizzle came in an adorable little bottle so you could add as much or as little as you wanted.  and loads of pitta bread for dipping yummmmmmmm!!  we had a bit of a wait for our food, but i think that that was the hangover hunger monster being inpatient so it wasn't actually that long.  my pita was awesome with a huge portabello mushroom and lots of grilled haluomi cheese!!! the chips were ok (not quite as crisp as i like) but the peas were super tasty with just a tiny kick of chilli.  the empty plate across from me clearly signifed that my boyfriend enjoyed his wrap as well.so nando's gets a hearty four stars from me.  it's consistent, the food is of good quality, it has the option to go healthy if you wanted, and they have grilled haluomi cheese.  this is a chain i will happily go to when in need of a satisfying and quick dinner.
4	Still on 4 Stars (just) - that is solely on the strenghts of their chicken. They taste good, very good. The menu has been amended to include some more meats and vegetarian dishes. They introduced beef, and chicken thighs. The service is friendly, helpful and efficient. The tables are clean (not sticky as I originally noticed in my previous review). I like the refillable icewater and bottemless soft drinks. Their sauces include new varieties Garlic, Lemon, Wild Herb, which are tasty and hot. Their fries however have taken a battering (.. see what I did here) - they were a little limp and soft, with minumum of peri peri salt. Still a great contender in the Edinburgh 'Wings' quest - If there was one. (perhaps I should start one..)
