1	Ok -- see below referenced wet behind the ears server... I popped in here today for a quick sandwich -- it was late, 1:20.  So I figured it would be an easy place to grab a quick bite.  Since I was alone, I headed into the bar -- barstools... -- but wet-ears (asian kid, spiky hair, glasses) directed me into the dining room where there was only 1 table of 2 occupied...  "ugh they're doing work in the bar..."  "Sit here, there's more ac" (it was goosebump cold and completely unnecessary).   When I asked him where the ladies room was, he replied "(beavis-y)  uhhhuhh, they're doing work in the men's room, so you'll have to hold your nose if you want to go to the bathroom."   Since we both knew that I needed to go to the restroom, I ordered quickly -- slider combo and an arnold palmer.   "uhhuh, our uh lemonade thing isn't working so we don't have any"    I ordered water.  Then five minutes later, he sheepishly returned,  holding glass,  "uhhuh, I asked the bartender if he could make lemonade so if you don't like it, no problem..."  (lemon, water, sugar -- yeah, tough) -- not even a full glass, then add iced tea.  Hard.  Real hard.15 minutes after that...after watching him chat away with hostess/manager/whatever -- he comes skulking back to the table "um, I have a confession... we don't have any brisket."   It's been 20 minutes -- and he's just now telling me no brisket -- are you kidding me?   So, I ask him, as I survey the entire empty dining room -- if he thought that his service, the poor communication with the kitchen, the lameass excuses had anything to do with the state of their business?   "uhuh, maybe, it's just me."   Ya think?   Do you think that folks who come in here for lunch have time for this foolishness?  Get your act together -- and quickly.  Then I do what I haven't done in ages -- I left.  I asked him what I owed him for the bad arnold palmer (he correctly answers that it's on the house)  and I stood up and left.  Couldn't believe it.  They have bloody no business, and they think this bozo is helping them keep customers. Open letter to Adam Carmer -- Hotel School Professor and (allegedly) Restaurateur:Dear Mr. Carmer, BBQ margaritas aren't enough to sustain or build a restaurant -- let alone a good or truly satisfied restaurant clientele.  Good food, genuine service, great values are.  Your Maryland Parkway operation is a joke.  Please, if you want your substantial investment in this location (which is much appreciated, by the way)  to matter, tap into your healthy employee base (I'm sure you have a few employees who would be interested in picking up some add'l shifts), and bring some experienced talent over.  Better yet -- you don't need a hostess/manager/multiple servers when you have (ahem) NO BUSINESS.   Get those girls on the floor -- teach them about the food and make them earn their money.  Simply reprinting menu placemats does not build business -- oh, yeah, you might have the girls read the menus too...understanding your food and the things that matter to you.  I've found, as I've meandered through the food business, that typically it's helpful, and your customers appreciate it when staff can answer questions, instead of staring at you like you've asked them to create world peace on a plate.   Oh and in case you thought I was pussyfooting around the issue, I won't -- fire the spiky haired kid -- seriously.  Foodservice is not his calling.  I'm sure something is -- but do him, you (and your guests) a favor and please, please cut the chord so that no one has to put up with his lame excuses, and worse than that his mind bending business-ending behavior ever again.   And you might drop me a note when he's gone -- maybe then I'll return.  Yep, that bad.One more thing, your cook at the Flamingo location cooks circles around -- your crew at Maryland Parkway.   Oh, and from what I've seen, he can run the whole damn place singlehandedly -- and is happy and proud to do so.  His food is worth returning for -- as is his attitude.  Send him over to fix Maryland Parkway, or it's truly doomed.  Better yet,  get yourself in there to run things.  Throw the rest of them out, and show us what it is that you know.  Introduce yourself to your guests -- hell there are only about 2 of them, so it shouldn't tax you too much.  Maybe then you'll begin to rebuild your business the old fashioned way, one happy customer at a time.
1	I order "large beef ribs" to go (about $16)....which comes with two sides to be chosen from a list of sides that are listed on the menu at $1.99 each. I want sweet potato fries which is not on the list of sides that comes with the order and is listed on the menu at $2.99. So I do quick math in my head, and ask the barman if I can trade the two $1.99 sides for one $2.99 side. I figure with a net gain of $.99 to the house, it would be an easy call. The barman politely says 'can't do it.'So I call one of the management staff over; his name is Rob. I tell him what I want to do. He says 'can't do it'. I point out it's a trade in his favor. He says 'still can't do it'. I say 'but you're going to have an unhappy customer'. He says again 'can't do it'.I should have walked out then and there, but I was starving, so I took the order with the two "fascist" sides.I can only assume by my experience that this restaurant doesn't want my business...and I am more than happy to oblige."More than happy to oblige"...those are five words the management at Adam's Ribs would do well to learn.
3	great decor, like a texas bbq, old country theme but with big screen tv's 2 on every wall, nice comfy boothes in the dinig area and tall bar table & chairs in the bar area. only thing missing was sawdust on the floor & some live country music!!this place is brand new been open approx. 2 weeks now! looks greatvery friendly & efficient. everything was brought out timely,drinks were always filled quickly, the coleslaw tasted diiferent than expected & was promptly switched out very professionally. owners came to the table to make sure everything was good.very good waitstaff-attractive & friendly-great for college locationfried pickles were good -if you like them. a different spin than the fried pickle chips i've had before but goodthe spinach & artichoke dip was made fresh and very hot & yummy-the pita bread was grilled & great- just wish there was more!! but the chips did the job-we ate every last bite. we had 3 types of ribs (rib tasting)the beef rib was huge but not very meaty & dry the baby backs were small but very tasty the spareribs were the meatiest and very tasty too the beans were good but didn't have any chopped brisket or links in it, the cole slaw as stated was a little different it was made champagne vinegar & gave it a little tequila flavor. the cornbread muffin were good but just average.the mac & cheese was good & cheesy but not bakedall the reviews claimed it to be the best rib place in all of las vegas.and while we did really enjoy this place. it had everything you wanted in a bbq joint the look & feel , reasonable prices, terrfic service & the owners were on hand.but it fell a little short with the bbq. don't get me wrong it was good but being a ma & pa place you really expect them to be so much better than the chain places.the waitress even told us the cook was not the best-so we expect better results next time.this place is located across from unlv so it's open late til 2am & they have great drink specials & that fried pbj & banana/honey sandwich i gotta go back for later !!!
2	This time around I decided against the bbq and ordered 2 deep fried pbj & honey sandwiches.I like the atmosphere with the bar, beer pong and all the tv's to watch the game. The hostess and servers are very friendly but the food is just.......The PBJ was way too heavily battered and very greasy. I expected it to be cut in half and maybe a little powdered suger for $4.50 each.It looked very undesirable and it was so greasy i barely made it through half.Adams has been very disappointing both visits-They seem to be be focusing too much on the bar & beer pong shit to cater to the college kids they have lost track of good bbq & food in general. Very lackluster and they even threw in a free order of watermelon slices which did nothing to impress me.I was very upset that this wasnt better than a twinkie. I will have to try my own at home to get it right.
1	Small portions.  Not tasty.
