2	It wasn't super terrible, it really wasn't, but I probably wouldn't return.  I've had much better fish and chips elsewhere for $6-7.  I'd rather eat the fish and chips or fish sandwich at Jack-in-the-Box or Burger King.  Everything here was super salty and the fountain drinks were limited to diet-this and diet-that.  Yuck.My meal was edible but it took a lot of strength to actually keep it down.
3	The cashier was new so bless him that he put my order as eat in though I stated to go. He also forgot my drink cup. The manager was quick to rite the wrongs. Love the rootbeer on tap. The double Bacon Burger was delicious. Could of came with more fries. A&w rocks.
1	Our experience here was not the best in many ways unfortunately. We just happen to be in the neighborhood while running some errands and hungry so we stopped.This is not our first ride on the LJS train so we know what to expect as far as taste and quality of the food.The place was empty however one customer in front of us trying to use a coupon with a new employee so that was a total disaster. We should have left after waiting 10 minutes in line to place our order however we were there and hungry so we waited and waited and waited some more.Finally what appeared to be a Manager comes out and takes our order while the "new" employee is still fumbling and bumbling trying to understand how to input a coupon into the register.It was frustrating for us to have to witness what this woman in front of us is going through trying to place her simple order.No apologies to her or us for the long ridiculous wait.The food just did not taste good either, the fish was not crisp as it usually is, the coleslaw tasted off and our root beer floats were not very floaty.We will never return to this location, we only stopped here because it was near where we were running errands.Common sense goes a very long way! It is too bad some people don't have common sense or manners in this industry. Also however they are storing or cooking the food should be up to par like the other LJS in town. This was the worst food we have ever eaten from a LJS and truly disappointing on so many levels.Bad staff and bad food, no bueno!
1	Got two pieces of chicken in my two piece fish meal I ordered. :(  Where's the fish?
1	Service is super slow. Drive thru averaged 25 minutes both times with only two cars in line. Avoid
1	This is what you get for $7 bucks?! One shriveled up piece of chicken and fish, 12 French fries and two hush puppies. Wow I have better luck in the casinos. What a rip off! Never will return.
