1	Very rude! Called to speak to her regarding leaving my dogs there for a couple days while I was in the Scottsdale area. She did not ask any questions, just immediately said no, it would be too much of a disruption for her. I was willing to bring my dogs in for a meet and greet and she still said it was too much work. I would think someone would be very pleasant to a possible new customer, but she was completely the opposite. I come to the Scottsdale area 3-4 times a year, so that could have been some extra business for her. Do not recommend, would not want to inconvenience her to take care of my dogs., despite the fact that that is her business.
1	I just spoke with the owner on the phone after calling to find out when their new facility would open. As we talked I was explaining that the staff at the daycare facility I use in Illinois (www.k-9playtimeinc.com) actively engages the dogs in play and has tennis balls everywhere. She said that toys generally are not allowed (I spoke only of tennis balls, not toys) and that she is seriously considering using "REMOTE SHOCK COLLARS" on the dogs in her care if they are "causing problems."'Nuff said.Update:Some science on shock collars:http://drsophiayin.com/blog/entry/are-electronic-shock-collars-painful-or-just-annoying-to-dogs-a-new-study-rOn the myth of using dominance to explain dog behavior:http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2009/05/090521112711.htmA good article on finding good daycare: http://seattletimes.com/html/tailsofseattle/2018722675_trainer_qa_how_to_find_a_good_dog_day_care.html
1	Too many dogs, not enough supervision! This is a beautiful dog resort, but it is a new property that is trying to build a business at the expense of animal safety. One attendant in a yard of 20 plus dogs who are all running after the same toy does not make for a safe environment. I loved the cage free environment and atmosphere, but after being there two hours my dog required medical attention after being bitten by another dog on premises.  I was shocked to learn (from the owner) that the dog that bit my dog had "nipped" two or three men who were doing construction work on site and "nipped" her dog. I do not feel that a dog exhibiting aggression should be permitted in this type environment. The vet attending to my dog confirmed that my dog was walking away and not involved in an altercation. She said that since the bite was to the back leg/groin area it was apparent that she was attacked while walking away. There was a new attendant in the yard and too many dogs for her to have control.A very unfortunate situation, but since the dog who bit my dog is still allowed to stay there on a regular basis I felt it necessary to write this review.  I do not want another pet to be injured.
5	My boyfriend and I were going out of town a few weeks ago and needed a place for our pup for the weekend.  After looking all over scottsdale via Yelp we settled on Always Unleashed.  The video showing all of the dogs on the website is what closed us.  Machi ended up staying there Friday through Monday and when we picked her up she slept until Wednesday!  We went away again this past weekend and there was no doubt where we were going to leave her.  As soon as we made that right turn She started getting crazy excited.  Karen is definitely a one of a kind owner and you can tell that this is her passion.  i will say that the video stream is a cool idea but she needs to get better internet so that the video actually works.  If that is my biggest complaint, then I think it says a great deal about this spot.
5	This is my 5 lb Maltese's new home away from home. I have never seen so many healthy, happy, attractive dogs in one place! No cages, no segregating, all the dogs share ample indoor and a large wide open outdoor space. Staffed 24/7 with great, caring people. Mountain was thrilled to spend time with his fellow canines this morning and I'm free to enjoy traveling for work next week knowing he will be happy there.
5	I was referred to Always Unleashed and couldn't be happier! Karen the owner has put so much love into her place. My dog Bama loves spending the day there while I work and I love that I can check on her through the doggie cams on the website and have peace of mind she is with loving people that treat her right! The staff is so caring and the manager Brian is awesome! The facilities are amazing and their pricing is reasonable. I highly recommend Always Unleashed for boarding or daycare!
1	Wow!,  all the reviewers that gave 5 stars were filtered.   Maybe, this filter things works. Anyway, I called twice today to get info on boarding and twice was told they would call back in 5-10 minutes.  La la la la la. Still waiting. Business must be good.
1	After having my dogs stay here on five separate occasions, and after our last experience, I feel compelled to warn everyone to avoid using Always Unleashed. Brian is a great manager, and we really wished that his level of customer service was present in the rest of the business. Karen is one of the most abrasive and unprofessional people I have ever met. During our second time of using the service she literally argued with my wife over a billing dispute, in which Karen was in the wrong, to the point of making my wife cry. This was the day after our wedding, mind you. When confronted by me Karen denied everything, which demonstrates how shallow a human being she is and how delusional she acts as a better-than-the-customer "owner". I just picked up my very stressed out dogs who were literally drenched. When the dogs were given to us, by a 12 year old worker which in of itself was odd, she indicated that my dog just had a panic attack and gave a short apology. Completely unbelievable. My Boston came back with a belly full of marks and with crusty seemingly infected eyes. (See picture.)  I would expect that either when I was away I would have been alerted to such a development or at least have been made aware about this when we picked her up. Not only do you not receive any sort of exit report, but their streaming cameras have not been working. [Edit: They haven't been working on phone browsers, which when you are away and traveling could be extremely useful.] I think this says a lot about how transparent they are and how little personal attention they apply. In short, do not trust these people with your dogs. Follow up to Karen's response: Just to get the facts straight, the Living Social coupon that Karen is referring to was actually a Groupon that clearly stated one coupon per person, not per household. One was for my dog, and one was for my wife's dog. Karen verbally assaulted my wife asking how it was possible that she purchased two coupons. I purchased one coupon, and my wife purchased the other. My wife asked why Karen was being so mean to her, again, the day after we just got married. When I called Karen to discuss the matter she played it off that it was a mistake in the Groupon and that my wife just had a "misunderstanding." When my wife was crying as she left the store, was that also part of the misunderstanding? I would also like to point out that there weren't any other customers in the room when my wife asked if Karen was f-ing kidding with the way she was acting. Karen would like to slander my wife's character in an effort to prove her point, which again demonstrates how shallow of a human being she is and how awful she is as a manager.  To be clear, we never apologized to Karen. When I called to complain about the initial encounter to Brian, he apologized to us and indicated that both coupons would be honored, and we decided to utilize the second coupon during our pets last stay. When Karen attempted to start an argument with me regarding redeeming the coupon I repeatedly told her to call Brian, which she refused to do. To her credit, she did honor the coupon, but not without providing me with the abrasive response that she did. But again, Karen sets the facts aside and wants to present things as she sees them.      The "wet dog thing" is actually a picture of hives that developed all over my pet during her last stay. My pet required a steroid shot and now is on medicine to clear things up. NOTE: I am glad Karen now acknowledges there is a rash, but denies her service was responsible!  But who are you going to believe, Karen or your lying eyes?You can believe Karen or you can believe the person who has clearly articulated his concerns with the quality of service received by Always Unleashed.2nd Response: Maybe you should take the advice of some of the negative reviews and actually talk to your manager Brian. Since you still refuse to provide the actual facts, let me just lay them out for you.   For the record, my wife and I purchased two $50 Groupons (bar codes 2435-8710 and 0801-9536). The first Groupon was utilized on May 19th, at which point you threw a fit and yelled at my wife, the second was just utilized on July 21st in which you refused to honor what Brian had to agreed to to settle this matter. Additionally, we paid for the temperament test, and paid the full rate June 15th for day time services and June 29th for day time services. At no other point did we utilize coupons, Living Social deals or any other sort of discount programs, so stop trying to mis-characterize me or my wife. 3rd Response: Not your resort? THE PICTURE IS FROM THE DAY WE PICKED HER UP. She was FILTHY and SCRATCHING HERSELF when we got her. Did you leaver her outside during the monsoon?! If she was covered in filth, did you think not to clean her? You were negligent to the care of my dog and it cost me $68. We have paid full freight on more than one occasion you slanderous liar. BEWARE
5	So far we love Always Unleashed and have seen them take great care of our Black Labradoodle when we leave town.  Our dog is medium sized, kind of bashful around larger dogs and loves the water.  While we were visiting the Florida Keys, we checked their live video several times and noticed the employees making sure Rollie was getting attention, wasn't overwhelmed with the larger dogs and they even kept her swimming in the more shallow areas of the pool as she isn't the best swimmer.Besides the video camera not being the greatest, this staff treats our dog amazing.  Don't pay attention to the negative reviews, this place learns your dog and treats it the way you would at home.
1	11.26 Update: I would point out that Karen is updating her responses to my complaints after she just received another complaint about vet bills from Yelper Sue P. If you want to gamble with your pets health, take them here. If not, look elsewhere.    Prior updates: If your facility is wall to wall artificial turf, and since my dogs came home covered in filth/mud, you have admitted to leaving my dogs outside during the monsoon. Did you know that dust is a significant trigger for allergies? That ties out what happened to my dogs during their stay at your facility.    Karen has more than proven my point regarding her lack of professionalism. In addition to her updates, Karen contacted my wife and I directly with the following two emails:07/24/13 at 11:29 AM: "Your dogs were never stressed and because they you alls as their parents they can't come back Well miss them though they are wonderful"07/24/13 at 2:49 PM: "Crazy they weren't stressed!  As I said I really do wish you well, we just don't get along.  I'm sorry I rubbed you the wrong way and vise versa  I'm not, nor is Always Unleased for everyone, my apologies.  Best of luck." In addition to slandering my wife and I, Karen has now identified us by name on the Yelp platform, which not only demonstrates your her of professional, but I believe is a violation of the TOS of Yelp (which I have made them aware of).  There was never a third coupon, as Karen continues to lie about. I have provided full verification of what actually transpired here, including the actual Groupon numbers, which were purchased.  So long as Karen continues to lie, I will continue to present the truth. At the end of the day, fellow Yelpers, you need to decide if this is the type of person you want to trust with your pets.Note: The actual fine print that this pathological liar refuses to acknowledge: "Limit 1 per person, may buy 1 additional as gift."
5	Always Unleashed is a fantastic concept and business. We have used them for 5 nights in the last month. The people truly care about the pets. I was very stressed yesterday as I left my two small dogs their for the day for a business trip to California. My flight was delayed and I could not get back in time to pick them up. No problem, they took care of them. My dogs do not like to stay with anyone but us without getting stressed out. They are very happy to stay with Always Unleashed family. Frankly I was shocked to read the negative review from the folks trying to abuse the coupons and then complaining about it. That is terrible. Small businesses should not be treated that way. We are new to Arizona and hope to find more places like Always Unleashed.
5	best place ever!  i love it!  My dog loves it and it will tire out your pooch like nothing else!  and very reasonably priced!
1	We LOVED the "concept" of this facility but after spending over $830 in two separate stays (August 2013 & Sept 2013) I ended up spending $973.87 in vet bills.  Both times when picking up our dog she got sick while staying in this facility; first time with upper respiratory infection and second time with kennel cough AND giardia!  I called Karen both times to speak her about it and she acknowledged several other dogs were sick as well.On the second stay we were told our dog was put in a separate area by herself because her new employees couldn't handle her.  (She wasn't an issue the first 2 week stay)  Karen told me a new dog (Pitbull) was allowed in even after her own dog circled the Pit (meaning it alerted her there might be an issue).  When we got her home we noticed a HUGE scab on her neck and looked like a bite on her ear.  It was swollen and had a little tear....but it was OUR dog that was removed??All in all I loved the concept but I think it's dangerous having 50+ dogs in one environment.  We have since found dogvacay.com where individuals take your pet into their home.  Just got back from a 2 week vacation and no issues when getting our dog back.  Healthy as a horse!  This caretaker had 2 of her own dogs and had a couple other overnight dogs and also does dog daycare so Bella met several other dogs during her stay without any incident.11/20/13 RESPONSE TO KAREN'S COMMENT:  I'm not one of those owners who thinks their dog does no wrong.  I shared with Karen that Bella is an alpha dog and if paired with the wrong dog(s) she can be a handful.  We did the required "meet and greet" and Bella passed with flying colors which is why Karen took her the first 2 weeks.  This is the first we heard she turned our dog away.  She and I had a long conversation about the latest stay and I was trying to understand how Bella did so well on her first (2 weeks) stay but not on this 3 night stay.  In fact, if she recalls accurately, she said Bella was not the problem (which is why I'm guessing she let her come back the 2nd time) and that she said that one of the issues was her new employees, all girls.  She felt their energy was setting the dogs off and that she was going to do extensive training with the new employees and it should be fine for when Bella was to come back at the end of October.  She then proceeded to tell me about the Pittbull that came for a meet and greet.  If her decisions were conservative then why did she let the new pittbull, that seemed to have upset HER dog enter the main area?  Bella already had a good track record there.  I was never told Bella got bit on the ear and maybe none of them knew, which means they aren't looking at the dogs or paying attention.   Our main issue was spending $50/night AND having to pay medical bills to take our dog to the vet EVERY time she stayed.  Even YourDogGuru (she referred me to him) said he picked up a dog from Karen, that an owner abandoned, and THAT dog was sick.  Again, I loved the concept of this but I have learned the caretakers REALLY need to know the dogs personality to be able to have 50+ in one open area and "employees" REALLY need to have the right energy and "know how" to command the dogs.  I also question if the vaccination requirement is really being followed up on ALL dogs given how often they are sick leaving the facility.
1	Terrible. This woman lost my dog after one day and I never found her. Now Im short a family member and the woman didnt offer to pay for the cost of the dog. We had to ask for the money and it took her almost a month to pay up. And obviously you can't put a price on a lost baby. I miss my dog terribly and I strongly reccomend thinking twice before giving this woman your pet.
1	After searching online and sending out an email to always unleashed I got a very harsh and rude email back! I wouldn't leave my dog here! The place looks very nice but they seem very rude and not very knowledgable!All I can say is look else where!
5	Brought our Boxer puppy here. He loves it and it has encouraged him to swim. We can rest assured that he is getting socialized in a controlled environment as opposed to socialization at a dog park where many dog owners don't know how to control their dogs. Always Unleashed Pet Resort provides another layer in our puppy's training and socialization:) thanks
1	I found this boarding facility and was very interested based off the pictures.. but then I read the reviews, one specifically, about receiving a rude and harsh email. At first I thought the lady was probably overreacting, but following the review is a nasty post from the owner, I assume, defending her nasty email and speaking poorly of pitbulls. I am a proud pitbull owner and have been in the pet care industry for 6 years. Her narrow minded opinion on the breed is the reason they get a bad wrap. I would never entrust my pets with someone who fails to do research on breeds and bases opinions solely on stigma. You must be making good money Always Unleashed, to be able to afford to turn away business like that.
1	It saddens me that I have to write this review because I had such high hopes for Always Unleashed. Their method for allowing the dogs to interact with each other and their pre-screening process for evaluating new dogs led me to believe that they truly cared about the quality of the stay that dogs had there; unfortunately I have found that is not the case. They do not dedicate the necessary staffing resources or have the proper controls in place in ensure that dogs have a healthy and happy stay at their establishment. Obvious signs of sickness go overlooked without apology and their is a seeming disregard for the trust that owners place with them to keep their dogs healthy. When I picked my dog up from Always Unleashed after a weekend stay I was immediately shocked at how malnourished he appeared and how lethargic he was acting, they simply stated that dogs play hard when they are there and that his behaviour was normal. When we got home it became even more obvious that my dog was very sick and probably had been for the duration of his stay there. He was vomiting and had horrible diarrhea, he wouldn't drink any water and when I weighed him I was shocked for find that in a matter of 3 days he had lost 10 pounds. Immediately (after measuring his weight loss), I took my dog to the veterinarian, on the way I called to ask if they had noticed anything out of the ordinary with his behaviour - I was told that he was very active the entire time, that he has eaten all of his meals, and that he didn't have any vomiting or diarrhea. When I pressed to find out specifics about his meals (which I was suspicious of because nearly half of the food that I sent with him was returned to me) I was again told that he had eaten his meals, when I explained that was impossible because he still had almost half of his food leftover and it was measured out exactly I was given excuses like "sometimes it is hard to watch all of the dogs" and "sometimes we miss lunches because we are only used to feeding twice a day" even though previously I had been assured that he had eaten every meal completely and that it had been specifically documented as such. When I asked again to have the owner check specifically with people that had interacted with Biscuit if he had signs of sickness like diarrhea and vomitting and when that may have begun I was told "well, it is really hard to tell because sometimes a dog may vomit and another dog will just eat it, so we won't notice" and that there are too many dogs to be observant of each dogs bowel movements, and "I told them to watch for that type of thing, but it was about six months ago so I don't know if they are still implementing it". At every question that I posed the owner was defensive without taking any responsibility, always looking for some way to demonstrate that it was not her or her establishments fault, I was never offered so much as an insincere apology. After tests the vet informed me that my dog was severely dehydrated, and that he had a foreign body in his intestinal tract, after confirming with an ultrasound that he had a bowel obstruction they took him to surgery to remove it. I am grateful to say that he is home with us now recovering. I do not blame Always Unleashed for whatever it was that my dog ate to obstruct his bowel (even though with appropriate supervision that could have been potentially avoided as well), but I do believe that my dogs symptoms should have been noticed much earlier so that he could have been treated sooner and gone through much less suffering. Also, I was blatantly lied to with regards to him getting the food we prescribed, and the story regarding his behaviour there changed from entirely positive that he was healthy the whole time to unsure at all of how he acted or even ate. If you are lucky enough that your dog doesn't run into any trouble while you are gone, then he probably would have a great time at always unleashed, but if you are unfortunate enough that your dog needs some extra help or care, they do not have the resources, know-how, or respect for the love of your dog, to take the necessary steps to take care of him properly. Any dog owner concerned with the health of their dog while they are away, should avoid this place at all costs.
1	*Update* After owners comments to my initial postSince I wrote this review the owner has been even more disrespectful to me, my wife, and my dog. She has called my wife 5-6 times in one day to try and convince her to get me to take down my review. She called our veterinarian and tried to impersonate my wife (before asking our permission to speak with the vet) to try and find some piece of information that would exonerate her and her establishment in an effort to somehow convince me that she is 100% guilt free in this situation. She says the vet told us that it was a childrens necklace, which is at best an exaggeration of the truth and more likely a blatant lie. The vet told us that it was an elongated piece of plastic. Regardless of what it was or wasn't, she seems to feel that there is 0% chance that  Biscuit ate it while under her care based solely on the fact that her and her staff do not wear childrens necklaces. Let me offer a few situations which could have led to any object arriving at her institution - someone dropped it while dropping of their dog, someone dropped it while taking a tour, or even, a dog threw it up and my dog ate it because in your own words "well, it is really hard to tell because sometimes a dog may vomit and another dog will just eat it, so we won't notice". Just a few options, but not the point of my update. After numerous belligerent phone calls to my wife trying to get me to take down my review, she emailed me, basically the content of her response that she posted after my review, though in an even less professional manner, and called me an ungodly liar for posting it in the first place. This was my response via e-mail to her, posted word for word:"So, just to be clear on your hypothesis of what happened. My dog ate something (I was never told it was a necklace but that is beside the point) before coming to your establishment, that blocked his bowel, and then for the three days that he was there showed no sign of being remotely ill? If I were to watch the three days worth of film (aside from the cherry picked 40 seconds you chose to share with me) I would not see him vomit or have diarhea at all during his stay there? Is that truly what you believe? That you and your establishment are completely without blame or reason for apology and that my dog was 100% healthy for the duration of his stay there? You also feel that a lab not eating all of any meal is no reason to be concerned? To be clear as well, you did not explain that a partial meal got the same marking on your charting as a full meal, that is concerning in and of itself, that should all be documented to watch for irregularities. My dog lost 10 pounds while he was there, while I am not surprised that he remained mildly active while he was sick (he is a young lab puppy), I do not believe that he was only ill after we picked him up, he had to have been vomiting, not eating and had diarhea for a couple days at least in order to lose as much weight as rapidly as he did.I am tired of you trying to convince me that my dog was just fine while he was with you. Biscuit was very sick and still has a long recovery ahead of him. I am tired of the ignorant tone that you have taken with my wife and I. The review that I wrote is a statement of fact combined with my own feelings regarding how Biscuit and my family have been treated by you and your establishment, and I will not be taking it down or editing it, except for perhaps to add how we have been treated since it was posted.Please stop contacting my wife and I, we are just trying to get through this frustrating time and help our dog get better, you constantly badgering us does not help. My dog could have been much worse off had he gone any longer without treatment, and every time I interact with you it makes me even more sick to my stomach that I ever trusted him to you in the first place. Please just leave us alone.Regards,Matt Hatch"Following that she continued to e-mail me and this was my response:"Stop! Do not contact my wife or I any more! Please refer to my previous email requesting you cease and desist communication with my family. I was not previously considering seeking legal action but after today I may change my mind. Please stop contacting us. Let us be. I am not changing my mind or my review about you or your establishment."Please, for the sake of your dog, and for your own sanity. Do not trust this woman with your dog.
1	I have brought my dogs here in the past and I love the concept. However, it seems to be more profit driven than service driven. Both my dogs had a rash when they got home from boarding and one of them was limping. I was not informed of any of these issues when I picked them. I also believe one of my dogs missed her medication because she had two seizures the day I picked them up after a long period without any seizure activity. I took both dogs to the vet and the vet informed me the rash was a result of staying wet with pool water for too long. Still waiting for the results of the blood work which will let me know whether or not meds were given properly. If not, I will have to work to get her seizure medication blood levels corrected. I called and spoke with the owner and was disappointed in the conversation. My goal was to inform her in hopes of preventing this from happening to other dogs. Instead, she had an excuse or rebuttal for everything. She was very polite about it, but would not listen to my concerns and actually interrupted me a couple of times. I listened more than talked. Perhaps she should read the business book "Get to Yes" to understand how to address customer concerns. She claimed no dogs have ever gotten a rash, but one of my dogs got one last time I took them here and I thought it was just coincidence. I also noticed another review with a picture of a dog that had a rash as well. I also told her about my concerns with the meds and she said I didn't give enough meds, when in fact I provided nearly double what my dog would have needed. She then called me back to tell me that the workers informed her my dogs did not play in the water despite the fact that they were clearly wet when I picked them up. They also said they noticed one of my dogs was moving slowly, but nothing major. I had to carry him to the car and spent his time at home before our vet visit carrying him outside to go to the bathroom. I understand things can happen when dogs play and I know that I will have to deal with those consequence. What upset me was that I was trying to help the owner and she made me feel that my concerns were not legitimate. We're talking about precious parts of our lives not something disposable. Some compassion would have been appreciated.
4	I took my 2 Great Pyranees puppies here to play and they had a great time.  I observed them when I came to pick them up and they were having a great time. They played about 6 hours and were nice and tired that night.
5	Our Labradoodle loves going to Always Unleashed! We take him there once a week for playtime and always have him stay there when we go out of town. The facilities are amazing!!! I can not imagine a place being nicer than this. Awesome pool, misters, play area, plenty of shade, fans, toys, etc..... All of the staff we have interacted with are so nice and love Charlie!!!! So happy to have this awesome place so close to our house!
4	I moved from California a few weeks ago. I was looking for a place that would have a person stay overnight with the dogs. This was one of the few that I found.Please understand that the concept is not one for people who want this dogs "boarded". It's more of a retreat for dogs. They get to play, swim, run, and be played with. That comes at a small risk that the dog might over exert him/her self. My dog did over do it the first day he was there. He had a slight limp the next day. I called and they told me that next time they would put a bandana on him to flag as a dog that needs breaks. That was that. My dog loves his new retreat now. They bathe him before I pick him up and he is all set to go. I've had him over a couple of weekends and a few day care days. He just looks forward to playing with his friends.Communication is key, if you have concerns make the staff aware. If you are over sensitive, stay and watch from the open window. If you need to see your dog, they even have web cams! The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because they really should warn people about the small risk. It's not really a risk as much dogs loving the place so much that they may over do it. That's all. I will continue to take my pooch Rex there, he loves it, I trust them, and they accommodate my dogs needs. I'll give them 4 1/2 stars....that's more accurate.
