4	4 bucks, drive thru yourself.. this is fast and super convenient! They also have full service if your interested but I go somewhere else for that. My car looks like a shinny new penny!
4	Good cheap car wash.$4 gets the outside very, very clean (and you just drive yourself on through). Very quick way to clean up.I also use full service if I need the interior cleaned too. This can take awhile depending on how busy they are.Good service, fair prices.
1	This place sucks, not my normal car wash, but was in a hurry and needed to wash my car. They did a horrible job for a $20.00 car wash. And I don't think anyone there spoke English. Everything in the shop was overpriced.  Had been here once before, and I could not remember why it had been so long...now I remember. RIP OFF!
4	Four stars for four reasons: 1. Convenience 2. Price 3. Location 4. Wait time 1. Convenience The Carwasher is conveniently located in the heart of Old Town. I pass by the car wash several times a day and it's always a friendly reminder that I really should keep my car more squeaky clean. So when I do decide to take the plunge, chances are, I'm not too far from The Car Washer. In addition, it's located next to a CVS and coffee shop so if I opt for the more detailed wash, I've got options besides waiting on the rock wall. 2. Price Depending on the wash mood my car is in, I can go with a wash as cheap as $4 or as expensive as $80. The $4 wash is excellent because it's an in and out exterior car was but not your normal run of the mill cheap wash. They do a great job on the exterior and I leave happy on the outside. When I decide to make my interior look just as sparkly clean, they offer detailed car washes for a relatively reasonable price. Since I do interior far and few between, I normally go the middle of the road price range when I do get a car wash, but if I was smart and more frequently, I could get the inside and outside done for around $17. 3. Location Location and convenience go hand in hand but as I mentioned in #1, the location is prime and chances are, people drive by The Car Washer and don't even realize it's there. Like I said, it's in the heart of Old Town and within walking distance of practically everything. 4. Wait time And finally, wait time. They are thorough with their cleaning and they don't skimp on the detailing if you go for the pricier option. However, for the level of work they do and the detail they put into it, they do so in a relatively short amount of time. For a detailed car wash, it's about a 30 minute wait time, but if you go for a cheaper car wash, it's only about 10 minutes.
4	A fabulous job done. My car was sparkling clean, no residue of my highway travels from California noticed anywhere on my vehicle.  *I got the Basic* Plus it was fairly quick process from start to finish.Only downside... pricier than most places UNLESS you get the $4 Drive-Thru (that is a great deal).  Love the shaded seated waiting area, would be perfect for the hot AZ summer. The grounds are very clean and the cashier has some interesting little trinkets to look at while waiting.
5	great job everytime i come here. it's amazing to watch those guys (and girls) descend upon your car to clean it. my little old beater truck comes out smelling and looking like new (minus the busted front bumber, the missing tire flare and the innumerable dents, scratches, bumps and bruises). i can just feel her "smiling" for being so clean and shiny!for a drive-thru, no frills, it's only 4 bucks (but there is no drying or anything fance) and for a simple wash with hand dry and interior cleaning with tire cleaning, about 16 bucks. they'll do a detail job, costing up from there.
3	Now offering free towel dry with #3 or #4 which are $8 and $10. Your simple and mediocre drive thru car wash. At least they aren't trying to sell you on much!
4	If you know anything about me, you know that I love a good car wash.The Carwasher is my car wash of choice. It's close to my house, its relatively cheap (4 bucks for exterior only), and they are efficient as hell.Even after the Haboob, and having a huge line, they are able to quickly process cars faster than "meat" in a hot dog plant. I have a "Monsoon" pass for unlimited washes. $24 bucks for unlimited washes within 60 days. Today, I came in and got the express wax. Protects the car from outside forces, and helps the paint stay so fresh and so clean clean (whatever happened to Outkast?).  As a dude who loves his car, I can't stress the importance of a clean exterior enough.I also had some interior work done today. It was time. Although they don't go to the level of detail that I do (I use q-tips and toothpicks to take out little crumbs and stains), they do a fantastic job, and an efficient job. Soon, it will be time to get the full $199 complete detail. I'm sure at that point, they will use the same level of care, that I would. If anyone from Yelp is reading this, can you set up a deal for an auto detail with these guys? It would help me out big time :) And afterall....I know that you guys at Yelp love me. I'm your favorite Elitist, right? jkIn any case, the Carwasher is my jam. Close to everything. The Coffee Bean, The Palladium, CVS, and even a barbershop. Best place ever.And yes, I wrote a long review on something as simple as a car wash.
4	Really happy with the quality of wash and with the monthly wash prices, wait times are also usually very short
5	I've been going to this carwash for a few years now. It's a bit hard to spot out unless you're looking for it. I was referred by a local since I only work in Scottsdale. Consistently good service, done quickly, and always super affordable. When my girl needs a quick rinse, they have a $4.99 wash/blow dry. A full service wash/vacuum/hand dry is about $15 with all the little extras (i.e. air freshener, tire shine, etc.). Everyone is super friendly as well.
4	A little pricey, but they get the job done!
4	Exactly what I've been looking for in a car wash.  Having recently moved out of Tempe, I was looking for a new car wash to go on a weekly basis.  And after a few bad experiences elsewhere, this will be my new car wash of choice.  - Extremely cheap (especially given the area)- Plenty of different car wash levels- Very quick- Don't look down their noses at you if you get their cheapest wash (sometimes I hate Scottsdale)I need to remember to look into their passes the next time I go in.  I would definitely get enough use out of them.
4	You can't find a better car wash for these incredible prices.  It's always a fast experience and I like how you can drive thru the car wash yourself. I actually look forward to my weekend car washes. Lol
2	Used to be good a few years ago now plan on leaving dirty : (
3	This is the closest car wash to my home.  It's so close as a matter-of-fact, that you'd think I'd go more often.  But alas, I don't go often enough... I go maybe once every few months to get a car wash.  I did go recently, and was shocked to see that the inside area where you go to pay, watch your car go through the outdoor wash area, use the bathroom, and perhaps purchase a snack or drink, was almost completely empty!No more greeting cards, snack / drink selection, etc... When I asked if they were going under renovation, I was told that the owner wasn't doing well financially.  The place was packed when I was there though, so I hope that they can get back on their feet soon.Regardless of the customer experience on the inside and extra amenities, my car came out of the wash looking squeaky clean!  The staff working on it was thorough and nice and didn't pressure too much to get me to upgrade to a more expensive wash.  I was in and out of there within 30 minutes max and my car is oh so clean now.  Thanks The Carwasher and best of luck to you... see you again sooner than later I hope!
2	Used to Be one of the better carwashes now vacuuming is very poor And the attention to detail is gone.  The last two times it was hard to tell if the inside was even cleaned.  I always get the $19.99 wash, and they do not use armor all or do a good job on the inside. The outside looked good.  I have probably been here 50 times over the last 5 years, the last few have been very poor.
4	I always do the most basic $4.99 package. At that price, they do a pretty decent job so I can't complain. My car isn't spot-free when I leave but that's expected. Costco is almost twice the amount and does the same exact job. I like that you can just drive through without getting out of your car so it's quick and easy. They never try to sell you on a higher package or try to fix your windshield which is really nice. If I'm on a time crunch and just want to get rid of the dust and dirt on my car, this is the place to go if I'm in the area.
3	This place is alright if you are looking for a convenient location in old town Scottsdale. The washes are average at best, not much of a waiting area.
1	Poor customer service - A friend in Scottsdale recommended The Carwasher - he said they hand wash his car and do a good job.  When I pulled in and asked to have my car hand washed they told me, "oh, we only do that for certain customers."!  Talk about poor customer service!  How about "I'm sorry we don't offer hand washing".  Won't be back.
4	This place is awesome. I've brought my car here several times and my friends have done the same. They are always very nice and do a great job, none of us have ever had any problems at all. Definitely recommend them for a great carwash!
3	Meh. Not the best car wash ever but certainly not the worst.It's a little tricky to find the entrance if you haven't been there before.I purchased the "best value" $8.99 wash, which was decent enough but there were a lot of water marks left all over my car from not being properly dried.
1	They did an exceptional job.  My car went in completely filthy and came out virtually spotless and shiny.  I was impressed.So, why only one star?They stole all of my change that was in the cup holders.  Granted, there was only probably $5 total but still a very shitty thing to do.  Not coming back.  If you decide to go here, hide yo money.
2	For a $25 car wash I would expect much more! I went on the day before rain and I just wanted the inside of my car cleaned well. So the lack of detail on the outside of my car went overall unnoticed. No tire dressing as promised and dirty rims. When I walked out to get my car, I picked up my mat and shook off debris that were all over my mats. The guy asked me if I would like more vacuum and that they could take my car back. It's very frustrating to waste money on something that wasn't done right. No thanks but I will be sure not to return here.
1	First off everyone knows you don't dry off a car in direct sun. This place has no covered area to finish wash/dryThey do not use air guns or even attempt to dry out door wells so you're guaranteed to have water spots dripping from every crevice.Danny's charges $5 extra for hand wash, this place wants $35 to hand wash. Lastly for my $20 wash they did not dress my tires.  So either they forgot or don't do it - either scenario is crappy.  No excuses as I was the only car there, which may have been a harbinger of the poor car wash I got.
4	Four stars for The Carwasher if for nothing else, convenience. The $4.99 special to run your car through without having to wait on any waxing, hand drying, etc. is a great bargain and comes in handy when you're in need of a quick rinse.This is nothing close to a high-end auto spa, and you'll notice that the second you walk into the waiting room. It's in need of a serious makeover in there, but this place gets the job done and I've never driven away unsatisfied.
2	I love the $4.99 exterior deal they have for an express wash. I am totally bummed out because their customer service/ rain policy is the real issue for this place. I got my car washed here on Sunday at around 2pm. At 4:30 it decided to down pour (out of nowhere). Feeling like I just wasted money, I called and asked if they had a rain policy. They said they only have a rain redo for those who spend on the interior and exterior wash. No offense but a customer is a customer and I would rather spend my money elsewhere that has a GOOD rain policy regardless if I spend $3 or $30. I definitely am on the lookout for a more reliable carwash.
2	This place is not good. I paid over 15 bucks and got a really pathetic wash. The inside job was laughable. Understand I didn't get a full detail job but there was still visible dust on the dashboard. Seems like they just took a dirty rag and quickly wiped down.The main thing that really rubbed me the wrong way was that when I handed the attendant the tip he counted it in front of me. That's like a server counting a tip while standing at your table. Rude.
5	Great all around car wash. $5 a wash and free vacuums for your interior? Awesome. Love the vintage/retro feel of it too. My favorite car wash I've ever been to.
