4	This is a freshly renovated apartment complex.  There is a pool, free wi-fi, great prices and an awesome move in special going on right now!  I don't work for the Wellington but of all the apartments we looked at in the area, this was by far the best.There are the usual issues with apartments such as noise, things not quite right, etc but the staff at the Wellington is always willing to help with a smile.
2	UPDATE- I can no longer in good conscience recommend this place.  While the living area is nice and the staff friendly and helpful to the extent they are empowered, the property management does not honor verbal agreements made by their agents.  We had an agreement to move addressing certain financial issues only to find that the property management company changed the deal on the day the papers were to be signed at an increased upfront cost of $2600.00.  Despite many attempts to compromise with the manager, they refuse to even budge slightly, choosing instead to claim the onsite staff has no authority to bind the management group.When our lease is up we will be moving, and I can no longer recommend this complex to anyone.
2	Not a fan of the new management company. Ever since old employess left the new management just does not seem to care. The gym was a selling feature and now its been under construction for months and will be downsized. Things are always broken in the complex such as the gates and the walls are paper thin so you hear everything your neighbours are saying and doing. Management never follws through on requests. Great location but overpriced for what you get. Search for an appartment elsewhere.
1	This is the worst apartment community in Las Vegas, i would give them a zero score if possible. since i moved in the police have been here 4-5 times. the swat team surrounded the building to catch someone that was barricaded inside.the staff could not be nicer before you move in, but look out afterwards, if you need anything or report illegal activity on property they treat you like a fool. this is worse than a trailer park. the manager is a liar. do not believe a word they say. there is illegal activity rampant all hours of the day & night. they do not enforce the law or there own rules. This place is a dump. Do not be fooled by prior posts from employees. This is the worst apartment community in the country. This place is worse then a trailer park. Please do not rent here you will regret it for the rest of your life. READ THE OTHER REVIEWS, NOT THE REVIEWS FROM THE WELLINGTON EMPLOYEES THAT LIVE ON PROPERTY. UPDATE-ON AUGUST 3, 2013 AT 5PM THE SWAT TEAM SURROUNDED BUILDING 15 AND LAUNCHED A PERCUSSION GRENADE INTO AN APARTMENT, THE BLAST WAS HEARD UP TO A MILE AWAY. THE SWAT TEAM ENTERED THE APARTMENT AND EXTRACTED A WANTED FUGITIVE. THIS IS THE WORST APARTMENT COMMUNITY IN VEGAS******PLEASE BEWARE OF THE WELLINGTON APARTMENTS.The Wellington Crime Report UPDATE, ON AUGUST 9th Metro Police were called to investigate a series of car break-ins on property. This is the 2nd time in a week that the Swat team and Metro were dispatched to The Wellington Apt.
1	Management does not work with you AT ALL and they ONLY care about making money off of you. I'm paying for a six month lease that I signed, I'm four months in and I haven't been in Las Vegas for the past two months. This was due to obligations that came up with family in New York. I'm currently unemployed and they refuse to work with me, charged me a lot of fees and the only options they give me is paying more over a longer period of time. They won't even attempt to rent it out without charging me fees. Definitely one of the worst experiences I've had with a property management group. They will be changing management groups next week, but keeping the same management staff so obviously nothing will change. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE reconsider not signing a lease here, you'll end up regretting it if you do and there are tons of other well rated properties in the area! Take my word for it.
2	My husband and I have lived here for almost 3 years. We are dealing with our fourth management company since we signed our lease. We moved to this particular complex because we thought it would be safe and quiet. We have not had any problems with safety and for the most part, it is quiet apart from a few domestic disturbances now and then. I'm giving the complex a low rating due to an incident I had with a staff member. It was highly inappropriate. I'm not sure if the management company was not vetting their staff or it was out of their control. In any case, I hope the current management company is more responsible in their hiring practices considering the staff members come into people's homes. We are moving soon and I would not recommend anyone to live here. There is too much turnover of management companies and staff.
1	I moved in a hurry and signed a 6 month lease I picked this place because they were so much less deposit then the rest of the places I had been to. I moved in and signed a pet lease in the lease it says at any time the can revoke it. Not thinking that would happen unless my dogs attack or become a problem in some way. I lived in the building next to the office. I have a lab mix witch is what the vet put on the paper work that the management got also they got a photo of her before moving in. Two months in to the lease they call me and say I need to bring her to the office so they can look at her.( mind you I don't have vet vision and I don't eye ball dogs and know exactly what they are to go against my vet) so I bring her up one of the women in the offices says she's a pit because of the white patch on her chest. So a week goes by I let the same women know I found a temporary home for her tell my lease is out she says fine like no big deal. Then I start getting 10 day notice 5 day notice every time I leave my house there's a new notice finally I get one from there lawyer. I'm thinking the problem was solved when I found a home for my k-9 family member witch they allowed. So the paper work from the lawyer stated I needed to get rid of my 4 lbs Pom too. Witch to me was them going above and beyond. They were no longer human beings and realized the dog they evicted was 50% there fault. Then I get a 24 hour notice the day after my grandmother passes by this time I had talked to three different people in the office. Every time I called they said I had to deal with someone else. They held my rent from the month before. Moniqe is unprofessional, inhuman, and has no idea how to make management choices that are good for everyone. She spoke to me like I was a child and expected me to be calm after being treated with such disrespect. They are sorry as human beings and I think they set it up from the begging for me to get a eviction. They treated me like crap evicted me my daughter and my dogs in 24 hours. Even there lawyer said there all over the place. I'm going to try and take them to court. Moniqe should lose her job and be forced on the streets. Repulsed.
4	I've read all the negative reviews here, so now it's my turn. And no, I don't work for them, or have any association with them whatsoever. I've lived here for eight years and have never had a single problem. There have been a few bumps in the road in terms of changing management companies; that is true. And the place was prettier when they had grass in all the common areas. I wasn't thrilled when they started allowing pets -- not because I don't love dogs, but because some people who were apparently raised in barns think it's ok to not clean up after their pets. That said, the new mgmt company seems to be on top of things. The pool is amazing, and they heat it year 'round. If they stopped doing that, I'd be supremely disappointed... It's a huge perk that sets the place apart. I've never had ONE issue with noise or bad neighbors. The shopping nearby is amazing, and getting better. When my air conditioning went out in June, they had it fixed in an hour. I'm not invalidating other people's less-than-great experiences. I'm just sharing my own, as a long-time resident.
