5	Wow.  First time here and it was incredible. Excellent grandma pie and rice balls.  The cannolis were incredible.  I'd say "just like a good pizzeria" in NY but this was better.  Food prepared in view and really fresh.   I would definitely recommend and go back.
5	I like grimaldi's ; but now I also like Carmine's. I'm very fussy with good crust. This pie was excellent!
2	Not impressed. Tried them for the first time ordering takeout. Quick delivery, but the pizza and garlic knots were not cooked completely. Raw dough was not very appetizing.  I called the manager to let them know, he offered to give me credit, but a better solution would have been to cook another pizza and deliver it again.  Not sure if we'll order from them again.
5	I purchased their Groupon last week.  Overall, I was very impressed with these guys.  The pizza was very good, and we got a small order of wings too.  The wings were large drumsticks, which were excellent.  I will be giving these guys another shot.  Their groupon worked!
5	Legit pizza for a very reasonable price. Quick delivery is a major plus as well.
5	I grew up in NY and moved here 17 years ago.  Carmine's is the BEST NY pizza place in the valley.  A lot of restaurants claim to make NY pizza, but they don't have anyone making the pizza that is actually from New York.  The owner/chef is from good old NY and he knows his stuff.  When I call to place an order, I can order "a pie" and they know what I'm talking about.  The pizza is amazing, with crust to die for, and the cannolis are oustanding!  Whenever I go back home to visit, my first stop is the hometown pizzeria because I miss it so much.  Now, I can skip the pizzeria in NY, because I have Carmine's in AZ.
4	Such a great little pizza place.  The prices are TOTALLY family friendly and the staff was helpful and friendly.  I ordered the veggie calzone and only paid $6.00! It totally could feed two! Their slices are cheap really good! Tasted like authentic NYC pizza! Kid friendly too! We're TOTALLY going back!
5	Darn good pie! We got the groupon deal for an appetizer and a three topping pie. Man, am I glad we did! The toppings are high quality, the crust is the perfect consistency, and generally the pie is just great. We got an order of garlic knots as our appetizer. They were fun, even if they were a bit over oiled and garlicky. Absolutely delicious! We will definitely be coming back here! Oh yeah, did I mention that they deliver for free within five miles?
4	Compared to the other Gilbert places that I reviewed thus far, the pizza at Carmine's isn't much better, maybe 3.5 stars, but they get extra points for free delivery. I'm guessing that sometime over the summer, I won't have the will to leave my pool, and pizza delivery from Carmine's will be my best option to soak up alcohol. Carmine's also stands out as the only place that serves great breadsticks (garlic sticks). I would never order a side of carbs to go with my carbs, but the garlic oil slick from their garlic sticks is irresistible. The oil slick also helps with the downfall of their pizza- a massive ring of crust! We're talking bigger than an Olive Garden breadstick. That's why you should always order their garlic sticks or knots. The excess garlic oil makes a great dipping sauce.For the margherita, I wasn't that impressed with their toppings. It was too tomatoe-y, not enough basil. The garlic tasted a bit off. Neither my husband or I could tell if it was fresh or jarred. Camine's is great with their other toppings though. I was so impressed with their giant sun dried tomatoes and yummy artichoke hearts. My coworkers were all raving about the meatballs, and based on the menu description (beef, veal, and pork), I can understand why. Another nice feature is the cornmeal on the bottom of the crust. It adds a nice crunch. Cheese and sauce were average.Tip for the owners: Stay open later! You have a captive audience of hungry hospital workers next door dying for something other than Domino's or grody cafeteria food.
1	Worst pizza I've had in a long time. It reminded my wife and I of pizza that you buy at a skating rink. I'm extremely surprised at the good reviews.
5	Garlic knots are to die for.  Good pizza too.  Sausage tasted homemade.
4	Great pizza, super fast delivery, and great prices!!! We changed the veggie pizza yummy.
1	Ok I'm very surprised by the reviews on here. I'm not one to want to write negative  reviews but our food was so bad I couldnt help myself. Maybe this place was having an off night tonight but their pizza barely had any cheese on it and the crust was soggy. Unfortunately the pizza was better than the wings that were overly breaded and soggy as well. Thank God we had a groupon and didn't have to pay full price. Won't be ordering from here again. Disappointing :(
4	Good pizza, good wings, and good prices. Can't understand why anybody in Gilbert would order from Pizz Hut, Little Ceasers, or Domino's over a place like this. It's no Pizzeria Bianco or anything, but it's still pretty tasty.
1	Yuck:(  We ordered their pizza since it is NYE and we just got home from a long trip and have no food in the house.  It took a long time for delivery and the pizza wings and mozz sticks were all cold.  The pizza looked as though it was sitting out for a long time.  I will not be ordering their pizza again.  Hungry Howies is way better!
5	I thought the pizza and garlic knots were really good and would rather come here than to a regular chain pizza place. I would recommend this to anybody. They have good prices too.
4	Great pizza that's not too pricey. Small place but worth it. The garlic knots were very yummy. I would get them again...and again....and again! The pizza we ordered was very delish. The crust was much better than crusts from places like Pizza Hut, Dominos or Little Cesar's. The location is easily missed, but of you're craving pizza I would suggest giving this place a try.
4	If I'm going to order a pizza I'd prefer Carmines, but they are really hard to get ahold of sometimes.  It seems like every time we go to order they don't answer or this last month they were on vacation...now there phone is disconnected....I don't know what's going on over there, but there pizza is better then most delivery.
4	I bought a groupon for this place so we decided to try it.   First impression it is a little shop but seemed clean.   Went to the counter where a you man was sitting on a stool and placed our order of garlic knots and lg pizza w basil, mushrooms and spinach.    The garlic  knots came out with piles of garlic and butter pouring over and a marinara dipping sauce.   They were quite tasty but did need a little salt.     Not being a soda drinker u was pleased to see the offered gold peak iced tea rather than the nasty Lipton fountain iced tea however there was no sweeteners offered.  The pizza is a good size with an enjoyable thin yet still crispy crust.   The cheese to sauce ratio was a perfect match.  I appreciate that the tables are set with not just the typical salt, pepper, red peppers, and parmesan, but oregano and garlic powder is also available should you want to kick up your slice.      The only down fall I noticed was two part.   For one when it comes to working in a restaurant, there is Always something to be done and the young ms. Sitting at the register does not leave a good impression.      Part two is instead of sitting around the ladies bathroom was in a desperate need of cleaning.   The light switch was gross, dried urine on the toilet seat and the sink hasn't been cleaned in at least a week.
