4	What, it's not cool to review a hospital?  Ok, I'll make it short.   As a recent transplant from Kaiser in Woodland Hills, Calif (where I was very pleased with the hospital and care)....well this is a big step above.  I don't want to go back, but I would go here if I had a need.  And I'd ask for Barbara in intensive care!!!
5	Best staff in the world in the EPS lab.  Thank you!!Boswell has a long history of being the best hospital in the West Valley.  When Banner took over I was concerned but that proved to be worthless worry since the people are really what makes Boswell great and it looks like Banner has not tampered much with a successful formula other than adding their banner (no pun intended) which looks like a chicken.  Seriously, just add the legs to their logo and you have a chicken.
3	Eh. ER nurses are hit or miss on friendliness.
4	On April 24th my Dad had an unscheduled quintuple bypass. His surgeon was amazing and he was always in great hands with amazing care. He was in the hospital for just five days and for the most part his care & the staff was exceptional. There were a few instances, mainly when he was scheduled to leave this past Saturday that made this review a 4 instead of a solid 5.What I really didn't care for was learning about the fact that after spending two days in the ICU and three days in recovery, my Dad never once got a bath of any type. There is no excuse for this and it's completely unacceptable!
4	Boswell Hospital is in Sun City - major geriatric center so you know the staff is used to working with hard of hearing and slow moving patients.   I have to say that the staff across all disciplines/professions that we interacted with were exceptionally friendly and professional.  They made my 90 year old fathers stay (pre and post bowel surgery) comfortable and very upbeat.  The surgeon, Dr Goodman was very matter of fact and took time to answer our many questions on each of his patient check ins with my dad.   Would recommend this hospital to anyone in need.  This is our 3rd encounter with a Banner hospital.  Top notch across the board.  And it's very telling that so many of the employees have been at Boswell 5+ years!   So much better than encounters at Abrazo facility - West Valley Hospital which was horrible.   Even the cafeteria at Boswell was great and very reasonable.
1	Horrible! My girlfriend came in for gall bladder surgery. While they were inserting the breathing tube they cut her throat. Sent her home the same day and within less then 24 hours her throat was now infected, swollen, almost shut and Her neck was now twice the normal size. They also managed to blow out both arm veins from the IV. Since we then had to go back to emergency so they could fix the mistake they created, they now can't get a new IV in either arm. Very disappointed and now upset. Check out hospitals before u need one.
5	The staff is just unbelievably compassionate. My mom has been staying here for three days so far, hoping she gets discharged today. Rose who is in charge of EVS literally came in just now and wanted to make sure my mom was being treated right and everything. Made my mom cry and everything. What a wonderful employee. Aaron from the ER sounds like Aiden from SATC, lol but really good RN, very patient.
4	I went to the ER to visit a family member. We had to wait about 10 minutes to get in. Other than that, the hospital seemed clean, and staff seemed competent from what I saw.
