5	they are new and already great. cherry cobbler!
5	Try the AMAZING mini cheese cakes!!!....Crumbles are really good as well!
4	Had to make a quick little stop here and check out the new bakery that just opened.  Ooooh mini blueberry, cherry and apple crumble pies, brownies, fudge, Viennese Fingers with cappuccino flavored filling, and Eggnog cheesecake cupcakes?? Just a few of the tempting desserts offered here!  It's on my list to try next visit since I had already picked up some cookies, peppermint fudge, the chocolate surprise crispy things and the Millionaire Bar. (hey..it is my cheat day!) So far so good! The little Chocolate Surprise crispy things are my fave so far. They were like shaved chocolate melded with rice crispies with marshmallow bits mixed in..kind of reminds me of Rocky Road bars and the price was right at  75 cents a piece.  The Millionaire bars are a bargain as well. They were described as Twix bars and they did remind me of them except these were made from scratch with shortbread, caramel and the creamy condensed milk filling. I took mine home and warmed it up a tad so it was ooey gooey goodness.  Service was friendly and we were greeted cheerfully. The shop is a cozy little place with three display cases full of different pastries, mini crumble pies, cupcakes and cookies. All made on premises. So you know you get them fresh baked out of the oven! There are only just two bistro tables set up where you can sit and have your sweet treats though. They serve coffee and they are open early also.  It's located in the strip mall along Horizon Ridge just below Lindo...so it's the perfect stop if you're the busy bee like me coming and going everywhere. Gotta make note to get the crumble pies and that Eggnog Cheesecake cupcakes next!
5	Great new bakery in the neighborhood. Have stoped in several times in the last month, (soooo?) and have found that they bake new goodies to try evrtime. But I do have my favorites! Stop in! You'll be very happy you did once you try the cookies and cheesecakes, empanandas, breads and goodies familiar to persons that hail from the UK!
3	Selection walking in was limted. The cookies are okay but nothing to return back for.
3	I have been trying as many new bakeries as possible recently trying to find my new favorite spot.  I had Crumbles bookmarked and was finally in the area.  I came in on a Saturday afternoon, there was only one other customer in the store and she was at the register area and had already gotten her items.  The counter person told me let me know if you have any questions and finished up with the other customer.  I looked around while I was waiting.  Another customer came in and was looking also, when the counter woman was done she took him first, even though I was obviously there before him ,since there were only one other customer when I came in.  This is a big pet peeve of mine, especially when you aren't busy and can easily tell who is next.  I didn't say anything cause I wasn't in a hurry and it's not that big of a deal.  Of course the man in front got the last of two of the things I wanted.  That happens when you go to a bakery in the afternoon, but the fact that I was first was a little frustrating.  Then when the man checked out, she told the lady who had been waiting there since I walked in "do you mind if i help him first?"  I don't know what that lady was waiting for but found it amusing that again she was taking this guy before us.  Then I wait for her to help the man, then checkout the lady who had been there the longest, then listen to her have a conversation with the lady, then go in the back to tell another person about her conversation with the lady....seriously.  Finally it was my turn.  I got a blueberry roll and a guava cheese empanada.  Both were ok.  Not amazing but not bad either.  The woman who helped me was very nice once she got to me.  It just took forever.  The decor is pretty non existent.  A couple tables and chairs, that is about it.  I don't mind that so much.  It is more about the food for me.  The owner is British.  I would love to see some sticky toffee pudding, sausage rolls or even scones.  I don't know of any British bakeries in Las Vegas.  I'm sure if she had some more typically British items it would be a hit.
3	After shopping at another shop down the street I decided to pop into Crumbles for a sweet treat on a recent weekday afternoon around 4:30. I found the available selection rather limited, but assume this was due to the timing of my visit.An employee came from the back after just a minute or two to help me. I decided to try a raspberry vanilla mini cheesecake. I do not recall the extra price, but it was under $3 with tax. The same size as a cupcake, it was so rich and decadent. I regretted my decision to not buy a beverage. As good as it was, it really isn't something I see myself wanting often. Overall I wasn't blown away, and am not in a huge hurry to get back to Crumbles but would stop in again I was I the area.
4	Looking back, I should have tried the namesake crumble pies! Instead, I sampled one of the mini cheesecakes (carmel chocolate chip), and the little one had a shortbread cookie and a thumbprint cookie. The cheesecake was really really good, and at $2.40 (I think), priced lower than most cupcakes in town.The cookies were good, but nothing spectacular, and not very large. Minus points for kinda high prices on those (not sure, but my total was over $5). Plus points back for being a locally owned bakery.I liked it, and might return if in the area, but Freed's is still the best place in town for cookies.
3	I passed by this place twice before I finally got a chance to try it out. The place it clean and the woman working the counter is friendly. I assume she is of British descent. My 6 year old son was charmed and as we walked out, he said he'd like her to be his Grandmother (uh oh, Gigi, you have competition!)Both times we have visited Crumbles, we've been in the mood for cookies. At under $2 for a HUGE cookie, we tried the peanut butter, chocolate chip, and oatmeal banana cookies. If you like soft, chewy morsels straight from the baking Gods, you will enjoy these! Normal sized cookies are 65 cents a pop. We will definitely be back to try other delightful goodies.
1	Came in to this place after driving around looking for a bakery for my daughter's bday cake. We wanted to do something a little more special and tastier than supermarket quality. We instructed the cake decorator who happened to be coming in that we liked something fun, unique, fondant Hawaiian theme cake. It turned out looking like your average 2 tier grocery store cake except the taste at the grocery store is much better. The cake was so dry, it "crumbled." Sad and dissapointing for bakery quality:(...butwe enjoyed our celebration regardless:)
5	Great local bakery. Reasonable prices and delicious baked goods. The service is fantastic and friendly unlike Layers where the prices are high and the service is awful. Would definitely recommend. The millionaire bars are to die for!
5	So delicious! The whoopie pies are amazing. Millionaire bar is to die for. Haven't had anything bad yet. Definitely plan on buying some for the family when they come to visit. Delicious delicious delicious.
5	Thank God for small local businesses!  I was originally going the pick up some baked goods from the bread company across the street and decided to come here instead.  So glad that I did!  The owner, Moira, helped me and was extremely courteous.  I tried the crumble cinnamon muffin, the lemon shortbread, the apricot ginger crumb cake,  the coconut almond crescent cookies, and an oatmeal cookie! Also bought English Muffins (raisin) but haven't tried them yet.  Needless to say, I have a sweet tooth but with a discerning pallet.  All of it was absolutely delicious and so was the coffee.  Love that these items were reasonably priced as well unique compared to other local bakeries.  I even bought some pumpkin dog treats for my puppy.  We'll have to see how she likes them.  :)
5	I go here in the mornings once a week and grab a cup of their awesome coffee and if there are any left, a cinnamon role. Everything here is so fresh, and the owner(s) are great to talk to and are very friendly. I recommend the apple strudel if you haven't tried it yet, and any of the fresh muffins they have in the morning. Great neighborhood bakery!
1	I ordered a vanilla cake with berries to serve on Easter.  The cake looked worse than a single layer fruit cake from any local grocery store and cost $43.  I was embarrassed to serve the cake but thought I'd refrain from writing a review until we tasted it.  The cake tasted equally as bad as it looked.  The cake itself was dense and dry.  The fruit had a thick glaze on it that was horrible.  I can't review any of their other baked goods and will never be returning.  The cake was over priced, looked and tasted terrible.
5	Their Viennese cookies are delectable, and the Millionaire's Shortbread was to die for. Totally worth the drive. I hope they get more business and stick around!
4	Came upon this spot a few days ago! Good selection and good products! I didn't get to try the millionaire bars that people have been raving about but I'll make that a priority on my next visit!
1	THEY ARE CLOSED FOR BUSINESS!!! I had an errand to run and looked up "Bakery" on Yelp and this was the closest one. I arrive, check-in, walk over and lo and behold the place is closed. I was upset. Why would it still show up on my lit or map.. I wasted 10 mins trying to get in the parking lot just to be in shock there are chains and a lock on the door. Maybe they didn't pay their rent?? DO NOT DRIVE HERE..
