2	I wanted to check out the Caesars Palace skating rink since I saw an advertisement on a truck a couple weeks ago. My amazement was not hearing about it and it seems that although people may know about it, no one seems to have visited (no Yelp activity). That was peculiar. It's located in the Roman Plaza between Serendipity 3 and The Absinthe tent. The best access would be to use their main valet, since it's very close. If you use self parking, just walk through the casino toward the main registration/front desk.Anyway, it's obvious why it isn't popular. First, they charge admission of $11 ($10 for Total Rewards members). Compared to The Cosmopolitan's no entrance fee for their popular Ice Rink at Boulevard Pool, not so good. Plus, it's for just 30 minutes and skates are an additional $5 to rent (to put it in perspective, it's $15 for an all-day skate rental at The Cosmopolitan or $10 for locals). Second, the rink is much smaller; although I do not skate, space is more desirable in many situations. Third, there are no fire pits to roast marshmallows!! Fourth, although almost literally on the Strip, you can't see much of it from the rink or seating area. Your view is just Caesars Palace.Now, if you are an inexperienced skater, they actually have trained skaters on site to assist! That could be an incentive for people that are looking to actually skate, but aren't very good at it. Not sure what could be accomplished in 30 minutes, but since they're not busy, you will most likely get one-on-one time.
4	It seems they have made a big improvement from the previous year. The ice rink is located beside the serendipity restaurant and it's real ice, not that fake plastic stuff the other casinos use. The price was 2 for $25 for locals at the time I went, and that was good for up to 6 hours. There's also professional skaters there that help you out if you're a beginner. I think it's definitely worth checking out. Even if you don't know how to ice skate.
4	Went here on 12/23 at 2pm. Not terribly crowded. Kind of pricey if you are not a local or staying at the hotel. However, sign up for their Total Rewards and you get 2 for $25. Great deal. They had enough skate sizes to choose from. FYI, sizes run big. The rink is a fair size but I can she it being a problem if it gets too crowded. There are decent number of seats, tables, and couches to sit on. We only lasted a little over an hour. But the kids had fun. I prob wouldn't go at night, cuz I can see it getting hectic then.
