4	My son started coming here when he was 18 months old and he's now 4.  We haven't been going to the classes consistently.  There's always a break for the summer  . . . overall, we like this place.The most important thing to consider is that my son always have fun here.  The instructors are nice and patient with the kids.Some of my other friends wouldn't agree with me regarding the kindness and patience of the instructors . . . but I stand by my own experience here with my son and we have had only good experiences.Well, now there's the option with going to North Valley Gymnastics.  I just don't know, I'll have to give this some thought and figure it out once summer is over.Regardless, Arizona Sunrays is a great place to bring your kids.  I also love their Parents Night Out and $5 Sunday open gym!
5	Just took my 2 yr old daughter this morning for her very first dance class. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating (bringing out tap shoes for us to try since it was our first visit) and my daughter had a blast!  We're both excited to go back next week. ;)
4	My daughters went here for yet another trial class - Tumbling and pre-k gymnastics.   The facility had a cramped waiting area but free wi-fi (yay!).  My daughter's beginning tumbling class were co-ed and had mostly pre-teen/teen girls which my daughter was not normally used to. Nevertheless, she had fun being taught and challenged.  I did not have a chance to meet her tumbling instructor, but I did meet the pre-k instructor.
4	I have taken my now 15 month old son to both the dance and gym which are free for him. It seems he already like the gym better and so we stuck with that for now, maybe in a few months we try dance again. Ms Caroline is very fun and tries to really interact with the children to get their groove on.Jumping Genie (?) is the gymnastic instructor and makes it fast paced. It took some adjustment for my boy to get used to, but he seemed to like it better last time, so we keep moving. The only thing I wonder if they sanitize all the toys after each session, especially during flu season as they were just left there and not separated out.
4	We us AZ Sunrays for Gymnastics and Dance...and I couldn't be happier!My daughter is constantly asking when we are going again!Staff - friendly and want to teach their technique.Facility - cleanClasses - engaging for the kids!
5	Whether your child is a toddler, preschooler, or recreational or competitive school age gymnast, Arizona Sunrays delivers. Pretty much everyone I know from Scottsdale to Cave Creek to Phoenix comes here. I talk to people in their 30s that basically grew up in this gym from very early childhood.I'm surprised there aren't more reviews, considering the mob scene this place is on weeknights! Sunrays has been around forever, and is a family owned business. There are recreational gymnastics classes that fit every child - starting at the complete beginner level. If your child is a good fit for competitive gymnastics, there are opportunities to move into that "track" from the recreational side. My kids started coming here for baby/toddler classes around age 1 or so, and continue until this day (age 6 and 9). I think they start as young as 6 months of age. On any given night, there are competitive high school gymnasts working out at the same time as younger kids in the recreational classes. It's a large facility that accommodates gymnasts at every level.Arizona Sunrays is a serious gymnastics organization, so the coaches will hold the kids accountable for behavior from an early age. It's part of the discipline of the sport and of "athletes to be". This is not Gymboree or The Little Gym. So, if you are seeking more of a "playgroup" or casual class, you'll find Sunrays classes to be more structured than that. Sunrays coaches promote the learning of healthy social skills, listening, and self control. They also have classes for boys. The waiting area is busy on most days, and there is Wifi (although I think their router is set to limit connections, because I can only get on when there are fewer people there). Arizona Sunrays is as much of the fabric of the North Phoenix community as any business I can think of!
2	Is this place still open? Their website has been down all week, and no one is returning my messages. We wanted to sign our child up after hearing such good things.
5	I signed my kids up for the Super Camp at AZ Sunrays for one week this summer. The kids have had an absolute blast. The instructors greet them warmly when we arrive each morning. I have been thoroughly impressed by their level of organization. The instructors make sure I sign both kids in and out (even when I forget!) The facility is clean. The kids are engaged from the minute they walk in the door. The camp is a little pricey when paying for two kids but well worth it. As much fun as my children had for the week, I will definitely be looking into classes throughout the year.Additionally, the level of customer service I have received has been above and beyond. I had an emergency come up while my children were at camp and when I called to let the office folks know I would be a few minutes late (as it turned out, I couldn't get back to pick them up until the end of the afternoon program) they were so kind and accommodating and made my children feel loved and well taken care of until I could get back to collect them. If my kids had to be stranded somewhere this would definitely be their first choice of where to get stuck!
5	Thank you crew for being an amazingly talented and gifted group of thoughtful and experienced gymnasts.  Esther loves her gymnastics classes and collectively your organization has assisted in the development of my four year olds' talent for the sport. Teacher Kim and staff thank you!  And thank you for finding a gym in Ventura County for us!
5	This is an awesome place for Summer Camp/Birthday Parties. No need to second guess on that.My son went to the camp last year, as well as currently attending. Everyone here has a great positive energy, the kids enjoy a lot as well. They have Karate, Yoga, Swimming, Dance and ofcourse Gymnastics for the kids.
1	Very unaccomodating and expensive!  If your kids cannot make it to camp one day of the week, they will not allow a makeup day and the price stays the same.  They charge a "late fee" if you want to come the same day, and don't seem to care whether they turn away new clients or customers because they are more interested in money.  Gold Metal Gymnastics in Chandler, although a bit further, is a better option.  They are friendly, kind, and know that with children and our lives, things don't always work out exactly as we want.  Save your money and go to another camp that cares about families and kids, and not about nickel and diming you.
