3	Hurray! Finally something to replace Starbuck's when it closed this location some time last year. I went in around 7:30am today and it was sadly pretty slow in there.  There was also some kind of problem where they could only take cash not credit cards (sounded temporary though).  Nice people.  Clean, easy to read menu; kind of looks like a scaled back Starbucks.  I hope this place makes it as it'll be nice to have a neighborhood coffee place again.Also for you Fry's shoppers, this is a franchise location, so they don't take your Fry's card for a discount or points or whatever; they only honor those at corporate locations (inside of Fry's).  Just a heads up there....
5	Tully's Coffee is the BEST!  A very comfortable neighborhood spot to grab a cup of coffee and fresh pastry.  An incredibly warm and friendly staff!
4	I'm not much of a coffee drinker but I tend to visit coffee shops often for tea. Tullys had a great variety of teas. They had 5 different kinds of green tea alone. It had great flavor. One complaint is that I ordered it iced and it was so hot that the ice melted within minutes which watered it down. At starbucks they shake the tea in a shaker to cool it off. I might just have to ask them to do that next time.
5	A Tully's is what it is. The same everywhere. The difference at this location is the young lady who is there at 7:00 am. She is great!
4	Good location in the AJ's center.  It's Starbucks-esque, with a couple comfy chairs and a few tables, plus plenty of outside seating by a relaxing fountain.  I had a grande caffe mocha with sugar free chocolate syrup.  After walking out I realized I didn't ask for nonfat.  I decided to go back and see if they could rectify the situation...the barista gladly remade my drink free of charge, let me taste the difference (in the end they were the same), and let me keep both.  I'll be back to try their teas!
4	This place is just like a Starbucks. But better. No crappy XM station. Nice comfortable vibe. Not douchy or pretentious.I've been coming in and getting a tall iced Americano (no room for cream) and it is made to perfection. The service is great. My barista smiles, and is prompt.I will gladly purchase my regular morning coffee here. Maybe this place is the reason why I can't sleep!
2	Second time around, I decided on a grande iced Americano.  I felt bad because the barista was the only one working, and a line quickly formed with hurried business people.  I had to wait longer than I'd prefer at 8 am on a Friday morning.  Seriously, shouldn't there be more employees during peak hours?  The Americano itself was filled with too much ice, and even after I doctored it up with some cream and Splenda, it tasted overwhelmingly bitter.  I added more cream when I got to the office, but the bitterness was still there in full-force.  I understand that espresso turns bitter within a few minutes, but I've ordered Americanos before and they usually don't taste THAT bitter.  I much prefer AJ's iced Americano over Tully's; not only does it taste better, but it's cheaper per ounce.  And there are multiple people working so you don't have to wait as long.  I'm sorry Tully's, I guess I'll just stick to the sugar free iced mocha.
4	CLOSED - This was a nice comfortable place with good coffee, and I wish they had succeeded.Closed shop this past Wednesday (7/27) and the signage was down the next day - the fastest anything has ever happened in the Phoenix area... ever.
