5	I stopped eating red meat for a while.  Decided to get a burger because I was starving and it sounded good at the time (cause I was drunk!).  Lo and behold, Fatburger carry's Trukey Burgers!  YEAH!  Had 3 over a three day period.  Loved it!!!!
4	Fatburger. So good. After a long day of golf in 118 degree weather @ Angel Park, this place hit the spot.  Gotta get the fatburger with cheese, add bacon and egg. Man that egg makes the sandwich.  Pair it with a side of fries and wash all that grease down with a thick, ice cold milkshake.
4	this place is great-it doesn't matter where it's located in a food court or a stand-alone shop. they are always consistent. every thing is made to order. and the burgers always leave you wanting more. i lived across the street from in & out burger for 3 years-they are good but-fatburger is #1. always good service, fast & friendly staff, place is always clean & the decor is traditional burger stand. love it!!!i would recommend fatburger to everyone-even if you don't like burgers-
3	The first time I tried a Fatburger back home in Washington State I about keeled over in disgust. Relish on a burger? No way!!! It is beyond gross. I am glad I gave this chain another try knowing to order without the relish. The folks at this joint are super friendly and I loved that everything is made to order. I had a large burger and I swear it took me a good half hour to get a good portion of it down. MMMMhhh yeah FATBURGER!!!
4	OK I get that if you eat too many Fatburgers, you will get fat. But at least, you'll be fat and happy.  I've recently re-discovered how good this burger can be. My relatives go to this Texas Station Casino now and then and try to beat the gambling odds and Gods. But after gambling if they have money left, they get something to eat and replenish all those calories expended cussing out the machines.  On this trip, they bought me a large Fatburger.  Yum, I hadn't had a fat juicy, delicious, warm Fatburger in awhile.  What a treat.There was a little more mayo than I like, and the lettuce and tomato along with the onions and relish made for messy eating.  But the best part was the seared, fresh juicy hamburger patty. The bun was fresh and didn't fall apart. Overall this burger can hold its own against any burger joint in this town.
2	This location may be too busy to get some real service.  The last couple of times I've gone my orders have been messed up.  They have two kinds of fries, but even if you ask for fat ones your getting skinny.  Don't bother asking for condiments when ordering because they are not going to be there when you get your food.  Maybe it's just too busy for them to get it right.
2	The food was satisfactory, but definitely NOT worth the price. I had to wait forever, and it wasn't that busy at the time, either. The service could have been a lot better.
1	I'm still disappointed in this server. My friend ordered us some burgers and mine is always a cheese burger with mustard only. He came back to the table and we chit chatted for a bit and I looked at the receipt and it said a cheese burger with everything but mustard. I told my friend and he went back up to catch them before they made the burger and right away before he opened his mouth she said "We are already cooking the burgers so you can't change your order", he said ok I was just wanting to tell you that the burger is suppose to be a cheeseburger with mustard only and it's wrong on the ticket. This server had the nerve to tell him that he was lying and didn't tell her that. Wow I couldn't believe it when he told me. If it were me she wouldn't have said it again that is for sure. What in the world has happened to customer care and satisfaction? It was such a simple thing that all she had to say was I'm sorry for the mix up and it will be no problem. I really don't think she should be waiting on customers.Rudeness is not tolerated by this customer and they have lost 2 good customers.PS: I have her name but I don't think I need to mention that as I'm sure anyone that frequents there knows who I am talking about.
4	Service was friendly and fast, especially for being fairly busy and only having one person start the cooking and take the orders. I guess the other person was on break? Fat Burger is just as good in AZ and Cali as it is in Nevada. I order the veggie burger meal, my daughter a medium burger meal and my boyfriend the large burger meal. It came out to $31, and it was worth every bite. To save money next time we'll share soda's and save about $2 per drink since it's bottomless. :). Also if you wanted to save on time, call in the order. Remember Hidden Valley Ranch packet isn't free BUT sometime if you wait till the end and smile while asking nicely, you just might get it for free. :)
3	People seem to hate on Fatburger especially when in comparison to In-N-Out.  I love both !!  I know that Fatbuger is a bit more pricey, but I'm a fan.February 2, 2011Intended on playing Bingo.  I arrived late and ended up eating Fatburger and gambling.  Ordered:Skinny Fries (Well-Done)Fat Burger (no onions and relish)PROS:* convenient location located inside casino near movie theaters* clean eating area* they got my order right!  * Unsweetened Green Tea and Black Tea!*Chili fries and you can add an egg to your burger!CONS:* Wouldn't accept my BOGO coupon. Cashier didn't know how to enter it.TIPS:* Skinny fries taste incredible Well Done and extra Crispy !This place would have gotten a 4 star if my coupon was accepted.  The only reason he didn't accept it was because he didn't know how to enter into the system.  I figured call a manager and off I go, but I guess that didn't cross his mind.  It's all good.  I still have the coupon and will use it next time I go to a Fatburger.  This is your typical Fast Food burger joint.  Just a bit more pricey.  Super Good though. I recommend you try Fatburger if you haven't already done so.
3	Not the first fat burger that I have had and will not be the last. Good burger better fries. One thing I will say there was only two girls working and they were a little busey and those two did a good job getting food out.
1	Would have gave it a 3 star for a typical world burger chain restaurant, if it was not for the horrible service. We were walking down the main strip of Las Vegas Blvd. My friend Steve wanted to eat at Denny's, I said Hell no. Let go somewhere it's happening. Well we came up to Fat Burgers, right off the main drag. It was not to busy. I was not to hungry, but I ordered anyway. Here what I ordered, a large chocolate shake with whip cream on top, which it was really good. My sister ordered to Fry's, which it tasted like Burger King Fry's. It was not to bad. She also ordered the strawberry shake. She liked it. I drank the rest of it. My friend Steve ordered the chili, he said it was ok. Now to the service. We were #62, 63,64,65,66 and 67 were all waited on before we got our food. I sat and watch and stared at this guy making our shake. He took his sweet Ass time. I never in my life seen a human being take so long to make 2 simple shakes. Our waiter was horrid. I think litteredly  think he was stone. I had to ask him where is our food? He said"ah i don't know". We finally got our food 45 minutes later. Remember this is a popular burger joint, the burgers and food are prepped. They suppose to cook the burgers quickly. BAD BAD BAD SERVICE for a renowned burger joint, we should have gone to DENNY's, at least we would have got better service. Hope to God the CEO of FAT BURGERS reads this YELP!
1	DO NOT COME HERE ! Unless you want to get taken for a fool.Its been a couple days since we went there and I am STILL pissed.  Food is great, a carb overload but very satisfying! Customer service... cashier... manager...  THEY DONT GAVE A DAM what you want... only what they can up sale you!  I went here and ordered a large combo with fries and a coke... for about 12 bucks... What I ended up paying was almost 18 bucks.No I didn't notice how much until after I sat down and actually looked at my receipt ... yes dumb on my part but I was a little distracted with my drinking...  Any who I go up to the cashier and tell him that what I was charged was NOT what I ordered... This was before meal was prepared so I was sure it wouldn't be hard to correct... the cashier looked me right in the face and said I know that is not what you ordered but its better!So the cashier  calls the manager over and HE tells me that he would not give me a refund that I was be happy with what I ordered. I argued that I didn't want double patty, too much food, just give me my money back ill go else where and he would not budge. He kept saying the burgers are so good that I would be grateful with the extra large meal, shake  ( it was good but I didn't need to mix shake with BEER gross plus I didn't order it). Needless to say I didn't want to start a scene since the MANAGER was the one telling the cashiers to pretty much rob us blind and I was drinking.. I just wanted to throw my pennies at that man and tell him he needed change more then I did... NEVER GOING BACK... Food however was great :(
