5	Conestoga Mall is the local mall in Waterloo.  I think it's the best large indoor mall in Waterloo, probably because it is the only large indoor mall in Waterloo.  There is a lot of parking available for the size of the mall.  Shopping opportunities abound with the vast array of shops available, including Old Navy, The Gap, The Bay, Zellers and Zehrs (yes, there is a supermarket in the mall), among many others.  There is an excellent food court with an eclectic mix of restaurants including A&W, Spring Rolls and Tim Hortons.  I have found that there is something for everyone!
4	Yep, it's a mall, but being from The States and seeing an entirely new variety of stores, how could I not be a fan? There are many international favorites, such as Gap and Old Navy. I even noticed a Victoria's Secret finally made its way up to Canada, although I still prefer to have a browse around La Senza when I visit. Other stores new to the American eye: - Bluenotes - Garage - Gizmo's - Jacob - Roots - Sirens - The Bay... and many more that I didn't have time to explore. I was also pleasantly surprised by the food court's diverse options, and that the food actually looked good! In The States, our selection includes soft pretzels, a McDonalds, three Chinese stands, and a Sbarro (reheated pizza). I ate at New York Fries http://www.yelp.com/biz/new-york-fries-waterloo#hrid:bR3To-CoFVXXXgUaXkwDEQ/src:self and had some decent poutine. There were also Greek, Indian, and health food restaurants!But wait, there's more! Conestoga Mall also has a Zellers and Zehrs: a grocery story in the mall! It's a vast store too. My friend and I picked up everything she needed for her cookout after coming to the mall for her hair appointment. Great stuff, Conestoga!
3	Out of the few different malls I visited while in the Waterloo area, this was probably one of the better ones. They had a nice selection at the food court and had all the essential shops. For high-end retail you should probably visit downtown Toronto.
4	This mall is probably the best you can get in Waterloo Region in terms of ambience and selection. Oh, and it even has an Apple store!Good transit connections as well from UW, Laurier, and well...most of the Waterloo core since the very frequent routes 7 and 200 both serve there. You can even do your grocery shopping inside as there's a Zehrs Market connected to the mall.The food court has the usual selections, though the addition of a Spring Rolls To Go and a Tandori makes it slightly more unique than others. Love the open concept of it by the way.The washrooms are very environmentally friendly as they encourage you to use the reusable towels they offer by the sinks. No need to use paper towels, no need to worry about bacteria from the dryers.I rarely rate malls a 5 as I believe malls are a hindrance to good urban development, but at least this mall incorporates environmental concepts to it.
4	Definately the nicest mall in K-W with a good selection of stores and a decent food court. You'll find groceries, Target, Apple, many fashion and electronics options here.
4	For Waterloo 4 stars. If this was in Toronto I would give it 3. Good selection of stores including an apple store. Spring rolls is here too which is always a nice option for lunch or dinner. Target here is alright..also have a Zehrs.
