5	I hate dentists.  I love the staff here.  That's enough for 5 stars right there.  But I'll elaborate a little.  The gal at the desk (Melissa or Michelle or something like it- ugh, i'm sorry) is also the manager and very friendly, even when I arrived for my first appointment a couple of minutes late.  The same goes for the hygienist.  Dr. Cambell is the dentist, and he's great.  All three of them were super friendly, cracked jokes, and didn't lecture me about not having been to the dentist in mumble-mumble years.  Then after my appointment when I mentioned wanting some cosmetic work done, all three of them labored to find a provider who accepted my insurance and would fit my needs.  Love it!
5	Thanks Yelp! I've been to 3 different dentists in this town and so far this place is my favorite. I like that it's a small operation (one dentist), and the staff is actually friendly and easy to deal with. My appointment started on time, they cleaned my teeth in a gentle and thorough manner, and the office is very nice.
5	My hygienist is Jen and I love her!  I had a root canal performed on Friday and can't say enough good things about Dr Campbell. I am a big baby when it comes to dental work, but he tried to make me as comfortable as possible.
5	I absolutely love Collin. He is an amazing dentist & a genuinely awesome person. He isn't out to rip you off; he is extremely real with you about what needs to be done & what can wait. If you are in need of the best dentist in Vegas, look no further! LOVE HIM!!!!
5	I am very picky when it comes to finding a dentist and trust me I have went to a couple different dentist in the Las Vegas Valley and walked out due to what I have seen. This place is the best place I have ever been too. I love the staff who is all remarkable and knows what they are doing. The feel like they are a family and want to make sure everything is okay. I truly do love this dentist and will be coming only here, that for sure. Dr. Campbell is a great dentist and made everything go as soon as possible. I will for sure be recommending this practice to everyone I know. It's hard to find a good quality dentist around Las Vegas being that there is so many. They truly don't try to rip you off or say you need all these other things that you don't. Truly love the staff here they are amazing!
5	I haven't been to a dentist in years it's because I am terrified of dentist ever since I was little. I was doing research on finding the best dentist for weeks then I found Dr. Campbell. He's very nice and gentle. The staffs here are also very professional and friendly. I'm so glad I found this place. Today I'm getting my last cavity fill. I'm going to miss this place and the people here. But I'll be back for my cleaning! :]
