3	I usually go through the drive-thru here... and after walking inside, you'd probably be better off going through the drive-thru as well. It's really old and dated inside and they have a really large dining area. I found out that they sell ice cream cakes here which is kind of cool. They've got some in a freezer that you can just pick up inside and there was also a sign that said you could special order ice cream cakes as well...good to know.I don't go here often, and I'm not super huge on their food - but it's quite nice to treat yourself to some ice cream once in awhile!
1	Ok so me and my son went, and some long haired Indian fool gave me a bunch of attitude about using The bathroom, We had just finished some yard work and Wanted to wash up before we ordered but the kid made a Big deal out of ordering first. Never again.
1	We went here on a lunch break one day just to get dessert.  Little did we know that after ordering a malt and a shake, we would wait in the drive through for literally 15 minutes.  About 5 minutes into it, we started looking for escape routes.  Just as I was about to back up a bit and sneak around, another car boxed us in.  Its not like they had a huge line either.  That 15 minutes was spent second in line.  They didn't get anyone through.  I cannot speak to the quality of their particular chocolate desserts since we just peaced out.  We ran out of time waiting for them.  Next time we'll go to smashburger just down the road.
3	Sometimes a soft serve strawberry sundae is just the ticket.  I've been pretty good about this, in the 6 years I have lived looking at this location across the street I have only succumbed to the temptation a handful of times.  This time I noticed the interior had been remodeled.
3	Joined their email club and right away got a coupon for $3 off on an ice cream cake. I've been to this location many times, but not recently. We stopped in and found a log cake that looked really good. They have a freezer with a variety of flavors, sizes and prices. It was hard to choose they all looked delicious! The log cake was $14.99, and the manager was nice enough to honor our coupon even though it was for a round cake.
3	Joined their email club and right away got a coupon for $3 off on an ice cream cake. I've been to this location many times, but not recently. We stopped in and found a log cake that looked really good. They have a freezer with a variety of flavors, sizes and prices. It was hard to choose. They all looked delicious! The log cake was $14.99, and the manager was nice enough to honor our coupon even though it was for a round cake.Will be back for ice cream when the weather warms up.
1	The orders are expensive for drive-through, and sometimes the lines are wayyy too long. This place needs a health inspector, both myself and two others (a friend and my mother) have gotten sick-- violent stomach pains--from this place's food. After about a year we decided to try it once more, and while nobody got sick this time around, their "containers" were open ended and all the food was stuffed into a bag which resulted in everything getting spilled. Consequently, I will never be going there again. I should have learned my lesson with the stomach pain incident, but places like this should be given a chance. They failed that chance.
