5	I had an amazing massage by Shawn. He took care of me in my hotel suite on the Strip through his outcall and arrived on time. Great communicating with him in advance, etc. Pro all the way.He's a guy's guy. No fluff. Attentive, no pretenses, calm, and professional. The table and his linens were quality stuff. The massage was great. I had 90 and 120 minute sessions. 60 never really does it for me. Comfortable in his own skin and experienced at massage. He let me be as comfortable as I wanted. He was clear this was about me. He's very relaxed but focused on making me feel alright. The deep tissue work was really helpful. Couple of times I dozed off. He was that good.No hangups about working with a guy. He has strong hands when needed. I felt amazing during and after. Yep, so good the first time, I had him back twice during my long stay in Vegas on business (and a relaxation day or two).  You know he's well trained and knows how to massage. So when I come back to Vegas, I'll make sure to schedule with him again.
5	In a nutshell, Shawn really provides amazing body work and my massage this week was one of the best I have ever had! I live out of state and due to auto accidents and an active career working on horseback I have relied on massage for years to help with the back pain I suffer from. I was enjoying a brief vacation and the uncomfortable flight really aggravated my body. I arranged a 90 minute massage as soon as I checked into my hotel, feeling rather desperate.I was calmed by the ease of booking and the large table he provided was quite comfortable! His strength really made the difference as I ask for a firm touch, and he was able to tune into exactly where I had the most tension. Really saved my trip! I will be calling for another massage next time I am in LV just to enjoy the experience, the rest of my trip was pain-free and I wish I could use Shawn for all my bodywork here in California. Very polite and professional, no impersonal spa massage here, I felt fantastic afterwards.
5	Shawn is a genius with his hands.  After the long drive from San Diego I was achy and didn't want to pay the fluffed up spa prices... Matter of fact I didn't even want to leave my room.  I found Shawn on Yelp! Called him up and within 2 hours he was in my hotel room with a variety of scented oils to chose from.  I had a lovely 2 hour massage and felt comfortable from beginning to end.  I actually had him come back for another 2 hours before I left Vegas.  What can I say, I love my massages.  He's convenient, he's affordable, respectful and talented.  I recommend him.  Wholeheartedly and I'm trying to figure out how to get him down to San Diego!
5	Came back to Vegas on business and came back to Shawn.Like a pro, he's cool, chill, on-time, and ready to work.Felt I was in good hands with Shawn, totally relaxed, and I think I dozed off too (sorry). But the massage experience was amazing and grateful he came to my room at the Four Seasons atop Mandalay Bay. He's a very cool guy with no pretention or Vegas glitz. Professional, straight-up, and damn good hands!No way am I paying the prices at the Four Seasons for massage. Shawn is...Superbly priced.Highly recommend Shawn!
5	This is a long overdue review for Shawn who is an amazing one of a kind treat for a tired body. Shawn has provided me several massage sessions this year and they were all memorable and effective. I feel good and relaxed for days later. He is easy to set up, shows up on time and brings along everything needed for the session. He is a pleasure to talk to and experienced in  his techniques and knows the right amount of pressure needed. The massage comes out balanced and evenly worked thru out the body. His thorough massage  lowers my BP and helps me eliminate toxins afterwards as I pee a lot  after he moves all the fluids around my muscles. Wish I could have Shawn weekly to work his magic on  me.
5	Great massage. Strong hands and very professional!! Way better than traveling to a spa!
5	Shawn is amazing! I love being able to be in the comfort of my own home when I get my massages and can relax afterwards. Plus Shawn is very professional and always available when you need him. I recommend all my friends to him :)
5	This is an update for Shawn, who has been providing me with great massages for the last 2 years. Shawn remains reliable, consistent with his experienced techniques and comes prepared to provide a great session. He is focused on his massage, has the energy and strength  to do a great job and I feel great  for days after, ....everytime!  As I have been seeing him regularly, I even purchased my own table and set up, so he can do what he does best.
