5	Matt Muralt came through for me in a huge way!  My fiancee is a much more dangerous driver now because she keeps on checking on her ring while driving, but likelihood of accidents increasing aside, he made a perfect, intricate, beautiful custom ring and I hope to bring him tons more business over the years.  The whole process was great, and Matt is a wonderful person to work with as well, getting us involved as much as possible in the process, making molds and getting as much input from us as possible.
5	Matt was recommended to us by a friend who had her beautiful wedding ring designed here. If you want a piece of jewelry that is unique, durable, and will become a family heirloom, this is the place to go. Matt designed an exquisite wedding/engagement ring for us blows all those chain stores out of the water. I have been showing off my ring for months now and no one has anything like it! I'm so happy my husband and I got to be a part of the design process.
4	Matt Muralt is an artist and a custom jeweler.  We asked him to make a sapphire and silver replica of a beloved piece of costume jewelry and the ring turned out elegantly beautiful.  After a difference of opinion on the stone and some design nuances, the finished product is striking and unique. He worked graciously with us to accommodate our differences and deftly made all the changes we requested.  Matt has also made outstanding repairs for us and one of our favorite pieces is a white gold and ruby necklace made by Muralt.   He, in his own words, "likes to keep the ladies happy".  He does it well and we are definitely having another custom ring made by Muralt's Custom Jewelers and Gallery on Main St, in Mesa.
5	My fiance needed a custom engagement ring. Matt was willing to be an artist and see his vision through! My ring is custom designed and really fits my personality. It's rare to find not only a jeweler but an artist who can take a very unique, out-there vision and bring it to life so beautifully!!!!! Thanks, Matt!!! But that wasn't all. We went to Matt for our wedding bands too, which were equally "out there" in concept. Matt delivered once again, working with us on every detail to make sure our rings would not only be beautiful but also functional and long-lasting. We went back and fourth with Matt and he guided our vision into something that was practical. In the end, we were happy with his recommendations and the end results were stunning. He is truely an artist and his prices are very fair for the quality we got.
5	I wanted to spruce up a family ring that is very special to me. I first visited Matt's shop because I wanted a jeweler with design experience,  and I loved all I saw on his website. From the moment we started talking about my ideas,  I felt comfortable he would bring my vision to life. Matt made sure we were on the same page every step of the way. I walked out that day with options and estimates. I brought it back in to get the work done, and it was ready right when he said it would be. The results not only fulfill my vision, but it also shines with Matt's artistry. If you are looking for a stunning piece that is unique and timeless, go to Muralt's.
