4	Great little place, got a cheap bottle of Indian ink here for half the price i was quoted in town. Got a very nice  ID fan brush here too, which until now I thought could only be picked up online. The owner welcomed me into the shop and gave me a quick rundown about the different types of canvas. Nice touch.Definitely worth the walk!
4	Even though the name was, for me, slightly off putting I quite like this little store. It's got the arts and crafts supplies that other bigger chains seem to lack, and the fact that the owner is obviously passionate about what he is doing shows clearly throughout the store and the quality of the service.Prices are good considering the quality of the stock, and would definitely head here again when I am low on supplies.
4	I came into this quaint shop in Marchmont expecting to find a nice, little old lady selling Pritt Stick, glitter and stuff.  Instead it's got proper artist's materials ranging from high quality paint brushes to some of the best ink and paint you can buy in all kinds of vibrant colours.  The interesting owner also has great advice on making papier mache, which is always great fun no matter what age you are.This place also gears itself towards children's parties and workshops which is actually a pretty good idea and tops an over-the-hill clown anyday.  I wasn't really into arts and crafts before I came here, but this is definitely the place to look for inspiration.
5	The Imagination Workshop? With a name like that, what's not to like? It's as cute as a button and sells top quality art materials without being overpowering like some other art stores. I love art but I'm not as good as I would like to be and often find some art stores a little bit stuffy and if you're not all over Klimt like a rash you don't fit in. The Imagination Workshop is a little bit different as it's inviting to all no matter what your age is or your artistic ability, it's what art should be; fun.The colourful shop is very inviting and they have some children's artwork dotted about which makes art family orientated and encourages all ages to try out something which is what I really like about The Imagination Workshop.I spent a good wee while looking at the excellent selection of gift wrap but it almost looked too nice to use just to get ripped off in 2 seconds flat. They also have good quality pens, paper and little art sets too. Excellent.
4	This colourful shop on Marchmont road is for the arts and crafts crowd, or as they claim "everyone" who has it in them to create something fantastic! This isn't mocking enthusiasm, as they do offer classes and even holiday workshops.The shop itself is crammed with all sorts of paints and materials, and on one wall you can see what looks like the result of a large childrens' party; paper after paper of adorable childish scribbles! They seem to throw childrens' parties often, and it's definitely a great way of keeping them occupied.Apart from very useful information, it's also possible to shop online on their website for craft kits, paints and the like. It all seems aimed at children, but I'd still recommend it as a good place to stock up on crafty thingymajigs.
