3	It's only a Circle-K. And I'm only Daniel. S reviewing it from how I experience it. I am reviewing the Warm Springs Road at Stephanie Street Circle-K from how I experienced it driving to adventures and running errands.  This Circle-K is convenient to eastbound motorists on Warm Springs Road and northbound motorists on Stephanie Street. As I write this review, it is the only gas station on the south side of Warm Springs Road from Eastern Avenue to Boulder Highway and on the east side of Stephanie Street from Horizon Ridge Parkway to Russell Road.   When I fuel up at gas stations I want space. I don't like gas stations that are compact where the chances of getting into a fender bender are high. When I pull into this Circle-K, I appreciate that there are at least four fuel pump islands with sufficient room for the vehicles.   When I fuel up I like fueling my thirst as I fuel up the car. Circle-K is thirst central. Their 79 cent 44 ounce fountain drinks including syrup flavoring is a good deal that I often take advantage of. For the record, the beverage is never flat. If I am driving directly to a park, I'll pick up a couple of their bottled waters. On the subject of beverages, they have a beverage cave selling cold beer.  Finally, when I fuel up I want to spend those few minutes of my life at a business that is clean, upbeat,  and provides the perception of safety. The convenience store is clean with bright lights. The common "Out of Order" sign on the ATM machine looks kind of shabby. Now, the graffiti carved into the gas pumps looks far more shabby. Owing to the fact that it is usually busy, it is safety in numbers.  The only dangerous thing that I see is turning onto northbound Stephanie Street against a blind spot from the shrubs.  If your driving northbound on Stephanie Street or eastbound on Warm Springs Road in the vicinity of Sunset Station, Circle-K is a good choice. I never had any problems with their fuel. Their fuel prices are competitive. And their 79 cents 44 ounce drinks is a refreshing treat for fueling up your vehicle. Happy motoring!
5	At circle k, my favorite gas station, cheap soda redbox and cheap gas. Clean gas station, clean bathroom.
1	Have the new iPhone 6 with tap n pay? Don't use it here. A gentleman who works here says they are not allowed. Nonsense.
