4	I've been here a few times now and I must say that I get the best and quickest service in town during a busy lunch hour. They have lunch sized portions at a good price. The wait is less than 10 minutes during lunch. We had a taco salad and a enchilada style burrito. Cost was less than $15.00 for the meal with water as drink of choice. Thursdays after 2pm until 4ish they have a 1/2 price special on some of their menu items. My only negative is that the place could feel a little cleaner.
4	the food here is excellent, the best mexican food in coolidge by far. i have been to Casa Palomino numerous times and it  was great every time. the service was also very good.
4	I was referred here by a friend, and I was NOT disappointed. We ordered five different entrees, and each was FANTASTIC. The prices were average, and the service was acceptable (which is why I only give Casa Palomino four stars). I will be eating here again.
4	What a nice hidden treasure in Coolidge.  From the street, you might pass it if you were not looking for it.  But, in the end you will be glad you stopped.  Service was good but could be better - but the food - ah yes, the food.  Excellent.  Fresh.  Delicious.  And, they brew their own fresh iced tea - I prefer it a bit stronger, but it was refreshing, cold, and delicious.  Salsa is fresh and is mild.  Mmmmm - I will be back!  Portions are huge!
5	This place was fantastic! The portions are huge and delicious. They can add Green Chilies to anything and do so happily. Great service and worth a visit if you are driving through.
2	Food was really good! Service was awful! It's a seat yourself kind of place. The guy that came in behind us got his meal before we got our chips & salsa... He had a different waitress.
4	Visiting Florence for Country Thunder and found this little old Mexican restaurant. Our waitress was very friendly and the food is delicious!! Big portions too. Carne Asada burrito and shredded beef taco were great! Salsa is really good too! If you're craving good Mexican food and want to sit to eat visit this place!!
4	Visiting Florence for Country Thunder and found this little old Mexican restaurant. Our waitress was very friendly and the food is delicious!! Big portions too. Carne Asada burrito and shredded beef taco were great! Salsa is really good too! If you're craving good Mexican food and want to sit to eat visit this place!!
2	We went here on a Wednesday evening to have dinner with some friends for a birthday.  I was told that they have "the best food in town".  You have to remember that this town is very small and riddled with fast food and a few chain restaurants, so there is not much in the way of competition.  I was also told that they serve "authentic Mexican" food.  I had the ground beef chimichanga which comes with beans and rice, sour cream and guacamole.  My wife had the Carne Asada which came with beans and rice and tortillas.  The chimi that I had was very good.  Perfectly cooked and seasoned.  The Carne Asada, on the other hand, was something other than good.  It had a very weird flavor that I could not pinpoint and was very tough.  We also ordered the cheese sauce on the side to use as a dip with the chips and salsa (the salsa was very good and had just the right amount of heat).  The cheese sauce was, to put it plainly, gross.  It tasted like it had mustard in it, a very tangy and almost vinegar-like after taste.  It was just plain nasty.  The service was extremely slow and refills were hard to come by.  The place itself was dirty, stained ceiling tiles and stains on the walls, the restrooms are in need of an extreme makeover and I am not sure if the air conditioning was off or just set really high, but when you are sweating just sitting there and it is 113 out, something is wrong.  I just don't think that we will go back.  Oh, I almost forgot, we ordered a side of pickled jalapenos to eat with our dinner.  They were very dry and almost tasteless and no heat what so ever, they could have been pickled green peppers for all I know.  BTW no alcohol at all.  Not a deal breaker but I thought you might want to know!
4	What a surprise! Found this place on Yelp and it turned out to have a great breakfast menu. Had the chorizo, cheese and roasted green chili omelette served with beans and a tortilla. It was excellent. My husband had the traditional huevos rancheros - also very good. Place was very clean including bathroom and the server was absolutely great - very friendly and gracious. Would definitely recommend to eat here when coming out to see Casa Grande National Monument - it's just down the street from ruins.
5	Amazing what a splash of paint will do. No matter what the walls used to look like the food is always amazing here and the partial remodel looks great. The Pollo Palomino entree is to die for. Family owned real deal Mexican food in a town with not much else to offer. Well worth the trip out from anywhere in the area. We come here all the time and feel right at home every single time. Do yourself a favor and check it out!
