3	I went  recently to accompany a family member who had an urgent medical need on a Sunday that wasn't quite serious enough for the emergency room but needed attention before Monday.  Our wait was between one hour and 90 mins to see a doctor, which is better than wait times at an emergency room! The facility and waiting areas were nice and clean.  You can enjoy coffee, tea, or bottled water while you wait.  However, one thing that they should do to streamline the process is to give out the medical questionnaire forms as soon as you check in with the front desk. Instead, they put your name on a list, directed you to sit down, and after waiting for  a while, they would call you back up to the front and give you all of the forms to fill out, which I thought was inefficient. Still, the overall experience was much more convenient than going to a big hospital.  Also, they have locations throughout the area so you can go to a facility close to home.   Also, they now have a website where you can check wait times at the various locations before you go.
1	Woah long waits!!
4	After trying to "play doctor" for a nasty sinus infection, I finally gave in and went to Urgent Care. I arrived a little after 1:00 pm and they were pretty busy; but since I've been there before check in was fast, and the staff very friendly and apologetic for the wait time. I waited about 40 minutes before being seen, but they had quoted an hour and a half so I was happy. I saw Dr. Baker and she was fantastic! She listened to all my symptoms, didn't rush talking to me and explained my options for medications. I actually enjoyed talking with her; and after making sure I was comfortable with everything she sent my prescription over to the pharmacy and I was out the door. One final note, both Dr. Baker and the receptionist checking me out said "I hope you feel better soon". For me, it's the small things like this that will keep me recommending this location and praising their service!
5	I felt like crap earlier this morning when I woke up at 0430 with a cough that wouldn't quit. My wife gave me some Nyquil but also told me that I had to go to the urgent care. Damn I thought. .. That's almost as bad as going to the emergency room.  So I went to trusty Yelp for advice and look and behold my favorite (closest) urgent care got 2.5 stars. I read the reviews and I understand that people get frustrated by long waits. I used to get frustrated as well but going to the post office during the year cures one of that pretty quickly. But I digress. .. again... So I am number 17. I am next to go back to a room. Check in was painless. Paperwork was minimal. They are using laminated number cards to show one's place in line and I can see the used number basket. I am wearing a surgical mask as is another gentleman sitting near me. Are we doctors in disguise or infectious in some way? I don't know and on some level that bothers me but not as much as this cough.Well I've been through the prelims and I'm back in a patient waiting room. It's very clean. The nice nurse wished me a Merry Christmas and got my vitals.  Now its time to wait for the doctor. Ten minutes later I was on my way to the pharmacy!
