5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  We've been there three times and I love it more each time.  Fresh, healthy food made in-store. They offer you a choice of chips or a piece of fruit (usually an orange or a banana) with your sandwich/salad or soup.  They have wraps, flatbread sandwiches and real sandwiches.  I've had their Thai Chicken wrap (chicken, wontons, carrots, sesame seeds, romaine, thai peanut dressing on a white tortilla) and their Salsa Sunrise wrap for breakfast (eggs, ham, bacon, pepper jack, salsa on a white tortilla).  Let me tell you, their salsa is SPICY!  Whew!!  Both were absolutely delicious!  The breakfast wrap I particularly enjoyed because the ingredients were fresh and you can choose from the junior size (only $1.99!!) or the regular size ($3.99).  The junior size and a smoothie is just right for the a.m. for me.  The smoothies are made with turbinado instead of sugar, or they will make them with Splenda if you ask.  I personally have tried the Blimey Limey (strawberries, pineapple, orange and lime), the Blue Lagoon (blueberries, strawberries & banana), the Sunny Day (mango, banana, orange & kiwi), and the Sunrise Sunset (strawberries, pineapple, mango & orange).  They were all wonderful, but the Sunny Day was my favorite, not too tart or too sweet.  My husband swears by their coffee smoothies, and he loves the Cinn CIty (cinnamon, coffee, cappuccino & non-fat yogurt) the best.  They have a wide variety of supplements to add to your smoothie, and I noticed there is not a lot of aftertaste (like there is at other smoothie stores) when used in their smoothies.  Will continue to patronize this little shop because we LOVE it!
3	Stop by every now and then to grab a smoothie. They are very good. I'm a big smoothie fan. Also like their wraps and sandwiches. Best smoothie the acai smoothie.
5	I LOVE the fact that they will substitute sugar for splenda!  Great prices, friendly and speedy service and delicious Smoothies!
4	We've come here several times and their smoothies are great!  Haven't tried their food yet, however.  The prices of their smoothies are very reasonable and their taste is comparable to Smoothie King or Jamba.  Check it out if u r in the area!
5	Tropical Smoothie Cafe has great smoothies...go with the Jetty Punch!  Had the food for the first time today and the buffalo chicken toasted wrap was excellent.  In my opinion, this is the best smoothie place around, including the two better known places.  Head in before 8:00 AM for a discount on smoothies.
4	The smoothies are delicious and the sandwiches, wraps, and flatbreads are flavorful! As I've mentioned in other reviews, I am a creature of habit...so I usually get the Blimey Limey which is sooooo yummy!  On a recent visit, I stepped out of the box and ordered a Sunrise Sunset smoothie (of course I added LIME!) and it is now my new go-to smoothie.  The Hummus Veggie wrap is super tasty, however I'll be asking for more hummus next time! Make sure you stop by! It's the perfect way to enjoy a healthy meal and a cool smoothie on a hot Arizona summer day!
5	YUMMY is the perfect word to describe this place!! Alana is always so nice and has great customer service!! So many selections to choose from and the prices are not bad at all. Just suck it up cuz the smoothies are a wonderful relief, especially during the summer time when its soo hot out! This is my go to place for any time of the day!!
4	Just about saved my lifeSo I got the norovirus and was having problems keeping anything down.  No jello or bullion or ginger ale would stay inside for more than a few minutes. Dehydrated and cramping, my wife bought me a Mango Magic from Tropical Smoothie Cafe with the thought that the cold and natural juices would help.  I nursed on the smoothie for the next five hours.  It stayed down and I started to emerge from the throes of what felt like a certain painful, wasting death.  After losing about eight pounds in two days, I had two Mango Magics a day the next two days as I recovered fluids and electrolytes.Kidding aside, the smoothies are tasty and don't have the artificial flavoring taste that other places do.  I'm grateful we found them and will stick with them for an occasional meal or snack.
5	Can't get enough of this place! Great healthy food
5	Gave them a try the other day when driving by and wanting a smoothie. Tried the Rockin Raspberry. Thought it was very good and a reasonable price. I also tried a flat bread at another visit. It was okay. If I wanted a smoothie and didn't want to stop somewhere else to eat, but didn't find the flatbread worth going there just for that. The smoothies are great though and a bread price.
5	Ok.  I am hooked on this place.  First I was like WHAT?  Eat at a smoothie place.  They serve FOOD?  The flatbreads looked so good.  I ordered the chicken pesto flatbread.  The flatbread is soft and grilled to be slight crispy at the edges.  And chicken, parmesan cheese, and pesto was super flavorful.  I had to get it again the next week.  he he he...  I got the Hawaiian Breeze smoothie the first time.  SO GOOD.  I had to try other flavors... This time I got the Kiwi Quencher smoothie.  YUM.  Keep in mind the smoothies are lowfat!
5	I love this place. I always get the strawberry beach but the food is very good as well. I highly recommend this place and hope it stays there and continues to prosper
4	This place is nice. Its not too expensive and they carry lots of variety.  I used the 15% off yelp offer and paid $8for 2 smoothies. I ordered the berry oat and hated the splenda taste. They promptly and happily made me a different one and I loved it. I only order that one now. Its the health nut-but I sub out the protein for yougart.
2	The only reason I keep going back here is because my kid is addicted to the smoothies.  The kitchen is not very clean and just looks gross. All of the food is microwaved pretty much so it isn't that good.  But it is a pretty cheap reward for my kids after her therapy on Friday's so that's ok. They do have a lot of specials on food and smoothies which is nice.
4	You can order your smoothie the way you want it. You dont just have to order whats on the menu! Its like a Smoothie Starbucks!
2	Jerk salad is small and not good. Maybe try a wrap? I am sure this place is best for wraps and smoothies not salads.
5	The girl behind the counter was very nice with a bubbly personality. I enjoyed the recommendation of the mocha madness and on top of that, you can have veggie chicken if you prefer. Looks like I'll be stopping by here again. A warm reception is always welcomed and appreciated. This is what makes you come back for more. The drinks are a bit on the sweet side. The island green states it has lots of green's but it wasn't like a normal kale shake. Had some zest and flavor. An interesting mix. The other drink, Mocha Madness was a nice blend of coffee and chocolate. A bit on the icy side. And in all this is a place to check out again.
5	I am obsessed with the smoothies at Tropical Smoothie Cafe. The first times at Tropical Smoothie, I would always get the Sunrise Smoothie and today I had the blue lagoon. The blue lagoon consist of blue berries and bananas I know it had a little more butn I can't exactly remember.
5	Smoothies we chose were great and we got a lot for 5 bucks each, place is nice and quiet and sitting out front is relaxing!
3	Service was friendly, and the place clean. Prices are bit on the high side. I had a smoothe that was large, and good. I also ordered a wrap with chips that was disappointing. It was the size of, and tasted like a hot pocket. Go for a smoothe, but eat elsewhere.
5	Every smoothie I have tried here is one of the best I have ever had! Only thing I would change would be to add supplements to the drinks free of charge. Also, I don't think they have wheatgrass... :[ The sandwiches and flatbreads are yummy too.
5	Order smoothies w pineapple mango or banana with no sugar. The fruit is sweet enough.But raspberry blueberries and strawberries need the sugar.
5	Delicious smoothies. Only bad thing is that they only sell one size. I always order the island green with no sugar and it's so refreshing. I can never finish it all but still crave it.
5	Tropical smoothie is one of my go-to lunch options. Fast friendly service and I never feel bogged down by the food. Kiwi Quencher is my favorite smoothie that they offer.
5	I stop in here whenever I'm out of supplies at home for my usual smoothies. Great selection, super fast, and affordable! Only wish there was les sugar in my most favorite flavor.
4	Today was my first time at this spot I was referred by my barber and I had a drink called  "The Peanut-butter Cup". It was good! Actually I want another! I only had a little time so I didn't order any food, but next time I will.
3	Took my order home only to find a rotten orange included as the side with my wrap order.  Smoothie and wrap were good.  Fruit, I threw away.
4	Had lunch at Tropical Smoothie Cafe. I got the Honey Ham & Swiss Flatbread (plain) and a Hawaiian Breeze smoothie. There were a lot of people in there, but most cleared out shortly after we got our food. The flatbread is simple, yet effective. Warm and soft, with that grilled taste, sweet honey ham, and cheese. It's a good sandwich! The smoothie (pineapple, orange, and non-fat yogurt) was also good, although I think my favorite is still the Jetty Punch (strawberry banana). P.S. Their smoothies are big! When we were leaving I noticed a sign that says they're now open 24 hours. What?? Why?? Who craves smoothies at 2am? I certainly haven't. And they don't even have a drive thru, so what's the point? I just think of it as a lunch place so it confused me a bit. But they do have some quality stuff!
5	Very good food and quick service :) the chicken pesto flatbread was great and so is the blimey limey smoothie
3	The reason I gave Tropical Smoothie Cafe three stars is for their noodle bowls. The smoothies are awesome-- hence the three stars. I will return again and again for the smoothies alone.However, the noodle bowls they offer are awful and deserve one star. The bowls seem to be prepackaged, put together at the location and then microwaved. The bowls have almost no flavor and the portion size is very small. For $6, I would expect something a little better. I can get the same thing from WalMart or Costco for much less than $6.
3	Love that it's open 24/7! Smoothies are pretty good. Expected a better sand which though. Over all, people were nice and it's great for after the gym.
1	So much sugar added in the smoothies. Ordered a buffalo chicken wrap and they smothered it with buffalo sauce until it wasn't even edible. Returned it for a spinach salad which they pile up with greasy bacon. I think they are trying to be healthy but are seriously missing the mark. Service was terrible, the girl at the front looked and acted like she hated working there.
5	GO here! After you try it, you'll become a regular. Recommend the Island Green, Mango Magic, and Kiwi Quencher!!
