4	I was visiting Phoenix for work and this gym was a couple of exits down I-10 from my hotel. I used my travel pass and got in for free. Good gym, a large facility with great variety of equipment including machines I have never seen before. I had a great work out but I wish they would turn down the music. I've never been in a gym with such loud, obnoxious playing constantly.
4	The Ahwatukee Gold's Gym is your gym if you like no-nonsense workouts with a variety of equipment and an atmosphere that doesn't make you feel like you need to run out and purchase a whole new wardrobe.  They also offer personal training, classes, day care, tanning, and saunas in addition to the standard cardio and weight equipment. You can also get travel passes to use Gold's Gyms in other locations. This location is ideal for those of you who don't like a freezing cold gyms or even a cool gym. Since one of the two A/C units went out early in the summer (2011), afternoon and evening workouts are Bikram-like affairs. Every time I've ask the staff about when the unit might be fixed, they say "maybe next week" or "they're working on it." Keep in mind that the western unit went out months ago. That said, the fact that it is warm in the gym might appeal to some people who might otherwise bring a jacket to another gym.
4	So I started this weight lost journey last year, I lost 58 pounds and am still on the losing streak (this losing streak I can handle) now at the apt complex I live in, it had a gym that has been very useful for me, up till 2 weeks ago when they shut it down. Plus to be honest because it was so close to my place I didn't go regularly, I got lazy.  So that was my push to get a gym membership, I looked around and Gold's gym seem to me the best bang for your buck!  I am happy with my choice! Had my 1st work out their yesterday, it was just cardo, but I did get to check out the gym and look forward to making this my new gym! And with my membership I get a lesson with a personal trainer, got my appt all set up for Friday. Look forward to continuing my losing streak and working out!
5	Found a deal through Veebow app for a free training and orientation with Phoenix, a trainer there. Awesome. What a work out, and he helps you with what kind of foods to eat. Definitely get the free training session from the Veebow app if your looking for great tips and work outs. Just ask for Phoenix, he looks like a trainer.
4	O gold's. Gotta love this place. All the meatheads and roiders make this gym quite entertaining. If you're looking for a fitness center with a spa, basketball court, and a rock wall don't even bother. It's as basic as it gets which is good and bad depending on your style. They have all the necessities like cardio machines, free weights, and weight machines and offer a few classes. Really glad I joined. Not nearly as crowded as some places I've gone and it's only $10 a month so I can't complain. Only thing I wish they did is put a little more effort into maintenance. Bathrooms and locker rooms are always clean but the machines and weights are a little dingy sometimes.
4	I've been a member here for almost a year and I enjoy it. The staff is friendly and the trainers are very knowledgeable. There is plenty of equipment to use even when it is busy. I also like the fact that is not a super fancy place (although they recently painted and did a little refresh, which is very nice). You come in, do your work, and go home.The memberships they are offering now are great - month to month for a cheap price - and it is close enough to home for people living in Ahwatukee that the only excuse to not go once you are a member is laziness (which honestly affects me every now and then...:)
1	Try to call the membership hotline and was immediately put on hold via the computerized system. Finally just hung up after 15 mins and 3 extra phone calls attempts to that same number. Most likely nobody works at that number cause they have terrible customer service. To date: 8/06/2012. I have tried several times via phone calls/messages to get this resolved. I have also called the Gym and also the person who told me to email him Zeynep Watson has not resolved this either. I have finally sent in a complaint to BBB to see if they can get my membership cancelled.
3	I finally got someone to pay attention to me and not the guy that actually emailed me. After a while I finally got a live person on the line and they cancelled my membership.
3	My fiance and I go to Gold's about three nights a week. We are lifters, so people seeking reviews on the cardio and machines, sorry-can't help there but it seems like people like it. The weight area has good equiptment and clean. They have everything you need. Sometimes you'll have to wait for a squat rack or bench, but five minutes tops. All the guys, (and I say guys because it seems like I'm 1 of 3 women that actually train in the free weights area) are friendly and respectful. The only thing I'd wish they'd modify, and I'm sure I'm one of only a couple that would say this, but I wish they'd change up the music. It seems to be on pop music a lot and a little adrenaline pumping-type music would be nice once and while. It's very difficult to get amped up for my squats listening to Justin Bieber. Side Note: Offers classes, trainers, childcare, and tanning there too.
3	It's a gym. Nothing too special about it. I only went here for a couple of months and it didn't seem like equipment got fixed very quickly. Some of the equipment and especially the padding on some of the machines looks like it needs to be replaced. For a cheap gym this place works, if you want a nice gym look elsewhere.
4	Best golds in the area by far!
2	It's been years since I went to this gym but I still use it as my example of a bad gym in conversations.   Smelly, harsh light glancing off rows of rusty treadmills, little diversity in types of machines, tightly spandex clad women cackling on their cell phones and shaking their butt for the over muscled grunts, few small weight machines scattered amongst ones clearly designed for giants.  Just unfriendly and crowded.  To be fair,it's been years and maybe it's changed. But my nightmares about it won't.
2	I signed up for this gym because of the price...and that's what you get.  A $10 gym membership = only 10% worthwhile experience.  They have about 7 total ellipticals and maybe 20 treadmills.  Every single time I went in there at least 4 of the ellipticals weren't working and there were at least 5 treadmills that were either stuck in the "up" position, the tread was significantly ripped, etc.  The trainers were extremely pushy if you didn't pay for training and once we did finally sign up for training we were set to work with an older gentleman (very nice, by the way) who kept saying that he didn't want to push us too much...so we never "felt the burn!" We (me and my family) got tired of letting the front desk people know that the machines weren't working or the cardio equipment was still broken.  Let me put it in perspective, in 6 months none of the cardio machines that were broken on the first day were EVER fixed...  It was like they were there for looks but how dare I expect to actually use one.  So lame.  We go to Lifetime fitness now.  It's 2 miles away and you get so much more...and the people there are great!!! Shame on Gold's Gym.
4	When my wife and I do have the will power to go, we go at night around 11:00 P.M. The place is dead and we can use whatever machines we want.  The people who work at night our friendly and we like how quiet and relaxed it is.
3	I reviewed Gold's gym in Mesa last year (http://www.yelp.com/biz/golds-gym-mesa#hrid:P_HI7vAZVpu479HXmG-i0g) and honestly, this is about the same situation.  If I had to choose, I prefer the Mesa location.  The women-only room is just a huge plus!This location is between work and home, so it's more convenient if I'm stopping by after work.  I use the treadmills (never had a problem getting one), ellipticals, and every so often, free weights.   It serves its purpose!  It could use a little updating for sure, but for a pretty low membership fee, it's fine.
3	What I like about Gold's versus other gyms is that it is a no frills, just-get-in-here-and-work-out type place that knows you don't need all the big, fancy expensive equipment to get a good workout in. With that said, I will be honest and say that more often than not there are several pieces of cardio equipment that are broken down, which can be inconvenient if you're there at a busy time and have to keep an eye out for when one opens up.But the bottom line is that this gym has everything you need, and they even provide a host of classes (everything from lighter fare like yoga and Zumba, to intense rope & weights 'warrior style' classes) that make the $9.95/month well worth it.
3	To clarify on why I gave Gold's three stars, other than some of the cardio equipment almost always being broken down...I know this is an older facility, but I do feel that the overall cleanliness and/or maintenance could still be bumped up a notch. This is what prevented Gold's from getting a four star review, but in any case I still recommend the place if you are looking for a good gym at a good price.
4	I have been coming here for a few months now and I must say that I am pleased with my experience so far. The preconceived idea is that Gold's is full of meat heads. False. There is definitely a different crowd here than LA, but it is very diverse and fun to people watch while stretching or doing cardio. I have NEVER run into any people with attitudes or I never felt like I didn't belong there (I am short and currently husky :p and there are a lot of super fit people here). Also, the members do a great job of cleaning the machines after use (spray bottles and paper towels are nearby). You really appreciate this if you have ever wanted to use some equipment but it looks as if the ocean tide crashed salt water all over it. Gross. Don't worry, it is clean here!The equipment is a fair blend of outdated and worn to brand-new-and-awesome. I love the Precor ellipticals (there are three, just west of the stair masters) since they allow you to control the stride length and depth. On the other hand, there always seem to be a few "under maintenance" pieces of equipment. At one time, one of the two drinking fountains was down for weeks!Like most gyms, get there on the slow hours to get choice machines and equipment. It gets busy, but not that bad. Mondays are the busiest weekday. When busy, the people I encounter don't mind sharing equipment between sets and always ask if you are done (common gym etiquette).My only other quibbles are the fact that sometimes the equipment I need gets brought into the classroom (which is often locked) and not returned to the main floor. I also wish there were more fans closer to the floor since that extra breeze can help you go a lot longer. These are minor complaints however, and overall I really like this place!
2	My husband works out at this Golds and I stopped by to change the card we have on file and make a change to my membership. The girl at the front desk was rude and seemed miserable. I asked a few questions about our membership (for example: Will the next payment for sure come out of the new card?) and every time she responded with "I don't know, I just work the front desk." For being the first person everyone interacts with when they walk in, I feel like Golds Gym should be making sure their guests have a pleasant experience and should inform their "front desk" employees how to answer what I thought were simple questions.
2	The gym has machines constantly out of service and sometimes doesn't even bother putting the "out of service" sign on the machine because they probably ran out. They don't clean thoroughly enough, usually just picking up trash, cleaning floor, and bathrooms. The machines themselves have filth caked up in the cup holders. Pads always have holes and tears in them. I switched to planet fitness because it was nicer and the same price. When I canceled they charged me a $25 dollar fee which they say they only do if you cancel before 6 months. I have exactly 6 months worth of charges from them. I doubt this was just an accident. Glad I pay with my AMEX which doesn't need any paperwork to do a charge-back under $50.
3	It's a place to work out. It's not the fancy new gyms that smell like roses and have a Starbucks. You come here to sweat and feel the burn. If you can get past the BO smell and the broken/torn/rough looking equipment, you'll do fine. The manager of the place is a roid-putz... Mike the old manager was WAY better. I come three days a week. And if I need to go out of state they give you a pass to go to other gyms. Katie is a trainer there (my trainer) and she'll kick your ass. Over all this place is just okay. But like i said. You come to work out. Not relax.
1	What a rip off! I am a very understanding person since I've been involved in business relations for a long part of my life. I cancelled my membership 3 months ago, my credit card got stolen and during the time that it took to replace it and change it to a new one, Gold's Gym tried to charge it. Since they were unable to, they felt that they needed to extend my membership again and void the cancelation. I just had to pay for a declined charge, 2 additional months, AND had to deal with a very rude representative. Not to mention that their facilities are in decline. CONSIDER YOURSELVES WARNED!!
2	Out of all Gold's gyms I have been to this one is the worst. Its so tiny, they have limited cardio machines and only two of the ellipticals I use. They don't require patrons to bring towels and there isn't anyone cleaning off the machines which in my opinion is down right nasty. It gets the job done but as far as being comparing to the Gold's gym off off Thunderbird and 83rd ave, this one is awful!!
3	This place is easy to get to off interstate and The Bagel Man is right next door! Overall this Golds is older with the classic metal weights but a great set of heavy dumbbells. The machines are all older, no new equipment here and some alway seem to be broken or totally wore out. I do feel its spacious and you have plenty of room to move around without being on top of other members. The cardio section is limited with 4-5 StairMasters, couple Ellipticals, bikes but a huge row of treadmills 20+ all stationed in front of several flat screen TVs above the gym floor. There is the standard group class room which also boasts some tires, battle ropes, TRX and other functional training equipment. Child care center as well. Mens locker room is good size with Dry Sauna room, 6-7 showers. Its a good place to train but no frills or high end amenities. This gym is comparable to Las Vegas Golds on W. Lake Mead (- the mma cage) but I actually prefer this AZ location.
1	Equipment sub-par.  They will charge you a $1 at the door if you don't have a towel.They do not have their own member service so cancelling was  three month process with multiple calls to a third party center.Worst membership experience ever.
2	I can tell you they don't clean the equipment much at all, most of the staff is not helpful and bullshits too much, I have stood at the counter waiting while they talk, the tanning beds are down to one bed and is filthy, if they have time to BS they should clean the equipment, most of the equipment is older and not very well taken care of, the management should really do something, also busy and small, the golds I used to go to in a different state was excellent so not sure what the problem is here
4	Staff is awesome. Signed up with Chris and he was very helpful and friendly. Knew about my corporate discount and hooked me up w a trainer to see if Id be interested in doing that. I told him I was only just getting back into training and he reviewed some good info w me that I had forgotten. Place gets busy after 4 (no duh) but its a good sized gym i guess. Looks worse from outside w the full parking lot. I was surprised at how outdated the machines were though...pads were coming off, adjustable seats werent movin...could sometimes be a hot mess. If those could be replaced, id give it 5 stars.
3	Staff needs to clean more. Trash bins are always filled past the brim with empty water bottles. Towel machines are usually empty. I've never seen a single employee wiping down machines or vacuuming. Can get a little busy during the after work / dinner rush, so plan accordingly. Would be nice to have a few more squat racks / larger area to dead lift. Some folks need to learn gym etiquette and RE-RACK THEIR WEIGHTS. But most people are polite; even the roid monsters.Overall it's a good value for the price and 24/7 availability.
1	The only good thing about this place is the reasonable monthly membership!! Other than that the customer service is a joke and the gym is dirty!! Do not recommend if u can afford to go somewhere else! :(
1	SCAM !!  They have a HUGE banner on the front of their building saying, "$9.95 Month to Month".  So I went inside to ask them about it today, [and before I gave them a chance to answer] I said, "I'm betting there's a catch, it's too good to be true, there's a catch right?"  And the young woman behind the counter had a guilty smile in her face and said, "well there's a $99.00 sign-up fee then it's $9.95 month to month".  I said that's NOT on your banner outside, but that's okay because that's all I need to here.  You don't even have any kind of 'fine print' on your banner outside saying such - not the slightest.  You left that part off your banner so people would flock in here.  NOTHING except the words "$9.95 Month to Month" is on the banner. SCAM - FALSE ADVERTISING to the max degree.  I'm going to call all the local TV News stations, like Channel 3 'On your side' and channel 5 and anyone that will do a full legal report on this business running a "Come-on ad" on the outside of their place of business.  I'm sure the Attorney General would be interested in hearing about it.ALSO, notice in these threads that Golds Gym "only replies 'to positive' comments, NOT complaints" !!   Great customer relations / PR.  Way to go Golds Gym !!
3	Let me start with this: it's not a "bad" gym, but it's not a great gym either. It depends on what you need. Equipment is pretty beat up and the staff, for the most part, just doesn't care. I was there for a few years and while they were never mean, they were never really friendly either. I paid 20 a month and once a year they hit you for an extra 50 for maintenance or whatever. They neglected to mention that when I signed up. Moved over to LA Fitness and it's already been worth the extra 10 a month. It's REALLY crowded, too. Holy crap it's crowded. I understand that there are rush periods but damn. Bottom line, if you want a $20/month gym with $20/month equipment, go for it. The extra 10 at LA is totally worth it for
5	Great gym and a great price.  No fluff.   I love that it is open 24 hours.  Conveniently located off the I-10 and Elliott Road.
2	If your are looking to just lift weights, it's a decent gym, otherwise don't waste your money.  They claim $15 a month cancel whenever membership, but they fail to mention a yearly membership cost, and it's somewhat of a pain to figure out how to cancel.  I would not go to this gym again.
1	If I could give this gym a ZERO I would. I went to this gym to try it out and see if I would like it better then planet fitness. I walked in and I get that a gym shouldn't smell like roses but it was sooooo stuffy in there. All the machines are old. I Walked around to find a spot to do cardio, I ended up on the treadmill, I got on it to find that the machine was COVERED And when I say Covered it had nasty sweat dripping down the machine. I couldn't stand another second in that nasty place! And not to mention the guy next to me was splashing his sweat everywhere. I couldn't walk fast enough to the front to get my ID back from the girl. She could tell I was disgusted and didn't bother asking me how was my visit. I WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS GYM NOT EVEN IF THEY PAID ME!!!!
2	The machines are worn out and old.  They really need to spend some money on new equipment. The free weight section Is fine though.
5	Huge selection, great staff and low prices. No it's not really new and it's a builders gym not for the fashionable fitness crowd, but I love it here.
