5	First off, this location is not closed on Saturday, as is posted.  They are open until noon on Saturdays.  I know because they squeezed me in on Saturday early afternoon for a check-in with Dr Sheehan.  It was a great experience. Even though it was close to his lunch hour and closing time, he took the time to go over all my questions and make adjustments to my weight loss plan.  There are tons of benefits to being with MedShape Weight Loss Clinic, a medically supervised weight loss plan.  For me, it's all about education and structure.  There are so many fad diets with conflicting data, I wanted to make sure I was doing right for my body and losing fat (not weight), in a healthy way.  For my personal experience, MedShape's customizable, medically supervised weight loss program has already been tested in many ways.  Here are some other perks to their support and structure...*When I have a question, you can immediately call for answers.*During a rough week, you can email or visit support forums and receive suggestions and support.*Your individual plan is customized to your needs and lifestyle.  * Your Dr and/or support staff will explain what your lifestyle change does for your body, such as lowering the insulin levels for lower fat storage and weight gain.*Their custom supplements and prescriptions (if needed) are a good way to condition your body for proper fat loss, instead of just weight loss (which could be muscle instead of fat!).* The MedShape protein bars, shakes, drinks and other foods are a nice break from typical meals.  They don't push them at you though, and I've even been told I can be successful without them.  I still get some because some of them are very good! (write me if you want suggestions)* The accountability and structure in a medically supervised weight loss program is an important motivator for many personality types.So, I guess you can see why I'm loving my MedShape experience.  By spending less money than I spent on a trainer over the last 6 months at the gym, I've already lost 1/2 of my fat loss goal and am not even 1/2 way through my program.  Now I can combine my training instruction and my nutrition plan!  I keep in mind that health success is made up of a bunch of little decisions that I make throughout the day.  Thanks, Dr Sheehan and MedShape Weight Loss!
5	I love Medshape, this is my place to go when I overindulge.  After I had my twins a few years ago, I was having trouble loosing the weight.  Even working out every day and watching what I was eating didn't move the scale down, it actually was going up.   I had never had that problem before.  I learned I had some thyroid issues that had developed, so I decided to go on the Hcg diet.   It worked and I was back to my pre-baby weight.  It is not an easy diet, but it works, you just have to put your mind to it, for a few months.  After that I do my usual yo-yoing of 5 to 8 pounds, specially when I come back from Oregon.  I don't go on the Hcg anymore, but I do the fat burner/B12 shots.  What this does for me, it keeps me accountable.  I know I have a weigh in coming and I make better choices.  I love food, and I have cheat days.  The people working there are really friendly.  I have known Leyla now for almost 3 years.  Nina is also great.  I have had a few of their protein bars, I like a couple.  They are not to snack on all day long.  They are just to have something, so you don't binge later.  They are not candy bars, so don't expect them to be a dollar.  I buy some of my protein bars from Amazon and they cost about the same.  Now I am working on my buffer weight, lol.  After all I am going to Oregon in the summer.  I am now, 8 pounds lighter that before I was pregnant.
5	What's a Yelper to do when they've written a few too many restaurant reviews? Go to MedShape Scottsdale of course! At least that's been my solution.The people at MedShape Scottsdale are very thoughtful and supportive. Layla and Nina are fantastic! And they've been here for quite some time. This continuity, in the event you suffer a Yelp induced weight setback, is reassuring.It is costly to get started, but if you shop and compare you'll find that Medshape is very affordable compared to the Red Mountains... of the world. Ask for discounts. The staff will work with you to find them. And will not gouge you when you are restarting. I had great success here and have managed to keep most of the weight off. Stopping in now to lose that last little bit again. Oh well. Helpful faces, not judgmental ones, awaited me.They offer a variety of plans: HCG, B-12 shots, all sorts of twig and berry solutions for melting belly fat and reducing wrinkles. There is also a bit of selling of Medshape snacks and supplements. They're not necessary for most people and they won't be pushed on you if you don't show an interest. I'd suggest you go basic to keep costs in line and then add things later only if you really need them. As for me, I'm paying for the weekly weigh-in with an understanding and friendly face. Don't know why it works, but you don't want to disappoint Layla and Nina.
