3	Julie's is a fairly large women's apparel store in Dilworth. Here you will find lots of dresses, both formal and fun, with cool prints and in bright colors. They carry shoes, as well as jewelry and pocketbooks. You aren't goint to find anything of exceptional quality here, and the prices you can't beat, in a "get what you pay for" kind of way. Another one of those stores where if you are in a pinch and in need of a bargain, you'd want to check out.
5	Adorable boutique clothing at affordable prices. Huge clearance section and nice customer service. A great place to stop by for womens and juniors clothes without the mall prices.
4	Hot date?  Shopping spree? Vacation?  Gift?  Whatever the occasion - Julie's is my go to place for a cute dress.  Their prices are very reasonable and it's so nice to be able to get in and out without the hassle of going to the mall.  The staff has always been very friendly and helpful (even when I've decided to try on every dress in the store) hey you never know what's going to look good on!  I've also noticed a good selection of shoes and accessories.  With all this nice weather you are sure to find something great at Julie's to wear.
4	Whatever the occasion you can find something to wear here.  I have bought great sundresses, long sleeve t-shirts, great scarves, tub top bras, and much more.  I love this place.  The staff here is really great about helping you find what you are looking for or giving you advice (if you are unsure about the way something looks).  The quality of clothing is on par with Forever 21, so not great but nt bad by any means.  They have great sales and really offer great benefits to regular customers (special sales).  I know I will continue shopping there, but I recommend ladies stop in and look around.  Oh, and it is ladies clothing only.
4	Really unique, fresh items and a clean, well-organized manner.  The staff is always friendly and very helpful and much better prices than what you would expect from a local boutique.  I've been a handful of times, but always enjoy my experience.  :) Definitely, a must-go!
5	I love this place! Definitely my go to place for cute new & unique clothes!
4	In my dream world, my closet would not be a closet... it would be this store.Need a dress for a wedding? Don't have anything to wear for girl's night? Want to look amazing for your hot date? Julie's has you covered.In my case tonight, I needed a gift for a Christmas party. With so many cute dresses, scarves, jewelry, shoes, etc... the possibilities are endless. I found a beautiful scarf for $12.99. I kind of don't want to go to the party so I can keep it for myself. Can I pick my own gift during dirty Santa?Prices are super reasonable. Keep an eye out for end of season sales. You can get clothes for a steal. I got a pair of awesome neon pants for half price at the end of the summer. Score.It's so refreshing to have a great option for clothes that doesn't require a trip to the mall. Julie's, thank you.
