1	Sole', well I had high hopes, even though this was my second time there, and it was for one of my friends birthdays.  We all went out as a big group, and huh, well I am very blase' about this place the food is less than average, the service was good, the location is great, but the food is ... BLAH!  I Had to get extra order of habanero hot sauce for my Pork tenderloin, it looked like a frozen McChicken patty and when they brought out my plate everything was squared off like it was a TV dinner, and it didn't taste better than a Lean Cuisine either.  My girlfriend got the Fideau, basically a Spanish spin on seafood linguine.  And it was so-so as well, uh, if you have the choice I would pass on Sole'.Especially if you are expecting some sort of exotic Spanish food full of spice and pizazz, this place is not it.  Sole' ...No way... Thanks anyway.
2	Unfortunately, I must agree with the other reviewer - a friend and I stopped in for lunch and both were underwhelmed. My eggplant was a weak takeoff on eggplant parm and it tasted like it was a frozen entree. Good wine selection - the glass of white helped raise my spirits
4	Sole is a great spot for groups if you can get a seat on the patio. The sangria is amazing! Skip the tapas and have an entree.The best dishes are the paella and churrasco with chimichurri sauce. They also have the BEST Tres Leches dessert in the whole city, you can't go without trying it.
4	Great tapas and their fresh bread is amazing. I would save room for desert. I'm a big fan of their tres leches. Their three milk/cream cake. I don't speak Spanish. So, forgive my spelling :]
2	I, too, had high hopes for this Spanish restaurant but walked away disappointed.  Bland, seemingly pre-frozen food with absolutely no hint of freshness and distinction.  It's a great place to drink and munch on tapas (after drinking quite a bit), if you're lucky enough to have a good server.
4	I came here last week for an event held on Sole's very nice enclosed patio. Having been recently disappointed with the food at ARPA,  I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the tapas here.  Standouts included the Croquetas de Pollo and the Patatas Bravas.I also ordered a few glasses of wine and must commend the bartender on his/her extremely generous pours! Thanks for helping a lady forget her bad day, folks!Also, the wait staff was extremely accommodating to our group's request to turn the heating lamps off (too hot in the early evening) and then on again (after the sun went down).  Nothing bad to say about this place.  I'll be back!
2	Ate there last night for a birthday dinner.Sangria was good-not amazing but good.Bread came out and I was surprised at the time of bread and the fact that it had butter. It was decent, nothing special.Got a salad to start. Basic but the dressing was just "ok" and was lacking anything but lettuce and two tomatoes (other salads that went by had peppers and cucumbers)Got the shrimp/sausage over rice. It was actually quite good, although lukewarm.Overall I have definitely had better. I would give it a try again, though probably not anytime soon.
5	My new fav!I went to Sole during Restaurant Week earlier this year and was amazed at the whole experience.  From my past experiences during Restaurant Week (at other restaurants )- I haven't been wowed like I was wowed here.I had 3 courses and each course was better than the next.  Empandas - Yum.  The pork tenderloins with the plantatins - yum.  The Tres Leche cake - amazing....What really topped it off was that the service was fantastic.  They were very busy but our waitress was very attentive and really helped us with our choices.
3	Sole, Sole Sole Sole, Sooooole, Sooole.I've been meaning to stop by Sole as I'm a big fan of da tapas. Located right off of East Blvd., Sole's menu looked promising - some tasty looking seafood and delish bites. Take note, however, their online menu varies from their in house menu. At least it did when I stopped in!Inside, Sole is offers a nice sized bar and plenty of tables. Our server was very attentive and recommended some great starters (tapas) for the table to share. I was a big fan of the cold, ceviche like tapa with fresh seafood and boat load of cilantro. The gambas al ajillo were ok, but they were suffocating a bit much in the pool of oil. For my meal, I ordered the scallop dish that offered a fairly bland tomato base and saffron rice. I believe my dish was $19 - not too bad, but a little pricy for a few scallops and saffron rice. The rice was a great consistency, but it was just a wee bit bland too. Next time I'm going to order a few more tapas - as it seems like that's Sole's strength. Ole, Sole!
4	I stop by this restaurant while in Charlotte for a meeting. I have not been to Sole in 5 years. My first experience was great here, so I thought I try it again. I must say it was a wonderful experience. I was seated outside under the veranda, they also had a guy singing and playing a Spanish guitar, the atmosphere was perfect, even though it was a very hot day to be outside, around 94 degrees. I ordered the wonderful Spanish tortilla for starters and a very good Spanish wine, recommended by the waiter. My main entree was the paella, I must say this was well prepared, wonderful flavors and plenty of quality seafood and good  ingredients, coming from a Spanish family, I must say this is up there with some of the best. For desert,I tried the tres leche cake, amazing!!!
1	I went to Sole on the weekend and found that it was so crowded and noisy I thought I would wait till later.  What better night to feed my paella hungrys than tonight when it rained cats and dogs - I was seated immediately and the noise level was bearable.  I ordered a house salad, paella Valenciana, thought I might have a dessert after.  I was served a very small roll with a small piece of very cold, hard butter and waited.  The salad was better than the standard peter rabbit variety of lettuce with a slice of tomato and was not ice cold, certainly a plus.  The paella came in a traditional paella dish with, I kid you not, three small clams, three muscles, a few pieces of squid, and a few shrimp.  The rice had little saffron flavor. The Sofrito  was extremely bland with little of the spices that one associates with this dish.  Basically Sole prepares this "all at once" so the flavors have little or no chance to "marry up" and the sea food being overcooked is rubbery. In other words you must "reserve" the sea food and add it back in at the last moment.  As for the rice it should not be disturbed at the end of cooking so the socarrat (a crispy caramelized rice) can form in the bottom of the pan (See recipe below).  I think if you can buy canned paella and warm it up in a microwave it might be a close approximation of this abomination.  On the way out I was asked  about how I liked my meal.  When I proceeded to explain to him why I was so disappointed he ask first where I had eaten  paella and suggested that next time i should probably eat it some where else.  At no time was I rude to this person and I was frankly astonished at his attitude.  So to all you yelpers I suggest that you too might want to consider trying to find real Spanish food somewhere else.  For my friend at Sole I hope that even though he assures me that never in 8 years has he had a complaint about their  paella he will take the time next time to have the real thing at either of the fine restaurants that I have referenced in NYC.  He might also like to check out this recipe- noting the importance of the socarrat, the Sofrito, and the gradual "building" of the paellahttp://www.yelp.com/biz/el-charro-espanol-new-york#query:spanish%20foodThis restaurant is a treasure and has been  serving a very special crowd for over thirty years.http://www.yelp.com/biz/socarrat-paella-bar-new-yorkFor those who are not quiet as adventuresome as might be demanded by tiny little el Charro this is one of NY's best Spanish restaurants.http://www.paellapans.com/Paella-Recipe-Seafood-a/142.htmThis is close to the paella that I am accustomed to eating at el-Charro's -  note the emphasis on the proper forming of the SocarratRegardless of all this.  Common courtesy is something that I expect from any restaurant.  This place comes up short on just about every thing.
3	With Las Ramblas and Arpa closing this is one of the few tapas places close to Uptown. I really wanted to like it better than I did. Appetizers were great, as we chose several tapas...dinner was ok, but a little on the pricey side for what was received and the quality. If I'm in the mood for tapas, and some drinks, this is a good choice. They do have a great patio area that I'll make sure to check out next time.
4	I went to Sole for dinner with a friend.  We were very satisfied with our experience but not blown away.  The food was good but the service was mediocre.  There were several times throughout dinner that my drink was empty and the server did not come by to ask if I wanted another.  I had to actually flag her down twice to make a request (i.e. we needed additional napkins, another drink, etc.).I did enjoy the outside patio.  It is quaint with a nice ambiance.  I'm not a fan of bugs so I was a but hesitant to sit outside at night with decorative lights hanging along the perimeter - but we had no problems!  I thought the food was excellent.  I ordered the Spinich Quesadillas and a cup of Black Bean soup.  It was my first time ever ordering a Spinich Quesadilla and I was a bit skeptical, but wanted to step outside the box.  I was pleasently surprised.  It was delicious!  They are listed as an appetizer but it was definitely enough for one person as an entree.  The black bean soup was equally as good.  The server offered to bring sour cream,  onions, tomatoes, etc.  as a garnish.  The sour cream and onions made it fantastic.My only complaint is that the drinks were on the expensive side and the service could have been a bit better.  A vodka (Absolut, nothing outrageous) and soda was $7.00, same for a Bacardi and Diet Coke, and it wasn't particularly strong.  Overall, I would recommend this restaurant and I would go back as a customer!
4	Good tapas... I loved the eggplant parm.  I would go back... it's a pretty fun atmosphere for drinks and a meal.  I like that they have outside seating on the terrace... from what I remember, it provides a pretty good view of the city, too.  Oh, but the service was sloooooow.  I had to get rude in order to get our ticket (i.e. "We're ready.  No really, we're ready for our ticket.  Can you bring us our ticket?")
5	My best friend and I went to Sole last Friday night. It was such a nice meal. Very taste. Fresh bread was nice. Bananna chessecake so yummy. Management was very nice.
