1	I was thoroughly unimpressed with this venue for many reasons.... 1. it took 25 minutes to obtain a tasty beverage (beer) and about as long for glasses of water. (the restaurant was NOT even 25% full!)2. the waiter "strolled" by with his Faux Hawk to take our order about 45 minutes later.3. when the food finally came a member of our party found something mysterious in her burger.4. we displayed mysterious item mentioned in #3 to said Faux Hawk and he appropriately took the plate away. however did not omit the vulgar item from the bill until we explicitly asked.bottom line, the grilled salad i had was good, but not good enough to warrant a second trip to Cook N Jacks or a recommendation to anyone.
4	It's hard to rate this place because you never know what you're going to get. At it's best, I'd give it a clean five star rating. But, at its worst, the service is slow, and the bizarro factor knocks it down to 2 or 3 stars.  What has the ability to take this place up a notch is karaoke. It draws a diverse crowd of headbangers to rappers to punks to cowboys, which is where the bizarro element comes in. Sometimes the mesh is weird and amazing in the David Bowie meets Trent Reznor way, other times its odd and off-putting. I'd say scope it out on a given night, and if you don't immediately get a good vibe, roll across the street to The Coach House and grab a cheap pitcher and come up with a new plan for your evening.
3	The ambience started the night off, and I thought we were in for a really fun evening.  However, the service was a bit slow (and it was practically empty the night we went), the food was simply average.  And at those prices, the food needs to be much better.
4	Too bad this placed closed about a year ago - though the good news is that a new place has just opened up in this space and it looked BUSY (noticed it when frequenting Frank and Lupe's across the street). I shall report back shortly.Went by here last night - this is going to be Eddie Matney's new place... "Eddie's house"...Exciting...
