5	Directly over-hanging the home plate / 3rd base view.. this place has bench seating, bar stools, couches, table / chairs setups to please most.  There are also several monitors playing the current game and other current running sporting events.  Services has been AMAZING!   If you want to leave your seat and have a sit somewhere more social with a clear view of the game, this is the place!
4	This would be a pretty neat place to watch a baseball game .  Nestled in the heart of Chase Field's 200 Section, I made my first visit to the Audi Club for the University of Arizona Athletics Roadshow.  There are a plethora of tables overlooking the field along with a full service bar for its patrons.  I would imagine this place fills up rather quickly on game days, so I would recommend getting there early in order to grab a seat of your liking.  I attend quite a few Dbacks games a year so this is definitely a spot I will check out for a game!
5	While at Chase Field for yesterday's Aaron Hill Bobblehead Day game, my friend and I ventured into the Audi Club and visited for a few minutes before game time with another friend of ours who is a Guest Service Representative at the ballpark. I'd been by there before at games while on the Suite Level but had never actually taken the time to fully check out the area. The Audi Club features lots of seating (chairs with tables, couches, barstools) for fans to sit and enjoy a meal while watching the game. The view is amazing and overlooks the 3rd base and home plate sides of the field. There is a service bar for the guests. Also, there are many flat screens showing the game so if you miss the action on-field, you an catch the replay on the tvs.The Audi Club is very popular with fans and guests alike, so if you want to enjoy a game in there, grab your seat as soon as possible, because this place gets busy quick!
4	I had NO idea there was an Audi Club at Chase Field. I tend to always get a seat on the lower level, somewhere between home and 1st or home and 3rd. I went to the July 5th game, mainly for the fireworks. The game was sold out for that, although I managed to get a ticket at the last minute in a 200-section on the first row -- awesome seat! I had to go through the Audi Club to get there - very cool!  It's enclosed (air conditioning!) and has great bathrooms. There's Audi advertising throughout (to be expected) and even a real car on display! There's a cool Audi bar with a great view of the field, and a few fast food joints. One was a burger joint at which I stood in line for a long time for a burger. It wasn't too bad for ballpark food, but they really need to do a better job of line queue organization. I ate in a nice section of table and chairs near the Audi car. This eating area has great TVs to watch the game while you're away from your seat.The hallways are interior, unlike the wide open concourses on the lower and upper levels. Regular sized doors are the opening to your seating section. I found mine and had a great time at the game -- great seat!Full disclosure: I drive and love Audis.
1	Our burger in the Sedona Room was fine but the wait was over an hour. @DBacks need to get this under control because it is terrible.
5	Favorite place to watch the game while at chase field. Right next to a bunch of TVs and a full bar with a great view. Air conditioned and you have a lot more room to relax
4	This is one of my favorite places to hang out while at the Diamondbacks game. Not only are the bartenders super friendly, but there is plenty of seating within the bar area and if you are lucky you can get a table with a great view of the game. It is located on the club level so you have to have either club level or suite tickets to access it. There is a food court area right across from the bar too so if you want to be able to watch the game and have access to food and the bar you should check this place out.
