4	Great bar, great people. The service is excellent, especially bartenders Tiffany and Teenie.  Bar food is well...bar food. Hot cheese balls & beer battered fries (I affectionately call crack fries) are my go to. Cold drafts, nightly drink specials.A bit to much country music played for my taste.  Only down side for me.
5	Inexpensive everything, from food to alcoholic beverages.  The wings ARE huge and always cooked perfectly - I prefer the "mixed" sauce, but they have 18 wet flavors and 7 dry rubs to suit anybody's taste.The pepperoni rolls are BEST IN THE CITY, BAR NONE, with or without the delicious marinara sauce!!And for the reviewer who complained about not being able to take home wings on wing night, it says right on the menu NO TAKEOUT.  Shame on you for rating them poorly on a policy which is very clearly stated.They also have a DJ on Friday nights that plays a "Name That Tune" game which includes prizes and on Saturday nights, they have Karaoke Roulette, where you can either sing your own song, or put your friends name in for a song of YOUR choice.  The bartenders are super attentive and knowledgable in their craft.  Most of all, the regulars are as friendly as people get - come on in and make some new friends!!I LOVE this place!!
3	We ended up getting a great deal on Saturday.. 25 wings plus a pitcher of beer for $14. That's an awesome deal considering that its like $10 for 12 wings. We ordered the honey BBQ sauce as well as garlic parm.  The honey bbq were fabulous, loved the sauce. The garlic parm wings were okay, but not that great. Every time i've had garlic parm, they  were dipped in a garlic sauce & sprinkled with parm cheese. This wasn't really a sauce.. just a wing with chunks of minced garlic on them and no trace of parm cheese. Oh well.The 2nd bartender Krista was a sweetie, but like JD mentioned in the tip section, the older blonde hair lady had a mean, bitter attitude for no reason at all. Its a normal bar and everyone seems like regulars. Smoking is permitted.
4	This place is a nice neighborhood joint. We popped in for some lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Bar was reasonably busy with a handful of regulars at the bar. We grabbed a table next to the bar. The bartender was our server. I'm not sure of we had the bartender that others have said was not pleasant, but ours was nice to us. Menu was decent, with typical bar food. Food was good. I had a turkey club sandwich and fries. Big sandwich and fresh fries. Me likey!!! Honestly, my only complaint would be that they allow smoking. As a former smoker, going into a place that reeks of cigarettes makes me want to gag. People were chain smoking at the bar, so it just made it that much more worse. I would possibly go back, bc the food was yummy. May bring an oxygen mask though.
