3	This is my go-to place for when I am in a hurry and have to take out something near my house.  I usually get the turkey, it is what you can expect from a chain.
5	I love this place. The staff is the best. Nicole can't be beat!
4	Sounds cheesy maybe but Subway is my favorite place to eat for a quick, healthy under $ 10 meal. They are always efficient and their sandwiches are consistently good and taste fresh. I always get the same when I go: turkey on honey oat bread... I kind of blow the healthy equation every time I go there since I add two cookies to the sandwich and considering they are worth 210 calories each, yikes to the belly!The staff is always friendly and eager to please. Some have more attitude than others (you know who you are) but that makes the visits interesting and lively!If you are pressed for time and don't want to break the bank and yet want to eat healthy, it's hard to beat Subway....not even a burger joint can come close!
3	They make good sandwiches but their customer service needs improvement. I went there last month at night time around 8ish. And the guy who was making my sandwich was nice but what really bothered me was the high school girl who was working there also. She just stood in the doorway of the kitchen and was on her damn cell phone while she was on the clock. I know she was talking to her boyfriend cuz she would say I love you over and over and she would look at me as she would say it to try to make me feel jealous or something. I will find out her name and complain to the manager about it. She should be fired cuz that is just fucked up. That is why I cant stand preppy and slutty high school girls.
1	I used to come here all the time. Not anymore. The service is awful. They hired a couple guys with big earings in their ears that like to act like they're in grade school. They show no respect for any customers coming in and have no business in the food industry. I will gladly drive 2 miles out of my way to the next subway. Next time don't hire morons.
