4	I've passed by this restaurant for the last couple of months, but since we both make some pretty spectacular Italian food ourselves, this is one cuisine we rarely look for when dining out.  But tonight it was late and I just wanted some pasta without boiling water and cleaning dishes.The restaurant sits up a very steep hill, which gives it a really spectacular view of the Las Vegas strip.   The room is pretty with a partially open kitchen and views from the bar that go on forever.  Since it was past 9:30 pm we had a hard time getting seated.  I think the hostess was outside getting a smoke.  But once we were seated, the waiter was very prompt and very attentive.  We had two glasses of wine which came in an instant along with very fresh bread.  My husband started with the bean soup which was tasty, but pretty bland.  That's OK, the main courses were SPECTACULAR.  I stuck with the Rotini La Collina (ham, peas, mushrooms, onions in a tomato cream sauce).  My husband hates peas, so I order them when I can.  It was very, very tasty, but nothing to compare to my husband's Osso Bucco Ravioli.  That was a flavor explosion in your mouth!  I'm sure we will be back again when we have a late night craving for Italian food.  They even have a real pizza oven!
4	If you are looking for a good looking staff along with your Italian cuisine, ladies and gentlemen, look no further! For some reason, this restaurant is chocked full of beautiful waiters and waitresses. I have a friend who serves here (also a good looking guy) and decided to check it out. A few of my girlfriends and I went out for a late dinner, and the restaurant was still pretty packed. Families were chatting over desserts, couples were sharing bottles of wine, and groups of friends (like us) were giggling over appetizers. We took our seats and looked over the menu. We decided to share an appetizer, entre, and dessert. The desserts were amazing. There is a moist chocolate cake (I can't remember the name) that is a must for any visit to La Collina. We sat and talked a while, visited with our server friend when he could sneak away, and enjoyed the breathtaking view of the city. It was a clear night, and because La Collina is situated on the hill on Horizon Ridge, the entire city glowed. The back area of the restaurant located behind the bar is by far the best seating. The entire wall is glass and overlooks the strip from the southeast side. We finished our dinner, and by that time the restaurant had emptied, but the bar area was still open. I believe the bar stays open until the wee hours of the morning, but we could not stay. We had stuffed ourselves to the brim, and were all pretty tired. The food was not the most amazing Italian I had ever had, but it is nice to finally see some quality restaurants making their way to Green Valley. The atmosphere is the selling point for La Collina, and for a dinner out with friends, not too many places beat this view of lovely Las Vegas. Recommended entree: The menu was pretty standard, but my chicken parm was cooked perfectly. Not too saucy, not too dry!Recommended drink: I could say the wine list, which accommodated most tastes, but our friend had the bartender bring some lemon drops over, and they were so yummy!!
3	The view here is beautiful, definitely a good place to take a date or have a late night drink. The food is perfectly tasty, and has some interesting choices like the pizza crust stuffed with arugula and prosciutto, their regular house salad is absolutely amazing as well, they have a beautiful garlicky house dressing that you have to try. Having said that, I think the place is a bit overpriced (admittedly I'm biased against high-priced Italian restaurants because I can make some decent Italian food myself) I'd recommend coming here for the atmosphere, but if you're just looking for some delicious comforting Italian food, there are places in town that will be tastier and cheaper.
4	As others have said, amazing veiw and good food.While back in Vegas visiting family my wife and I joined her sister and her new boyfriend for dinner here on night.  This really is a nice spot to take a date or out of town guests, as it does have that great view, and good food at a not too expensive price.Our waiter, Chase, was right on the ball, and was helpful in selecting items off the menu, which was good, since it was too dark in there to actually read it.Sure, there is better Italian food out there, but once you add in the atmosphere this place would be hard to beat.
5	Just like Ventanos on the same street and towards the east a few miles away, we really like La Collina. Another great Italian place with great views and good food. I can't say anything new that the other reviewers havn't already mentioned. Once we were having dinner there and a well dressed woman walked by as were we finishing our last bites of our meal. I thought she was a customer, but she came over and started to take our plates away. We were kind of surprised since she wasn't wearing a name-tag, but later it seemed that she was the owner/manager or someone like that. Well, overall another one of our favorite places and so close to home.
4	La Collina the restaurant I have been looking for in Las Vegas for years.I love Italian food and have not be able to find a place in Las Vegas that I really appreciated.The search is over ..... I found La CollinaLa Collina has the look of one of those TV show ( Top Chef, Iron Chef - Hells Kitchen) restaurants.The interior is dark, with deep dark wood paneling.There is a beautiful long curved bar and lounge area with a spectacular view of Las Vegas.An outstanding atmposphere - total ambiance......The service is supurb.The wine list is very complete.The salad "Collina," a signature item with marineted vegetables was worth the visit alone.I had a difficult choice between Veal a Collina and the Lobster Ravioli in Vodka sauce.It will make the second trip that much more enjoyable trying my second choice.The veal was supurbly cooked .....In addition, they have a very contemporary background music selection.It just added that much more to the total enjoyment of La Collina.Ask for the window seating....... the view is unmatched.La Collina for Italian ...........
5	the food was great.  the view was really nice.
2	Closed as La Collina, then Carmines Italian, now soon to be Lindo Michiocan Mexican Food. Should be a pretty place, I wish them well. I am not a fan of Lindo Mich even though they seem to get rave reviews and awards. We might stumble in one day.
