3	Typical Taco Bell with typical Taco Bell menu (other than the Popeye's Fish they serve from the same kitchen/counter). Not sure if some of the people in the kitchen could speak English. One employee on break sat in front of a small TV in the seating area which was VERY LOUD and ANNOYING. Every table was dirty despite it not being very busy, and the bottles of condiments at the "fixin's" bar were filthy. Can't beat the prices, though. As usual, I left "stuft" on two bucks.
4	This taco bell rocks. I've never had any major issues, other than the typical "Dammit no sauce" but still this franchise is usually very good and precise. Widdly Scuds can definitely be obtained here.
4	Cheap fast food that you should not eat everyday - unless you want to get fat and have a heart attack.Food quality at this location is on par with all other Taco Bell's. It is the service that sets this one apart. Orders are always accurate....and FAST. LOST STAR - I almost always use the drive-through here. But a couple of times I have eaten inside, the dining room was not clean. I hate having to clean up after someone else before I eat.
2	Go here probably to often but oh we'll. the food is normal for t bells but be sure to check any special order especially drive thru orders. Seems every time I say no tomatoes I get extra tomatoes.
1	Ugh.  About every 3-4 years I somehow end up wanting to see if Taco Bell is still awful, and try it again.  Yup, still awful.  Tried a couple of the newer menu items, which of course taste exactly like all the other menu items.  I don't know why I keep thinking they may have changed.
2	Just had the new breakfast.  The breakfast taco was lame. Tasted like something you would make a kid in the microwave. The steak and egg burrito could have been good but they don't use any seasoning.  Very bland even with hot sauce. The hash brown was mediocre, basically the same one u get at Burger King. If u r looking for an alternative to McDonald's try Sonic. They have a pretty good breakfast burrito. Swing and a miss Taco Bell.
3	Food is good.Slowest service. Ever. For a taco bell/LJS.  I've come to expect this, so I don't go there if I am ever in a hurry.Plan to wait a good amount of time in the drive thru. One time I waited 20 minutes, with only 2 cars ahead of me.
2	This location is hit or miss.. Unfortunately it's usually a miss. There's not much to eat in this area.
