5	I went in for a flu shot at my lunch hour.  Fast service and they have their new patient forms on - line - very handy.  I will definately go back if I get sick while at work.
1	My girlfriend was looking on the internet for Urgent Care spots so I could go and take care of my wheezing problem. She suggested this place and told me that first time visitors only pay a $29 co-pay. I took a look at it myself and figured I'd check it out today. When I arrived no one was at the front counter. The lady soon appeared and the first thing she tells me is about a $49 co-pay. I showed her the ad online which clearly stated that first visits are $29. She dismissed that by saying that the ad is over a year old. I was frustrated because she was not helpful at all. She tells me that I would have to wait at least 45 min even though there were only two patients there and all she kept mentioning were prices even though I didnt ask for any of that info. I will not go back to the place. She was rude and left a sour taste in my mouth upon leaving.
4	Went in for a tobacoo test (if you dont' smoke, your insurance goes down at my job).  They got me right in, parking was close, and the people were very friendly.  All in all, a very good experience.  I wouldn't hesitate to go back here if I was in the area.
4	Today I stopped by CMG Care Today to see a doctor about a cough (possible flu) that I caught three days ago.  I'm so glad I did! I was mostly going in because I needed a doctors note for work but since I've lived in AZ for a little over a year now I thought it may be a good idea to start finding a doctor I like. The woman who helped me at the front desk was kind, informative, and welcoming. There was only a small amount of paperwork to fill out and I maybe waited 2-5 min before they called me back to my room. They checked my vitals, and asked all the routine questions when you visit a doctor. The entire time the nurse was fun, personable, and you could tell she loves what she does.The doctor  Evelyn Pillor was great. Very helpful in diagnosing me and giving me "care instructions" for when I got home. Even for a simple cold! Awesome. She wrote up a doctors note for my work and even faxed it over for me. This place is great and I would recommend them to most.On a side note, I'm not sure what their parking situation is like. I walked to their location in downtown phoenix so I'm not sure if you have to find street parking or if they have a parking lot close by.
