3	A considerable walk out of town, the Royal Mail Delivery Office is a bit tricky to find. If you haven't got a smartphone with maps, good luck finding it. The turning is labelled "Scottish Widows printing" most conspicuously, and if you're heading in the dark (as most people will in darker parts of the year, before or after work) it's easy to miss any signage to the contrary.The Delivery Office is where you go to pick up parcels that have been substituted for the Red Card of Failure and the team that works here is, in short, a joy. They are efficient, helpful and cheery, which given how much flak they must get from cross people who have this or that complaint about the non-delivery of their parcel, is little short of miraculous.The room for parcel collection ("Customer Enquiries") is just a small room arranged to hold a queue of maybe about eight people leading up to the counter, which is usually staffed by two people. A chair is available in the corner in case your parcel is taking a while to arrive.Now then. The Red Card of Failure states that they will keep your parcel for 18 days before returning it to sender. It's worth being aware that this includes the day on which delivery was attempted, so when I arrived to collect my parcel today on what I thought was the 17th day, it was in fact the 18th. You'd think that even day 18 of 18 would be acceptable and it would get sent back after the 18 days mentioned on the card were up, but it had already gone on the van to be returned. Frustrating indeed as it was a 40 minute jog for me to get there this evening! However, the chap was deeply apologetic and recognised that there had been a problem at their end, so I think my case of premature return might be an exception. Nonetheless, worth noting..!I also came here on 19 December, when the queue all evening was out the door. My heart sank when I joined the end of that queue but I couldn't believe how fast it moved. I sat there for a while on the chair, wrapping the item that had just been delivered (it was for that night) and observed the queue moving at a consistent pace and the staff never flagged once. Great to see.Final note: at some delivery offices they don't bother asking for your ID before giving the parcel. They do here so make sure you take some along. And your best bet is to arrange redelivery online if you're nearing the end of the 18 day period, just in case!
3	In the middle of nowhere - if somebody asks where to find this place. They service about 1/3 of Edinburgh that is not even close to their location. People in jobs only have up to 7pm to get to them before they closeIt is seemingly 'easy' to get to. Lothian Bus 26 /15 / 21 all frequent the stop close to Telferton. Then (if you walk it) you have to goo aaaaaaaaaaaaaaall the way round to get to the actual entrance - about 10 min extra. They are usually very busy after 5pm and have limited indoor space to wait / queue up. There is a shortcut available from the bus stop, but I will not tell about this (or recommend) for safety issues (as it does involve shrubbery and uneven ground) but it does save you from having to walk aaaaaaaall the way round.
