5	This is a good cvs. Never busy, so getting in and out is a breeze. The pharmacy is great, very helpful, and always have the meds when they say. Use this place avoid walgreens.
1	I am still so angry over my recent experience here last week, and I feel this is the only way people will truly know what an awful pharmacy this is. Now to be fair, I have loved this pharmacy for years. The techs all knew my family and our meds and we never had a problem. However in the last month, they got a new pharmacist "Ron" and subsequently lost a lot of their techs. My son has autism and is on quite a few meds that cannot be missed due to dangerous side effects so we always try to keep everything filled before they run out and this pharmacy always  did an excellent job. All of a sudden this last week, meds weren't filled at all. The wait times were ridiculous, for example I waited 45 min in drivethru for them to not have them ready. I was told "tomorrow" four times last week. Finally my poor son was completely out of his meds and missed over a days worth. When I came home Friday evening after a long day working in cardiac surgery my boy was pacing back and forth and so upset. He had a horrible day at school and was dizzy. It was a little before 8 (they close at 10) so I went to the pharmacy to see if they finally had his scripts filled and I also had scripts that his doc had given us that day. When I got to the pharmacy there were a couple people waiting, and I'm not sure how many were waiting in line outside. I could see the pharmacist and techs were busy and he was yelling at his staff. I dropped the scripts off and said I would wait. The tech whispered to the pharmacist Ron and told him we were completely out of meds. He was very rude and said "absolutely not, we are too far behind to fill these tonight". She apologized to me and said they couldn't fill them. They had two hours left before closing! I explained to him that we had waited all week for the one script and he was completely out of meds. He said he couldn't do "anymore favors". Really?! Favors!? He told me it was my fault for not getting there earlier that day. Well excuse me for having to take care of patients late. This is what we do in healthcare! I explained that (and he should know this) it is dangerous to miss psych meds and my son was already symptomatic. He told me it wasn't his problem and that he was going to have to stay late if he filled my scripts--and here I got off late taking care of a critically ill patient.  Amongst other horrifying things, he said he didn't care if he lost our family as customers. The tech even pleaded with him to make an exception and fill it and he snapped at her as well. I repeat, they had two hours and I would have been more than willing to wait until they closed. I was in tears at that point and I admit I did finally raise my voice and told him we were done with this pharmacy and would be going elsewhere. He told me nobody in town would be able to help me that night...again, two hours until closing! Fortunately, there was a happy ending. The CVS down the road on sossaman took pity on a tearful, exhausted nurse and filled my scripts within 30 min. They apologized for my treatment at the other store and told me that store had recently lost a lot of employees because of this new pharmacist and had been sending other fed up customers to them. As a healthcare employee, we are supposed to be dedicated to our community and those in need of care. What a sorry excuse for a "healthcare professional"!
1	The store is great, but the Pharmacy service is Horrible!!!!   The pharmacy staff is unpleasant, not customer service oriented, and doing business with them is frustrating and mentally taxing.  They rarely have prescriptions ready when they say they will be ready.  The store staff is great!  They are helpful and they are always smiling; however, I couldn't be more displeased with the pharmacy.We have a daughter with a heart condition who requires her meds 3x per day.  On one occasion we had just received a new prescription from her cardiologist and had only a days worth of medication on hand to hold us over. We dropped off a new prescription to be filled late one morning and were told it would take 4 hours to fill.  We returned 2 hours before closing (more than 4 hours later) and were informed that they would not be able to get to it that day.  After explaining our situation and our dismay to the pharmacy manager, we had no other recourse but to take the unfilled prescription back from them and physically take the prescription to another pharmacy.  The prescription was filled within just a few minutes.  Today, I dropped off another prescription and before leaving they "checked" the prescription to make sure there weren't any "problems" to delay it being filled.  They said it would take 3 hours to fill (I still don't know why it takes them hours to do what others can do in minutes).  2 hours later we get a call stating that there is a "problem" with the prescription and that we need to contact our doctor to have him call the pharmacy to state the quantity.  After contacting my doctor I was informed that the pharmacy was supposed to call them directly.  I then called the pharmacy back and was placed on hold for 9 minutes.  After finally speaking with someone about who I was, I was again placed on hold for another 5 minutes before they came back and I was able to explain to them the protocol. They then said that they called the doctors office but they got the after hours message and we're not able to talk to anyone, which means the hung up without listening to the after hours message.  The message tells them exactly how to "talk to someone", which is what I did when I called.  This is just a couple of examples of how poorly we have been treated over the last four years by this pharmacy.
3	This store pretty much like all the rest of the CVS's there are in the world. The store has the quick pick-up items you might need in a pinch and their chocolate section is large which i enjoy and partake often of. The regular CVS clerks are very pleasant and helpful if you can't locate what you want. The pharmacy on the other hand.....they could stand to work on their customer service a bit. Not the worst service I have ever had but, not the best either. I do like that they carry the "as seen on tv" stuff, just because I like to see all the odd inventions that people come up with. My suggestions would be customer service training refresher course for the pharmacy folks and dust the merchandise. Other than that, it's A-Ok.
