5	I came here to get my second tattoo, the beginning of my half sleeve. I was pretty picky about where I would go because I wanted something new - a watercolor looking tattoo. Its located in NoDa across from a yummy taco place. I was tattooed by Mark, who paid a lot of attention to what I wanted and executed it pretty perfectly. The studio is clean and well lit, and not too sketchy, and the prices are great. It's like they're working for friends rather than you're a client. I'm definitely going to continue going there for my tattoo and piercings as long as I live in Charlotte. Very happy!
1	Don't waste your time as we did. Went three hours before closing and was told to come back another day. This is after calling and was told to come in as a walk in that I didn't need an appointment.
1	Was very disappointed in this tattoo shop. The artists were pretentious jerks. I went in to get a coverup of a tattoo that I got when I was younger and they made snide comments to me and each other about my tattoos, saying they didn't know why I would get a certain tattoo in the first place if now I was trying to cover it up. They basically made fun of me. Plus, they're portfolios were crappy. Don't go here unless you want immature, pretentious, and inexperienced jerks putting ink on your body. I went across the street to Fu's Tattoos and got a beautiful coverup.
5	I just had a small infinity tattoo done today on the back of my neck by Evan. The shop was tiny but clean, everyone had customers, very laid back. They did my friend's sleeve and I was referred to these guys because their work was so good. The guys remembered him and asked how he liked the work and what I thought of it. As this was my first time, I was nervous and really unsure about the process and the pain. It was surprising how quickly it went. My piece is small - maybe 1x1 - and took less than 10 minutes. It felt like a beard trimmer that was overheating; unpleasant but by no means excruciating. Evan gave me good aftercare instructions, charged me the minimum rate of $40 and I was out the door in 40 minutes. It's a great little shop that does all sorts of tattoos and piercings as well. My tiny piece has crisp lines and looked like it had always been there an hour later. No redness at all!Plus, Evan is pretty hot. :)
5	What a great place! 510 is one of the best tattoo shops around the Charlotte area. They are always honest and have your best interest in mind. The shop is always clean and neat. Everyone who works there is very professional and kind. I have had numerous pieces done by Mark and Wayne, as well as some piercings done by Joseph. I will always be a repeat customer at 510!
1	I stopped in here because it was close to my house and I wanted to switch out my nose ring from a stud to a hoop because it was finally healed. The guy barely said anything, picked a hoop and took me back to the chair, where he proceeded to clamp down a ring into my nose that was a bigger gauge than my piercing. I didn't notice this until the pain!!ouch!! not gentle at all.  Then I asked him what gauge it was, sure enough, it was bigger than mine but he claimed it held it's shape better. My nose hurt for days so I had to go to Sadu body modifications in Plaza where those ladies put me in a smaller one and explained how to help it heal from the huge metal clamp. Any longer with that one in that 510 had put and my nostril would be ripping. It looked infected for awhile and had to heal again. Don't walk into a place without reading reviews like I did! Maybe they're just expert tattoo artists, who knows. Oh, it was only $5 bucks though, so guess I got what I paid for.
5	Iv spent a lot of time in here and I love it! The atmosphere is awesome and my tattoos are amazing! I hand out cards for Mark almost everyday, because I get compliments every where I go. We started with some small tattoos first and I finally had him do a half Sleeve, then moved on to a large back piece that's has a lot of meaning to me.. He only cracked a few jokes but it's all in fun but at the end of the day it turned out better than I could have imagined! It looks so great that then I had to start letting him fix some old work I had that didn't look so good anymore next to it, and he did amazing on the cover ups for me also! I will never go anywhere else marks the man!
5	I went here to get my first tattoo this past Friday the 13th, on a recommendation from a friend.  I had a great experience and recently returned to get the back of my calves done.  I met with Evan about a week before and told him what I wanted to get done and set an appointment.  These tattoos were my first "real" tattoos and Evan knocked them out of the park.  He specializes in that "old school" American style of tattoo and thats exactly the style that I wanted so I told him what I wanted to include and then threw out some key ideas, and he ran with it.  The shop is full of talented artists who all encourage each other in their work, so if you go by I highly recommend Evan, but everyone's work that I saw in the shop was really well done.  A really relaxed vibe, talented artists, and a family-like atmosphere makes this shop a MUST.  CHECK EM' OUT!
5	Last Saturday my best friend from out of town and I came up with the goofy idea to get BFF tattoos and we decided to go to 510 Expert Tattoo.  I follow a few of the artists that work there on Instagram so I was interested in visiting this particular shop.  When walking in, we were somewhat intimidated by the guys, but they were really friendly and able to fit us both in later on the schedule for that day.  We returned at our given time and although our idea was ridiculous and corny, they were professional and thorough with drawing up exactly what we wanted.  Evan was my artist and he was very nice and did an amazing job. Oh, and he was VERY patient.  I would recommend anyone to come to this clean and talented shop!
5	As most people are, I was very nervous going to get my first tattoo. Tom was willing to work with me and was very helpful with the whole design and process. In 2 1/2 hours he freehanded a beautiful tiger on my left shoulder, staying a little late, instead of rushing, just to get everything perfect. The shop was clean and you could tell all of the artists we enjoying themselves. I couldn't have been any more pleased with my experience and the outcome. Thank you so much Tom
5	I cannot recommend this shop enough. My girlfriend and I were in Charlotte for my birthday last weekend and decided to find a good shop to get some tattoos to commemorate the weekend. Both of us already have several pieces so we had an idea of what to expect from a shop. We were greeted by our artist Anthony who I'm pretty sure doesn't know how to frown. He drew up a fantastic piece for my girlfriend from just a few word description and helped me fine tune my idea after he finished hers. We spent a few hours there and enjoyed the friendly staff and great music choices. I love metal but it was refreshing to not hear the same tough guy hardcore that seems to fill every tattoo shop's speakers. I also noticed that they closed at 6 on Sundays but Anthony and two other artists stayed over an hour late just to help other customers. All of the artists in the shop joked and talked with my girlfriend and I and were generally warm and kind people. I was planning on getting my quarter sleeve at another shop but I will ABSOLUTELY be returning to 510 now. If you want the most professional, welcoming, and high quality shop in the area, go to 510. A+ artists at incredibly reasonable prices and a staff that will welcome you without any judgements. Also, Anthony is hilarious.
