5	They are under construction so it's a little confusing, especially when the cookies are on the same aisle as the toilet paper (but as my husband commented, maybe the cookies are REALLY good). Anyway I wanted to give this place thumbs up because everyone was so nice! And it wasn't that fake nice, they were actually happy upbeat people.
4	This Safeway store, while confusing, has the hottest women shopping there in the Valley, even better than the Arcadia store.It would have received a three, but the hotness gave it an extra star.Insightful, I know. You're all welcome.
2	I have to start this review with a rather personal comment.  Some years ago, this store underwent a major remodel.  I was having a thing with one of the individuals who was very influential in how things were going to be done.  By the time the thing was over, I had a sneaking suspicion this store was going to be in real trouble.  I was right.This store is badly organized.  One example of this is the pharmacy area in the center of the store is set at angles completely different from the other two sides of the store.  It is like you have a store separated by the 51 freeway in the middle.  When you get to the frozen foods, the cases have to wind around the pharmacy set up.  Straight lines of freezer cases are not absolutely necessary but do make it easier to figure out what is where.   But since the front of the store curves around at an one point, why should they not.  It's a large store with a lot of merchandise.  This is a real plus if you are willing to search to the far corners for what you need. Tyler H wasn't kidding when he said confusing.  Another thing is true concerning what Tyler H said about this store.  There are some beautiful specimens to behold as they push their shopping carts.  I just don't want them to be ready for social security by the time they find what they need and leave the store!One final thought about this store has to with the pharmacy itself.  I found that if I had to describe the attitude of the staff in two words, I would use rude and stupid.  Stupid because there is no way people won't spread the word about how rude they tend to be.  I've asked other people who agree with me.  Maybe it's because they work near the Biltmore, they feel they can act that way?  I certainly hope their attitude has changed.  It makes me happy to tell you this is not the attutude of the rest of the staff.  Usually they are friendly and ready to help.I originally gave this store 3 stars but changed it to 2.  Any store I avoid shopping at unless absolutely necessary seems deserving of less than a three.
4	I love this place. I go here for everything that I can't pick up in bulk at Costco on Thomas and 44th. Very nice employees, always cheery and ready to help you out with anything. I am a fan of strolling the aisles without a list and just picking up things that look good. My impulse buy of the day: fresh Cevice and Guerrero's corn tortillas.
3	Lunch at the deli counter at Safeway is tasty, fresh, and not too expensive. Service is friendly but a little slow at times. There is some seating in the Starbucks area. Good for a quick sandwich. Parking is available but can take a few minutes to find mid-day.
4	They have a nut bar!That's how you know you're in a rich person's grocery store! Oh yeah, and the people who work here ACTUALLY say hi to you like they mean it. AMAZING!I go here just because for a brief moment, I'm treated like they want me to shop here and no one follows me around to make sure I don't steal anything. There are also no long lines because no one uses coupons or government issued WIC checks here. Only the money of sugar daddies, sugar mommas and money that grows on trees are appreciated here. For a brief moment, they think I'm a rich white woman and I think I am too.But when I go home with my supermarket fried chicken and a 6-pack of MGD, reality hits and I'm back where I started. Ahhh... Safeway, you make me feel so white.
4	I feel like a tool reviewing another grocery store. I was MADE to feel like a tool for choosing to grocery shop wearing yoga pants and flip flops instead of $800.00 Louboutins. Realllly.... how do rich ladies #1,2 and 3 not have someone doing the shopping for them at this point? It was interesting if not a bit disturbing to see the new and improved options in facial rejuvenation. (I'm taking notes for the future; thanks ladies)The nut bar won my heart. When you've had fresh ground peanut or almond butter you will never purchase regular (what I will refer to from this point forward as "over the counter PB") again. I've never had anything like it. The wine selection is perfect. I don't feel overwhelmed like I do when  shopping at Total Wine yet it's not your typical run of the mill Safeway selection. It is actually quite difficult to describe, I suggest you go see for yourself.
5	So, I've never reviewed a grocery store, but this place was AMAZINGGGGG. As a guest from out of town, I was stalking up on snacks for my visit to Phoenix, and I found myself pleasantly surprised in Safeway. My first stop, the deli counter. I was able to try samples of several salads and deli cheeses and the customer service was excellent. Around the corner was the cheese guy, tried a few gourmet cheeses and ended up spending $15 on cheese/spread/crackers. I had so much fun in here, I'll be back. ...because... they let you sample wines on the weekend.
2	I live a stone's throw from this Safeway and never end up here for groceries. Based on experience, if I cart my lazy ass down to the Fry's at Thomas and 44th, I end up spending about 1/4 less on my shopping trip than I do at this Safeway. Everything is ridiculously expensive, even after the "club card" savings. I have no idea why. Is it because it's in Arcadia? Is it the added expense of upkeep involved in over-stocking the wine section, or the fancy olive bar, or the gourmand cheese selection? Or maybe it's the added cost of employing cashiers by not installing self-check out lanes. Do I really have to stand in line for ten minutes behind a suburbanite with 2.5 screaming childes just to buy a couple sticks of buttah? And I understand carding, but do you really have to whip out the book to copy down my info and then make me sign my name like three times because my 16-year old self's signature doesn't match my 27 year-old scrawl? Come on, now. That's excessive. I appreciate that you think I'm looking foxy young for my age, but I'd rather hit up the crack pipe-selling liquor paloozas along McDowell than deal with this nonsense.Unless I am in desperate need of an ingredient *stat* or require something special like their amazing Mediterranean olive selection, I'm staying far, far away.
5	My neighborhood grocery store and you can't beat it. It's recently renovated and it seriously HEAVEN for a grocery store. A Starbucks, fountain sodas, a bakery, make-your-own-peanut butter-station (seriously), Sushi Bar plus two of the best kept secrets in the Valley... the sandwich station, pizza bakery and salad bar station. You can get a Build-Your-Own pizza and salad for $4.99. That's UNREAL. And it's GOOD. Both are made to order (typically by Ross or Ricky) and they're generous and tasty.Same goes for the sandwich bar... lots of choices and fresh ingredients. I love (and crave) the California Dreamin' sandwich. Plus, buy 7 get the 8th free. All you have to do is swipe your Safeway card and it keeps track for you. The Safeway "Eating Right" brand is our favorite.. wonderful pita chips and tons of discounted healthy options.Love it!
3	Safeway is okay. Pretty pricy for just a normal grocery store but i like the layout of the store so I keep going back.
4	Our favorite local grocery store. Always clean and will have whatever you need. The only problem we see is every now and then the produce is a little past ripe. Great flower shop with very helpful florist.
4	I know what you're thinking. Why a review on Safeway? Why, Lindsey!? Well, I'll tell you why. In fact, I will only talk about the reason I'm writing this review. This Safeway has a nut bar. I'm serious...a NUT BAR. I'm talking about a whole round island with rows of nuts -- almonds, walnuts, pecans, I think I saw some candied ones...all fresh nuts that you can purchase by the pound. That's just nuts right? This Safeway is definitely one step above any other Safeway in the area and between things like the nut bar and extensive deli, bakery and meat department...it's a Safeway I choose over all others if I'm in the area.
3	This grocery store is clean and a fairly good size. Floral, produce, meat, seafood, wine section, cheese section, yadda, yadda.  However, I agree with Kristi D:  it seems as though I -- in my comfy weekend pants and Skechers flip flops -- didn't get the same service as the rich ladies in designer jeans and $800.00 Louboutins. Hey people, my money spends the same way. One guy in the meat department was helpful -- I was looking for chicken, which he was stocking...so at least one person didn't mind my ponytail and simple weekend attire. The only reason I'll come to Safeway are for those things which cannot be found at Trader Joe's, and that I don't want to buy in bulk at Sam's. I spent probably 150% of what I would have spent at TJ's...even with their special card. So basically, it works when I have no other choice. There's no reason to spend so much money when you can get the same things for less elsewhere.
5	I have to say, this is probably one of the nicest Safeway stores I have ever been to. One of it's shining features is their deli department. It's a great place to stop for lunch. On the spot, they can make you salad, pizza and sandwiches or you can get one of their well made deli items.  Plus, the staff is always really nice here and the store always seem really clean.
4	The deli sandwiches are outstanding!  The pizza area that has been removed was outstanding!  Overall the quality of the store is outstanding.  Beware of expired milk, diary, and baby food products on the shelf.  Not always a problem, but alway check the expiration date.  I have gotten expired products upon returning home or within a day or two.  I watch closely now.  Overall a great store otherwise.
4	Wherever you go, there is a Safeway - yet this was in particular a great one. They had a great selection of gourmet foods, drinks and quality foods. We came in search of stocking our fridge. We discovered great craft beers, an olive bar, a wide selection of gourmet cheeses and crackers, champagne and fruit. Everything we needed to enjoy our vacation and time away from home in style.
5	This is one of my favorite Safeway locations anywhere in the Valley or anywhere in Arizona for that matter. I had a particularly good experience here today that I wanted to share. John manages the Liquor Department and my boyfriend and I went to get a bottle of Patron Silver so John came to help us. Not only did he unlock the cabinet but he explained to us that with the current sale not only would we get about $20 off our purchase but if we bought any combination of 6 bottles of any other wine or liquor we would get the lower price. We had NO idea you could combine the bottles of alcohol for a lower price! Even though we frequent this location, we also didn't realize the cellar had high dollar wine & liquor including Absinthe which was also on sale and part of the mix and match sale!This particular Safeway has one of the largest wine and liquor selections in the Valley and also has some of the best prices because of it's location. John answered every question we had including what types of alcohol are best mixed together and how different types of liquor and wines are made. His knowledge was incredible and he treated every customer he saw with a very pleasant and professional demeanor. He made us feel like celebrities!I have always preferred this Safeway over any other I have ever visited but now, after our experience with John and his help showing us how to really save when we shop, this Safeway has two very dedicated customers!
3	I try to limit my marketing to Arizona markets (Sprouts, Basha's, AJ's) but I needed wine and Total Wine had already closed so I had no choice but to pop in here.It's clean, good sized and they have a nice deli section. Their wine section is respectable enough, and I got a good bottle of Pinot Noir at a good price with my Safeway Club card. But I was jonesing for a red from South Africa or Central Otago so I was disappointed but not surprised.
4	While I think Safeway is a bit overpriced in comparison to Walmart or Fry's, this location makes the extra price worth it.  I come here for lunch regularly and their soups are almost always fresh, their pizza making station is fun and they use only the best ingredients for making sandwiches.  I highly recommend the chicken artichoke sammich, its the best!
5	This by far is the best Safeway location in the entire state!!The staff is phenomenal.  They are so friendly and Helpful.They always have all the specialty items that I need and have the best pricing.They have a fantastic organic line for almost everything which I love!!!
4	I work in the Biltmore area, and this has become my go-to for lunch. Seriously! Their deli is just fantastic - the turkey/bacon/avocado sandwich is really, really good. They also make panini's and other sandwiches to order. Nice topping choices on the sandwich bar from the traditional lettuce/tomato to the slightly more exotic like marinated fresh mozzarella and artichoke hearts. Also, use your club card and buy 7 sandwiches and you'll get one free. There's also a Starbucks right there in the store so you can get your latte on. One star off because the parking can be kind of limited at noon (apparently other people like the deli too.)
3	Safeway's an aesthetically pleasing, reliable store.  Unfortunately it's not on the list of healthy, organic grocery store chains.I love the floral department, but what's up with the rude, young florist.  A-TI-TUDE!!!
5	Big ol' shout out to Cynthia at Safeway today.  She saw me struggling and helped me do self-checkout all with a smile and a great customer service attitude even though it was "self check out" lol.  This safeway is clean, usually has most things in stock, has a great bread section and huge deli and fruit/veggie market.
5	The produce department is huge compared to our Safeway where we live! Also, the deli person was awesome. He let us try a slice of a ham and a cheddar horseradish cheese that was wonderful.  Of course, we then purchased the ham and cheese!
2	Safeway, I swear.  If you didn't have that bakery this would be a one-star review.2 issues:When did it become impossible to get meat sliced at the deli counter?  I am so tired of arguing with the deli counter workers over slicing meat when I order.  They ALWAYS want to sell me a bag of dried-out cold cuts that have been sitting in an open tub since they were sliced hours ago.  May I at least be offered a choice?  I am not normally one to make waves.  For a long time, I just said forget it, and didn't buy any lunch meat, thinking that this couldn't go on forever.  It has gotten worse, though.  I get major attitude from the counter workers when I express disinterest in the pre-cut meat.  If I wanted that, I'd go buy the Oscar-Meyer crap next to the dairy case.  I've had to walk away a couple times, rather than argue with the deli person.  To watch their facial expression change after asking if the meat could be sliced fresh...  it's like introducing yourself as a member of Al Queda.  You work in a deli.  It's your job to slice meat!  I just can't comprehend where the attitude is coming from.The other problem is the cashiers.  What is it about being a grocery store cashier that makes you think you are superior to the rest of the world?  I see this at many grocery stores, but the cashiers at this Safeway have a real problem with coupons.  I don't need the eye rolling and the heavy exhaling when I hand a cashier a coupon.  These people are paid by the hour and acting like I'm wasting their time.  It's really insulting.    I won't cite every example, but I've gotten everything from "you need to tell me that you're using coupons before I begin the transaction" (what???) to "that coupon is too wrinkled".  Safeway is a chain of stores owned by a corporation.  I KNOW this mouthy girl behind the register isn't the boss, and I'm CERTAIN she isn't the CEO of the company.  I need to be taking lip of of the checkout girl like I need to be eating stale lunch meat.Get your house in order, Safeway.
5	Living within walking distance, this is my go to store for most of our family's supplies, but I really enjoying coming here because of the clean floors, well stocked shelves and friendly staff.I highly recommend the flower shop, where I can always find a few helium balloons for my grand daughters! This last Friday we all came together, and I let THEM pick out a color...took awhile, and our host was so gracious and accommodating that I wanted to "tip" her, but this, evidently, is against store policy...oh, well.Yesterday, we ordered from the deli for a few fresh side dishes, and entered into a nice conversation about children. Friendly place, indeed, and never feel unwelcomed when we bring the little ones, or made to feel guilty when they spill or drop their snacks from the cart....OMG, come on kiddos!!We've always been a bit leary, however, with the kiddy carts parked outside, not knowing how clean they are, so we bring our two seat stroller, which works well for us as long as we're not doing a weeks worth of shopping!
5	The store layout was very customer friendly. The produce and meat both looked very fresh and well cared for. At check out the bagger, Jami M, discovered that my milk had a small leak and brought it to my attention. She saved the day!
1	I have to argue with the deli counter workers every single time I want meat cut.  When did this become an issue? If cutting meat is not your job, what is?Tired of this!
