4	Found these guys outside of Khoury's during one of their wine-tasting nights, and let me tell you, I'm glad that I did! The two owners were both there, and are both very friendly guys. The services is fast and timely, and the food was great! They specialize in east-coast deli style sandwhiches and seasoned waffle fries, and keep their menu simple with about 5 sandwhich options and several seasoning options for their waffle fries. I had a sandwhich with breaded chicken, provolone, and homemade bolognese sauce on a toasted garlic hero, which I personally found to be delicious and hearty. The cajun ranch waffle fries were equally tasty and complimented sandwhich well. They also had a lobster salad sandwhich with avocado, grilled chicken sandwhiches with salami and a variety of cheeses, as well as a couple of breaded chicken sandwhich options, and a meatball sandwhich option with friend mozarella sticks in the sandwhich (which I was definitely debating on getting instead of the one i got).Also, they appearently change up their menu weekly, which should keep their menu fairly interesting.These guys aren't re-inventing the wheel here with the food-truck craze; what they are doing is providing fast, convinient, well-priced, tasty sandwhiches.All in all, If you're looking for something tasty, convinient, a bit different than what you might find at most places, and fairly inexpensive, I would definitely give these guys a try.
5	We visited Khoury's on a Wednesday evening beer tasting night to check out the new Tenaya Creek Oktoberfest.  As we sipped our tasty brews we noticed people enjoying an extra cheesy and goopy mess of fries.  We wandered outside to find the Coast 2 Coast food truck.  The menu is small, but hard hitting with a flavor packed punch.  C2C was in on the Oktoberfest theme as well, by featuring special offerings smothered in Oktoberfest Beer Cheese!  The Oktoberfest specials included the Santa Fe sandwich with grilled chicken, jalapeno, caramelized onions, chipotle mayo and a generous dousing of that fan-freaking-tastic Oktoberfest Beer Cheese.  And then the Loaded Fries Special is made with generously sized waffle fries, which are perfect for holding on to the delectable decoration of gooey Oktoberfest Beer Cheese, real bacon, fresh parsley, and a choice of ranch, BBQ ranch, wasabi ranch sauces.In addition to the high quality food truck nummy nums, the guys are awesome.  It was a 2 man operation whipping up fresh orders just for you.  You would think it would take a while for individual freshly made orders, but no these guys are hustling and they make it look effortless.  They even brought my food to me!  The guy remembered me and came to find me in the store to hand deliver my order.  Now, that is spectacular 5 star service!
1	Food Truck?? 1st off its a trailer which in my case doesn't count as a traditional food truck.I don't recommend Coast to Coast simply because of the bad chicken I ate..The sandwich was eh, & the chicken made me feel sick right after.Since its new I'm sure they are working some kinks out but I don't see myself eating here again..  Do not recommend.
5	the San Fran sandwich is sooooo goood. if you love chicken like i do this is the sanwich to get.Chicken, bacon, cheese, thousand island dressing, lettice, tomato.they put a lot of chicken in the sandwich as well.$8 bucks well spent.
5	visited on 12/10/12 & 12-/12/12.  My original review was "filtered" by Yelp. So I deleted it and reposted this. I've visited Coast2Coast on a few occasions.  I've tried several different sandwiches, all of which have been huge portions for a lunch, especially with the seasoned waffle fries.  "The Brooklyn" is a pastrami, grilled onions, swiss, coleslaw, on marbled garlic rye with 1000 island dressing.  Hot, toasty, melty, meaty, sandwich awesomeness.  I enjoy the cajun waffle fries along side.  The guys cooking the food are friendly & professional.  I've not had any negative issues at any visits. Fast service, great food, full belly, only thing was going back to work from such a filling lunch.
5	We first tried C2C at the Las Vegas Distillary. And what a nice surprise. The food was off the hook and the guys were awesome as well. Very friendly and helpful. The portions are huge and  delicious. Would recommend them to anywone and have. I had the Memphis and it was the best tasting and moist pork I have ever had, Was telling everyone around me to try it. It is that good. Looking forward to trying theit other sandwiches as well. Thank you guys for a wonderful yummu sandwich. And being so friendly !!!!!
3	Breakdown of Coast 2 Coast (Food Truck): FOOD: Loaded Philly (NY Strip and Ribeye, Calico Brown Ale Beer Cheese, Caramelized Onion, Bacon, Scallion, and Ranch) - The sandwich was pretty good except it didn't look anything like a Philly cheesesteak. since beef was shredded to the point where it looked like ground beef.  I didnt get a lot of the cheese sauce or ranch so the sandwich was a little on the dry side.Loaded Fries (Calico Brown Ale Beer Cheese, Bacon, Ranch, and Sallions) - good!! but the waffle fries definitely a little more time to crisp up.  SERVICE: When I went to their truck their menu is a little confusing when it comes to the side items.  The Loaded Fries are really waffle fries which was awesome but I wish they would print it as Loaded Waffles Fries.  When the guy repeated our ordered, we ended up changing the side items because he had to explain the difference when there really was no difference... so needless to say it was one of those conversation that started kind of nowhere and ended nowhere.  But he was really nice about it ...
5	Yumm!! I have eaten Coast2Coast's food on several occasions. Their sandwiches are delicious and I really like the bread they use. My favorite item to order is the loaded fries: waffle fries covered in cheese, bacon, ranch and scallions...it really is the perfect cheat meal/snack.The staff on their trailer is always really nice and friendly too. Thanks C2C! xoxo
3	Another food truck on campus? Another reason to not trek over to UNLV's SU?Managed to find my niece in the midst of the between-classes and wanted to share lunch with her... There really isn't a line, however make sure you're not standing there behind people who are just waiting for their food. This probably could be worked out better, but there's only one window where the order goes in and out of the food trailer. Tried the Greenwich, Rosemary&Salt&Pepper Seasoned waffle fries The sandwich had a lot of flavors going on, but was still delicious and kinda huge. I'm glad I was sharingThe seasoned waffle fries were a nice spin from Carl Jrs.'s waffle fries, with a hint of rosemary which I really liked. I'll have to try the other sandwiches, but noticed that the other reviews stated little meat.
3	I'm a fan of food trucks (but this is really a trailer) and I'm a fan of UNLV, so I'm willing to support food trucks on campus.  Today, the trailer was parked outside the CBC across from Sin City Wings.I couldn't decide what to order on the menu; everything sounded so delicious!  My friend and I settled on the Santa Fe (NY steak with grilled onions, jalapenos, and chipotle mayo).  Although, I really wanted to try the Bloody Bay since it had jerk chicken and mango salsa on it.  I also got the loaded fries (waffle fries topped with truffle oil, parmesan, bacon, and scallions).  Sandwich was $7 and the fries were $5.If I was rating this experience on food alone, I would've easily given Coast 2 Coast 4 stars.  The fries were perfectly cooked and smothered in delicious rich goodness.  I would highly recommend sharing them since they're so rich and covered in velvety cheesy goodness.  The chipotle mayo had a tame kick and the random bites of jalapeno were juicy and added the right amount of heat to the sandwich.  The hero/sub/hoagie/whatever-you-call-it was soft and held the sandwich together well.HOWEVER, they lost a star for service.  We were order #55, and we watched customer after customer get called before us.  They kept reassuring us our order was coming out soon, but then they'd hand out more sandwiches and fries to people who ordered after us.  10 minutes and 9 customers later, our sandwiches and fries came out - no explanation provided.  We got our food after order #64 came out.  That irked me.I'd try this place again, but with hesitancy due to my experience.
2	I was excited to try C2C, however it was pretty disappointing. My fries were undercooked, cold and I'm pretty sure I ordered waffle fries but received regular fries. I don't think I will trying C2C again. Not really impressed.
2	If this truck had a theme it would be scallions. I ordered a Phil a Delph I think it was called. Ok flavors but nothing WOW about it. I asked for no scallions but to after a nice wait  I saw a green cheesesteak headed my way. Yes that many scallions. The waffle fries with buffalo sauce and crumbled blue cheese were decent, also loaded with scallions. I felt like a judge on iron chef but I was the loser.
4	I had the chance to try this place the other day on UNLV  campus. I ordered the Bloody Bay and it was so yummy!Prices weren't too bad and service was quick! Definitely, going back to try some of the loaded waffle fries!
5	I always see the food trucks on campus, but didn't buy any food. I was always a little skeptical about food trucks. Am I glad I threw that out the window?! Yes! A friend and I stop by in between classes because they said they love vegetarians, and I was hoping they had something good and tasty. The guy at the register let me know of different options that I could order without meat. There were 4  guys working and they were super cool and cracked me up here and there. I ordered the Greenwich as a salad and not sandwich. It was so good! The avocado ranch dressing made the salad along with the caramelized onions, melted swiss, huge tomato slices and toasted bread. I also ordered waffle fries with cajun seasoning which were bomb as well. My plan was to eat half then, save the rest for later. Did that happen? No. The food was too good to stop. And you can't beat the price. I ordered the salad with fries and a drink and the was the best $10 spent.I'll be back to order more and indulge!
4	I got the Bloody Bay (Jerk Chicken with Pepper Jack and Mango Bean Salsa) with Lavender and Sea Salt waffle fries and a can of soda for $10.  I am a fan!
2	$10 for a sandwich and a bottle of water is slightly higher that what I was to expect from a food cart; especially if you've been to Portland and have seen their pricing and tasted the quality.  The first sandwich I had was absolute crap; the beef was dry and the micro greens didn't go with the sandwich.  However, weeks later I tried their "GreenBay", which had a scant amount of ingredients, but tasted pretty good.  The fact that it came with waffle fries brought my rating from a two-star to a three.  In general, they should be buying and making fresh food; I simply couldn't taste the freshness!
4	Had the Santa Fe  with sweet Fries ...So good
3	Food trucks in Vegas have some of the yummiest concoctions out there. I spotted the C2C truck parked right outside the Lied Library on UNLV Campus. I looked at their menu and I was going to order The Bronx but they had a special menu and it was advertising The Montana sandwich. The Montana was made up of  chopped up NY strip, crispy onions, I think it had bacon and it was described to have a special ranch sauce. The bread was not that fresh. My hoagie was hard on the edges and soggy from humidity, really dry. The sandwich barely had any eat, it was like smeared on. The onions were really nice and crunchy but I did not taste any sort of ranch. It tasted like an over powering blue cheese, I am a blue cheese fan but this over powered the whole sandwich. I went for the meal which came with waffle fries and a can of soda for $10. I am not cheap at all but I thought it was a bit pricey for what it was. The waffle fries were off the hook though, best waffle fries I have ever had! I really see me giving C2C another try for their loaded waffle fries but I was kinda disappointed on the sandwich, not going to lie.
4	This place was awesome. Great food with a great price! Came here to grab a quick bite before class and was surprised by the great quality of the food. Has a great variety of food and the fries are awesome!! I would highly recommend this place.
4	I was not terribly impressed with their food, but I will give them another chance because of their service.I ordered a Montana (plus loaded fries and a drink, $3+$2 upsize). It comes with whatever fancy name for beef they have, some crispy onions, blue cheese, and a strangely orange BBQ sauce. The woman before me ordered a Montana but asked for no bleu cheese. I did not make the same request. When I realized that I didn't see or taste any sort of cheese in my sandwich, I was pretty disappointed and brought it back to the pickup window.The guy at the window acknowledged my complaint, and instead of adding bleu cheese (which I later found out was because it was "melted" into the sandwich), he got a brand new sandwich made for me, free of charge (and some extra fries apparently). As I found out by taste-testing both sandwiches myself, they indeed were missing the cheese the first time.Just on the sandwich's merit, I would have given this place three stars because I would've liked more meat/filling and maybe a not so dry bun. Sad that these were both running themes at the festival today (see my Chi-Town Hustler review). The fries were good though, and the willingness to please the customer is important in any food service business. Big props for that.
4	Coast 2 Coast Food Truck is usually on UNLV campus which is great because that means I can walk to the food truck to get food from the library and not have to go very far.This food truck has a lot of delicious sandwich options, like my favorite the Ill-A-Delph, and sometimes they have new sandwich specials. Sometimes they have issues though like running out of certain sandwich ingredients or no fries or can't take any credit cards.
1	I am late at posting this as I was waiting for my card to get charged to make sure I posted on the correct vendor's yelp; I cannot even remember how the food tasted because about a third of the way into my sandwich... I found a hair! I wouldn't post negative comments normally, but it was First Friday and I expect nothing but good things from all the truck vendors! Good clean food and exceptional service- that's what I want! Thoroughly disappointed!
1	There was no line. There were no orders.I ordered a gyro. It took 15 mins.It was 8 dollars and had almost no meat on it, though the meat was tasty. The cucumbers were not crisp and they tasted like they hadn't been washed. The pita was headed to being stale though had delicious flavor and crisp tomatoes.I am really sad, I was excited about the Sonoma Sandwich and I may give them another try but I am not happy at all this round.
