5	What a find! Intrigued by a LivingSocial deal, we discovered a foodie's wet dream. Although it's not the easiest place to find and a bit off the beaten path, Artisanal Foods is worth the trip. Open 7 days a week from 9am-5pm, this gourmet food shop runs a brisk wholesale business to many of the fine dining establishments in town and now to the individual retail customer as well. Food stuffs proffered run the gamut from gourmet preserves to morel mushrooms to whole lobes of foie gras to truffles in various forms and even entire legs of Iberico de bellota ham. Prices overall are commensurate with the high quality, but there are certain items which are very reasonably priced, i.e. truffle butter. As for areas of improvement, many items lack price tags and some prices are even incorrectly labeled. Nevertheless, the selection of high quality items and reasonable prices will keep us returning again soon, even without a coupon.
5	The Skinny: foodie porn for the fine dining crowd at extremely reasonable prices... and when I say reasonable, I mean it's almost f%$king ridiculous (5) service: excellent personal service, my only gripe was that they probably need to fix the price labels on some of the shelves because they are outdated (invariably cheaper than the listed price though!) (5), Value: Stocking truffles, Iberico ham, preserves, all the little doodads to convert your kitchen into a molecular gastronomy lab? Absolutely priceless. (5!)We've been meaning to come here for a while after reading about this store in a news article many months back. We heard that they obtain the best of the best exotic items for all the fine dining establishments in town. When we saw a livingsocial deal, we totally jumped on board to check what this place is all about.When I walked in I was impressed. I mean when you look around store, there are massive paper bags with labels like "Guy Savoy" on them waiting to be delivered.I wouldn't say this is your ordinary grocery store by any means so leave your grocery list at home. They stock hard to find items like fresh wasabi root, vanilla beans from like 4 different countries, exotic anchovies, olives, oils and vinegars. Not to mention, duck breasts and foie gras piled high in the refrigerator. Up on the shelf, they also had an array of different additives (like agar,etc.) used in a molecular gastronomy kitchen. Have a sweet tooth? There are a large variety of gourmet organic preserves, honeys and spreads.Best of all was their charcuterie selection. OMG! They stock Iberico ham... as in the whole freaking leg. Iberico ham is the pride of Spain and is arguebly one of the finest hams in the world. The heritage organic pigs gorge themselves on acorns during the fall season, permeating their fat with delicious sweet nutty flavour. After curing for two years, voila! it's now here at this awesome little shop.Ordinarily, at a restaurant, a couple ounces will set you back $40. Here, try $39 a pound (you have to buy like a 5 pound slab though). Luckily for their retail customers, they have little 2 oz. packages which will only set you back $7.50 (although it is the tenderloin portion... a little less fatty than the leg meat but still!). Is this a deal or what?They also carried a variety of truffle butters. Normally, at Whole Foods a small 3oz container will set you back over $10. Here, it's only $4.65. Say what? you heard me... more than half freaking price!We also tried some organic, pectin free, sugar free gourmet jam (wild currant, fyi) for a $5.80.Artisanal Foods, where have you been all my life? I think I'm in love. 5 starred review.
4	This place looked really awesome and I wanted to go in and take a look. There are many fine ingredients around that I cannot find elsewhere such as truffle butter, certain Japanese tea and coffee presses and meats as desirable as Jamon Iberico. Pretty awesome!
4	A great little place to find some things you don't really need, but you're going to buy anyway because they are super awesome.The store isn't large, but they do have a well-rounded selection and everything is high quality.  Lots of olive oils, balsamic vinegars, loose teas, jellies, and finishing salts.  I saw enormous tubs of truffle butter, truffles, and truffle slicers.  There were several types of cheese and a large selection of fancy meats.  Being a non-meat eater I honestly didn't look to see what they had.  Sorry I can't fill you in!Prices are good for what you are buying and a few things were actually cheaper than what I can find at the grocery store.  I ended up walking away with a tin of organic thyme ($3), a large bag of bay leaves ($3), and a jar of fancy green olives with lemon and fennel ($5).A lot of their products are organic, the chocolate is fair-trade, and bonus points for having Seafood Watch cards at the register.
5	Amazing selection, quality and friendly staff too!
5	Bacalao, Ortiz tuna, insanely delicious chocolate, spices, coffee, olives.   If you're a foodie, this is a treasure.  If you don't know Brett, you should.  And if you really want a treat, head to the Downtown 3rd Farmers Market where he's cooking -- he doesn't at the store (except on special occasions) - and it's such a treat.  Today's special:  Bacalao and Heirloom Tomato on Bon Bread baguette.  I died and went to heaven.  What the name didn't say was that it was loaded with lemon - fresh and preserved, shallots, parsley.  Such a perfect summer lunch.Bless you.
5	$32/lb grade A fois, presliced grade B as wellinsane saffron jamon iberico de bellota - great pricesThe owner is very knowledgeable and extremely nice.A great store for restaurants and home chefs.
4	I have been wanting to check this place out ever since I heard about it. I finally made my way over there yesterday. It's a foodie's heaven. Though it is small, they have a nice selection of hard to find top end ingredients.I picked up black garlic, squid ink, black mustard seeds, cured iberico pork, and some raspberry honey.While I loved looking through their selection of delights, I was not as impressed with their customer service. I tried to pay in cash. They didn't have change so the clerk went next door to ask for change, then looked in her person for change. I said I could pay with credit card if that was easier for them. She looked grateful and said that would be better. But she had trouble getting that to work and then once she got it set up said she had to print the receipt on the printer in the back room. It took a good ten minutes to get checked out on my handful of items.However, I don't know a better place to get these types of ingredients so still giving Artisanal Foods four stars. If you are a foodie and like to cook, you definitely have to check it out!
5	This little shop is wonderful. I live a few hours from Vegas and swing through town a few times a year to shop and eat. This place has now become one of my required stops. Not only do they have stuff that is hard to come by in my smaller city, they have stuff that is hard to come by anywhere. Many of the ingredients I've been mail-ordering are available here at for less money! Canary Islands octopus, magret duck breast, any form of Spanish ham you could want (and lardo!), inexpensive spices, good white balsamic, etc.. If you like food, you should stop by sometime.
5	Im a cali girl.....grabbed me an $80 piece of foie gras to take back to my tree hugging hippee anti- foie gras state! yay, cant wait to consume again...i bet it will taste extra great because its now stigma in cali! woot woot!
5	Awesome shop for the Foodie! The owner, Brett, took time to take us around the shop and introduce us to so many great gourmet items.
5	I love this place. First thing to keep in mind is that they sell everything in the store to the high end restaurants on the strip. It is how they can keep their prices so low for the quality of the item. If Brett is there ask him to go over the olive oils with you and tell you which restaurants buy which oils. We are talking the best chefs in the world....also I believe they provide about 90% of the Foie Gras to the strip as well....which means for you it is fresh AND reasonably priced. If that is not enough Brett is the leader of the movement trying to get Raw Milk legalized in Nevada, He is truly a good guy.
5	Burrata! After Whole Food stopped selling because they could not sell fast enough before the shelf life, I didn't know where to buy.... until now! Artisianal Foods do not stock this regularly but they can order in for you. The cheese is hit and miss but I guess it's not really Artisanal Food's fault. In each container, there are two pieces of cheese soaking in liquid. 65-75% of each piece is amazing soft, but the remaining portion is lumpy and hard... still good but not the consistency I'm used to for burrata. Besides special ordering the cheese, I usually peruse the store for new and fun foods to try. I've of course bought the truffle butter, and some other things here and there. Def a place for foodies! If you are looking for something you can't find, I think more than likely they can find it and order in for you.
5	Foie gras (fresh and frozen), Winter truffles, truffle butter, and wagyu beef.  Need I say more?Super friendly and knowledgeable staff obviously researched and understand their wide variety of products were very helpful.  The store front is clean, well organized and very easy to find (short drive from the strip next to the airport).  Pricing is very very very competitive.No more mail order foie gras from the east coast for me.  Simply Awesome.This will be a regular stop for me on every Vegas visit.
5	When the Misdirected State of California banned the sale of Foie Gras in 2012, it became a passion of mine to find stores through out the other 49 states that sell this delicacy..Luckily while on vacation in the Las Vegas area recently, I discovered a quaint little specialty food shop named Artisanal Foods, just minutes outside the airport.    Artisanal Foods is small in size but carry a Huge and Fantastic Selection of Imported and Domesticated Specialty Foods.     From Foie Gras to Seasonings to Cuts of Beef..This store is a Haven for People looking for items not found in traditional or Whole Paycheck grocery stores. The customer service is above reproach and the prices are very good for the quality of the products. I am a novice in the gourmet food area and all my purchases are for my family's enjoyment. Stop by this establishment and you to and amazed at the selection.. We definitely well be returning when we visit the Las Vegas area again.
4	Great place to get fois gras and at a great price.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.  Great specialty items and a lot of really high-quality charcuterie.  Very recommended for any serious chef or foodie to shop at.
3	I'm not a fancy chef, by any means, but I do cook dinner for the fam every night, and I'm always interested in ways to spice up my offerings. Basically, I came to Artisanal Foods out of curiosity. I figured its close to the house, so I can stop by and browse the shop, maybe find a cool product or two. My first thought when I walked in was, "this is it?" There is a shelf against two walls displaying everything from oils and vinegars to tea and spices. As others have stated (and the very friendly employees), they have done a lot of research into every product. That is probably why there isn't a huge selection; they just picked a couple of the best for you. Other than the two shelves, there are a couple freezer cases of duck, rabbit, crawfish. I didn't see any beef today, but the selection seems to rotate quite frequently. They did have one small refrigerator case of charcuterie-style meats and cheeses. I say small because there were only two cheeses in there! (In fairness, there were about 6 different chorizos). Prices were reasonable: $11 for fancy balsamic vinegar, $8 each for 1/4 pound of the meats. A main part of their business seems to be special order/distribution, so if you're throwing a fancy dinner party, this is prob a good place to stop in and talk to somebody.I like supporting local business, and it's close to my house, but otherwise it's easier to go to Whole Foods for a full selection if groceries. FYI, no alcohol here.
5	Place is amazing!  Rick was so helpful and knowledgeable as was Mitchell.  This place is a gold mine for any true foodie!  Fois Gras, wagyu, top the list ... Prices are fair!And let's be clear this ain't no Trader Joes!
5	I went here for the third time and am happier with the products and selection each time.  They are the only place I know where you can get the Cinco Jotas Jamon Iberico, which I much prefer over the Fermin.  The pricing for the Jamon was substantially less than what I had seen when browsing online for the 5J.  I was educated on several other items by the friendly staff and ended up buying much more than I needed.  Small store but full of gourmet items you can't get anywhere else.  Living in the NW, I give the Sunset and Eastern location one star but worth the trip.I was also informed on all the events I had missed out on so be sure and ask to be on their e-mail list to get updates on upcoming events.
5	Since the foie gras ban went into place in California...this is my go to place for foie and specialty food items.Get the pre-cut individually packaged pieces of foie from La Belle Farms. Thaws fast and is excellent for several months in the freezer.When you get it home, put the individually wrapped pieces in a bowl of warm water and freeze the rest for later.  In about 10 minutes it will be thawed.  Put it back in the fridge for a few mins to help it be more firm for cooking.Cut it out of the package, score it, salt and pepper it and sear it on high heat.  It should only take a minute or so per side.  Put it on a freshly toasted piece of brioche and serve it with a red currant jelly or something like that.  Wow!Feel free to message me if you want some ideas or tips.The rest of the store has about anything a foodie chef could dream of.  Botique salumi, olive oils, pickled stuff and fine meats.  Make a stop here and check it out.
5	Brett is one of a kind!  Generous with his knowledge and passion for fine foods.  This is an absolute must for anyone loves a total food experience!  I feel like after my two visits there I should get 10 units of college credit from the "Culinary Cooking Institute of Paris".  Simply amazing!Prices are more than fair for the amazing selection of gourmet foods.
5	How has it taken me so long to discover this place? We were in search of foie gras and did we ever hit the jackpot by discovering Artisanal Foods. A small shop located near the airport that basically has every high end foodie flavor that you can imagine. Foie gras by the pound already sliced and ready to cook or the entire duck liver that you can prepare yourself. Looking for a rare spice or a something to spice up your cooking and make it gourmet, come by and get some herbs/spices/salts like saffron, peppercorn, sea salts, allspice and more. They also have a nice selection of charcuterie and salamis including iberico hams. I will definitely have to go back to try some of their caviars and pick up some truffle and truffle oils. And if I ever want fresh wasabi root, I know where to go. Thanks Artisanal Foods!
1	On our way home to LA, we stopped by this store at 4:55 p.m. to pick up some foie gras. When we arrived, the store was dark and looked like it had been closed for quite some time despite its posted sign that they don't close until 5:00 p.m. We were so disappointed that the store would close so much earlier than it advertised and caused us to drive there for nothing.
5	I actually have to make an effort to stay out of this place or I'll keep dropping money!  Everything I've purchased so far, and I mean EVERYTHING is out of this world, you can really taste the difference in quality.  So far, I'm hooked on this cheese that they sell, a cheddar and parm mix.  Also have an incredible Jerky as well.
5	Hard to find items, especially if you're coming from Cali'I was a bit hesitate to purchase since my flight had a near 3 hour layover in LAX. The insulated bag was perfect to keep the items cool during the whole trip. Thanks to Will and his exceptional service; also for hooking us up with a few ice packs as well. A definite plus that it is nearby to the airport so that I was able to 'grab and go.' I will definitely be back in the later future when I got a bit more time on my hands to look around.
5	I feel like a dork.  I worked literally across the tarmac in the cargo area and always saw the Artisanal Food-mobile all the time.  Now I know why.  They are always picking up their fresh cargo.  I really have been missing out.  I didn't know what to expect.  I thought it was a deli at first.  LOL, that is so wrong.  Thing of this place as a high end grocery store of all your high end and unique products.  We finally made the trip here because someone mentioned they had Foie Gras here.  Let met tell you, they sure got it here, and by the pounds.  Super score!  Black garlic that should be sold in bigger bags, Truffle Pate, aged meat,  and all sorts of olive oils and cheeses...the stuff you order at high end restaurants, yup, you might find it here.   One thing I was super excited about, I found Yuzu here.  May not be something you like, but I did my happy dance when I came across it.  Will was very helpful and was enthusiastic about everything in the store.  Everything we looked at he gave us some ways to cook it and/or told us how easy it was to prepare.  He lets us sample some of the cheese they had too.  My chef hat was practically growing on my head.  Well, Thats why I scored this place with 5 stars.  It really is a gem.  Staff and products!
5	The place to go if you want to buy foie gras.  Very close to McCarran Airport.  They'll even pack it for you for your flight.  About $40 per pound.
5	If you're a chef or a home chef or wanna be chef. This place is for you, a gourmet mecca. From Iberico ham, cuitlacoche, truffles to caviar. They have everything. If you were looking for that hard to find ingredient it's probably here.
5	The guys running this little shop are wholly dedicated to their craft and are so genuine and enthusiastic about food and all its related pleasures that it's infectious. I got excited the more I talked to them.This is a shop of limited quantity, high quality foods, and it caters very well to folks in the food industry, or serious food lovers. "Well curated" is a term that comes to mind when I walked in. Pok Pok drinking vinegars, Benton's country ham, the full range of caviars, and fresh and frozen foie gras in assorted grades and packaging to suit home enthusiasts and professionals alike. Be ready to drop some coin if you're really serious. There may be only one chunk of waygu beef available, and it's so perfectly marbled, but there's no way in hell you can request to have a quarter pound of it to try out. Nope. It's 14 pounds and $100/pound. Take it or leave it. We actually gave it some thought... that would be pretty baller, huh.Every item this shop sells, the guys here can talk about in incredible detail. They sell it because they love it and have cooked with it themselves. That's why it's here. Very conveniently located to the airport, it's perfect to hit up prior to a flight home. It's not a place you'll ever randomly come across and the shop itself is quite nondescript. We only spent about $200 on some super yummy stuff, but the conversation and knowledge exchange was priceless. Big fan!
5	The items found in Artisanal Foods can only be found elsewhere in Vegas in the highest dollar chefs restaurants.  Now you are able to try your hand at either making that perfect Iberico and cheese platter, or completely destroy a Foie Gras seared Wagyu ribeye in your own kitchen.  When I went many months ago the staff member she uh, well she seemed very new.  I'm sure the manager or owners are an inconceivable wealth of information.  Hopefully they will be there to assist next time I choose to go. -There is Osetra Royal Black Caviar by the ounce or even by the 1/4 ounce.  -There are black truffle (at times) and also a 1lb tube of truffle butter which comes in handy. -Wagyu in individually prepackaged frozen steaks. -They even had the aquarium favorite, Lion Fish fillet(famous from Deuce Bigalow Male Gigolo).  -Duck or goose foie in frozen whole, canned or bottled versions - you sick bastards.  -A variety of imported spanish or spanish style dried sausages and everything else that Montgomery Burns would send Smithers to fetch to feed the hounds.  So if you're feeling a bit Richie Rich & want to step up this weeks groceries you would basically need to throw on a top-hat, stop in here and throw down the hundreds.
4	A small specialty grocery store with mostly high-end (and high-priced) goods, but their knowledgeable and friendly staff set it apart from others. Unfortunately, I did not catch the name of the bespectacled gentleman who helped me, but he schooled me on all things caviar-related: they have a special caviar refrigerator on the counter but stock larger jars, frozen and seasonal. The smaller jars are kaluga, since beluga is illegal in the US. The frozen type is harvested in spring and fall. I could go on, but go visit in person and let him show you his magic in person.Other awesome things in stock here include duck, lion fish, black garlic, and both french and russian blini!
5	For a store so small, it offers a lot more than meets the eye. This place carries a wide array of fresh, unique ingredients that you can find at some restaurants on The Strip such as Jaleo, Sushi Roku, Giada's, Julian Serrano and Bazaar Meat, just to name a few.And the prices are reasonable. Especially when you're shopping for high quality products ranging from honey and truffle to chorizo and foie gras. They carry a lot of unique items from a lot of different vendors that you probably wouldn't have seen or heard about anywhere in Vegas.I spoke with the lady who rung up my items at the end and she informed me that the store originated from being a distributor that catered to some of Vegas' finest restaurants. It's great that they finally decided to open up a small store for the locals to whip up their favorite recipes with the same touch as their favorite chefs. I'll definitely be visiting back again and again.
4	Great little gourmet store in a strip mall near the airport in Vegas. The selection is not huge but the staff there knew about every single product on the shelves. I stopped in to pick up some picnic items and ended up with a jar of jam for $12 and some other gourmet picnic items. if it hadn't been so hot I would've really went after the foie gras which I can't get in California... Next time I'm bringing an ice chest so I can get it back home!
5	Oh. My. God.   Ive died and gone to foodie heaven.  This shop has tons of stuff your local grocery store has never heard of and that maybe whole foods might be able to special order for you.  Tons of charcuterie, great chocolates, loose teas, and very specialized items.. Don't expect to get eggs and milk along with your wagyu.  The guy working when I stopped in was beyond helpful... I wish I had more time to chit chat about salami and what not.  and super plus... for being so specialized prices are not bad...
5	Eexelent store and very helpful owners. We went there on our way back to LA and picked up a few items. Everything was top quality.
5	What a gem! Somewhat recently, I was talking with a foodie friend of mine about how much I sorely missed foie gras (we live in California). She informed me that she and her mom sometimes bring back fresh foie driving home from Vegas - storing it in a cooler, on ice. I decided to give it a shot. My mother, who also loves her foie, was down. I found Artisanal Foods through a quick online search, did a bit of research on it, and was sold. We opted to go there on our way home.Artisanal Foods is located in a small shopping center, right by the airport. And as other reviews mentioned, the store is pretty small. But it's a great place with all kinds of foodie treats - truffles, escargot, yuzu, beautifully marbled beef, cheese and, of course - treasure chests (fridges and freezers) filled with to the brim with giant lobes and slices of foie gras. I didn't catch the name of the girl helping us yesterday, but she was wonderful and super knowledgable. She really knew her stuff. She presented us with two foie options: frozen, yet sliced, deveined, and ready to cook, or entire fresh livers (which required deveining). Since my mom was the one buying, she decided to go the hardcore route and buy the whole fresh liver. I also got a really great and highly recommended Spanish cheese.Even better was that their foie provider is none other than La Belle Farms (there's a great article about their ethical foie gras production, you can read it here: http://www.seriouseats.com/2010/12/the-physiology-of-foie-why-foie-gras-is-not-u.html). I do love animals as well as meat, so I try my best to be as ethical as I can with my meat choices - Hudson Valley and La Belle are the only two farms I buy/order foie gras from. Major props to Artisanal Foods for supporting farms like La Belle.Whether you're a local or just passing through, this shop is most definitely worth a stop. I highly recommend it!
