5	I am thrilled that we have so many new lunch options here on Mill Avenue.  After the deserved demise of Uno's & several other local eat haunts, the recent resurgence of restaurants (Regions is back, 5 Guys Burgers & Fries just opened, and now this) tickles my belly to no end!Jimmy John's lives up to it's tag line so far, "World's Greatest Gourmet Sandwiches, Since 1983".  I believe they opened yesterday or over the weekend, but we tried them today for lunch for the first time and MAN-OH-MAN, am I happy!!I went right for the jugular (or large aorta, as it were) with "The J.J. Gargantuan".  Billed as "...huge enough to feed the hungriest of all humans...", this sandwich supreme sated my hunger like no other.  Like most JJ's sandwiches it's served on a deliciously toasty french bread (read hoagie roll), that was perfectly moist on the inside yet flaky crusty on the outside.  This king-sized concoction comes loaded with Genoa salami, smoked ham, capicola, roast beef, turkey & provolone.  I got mine with lettuce, tomato, extra mayo and peppers (like a hoagie should be eaten).  It was AMAZING!I also ordered a large coke (yes, they have Cherry Coke!!), a pickle (not just a spear, but a HUGE billyclub sized monster spliced in half) and JJ's own brand of Sea Salt & Vinegar chips.  All said (and remember -- I went large for lunch ladies & gents), it put me back a mere $11.69.  The pickle, chips & coke were all extras, so had I just gotten the sammie alone it would have only been $7.25 + tax.  My two petite co-workers went for the #4 Turkey Tom and they were both raving as well.  You can also get any of the sammies as "JJ Unwich" style, meaning no bread -- lettuce wrap.  Cool!Didn't try the cookies, but they  looked yummy.  You can also buy their day old bread for $0.49!  Fondue anyone?The staff was super friendly and lived up to the other JJ motto, "Subs so fast you'll freak!"We are DEF hitting Jimmy John's again soon!
5	Wow, were us mid-westerners excited to see Jimmy John's here in Tempe!  It's a staple in Michigan, and for a reason.  They do it right!I love the "Slim" options, which are plain subs without the meat ("Slim 6") or veggies for us picky ones.  I'm not sure what everyone else ordered because I was scarfing down mine...but all were happy!  Service was fast and friendly too.  Now, if only we get get some of the people chowing on burgers and fries next door at 5 Guys to come over and order a healthy sub instead!
5	I'm so happy that Jimmy John's has come to the Valley. They offer good sandwiches at good prices. I have been to JJ's many times in MN and this JJ's is just as good. I went there for lunch today and the place was busy but the staff didn't seem overwhelmed. I ordered a #4 Turkey with cheese and my sandwich was in my hands very quickly. The bread was nice and soft, the ingredients tasted fresh and it had just the right amount of mayo- not too much, not too little. And the sandwiches are an ample size - 8 inches. All together the sandwich and chips (no drink) came to just over $5. Almost a dollar less than Silver Mine subs (where I usually go). Sorry Silver Mine, I've got a new favorite sub shop. One downside - the place is tiny. Not many places to sit, especially if you are with a group of three or more.
2	Not a fan of Jimmy John's and find nothing gourmet about their sandwiches. The location on Mill has a bad set up. The door to the counter is only about 5 feet so when it gets busy customers try and pile in, then the people behind the counter are constantly yelling for them to move out of the doorway.. It's a mess. Also the seating is great for 1 or 2 people, but bring more than that and you are SOL. I really don't like that there is not 4" option, only 8". I'm not hungry enough to eat an 8" sub for lunch. I want options! I ordered the Italian night club and didn't read the menu close enough to see they include mayo on it. I HATE MAYO. My sub was drenched in mayo, seriously like a pond of mayo. Gross. I couldn't taste any vinaigrette. Who ever heard of putting mayo on an Italian sammy? I think I'll stick to Silver Mine should I need to get  my Mill sub fix on.
3	I don't get the hype of this place. I just don't get it at all. They have dry sandwiches served on bread that is not moist, but rather more like a store bought piece of french bread. It's totally average at best.
2	Jimmy John's was on campus today handing out free sandwiches, so I have to thank them for minimizing the disappointment I felt upon tasting their "tasty sandwiches."  It would have been much worse had I paid for it.  I had the #6 Vegetarian, which they claim is "Truly a gourmet sub not for vegetarians only."   "Not for vegetarians only"? In a sense they are right. They would be much better marketing it to an advanced-aged demographic that prefers food that has a certain blandness to it.  Most vegetarians, I think, would be turned off by the lack of flavor, wealth of iceburg lettuce, and cakes of mayo.  I guess the inclusion of sprouts on the sandwich entitles them to use the descriptive "gourmet."  Seriously though, if you want a vegetarian sandwich, skip this place.....Thanks for the freebie.
4	I was excited to see a Jimmy John's near campus because I thought it was an East Coast thing. That being said I went in today around 12:45. The place was packed and I thought I'd have to wait a few minutes for my sandwich but alas I was wrong. As soon as I received my receipt, my sandwich was being handed to me! Great service during a busy lunch rush which means I will definitely be going back!
4	OMG! I can't believe they opened a JJ's in Tempe!! I was so thrilled to see it while driving on Mill. This place used to be my fav spot when I was in Charleston, IL for high school.So I had to stop to just get the taste of home that I missed for so long (since 2005), and decided to order my usual, the Turkey Tom. The sandwich was simple, bread was soft, and ingredients were fresh!!! I just felt healthier than eating burger and fries. (btw, the Pepe is really good too!)Will definitely keep going back :)
5	I dont like to give 5 stars, but I think its about time that they finally made it out here! I grew up in Illinois and whether it was in my hometown, or when I was working in downtown Chicago, JJ's always hit the spot.The pricing is on par with many other places, but the food is tasier and there is more of it. Service is good, by the time I had filled my drink my sandwhich was done and ready to go. It may not be the end all be all of sandwhichery, but it is definately worth the trip in.
1	Went back today as I feel every place deserves a second chance. I was again irritated that the smallest sub I could order was an 8".  Also I verified on the VITO there is no mention of mayo on the menu,   it states it is served with Italian vinaigrette. I made sure to mention it to the girl behind the counter and she told me they put mayo on all their subs. I will not be back.
4	Decent price, decent size, great ingredients and great taste. This is so much better than Subway, Silver mine or any other quick sandwich place out here. Good to see this midwest staple finally arrive. Now all we need is good deep dish pizza and Italian beefs.
3	Jimmy John's is an interesting place. It's tucked in between the new Five Guys and the Fat Tuesday and they offer Free Smells. So at least there's that.The staff is exceedingly friendly and always greet you when you enter. You'll also notice that there's basically an entire starting lineup's worth of employees working back in the sandwich mines, to help live up to their slogan, "subs so fast, you'll freak."I have to say, I'd prefer "subs so delicious, you'll freak", but we can't win them all. Jimmy John's sandwiches are thoroughly mediocre. I've been there about five or six times now, and I'll keep going back, because they're very fast, they're next to my office, they're not insanely overpriced, and they're relatively light.The subs are just fine, but the non-club menu (the left side) is woefully underpowered in the meat department. I surmise it's about 1/8 lb of meat on an oversized sub roll that dwarfs your sandwich and makes you wonder where your $4 went. The clubs are twice that (1/4 lb) and a good deal more filling, but the sub roll is just insane. You could murder someone with this much dough, seriously.So I switched it up to the 7-grain. Better, but nothing to scream home about. (Like, for instance, the great molasses wheat at Paradise.) The meats are rather meh in quality, and there's just nothing special going on anywhere near these sandwiches. But they're fast, and they're there. So I'll keep going. (We order Sacks every Friday, which is where sandwiches are kissed by heaven, but doing it more than once a week is logistically a pain.)
4	So there was a time when I had no idea who or what Jimmy John's was. I mean unless you're from the midwest or somewhere central I doubt coasters and those of us in between had ever heard of this awesome sub place. I'd like to think my encounter with Jimmy John's was fate... although through unusual circumstances, a story for another time ;-) my first try was a complimentary sample by a certain gentleman... well the thing is i kind of forgot his name... oops! That first time... I got to try the #5 Vito. It was a mouthful, he never told me it was that big, and so thick but my first bite into it I handled it like a champ, and I just kept on eating it and swallowing until it was all done, I was satisfied, and afterwards I made a mental note that I would return because I was craving more. I've only had two menu items and that's the #5 and the #11 both delicious creations, I can't explain the bread, it's a white sub but it's really good. They don't toast it, I like the contrast of a cold loaf with a hot filling... in the end it's a good feeling. And the times they are open make them especially awesome! Phoenix now has become a late night city with a little more places open past 10p and I love Jimmy John's for that, now after a late night on mill ave and kinda buzzed from the tavern... I have choices other than the mill staples of Slices, the hot dog place, well basically the stretch of late night food places on 6th ave. Now I can walk to Jimmy's and grab a yum sub! So love ya and yes I'm a fan... thanks my mr.-stery  encounter for introducing me to Jimmy's... and I'll see ya again Jimmy John's for my #5!
4	Jimmy Johns is the home of free smells and they are finally in the Phoenix area with 3 stores that I know of - Downtown Tempe on Mill, Rural and Baseline next to Whole Foods and Rural-ish and Ellitot-ish.They keep it very simple at JJ's using fresh meats, cheeses, and fresh daily bread.  The bread makes the whole sandwich as it is a great mix of crispy outside and chewy inside.I go for the #6 - Veggie Sub.  It has Fresh (actually red which you don't see at most fast sandwich/sub shops) Tomatoes, Provolone, Cucumbers, Sprouts, Avocado Spread and Helman's Mayo.  That's right they use real mayo, which is a little fatty, but worth the calories at the end of the day.  I like that there is not any fussing over the size of sandwich - either a sub that is plenty big or you can go with a sandwich on wheat bread.Quick, simple, free smells, and dependable.
1	This place has super fast service but that is about it.  The bread is terrible.  It is dry and stale.  They also have minimal topping choices.  I would rather wait the extra few minutes at Subway for my sandwich.
5	So there's been this craze and talk about a place called Jimmy Johns, and I really had no flippin idea who they were or what it was..All I knew is that I "MUST HAVE IT" according to their biggest fans and sub connoisseurs lol. I've now tried two of the menu items...#5 and the #10 both are sooo good. It's a nice place and alternative to go to instead of the played out pizza joint when the bars let out. And for a 8inch sub it cost you anywhere from $4.35 to $5.35. That's a great deal!
5	If you haven't experienced Jimmy Johns  yet.... grab your car keys, your walking shoes, your bike, your bus pass, whatever you need to get there and experience the pure awesomeness that is JJ's.Yeah, Yeah its just another sub shop right?  NO, the bread is amazing and baked fresh every day.   They even offer "Free Smells" which is a way better smell than the Subway Stench you have stuck in your clothes for days after you walk in the door. JJ's uses fresh ingredients, amazing baked fresh daily bread and makes it "So fast you'll freak" right there.  My sandwich is usually done by the time I'm don't paying for my order.  The sub names are fun too, who wouldn't want to order a Pepe, a Turkey Tom or the Gargantuan!  They have vegetarian options, low carb options (unwhich- but why you would get rid of the best part of the sandwich is beyond me) and will customize your order if you don't like the menu options.   JJ's also offers their "day old loafs" for pretty cheap (under $1) and is great for making garlic bread  or something at home.Coming from the Midwest, JJ's was a staple and I was really disappointed when I first moved here to find that the valley was JJ free... luckily all good things from Michigan are slowly creeping over here, Jimmy Johns, Bell's beer and next we might just see Coney Island's popping up.
4	Their bread is so delicious, and being the carb-conscious nut I am, it's difficult to not devour all the bread (I don't usually). I've been to Jimmy John's in Chicago, so these subs aren't new to me, but I love that it's close by the office. Their tiny space gives an urban feel atmosphere... and it's also open late-night for all the Mill Ave barcrawlers!I usually order the Beach Club with turkey, provolone, avocado, lettuce, tomato and cucumber. While it's considered a "Giant Club" for which you're charged slightly more, it doesn't really feel giant to me. That's my only beef with the place, their regular sandwiches must be less filling in comparison... almost scared to try them! Best thing about JJ's is when I'm broke, I'm not above walking by for FREE SMELLS!
5	On a recommendation was here for lunch Friday afternoon and WOW. I've never had such a freshly made sandwich before from a shop. I had the vegetarian (#6), which was full of different veggies (sprouts, cucumber, lettuce, tomato, etc), on a whole grain bread that definitely tasted homemade. It was filling and excellent- and in no way am I a vegetarian! I'm also NOT a fan of mayo, but I even enjoyed the mayo on this sandwich. I will definitely be coming back to try their other creations, especially now that we have the convenience of the light rail to get us to Tempe!
4	This place reminds me of what sub shops used to be. They use fresh ingredients, good quality meat and delicious bread. The No. 9 is divine, but so is every other sandwich I've tried. I highly recommend it for tasty subs, fast service and good prices.
5	They have Jimmy Johns in Phoenix? Why am I the last to know this? Now if they could only get one in north Phoenix, instead of all down in Tempe... if you want to know what I think of Jimmy John's, see my other review of the one in Champaign, IL.  I'm so happy they are finally here!
5	HOLY HELL! NOW THIS IS WHAT I CALL A MOTHERF***ING SAMMICH!I had been hearing from my best bud, that there's this place in Tucson called Jimmy John's that has awesome sammiches.  We'll lo and behold they opened one here in Tempe and by the way my friend kept describing the subs I decided to finally go and get one for lunch. I got a Turkey Tom and wow, that freaking sammich was awesome! The subs are long and soft, and they're full of yumminess. The bread is tasty and it tastes like bread. Turkey tasted like Meat. It was like there was a party in mouth and everyone came! I would definitely recommend it.
4	Well, it seems like everyone from the mid-west is making their way out to Tempe these days.  I wonder, did Jimmy just come out for my wedding, or does he plan to stay?  No matter, each bite of Bootlegger with hot peppers today was a breath of wonderful, stinky Lake Michigan air.Arizona needed a good kick in the sub pants by Jimmy Johns.  Most of our sub places here just don't match the quality, speed or service of JJ.  The ham is one thing which stands apart, really, it redefines sub shop ham, as it has more flavor and less gross flimsy questionable content of the usual sub shop ham.  Also, for some reason they have the best Coca-cola here.  No idea how they do it, maybe more syrup or something, but theirs is hands down the best for a chain place.  Writing that kind of grosses me out, but it is true.The one thing about Jimmy Johns that never totally satisfies me is that they are not the perfect late-night snack but remain open late none-the-less, drawing my more inebriated self in repeatedly just to never fulfill my cravings.  Late night snacks sing to me of hot mashes of cheese, meet and starch (see: burrito, pizza, shwarma) and Jimmy John's cold quality, which is so great and easy for lunch, just doesn't cut the mustard on the chili-cheese fries.
4	Jimmy John's sells tasty sandwiches. The service is quick, even during the lunch rush. I got a combo with a pickle... and received not a sliver, but a huge, deli-style pickle. Oh, and they deliver, which is nice when you need a sandwich and can't leave the office, or the couch.An added bonus is they offer free smells. These are really nice when you're not in the mood to eat, but want something satisfying.
3	Great alternative to pizza for late night cheap eats. Delivery is extremely quick which is great for getting a quick bite to eat before succumbing to the alcohol induced slumber. Sodium levels seem to be moderate even though the meat isn't the best. I recommend substituting the regular white roll for wheat sandwich bread if your looking for something a bit healthier.
5	Jimmy John's has the best subs in Tempe hands down. All their sandwhichs are 8 inches and pretty inexpensive. They put the mayo on the bread, which is so much better than the between the cheese and meat thing they do at subway. The assembly line of sandwhich makers insures your sandwhich is made and waiting for you before you could walk to the soda fountain. Located in the heart of Mill and open late, its the best place for munchies after a night of drinking. My only complaint would be that the music in there is too loud during the day. I've been there twice in the afternoon and im not sure if its because the manager isnt there or what, but the music is so loud you have to raise your voice to talk to the person your with . Other than that, Jimmy John's is my favortie sandwhich the Phoenix area.
4	It is about time JJ got to AZ.  To long after wandering the streets in Chicago & Denver have I craved a sub after a night at the bars, or a quick delish sandwich fix.JJ's sandwiches are no frills but all quality.  Everything actually tastes fresh, and not over-processed like other sub shops.  I could eat here everyday, but I'd die before age 35 from mayo overload.   Don't forget to get the hot peppers!   Plus, the day old bread makes a cheap, quick garlic bread at home or the perfect stomach sponge.
4	A lot better then Subway for sure, great for late nights. And they have Dijon Mustard Tried#16 Turkey Club JJBLTMakes me wonder why the location in my hometown is always empty...
5	So I'm the most picky eater and Jimmy Johns caters directly too me!!! I really hate lettuce and most other vegetables. Jimmy Johns lets me order my sandwich "slim" which means no veggies or sauce (they will give you mayo/mustard packets) and actually charge less!!! So, I don't have to worry about asking for my sandwich without_____(fill in veggie here) and having to pick it off! GENIUS!!! I don't live in their delivery area but if I did I would also be stocked because they deliver with a 1 sandwich minimum!  I hope they build more locations around town!
5	Always fast and affordable. By far the best service of any sub place. Takes me back to my younger days in college. Yum!
3	How do they do it?!  I could barely speak the words of what I wanted in my order - based on the number 13 menu item, and then boom! There it was.  I don't mean to sound like a complicated order, but I know that I was pretty particular and it should have taken a little longer considering the line of people who seemed to be ahead of me.  But somehow, they had my order ready in what seemed like one minute and everyone else seemed to disappear behind my gluttonous inhales of delicious simplicity that is otherwise a deli sandwhich.  I will have to re-visit that place. Stand by.
5	Better than subway? OH YEA! My favorite is the Vegetarian Sub. Delish!!Tastes so creamy and oh so good for you! Can't wait to eat another!!
5	Hands down best sub place to go to in Tempe. Always super fast, not just regular fast, but super fast....as in my sandwich is waiting for me by the time i get my receipt. Everything on the menu is great. The price is right. It's on Mill Ave and open every time I'm hungry.
5	Awesome subs, cheap, fast, and open till 4am? Yes please. Jimmy Johns is my favorite sub place in the valley. I'm really happy the are opening so many of them here. Any when your really hungry, the gargantuan is sure to satisfy!
3	I've only been here once, but I didn't get what all the hype is about.  It's good, better than Subway, but that's not saying much.  At least their open late, and on Sundays.
1	I went to the location in Gilbert. Was not impressed at all. Thought I was going to have to visit the dentist after eating there. The bread was so tough. Left with a wtf feeling and realized I should've went next door to Culvers.
5	I LOVE JIMMY JOHNS!!!! FAST! YUMMY! CHEAP!!!!!        I usually get the turkey tom or the beach club... their bread is delicious and the signs on the wall are funny, if you have a few mins to stick around!!  They deliver if you live close, prob awesome for ASU students for sure!!!
5	Wow, I was surprised at how much I liked this place and the veggie sandwich we had. Fresh yummy bread, very good tasting sandwich, just the right size, very fast service and CHEAP for what you get. The sandwich was enough to fill me up and it was only $4.25. You can't beat that! Much better than subway. I'm a new fan, it's across from where I work and I will be back!
5	I LOVE JIMMY JOHNS!!!!  Delicious, fast, fresh, cheap, and they'll even deliver just one sandwich!!  Plus they're open late, to cater to the night crowd.     I order from them at least twice a week, and usually get the turkey tom or the beach club. Their bread is delicious; they use real meats and cheeses (unlike Subway), and even have fresh sprouts (yum!). They don't toast their subs, so don't ask them  :)
3	If I could think of one word to describe Jimmy John's, it would be..overrated...or average. The subs aren't bad, but they're really nothing special. Everyone raved over the beach club, which I could honestly make taste better myself. Tons of mayo, the avocado tastes like its squished out of a tube (not whole fresh avocado). The bread was fresh. Not to say I wouldn't eat it again...it just wouldn't be my first or second choice.
4	Love their subs.  Taste like from a deli.  Wish they were in CA!
2	I honestly don't understand why everyone rants and raves about this place.  It is a sub shop that is ran by unhelpful and rushed college kids.  They do not allow many choices and its kind of similar to in-and-out (regarding the atmosphere, not food).  They received 2 stars instead of 1 becaues they are very fast which is good if you are in a rush for lunch.
4	All the buzz is accurate... this is the best chain sub-shop I have ever been to.  It shames places like Subway and Quiznos.  Great freshly-baked bread and just better overall ingredients.
4	Been here twice...i know its a simple sub...but the blt i had both times was really good!
4	One more rave review.  Honestly, I can't say why I like them so much, it's just a freakin' sub, right?  But I guess it's not "just".  The bread is fresh, it's chewy without being stale.  Lots of mayo on the subs, so if that's a problem for you be sure and let them know.  The meats are fresh.  Every location i've been to (Mill Ave, Via de Ventura/Indian Bend, Tempe Marketplace) has been really quick and super friendly.
4	I've lived in Tempe going on 4 years now and I've tried my fair share of delivery options.  Jimmy John's is by far the place that will get you your food the fastest, no matter what time it is!  They don't sacrifice the taste for fast times either, every sandwich I've ordered has been great and fresh!Only downside: they use mayo and a lot of it.  If you're watching out for calories, ask for no mayo (or maybe just ez mayo instead.)
3	I have eaten at/ordered from the Jimmy John's on Mill Ave a couple times and the sandwiches are decent. They are of course better than most large chain shops like Subway and Quiznos but with a surplus of sandwich places in Tempe, they wouldn't be my first or second choice. Not to down them too much but I think they're a bit overrated--- I was expecting something spectacular from all the buzz! On the bright side they do deliver late into the night which is good for this type of city. However, I definitely have found sub places I like more and probably won't be having JJ's for quite a while.
5	Theres little to say other than that I love this place. Cheap, fast, and they deliver. All of the meats, cheeses, veggies, and breads are fresh. Never had a bad customer service experience. The only thing I can really attest to is that they are liberal users of mayo; be aware of that when ordering online and ask for packets instead. :-P
4	We love Jimmy Johns and are so excited they are finally expanding. That being said, we love this location on Mill. They are open till 4am on Friday nights so we typically hit em up either coming or going from the casino. Walking along mill and going into the shops is fun, there are a lot of restaurants we like but JJ is fast & cheap! The bread is delicious & I love the vinaigrette they put on their sandwiches. Thanks JJ for opening this location!
2	I used to get Jimmy Johns all of the time when I was down at the good ol' UofA, so now that I work on Mill I was excited to try them again!I don't know if this location is different, if my taste buds have evolved since I was 19, or if I have to be completely shit faced to eat here, but this place is ewwwwwwLike others have said, they use way to much mayo. WAY TOO MUCH. And no other condiment really... Their subs consist of 90% lettuce/sprouts, 8% mayo and 2% misc(meaning mystery meat, tomatoes, maybe cheese, etc)I just don't get why anyone would want to eat here? Unless they're drunk! I would totally eat here drunk, but then again, I'll eat ANYTHING when I'm drunk...
2	Okay, I was sick of hearing about these subs so I had to nosh here just to weigh in. First off, I think the use of "world's greatest sandwiches" and  "gourmet" is a bit of false advertising. Um, I'm fairly certain the avocado on my beach club came from a tube. Also, I don't get why I was instructed to reach over the counter if I wanted my food in a bag or needed napkins. I thought that's why one exercises the phrase "to go." I'm not lazy, but gosh darnit there are three of you and no other customers are here. I don't get it. They'll drive miles for free to deliver the food but can't be arsed to throw the stuff in a bag? Even (Insert crappiest fast food chain of  your choice here) does that! Since you guys can do eveything so fast you have plenty of time left over to put the freakin' food in a bag for a girl with her hands full already! Whew, sorry. Moving on...I'd like to dispel the most prevalent assertions swirling around the much ballyhooed Jimmy John's.#1. "They are waaay better than Subway." This is true. But, isn't that like saying a c*** punch is much more pleasant than a double c*** punch? Edging out Subway in a taste test is the not brass ring to be reaching for!#2. "They are soooo cheap." Yeah, not really. I think it's an okay value in relation to the quality, but stop raving about it like it's a $2 trip to Tijuana with tacos and tequila included. (Because that would be fantabulous.)#3. "They have the BEST bread." I concede the bread is the best thing about the sandwich, but that's only because the rest of my sammich's innards were nothing spectacular. The turkey is just so so. Not bad, but not flavorful at all. So, the bread is not the earth shattering, yeasty lusciousness that people make it out to be. Truth be told I'd be happier if there were options. (They have some kind of sliced wheat that they basically told me no one likes!) It's not that I would never partake because I get that its decent and they deliver. But come on my friends, quit swilling the kool aid.
4	I don't know how accurate this review could be.  I was hammered when I ate here.  But as far as hammered food goes around ASU, this is a nice change of pace from a burrito.  So good for you JJ.
3	I only get Jimmy John's for delivery at 1am. Seriously, why would you go to such a typical, limited, average place any other time? If you have a choice, try subway. But if you want a place that delivers after everyone else closes, this place is perfect. I eat here twice a week only because I sleep odd hours and my normal lunch is at 2am.
5	5 stars all the way for the price and service. Food is excellent for the cost and there is a good menu of options. Service was fast in a busy environment and with a smile.
3	I definitely wished I was at my Jimmy John's on 16th street. Bread not fresh, tiny avocado in between the cheese slices, had to ask where it was, no crushed ice, good music but if it had been different I would have hated how loud it was.
4	I'm a huge fan of the speed, taste, and atmosphere of this place. I don't always eat cold sandwiches, but when I do, I eat Jimmy Johns.
5	Awesome subs, super fast service. Can't be beat!
4	I'm a big fan of Jimmy John's. This location is a mile or so from my house and is on constant standby for nights when the wife and I are out of groceries or are too lazy to cook. We get out the computer, punch in our order, wait fifteenish minutes, and the food is at our door. It really doesn't get much easier. I love the ultimate porker, with flavorful ham and salty bacon, it hits the spot every time and always makes me wish I had three more... add onions and avocado to it and I'm drooling. If you visit the store be warned, the music is loud and the staff is at times in such a rush that they almost seem unfriendly, but that's the point of the place, a ridiculously wonderful sandwich at lightening speeds, and that's exactly what you'll get... they may not win awards for service, but man is that a good sandwich.
4	Great sandwiches, and FAST!It's shotgun style, so seating is limited, but the decor is fun and entertaining (funny signs, etc).  They don't have their hours posted on the door and we went in before they were open one day but they served us anyway!  Great service, although sometimes the bread can seem a little stale, but it's always delicious.
4	This is my automatic go to place when I am at work.They deliver, and I am a work-a-holic and don't leave my seat often. The delivery guys have a great sense of humor because between 11-2pm we keep them repeatedly coming back here. No one communicates when they are getting JJ's, you just hear "JJ's is here!" and someone comes running for their food.Extremely fast and friendly service. The ordering online is a HUGE plus for me.Any sandwich I have gotten from them has been amazing but let me highlight the Bread and Mayo. Their fresh french bread rolls and real mayo is out of this world.You can order your sandwich as an "Un-wich" with a lettuce wrapping instead of bread, but I am not sure I would have the will power to do this.The only thing I would love to see them offer is a cheese steak. That would be amazing.Bottom line: I like JJ's and am impatiently waiting for them to build one closer to my house so they deliver there too.
4	This is my go to spot when I was a lazy ass and didn't want to make dinner for myself and the miss....so I would pick it up to go. Only lame part is that they can't take cheese from one sandwich, and put it on another one. Malarkey. I don't want my provolone, so take it off of my sandwich and put it on hers. Oh...you can't? False. Do it. Still no? Fine. You make a damn good sandwich.Also...LBI. Don't know LBI? It stands for Leave Bread In...tell them and they won't scoop out the bread.Right, Audrey B.?! LBIIIIII!!!!!
2	Convenience of delivery, but mediocrity in quality. Why won't they put yellow mustard on for me? Okay, give me the packets, but this is now the third time that they forgot to include the packets. Thanks for cutting my sandwich in two, but why is one slice of bread broken into three pieces?
5	Delicious! Great sandwiches and you can buy their "day old bread" to make you own sandwich at home. The really do have "freaky fast service" both in-store and delivery. The staff is always very friendly too and they have really reasonable prices on their sandwiches. Add hot peppers to any sub for an extra kick!
5	Price+quality=amazingI love how they use a slicer to slice meats there. The bread is amazing chewy how a sandwich should be. I want one right now.  The Italian dressing homemade is amazing ask for it.
5	Awesome as always!
1	Great food & great service when ordering as always :-)Now ask to use the restroom after 12midnight & their A+ customer service does a 180 & goes to down right rude.  I was honestly surprised at how disrespectful their staff was when I asked why their restrooms were closed & when I inquired more about the policy 3 staff members were so down right rude I simply walked out.This location needs a serious attitude adjustment, which is too bad cause the food itself is great!
1	We stopped at Jimmy johns for a late night meal.  Asked for a turkey sub with no veggies and they gave me turkey lunch meat wrapped in lettuce.  I returned the sub and asked them to remake it, at which point they gave me a sub which consisted of bread and ONLY lettuce,  no meat.  At this point I was clearly upset and had them make it a 3rd time.  As other reviewers have stated, their late night customer services is down right rude.  The manager was not helpful, nor professional at all.  He starred at us the entire time we were there to eat our subs, and gave us dirty looks.  The owners should probably reevaluate their sub artists on the late night shift, and especially should fire the manager.
1	Wow I was shock Toinght I went to eat I order roast beff sub and order cup of water he that i was poring lemonade ,the manager of store David Gibson came and threw my cups of water in trash, such bad service I would not recommend anyone to eat there there service is so bad and mean manager i ask him to give meMy money back after he throw my drink in trash he said no  and he was going to call Cops Police on me for no Reason what a jerk!!!
4	Never heard or had this place before moving to Tempe.  Very simple but very good hoagies they catered to my apartment complex were awesome about a million times better than cardboard sandwich from subway.
4	This place is pretty cool.  Right off Mill Ave and open till 3 am.  I love the inside it has a cool little vibe and a back door that goes right out to the patio of Fat Tuesday, Cantina, Handlebar etc.
4	They really are freaky fast! I always go here and I didn't even know you could get your sandwich on wheat bread, but it changed my life. If I'm feeling healthy I'll sometimes get it without the bread just on lettuce which is equally as good and filling!
1	If you are a human being and thus may at some point after midnight need to pee or poop, don't eat here. The restaurant is open until 3 or 4 a.m. and is quite willing to take your money and serve you food and biiiiiiiiig giant sodas, but beware...their restroom closes at midnight. I couldn't believe that as a customer, eating in, I was not allowed to use the restroom. Is that even legal?? I asked where customers were expected to use the restroom after eating and drinking at their establishment. The girl informed me that customers can go "next door to Fat Tuesday". There are 2 MAJOR issues with that:1 - you can't get into Fat Tuesday (a bar) if you aren't 21, so late night 20 year old sandwich eaters better have big ass bladders.2 - the line to get into Fat Tuesday is sometimes about 20 people long, then once you get carded, get inside, and navigate through the crowd, the bathroom line for the ladies room is another 10-15 long. This means if you leave Jimmy Johns in the middle of eating to pee, you must be 21+ and you will be gone for 20 minutes to an hour to take a leak next door. You can then come back to your crusty sandwich and your annoyed friends who have been babysitting your food while you went pee pee partying over at Tuesdays. Screw that.I'll tell you right now, if I were a guy, I seriously would've pissed on their floor under my table. But...as a girl, that could be messy for me. So...lucky for you Jimmy Johns...I was born without a penis. You win the prize of no pee on your floor, but you will never win my business EVER again.
4	My husband and I love Jimmy Johns, we don't have one in Sacramento yet so we always eat there when we can.
4	I order delivery from this location all the time. The sandwiches are great, standard Jimmy Johns goodness that we all love, but the delivery almost always takes 15-20 minutes. That wouldn't be a big deal, except I live less than a mile away. I don't know why every time it takes so long, but the food is good and the employees are friendly.
4	Awesome place with awesome food! Loved the homemade bread and super fast service! A bit pricier than Subway, but well worth the price :)
5	The food AND the people here were great! Love the grainy bread loaded with tasty ingredients. The people were fast, friendly and fun, a rarity in today's fast food places
1	I would give them 0 stars if it was available. This is the worst jimmy johns in the area. The manager has a bad attitude and makes you feel stupid. Let me tell you about the last time I was there a few weeks ago.Granted it was about 1:30 an and was relatively busy.I ordered a few club lulu sandwiches with cheese and a bag of BBQ chips. The sandwich was made by the time the cashier swiped my card.  We sat down near the soda machine and munched away on our sandwiches and talking about random events that took place during the nights adventures. As we finished up our sandwiches we decided to grab the BBQ chips on the way out because we got all fought up in conversation that I didn't get a chance to eat them. And yes I think the BBQ chips are there best option. K here's where the whole thing when down hill. As I started walking out I got grabbed and almost thrown down by one of the employees that was making the sandwiches. He grabbed the chips out of my hands and yelled "I Don't think so dude" and then he started telling people in the restaurant and the staff that I had already eaten my chips and that I was stealing another bag.! Are you freaking kidding?!! He assaulted me then embarrassed me in front of everybody because he thought I was stealing a freaking 1.50 bag of chips!!I asked to speak to the manager, at this point I was furious. I explained to him and confirmed with the cashier that I paid for a bag of chips and the sandwiches. they were made so fast that we just sat down and ate the sandwiches and grabbed the chips on the way out. He said. " well that's bs, my employee says you already ate a bag of chips and I believe him over you so, unless you want to actually pay for something were done"Just a bunch of poorly trained staff, who abide by there own set of rules. Poor poor jimmy johns. Actually disappointed they let this happen
2	2 stars for delivery time and nice biker.0 stars for food. That sandwich tasted like the Arizona dirt that sticks to my feet. Would not recommend food from here. It was pricey too. I had no cheese on my sandwich, nothing is baked, super dry. Seriously if you work hard for your money I wouldn't eat here. Turkey was thinner than pre packed at the store.
5	I've never been to this Jimmy John's, but I ordered delivery at 2:30 AM to my dorm room. The delivery biker had my sanwich there in SIX minutes flat. He then welcomed me to the area and shared his knowledge about the ASU Tempe campus with me. The Bacon Ham sandwich itself would've earned 3 stars, but the excellent service is what gets 5 stars
3	Pretty typically college town Jimmy Johns. The staff is over worked and would rather be out drinking with everyone else that is on Mill Ave and the costumers do not respect the restaurant. This is a deadly combination that typically makes for a pretty scuzzy food joint but I was pleasantly surprised by how clean the place was when I went in there. The staff members were all super cool and friendly even at the end of their shift. This is a great place to grab a bite to eat at the end of a long night.
2	I like Jimmy Johns but not this particular location.  Their speediness gets in the way of them making a better sandwich.  Mine are always thrown together in a sloppy fashion and lately I feel like they're shorting me on the turkey.  I've also found a piece of plastic in my sandwich before.  Gross.  Very disappointing.
5	Some friends and I decided to go to Jimmy John's for the first time. We were skeptical at first because we were so used to going to Subway and Firehouse subs all the time so trying something new was a little scary.  And by the end of the experience you know for sure that you will be coming back.The first thing that happens when you walk into Jimmy John's for the first time is, "welcome to Jimmy John's," by all the staff in the store.  This gives a really amazing vibe for the place and makes you excited to eat your delicious Jimmy John's sandwich.  The next thing that you do is take your order. I ordered a #1 unwhich was a turkey sandwich with tomato, cheese, turkey, and mayonnaise but with a lettuce wrap to replace the bread(hence "unwhich"). After ordering, your food is done within 20 seconds!  Yes even if they are packed of people during lunch, they still deliver your food within less than a minute.  One of the best parts about Jimmy John's is that you can replace normal bread with a lettuce wrap for a healthy alternative!  Not only was the food amazing but now I will never go to another Subway or Firehouse ever again.
5	This place is super fast....Conner was getting ready to make a delivery and saw that i was waiting in line while everyone else was busy and came over in a matter of seconds to take my order..good job guys
1	If I could give them 0 stars, I really would. I am an avid hater of Jimmy John's customer service (god, why are their sandwiches so good though?). I've tried almost all Jimmy Johns locations around the area, and this is my third time going into this location for about 1-2 years. I asked the guy after receiving my sandwich, could I get more mayonnaise? This 16 year old child gave me two small packets of mayonnaise. I love mayo, so I asked for more. He then says, "but that is more" while pointing to my hand with small packets of mayonnaise on it.What?Why are you complaining when a customer wants a couple more packets of mayonnaise? Does mayonnaise cost more than 90 cents a pack? Is it because you are running out of mayonnaise? Is mayonnaise having a national shortage? ARE YOU GUYS NOT A HUGE CORPORATION THAT MAKES THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS PER DAY AND YOU ARE BEING STINGY WITH MAYONNAISE? After I told this guy, "yes, but I want more", he hesitantly gave me 3 more packets of mayonnaise. God I hate Jimmy Johns. Everything about the customer service is terrible. Bunch of teenagers who don't know what they are doing with no respect for people who give them business.
5	I work about 2 blocks away and have order at least 10 times.  Yes, Yes, freaky fast.  Never had anything but a really good sandwich
