3	I stumbled in here hungry and hungover on a late Sunday morning. I was ready for something greasy and not too complicated. This place fit the bill.  It's part Irish pub, part sports bar -- a match made in heaven.The Irish isn't seen so much in the decor, except for the amount of green paint. The sports part is loudly represented by tons of banners, jerseys, and more plasma than a blood bank. Each wall has probably 5 MASSIVE screens, and some of the booths even have small screens mounted inside. Lucky for my pounding head, since it was fairly early, the volume was kept nice and low.The menu is a mix of your usual bar food, with a few Irish dishes tossed in. I went for the corned beef sandwich, one toasty buttery bread, and spicy mustard. It came with some creamy and delicious macaroni and cheese. It was just what the doctor ordered.
3	I have to agree with Korina on the sparseness of the Irish decor at R.T. O'Sullivan's in Glendale.  Honestly, if it weren't for the name of the place or the Ireland map and sporadic knick-knack here and there I wouldn't know I was in an Irish pub. I have yet to find an Irish pub in Phoenix that can outdo Rosie McCaffrey's in drinks, decor, service and experience.I met some co-workers up in this joint on a Wednesday night and enjoyed a happy hour mixed drink, a pint of Harp and a few loaded potato skins. The crowd was kind of light and the service was ok considering there were 16 of usA few guys were enjoying themselves with Big Buck Hunter and the electronic darts.  But selling point for me??  NTN Buzztime on the TV sets.  If you're a trivia nerd like me, you will like that here.  Of course, I was the only one playing, but I am one seasoned trivia foe.  Two stars, and an extra star just for NTN.
2	R.T. O'Sullivan's ( more than  six months back  things may have changed but my prior two visits had us   walking out re time it took to serve us/ and then  forgot to  cook part of the order. )It's about as Irish as Sobriety  ( Yeah I have the Celtic passport to back that slander up) Chicken Wings Plain, BBQ, Teriyaki, Mild, Medium, Hot, Death or HELL !(no returns on HELL) Served with celery and ranch dressing.I think I get it, they are being ironic... Because if you get what you want it's not hell!. The thought of an Irish bar without cider is as laughable as a French bar sans wine or a burger joint that doesn't have   coke but would you like a nice green tea? Er no. No hard apple cider in stock , please perry, aka pear cider is fine but it's not frickin' cider and there seems to be some reality problems with bars here. NM , ok I do mind .. The wings, HELL? , HELL-o I thought I was meant to be in mortal danger here. Seemingly a sauce mild enough to douche with is their idea of hell.. mine is paying $8 to be sorely disappointed, again. Gets better they totally forgot to bring out the wife's main course..   No black pudding on the menu and still insisting that Corn beef / cabbage is from the old country and not an American invention  oh well, it's a theme  ,it's not reality.  It's really an opportunistic "schtick" to tie a  run of the mill sports bar with some character.
5	PHENOMENAL sports bar / restaurant!  ANY SPORTS LOVER WILL LOVE THIS PLACE!  the restaurant / bar is divided into 4 separate areas. you have the bar area with the bar & lots of low top tables & TONS of plasmas all over the place. you have the main dining area with TONS of plasmas on every single wall and the high top tables have their own tvs. you have the game area with another bar with pool table / golf game / and some tables and MORE PLASMAS,  then you have ONE OF THE LARGEST SMOKERS PATIOS EVER!. the smoking patio is huge with outdoor plasmas and an OUTDOOR BAR. you never have to leave the outdoors to go in for any reason if you are a smoker. they also have alot of misters on the patio. there is all sorts of cool memorabilia in the entire place.  drinks are priced under other places. happy hour is 11am - 7pm!! great deals on bottles. strong mixed drinks.  all of their appetizers are 1/2 off from 4pm-6pm.  these aren't just any old bar appetizers. there are 19 different appetizers. great appetizers. they also have a full menu ranging from american food to irish.  IF YOU WANT TO WATCH ANY SPORT OF ANY KIND, GO HERE! they have ALL sports packages. this is a great place for football. for any of you who go to SANTISI'S on bell rd, this is far  better. santisi's is dark and over the top crowded. you have no room and bump into the person next to you.  this is like an upgraded version of them with room to spread and all around nicer. they do open early for football and have a breakfast menu. the breakfasts are large. the management is great. they will put on whatever you want to watch if it's not already on. the plasmas are big and you won't break your neck having to look up at a tv like other bars. great place to go! they do have a dj on friday nites and a small area to dance. drinks are cheap on sundays for football.
1	Men's bathroom attendant with cologne and buggle gum in a sports bar?  Really?  Yes, they do have one on occasion, and he takes all of the paper towels so you're forced to receive one from him after washing your hands in the restroom.  This is a sports bar that has virtually nothing to do with being an Irish bar other than it's name.  Food is inconsistent, service is usually atrocious but understandable - they hire cute girls in skimpy clothing.  If you want the eye candy but poor service then this is your place.  A lot of broken glass in the parking lot and the place can get very noisy on weekends.
4	Good selection of beer, nice waitresses and challenging but very fun "live" trivia on Thursdays at 7p.m. We go with a group... good times!  Only suggestion would be for them to expand their appetizer menu.
4	Went here Jan. 2, 2010 for lunch, when college bowl games were on. A veritable plethora of TV's covering all sports to be had, burger was good, and service was just great! Good selection of beers, clean, and friendly place. Apparently they will be having music on Friday & Saturday nights. I liked the place!
4	My brother used to work - so I have to give it an extra star just because of that. Over all this place is decent. It's really big. Got a few pool tables, and a nice fire pit in the back patio where you can smoke. Plus - there is some wack-job named Mikey who works here & drinks here all night - or at least he was when I visited. He made my night. Cheese!
2	Meh...I went here for the Lakers game today.  They have appetizers, burgers, sandwiches, ribs, and salads.  The O'Connell burger that I ordered, which had bacon was just so-so.  The fries were decent.  The Coors Light was a little flat.  Overall, just an average sports bar.  The crowd here seemed a little older.
3	This is close to where I live but I haven't been there for awhile.  However I wound up going there twice in the last month.  The food is good, their burgers are terrific and their ice cream dessert is wonderful. The ambiance is so so.  If you like TV's blaring all around all the time then this is great.  The outside fire pit is great when weather permits. Service is so so unless you ask for  the best server there--Kelsey.  She was attentive w/out being intrusive.
3	Decent place to go have a drink. Really good desserts. YUMMY chocolate cookie thing. Nice, nothing special, but a fine place to go relax.
5	I recently went here as part to celebrate my 21st birthday. I wanted somewhere that i could enjoy my friends and yet still enjoy some drinks and good food. We all enjoyed ourselves very much. Had some good drinks to choose from and the staff was super nice. Although the gal seating us gave us attitude when we asked for a table for 14 (they werent very busy) we enjoyed our night. We will be back for our usual lunch break for some good food, and some night outings.
3	Great happy hour! Good food!
5	My search for *the* Irish pub may have ended here! To sum it up in one word, I could only describe RT O'Sullivan's as "legit". First of all, the happy hour is amazing. Dollar off the reasonably priced drinks, and half-off appetizers. The fried zucchini was succulent, and didn't amount to discs of greasy mush like it does at most bars. The wings were tasty, and the menu is so expensive, you bet I'll be coming back.Beer selection was nice. Kiltlifter, Guinness, and Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat are all I need.The cocktails are where it's at. There's a huge menu of hot drinks, shots, blended drinks, and of course, anything iced. My Alligator Tail (Jager+Midori) was ridiculously strong and could have been mixed better, but then again I'm never one to complain about there being too much Jager in anything--it's impossible. The chocolate banana martini was one of the tastiest drinks ever, and the mint chocolate chip shake (I can't even remember what kind of alcohol was in here at this point) was an incredibly refreshing desert.I will be back here to dine, and stuff my face. I don't think anyone can go wrong here, it's that good.
4	I've gone to the Glendale location several times over the past 2-3 years. I've also been to their Mesa location, but not in 5 years.I go to watch WWE pay-per-view. At least 5 times a year. I haven't tried it any other time. There's always a good crowd for wrestling events. We have fun.O'Sullivans is large and has plenty of seats. Lots of TVs of various sizes. Bar is well-stocked. I love Black & Tans (Guinness and Bass). They don't sell Bass, so I settle for Smithwick's, a BlackSmith. Good food selection. I typically don't experiment with food, I order what I know I'll like. Their meatloaf and shepherd's pie is great. Ribs are o.k. Nacho platter is loaded.Only problem that I've had, and this has happened on 3 different occasions, is waitress service. First time, during a period when there wasn't a lot of customers around me, I waited 20 minutes to be served. And that was after I notified the manager. He gave me a free drink. Second time, it took 10 minutes. A few weeks ago it happened again. It was very busy and I waited about 8 minutes. Plus waitress brought me the wrong sized drink. I'll continue to go to R.T. O'Sullivans and report the status of their wait staff.
3	This is a nice place. Pretty good food, nice atmosphere. Very big place. With a nice patio and bar. Only downside is price. Kinda pricy for the area. You can walk to tailgaters or cheers and drink and or eat for half the price. But all in all if you don't mind spending a little more then it's a chill spot.
3	Tons of TV's and big beers. Not great food, and boneless wings have less actual chicken in them than a McNugget.
4	I had a great time at R.T. O'sullivan's last night for St. Patrick's day! Green beer, a yummy corn beef sandwich and live music, what else do you need?! Our waitress was doing a pretty good job for how freaking busy it was and the food came pretty darn fast! So all in all good times!
4	I watched the NCAA championship game here last night with a friend from out of town.  Couldn't believe how big this place is!  The atmosphere was nice; Irish Pub/Sports Bar-ish with TONS of TV's.  The sound system was pretty loud, but we went to watch the game so that was a plus, I'm sure they turn it down for regular dining.  They had Blue Moon on special, and I ordered the Fish & Chips for dinner.  (I ordered the half order and it came with two fish, fries and coleslaw.  Plenty for a girl who considers herself an eater!)  The staff was friendly and attentive, and the bill was reasonable.  The Shepard's Pie was my second choice for dinner, I think I'll make it my first choice for next time!  Gave it for stars because it met my expectation for a quality sports bar with great Irish food.  Had the atmosphere been a little more authentic, I'd have given it a 5 of 5 instead.  All in all, great place to grab some food and watch a game!
1	Lame-O! Many Nasties flock to this bar to... hang out ?What is with this area of Glendale?!?AT LEAST you can go with your own crowd of peeps and seclude yourself outside with a game of 'Bags' or 'Cornhole' or 'Beanbag Game.'
5	Great happy hour and daily specials. Try the chicken nachos. They are the best!Wednesday nights starting at 7pm they have live trivia and you can win money. Bring a big group and it will be a great evening!
5	Absolutely love this place! Packed with TV's to watch any game or play some trivia. Daily Specials and Happy Hour so check there website. Saturday night is name that tune around 9 or 10. Always packed and everyone enjoys the shot specials. Half of Appetizers during happy hour are a must, Chicken Wings are great, A plate full of potato skins are awesome, even the chicken basket or sliders are a sure bet as well. For an entree, check out sandwich night on thursdays, the Reuben or Atomic Chicken are tasty. The best part about this place would have to be the service.  I've never had a bartender here that wasn't nice, attentive, and just downright cool to talk to. All the girls are awesome, Zena, Melissa, and Flo especially. Chris is always cool and on the ball with everything too.
5	At least RTO's shows the major boxing events!!!  Now that's my idea of a good sports bar...and RTO proved it last night for the Mayweather-Ortiz fight.  Great service from our server and all the cute gals who helped her, too.  They seem to work as a team there I noticed...nice touch and unusual, unfortunately.  Other bars need to take a lesson here.  We felt really taken care of--even tho it was just  us two mature ladies watching.The manager came around cause we were really early to collect $10 for the fight and give us a stamp on our hands.  Cool with us for sure!Now for the food:  My friend got some appetizer platter with probably 6 different kinds of foods from fried zucchini, chicken wings and other stuff ,which she didn't divulge what they were to me, because she was stuffing her face too fast and looked like she was loving every bite.  She did bring her head up enough to mumble something about the platter being dee-licious.  Hard to understand as she was stuffing it in constantly and consistently...and this was a big platter for one, too.  I'd say she was very happy with her choice..just guess'n, tho....but I'd say so.I had the well fixed monster burger (no bread) and a Caeser salad.  Still on that diet in my quest to be an old lady sex kitten you see?  Yeah, the burger is two huge patties with cheese and bacon on top, and was a whole pound of meat!!!  It took me awhile to chuck it down but I sacrificed (haha!) and did it eventually.Since I had ice tea and she had a beer, some gals from Miller Lite came in and when my friend declared that she had a Miller they gave her a free baseball cap or t-shirt.  Added bonus...and she seemed to enjoy the gifts, also.Great sports bar with good food and great service from some really adorable girls in shorts.  You young bucks need to visit this place for that if nothing else.We could see the match from a number of tv's and all were very clear, so watching the match--or look at the Bears game or another game if you wished--was easily seen from anywhere in the room.Puh-lease, RTO, keep showing boxing matches there.  We both enjoyed it so much we're making you our "official" boxing hangout!
3	I guess I didn't realize it was a sports bar that I was meeting guys at ( ie. only comments will be sports comments until gals come.) I also did not realize that when the boyfriend said to change at home out of my "other costume" after a monster mash and dash AZRR 5k, he did NOT mean for me to change into my purchased costume making me look like a baby prostitute. Needless to say, some impressionable young children watching the last world series game are in shock and I can never show my face to RTO's again. So long, no amounts of good hard cider could get this light weight drunk fast enough to block out the poor fried food and embarrasement.
2	Well, we travel a lot for sporting events and love sports bars, especially Irish pubs.  We have been here once before and service was pretty good considering it was busy with the NFL crowd.  The food is pretty standard and the waitress attentive.  We visited this place again last night after a game and were shocked with the service.  The bar area was pretty much empty for Sunday Night Football but our waitress was unbelievably slow.  It took forever for our drinks & food to arrive and then the food was cold.  The waitress seemed to be tired, sleepy or who knows what but she definitely didn't want to be there. We had to get our own silverware & condiments, including drink refills at the bar.  Meanwhile, the waitress barely checked on us and walked away before we could reply.  Thank goodness for the girl bartending.  She seemed to realize what was going on and took care of us, including accepting our comments about her co-workers work ethic.  I don't know her name but she made a bad situation tolerable.  I won't be returning here anytime soon but I'm sure I will give it another go someday.  I'm hoping this was just an isolated occurrence.  I hope the waitress realizes that 'tips' are based on service & NOT guaranteed!
5	Such a fun place Saturday's are too much fun here.
3	We went to R.T. O'Sullivan's on a Saturday late afternoon--arriving at about 4:30 pm. Not crowded, plenty of seating and we found a table we liked.We were hoping to find a terrific Irish Pub in our neighborhood, but didn't.As a Sports Bar, this place is pretty good. Lots of big screen TVs, showing many different games and auto races on the day we came. Some of the tables have TVs of their own, so that could be a very useful thing!Classic rock music from the 70s and 80s playing at an appropriate volume level in the background. We had no trouble conversing.Having checked the menu on line, we ordered a Guinness and Kilt Lifter draft. Didn't have either. (Can a well-run Irish Pub really be out of Guinness?) Settled for a Blue Moon and Irish Red Amber. Former was good, as usual, the latter a little watery for my taste.Terrific service throughout the visit. Server stopped by frequently to see if everything was OK and if we needed anything.Tonight's special was $9.99 for three of the Irish dinners, so I ordered a Shepherd's Pie. Very disappointing, as the "mashed potatoes" on top were clearly made from flakes. Menu promised peas, carrots, and other vegetables inside. There were a few, but small pieces and not crunchy as I had hoped. No sides, but a couple of ordinary white-bread rolls--just as you might find at the grocery store. This dish disappointed, as I have had many better at many Irish Pubs in the area.My companion ordered the Sligo burger, featuring BBQ bacon and jalapenos covered in cheddar cheese. The sandwich was the best of our dishes, juicy and tasty. Side of fries was OK, but just ordinary.Many families at this hour. We sat in the lower portion, rather than the bar, and found the atmosphere pleasant. Restroom was what you would expect from a local bar--neither clean nor dirty.We might go back to see a sporting event on TV, but not as a place to eat a meal.
2	I used to enjoy coming here a few years ago,but it sure has changed.T hey blast awful music on fri and sat nights.all played by a clueless d.j. who only plays a cross between bad rap,techno,and whiney hipster music.they used to play a variety of rock,rap,alternative,classic rock, and rnb which was fine.The food is actually pretty good and they have .a great happy hour.I usually only come here on weekdays now,and it's always good on those days.Service is usually good,and they have$1 tacos on wednesday afternoons.Had excellent service by the bartender last time too.but i will never come on a weekend.they're trying to be a dance club now,and failing miserably.Nice outdoor patio though.
4	Great drink specials and daily food specials.  I always go on taco night!!  The bartenders remember you, and your drinks...and they are a pleasure to talk to!  Yes, I always have to play the crane machine - and damn I'm good!
5	This place is a great sports bar.  What I love is that it is never overly crowded and you don't have to wait forever on game day to get a seat.  They have the best nachos (they really know how to layer) and boneless chicken wings.  I also had great service every time I have gone there.  Plus, the beer prices can't be beat.
3	I went here for the first time last night and met up with my large party who were already there.  I couldn't believe that for our party of over 20 people, we were only given one server and needless to say, service was incredibly slow.My husband and I ordered the spinach and artichoke dip for the appetizer.  It came with a generous portion of tortilla chips and about 8 garlic bread wedges but the actual dip came in this small cup, like a small ice cream cup.  For $9, I expected a lot more dip but it was still tasty nonetheless.  I definitely would not order it again knowing how small it is unless they lowered the price.For entrees, my husband ordered the American Mac n Cheese (chicken and bacon) and I went for the Caesar salad with grilled chicken.  Husband very much enjoyed his dish and my salad was tasty as well.  Would I come back here for food?  Probably not.  Not with the kind of food they have and their prices.  For their bar, I might come back.  It wasn't anything to rave about but it wasn't bad either.
4	Hadn't been in a long time and was pleasantly suprised just how much better the food tasted since our last visit!
2	Great for watching sports but that's about it. The service is more than lacking. That's about it..Dont want to spend too much more time writing about it.
4	Good place to watch a game or a fight. Well today we watched a WWE PPV.lol. Lots of seeting but still busy enough. If anyone is a WWE fan you must come here.Anyway I sat at the bar and had great service. I didn't catch the bartenders name but she was nice. Lots of TV's to watch anything you want.  I will totally be back for any WWE or UFC event!!!Next time Ill order food so I can review their menus. The only beer I had was their Ranger IPA which I think is just an average IPA.  I wish they had more of a selection of local brews on tap.  I did see 2 beers from San Tan but they were not my favorite ones.  I will come back!
3	Came here the same night as a professional wrestling pay-per-view.  Lots of very enthusiastic fans.  The bartender offered excellent service, my cheese burger was okay (overcooked, but I expect that from most places), the beer was cold and there was a variety of sports on their televisions.  I will certainly be back if I'm ever in the neighborhood.
4	I'm updating my review for this place. It's really grown on me and is now my favorite bar off of bell road. The bartender Chris is probably the nicest bartender I've ever met. A little tip about drinks.....Miller Lite aka my favorite domestic is always $3 from 8 to close. That's not advertised, so please thank me. Oh and they are the big boys, not the pint glasses.I would give this place 5 stars, but every time I eat their chicken fingers, or pretty much anything here I have to drop a deuce in their bathroom (could just be my body's reaction to the oil they use to cook, idk). The food is really good or I'm a glutton for punishment. But the downside, the men's bathroom at least is always really hot, even in the summer. Like they cut off the air flow in there or something. Plus sometimes the slobs out in this world feel the need to piss on the floor or break a toilet, overflow it. So a deuce has to be dropped before 9 o'clock usually to ensure clean, uninterrupted status. You know I like to facebook and read the news while I'm doing my business. Other than that, this is NOW the BEST bar off of bell road. Sad to see a lot of bars come and go since 2007 when the economy took a nose dive. But this place seems to have made it through. Chris and Z are my favorite bartenders. Some other quality good looking waitresses. The patio area is huge and nice for smokers, even though I'm not pretty much all my friends are so I'm always out there, plus the TVs are nice. The bar also opens up so you can order out there.  The DJ is horrible that plays name that tune, it's so loud, but oh well. Personally I'd prefer if they just used a video DJ. But then again I'm a nerd and I like to watch cool stuff like that when I'm drinking and pretending to listen to whomever is trying to talk to me.Oh I forgot to add, the only other downside is the UFC nights which they charge a cover for. I hate covers and I really hate the UFC crowds. Thankfully as soon as the fights are over, that crowd usually quickly makes a move for the exit. Thankfully.
2	They draw quite a crowd for a pay for view event, but they do not have the capacity to serve this size of crowd.  Required to spend a specified amount on food, but waited over 1 hour to place order.  Then waited 1 hour and 20 minutes for food to come.  Gratuity automatically added to bill, despite lack of service!
4	One of the things in life you can count on, no matter where you go, is an Irish pub.  And O'Sullivan's keeps the promise of plentiful beer choices, hearty pub fare, and Irish mainstays like corned beef.  Combined with good prices and plenty of TVs, they have consistently delivered a good lunch experience.
1	It's closed!!!
