4	This is a brand new location that just recently opened.  There are lots of treadmills,ellipticals, stationary bikes, steppers, free weights, weight machines, etc.  There is a very nice pool and whirlpool tub and nice locker rooms with saunas.  The class studio is really nice and the cycle studio is a completely different room which looks nice too.  The cardio equipment is really nice, there are USB and iPod hookups and there are individual TVs on each machine.  I only just joined a couple of days ago but so far I am very satisfied.  I will follow up with another review after I've been a member for awhile.  As of now I would definitely recommend this location to Laveen area residents.
4	I stopped in on the grand opening day (11/6/2010) for a "fitness evaluation".  Both my husband and I ended up having a personal training session with one of the coordinators of the personal training program.  He was a straight shooter who basically tells you what he thinks.  If you are out of shape and are in denial about it, he will tell you what you should try to fix.  I will say it was a very good session and I am still sore today (11/8/2010).  I ended up signing up for a 12 month twice per week personal training commitment.  It is pricey but my husband can come with me for the same price so that we are both getting healthier.  I'm looking forward to our first session on Thursday this week.
4	I walk in the door and this song immediately starts running through my head... Oh, my, god. Becky, look at her butt.It is so big. *scoff* She looks like,one of those rap guys' girlfriends.But, you know, who understands those rap guys? *scoff*They only talk to her, because,she looks like a total prostitute, 'kay?I mean, her butt, is just so big.I can't believe it's just so round, it's like,out there, I mean - gross. Look!She's just so ... black!And then I step in to the Latin Heat class and it continues...I like big butts and I can not lieYou other brothers can't denyThat when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waistAnd a round thing in your faceYou get sprung, wanna pull out your tough'Cause you notice that butt was stuffedDeep in the jeans she's wearingI'm hooked and I can't stop staringI'm thinking to myself how nice it is not to be surrounded by a bunch of blond bimbos staring at themselves in the mirror......So your girlfriend rolls a Honda, playin' workout tapes by FondaBut Fonda ain't got a motor in the back of her HondaMy anaconda don't want noneUnless you've got buns, hunYou can do side bends or sit-ups,But please don't lose that buttThe class instructor has played the best mix for any Latin Heat class I've taken......... So Cosmo says you're fatWell I ain't down with that!'Cause your waist is small and your curves are kickin'And I'm thinkin' bout stickin'To the beanpole dames in the magazines:You ain't it, Miss Thing!Give me a sister, I can't resist herRed beans and rice didn't miss herI'm drenched with sweat, I've bonded with a few of the ladies in the class and for the first time in a week I've smiled...  So ladies, if the butt is round,And you want a triple X throw down,Dial 1-900-MIXALOTAnd kick them nasty thoughtsBaby got back!
2	I've cancelled my personal training contract but am fighting with LA Fitness to get my money back for April as I cancelled on the date of billing.  They are fighting hard and I even tried to compromise with a proration since they had billed...they would not even do that.  Unreal...I am not visiting the gym for my regular membership until the training fee is resolved so I'm bummed.
3	Good overall gym. Staff needs to monitor equipment use more. Two days ago they were having meet your neighbors event. Other local businesses came in and set up little tables. What got me was they were serving PIZZA.... OH MY GOD... People are there trying to reach their goals and they serve pizza. The funny thing was when I was leaving one of the staff members was at the pizza table "Im hungry" I looked at his stomach and said to myself...."really"....Always out of paper towels to wipe equipment off because 75% of the members dont know health club etiquette. A lot of small kids on equipment with no parent supervision.
4	Two weeks of personal training with Sonia, and I'm hooked. All this fitness is new to me, but she is helping get past my intimidation. Initially I didn't want a female trainer, but was convinced to give her a shot and so far she's not disappointed. If you've not had your fitness assessment with Anthony, DOOO IIIIT!!! He does a great job, and he practically lives at the gym, so he knows his stuff  If you've been unsuccessful with your goals due to lack of accountability, I highly recommend signing up for personal training.... There is a no slacking policy... Sonia(or any of the trainers) will kick your a$$ and then Anthony will watch, from near and far, to make sure you're keeping up with the required cardio. Again, a little intimidating, but I guarantee you won't want to quit. I only didn't give this gym 5stars due to their choice of channels on the tv. It's NBA playoffs, they should have EVERY game on!!
5	Loved this gym since day 1. Great variety of equipment. Favorite part has been the time we've spent training with Kleven. Such a motivator! "Don't break it!" Great staff and have handled all our "customer service" needs. Gym always look clean and well maintained! Been going for about 18 months consistently!
5	We acquired our 3 day pass online. Traveled to Laveen and from the moment we met Cindy at the front desk we were treated with kindness, courtesy, and patience. We were very impressed at the attention devoted to us while we worked through all our silly questions. We participated in Pilates, Yoga, Swimming, and the Hot Tub. Each class was conducted professionally, the facility was very clean including the pool area, and the hot tub jets were awesome. We will definitely return to this club and will tell our friends as well.  Thank you LA Fitness in LaVeen!
4	It's very clean and well maintained. It has a little bit of something for everyone. There's usually an adequate amount of treadmills and ellipticals for even the busy hours. The staff is friendly enough, they are competent, most importantly. The pool is consistently nice - clean, good temperature, and won't gag you with chlorine. Unless you find it at the right time of day though, it can be really crowded.
4	Living nearby, I waited for what seemed like an eternity for LA Fitness to open. When it finally did open, I was not disappointed. I'm a regular in the morning and it's pretty clean. There are a few dumb-bells out there that can seem clean up after themselves but I don't fault the gym for their laziness. I would give this place 5 stars if they extended their hours on the weekend.
4	I am here quite frequently, and really think it's a great gym. It's clean, well maintained and it's convenient to my house. So overall, I am definitely a fan.However, minus one star because they don't offer spin classes other than 5:45am, 5:30pm daily and 6:45pm on Tues and Thurs. Most of the other LA Fitness gyms offer a 9:15am class at least 2-3x per week. This one does not. And given most people work until 5, it's hard to get to a class at 5:30. (And I'm not good at waking up to be at the gym at 5:45am)I will say that it gets very busy at night - so sometimes it's really hard to get a treadmill. So try and go as early as you can because 7pm is prime time and it's packed.
3	All of the staff is super nice and I love my personal sessions w James.  I also love spin class on Thursday nights w Chris and follow it up w yoga. However, I am not a fan of how predatory the males are. I've been a member at five gyms (this is the sixth) over the past decade and this one is by far the worst. The guys are disrespectful. I've tried going at a variety of hours and it's always packed (this is awesome on one hand but bothersome on the other).
3	All of the staff is super nice and I love my personal sessions w James.  I also love spin class on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday nights w Chris, yoga w Cristy on Thursdays, and Monday night yoga with Scott.However, I am not a fan of how predatory the males are. I've been a member at five gyms (this is the sixth) over the past decade and this one is by far the worst. The guys are disrespectful (I think I've actually caught a few of them taking photos on their mobile of females whilst they're lifting, myself included).  Creeptastic! I've tried going at a variety of hours and it's always packed.  This is awesome on one hand but bothersome on the other because people at this gym have nearly zero gym etiquette.  I've never seen anyone re-rack the weights, girls like to use stability balls on the ab/stretching mat (pick one, don't use both!), and people stand in front of others who are clearly trying to use the mirrors for form maintenance (just to list a few offenses).I'm confused by the seemingly young individuals that frequent this gym and, other than re-racking the weights, the issues mentioned above stem from the younger age group.The gym has the usual equipment; nothing fancy or special.  It'd be nice if they added water refill stations (the fountains don't cut it) and a swimsuit spinner to wring out your suit after laps.  Cleaning stations with proper sanitizers are completely missing (hand sanitizer stations only, no wipes or spray bottles) which is pretty inconvenient, let alone nasty.
1	This is the worst of the chain in the area. Weights never re-racked and equipment is beat. Place is filthy people leave paper towels and plastic water bottles every where. Rest room always smells as bad as it looks.
