3	So I don't have health or dental care. Yes, I'm one of 'those' people. So when I received a coupon from Dr. Chatterjee's Gentle Holistic Dentistry in the mail, offering a free exam and x-rays along with a $39 dollar cleaning, I made an appointment. I love going to the dentist. I wish I could go with the same frequency that most women get their hair done, alas, I cannot afford either luxury. So this was a treat, and at a discount too! I had a weekday morning appointment and was greeted promptly and warmly by Bonnie who took me into an exam room where I filled out forms and had my x-rays taken. Then Tanya, the hygienist, led me into another room for my cleaning. Tanya deserves 5 stars as a human being and 5 more as a hygienist. She explained her every move to me, performed various cancer and thyroid screenings and took great care and detail to clean every nook and cranny of my teeth. She literally spent an hour on me and I have really healthy, well-cared for teeth. She is fantastic! I wish I could say the same for Dr Chatterjee. She came in, asked me if I had any questions or concerns...I'm not positive she even looked in my mouth. She must have. I told her that I was fine but that I was concerned about one cosmetic aspect that a previous dentist botched and if it could be redone. She told me it could, but it would be better to just get 6 veneers at $1,200 each. Whoa, what?! That just jumped up a notch! This isn't even a big problem, and considering there is a much cheaper solution I was a little put off by her response. Then she said that the next time I come in she needs to take more x-rays. Of what? I only have 28 teeth, and they already took x-rays. I don't have any cavities, nor tooth pain or wisdom teeth to worry about so frankly this seems like a bid for me to spend yet more money. Look, I know I'm a cheap bastard but I don't have a dentist in Arizona and this was her chance to win me as a patient. Neither her personality nor her suggestions encourage me to return, though she is smart enough to employ Tanya, so we'll see...
1	During my initial consult, I was given a verbal estimate of $5700 for a 3 hour oral surgery (I only actually needed two extractions...), and the Dr. estimated that insurance would cover approximately $1200, leaving me with an out of pocket expense of $4500. I asked for and was promised a written estimate and an  insurance predetermination form within the week. I made it very clear that I wanted to seek a second opinion, as Dr. Chatterjee basically wanted to drill, fill, or remove every tooth in my mouth, even though I only had problems with two! She went so far as to mock and belittle me for wanting a second opinion, but that is nothing compared to what she did when I left her office.As I said, I was promised an insurance predetermination form and written estimate within the week. Three weeks later, I still did not have either in hand, so I cancelled my appointment for the following week (I gave 8 days notice). The day after the scheduled appointment, I received a bill from my credit card in the amount of $6000 (WAYYYY more than the verbal estimate), charged by good ol' Dr. Chatterjee on the day of my INITIAL CONSULT 4 weeks earlier!!!!! When I called to demand it be refunded immediately, I was initially told that I was not due a refund because I had not given sufficient cancellation notice. When I reminded her that her appointment card states that only 24 hours notice is required for cancellations, and that I had given more than a full week's notice, she reluctantly agreed to the refund. She then proceeded to drag her feet for nearly 10 more days before the refund was actually posted to my account.Long story short, STAY AS FAR AWAY FROM THIS "DOCTOR" AS YOU CAN!Oh yeah, and Doc, should you want to continue to push this matter, I STILL have every last piece of documentation that PROVES my story beyond any doubt. Bring it on!
5	Like a previous reviewer, I needed an affordable option. I'm new to the area and I needed a dentist here. The Valpak coupon was right on time... I take great care of my teeth and routine care was all I needed (cleaning, x-rays, etc...). At $49 with the coupon, who could say no?I called Bonnie to make my appointment and she was as sweet as they come. When I arrived for my Saturday (yay!) appointment, Bonnie was just as wonderful and easy to work with in person as she had been over the phone. I didn't get feel at all like I was being treated as a second-rate customer because I was using the deal.The office was small and older, but clean. No fancy frills that I had in my old dentist's office, but that wasn't important to me. The hygienist (I think it was Tanya) was a dream to work with. Thorough, knowledgeable and very personable. She answered all of my questions, worked quite methodically, and never made me feel like she was rushing through my appointment, which I appreciate in a dentist office these days where it can feel like quite the factory. She went over my x-rays with Dr. Chatterjee and me, answering whatever questions I had. When my cleaning was complete, Dr. Chatterjee came back into the examination room to go over everything. She, too, was very nice and thorough.As far as I'm concerned, i have found my new dentist for as long as I'm in Arizona. And it only took one try. I love them!
5	Way to go Center for Gentle Dentistry!  One of the worst aspects of moving to a new city is finding a new dentist.  They are typically under-reviewed on websites like this, and ones specifically aimed at dentistry always seem to cost money (ridiculous!)  I am pleased to announce that I will be heading to Dr. Chatterjee until the day that I either move far away or lose all of my teeth and only have to go to Walgreens for an update on Denture Adhesive.I am not what you would say, a dentist enthusiast.  I resent going there, and if not for Bonnie's gentle reminder phone calls Theres a decent chance that I would have missed all of my appointments.  Procedures are painless, I will admit I had a cavity or two and Dr. Chatterjee and her staff were really conscious of my fear.  The procedures were over in a snap too.I've had two dental insurance companies with the Center for Gentle Dentistry, and they took both and fought for pre-auth's when necessary.  I would highly recommend Ms. Chatterjee!
1	Wow, it looks like Dr. C is now begging (or paying) people to write "5 Star" reviews for her on Yelp. I wouldn't put it past her...
1	Make sure you read the "Filtered" review to get the REAL truth about this "dentist"... Ain't censorship grand? You write a review to warn people about some thieving fraud, and the review gets "filtered"....
