5	Had both a roof leak and damaged drywall repaired by Patterson.  Had another downpour this week, but no roof leak, so I'm very happy!  Drywall looks terrific.  Everyone we talked to was very personable, and the jobs were completed quickly.  Will call them any time we need a project done!
1	Horrible!!!Went through two managers before anything began. I should have known at that point not to use them. They promised to have my small bathroom tiled in a couple of hours. It's now been 6 days, and they have not finished. I am a teacher and have had to take two and a half days off to meet with them. They promised they would be here today. Again, no show!  I have to wait to have tile installed before carpet is installed. Will have to take another day off to do that. They laid tile up to the baseboard rather than removing baseboard. I didn't catch this until it was too late. When I called them on it, I was told most people like it that way and that it was an extra charge. Really? Most people like shoddy workmanship to save a couple of bucks? I don't think so. They left all kinds of garbage. Didn't clean up anything or replace the toilet they removed. I am beyond disgusted!  I will now have to hire someone else to complete the work. Never, ever hire this company unless you are a gluten for punishment!Very unhappy customer
5	My Wife and had several quotes to redo our guest bathroom from a few contractors. We honestly can't say enough about Alex and Burton. They were prompt and on time and very clean at the job site, and not to forget quick.They forecasted the job to take 3 days, and it was done in 2. Thanks! I would highly recommend Patterson with out a doubt. Job done so well, they're hired to remodel our kitchen and master bath as well.Thanks again it was a pleasure!David & Jenenne Fournier
5	So many times you read negative reviews. This is not one of those negative comments. Our experience with Patterson Remodeling was absolutely amazing. We have dealt with numerous contractors in the past and it was always a battle. Not so with Patterson Remodeling. I had my battle gear on when we started dealing with them, because they're a contractor. I soon found out they return calls, they do what they say they are going to do, when they said they were going to do it and they do it for a fair price. Like with any projects, there are bumps along the way however the difference is that they will make it right without asking for any addition money. They genuinely care about the work they do. We tiled our entire house (2,550 sq. ft.), painted all of the interior walls, replaced our kitchen counter top and the counter top in all three bathrooms. In addition, we tiled our bathroom showers and put new doors in each shower as well as other smaller projects. We actually trusted what they said and respected their opinion. We were very lucking to have Patterson Remodeling do our remodeling and strongly recommend them for any project you are contemplating.
