4	I was completely shocked to see all the cool stuff in this new complex behind the IKEA... And I'm in the midst of making my cubicle cute, so I decided to stop in for some fun at the World Market...  Let me tell you, the service here is outstanding! All I had to mention is that I was looking for purple things and I ended up with a personal shopper... lol  She took me all around, showing me the cutest items and we had a blast... From foods to furniture, you can go around the world in as little as an hour... I'm a little partial to checking out the snacks from other countries, so it takes me a little while longer...I usually have a decent time when I go to a World Market, but the organization (sure, they're new, but I'm hoping it stays this way) and the exuberant friendliness of the staff make me wish I lived closer to this side of town... I'll definitely be back when I have time...
5	It's a World Market like any other, but it's newer and nicely organized. Sure it will probably look busted by Christmas like the rest of them but for now it's a sheer joy to walk thru. It's packed to the rafters with stuff you need and stuff you never knew you needed. Lot's of great seasonal items, furniture and funky soaps. Prices are pretty good and they are always having sales and sending you coupons if you are signed up as a World Market Explorer member. I'll never get tired of this store.
4	Popped into World Market on a Saturday (7/27) around 1 pm and was greeted at the door by a sales associate, who offered me a cart and informed me that I was just in time for the Wine tasting.  What luck!  I had the opportunity to taste a Riesling, Wine Spritzer and a Malbec.  All delectable; decisions, decisions!  I bought the Wine Spritzer, which was made with white wine and pomegranate juice, and was a steal.  I moved on to the food section, where I picked up items I don't normally find in the grocery store.The store is jammed with all kinds of goodies, but is well organized, and there is plenty of staff on hand to assist.I proceeded to the checkout, where the service was fast and friendly.  Swiped my Explorer card and got an additional discount!  I love this place!
4	Today was my first time in this particular world market. I am a fan of the chain, but one thing I like about the store is the layout is similar in every one I've been to. This makes finding your favorite things at different stores so easy.  I found some really great stuff in there today. There were some sale items that I took advantage of and I was also able to find some foods I've been looking for. This store never ceases to amaze me! I love the quirky, earthy, worldly vibe. You really feel like your on a mini world tour when you go in. This particular store was very clean, neat, & organized. Everything was labelled correctly and it didn't seem like anything was out of place unlike some other world markets I've been in. The staff was very helpful and nice. Although the clerk at check out wasn't as fast as she could have been; she was very pleasant and even helped me set up my explorer card for what feels like the 5th time. All in all my experience was great & I can see myself stopping in on my way home from work frequently to see what new & exciting things I can find.
5	So, here's why I love this place.  Where else can you go to get a dining room set, cooking utensils, a shower curtain, earrings, the candy you ate in Japan that was so good you almost cried, the lager that knocked you off your bar stool in Germany, and the coffee that left you awake for 2 days in Italy?  No place, that's where.  As if this wasn't enough they throw in free wine tastings on Saturdays!  What?!!  Every time I walk into this store my mind is blown.  I regularly get Cafe Du Monde beignet mix, which is much cheaper than flying to New Orleans every time I get a craving, various snacks, and a variety of wines from all over the world.  Next up, is Pomula Passion Fruit Wine Spritz from South Africa which was on sale for $4.99.  Although the store offers sales frequently, you can get even better deals if you sign up to be a World Market Explorer member.  Like I said, I LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	My new addiction! I stumbled upon here after discovering Hobby Lobby was closed and just wanted to browse the area. The store is super clean and all of the staff members from the cashier to the employee cleaning up were so nice. I left with some snacks (loved their Asian section) and the prices were reasonable. The cashier also signed me up for a rewards card so I know I'll be back on a weekly basis.
5	What an incredible place! Everything you need and want, is right here at the World Market. I had such a great time here looking at vintage toys and browsing the international food selection.Be sure to ask for the rewards card, if one of the friendly cashiers forget to suggest it. Remember, with this reward program it isn't necessary for you to carry around a card. Also, at this particular location there is wine tasting available on Saturdays from 1-3pm!
5	Sitting at home at my brand new dining table that World Market helped me fit into my car. Thomas the supervisor and one of his sweet employees helped us take the table apart and fit it just barely into the back of our Subaru Outback. He ran in and out of the store to get tool sets and supplies to help us get the table home safely. Did I mention he was wearing a short sleeved polo shirt, it was 30 degrees, and snow outside? Great customer service is a dying art nowadays and it's amazing to have experienced it today. Especially at a store you'd imagine is there just to sell you homegoods and send you on your way. I can't thank Thomas enough for such a great experience and he's definitely made a customer for life.
4	This is a great, brand new store!I came here the other day with my mom while we were en route to Ikea.  The store is new, well stocked, clean and staff was very friendly.  We came shortly after Valentine's day, and it looked like they were switching around some 50% off signage.  It was a little bit confusing to figure out what was on sale, but not out of the ordinary.  Unfortunately this location is out of the way for me, but when I'm on my way to Ikea, I'll definitely pop back in here just to look around.
2	I first went in last weekend and had the same experience again so here's the review.  The store is a nice idea but for calling itself a world market it only seems to have European styled items (except food), there may be more but the store is so cramped that is hard to get around.  The salespeople walking around are pretty pushy about trying to get you to sign up for things or buy more then you're looking to get. I had someone yesterday argue with me when I said I didn't need a basket. Checking out is just as pushy, it really kills any desire for me to back a third time.Prices also seem to be inflated since it's a trendy place. Most items I had a chance to look at before I had to get out of the way in the narrow aisles were cheaper elsewhere with a better shopping experience.  Overall if you want to pay more for a worse experience this is your place, at least you'll be able to tell everyone you bought it at World Market.
5	I was greeted when I came in, found all the amazing stuff I wanted, then I freaked out after I got to checkout and realize I forgot my 20% off coupon at home. Standing at checkout only minutes before they closed, I proceeded to checkout, as the cashier asked how I was doing I mentioned that I forgot my coupon, he reached in the drawer and scanned a coupon and told me not to worry about it! It made my day and I was so happy! Love this store and the staff!
4	Talk about teamwork!! I came from Raleigh specifically for a piece of furniture for our new house. The store in Cary called several stores. I told them I would be in Charlotte and they called stores there. We arrived at this one and there was only a floor model.The staff made several phone calls to other stores in the area and held one for us. We wound up going to the Mooresville location but overall a great team effort and helpful staff.Also, I had a coupon that was going to expire along with the sale price but they said they would honor both since I put it on hold!
4	Interesting an unique odds and ends from everywhere.I have a mixed relationship with this store. I love the opportunities to acquire stuff from ever so far away but the costs are prohibitive. I have trouble walking out of here without spending at least $100 in English candies, imported beers and spices from Asia. Grrr...
4	This store has a decent selection of different food products from various international countries, which is mainly what I've stopped in for. They have a lot of unique and interesting products but some are a bit on the pricy side. World Market has a great selection of spices, sauces, coffees, and seasonal products that I like though and a decent amount of kitchenware. They also appear have quite a few alcoholic products and some good looking furniture but I've never really looked through either. If you're looking for an international product you can't find anywhere else, this is definitely the place to go.
