1	Liked the Doctor but beware of their billing practices.  I went to this doctor and then a year later they are trying to bill for monies that were paid by my medical insurance. Also they never contacted me stating that any monies were owed to them.  No statements, letters or phone call NOTHING!  Next thing I know I was surprised by a notice from my credit monitoring service that they placed a negative report on my credit report.  After investigating this debt I called my insurance company and found that this was paid to the doctor and now the doctor is in violation of their insurance contract by trying to bill for additional monies.   BEWARE this doctors office is a credit nightmare!
5	Best doctor in Las Vegas Dr Dempsey is very carining herr staff is very pleasant and very helpful I would highly recommend this doctor  to anyone in Las Vegas area.
5	After my primary care doctor of 6 years retired last year I was faced with the roulette wheel of finding anew doctor. I tried looking for one with good reviews etc and visited 3 other doctors before finding Dr. Dempsey. Being a new patient I know the procedure and the wait for an appointment. If you can get in right away as a new patient you can bet the doctor is not worth spit. I was finally able to get into Dr. Dempsey's practice and by agreeing to see one of her PA's Tamika I was able to get in sooner. Great PA and I am so glad I found them. During the initial interview of my concerns and needs Tamika knew right away that I needed to up my hormones. After 4 months we are still working on the right dosage but I am feeling better. I also had a spectra cell test done which found I am deficient and I mean no sign of several vitamins and minerals that are necessary to feeling good. I have been on the program to bring my levels up to normal for a month and again am feeling better. I sleep better and am getting my energy back. I have had no issues with billing or talking to someone when needed even when they are busy. We need more doctors like Dr. Dempsey and her staff. Thank you all.
5	Las Vegas needs more doctors like Dr. Dempsey.  Never rushed she always listens to your needs and concerns and is able to provide expert care.  I love that there is a Q lab on site which is helpful.  The wait times are often very short. The staff are friendly and helpful.  I highly recommend Dr. Dempsey to anyone considering switching doctors.  I personally decided to switch from Meadows Women's Center to Dr. Dempsey due to the extreme wait times at Meadows.  I have recommeded her to friends and family too. She is worth the wait to get in as a first time patient.  Act now!
