4	This is Village Pub's newest location, tucked into a little center with a taco shop and a storage facility on Bermuda between Pyle and Cactus.  (The address on their website gives you the wrong area - the address I've given is correct.)The food here is great - MUCH better than you'd expect from a pub.  It's always plated very nicely, with garnishes and finishing touches that you wouldn't expect at this price.This place is famous for their fish and chips, and with good reason.  Three HUGE pieces of fish with a mound of fries that's easily big enough to share.They always seem to have a couple of steak specials in addition to their daily specials.  I've never had a bad steak (or even a mediocre one) here - always tender and juicy, and cooked just perfectly!  On our last visit, my husband tried the Pub Pot Pie - a hulking puff pastry covered crock of chicken-y goodness and vegetables.  It was absolutely amazing.  According to their website, they're introducing new menu items at this location, but the regular menu is still fabulous.This is the kind of place where you'll get to know your server over the course of the meal and probably the folks next to your table as well.  The food is better and the prices lower than other pubs in this area and the atmosphere is more like a restaurant than a bar.  The service is always attentive and friendly, and I doubt that will change much once the word gets out and this location gets busier.In the meantime, Village Pub is high on our list of favorite places to go when we want a great meal close to home.
5	I live Walking distance from this place and have driven by on my way to and from work everyday and there always seemed to be lots or cars in the parking lot. So i kept telling myself i would go check it out. So last night we decided to go out to dinner and a drink and I figured what better way to do it than going to the village pub. As soon as you walk in there is a restaurant type dining area to the right and the bar seating to your left. We walked in at about 6:50 and happy hour apparently ends at 7:00 but the bar tender gave us all happy hour prices on our drinks which is $2 beer and $2 well drinks as well as $2 off all appetizers, which is a sweet deal when the most expensive app is like $6. We tried the stuffed potato wedges which are delicious, my wife ordered the Fish and Chips and I ordered the Pub burger...As for the fish and chips..... " WOW"  absolutely amazing. Definitely not the type of fish and chips you expect in the middle of the desert. The Burger was also Very Very good, cooked exactly how I asked and it was very tasty.  This is now a go to place, we had 2 drinks an appetizer and 2 meals for $26 and won $25 on the keno machine at the bar so in all reality we payed $1 for an amazing meal.  Oh and i almost forgot, they have a 24 hour full menu... SO if you are thinking about getting some food late The neighbor Roberto's is not the only choice..
5	Every meal I have here is good.  I love the pancakes and breakfast burrito.  The staff is very nice and helpful (love Donna Jo), the service is great and the price is right.  :)
5	OMFG, one of the best steak and eggs I have so far. The best part about their steak and eggs is that it's 24 hours! You don't have to wait until midnight.
4	I've heard about this place for a couple of years and finally decided to try it yesterday. I was jonesing for some fish and chips and these didn't disappoint. Loved that the server offered me Malt Vinegar without asking. I ordered a side salad and it was very reminiscent of the kind I used to get at the local diner in high school, 100+ years ago. I am looking forward to going back for breakfast and can guarantee that it will be better than my recent experience at Ihop(sigh.....)
4	Love this place! Food is Fantastic and the Bartenders are very friendly! The only downside here is the winnings! Not enough for sure =)
4	I dont live too far from The Village Pub.  It's nestled in between a 24-hour taco shop and a storage facility.  It promises video poker jackpots and a friendly atmosphere.  Needless to say it's not overly inviting from the outside - but proximity as well as the opinions of fellow Yelpers finally convinced me to try out this nearby restaurant.As with most local bars, you can choose to go into a restaurant portion or the bar portion of the building.  The restaurant is smoke free, and although this location is relatively new, the restaurant interior suggests otherwise.  Everything is clean and in good condition - it just looks much older.We went for dinner on Saturday night and there were only a few other patrons seated inside.  There was no hostess stand or any sign directing us to seat ourselves.  The waitress walked by where we were standing, even said hello, but never told us to seat ourselves.  Not a big deal, just a weird interaction.Having read the reviews on Yelp I knew what kind of menu to expect.  I knew I wanted a burger and I knew DC was going to get the fish and chips.  We also decided on a pint of EI beer and the sweet potato tots.  The waitress was very pleased with our tots selection and really started raving about them.  When they came out, they were served with plastic tub of syrup - our waitress said the syrup took the tots to a whole different level.She was right.  Seriously.  sweet potato tots may hold the key to world peace.  They were hot and sweet and savory all at the same time.  They had the right amount of crunch and were not greasy at all.  These would be great for breakfast, great for kids as a side dish, and definitely great at 3am after having a couple beers at the bar next door.  DC loved his fish and chips.  Three giant pieces of cod that were seriously fresh.  DC marveled at how good it was, and he was disappointed that he was served more food than he could comfortably fit into his belly.I ordered the Southwest burger, which was topped with sauteed onions and jalapenos, cheese, and guacamole (also chipotle mayo, but I opted out).  This burger was massive, hot, and delicious.  Mine was cooked a little more well done than I asked for, but I'm not overly picky about that.  The burger had serious spice from the jalapenos, but it was fantastic.Overall, the food was far better than the exterior of the building suggests.  The price was ridiculously low for what we got.  Our waitress was very friendly, even though a little awkward at times.  I can't speak to the rest of the Village Pub locations and the quality of their food, but if you're ever down in this part of the Valley, stop in and get some exceptional food at a fantastic price.
5	The bartenders are really friendly and the cesser salad was really good. They add extras like tomato, onion and avacado. The happy hour special was $2.00 a drink.  Seriously,  for a little local gaming pub near home, it is a nice little find.
1	We always go to the Pub on Eastern in Henderson. The food is usually great but at this one it sucks! We ordered 3 steak specials all rare. Each one came out different. One was so raw it didn't even have grill marks on it. We had to wait 20 mins for drink refills. I wouldn't suggest this location to anyone.
4	I love coming here for their breakfast. Their menus won't show it, but they offer "Steak & Eggs" which consists of two eggs, steak, choice of toast, and potatoes, all for $6.99. Your wallet and stomach will be happy, trust.Pros:- Steak & Eggs*. Great value for your money.- Video poker machines at the bar.Cons:- Ambiance can be a bit depressing in the breakfast hours. I don't know about their lunch and dinner hours though.- A few miles away from the Las Vegas strip.*Steak & Eggs is not to be confused with "Ham Steak & Eggs"
3	Close to home (for me, at least) and CHEAP!  If you're a food snob, you will probably leave unsatisfied, but for the price, you can't beat it.  I went on a weeknight with a girlfriend and the place was empty aside from a few people at the bar.  I ordered the Biscuits and Gravy (my favorite breakfast food) because I would like to know where I could satisfy the craving close to home and it was HELLA cheap.  Although it was cheap, I just couldn't stomach it.  It had a weird flavor and weird texture.  I really enjoy a thick and creamy gravy with a TON of sausage (there was barely any sausage in the gravy, but that's a norm for most restaurants- I'm not giving 3 stars for that) and this gravy certainly is thick and creamy, so I was excited when it arrived at the table.  I cannot describe the flavor, it just wasn't like any sausage gravy I've ever eaten (restaurant or at home) and it was a little gritty- almost like there was too much flour or something?I also ordered the Root Beer (whatever is on the menu- I have no idea about it's name), which was pretty delicious!Service is pretty friendly and quick (except the waitress seemed a little annoyed that we took so long to decide what we wanted to order...).  My only real problem with this place is the smoke.  When you walk in, you practically walk into an ashtray.  The stench of stale cigarettes is strong, even when there aren't any smokers.  Is this a ventilation issue or just life in Las Vegas?
5	Great staff.  We love Paul.  I've gone to this place for years and it always is a great place to play video poker and drink.
5	Best bar food in town!! Hamburgers are amazing, fried shrimp specials on Friday are amazing, Angus sliders amazing, meatball sliders amazing, Cobb salad add chicken fingers amazing.  Fish and chips amazing.  Just really great food at a good price. Won't be disappointed.  Been going to this one and other Village Pub's in town for over 10 years. Our favorite comfort food spot!
