5	Outdoors. Beer. Food from local restaurants (Parc, Brit and Chips,etc..). Oh ya and OYSTERS!!  Shane Murphy live on stage!!  Awesome!
3	Our first year at the Montreal Oysterfest was fun.  We enjoyed sampling the restaurants' creations, especially the oyster bar and the shrimp roll from Baxo, but thought the entertainment (Bloody Caesar competition, oyster shucking contest...) was a little lacklustre and could use improvement.  We recommend you check out the food stands in the future, but don't cancel any party plans to stay there too long (we ended up going to Terrasses Nelligan afterward).
4	What I liked:- great location in Old Port- samples from Restaurant Communion: 2 oysters with topping of potatoes, smoked scallops, chimichurri souce, and a glass of  beer from a small brewery for a $5 ticket was the best deal in the whole event and they were DELICIOUS.- 1/2 lobster for $10 (2 tickets) Areas for improvement:- it took FOREVER to buy tickets using credit/debit cards at the door that created a huge lineup at the entry- one restaurant was offering pastries that looked great but covered with wasps, so not many were willing to take a chance to approach the stand- maybe not the best idea to pick on a client's accent if you want to make a sale of your t-shirts/get a donation
4	Holy Hannah this is a hoot hollering fun time for the Transport night when all the transport industry in Montreal gathers for an evening of cracking oysters, slurping them down and having some drinks while a band gets the party started.  I was a fortunate soul that I had the chance to hang out in the VIP area where they shuck the oysters for you and the food selection is provided plus the drinks are free.  They did have the big Malpeques but there was also a NB one and also a PEI one that was a bit more salty (sorry forgot names).  My preference is to have the oysters with malt vinegar with shallots.  MMMmmmm delish kanish!  On this evening I must have slurped 20 oysters.  Also there was a variety of other finger food, some type of german grilled sausage, a very nice shrimp salad, some cold pizza, cheese and crackers and many other condiments. The event was lively the food was good and great company by all networking!   Only complaint is the entrance and flow of people coming in is really bad.  Also the parking is always bad.  It sours the evening a bit but not by much!  It was the same last year!
