4	Supa Kuru is super kawaii, an absolute overload of cuteness. It's a gift shop selling predominantly baby presents such as handmade toys, quirky bibs and little cutlery sets so if you have friends or family with new arrivals this place is a one stop shop and you'll be able to pick up something with a little bit more character than the mass produced items in high street kids shops.As well as gifts for tots they also have a good selection of stationary and various other accessories. I really like their Momiji collection and on my last visit I spotted a peculiar looking cushion in the shape of an owl definitely a must have! I guess like most gift shops they items in here serve an ornamental function rather than any kind of functional purpose but I love receiving this kind of stuff as a gift.Overall a great little shop, bright and airy and even though it's quite small I could spend quite a while browsing through all the wares.
4	With the possible exception of heinous and brutal war crimes, I'm in general a lover of all things Japanese. Supa Kuru isn't quite as firmly entrenched in the Land of the Rising sun as nearby Cutie House, but the country's influence on much of the cute and quirky toys on sale is plain for all to see.Aimed more at children than other gift shops where the target audience is teen and twenty-something girls, some of the toys and gifts on sale at Supa Kuru are absolutely beautiful. After my nephew was born, I came very close to buying him a stuffed lion from here, but my inner geek took over and I ended up getting him a Mario cuddly toy from Cutie House instead. It's currently half-eaten and under a couch somewhere.
4	Located on quirky Cockburn street, this shop is solely dedicated to Japanese made gifts, dolls and toys. Add to this funky cards, stationary and wrapping paper it's a great reference for a last minute gift. I would say mostly for the fairer of the sex (although my guy friend got over excited with some sort of doll they had- geek).It is connected to Cookie Shop(dresses etc) and they are both certainly a splash of colour and fun to browse around in. However, I do find this place overpriced for the plastic toys it sells- which you probably either use once or forget on some shelf somewhere. It's super- cuteness of gifts can annoy some but others will love it- at least I do!
3	Like Cutie House down the road, Supa Kura is a shop selling Japanese themed gifts and toys. But unlike its strangely charming neighbour who feels somehow curiously genuine, Supa Kura just feel a little bit like its selected a gimmick.Supa Kuru offers gifts, stationery and toys, in a contemporary Japanese aesthetic, mostly oriented toward children, teenagers and Japanophiles. It has some nice things, and it all looks very appropriate in its setting, but I'm not sure if its anything I would really want to take home with me. The one exception might be the stationery, some of which is appealing.Maybe I'm just a bit off by the price. It's all quite expensive for what you get. I might be more persuaded if I felt I was buying some quirky toy for a child at a bargain price. As of yet I don't. Nonetheless the shop isn't a bad one and will probably appeal more to others.
