5	This place is clean!!!  The staff is friendly, knowledgable and professional.  The instruments are sterilized after each use.  The atmosphere is relaxed and welcoming.  You just can't find a better place for a pedicure in central Phoenix.  Oh, and prices are reasonable!
4	Was driving by and saw this nail salon so I decided to stop in for a much needed pedicure!! Such a cute little salon! Great cozy atmosphere and very friendly staff. It wasn't like other places where you are rushed in and out. My nail technician, Anh, took her time and provided me a very relaxing pedicure which was exactly what I was looking for! Will definitely be coming back for more!
5	This place is clean, they use foot soaks with disposable liners. They also seem very proud of their cleanliness and sanitation practice. I am so glad to have found a salon like this so close to my home.
5	Moved to central Phoenix about 4 months ago and been looking for a nail salon since then - stopped in with a friend of mine as we were driving by and within the first 10 mins realized that this was now my place.Staff was soo friendly, my feet were pampered in a way they had not been in probably years, and the place is clean - You can really tell the owners love what they are doing and are trying to do everything right, and so far everything is right.
5	Great place! I will not go anywhere else for my Gelish manicure. Very clean, cute decor, lots of experience and amazing color choices. My Gelish manicure lasts for weeks with no chips or peeling - Shannon, my nail tech, knows what she is doing!
5	You won't be disappointed. I heard about this place from 2 diff people so I had to try it out. I loved the cute location and loved my nails. The owner, Sabrina, takes as much time as she needs to make sure you have exactly what you want. She works hard and puts her clients first. This is the type of business I love to support!
4	Shannon saved my nails!  An adorable shop, very clean and quality products.  Shannon spent real quality time on my "Retreat" pedicure and really worked wonders with my manicure.  My hands came to her in terrible condition.  I already scheduled my next appointment and I do not usually do that at nail salons.  I recommend making an appointment rather than walking in...this is not your typical nail salon.
4	Exclusive nails is my favorite place for pampering in dt Phoenix. A little pricey for what it is, but it's worth it. My mani lasted 3 weeks!! And Esther is one of the nicest people I've met here in the valley. Overall, if you can spare the few extra bucks, go to Exclusive nails and get REAL service.
5	I had my third gel manicure ever here, and it has lasted perfectly for about 16 days so far.  My prior manicures looked all right, but started to peel up around my cuticles after a week, making it impossible not to peel them off, which I immediately regretted. Considering that the quality of service and atmosphere are so much better than the usual crappy salon, the prices at Exclusive are super reasonable.  Super, super reasonable.The manicure has even lasted through my very damaging hobby of jewelry making, which includes being exposed to various chemicals, and being hit with the metal file every so often when my hand slips!  The only reason I'll be having it taken off soon is because I can't stand for my nails to grow past a certain length.  If not for the growing nails, this manicure shows no signs of degradation.  Pretty impressive.Highly recommend!
5	I really enjoyed getting my nails done here. Shanon, did an AWESOME Job!!. I will definitely go again!Crystal Dryer
5	This place rocks. The staff is awesome and their nail work is unbeatable. I will be back!
3	I had high hopes for Exclusive Nails, but I do not think I'll return. The salon is small, but cute and very clean. They have an extensive assortment of nail polishes and they only use OPI which I love. My appointment was for 10:15 and my nail tech started on me immediately. She did not make small talk which is cool with me, but she didn't introduce herself either. The other nail tech asked her a question which is how I found out her name.The manicure was just okay. She left space between the polish and my cuticle which is not a good look on newly manicured nails. The salon is nice, the price was reasonable and the music was unbeatable. All that can not make up for a so-so manicure.
2	Place is lovely, got a great gel mani from sabrina. The first time. Was ecstatic to find a good place near Central.  Today i returned for the third time, excited once again. They close at 7, but I came in amd there was only one girl who was taking her last client- at 5:30pm, was borderline rude. I think she just wanted to go home early. This place is not good for walk-ins at all. They'll give you looks if you don't have an appointment- i know because i came back three times and each time there was always a reason why the couldn't take me.
5	I have been coming here for over a year now because of the service. They strongly recommend booking an appointment prior to your visit so your time with their nail techs are guaranteed and not rushed. They take their time and pay attention to detail. Won't cheat an them with any other place and will continue to come here until I get kicked out or my nail tech Shannon leaves! She's the best!
5	Over a year ago, I stumbled upon Exclusive Nails. Before this I never got regular nail services, and figured it was a one time deal to remove my terrible Gel manicure I got in Scottsdale as a Christmas gift. Little did I know I would be a monthly regular a year later. Shannon was the nail tech I met with and I have been seeing her ever since. She is professional and personable, the best combination, and does an absolutely incredible job, my Gellish mani and pedis last forever. Scheduling is always a breeze and the salon is so clean and adorable. The manager/owner is also wonderful and makes everyone who walks through the doors feel comfortable. I feel lucky to have found such a great local, independent shop on 7th Ave and send anyone who asks about my nails there without hesitation.
3	Great place if you don't want anything unusual. When I go to a salon, I expect the technician to be able to give me ideas.
4	I called to make a pedicure appt for 3 people a day prior to when we wanted to have our feet done & got an attitude from the girl who answered the phone. She wanted everyone's phone # that I couldn't provide because I was driving so she came back at me with, "Well are YOU one of the 3 manicures???" I told her yes & she rudely asked for my # which I politely gave her. This first experience REALLY worried me about how we were going to be treated once we got there, but whoever answered the phone must not have been there because the 2 women who did our pedicures were absolutely amazing. Next time I call, if I get an attitude, I'll be sure to get her name. She's why I'm not giving them 5 stars. Oh & don't walk in because they seem to constantly have people there waiting. I even understand appointments should come first. You're at the nail salon people. Not the emergency room. Calm down.
5	Today was my first visit to this shop. I wanted to try the gelish manicure. I booked my appointment online through yelp. When I got there, I was greeted warmly and professionally by Shannon. She got to work right away. I was pleased with both her efficiency and her friendliness. She really seemed to pay attention to details. I will go back. Convenient, accessible location; reasonable prices; nice, clean facility; friendly staff who like working there.
5	Last year, I walked in here to see if anyone could get me in for a Gelish manicure, and luckily, Shannon was available right away. She really took her time to make sure they turned out perfectly, and they lasted for a month without any chips at all! I knew after that visit that I wouldn't be going anywhere else to get my nails done ever again.  I continued to see Shannon every few weeks for gel manicures and I left very impressed every time. The one time that I asked for nail art, she did it exactly how I wanted and it was absolutely perfect. Recently, I decided to get longer nails and wanted to try Shannon's hard gel technique. This is really like nothing else, and I think it is way better than acrylics. It is stronger and shinier and bonds to your entire nail, so they will never pop off no matter what. The gel is also thinner than acrylics so when it grows out, you don't have a huge bump. I've been wearing them for 6 weeks now, and they have never broken or chipped at all, they are seriously so strong! Shannon has a very good eye for shaping them perfectly, and is a total perfectionist. I wanted to try the new trend of pointy "stiletto" nails last time, and they came out better than I could have imagined. She custom blends the polish color of your choice into the gel, so the color will never chip, but since it's the top layer only, you can change the color every time you get them filled. And since she makes the colors custom, she can literally do ANY color you want. Of course, the incredible quality of the services includes an extreme respect for cleanliness and sanitation. They make a big deal of having all their clean implements stored separately, used once, and then put away to be sanitized again. Shannon even sanitizes her hands right in front of me every time. Every product is labeled, and everything is a top of the line salon brand. There are no mystery lotions or oils in unmarked bottles here.To top all this off, Exclusive's prices are extremely fair. You are personally pampered and receive a VERY high quality service every time. You are never rushed through to get to the next waiting client and they never talk on the phone or to each other while ignoring you. I have found their prices to only be a couple dollars more than what you would pay at a typical nail salon in a strip mall. They do take walk ins, but because they do like to take their time with every client, I would recommend that you should probably call ahead and make an appointment just to make sure you get in. I have even called just one day before and got in the next morning. After experiencing the serious quality and spa-like experience at Exclusive Nails, I will never go anywhere else!
