4	I will never, ever turn down a chance to see Cirque du Soleil. I don't care if it's a bunch of retired Cirque performers offering a street show, I'll probably go. Hence, when I heard about Alegria coming to town, I was delighted that the show was Uptown! So much closer than Concord :)Alegria is typical Cirque fashion - amazing acrobatic and gymnastic feats, humorous and entertaining clowns and some interesting but beautiful vocal abilities. This particular show started off quite slow for me, there is a man on an incredible high swing who opens the show - nice to watch, but I expected more twists, flips, daring tricks, etc. with an opening act. However, once the show got started, it didn't disappoint. Here are a few of my favorite acts, stop reading if you're going to Alegria and you want to be surprised! Man on the freestanding poles/spikes: This guy must have been a world class gymnast and yogi his entire life. Absolutely incredible. The balance, strength and flexible this guy exhibits is astounding. Pair of incredibly flexible ladies: I'm certain no one is supposed to bend that way, but this pair blew my mind - almost in a frightening, stomach turning kind of way. Seeing backs fold in half with their feet on their heads and balance on top of one another makes me want to go to yoga more often. And they make it look so, so easy. Trampoline gymnasts: Since I love to watch gymnastics, this act was a really fun one to watch. The stage opens up a cross style trampoline where performers showcased some fantastic talents. There's so much going on during this act, it's really hard to focus on just one performer! Normally the clowns bore me, but these were quite funny, save one particular snowy scene with a homeless clown. Intermission is 20 minutes and just about every seat in Time Warner Cable is a good one for this show. If you get the chance, Alegria is a solid traveling Cirque show.
4	I'm a huge fan of Cirque du Soleil, so jumped at the chance to see it when I heard the show was coming to Time Warner Arena. I've been to a few other shows, with LOVE in Vegas being my favorite; if you get a chance to see that one, definitely go. It's my opinion that the traveling shows aren't quite as elaborate as the shows put on in Vegas, but Alegria definitely did not disappoint. Now, I'm not a fan of clowns. Just overall not a fan (goes back to the days of the Stephen King book/movie "IT"), but the clowns in this show were quite entertaining. Although I will say the only slow part of the show for me was a homeless clown scene with a train that didn't seem to fit in with the rest of the show about "happiness." But I digress. On to the high points of the show...Balancing Guy: this guy was unbelievable. I was completely awed by watching him balance on his hands on the tiny circles placed on the poles while showing amazing strength and flexibility. Tough to describe; fantastic to witness.Yogi ladies: best description for these ladies who were bending in ways that was just unnatural yet amazing at the same time. To give you an idea, they can bend over backward and basically place their bum on their heads while simultaneously balancing on each other and resting their heads on their own feet. I can hear you thinking "impossible" from here, but I saw it with my own eyes. Gymnastics: I used to do gymnastics, and even more importantly, love watching the crazy forms of twists, spins, and flips that the Cirque performers effortlessly did throughout the show. Whether it be on a trampoline or in the air swinging on bars, they did some pretty shocking tricks. Great show, and it seems like all available seats have a good view of the stage. You should definitely check it out.
4	An inherent problem with writing reviews is previous experience.  At first glance, this would not seem to be a problem - you would want someone with familiarity to share their knowledge to help you make an informed decision.  Unfortunately, that experience brings with it prejudice as well.One restaurant is invariably compared to another on atmosphere, food quality and service, whether it is a dive bar, national fast-food chain or a well-regarded, highly-ranked (and perhaps expensive) dining option.There may be no better example than Cirque du Soleil.Many may have no option to view one of the more permanent Cirque installations, and the traveling varieties do not stop in every city - yet here in Charlotte we have had the chance to see no less than four, without having to go very far in the process.That means one show under Le Grand Chapiteau will surely be held up to the next in Time Warner Arena, and the content will be analyzed in a similar fashion, when in reality they may have little to do with one another other than the Cirque name.When compared on the grand scale, Alegria will likely fall short of a production such as Totem, as while Alegria had solid performances, those in Totem were just better.  For instance, if you compare the guy on the poles in Alegria to those on the poles in Totem - the performances were similar, but one was more impressive.  It is like comparing your average male to Ron Jeremy.  There are going to be shortcomings.If you look at Alegria on its own merits, however, you see things differently.  The troupe that opened the show, the clowns that handled scene changes, often by interacting with the crowd, the guy in the hula hoop and the haunting vocal performance were all excellent.  There were some issues - at least two performers missed their tricks, and it may have caused the rest of the scene to be cut short.  There was no such problem noticed in Totem.Overall, the show was quite good, but it was more in line with an upscale version of a traditional circus than something like Totem, which is more like a Broadway show.  Keep that in mind.And remember that everyone has pole envy now and again.
4	If there was ever to be a Cirque du Soleil song stuck in your head, it would be from Alegria. I woke up singing, "Alegria, Alegria, Alegriaaaaa!" (That is the extend of my memory of the lyrics.) I love entertaining shows and Alegria did not disappoint! I loved the Parisian take on the circus...from the songs, to the costumes, and to the creative clowns. I found myself completely fascinated by some of the acts: yoga-pretzel females, to the guy rolling around in a giant hoop, to the acrobats. The main clown characters made me really laugh...they were just so funny! I had a great time! It had been a long week at work and Alegria transported me from reality into an imaginative space of pure fun! It was in a great location...but they are really strict about not bringing in cameras. Phones with cameras are fine (not sure how they differentiate the two), but if you have just a camera the supervisor is adamant about taking it back to your car...even if you parked on the very opposite end of Uptown. (He was not friendly.) Go have fun, but leave your camera behind! "Alegriiiaaaaa!"
4	ALEEEEGRIIIIIIAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!This is not my first Cirque Show, but as others have suggested and the elder lady to the right of me "The first half of the show is pretty slow." This has all of the elements one could want to see. For the women, hot buff guys showing off the manly strength and agility while harnessing the energy of fire, and having one guy somehow have the strength to lift himself up by one hand in some sort of position that just does not look comfortable, which makes all of us men wonder how that is possible. (This is coming from a guy who can barely reach his toes to tie his shoes). For the Guys, you have very flexible, and attractive women flipping and jumping and then , well there's the contortionists.  I will keep these comments to myself, as I know you all have the same ideas.  It's just not right to be able to bend and move that way.....I truly believe that she did not have a spine.  She was awesome.The show overall was very good, but the clown scenes seemed to be a little long, especially the snow scene......but the clowns were funny, and involved a few guests which were very entertaining as well.The seats were only half full for our show, but was worth the price of admission, as this is truly a remarkable group of entertainers.I would recommend all to attend this show, even though it ends tomorrow, as it is a great way to spend the weekend.Show is approx 2 hrs with a 20 min intermission.NCFoodGuy
4	This was my first Cirque du Soleil show and despite some negative reviews on Alegria  I had read on other sites,  I went with an open mind.  I was not in the least bit disappointed.  Sure, parts of the show were a little slower than others, but overall, I really enjoyed it.  The live band and singers did an excellent job providing the perfect audio backdrop for the mezmerizing visuals of the tumblers/gymnasts, trapeze artists, and contortionists.  I was completely in awe of the physical feats that these people are capable of.  These folks are ultimate professionals and executed  all of their tasks efficiently.  I am not a big fan of clowns, but I thought that these were not too obnoxious. A couple of their skits ran a little long in my opinion, but I am sure the little ones in the audience enjoyed these bits. Overall, I found the show to be well balanced and very well done.  I look forward to my next Cirque du Soleil show!
4	I was lucky enough to score some tickets thanks to my roomie who brought me along! We had a fantastic time watching the show and I HIGHLY recommend it! Overall it is visually and musically stunning! The acrobatics are incredible and it is clear that these artists of precision are beyond dedicated. My only complaint is the clown portion. I suppose this is what always kept me from enjoying traditional circus shows...perhaps I saw Stephen King's "IT" too many times as a child. While some of the clowns acts were funny - the look (and in particular one of their laughs) was downright creepy. Some of these portions went on entirely too long for my taste and I just felt that overall they seemed disjointed from the rest of the performances - which were much more beautiful and unique.That being said, I cannot wait to see another Cirque show as it truly was a magical experience!
4	In all my visits to the grand ole Vegas, I've never been able to muster up the courage to pry myself away from the dance floor, drop the dice and roll up into Cirque show. 10 million trips later and I'm still mumbling to myself on the long rides home, "dangit we should have saw O".Lucky for me, Yelp is my friend and takes care of me like that same old rich uncle I never had. With some really good seats, I got to finally see what I've been missing all along. It's like a bad acid trip, err or maybe a good one. Or maybe a 'shroom trip. I dunno, but Cirque is so crazy, it's probably one of the three.As Nicole put it, emotional is right. I dunno how else to describe it. A kaleidoscope of visual, acoustic and even a 4D-ish element. The undertones are kinda dark; not quite Pan's Labyrynth, but a little more Amelie.The costumes and clowns are kinda creepy, but the cute foreign voice made them cute again. The contortionist were kinda like a train wreck. Twisted, ahem, pardon the pun, but yet I couldn't look away. The acts were immaculately orchestrated, the band played an amazing soundtrack, and the entire show came together like Hemingway novel. Well worth the money and I'm going to make sure I never pass it up again.
5	I used to live in Orlando and saw Cirque du Soleil's "La Nouba" numerous times.  I enjoy it so much that I measure all other Cirque shows against it.  After moving to Charlotte several years ago, one of the touring Cirque shows paid a visit (I can't even recall its name right now).  I happily bought tickets and was sadly disappointed.  Everything about it was just awful.  It wasn't the quality of entertainment that I expected from the Cirque brand, based on my knowledge of "La Nouba."  Next came Cirque's "Totem."  I was already soured by the last touring Cirque show that I had no interest in this one, especially since it was being housed at the racetrack/speedway.  How tacky is that?  "Alegria" came along recently and, after reading positive reviews and seeing that it was a revived show (and playing Uptown in the arena instead of a dirty racetrack), I decided to give it a chance.  I wasn't disappointed.  "Alegria" was fantastic.  The stunts were amazing, the music was beautiful, the clowns were extremely humorous, and we had awesome seats (not too close because then you can't see everything that's going on!).   My only disappointment might be that a lot of the same stunts in "Alegria" were/are being used in "La Nouba."  Still, since I love "La Nouba," that's hardly a disappointment.
5	Cirque du Soleil is jaw-dropping. I'm a big picture kinda person SO, I know how many hours of coordination, gymnast practice, costume design/fabrication/making, set design, memorization, creativity and synchronicity are needed for such a performance.The live band and vocals were beautiful, the clowns fantastically witty and funny, and the gymnasts oh me oh my, the envy I have for them and their flawless physique/skill.I took my sister with me and she loved it as much as I did. Cirque du Soleil is mentally stimulating entertainment. You don't see too much of that nowadays.
