2	Went on a Sunday evening, and wasn't thrilled when I walked in.  The place is pretty drab, lacking character.  It looked lonely in there.  We were the only customers at the time, but it was still lonely even after a couple more customers entered.  The room is in need of decoration.We split a spicy falafel pita, which wasn't spicy.  I was impressed by the falafel bar which had (almost) all the toppings you could dream of...tahini, hot sauce, pickles, pickled beets/turnips, lettuce, carrots/onions, and kalamata olives.  The pita was good and reasonably priced for the size.  I think they need to reevaluate "spicy" and add some heat to the seasoning.  I'd hate to find out how bland the regular falafel is.We also each got a plate from the cold salad bar, for which they charge by the pound.  Only one of the salads wasn't vegan, and the employee was nice enough to ask us about our dietary preferences and point out the salad made with mayo.  I got one scoop of every salad (except the pasta with mayo and the green lettuce salad) and wasn't terribly impressed with any of them.  The pasta salad with broccoli and sun dried tomatoes was ok, as was the black eyed peas with corn and cabbage and the plain hummus.  The quinoa salad was unremarkable, and the lentil salad was dry, undercooked, and lacked any flavor.  If there was another salad on my plate, I don't remember it, and that means it wasn't remarkable either.I think anyone with some basic cooking experience could easily make most of this stuff at home with better flavor.  As it is, Tsom may only survive if college students who don't know how to cook patronize the place.  Not sure that we'll be going back except for a cheap falafel pita if we're on the run.  Since it's new, I'm hoping the owner will make some changes to the decor and the menu.
5	Came in the other day here for a quick healthy meal without meat, due to the fact that it was Ash Wednesday, and to my pleasant surprise it was delicious! I will definitely be coming back here, the staff was so nice and helpful when it came to deciding what to choose. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a great and reasonably priced pita and fries!
5	BEST FALAFEL IN PHOENIX!I had the spicy falafel at Tsom's recently and before eating at Tsom's, I thought the Falafel Drive-thru in San Jose, CA was the best falafel ever. Now I have to seriously reconsider that stance!   I am nuts about falafel and admittedly, I'm a picky eater.  The falafel is not too dry, not too moist, and overall it has the perfect texture!  The way that Tsom's is set up, you can add as much or as little tahini or other sauces as you want with your sandwich.  I opted for extra hot sauce and extra tahini.  oh yeah, and the price for the falafel sandwich is outstanding!  and try the Yam Chips!!!  they're awesome!I'd rather spend my money at Tsom, than get the hard bricks which bear little resemblance to falafel from the restaurant a couple of storefronts down from Tsom's.
3	This is an Indian/Middle Eastern vegetarian/vegan/GF restaurant that doesn't serve any mock meat items - just lots of delicious veggies and beans and grains! They have a made-to-order menu you can pick from - falafel pockets, rice bowls, pitas, fries, etc.  And they also have a little buffet where you can load up and pay by the weight.  The evening that I went, the buffet seemed to be lacking and mainly had a few different types of hummus - along with some kale salad and pasta salad. The french fries and falafel are amazing!!  The rice bowl we had was just so-so.The iced tea and lemonade are great and homemade - they add a few of their own spices to it!  The tea resembled a well-made chai.I enjoyed this place, but its a bit far.  Green is worth the drive for me, this place isn't.
5	I am so so glad that Tempe has an affordable and healthy vegan-focused restaurant that isn't THAI. I love Thai, but how much curry can you eat before gaining 20 pounds in pure coconut milk? I don't want to find out.I had gone into Tsom once before and left because I felt the prices were too high and selection too bare.I went in with a friend today and was proven dead wrong. I got the Mixed Veggie and Bean wrap. It was only 7 bucks and HUGE. My friend got their cold bar by the pound and was obsessed with everything they had.The flavor was incredible. It is now on par with Haji Baba, in my book. Also, the service was stellar. No bullshit Pita Jungle crowd. It was a legit veggie joint - positive vibes and all.HINT: Next week, they are getting a local organic tofu guy to make and smoke the tofu in house from now on. Can't wait to taste that!
4	Awesome new veg spot! Love the salad bar concept with tons of options: salads, slaws, hummus, potato salads, bean mixes, quinoa & more. You pay for salad bar items by weight, so a good strategy is to load up on the light weight items such as the kale salad and then order an entree/wrap/sandwich from the menu.Stoked to have another restaurant serving tons of vegan options in the valley! We'll definitely be back!
4	A nice Tempe addition to the vegetarian stable, and thankfully one that gives us options other than thai or indian food.  The wraps, salad options, beans and hummus are quite tasty, though if you get carried away in the salad department it will cost you, since it's based on weight. The falafel and wraps are a better deal.  Would be great if they made their sauce and condiment area a bit more accessible instead of being crammed into a corner.
4	Just ate at Tsom tonight for the first time. I ordered the veggie wrap, gluten free.  It was delicious!  I overheard the guy at the front counter explaining to another customer that they only use fresh organic produce from local farms that is picked daily. This is good news to me as I try to avoid pesticides as much as possible.  The only thing I think they could do to improve is add raw vegan options to their menu.  Oh, and maybe start serving ionized alkaline water.  That would take them over the top!!
2	My fiance and I drove all the way out from North Scottsdale just to try this place for lunch today. I was NOT impressed. The salad bar/food bar looked like food that had been sitting out all day and the Falafel bar looked disgusting and had little nats or some kind of bug all over the food. The people working there were nice and friendly and the food was pretty good. I would go here again (if I were in the area, I wont ever make a special trip out there just to eat there) but I will NEVER eat anything from the salad bar or the falafel bar.
4	Tsom: healthy, vegan/vegetarian and affordable food in a great location. The restaurant itself is clean and quiet. When I have gone, it hasn't been too packed with patrons, but that is ok because it is nice to enjoy a healthy, green meal comfortably. The menu options are plentiful and different. There is also a lunch bar at a fixed price that is pretty rad too. I've enjoyed both the menu and buffet options myself and haven't been let down. I would not go as far as to say the food is absolutely amazing, but it is worth trying and worth what they charge for. The staff is patient and nice and knowledgeable about their food options. There are drinks too and plenty of condiments to make your meal its own delicious masterpiece.If you're looking to try some new veg food, give Tsom a try, especially if you're located in Tempe! It's easy to get to, with its own parking lot. PS - The falafel is awesome and doesn't taste too deep fried!!!
5	Tsom deserves two 5 star ratings.  To begin with, I am a carnivore but love to get flavorful vegetarian dishes.  I do not strive for fake meat that consists of overly processed parts that used to be vegetables (I'm looking at you Green).  If you hold your vegetarian fare to a high standard that consists of using spices to make delicious meals than this is a great spot to grab a bite.  Most of the offerings are pitas filled with deliciousness.  The Falafal pita is great, come with a large portion and are very filling.  They have tons of condiments you can add onto them like hit pepper, pickles, other pickled stuff and several sauces like tahini and hot sauce.  They also have a very nice looking "salad bar" which actually consists of pasta, vegetable dishes and tons of other tasty looking things.  I always intend on trying it but I typically go back to the 'ol trusty falafal.  They have several other nice pita sandwiches like portobello and pepper.  Their in house tea is great.  It's the same as they use at the Blue Nile.  It is a black tea with "chai" spices.  (Disclaimer:  This is a seasonal offering, may not be available all the time.  )The second 5 star rating is that they partnered up with a local farm to offer organic vegetable baskets.  The amount you get is incredible.  Just one item was a plastic grocery bag completely filled with spinach.  I used the bigger leaves for sauteing and used the small ones for a salad mix.  Everything in there was fresh, delicious and worth every cent.I have gone here many times and will continue to get their food, and get the produce baskets.
2	I have to be honest; Tsom really reminded me of college cafeteria food. Based on that assessment, it seems they are in a good location being close to ASU, but as a non-college student, I was incredibly underwhelmed. While I think the idea of a salad bar is cool, especially when it is all veggie and filled with a variety of things like hummus and bean salads, the actual meals like pasta and falaffel are pretty uneventful.Sorry Tsom, I don't plan on coming back.
4	First off, to be frank, I am really, really happy that another legitimate vegetarian offering has settled near the ASU campus.  The fact that they are partnered with a local farm is even better: the food tastes really fresh.  The staff is very nice and the place is clean.It looks like some people here are not about the salad bar, and admittedly I've only gotten hummus and babaganoush from the salad bar, but both of these were terrific.  The cauliflower and potato pita wrap or rice bowl is my favorite dish so far, but any one of their falafel types is a close second.  Hooray for their skinny, spice-dusted fries.  Their special, which changes every few days or so, has also never been disappointing.  The price is fair.Now for the cons: the kitchen can be a tad slow sometimes, and their Tofu is basically prepared the same way in every dish I have ordered which contains it.  I know one of the place's purposes is not to rely on fake meats for great fare, but tofu is still a respectable ingredient that deserves to be prepared in many varieties!**update 8/5/2011I've noticed a little more variety in the tofu offerings, and I have yet to be disappointed by one of the specials (changed about once a week or so).  4.5 stars.
1	Bad service and so so food make for a 1 star review.Because of a local groupon type deal, we were able to get a half off deal on the food here. The food itself was decent, I suppose. I got a wrap with zucchini fritters. The zucchini fritters were amazingly greasy and had an offputtingly sweet coconut flavor. My friend got a tofu and bean wrap. The tofu was okay, but for some reason reminded me of hot dogs. The highlight was the fries seasoned with some sort of herbs. My friend loved them and I liked them.The service was pretty bad. The entire and I do mean the ENTIRE time we were there, the one person working at the counter was talking loudly on his phone. He took forever to take our order, nor was he friendly at all. When we would ask questions, he simply sort of grimaced and answered with as few words as possible. The kitchen was sort of slow in getting our food to us, too.
3	Tsom is definitely aiming for fresh, vegetarian and many gluten-free options, and in that regard it really does hit its mark! Yet, after all is said and done, the flavors are just lacking a certain tasty finesse that nearby restaurants like Haji Baba and Pita Jungle have mastered. Today, the cold/plentiful buffet, which is pay-by-the-ounce, featured a curry pasta salad with raisins, quinoa with raisins, cabbage curry salad (no raisins;), a mediterranean salad, a couple of Indian-spiced hummuses, lentil salad, and potato salad. Out of these options, I'd say I truly only enjoyed the lentil and potato salads because they had more substance and were a bit creamier. The quinoa, a mild-flavored grain in the first place, had a fresh, light flavor, but I tend to like stronger-flavored items. The curry pasta salad, also light in flavor... perhaps could have just used some more spice, and I would say the same for the cabbage curry salad. The falafel my friend I ordered was good, however. Add a little tahini to it, and ZAP! Instant delicious falafel. $6.99 gets you a pita, drink and french fries, which are spiced and add some tasty pizzazz to the meal. Ultimately, I think I'll just try their hot menu items from now on, but thanks for the effort, Tsom!
4	I am so glad that I tried this place out instead of reading the reviews first.  I went yesterday with my boyfriend after throwing out my back and blowing a bike tire, so I was cranky and not in the mood to cook. I have a groupon or something like it and had been meaning to check it out.The reviews that mention how sparse it looks are dead on.  It's not much to look at, for sure.  Nor is the menu overwhelming - mostly pitas and wraps, with a couple of pasta dishes thrown in for good measure.  Boyfriend ordered the falafel sandwich ($5.25) and yam chips($1.99), I ordered the mushroom/halume pita ($6.50) with zucchini fritters ($2.99).  House lemonade to drink.  As the guy was counting out my change, someone from the back came out and let me know that the fritters were unavailable.  After some discussion, he suggested I substitute the lentil soup.  Sounded fine, I love lentil soup,  so I went with it.  The house lemonade was amazing - it was perfect lemon strength and had a not-too-subtle rosewater flavor.  Loved it!  The rose could have easily overpowered a less robust lemonade, but this one was so nicely balanced I think I had far more of it than I should of.The lentil soup I susbtituted was SO DELICIOUS!  There were so many flavors going on in that bowl, I can't even figure it out.  Just....yum.  Perhaps a bit salty.   As I was finishing the soup, bf's falafel showed up and my pita showed up shortly after that.  He was happy with falafal, I tried it and it was superior to most.  However, I am not a huge falafel fan. I want it so overloaded with tahini and yogurt dressing that it ceases to be anything remotely healthy.  Since they have a bar to add these things on your own, I could have prepared it the way I like it.Oh. My. God.  My sandwich was heavenly.  At the end of the meal, I said to bf: The only thing wrong with this meal is that it's over, and I am too full to eat another one.   Halume is a goat cheese, which was lightly fried, but not breaded, so it was just browned.  But not melty.  It took on a tougher, chewier texture than most goat cheese. The mushrooms had been sauteed in some kind of sauce that made me swoon, and the whole thing was just...ummm...perfect.  It was so good I really didn't feel like sharing with the boyfriend, although I made sure he got a good taste, because I am nice.Oh!  The yam chips!  Home made, delicate flavor.  Took them in a box to go.  Ate them by the time we got to the stop light at the 202.  Wow. Also loved the compostable cups, to go boxes and silverware.  Drawbacks: Not very homey. Do not go here on a date!  Food was quite salty, I am paying for this today as I retain water.  It is vegetarian and vegan but I wouldn't exactly call this health food....still a healthier option than most.This place will be a regular for me for sure.   This is a perfect example of why those groupons work....I would never, ever have gone on my own and now I will be putting it in to heavy rotation for sure.
3	Interesting concept with the falafel and salad bars.. I had a potato / cauliflower rice bowl which was pretty good, I will be coming back to try a falafel since that seems to be their specialty. The lady working there was very helpful and friendly. A real sweetie pie
2	I was underwhelmed with the food here.  I've definitely had better food.  The parking lot can get VERY full on weekdays for lunch.
2	(Tried it out on a Sunday around 1 pm.) The "House Iced Tea" was not good, a mix of chai and black tea, which I normally love, but it had a strange aftertaste here. The vegetable pasta dish had plenty of veggies, but it was soaked in a weird vinaigrette dressing, which I thought was inappropriate for a pasta dish. The place is clean, but uninspiring. I won't be coming back.
4	A little pricey, but delicious! Many gluten free options, including desserts. I had rice lentil soup, it was very flavorful and filling. Will definitely come again.
5	This place is great even if you are not Vegan:) it is very flavorful. I really like everything I have tried. Very easy to park and get in and out of fast.
4	Yay! More veg food in Tempe!Highlights:- Delicious falafel - and more than one kind!- Condiment bar has great hot sauce, and tahini flowing freely- Love the Yam chips (despite an occasional burn victim among them)Low-lights:- Very sparse decor, sort of like a cafeteriaI still need to try the hummus/salad bar, but I am addicted to the falafel sandwiches! I really hope this place stays afloat since when I'm there on weekends and nights it seems deserted. I wouldn't say it's the best falafel in the world - but it certainly has me hooked on price and selection!
5	my bf and i went there i believe 2 yrs ago after we heard it open up to the public. we loved it everything there was so good! we haven't been back because of lack of funds, but there are still other items we need to try!
3	Okay, first of all, I'm excited to find this sort of independent, local, and healthy restaurant in my area. I've been stuck at home recovering from some eye surgery and was thrilled to have a chance to go try someplace new (yes, the heart of a Yelper, always interested in the new culinary experience). As others have mentioned, the overall mix of Yelp reviews does not lie.I followed the recommendation of another review and had the mushroom and grilled goat cheese wrap and and as she noted, good, but a complete salt bomb. I just found out I am veering into the exciting world of high blood pressure so I don't think I'll have this one again. However, as mentioned before, the place does make its own Tofu, which I'm interested in trying...so while I'm excited about the food quality, let's talk about the service experience, which, if I am to be honest, lost the place a star (I so wanted to give it 4 starts and may in the future but let's chat).First, off, none of that ice tea I saw mentioned, just two types of lemonade or soda if you don't want water. The lemonade was okay but c'mon, all organic and veggie like, you gotta have some ice tea! In addition, I ordered a side of mixed veggies and ended up with a side of beans, and though I asked for a sample of the tofu, and the cashier said it would be provided, that did not come up either. Might I suggest, a simple POS system and some of those little numbers on the stick like they do at NCounter or at Essence Bakery? I think that would help a lot.So, I'm happy to have Tsom in my area, really I am, but i think  they just need to tighten up the operational side of the experience a bit, especially if they want to say, end up having more than one location at some point (I'm assuming this is the only one and yes, oh fellow Yelpers, I'm well aware of what Assume means). I have a feeling, if the operational side gets better this will be a 4 or 5 level place, from this Yelper's perspective (and the nice thing is, with Yelp, we all get to share our own personal perspective and everyone gets to make up their own mind).
2	We went here and were so unimpressed with the food AND the service. We went soon after they opened for the day and there was nobody there at the front counter. The cook was there but they had no idea how to work the register. ( not their fault ) but I wasnt impressed at all and I wont go back here.
4	The reviews were really mixed, so I was a little apprehensive, although still wanted to try the place. My friend and I went for lunch on a Sunday afternoon so it was really empty. Since remarks were made about the decor, we decided ahead of time to get our order to-go. The decor was pretty bare, but it everything looked new and clean, so that works for me in a super casual place such as this. We were immediately greeted by the counter cashier who had been sitting and talking with some friends at one of the front tables. She asked if we had been there before, and since we hadn't, she ran through the menu and some of their highlights. Ok, so the service was better than I expected too. I ordered the portobello/hallume pita and yam chips (on the recommendation of a couple reviewers-thanks!). My friend also ordered the chips and a falafel pita. I think I paid $10 for the sandwich and chips. Ok, it was salty.....but delicious. We both really enjoyed our sandwiches and the yam chips were super crunchy. I'm curious next time to try their homemade tofu. I also plan on riding my bike next time as they offer 20% off when you show up on your bike!
4	Having been slowly discovering that tasty non-meat imitating vegetarian food actually exists and being a Friday during Lent, I decided to give Tsom a try for a quick lunch. Having read many other reviews complaining about the feel of the place, I was pleasantly surprised. While a bit simple, it is clean and modern and decorated to the level you would expect in a quick meal place like this.The guy at the counter was a bit quiet and not terribly helpful but still friendly. For my first try, I kept it simple and got the standard falafel pocket lunch special  with fries and drink ($6.99 during lunch hours). As others have said, they have a nice topping bar for the falafels including tahini, hot sauce (not sure if it is homemade or anything but it certainly was a more flavorful chili based sauce then your standard hot sauces), vinaigrette, spicy ketchup, olives, pickles, and a variety of peppers.I'm not a falafel expert but I thought it was nicely seasoned and not too dry like others I have had. I look forward to trying some of their flavored options in the future. The great choice of toppings mentioned above really separated it from a lot of falafel pockets I've had. With two smaller pockets included and a heaping pile of fries, I felt I got a pretty decent portion for my money. The fries were similar in cut and color to McDonald's. They had a nice balance of crispiness and soft potato texture and had seasoning that made me keep grabbing for more. Finally, I had the housemade lemonade for my drink. Actually, I'm not sure what it was, it was in the cooler next to a pedestal labeled lemonade with no drink on it. It seemed to be like a lemonade with mango-like flavor in it that was nice and refreshing without the cloying sweetness nor sourness many lemonades have.Overall, I felt like I got a nice mix of fresh flavors for a quick meal and will definitely be back to try more of their offerings.
3	I'm a vegetarian and am always happy to see new places like this pop up. I got the bean, veggie, tofu spicy wrap and it was okay. I feel like I could've whipped it up better myself at home. It was a decent meal, but certainly not memorable. Not extremely impressed.Also, service was relatively slow.I'll go again, but maybe I'll just get something from the salad bar.
4	Shocked that this place isn't rated better, overall.First off I am a vegetarian and my husband is gluten free so that fact that this specialized restaurant is locally owned and somewhat near our home is AWESOME!!Went on Mother's Day... the service was just okay.  The salad bar didn't look that yummy to me so for $7.99 a pound or whatever it is we just stuck to the menu.  First part of the menu is a bunch of different falafel sandwiches.  We got the original.  LOVED the falafel bar with toppings.  The sauces were delicious.  Loved having tons of pickles and beets and cabbage in my sandwich.  Mmmm...  I also shared a wrap with my girls- bean, cheese and house made tofu.  It was huge.  Also good but the falafel was better.  My husband and son ordered the gluten free chipotle cream pasta.  It was the first gluten free pasta I have ever tasted that I liked.  Very, very good!Also, this place has free wifi.  Always a plus in our book!!  We will be back.
2	It's hard to find vegetarian-only restaurants here in the Valley, so I was eager to try Tsom in Tempe, which exclusively serves up vegetarian and vegan fare.The order-at-the-counter spot is super-casual and simple, with one big dining room. I did like the fresh flowers that were on every table, but I wouldn't go here for the ambiance, just for the food.The restaurant includes both a salad bar with a variety of pastas, as well as hot entrees. Everything at the salad bar is priced by weight. As far as regular menu items, the eatery features an extensive menu of Middle Eastern options, plus pastas. I ordered the soup of the week, which was a veggie-filled soup with a veggie broth. It wasn't my favorite soup (I prefer a traditional tomato base), but my friend loved it.For my entree, I got the classic falafel pocket ($4.99), which was packed with falafel patties and veggies. It really filled me up, and I loved the falafel. I also appreciated the topping bar, which included everything from hot sauce to tzatziki to put on your pocket.Tsom also offered vegan chocolate peanut butter cupcakes, which were on special, and though the cake was pretty dry, it was forgiveable because it was vegan-and the peanut butter frosting was so good.I wouldn't choose Tsom over a place like Green, since I can get pasta or Mediterranean food at many non-vegetarian places. I was hoping for more innovative dishes like the ones at Green (mmm, buffalo wings and meatballs), but I guess if you are a strict vegetarian who doesn't want their food cooked in the same environment that meat is, this is a good option to have.
1	I have no idea what other people ordered here that tasted good enough to give it more than one star. We ordered 2 different pasta dishes, 2 different wraps, and a smoothie. All 5 items were very unappetizing. The noodles in the pasta dishes were severely overcooked. The wraps tasted terrible. One of them was completely inedible due to ridiculous amount of hot sauce it contained. The smoothie had no flavor at all. Food quality aside, the environment was awkward and unclean. Yuck!
3	If you don't like falafel, hummus, bean salads, and the like, you won't find anything in this place to like. I however do like this kind of food so I like most of the stuff on their menu. The prices are a dollar or two too high, but things seem to be fresh and made in house. The lunch buffet is good and the choices change daily. The only thing to really avoid is the pasta.The place is run by a few really laid-back guys so things can get a little slow and there isn't much in the way of "atmosphere," but I don't think anyone is really planning on making this place a destination for date night.
5	This restaurant is great. I've only ever gotten food from the pre-made salad/food bar but I've always been more than satisfied. There are many different cuisines which are all tasty. The baba ghanouj is amazing. Plus, if you ride your bike you get 25% off which is a huge bonus for the broke college student tr
4	Well executed casual and inexpensive vegetarian/vegan dining. There are all kinds of options ranging from pastas, to wraps, to raw dishes, but I really love the falafel here, because there's an entire bar filled with extra goodies to top off the crispy fried chickpeas. Also if you have a craving for something sweet the raw deserts are really quite amazing (legitimately amazing, not just "oh that's amazing for being raw and vegan amazing").
3	I love this place and always order off the buffet. I have never had a complaint about it and frequent Tsom. However, I went with a friend, she ordered a wrap and it was a veg burger, cut in half, with a leaf of lettuce and a few diced tomatoes. Not even a sauce was added.
2	I came in here on a Saturday around 2 pm and there was absolutely no one in the place.  I checked out the menu for a solid TEN MINUTES before a woman came out from the back.  She didn't say anything, just went to her register and stared at me.  Way to make a girl feel welcome.I ordered food to go-a veggie wrap and some spicy falafel sandwich with kale chips.  She retreats to the back of the store and I fought the temptation to eat all of the cupcakes in the platter on the counter to show my dissatisfaction.  But then I remembered that I am a "grown-up", so I decided to walk away.Twenty minutes later she hands me my food, no thank you or anything, but whatevs.  She tells me I can help myself to pickles and such on the bar.  When I open the falafel sandwich it is clear that it is the wrong thing.  When I ask her she just lies and says it is what I ordered.  I was too hungry and annoyed to argue so I said fine.  I walked over to the other food station because there was NO HUMMUS ON THE SANDWICH.  She said, oh we charge extra for hummus.  Lady, no one charges extra for hummus on a falafel.  My people didn't wander through the desert, schvitzing and kvetching so that they could pay extra for hummus.  Hummus and Falafel are like french fries and ketchup, like oreos and milk...they just go together.With all that said, if you are hungry enough that you don't care and you have your own personal supply of hummus, go there between 11-2 for their lunch special.  You get fries, a drink and a falafel sandwich for 7 $.  Just don't expect any hummus... :)
1	Horrible customer service. They really do not make you feel welcome there. You expect a good, happy feeling from a place with fresh food like this. But that is not the case. I will never go back. I have been there three times, and each time there was a huge negative vibe.Oh, the food was bland and flavorless. People pretend they like this place because its vegan and fresh. But trust me, its plain, boring and flavorless.If you want to get scowled at, ignored, and overpay for bad food, go here.
5	When I'm craving falafel, I head over to Tsom plus or minus the vegetarian members of my family.  Tsom sports an unpretentious interior decorated with live plants, a salad bar, and a falafel topping station.  Vegetarian, vegan, gluten free, raw diet, or just looking for something a little healthier, Tsom's got you covered.  One day I will have to brave the raw bar, but so far, I haven't been able to order anything beyond the falafel.  I usually add a shake or smoothie with my lunch order, and I'm good till dinner.  I recommend both the Mango Mamma and Almond Milkshake.  A haven of healthy options, it's nice to feel good about your selection when eating out.
5	It's all about the falafel.Try the special--falafel in a pita with veggies and fries.  Fast food fries with a tasty falafel pita is the vegetarian alternative to a McDonalds combo menu--much better for you and more delicious.Like meat?  The falafel here offers a great-tasting substitute and you won't feel like you're eating rabbit food.  Don't like meat? The falafel is great, and so are the salads, soups, and everything else. A place that has veggie food as good as this is hard to find.  Skip spots like "Green" and all their doctored up Morning Star Farms fake meat and come have a taste of something delicious and unique here at Tsom.
1	WOW! Ordered a Veggie Bean Tofu Wrap this evening. I found a dead COCKROACH in the wrap! Luckily I was looking at the wrap between bites and didn't eat the roach. The restaurant offered to replace it but would you eat one after that?
5	This is the only place in Tempe with a good variety of freshly squeezed juices. They give you plenty of juice and for such a good price.Also the falafel was amazing! They have a great station with different toppings and sauces to dress it up with.Definitely a great place to go to find a good assortment of healthy food for a good price.,
5	I love this place! Vegan, raw, and gluten-free options galore! The "salad" bar is the way to go - so many yummy dishes to choose from. I always have an amazingly delicious rainbow of food and I feel like I am fueling my body in a good way. Their falafel is good, too, and the falafel toppings bar is fantastic (pickled cabbage, pepperoncinis, all sorts of sauces, beets, etc). Always order the iced tea - it is a clove-a-licious black tea that I am completely addicted to. Whenever I am in Tempe I make a point to stop here and am always pleased.
5	One of the best falafel pitas I have ever had. They use actual pita pockets and have a great assortment of condiments to add to your sandwich. Also you must try their amazing yam chips! The ambience was very simple and elegant. And the service was amazing, lady behind the counter  was very helpful and nice.
3	I wanted to try the samosa that they had started to serve, turned out to be good, but not as good as a typical Indian samosa would be. The service was pretty slow had ordered an orange juice with it, so don't know what took them so long.
4	Finally made it here today for lunch. (Fri, Oct 25th, 2013) Tsom's is nestled in a shopping center full of ethnic options, so try not to get pulled in a different direction at the last minute.Since this was my first time, I went with their falafal lunch special for 6.99, which includes two falafels, fries, and a drink. (I opted for their rose water lemonade over soda)The food arrived hot and tasty. I don't eat french fries very often, so they were a nice treat. The falafel was great, and I liked being able to add lettuce, pickles, and even beets at the topping station. 4 sauces to choose from too.The place was decorated nicely and clean. Excellent taste in music playing--a mellow indie mix. They have a diverse menu that is enticing. Also, a breakfast menu that I didn't see posted online. I would go back in a heartbeat just for the falafel special.Pros: Great lunch special, Tasty falafel, Cool musicCons: Regular menu a bit pricey, Need more non-soda options, I'm not sure how to pronounce your name!
4	Finding gluten free dining is seriously tough. To add, it's usually not tasty. This place is great. I was greeted nicely and informed about their food and what was "popular". I chose the vermicelli noodles with veggies. Wonderful! Veggies were fresh and the sauce was light but tasty. Ill be back for sure.
4	Great place for vegans and non-vegans. Prices are reasonable, the guy that helped us today was super nice. Definitely going back again and again :) Food is fresh and delicious... just wish they served breakfast still (then it would be 5 stars).
4	So glad to have a restaurant that makes delicious gluten-free and vegetarian entrees, at prices that don't make the pocketbook groan. The food sometimes takes a bit of time to arrive after ordering, especially during peak hours, but it's worth the wait. Location is also convenient, on in the complex at the corner of Rural Rd and University Av, within the ASU Tempe area.
5	Dude, this place just plain rocks. I got the cauliflower potato wrap with gluten free wrap. Crazy delicious! The tomato bisque and mixed bean side were Dee-Lish as well.
5	Love this place. Me and my veggie man make it here a few times a month. I am a huge fan of their vegan meals - including incredibly tasty lentils and rice and a little salad. Another smart order is the cauliflower/potato wrap. It is served on a gluten free tortilla, the cauliflower is perfectly browned, the potatoes crispy, and they drizzle some tahini all throughout. So delicious. They also have a salad bar that looks very appealing, especially if we were on the go. It includes a kale salad, hummus, eggplant dip, a veggie lasagna looking thing, among many other items. Price looks comparable to the hot food bar at whole foods. They even put cucumber in their water. How lovely. I love places that pay attention to the details. Every time we have gone in, there are always the same 2 men. I am assuming they are the owners/chef. Some of the food seems to have an Ethiopian influence, like perhaps the Chef has history in that cuisine. All in all, incredible delicious, gluten-free/ gluten-friendly, vegan, fast....
2	Ate here yesterday for lunch. Was short on time due to work schedule. Took a moment to choose some thing off the menu board. I deceided on the mediteranian wrap, and a fresh juice I choose rise and shine. While I was waiting for my food I struck up a quick conversation with the gentelman behind the counter. I asked him almost immediatley if he was the owner and he was the owner. He was a very pleasant man very personable and easy to talk to. That set the tone on a positive note. Now the medetereanian wrap I was told by the owner comes with falafel and eggplant(aubergene) lettuce, tomatoe and sauce. I waited about 10 mins and my wrap was delivered to my table along with the juice. I was hungry and didn't have much time at all. the wrap was tastey but it was missing eggplant(aubergene) but I didn't make a fuss, time was short. The juice was fine alough it lists ginger as one of the ingrdients and I didn't get that good gingery taste that I like. Not a big deal it was fine. Over all the food was fine not outstanding but fine. My one negative is price and portion. $7 for the wrap and you get nothing with it. No side of hummus or salad or soup. And the wrap was not very big. Should have been priced about 4.50 to 5.00 the juice well it was freshly squeezed so I guess $4.99 was about rite. I spent $13 dollars and I was still a little hungry.  Id like to visit again but ill be hungry again and have to pay again for some thing else, just to take away the hunger. I'm a vegetarian so this place is great for me. I enjoyed the atmosphere and my quick chat with owner. However I think Id be wiser going some where else so I don't have to order two plates or just go home hungry
5	Love this place!!! It's a hidden gem for vegans ( and non vegans) in Tempe. The service was great, he was very helpful and helped me pick out and decide what I wanted, and I loved the hummus in the buffet bar. The tofu was cooked perfect, I had to double check and make sure it wasn't meat! Sooo good.
2	Went for lunch on 3/21/2014 thinking I just found an awesome new gluten-free, vegetarian place and I walk up to a locked door. No sign, nothing on customer voice mail. Left highly disappointed and hungry.
