2	As this is the closet Taco Bell to me, I'm forced to eat here whenever I crave Mexican Fast Food. Although it is indeed Fast Food, the results I receive from this restaurant are consistently abysmal. Numerous order mistakes, poor customer service, and sluggish service are all to be accepted here.
5	NOTE- 5 stars for a fast food place, not the Phoenician.Thought this location deserved an updated review, in light of the current ones posted.  Been twice to this location in the last week- once eat in with my kids and once drive through.Both time, our orders were accurate.  Everything was very fresh and seemingly prepared moments earlier- taco shells crunchy, hot things hot, cold things cold.  Lettuce fresh and crisp, Mexican Pizza bubbling with heat.   The staff on duty this Sunday afternoon were friendly and sharp.  while we ate our lunch, I noticed that on two separate occasions, someone came out to wipe tables and check trash.  No complaints here. I have a theory- with the Fry's Marketplace (sharing the same parking lot) recently remodeled, there is a huge draw of traffic to this location.  Perhaps the Taco Bell got their act together so as to not lose easy business.  No matter the  reason, they appear to have pulled it together nicely.
4	i usually get sick from taco hell food but i love their caramel, apple empanadas. they taste like street fair food! so good!i also like their frozen lemonade-based refreshing drinks...
5	As far as Taco Bell go, this place is pretty great (you could say it is .....  SUPREME! Ha).   The place is clean, the staff is friendly and smiley, they speak English I can understand, and the drive thru is always open. What more do you need? Of the 5 or so times that I have been here I don't think they've ever messed up my order at all -- which is pretty great considering it is a Taco Bell!
3	When you are hungry and want something different, Taco Bell is a great place to go.  The Cool Ranch Taco's are o.k., and the staff member at the register was very helpfull and polite.  He also had a great character and made placing our order and wait pleasent.
2	This Taco Bell is located very close to Paradise Valley, which is evident because the Fry's supermarket that shares the same parking lot offers complimentary Valet Parking....LOL.When I walked up to the counter, there was no cashier present.  I stood and waited for a few minutes...and waited....and waited.  I finally snapped this photo because I was bored.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-bell-phoenix-13?select=B_8TxcUXg61PmzTghnax5g#2hQRkmgKs5nxkjs9eXNnxgWhen he finally showed up, I ordered my regular 7 Layer Burrito and 2 Bean Burritos.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/taco-bell-phoenix-13?select=B_8TxcUXg61PmzTghnax5g#B_8TxcUXg61PmzTghnax5gThe food came out fast and accurate.  They were a little sloppy making the Bean Burritos as they had red sauce on the outside of the tortilla....which makes for a sloppy meal.  I would've expected better service from a restaurant so close to PV.Overall, it wasn't too bad, but it was inconsistent.Return Factor - 20%
2	I don't expect much from any fast food restaurant.  Truth be told, no honest person does.  It's fast food.  If we wanted a lot, we would just make it ourselves.  What I do expect, and what most people expect is reliability.  That's it... reliability.That is something that this particular location of Taco Bell sorely lacks.  I have been there at 10:30, and they're open.  I have been there at 11:55, and they're open.  I even asked the hours once.  I was told that Sunday-Thursday, this location is open until 12:00AM, and on the weekends, they are open until 1:00AM.  Yet... they are unreliable...I wonder if the owner knows their staff closes early?Out of the last six times I have been to this location - on a weeknight - between 11:00 and 11:30 - they have been closed.  Sometimes they are open... sometimes they are closed.  You never know with this place.  If the owner were to check the power bill by the hour and see when the bill dropped off, they would be aware because the signs are off, the exterior lights are off, and the interior lights are off.  Don't advertise you are open if you're not going to be open.I went by tonight at 11:10PM and everything was off.  I work in a restaurant and don't want to go home and cook for myself on the nights that I work because I spend 8 hours cooking for other people while I'm at work.  I really wanted Taco Bell tonight, but because of the unreliability of this location, I spent my money elsewhere.  I really just hope the owner of this location gets a handle on the hours of their store.  Inconsistency is not okay.  If the employees want to close at 11:00 like they apparently did tonight (like I said, the sign-lights were off, the drive thru lights were off, the interior lights were off... on the whole, the place screamed, "Don't spend your money here!"), then that is fine... just be open about it.  Don't promise the public hours and don't deliver.I know this is a long review for Taco Bell, but I kept pulling for this place to get it together.  After four months of never knowing what the hours were going to be at this location, I finally convinced myself to write a review.  In a simple phrase... "This location lacks on the most important function of customer service: Consistency.  There is none."
2	I hate to be a dick. And by that, I mean giving a Taco Bell a poor rating on Yelp. But there are just some things that need to be brought to attention. This Taco Bell is extremely close to my house, which makes it an easy stop for a quick lunch or dinner or even snack. Two separate times I've been here come to mind. One was late on a Tuesday night, and my boyfriend and I decided to order at the counter and eat in the dining area. In our order, we asked for two sides of their nacho cheese. The young kid at the counter (who was polite) told us that there wasn't any nacho cheese, no big deal. He told us to hold on a minute, went into the back and asked his manager (we could hear him) where she told him just to tell us that we were out. Kind of suspicious..? Just tell them we're out? Huh. Okay. So we sat down, and about two minutes later the kid comes out and says that now they do have nacho cheese. Wow. Miracles do happen. Or, the management staff just made and employee lie to customers. It's called business ethics, people. She could have told him to say "It'll be ready soon" or "Sure we're just making it right now" but no, he was told to lie. Which is not his fault at all, but is the fault of the management staff. Food that day was nothing to get excited about. It's all Taco Bell and honestly you can't expect much. The second time we came here, we went to the drive through and in our order ordered 2 orders of cinnamon twists. We got home, luckily not far away, to find out that the cinnamon twists were shorted from our order. We drove back, and the same kid was at the drive through. He was nice enough to toss in a free cinnamon twist bag. However, when we got home my boyfriend nearly broke a tooth on one of the "cinnamon twists" that was actually an uncooked rotini-style pasta noodle covered in the cinnamon sugar. This was the part of the meal that really upset me. Taco Bell does not carry anything remotely close to pasta, meaning that the noodle had to have been placed in there on purpose or by some extremely odd and rare accident... It could have resulted in something extremely dangerous (breaking a tooth), but we were lucky enough that his pain was just temporary. Pictures of the noodle will be posted shortly.
1	I know it seems like I'm snarking, but I'm not.  It's expected by most that a business stays open for its posted hours.  I went by tonight at 11:45pm.  Guess what?  Closed to the point of even the outside lights being off.  It was a black hole in the parking lot.  According to Taco Bell's website, they should have been open.  I wonder if the franchise owner is aware their employees are shutting down before their closing time.Call me crazy, but I expect a business to be open when it claims it will be open.
3	Average location. My order was incorrect as was about 5 out of the next 8 I witnessed.
3	The dining room is open!!! After what seemed like months of remodeling, the dining room is now open for business again. Don't expect a radical change. It's the same size. Some new flooring. Some new furniture. Some extra wall sockets. But a significant improvement given how tired this Taco Bell location had become. The change in the exterior is also a noticeable upgrade. And I suspect the added square footage behind the counter is a boost for employee morale. Also improved restrooms.Just think, this Taco Bell was narrowly saved, thanks to some legal wrangling, from being converted into a Fry's Grocery Gas Station! Phew!!! Now it's all new and shiny! Well, mostly new and shiny.A well below average Taco Bell before the remodel, this location is now quite nice. Still, the Taco Bell at nearby Tatum & Bell remains nicer. Perhaps if they offered valet parking like the neighboring Fry's Marketplace...
5	Love me some Taco Bell and this one just got a facelift. Decided to go inside as well and it's similar if not identical to the recently renovated ones you can find here and there. The orders have always been correct, the service and cleanliness is good and that's about all you can ask from a Taco Bell.
