5	Don't you just love cars ... that is, right up until something goes wrong with them. I feel exactly the same way. In fact, the feeling of sheer and utter dread overcomes me when I hear grinding noises coming from the front end of the car, despite my best attempts to keep up with rigorous maintenance schedules, oil changes, etc. Well, that was the case for me yesterday as I started to drive my car around sunny Chandler while running some errands. So, I zipped over to see the guys at Midas on Autoplex (take the Elliot exit on 10 and turn right at Autoplex -- Midas is on your right side, behind the car wash and gas station). The guys were really friendly and helpful, taking my car right away to conduct an oil change and front-end check. They found the problem quickly and provided me with a reasonable estimate of the repair costs. I called around a few other places and found their price hard to beat. They completed the job within the hour and called me on my cell phone to confirm my car was ready for pickup. Great service! No hassles!I really liked the facilities at this Midas. The place was quite parent-friendly, with a television for the kids, high-speed Internet and wi-fi on-site, as well as a vending machine with soft drinks, and water for those of us who prefer not to pay for our drinks wherever possible. ;-)
1	These guys are a total fraud. I had a problem with the starter in my car and I towed it here. They fixed it with glue and charged me USD500 (claiming that they replaced it). Within less than a year the starter gaveup and I towed my car back to Midas (since the starter was under one year warranty). They did not honour the warranty and they gave me absurd reasons. I have never been to these fraudulent people after that. DOnt take your car hear, if you want to get a "real" repair done.
5	Don't we all dread car maintenance or repairs? Worrying if you're going to be ripped off or told there's some "urgent" repair needed and you're not sure whether it's necessary? Yeah, scares me too.All I needed was an oil change and wheel alignment. Oh, and could you check my brakes please? And let me know if anything else is wrong? I wasn't sure where to go for this work, so I turned to yelp.com to guide me. This was the only place I saw that had 5 stars (and was on my route to work) so I thought I'd give it a try. Glad I did.I'll preface and say that my only trivial complaint was that my appointment took over 2hours, but I think it was totally worth it. The manager, Mr. Maynard, is a great, and surprisingly honest guy. I am not familiar with cars, but he took the time to answer all my questions, address my concerns, and was very thorough in showing me how my brakes were doing, and how an alignment is performed. We talked about differences in brake systems, copper content in brake fluid, the 3 different planes of wheel alignment; honestly it was a wonderful experience. For me, it has been hard to find someone who has the time and knowledge and patience to discuss with a customer the workings of your car. His knowledge and frankness gave me confidence in their service. This doesn't mean that your car repairs also have to involve a lengthy discussion, but if you wanted a competent and knowledgeable guy who cares about the customer, then this Midas location is the place to go.AND even though my appointment lasted 2+hours, I was only charged the quoted prices. They were having a special on oil changes ($20) with free tire rotation (which I specified that I didn't need), and was given $10 off the alignment even though I forgot to print out the coupon. I would absolutely recommend this place and will be coming back in the future.
5	I am skeptical of chains for mechanics/car repairs.  While I would not recommend all Midas, this location is simply AMAZING.  The guys here know what they are doing and will explain it to you, they are honest and fair with their prices, and they truly understand customer service.  I will make them my official place to take my car if it needs any work.  Simply amazing to find people who know what they are doing, do it honestly, and value their customers.
1	DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!!! I wish I could give negative stars! I spend $2k at this place and got my car back with a NEW issue. Then I took it back and then did some more work, said it was fixed, i went to get it and it had the same issue. I then had to take it to a different place to get it fixed.
1	They recommended $600 worth of repairs "that we needed" including new brakes.  We took the car to an independent mechanic for a second opinion and he said the car was in great shape and did not need anything including brakes for another 15-20,000 miles.  Just get a second opinion if they recommend any additional work.  That's all I'm saying!
4	Got in quick, got out in a reasonable amount of time for what was being done.  Got a list of stuff that needs to be done to car...stuff I already figured needed.  They got a new manager who used to be just an employee, and lots of coupons online to help out.  Plus they weren't pushy and very friendly
5	I was upset at how long things were taking for my oil change, but they were pretty busy. There were some miscommunications between the mechanics and they were really nice about it and REALLY made up for it!Great example of turning a visit around with great customer service.
4	Great customer service and great assessment. Cheap to change oil. Satisfied
1	Going on two hours to get a flat repair done, I finally asked when my tire would be put back on and the told me they haven't even taken the tire off the wheel yet.... After two hours? They said it took a full hour to find the leak.i think that's funny. Maybe some new " motivated " employees might help...
5	As I'm heading back to California I realized my front license plate was broken. I stopped by Midas and with open arms the manager Mike Boyce came outside and helped me fix my license plate. During the process I got to know Mike well enough to realize that he has sacrificed a lot to support his family, but continues to work hard and stay humble. There are many companies out there that would like characters like him and personally I would say you guys have a diamond in the rough.I will be back again!
