4	I've really struggled to find any kind of repair facility, motorcycle or auto, that was consistently worth a hill of beans.  My first experience with Mazvo, though, was a pleasant one.  I actually intend to go back when I need auto repair services.  Pleasant, prompt service with reasonable pricing.  They were within walking distance of my work office and a couple of women (in my office) recommended this auto repair facility to me.  I gave it a shot based on their positive experience.  Keeping my fingers crossed that this is a place that I can return and experience the same positive outcome that I had recently.
5	Shawn, owner of Mazvo, offered a FREE Car Care Clinic this past Saturday! Amazing. First of all, he offered wonderful refreshments, was very organized and was very pleasant. The shop is nice and clean, not junky like most shops. He provided us with a booklet that had tons of information on how to care for our car, how to recognize sounds and smells, and other tips. What blew me away was his willingness to share how not to get screwed by auto mechanics who see women and young people who don't have knowledge about cars. Therefore we get charged for problems we may not have. He even gave gas mileage saving tips. He gave us gloves to touch parts of a car. We learned how to change a tire and jump start a car. To be honest, that's all I thought we were going to learn, but I learned much more. I brought my 18 yr old son and his roommate (who has some knowledge of cars), and they both were grateful of the knowledge they gained. It's great to know that you can bring your car to someone who will ask you questions, including your driving habits, before saying you just need a specific repair for a high price. I now feel confident to ask the right questions before shelling out big bucks to get my car fixed. I truly saw his passion to educate. We even went home with a goodie bag of stuff for our car. If you can, please call and take their next class. I waited a year for this class, and it was worth it. The wait was because I found out about the class and he didn't have another one until a year later. He didn't want to do it during the hot summer months, and he needed enough people to sign up. Hopefully, he won't wait that long to have the next one! I feel confident bringing my repair issues to Mazvo!
5	Mazvo is the best!!!  Let me tell you why!?!  I work for a local law office and help solve client's problems - callers say,  "I got cheated by a garage, I want to sue", etc....  I refer everyone to Shahi at Mazvo.  Shahi (Shawn) is friendly, knowledgeable and, most important, can be trusted!!!!   I have had only excellent experiences at Mazvo; and, I will not take my vehicle(s), and most important, my '73 Corvette Convertible, anywhere else!  If you need a vehicle repaired, do yourself a favor, and go see Shahi at Mazvo - you will be happy that you did!!!!  Phil J
5	After 15 years as a totally satisfied customer of MAZVO's, I attended their complimentary car care clinic and it was phenomenal!  Shahe was not only a fantastic instructor but quite the host, offering lots of refreshments and helpful information to make every attendee not only a good driver but a well-informed one.  If you want great car service from an honest, very capable facility, go to MAZVO!
