1	My nephew got a summertime job at a Subway in Portland and while their slogan is eat fresh, he had horror stories about the prepackaged items that roll in wrapped in plastic    So they aren't running down to a local grocery store in the morning to stock up. Of particular note he said the chicken is from no recognizable part of a chicken.  This is a huge inter national chain and everything must look alike anywhere you go.  And they are successful.  If you want to eat cheap subway is your store. If you want to eat fresh find a local independent shop.
4	Not sure what the other review has to do with this subway.   This one is a great improvement to the store that was in this shopping mall previously.   The kids that run it do a good job of moving the customers.   With $5 sandwiches it's always busy.   The bread and ingredients seem fresh each time we have had lunch....
4	Consistently what I expect from Subway
5	Service is always great here.
3	Buzzing south on I-17 on our way back to Tucson, the wife and I were looking for something cheap and fast and actually agreed (that almost never happens) we were not in the mood for the usual fast food burger. We saw the signs from the freeway promising Subway at exit blah, blah, blah so we take that exit.It's tucked in the back behind an Albertsons, a Chevron and, of course, a McDonalds so we had to hunt for it  a little bit. The place was clean, we got our food fast (which was good and fresh), hoovered it down and were back on the road in no time.I tend to forget about Subway as a whole, but I enjoyed my sandwich enough that it may just have put them back on my radar when I am looking for a non-burger/burrito option that's cheap and fast. We make this trip fairly often so we'll store this location in our memory banks for the future.
3	Hey.  Don't mean to bash on Subway and not the one on Carefree.  It's Phoenix but cave creek zip.  I adopted/ mentored a poor little black kid with a wonderful single mom with not much money.  He struggled in school. One time he did well  on a difficult exam.  I told him today when we go to lunch, you pick.  He said "Taco Bell. ". I said no honey we can.go anywhere, I'm really proud of you.   Nope Taco Bell.  So he gets his dozen choices.  Kid could put the food down.   This was was when they introduced the Chalupa and had the signs up. So he is eating his food and he says  "dad, you know what I realize? No son, what.  Why is the Chalupa in the pictures always prettier than the chalupa you get?   I said buddy that is how life works.  I just got some subway for a co worker and I the other day.  His choice.  The sandwiches we got didn't look like the.subway commercials.  But they tasted good.  But that's my lesson my yelpers.  Fast food is about getting you fed, not to take the wife for her birthday.  Enjoy and stay safe.  And  he gobbled that chalupa by the way.  Like my buddy crushed his turkey subway.   And I have to say the employees at subway are always very polite.   So they got that going for them, which is nice
1	Ew. This place is horrible. Every time I go it always has dirty tables. The cookies are always out. Also a lot of the time their soda is out which is annoying when you are in a hurry. Usually the people that take make your sandwiches they sometimes are snotty and do a poor job.
