4	Great Food and Good Service. The vegetarian lunch buffet is a bit meager but sill enjoyable. I will say their bread(its more like Ethiopian nan since i can't remember what its called and I'm too lazy to google) has a VERY strong sourdough taste to it.  I'm not a big fan of that, but maybe thats normal for where the owner is from. But, its the first time I've had it that sour.  Their lamb is amazing though. Give it a try and they do have take-out as well.
4	Ethiopian food certainly isn't for everyone. But it is for me. I've gone twice recently and will go back many times in the future. You're gonna need to drive to Meskerem, and the ambiance of the restaurant won't blow you away or anything, but the food is authentic Ethiopian (a rarity in Charlotte) and extremely tasty. I'm not a big fan of the bread on which the meal is served (it's sort of like a sponge, without much taste), but most others I've been with do. And eating with your hands (you rip at the sponge and dab and dunk into the rest of your meats, veggie and sauces) is a fun way to put grub in your mouth. The Chicken Tibs is the best thing on the menu, but it's all pretty good. The various vegetables that come along with most of the dishes range from potatoes to green beans, and they compliment the proteins well. Meskerem has a full bar and some tasty beers. you're really a getting a full meal. And the place is never too packed, so you can head over on a moment's notice. and you should.
3	By far the best of the two Ethiopian restaurants in Charlotte. The service was slow and there was only one waitress for the entire restaurant. I recommend the Meat and Vegetarian combo's. Each of those will give you a nice sampling of each dish. The Miser Alecha (curried lentils) come on both combo's and was my favorite item. For a party of two willing to completely share the meal (traditionally you use your fingers and the sorghum dough to scoop up the food) have the restaurant combine both of the combo's onto one plate. Make sure to order a glass of the Honey wine.
5	If I had grown up outside of Cackalacky (NC/SC for you newbies), I could probably base this review on the finer points of Ethiopian cuisine. I'm a NC native, so that's out. But I'll tell you this: Meskerem makes me wish I had grown up in New York, Chicago, or heck, Addis Ababa, so I could have eaten Ethiopian food at least twice a week. That way I'd really give you a nuanced review of this midtown restaurant. All I can say about the food here is this: it is simply delicious. If you like simple food, well-prepared, steaming with complex flavors and aromas, you'll be delighted. Everything I've tasted has been nothing short of wonderful. Sure, you have to have an adventurous spirit to "eat your plate," which you will do with the injera bread on which your food is served. This pleasantly spongy-sour bread, made of fermented teff (world's smallest grain) flour, is a great complement to the various wats (stews). I highly recommend the doro wat (chicken stew) with its savory blend of spices. Unlike its Indian or Szechuan counterparts, this stew isn't a mouth-burner; instead, it is a mouth-warmer. I also love the lentil dishes, especially the miser alecha. If you like sauteed veggies, Meskerem has plenty to choose from: green beans, potatoes, carrots, onions, and collards (yes, I love 'em).  Even cabbage, which I normally won't touch, is so well-infused with seasoning, it tastes slightly sweet served on the pungent injera bread. If you are spice-averse, this type of cuisine probably won't suit you . Here's my barometer. If you like a typical freshly-made Mexican salsa, I think you'll love this cuisine, possibly owing to the berbere seasoning- a blend of peppers, ginger, cumin, and cardamom, (I wish I knew all its secret ingredients!) Even my brother, not a fan of Indian food, loves Meskerem. I've been here many times with friends and family, and Meskerem has never failed to deliver a tasty, affordable meal. If you're unsure, my suggestion would be to visit at lunch one Tuesday through Thursday and try the buffet. That will give you a sample of some of the various flavors. For an evening meal, I strongly recommend you try the Ethiopian beer. It  tastes like no other beer out there, which is probably why I love it. No sour horse-piss, this stuff finishes as smooth as silk, with a slightly honeyed tinge. Speaking of honey, Ethiopian wine is flavored with it. It wasn't my favorite, but it was an interesting taste. If you want wine with your dinner, they have a limited menu. I had a dry German riesling that balanced the spice quite nicely. The tea, however, is a must-try- a bit like chai, but much, much lighter- almost like drinking the essence of a flower. My mother and other coffee-drinking friends compared the coffee favorably to Turkish coffee- thick, dark "jet fuel.' One other item I'd have to recommend for a menu starter is the avocado salad. This stuff is the refined relative of guacamole. I have to admit to a soft spot for Mom-and-Pop outfits like Meskerem, where the service is warm and personal, albeit a bit slow. If you are pressed for time, I'd suggest waiting until you can sit with a friend or three (Ethiopian cuisine cries out for a communal experience) to savor this taste treat.  But if you enjoy dining out as adventure in new flavors, I'd wager you'll put Meskerem on your list of favorite ethnic restaurants in Charlotte. Each time I go I feel like I'm being treated to a taste of food the gods must have eaten. Heck, they may well have, since Ethiopia is an ancient land. My advice about Meskerem: eat your ancient history in order to keep it alive in Charlotte!
5	Delicious! I am so happy that I found this Ethiopian restaurant!! I was on my way to Trader Joe's and conveniently found this place off of Kings Dr. My husband and I shared a veggie combo and a spicy beef dish. It was plenty for the both of us and we couldn't quite finish it all. We spent under $20 for lunch. On Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays they run a vegetable lunch buffet for approximately $7 or $8 (which we plan on returning to try). Lunch was definitely a tasty treat for our tastebuds!If you want to try something different or if you already are familiar with Ethiopian food, I highly recommend Meskerem! It's not flashy, but I enjoyed the small restaurant feel. I look forward to going back!
5	We went here recently and had a fantastic meal.  I give it five stars based partly on the fact it's as good as any Ethiopian food I've had in Chicago, New York, or DC, and partly because Meskerem is another demonstration of what an unexpectedly cosmopolitan city Charlotte actually is.We ordered the veggie combo for two, and it arrived, predictably, on a huge enameled metal platter, seductive pools of perfectly spiced lentils, veggies, greens, chickpea and garlic lying atop injera bread.We ordered two bottles of the Ethiopian beer they carry ("Meta" brand beer, which has a trademark that looks curiously like a lion humping a ghost!  See the photo above).  It was only $2.50/bottle.  Not bad at all.To top it all off, the service is prompt and extremely friendly.  You can tell that the people running the place are proud of their food and want you to enjoy it.Everyone must try Meskerem immediately.  It's light on the wallet, and heavy on taste.  You'll leave full and better for the experience.
5	This place rocks!  I eat there about every month.  The food is delicious, the atmosphere is relaxed and friendly and the prices are excellent.  It is a great place to bring a bunch of friends and hang out while eating great food.  The owners are super nice.  One even showed me how they made the bread - he built a special hot plate himself for it.  Pretty amazing!  If you need to eat with silverware this probably isnt the place for you though (there are no utensils - you eat with your hands)!  The food is fabulous and the portions are huge!
4	Quiet, attentive service combined with authentic, reasonably priced Ethiopian fare make Meskerem the place I'll go when I want to stuff my face with Injera and berbere spices. Not the most traditionally served I've had (there's one Mesob here, and it does not look like it gets used often) but the Vegetarian combo and Sambusas surpassed my expectations.
5	Went here again this past wekeend!  Everytime I come to town i manage to work in a trip to Meskerem!  This place is excellent!
5	After living near DC for 8 years, I absolutely caught the cravings for Ethiopian food.  Where else can you eat delicious meat and vegetable curries served on spongy pancakes?  I admit it is a cuisine that either you love or you hate; count me in for some love.That said, I had not been near a good Ethiopian restaurant in almost 5 years since we moved to San Francisco.  When our friends suggested Meskerem in Charlotte, there was no hestitation.  YES.The food was excellent, the service adorably friendly, and the environment perfect: a tiny restaurant with a few booths and huge plates.  We devoured two Meskerem Combos and a Veggie Combo between the four of us.I even asked if they do the Ethiopian coffee ceremony, and sure enough they will!  Meskerem, we will be back.
5	Fresh ingredients, perfectly spiced. Great Ethiopian food.
5	Definitely a different experience from "standard" American food. Probably about as far as sushi was the first time I tried that. But I was here with friends that knew the scoop (pun) so it was a great and delicious learning experience.The odd thing is that there's no silverware. The food is served on a bigger-than-the-plate tortilla sort of bread. The object is to tear off pieces and scoop up the food. It's interesting, but again, no more different than eating with chopsticks.With the Meskerem combo (a meat-oriented plate, but they have a veggie combo too), I had the opportunity to try a few different tastes. All of them were full of spices and vegetables that made for some great textures and flavors. I enjoyed it thoroughly and left stuffed.They do have a limited (and rather inexpensive) beer selection. The usual domestics and imports available anywhere for $2.50 or $3.00. The water glasses were also kept filled.An excellent meal and I would recommend it thoroughly, especially if you're looking to try something different. Yum!
5	After going with the "Training Wheels" crew, I've been back at least 3 more times. I love it, I crave it, I want it at least once a week! It's good, inexpensive, and a fun experience where it's okay and encouraged to eat with your fingers. Thanks Meskerem for being delicious! If you haven't been here yet, do it. It is a great conversation piece.
2	Having never experienced Ethiopian food, I was very enthusiastic to try a new and highly rated cuisine.  I crave spicy food & was hoping this would compliment, in a different manner, my love for Indian food.  I'm always open to different cuisines, hoping to find my new fav.Needless to say from my 2 star rating, this won't make my top 5 list.  First I did not care for the sponge bread nor did anyone else in my party.  It was rather tasteless & the consistency made for a better dish rag than food source.  Our party of three ordered the Meskerem combo, the veggie combie, and a chicken dish.  The lentils that came with all three were extremely bland & not even in the ballpark as the lentils I've had in Indian restaurants.  Where's the spice?  The greens that came with my chicken dish were pretty good, but for some unknown reason, the greens that came on my wife's veggie combo were just plain nasty.  Uneatable.  The chickpeas had no flavor at all.  The best items on the menu were the beef and chicken dishes that came in some brown sauce which had an element of heat, perhaps the only redemption to an otherwise forgettable meal.So I left with the question "Is Meskerem just a bad version of Ethiopian cuisine or is all Ethiopian cuisine bad?"   Is this really the "perfect opportunity to enjoy the unique spices and culinary mastery of Chef Tigest's skill" as Meskerem's website states?  How does the spiciness of this cuisine compare with a fine Indian restaurant?  Is the sponge bread as good as naan bread?  No way.  Is any item they served better than most Indian dishes I've tried.  No way.  All three members of my party agreed.Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.  Just because a cuisine is unique does not make it good.
3	This was my first experience with Ethiopian food, and I must say, the food did meet my expectations for being unique, tasty, and authentic.  The food itself was 4-star, though I don't know that I'll find myself craving Ethiopian again.  The staff seemed overworked on the Friday evening we dined at Meskerem.  Upon ordering a bottle of wine, we received two small glasses from an opened bottle.  This was quickly corrected, but did start things off on the wrong foot.  Our wait for food, drinks, and checks was long.  My guest and I continued to ask each other if we were being ignored, forgotten, or if this was merely culture playing out before our eyes.4 stars for the food, 2 for the service.  Convenient location, and might go back again if entertaining guests that were craving Ethiopian food, but do not believe that I enjoyed the ethnic cuisine enough to return on my own.
5	Update...I heard that they were closed so I had to investigate. They were closed for a couple weeks as they remodeled the inside (e.g., new paint, cleaning, etc.). It looks a bit more refreshed on the inside and the staff are new! I asked the new staff about the old staff and they said that they needed a break, but it's the same family.Great service and very friendly! The food was still similar, but had slight variations compared to what I was accustomed to. I guess it's like every family; each family has their own variation of the same dish.I am relieved to know that they are not closed! They say that they get really busy on Saturday nights so get there early unless you want to wait. They are not open on Mondays.
3	My partner & I had our first Ethiopian meal here a few weeks ago and unfortunately, it will probably be our last.The good:The atmosphere is wonderful. It is comfortable and casual while feeling very authentic. The staff is very accommodating. The vegetarian meal we had was delicious except when it came to....The bad:Those spongy pancakes! All entrees are served on top (and, as if you can't get enough, a large side portion) of wet pancake. The meal would have been so much more enjoyable if it were served with any other type of carbohydrate, i.e. - cracker, naan, bread, anything but the sponges it came upon! Also, the Ethiopian beers featured here on Yelp (in a picture and review) are no longer served. This was a big disappointment since my partner was looking forward to sampling some of these imports. Service is on the slow side so I would not recommend this restaurant for a fast business lunch.Conclusion:A comfortable, hole-in-the wall establishment with a lot to offer. Some easy changes to the menu and service could easily raise their star rating. I would recommend Meskerem if you are familiar with and enjoy Ethiopian cuisine.
4	Truly a sharing experience with the whole table. Very interactive. The spices were just right, and the portions perfect for my party of two. The best of the two Ethiopian restaurants I've discovered in Charlotte.
3	It left me with a sour taste in my mouth. No pun intended. My husband and I stopped by for a quick snack during a break from work. They run lunch specials before 3pm and we got there by 2:45pm. We shared the veggie combo and maybe that is where we went wrong.When the female server (who is usually there) dropped the dish off she said, "You got servings for two. The new guy is still getting used to our portions. It's no problem." Cool. Well, once we were finished we got the bill and we were charged the dinner price. The time was only 3:20pm. Yes, we scarfed it down...we bring a whole new meaning to fast food. Anyway, my husband asked her about it and she insisted we arrived after 3pm. I know it was only a matter of $5 or so, but to me it was the "customer is wrong" attitude. We paid for the dinner price, but left feeling as though it was a bit passive aggressive to charge us more when we did not arrive after 3pm. Maybe it was because we shared, maybe it was because the new guy gave us more, or maybe her watch was running fast. Who knows? Anyway, it will be a long time before we return. Since the old owners left, the food quality varies. Today was a fresh day.
4	Stoked to find Ethiopian in my new home city.  I love the spice combos in Ethiopian dishes... it's just enough to add a satisfying flavor but not overwhelming by any means.  And the food here met that expectation.Service... eh, a little pokey, considering we were one of two tables being served at the time.  And all of the domestic beers listed on their menu were not available when we went, who knows why.  But the food was pleasing enough to still merit fandom.  Just come maybe 20 minutes before you're *actually* hungry, you know, when you're like well I could eat right now, but it'd be more out of boredom than hunger.  Yeah, go when that feeling hits you.
4	Meskerem is such a fun experience if you have an open mind and you are patient. It's not the place that you go for high end ambiance (my table was cracked and held together with masking tape) (so loved that BTW!!) or for fast service (the place had two other tables sat and it took about 30 minutes to get served, but there are excellent prices and enjoyable and "fun" food. The last time that I ate Ethiopian food was in NJ and admittedly it was one of those fancy places with where they feel they have to upscale what I feel is very homey ethnic cooking. It is a feel good food and it's best served simply. Something comforting about eating with your hands? I was lucky enough to eat dinner on the night that the owner was working as the server and she was very friendly and proud of her restaurant. She talked very freely with me and my date which made the evening experience even more fun. Turns out we have traveled to some of the same places. There was also a group of men sitting around a table in the corner drinking beer, speaking Amharic, Oromifa, Tigrinya (or one of the other 80+ languages spoken in Ethiopia and Eritrea) and watching a soccer game. That was really a treat to listen to and watch. We ordered a combination plate to share with both vegetables and chicken on a single piece of injera. I loved the lentils and the chickpeas were so tasty. I didn't find anything too salty when eaten with the injera. I even ate the cabbage and I'm never really wild about that. Just for fun we tried the honey wine and both my date and I thought that it was so sweet. Please trust the other reviews and mine, order a red wine or a white and just don't try this stuff. Whew. Overall this place is worth the cash. You get good food and a unique experience at a price that even your wallet can stomach.
4	I'm grateful to have this around the corner, for sure.I don't crave Ethiopian food like I do other types of ethnic food, but when I'm in the mood, Meskerem hits the spot.  As far as I can tell, it's pretty traditional, with the same types of lentil, chickpea, collard, and cabbage staples for the veggie sampler.  The lentil sambosas are killer... I could eat a whole plate of them by myself.So yes... yes to Meskerem.
3	I appreciate having a place like this nearby, especially when I have friends visiting who want something really different.  Everyone I have taken here loves it and ends up going back numerous times.  My boyfriend loves it.On the other hand, I'm not a fan of the mushy food.  It's not that it doesn't taste good, it does.  I am not usually picky with textures, but pureed type food just doesn't appeal to me and I've never visited Meskerem on account of any craving for it.  It usually gives me a stomach ache as well, though it has never bothered anyone I've taken to eat here.  It's just me.  Too bad.
4	Never have I ever even uttered these words, much less put them on this dang thing called the Internet for the martians to read in space. Ready? I love the lunch buffet. I can't believe it either. Usually I see the buffet setup in restaurants and the first words out of my mouth... "can we order off the menu?" We strolled in, took a seat and hit the bar! Yummy, spicy enough, plenty of choices, I just can't stop thinking about it today. There are a few choices for Ethiopian in Charlotte, I like them all. But I might be partial to this lunch buffet, because of price and selection. Lentils, collards, cabbage, spicy potato mixture and plenty of injera to sop it up. Hell yeah.
4	YUM! I lunch buffet-ed the other day with a veggie girlfriend of mine and we were really impressed with this unassuming little place. The food was fresh, varied and well seasoned and the woman who seated and checked in on us was really friendly. I will say that I do love Ethiopian and while I don't know much, I did like this but wished it offered more spicy options (nothing on the buffet that day was spiced). Also, no salad bar here which is something I could see adding to it - just some greens and vinaigrette dressing is something I love to pair with the heavier dishes!
4	4.5 stars. Food brought out quickly, great service, and nice tea. Wish they had Ethiopian desserts.Highly suggest you check out the place and order the veggie combo, believe me you're in for a treat.
4	So I'm not an Ethiopian expert. In fact I've not been anywhere but Meskerem and some street vendors here and there. But their vegetarian spicy lentils (I'm pretty sure it's the Miser Wat, but could have been Miser Alecha) are to die for (5/5). But I love spicy. The collards and the injera "bread" that is really like a tangy pancake are also delicious.  I did come one time for lunch to get the lunch buffet thinking it might be decent (because after all I, like Tonya P, have an affliction known as buffetphobia) but that day the buffet was broken.  Anyway, to me the spicy lentils are the best thing on the menu and I taste tested friends' chicken and beef dishes that were only OK.  I could definitely see why some people might not like 1) eating with their hands or 2) the mushy consistency of many of the items. But it's different.Service is funny- helpful, but very hard to understand and only will give you your bill if you ask for it. So act in a hurry and you will get normal service. :)  There are also a few times when I've driven up during their normal business hours and the place is closed. Huh?  Eh, whatevs...  I had a really hard time deciding how many stars to give Meskerem. After all, it seems like great Ethiopian, and is different. Good value ($8.75 for my meal). But apathetic, unreliably open service and definitely specialized. That said, I've not been able to get The Stud to try it out.  How about you try it and let me know how you like it?
4	If you want to eat Ethiopian food in Charlotte this is definitely the place to go.  The atmosphere is is a lot more inviting than Red Sea.  And I also never feel like there's freaky stuff going down in the back room like I do at Red Sea.  The new owners here are so kind and I feel that the quality of the food is much more consistent since they took over. Each time that I decide to eat at Meskerem it is because I am in the mood for their kitfo (think spicy beef tartare).  The new owners have a consistent supply of quality beef, so the kitfo is always available to me now.  It was hit-or-miss with the last owners and I was let down many times when I had a hankering for raw meat.  If you don't feel like being a meat adventurer, I recommend the lamb.  The lentils and collards are a must-have item, as well.  I recommend Meskerem as a group outing so people can share a large platter of various items.  Do it up right by eating with your hand (that hand being the right hand) and have yourself an adventurous meal!
4	This is a nice little spot in the city. An okay amount of veggie options, mad tasty injera, and a kind and helpful staff. What more could you ask for?My friend and I split the veggie combo. It had an assortment of lentils, sauces, collards and chickpeas. Way too much food for one person.The restaurant is elegantly laid out and very clean.I think the only complaint I have is theres no effort with the spicing of the dishes. Ethiopian tends to have creative aromas or pleasant heat-- I didn't get either from here.
4	Very tasty vegetarian buffet. The only complaint I have is that there were two TVs on the whole time plating two different news stations. Why?
4	Do you know Timatim?  If you are guessing someones spiritual son - I would say it is a very good guess, though this time it is the name of an AWESOME tomato Zalad (so incredible I spell salad with a Z)!  Tomatoes, Green Peppers, Olive Oil, Red Onions, Lemon Juice, some spices (no garlic, no vinegar) - of course she will not tell me the whole recipe "it's a restaurant I won't tell" she said... I said "fair enough" I wouldn't either.  I do not like "Injera" a soft, sour, thin bread made to tear off bits to pick up your food!  So my Timatim is served in a bowl and I get my entree with rice.This past Saturday night I had dinner here.  This was my 5th dine at Meskerem.  The Entree was #13 Doro Wat (first time for this one): Chicken (lower legs) sauteed in Onions, Ginger, Garlic, Butter, Red Wine and ground pepper (usually served with a boiled egg - No thanks - I got Lentils instead) served with Rice (my request instead of bread), and three sides: Lentils, Collard Greens and String Beans, Carrots and Onions!  Everything was Very Good!  The service was fine.3-27-2012 Yum, my first Lunch Buffet here and one of the few Buffets I have eaten in my adult life... I'm not fond of Buffets, though this one, I enjoyed every dish offered!  This is a buffet I would recommend to anyone even those who despise Buffets!
5	I had the Meskerem Combo and Sambosa.  OMG those dishes were fantastic and the lady server was so nice and was very patient with me.  You have to try this place you won't regret it!
3	I don't think I've ever had bad Ethiopean food so the best I can say about this place is that it's not so bad, but not so great either. I ordered the meat combo and veggie combo.
1	As you can see, they've gone down and hit bottom in my book. It's a sad day when I look back to the 5 star days and now I am replacing those rave reviews with a lowly 1 star (which I've never done, until now).The other day I was craving Ethiopian food...it's my weird comfort food...something with eating with my hands. Although I remembered my last visit here to be less than great, I thought I would test my luck. Call me unlucky.It was one of those hot Charlotte days that reached almost 100, if not 100. We asked the owner if their A/C was broken and she quickly agreed that it was. My gut feeling was that they just didn't have it on high enough (since when we've gone in the past it wasn't really cool either). But I'll give her the benefit of the doubt, although she had been dishonest with us in the past (see last review).Like others have mentioned, it is very slow service. She took our food order and our drinks didn't arrive (which we only wanted ice water to help beat the heat) until after she gave us our food order! And if you are familiar with Ethiopian food, some of the dishes have some spice...water is essential. The quality in food has definitely gone down. The lentil dishes are no longer meshed in a healthy clump, but now are a tad on the drizzly side. The cabbage dish was way overcooked. Lastly, they no longer have the dish that looks like a variation of couscous (which I know it wasn't, it just looked like that) and in its place is another runny lentil puree. They also stopped giving an entire injera bread and now have slices of it on a plate that equal half of one whole one. However, the one thing that has remained the same are the prices. Not worth it. I realize that a 1 star review is almost equivalent to a death sentence. But believe me, this place is dead to me.
5	Yes, yes, yes!! Oh wow, is this place good. I've tried other Ethiopian restaurants and this one is definitely the stand out. Also, if you happen to be a vegetarian, Merskerem is a must.Injeera, the traditional bread, is a soft, spongy and pliable untensil/food that tastes of sourdough or beer. You'll not be needing a fork for this excursion, just your fingers and a few napkins. My favorites are the doro wat (chicken stewed with onion, garlic and spices), spicy lentils, cabbage and anything with berbere (a spice blend). After all the food is gone, I just love eating the injeera that's sopped up all the various flavors.The only thing I'd note is that on occasion service can run a tad slow, so be patient and enjoy your meal. Lunch service is less laid back than dinner.No matter the time, everyone is helpful and congenial. I'd recommend coming here with at least one friend so that you can share and sample different things. Just be sure it's someone you know values hand washing!
3	Pretty much on par with my past experiences with Ethiopian food. Had the vegetarian combo with the avocado salad. Tasty but nothing crazy exciting.
4	I want to check out the lunch buffet here. I really enjoyed getting my hands dirty with ethiopian food, but I felt like I was limited in what I could try. Once i get this baby out of me and I'm home on maternity leave, I plan to go check it out. There was a decent selection of vegetarian options, and what we had was really good. They do the thing where your sodas come in a can, and you get charged individually for them...I hate that thing. They also do the thing that a lot of ethnic restaurants do where they won't dim the lights...it would be much nicer with slightly lower lighting...but overall, it was a great dinner, and perfect for a couple date.
4	Ethiopian food was a new experience for us, so I can't make a direct comparison but I am very familiar with all sorts of North African, Middle Eastern, Persian and Turkish cooking and the cuisine didn't taste unfamiliar. The different items we tried were very good to excellent and the prices were moderate however everything is served on top of their traditional "bread" -a sort of French crepe made out of grain- and this lends a degree of sameness to the whole meal. We will probably only dine there occasionally for that reason. It may be sacrilegious to say this, but it's too bad they don't offer also Indian nam or hand made pita (not the mass produced pita pockets) as an option.
4	A nice breath of fresh air from the usual Italian, American or any other blah restaurant in Charlotte.  Plus, an excellent choice for vegetarians, like me, to have many choices on the menu to choose from.  The atmosphere is very laid back, if your in a rush don't expect curt service or a short wait because this is a place where you can enjoy the atmosphere while nibbling on your large, flavorful portions.  Also, the food portions are enormous for the price, great value!  Charlotte only has about two Ethiopian restaurants, Meskerem is by far the better in my opinion.  The fermented bread your order comes with is delicious, it taste like sour dough bread but very spongey!  And don't expect to use utensils if you really want to eat your meal the proper way.  Overall, a great experience from the usual restaurants in town!
2	Went here for dinner last night and was left satiated, but tragically underwhelmed with the service.Upon entering the restaurant around 6:30 on a Thursday night, it took about 5 minutes for the two of us to be seated. Don't misunderstand, there was no line and plenty of open tables--it just took that long for the host to come up from behind the bar (at the far end of the restaurant) to seat us. It was another 5 minute wait until he returned to check in on us. We were ready to order (Sambusa, vegetarian comb, and Doro Wat). We also asked for water as well. Then the true waiting began...It took no less that 15 minutes and two requests until--wait for it--we received ONE glass of water. It came with the promise of "one more soon". Huh? Was there a clean glass shortage? Has the cost of water increased? Going eco-friendly?Another 10 minutes passed until the second promised glass of water came. By this time, we already instituted a water rationing schedule: there would be no refills during this meal. Nor were there.The service was so bad that dominated our lighthearted discussion. While it provided some comic relief, it did not set the stage for a great dinner.The food; however, while not the best I ever had, was good. The chicken Doro Wat was particularly well seasoned. I have never had a more tender chicken that literally fell off the bone. The Miser Alicha lentils were probably the best of the veggies.When it came time to pay, we noticed not one, but two patrons standing in front of the bar trying to get some attention (for about 10 minutes)--whether water, food, check, or hugs I do not know. We opted to pay in cash just so we could leave without waiting an extra 15 minutes for him to get back to us.Overall the meal was filling, particularly with the injera (spongy flatbread). Still, the service was severely lacking so we'll probably stay away for a while. TIP FOR VEGETARIANS: if you are a vegetarian dining with a carnivore, all of the food will come out on one massive plate where cross-contamination may occur. This didn't bother us (as neither of us are vegetarian), but I watch our for my vegetarian friends. Perhaps if you asked, they could prepare separate plates.TIP FOR FIRST DATE: Don't! You'll be eating with your hands off the same plate. This level of intimacy may not be suiting to such an endeavor.
3	This was my first experience with Ethiopian food and I was really excited to try something new and different.  I had heard about these large pancake like things filled with delicious savory food.  But this dining experience fell short of my expectations.One star is easily knocked off purely for poor service.  I felt bad for the dude working there, but he was acting as host, food runner, and waiter for the entire restaurant.  If he was rushing, he could possibly have pulled this off since it is a small restaurant.  No rushing was occurring.It took at least 15 to 20 minutes to get water.  And that wasn't even for the whole table, he brought ONE water for a table of two, and promised he'd be back with the other water shortly.  Another 10 minutes later we got the second water.  This excruciatingly slow service carried over into having our order taken and to ultimately paying the bill.We got the chicken doro wat and and vegetarian combo.  The pancake-y thing was a strange, rubbery consistency that I was not too keen on.  But the actual chicken and veggie dishes were quite interesting and flavorful.Basically, the service killed it.  Do not go here if you are in a rush.
5	Second time eating Ethiopian. LOVED it. Got the veggie combo.  Ate it all myself. No sharing here. Cozy with nice enough decor and the folks are very nice. No problem with service at all that some guests had mentioned. Great experience. My new favorite restaurant in CLT on lay overs.
5	LOVE this place.  We are about 1.5 hours away, but this is always on the list of stops when we have to come to Charlotte.  I enjoy when we are there for a lunch buffet because it is all vegetarian and a really cheap all you can eat option, thank you!  Even if we are not there from 11-3 M-F, I just get the Veggie combo and the kind host will allow me to get more of the items I'm really craving (Collards, Yellow Split Peas, and Cabbage dishes), and skip the others (Spicy Lentils with Berbere).I think I found out the hard way that their Injera (the flat bread you eat with) is not made from 100% Teff flour (the traditional recipe) and must have some wheat lurking in it.  I should have asked, since my wimpy stomach no longer accommodates gluten, but I think I secretly didn't care, cause what is Ethiopian without the injera?They will bring you a fork if the thought of eating with your hands it too much, but can I ask how you eat your sandwiches or french fries?They usually only have 1-2 people working, so service can be slow, but I've never had excruciating slow service like some reviewers have mentioned.  Its obviously a family business, and as such it has its quirks.I wish Meskerem would move to Winston Salem, but its probably best for my wallet and waist-line that they are a good distance from my front door.
4	Get a group together and enjoy a plate of scrumptious Ethiopian food.  Staff is cordial.  Food is wonderful.
3	Being a huge fan of the very flavorful foods of Ethiopia, we were excited to check out the local place here in Charlotte. Went on a Thursday night, normally a busy night in the city, but it was just us and a family of 4. The one VERY odd thing right off the bat was the loud, blaring TV show which was a POLITICAL show. MSNBC Chris Matthews to boot! I absolutely HATE that guy, and I find it in very poor taste that a restaurant would put on such a blatantly partisan political show! NO matter what side of the aisle you reside on, politics has no place in a restaurant. Period!Thankfully, the waiter agreed to change the channel on the TV in the restaurant front so as to prevent any regurgitation caused by the crap coming from the screen! But he still decided to keep the political channel on in the back, but at a lower volume. Very strange indeed.Anyway, enough of my digression. As far as the FOOD goes, it was quite tasty and fresh. The waiter was very soft-spoken and friendly, and explained all the food choices, but only when ASKED. He didn't volunteer to explain what is what, but we were already familiar with Ethiopian cuisine. I wonder about people who are NOT that familiar......hum. Started off with a cold appetizer which reminded me of Italian Bruschetta, Ethiopian style. Very fresh tomatoes and onions, all wrapped in their Injara bread. If you're not familiar with Injara, it's very similar to a Crepe, but "spongier" because this is what you eat with. And don't be shocked that NO silverware is provided. You eat everything with the Injara bread by breaking off pieces and picking up the food. It's quite fun, albeit messy.For the entrees, we had the Beef Tips and Chicken Tips, which is served "family style" right on a big platter over the Injara bread. This way, you can sample all the yummy goodies, and ours came with chickpeas and collards. This food was very savory and spicy, but NOT spicy "Hot." I actually wish it had been more spicy hot, but it was good nonetheless. They have a very limited wine selection, but it's only $6 a glass for Argentinian Malbec which was decent.Overall, this is a good place. I was underwhelmed by the service, and the LOUD political TV show on was too much. The owners need to rethink how to better present their wonderful cuisine in a more professional FOOD atmosphere. I think we'll try "Red Sea" to compare.
5	So I'm a sucker for Ethiopian food and Meskerem delivers every time!Lunch buffet. Never been to an Ethiopian place with such a good buffet. Tons of choices with lentils and greens. Such good flavors in all of them. Their Injera is perfect. Put the fork and the knife down and sop up all of that good lentily mixture! If you are of the carnivorous group, plenty of beef options. Ethiopians tend to stick with beef since it is more plenty. Not too crazy about the meat options, but definitely interesting and always worth the adventure. The service is so nice and very friendly. If you're not sure what to order, (Shiro Wat would be confusing to most, I'm sure) they are very helpful. Don't be afraid to ask. They know most people aren't familiar with Ethiopian. If you choose to take leftovers home, be sure to keep your Injera separate. You want it to retain that nice and boingy texture! Meskerem FTW. Way better than Red Sea and definitely worth a visit for lunch (Buffet) or dinner. Best in the QC for sure.
3	First let me say, I've only had the lunch buffet at Meskerem.It was my first time trying Ethiopian food as well. The location is small and plain. There weren't very many other customers for the time of day,  but that was a plus for me!I was happiest about the amount of vegetarian items on the buffet. If I remember correctly only a small section of the spread had meat. The quality of everything was good, but there wasn't anything I really got excited about... maybe that's just the tune with buffets in general?I would definitely visit here again to try the dinner menu.
5	I loved this place. amazing Ethiopian food. Served In authentic style. The waiter was very pleasant.
3	Words cannot describe the excitement that bubbled inside me prior to going to Meskerem. I've never tried Ethiopian food and learned that Meskerem has a lunch buffet from other yelp reviews. I figured I wouldn't have any idea what to order and a buffet would be a great opportunity to sample a good selection of Ethiopian cuisine. DISAPPOINTED. First we were told that the buffet cart/machine was "broken." Later we were told that the buffet is only available from Tuesdays-Thursdays AFTER we ordered  (We came on a Friday). Not only that, we were only given the standard menu despite the lunch specials advertised on the website. Hmmm... Our meal was very flavorful and rich. I recommend the Lamb Tibs! Every bite was filled with herbs and spices. I didn't care much for the injera bread, which is a spongy bread that is a main component of the meal. At the same time, I didn't want to be rude and ask for silverware since eating with your hands and using the bread to scoop is part of the culture. Our waiter taught us to use "five fingers, not two or not three. Use five" lol The Sambusa, which is bread stuffed with beef/lentils green peppers, onions and garlic, was also delicious. It's an appetizer, but it was my favorite part of the meal! Perfect texture blend of crunchy and flaky. Plus, it came with this flavorful sauce that we used on everything else we ordered. You're not suppose to, but it was just that good!If you haven't tried Ethiopian food before,  you should give Meskerem a shot. The meal seemed very authentic, but just not my cup of tea. Possibly I will come back to try the buffet and give Meskerem another chance.
2	I love ethiopian food, I also love ethiopian babes, but thats another story. While the service was standard (why is it that every ethiopian restaurant worldwide only employ one waiter no matter how busy/empty the place is) i thought the food was a bit sub standard. The injera wasnt great, the Tibs were just OK, and the veggies were not fresh. I didnt complain because the price was certainly right, but im not sure i would return there again.
4	Really good Ethiopian food, friendly staff, and very, very reasonable prices.  The cabbage, carrot, and potato dish was delicioius, and the lentils are extra spicy.
4	The lunch buffet is no more. Boooooo.
4	Yummmmm
4	Buffett with five standard but very flavorful dishes. Great value and very filling. We are very lucky to have such a nice restaurant in Charlotte. Tucked away in a strip mall; you almost forget about this unless you crave Ethiopian. Take out-of-towners who want to try something new, and are open-minded.
5	Wonderful! Don't be fooled by the storefront location.  The food is intriguing and delicious, the coffee is out of this world, and the service was perfect.  We'll go back again and again!
4	It's still good, but my memories of past vistis were more, um, orgasmic?? The food isn't as well or heavily spiced as it once was, though I'd certainly still eat here with no major complaints. The Tibs Wat is much better than the Lamb Tibs. All the veggies are good, but especially the spicy lentils (miser) and cabbage. I found the shiro wat (chickpeas) pretty bland. But service is prompt, if aloof and the place is still clean and decorated as I remember with Ethiopian art on the walls and the injeera is, well, injeera in all its spongy goodness.
1	The food was decent but not warm or hot at all. They charge you for things and don't tell you about it beforehand. The service is poor, you have to call them for service.
4	Meskerem is an easy comfortable place to be.  I have been there three times in a year, and the waitress remembered me after the first visit.  As the token vegetarian in a group of six, I had my own platter, consisting of spicy red lentils, mild yellow lentils, cabbage, cauliflower, collard greens and green beans.  This was served with their spongy, stretchy bread, which resembled rolled wash cloths, but didn't taste like them.  I loved the red lentils, because of the nice burn they left in my mouth.  I also enjoyed the green beans, which is a vegetable that I don't typically like.  Their green beans are also highly seasoned and spicy.  The other items were good as well.  I would have  preferred that the cauliflower have more flavor, as it was quite simple.  The collard greens were fine, but not outstanding.  My carnivore dining partners enjoyed the platter of lamb, beef and chicken.  There is something for everyone here.
4	First time I tried Ethiopian food in Charlotte during my cross country road trip. Family owned, gracious service and top notch food! Loved it!
4	My girlfriend and i love Meskerem!  The Sambusa is absolutely delicious!  I ordered the lamb tibs and it was cooked perfectly!  I love the spicy lentils and greens!
4	Gluten Free Diner Review: Wow. I have been there twice and had an amazing experience both times. They were VERY good at accommodating the gluten free diner and made gluten free injera. The avocado salad appetizer was very fresh and perfectly seasoned at both visits. We ordered almost everything on the menu on my first visit, as I was with others who had never had Ethiopian food. Each dish was unique and flavorful. The second visit,  my husband and I got the veggie and the meat combos to share. These were presented on one large injera covered platter... a delicious feast. While the atmosphere is a little dated and drab, the food and service were excellent both times. I was surprised that there were few other diners there on both visits. Will go back whenever we are in Charlotte.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. It's just incredible.We usually order the Meskerem Combo, which is a combination of Tibs Wat (Beef sauteed with berbere), Gomen Besiga (Prime beef seasoned with garlic, onions and ginger, finished with collard greens), Miser Alicha (Split lentils with ginger, garlic, onions, olive oil and curry), and Miser wat (Red lentils).We also order the Vegetarian combo... which is their cabbage dish, green bean dish, collards, and lentils.This is plenty of food for 2 people, and we usually have leftovers!Last time we got the Kitfo also, raw prime beef, chopped and mixed with spices and butter. It was delicious... but very spicy!!! I would compare it to steak tartar... except much more seasoned!They also serve tej, which is honey wine they make in house. It has a very distinctive flavor, unlike anything I've had before, but lovely. It's not on the menu, but they have it for special request!Saying that you're eating Ethopian food sounds strange and exotic... but I find the food to be tasty and comfortable... it's not weird at all!
4	I love Meskerem, they definitely have the best-tasting Ethiopian food in Charlotte. They bring you everything on one platter, so be sure you like your dining companions and you're ready to eat with your hands. They will bring you as much fluffy injera as you need, and the baklava is some of the best I've ever had.
4	I do not frequent Ethiopian restaurants but when I come to Charlotte I always eat here.
3	I love Ethiopian food, in fact one of my all time favorite restaurants is an Ethiopian one in San Jose. Unfortunately, they set the bar really high! I was excited when I found out about Meskerem; and I've probably been there about 4-5 times in the last year, but with each visit, I found the food to be less fantastic than the last time. Inconsistent quality is kinduv a big deal to me. How do I know the food is going to be good when I decide to take my friends or family out to dinner there? I like simple comfort foods, and when I'm in the mood for something like that, I pick up the phone, call in an order of the spicy red lentils with injera & some of their amazing red chili powder on the side (not sure what all is in that powder, but it's great!). I'm not giving up on Meskerem yet, I will go in to their cozy little restaurant again, with my fingers crossed, hoping to get the best Doro Wat and Miser Wat!
4	This was my first time eating Ethiopian and I really enjoyed it. I got the combo which was 12.50 (a bit pricey for lunch if you asked me) but it comes with a bunch of things I can't pronounce but were very similar to chick peas, lentils collard greens and beef. It was really good but I couldn't eat it all. Their suggestion is to eat with your hands but I found it easier using a fork. I would suggest dining in so that you get the whole Ethiopian experience, I got take out but am really thinking about checking it out for dinner (prices are the same)
4	Am I the only one who thinks that an Ethiopian food place is odd? I mean when I was but a young 'un, and didn't finish my plate, my parents told me about all those starving kids in Africa who would love to have the food and all - how can they have a restaurant?But I digress. In actuality, there are multiple Ethiopian places to eat in the Queen City, and Meskerem is just the latest that I've tried. The ones I have tried share the same two common traits: One: The service is excellent. Way more friendly than most "American" places (perhaps my parents sent them all my leftovers, and they've spent all this time looking for me to share their gratitude). Two: Injera. This cold, spongy bread is just odd.It is pretty cool to be able to eat with your hands, and if young me had it way back when, I might not have had any leftovers to send to those less fortunate, so the service might stink. But for those of us who grew up on a limited palate, it's just strange. Note that I never said I didn't eat it, but it takes some getting used to in order to do so.Luckily, being able to eat with your hands really helps in that regard, and the flavors from all the other stuff seeping down into it does as well. If you take any leftovers home (not sure if this is common in Ethiopia), then heating it up at home the next day makes it even better.With all that in mind, Meskerem is probably the best of the places I've tried for Ethiopia. I just have to make sure they know I'm not sending them any more leftovers. Of course, they could probably look at me and figure that one out.
4	I am giving this place a four because the staff is friendly and the place is clean. I give the food probably a 3.5. It was good food, but something about it made it taste more Americanized. I like the atmosphere of this place and I will definitely be back.
5	Best Ethiopian food in North Carolina. If you're coming from or planning on going to Amelie's, be sure to stop here at some point. It's only three miles away. The food is simply outstanding. What you take is up to you... but I recommend getting the combo plate, which is more than enough for two people (veggie dish with eggs, chicken drumstick dish).Expect to eat with your hands. It's just easier and better.   Highly recommended restaurant. Just a head's up: the service is a little inconsistent but staff is always friendly and nice. Parking can get a little crowded because of the other restaurants and businesses but a space is usually open.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for months now.  Got here around 3pm.  It was totally empty besides a few folks at the bar.  I was treated like royalty from the time I walked in the door.  So ashamed to admit but I had no idea you ate Ethiopian food with your hands.  The waiter took time with me to explain everything and he was so very kind.  The food and service were amazing.  I ordered the avocado salad and the veggie combo.  I cannot wait to come back for more!
5	Not the best service, but the food is tremendous.  Great Vegetarian options.
3	The beef tibs were a little dry but overall it hits the spot if you're craving Ethiopian food. The man who runs the place is very friendly.
3	Good food but subpar service. We got the veg combo and it was delicious. Bread was soft and the curries was well cooked. But the service was slow even though no one was at the restaurant. The staff tried to engage us but ended up coming across a little abrasive.
1	I have never tried Ethiopian before so I can't give a fair review of the food I had at Meskerem. What I can review however is the HORRIBLE SERVICE. The waiter, who I believe is also the owner, was extremely rude and condescending to the four of us. I had questions about the menu since this was my first experience with this type of cuisine and he seemed bothered by the fact I was asking questions. Seeing that I was getting nowhere with him, I chose chicken since I felt rushed to make a decision. It took almost 30 minutes for our meals to come out even though there were only two other tables occupied at prime lunch time (noon). Once our food arrived, the waiter never came back to check on us. We had to hunt him down for our check and when we received it, all of our orders were lumped together in one sum. I asked if we could pay individually for what we had and he refused. He split the $75 four ways and I ended up paying $18.75 for a handful of chicken and a can of warm Coke. (Oh by the way, they charge you for the baskets of bread you use to eat the food) Not happy with the experience, I only tipped $2 for a total of $20.75. When I checked my online statement a couple of days later, he had gone in and added more money to my tip !!! SO SHADY and ILLEGAL !! My advice, pay in cash and make sure you have plenty of time for an excruciatingly long lunch ! I will never recommend or spend another dime in this establishment.
5	Amazing experience. Waitress was sweet, and the food was amazing. A novel eating experience, executed extremely well.We tried the lentil and beef pastry appetizers and they were crispy and delicious. The lentil was MUCH more tasty than the beef. With the entrees we had the lentils and the chicken entrees. As with the appetizer, the lentils were so much better than the chicken (which was really good). In short try the lentils.We also enjoyed the Ethiopian coffee which was special. Very hot and very flavorful. It was smooth as butter, but tasted a lot different than a normal Starbucks coffee.
5	My mother is currently in Ethiopia visiting her family and when I can't visit my parents' home to get great habesha food for free, I have to settle for great habesha food at a reasonable price. It's all very authentic and delicious. There's plenty of parking and I've always been served in a kind and timely manner. It's mostly healthy and there are so many vegetarian options. I live for their shiro wat and it might be as good as my mother's but I won't tell her that ;).
3	I would say this place is not for everyone.This may be five star Ethiopian food, I wouldn't know.  I thought it was just okay.So I came with a group.  We ordered appetizers for the table.  Then came the realization that you eat with your hands.  Yes, you pull apart the spongy bread the appetizer is wrapped in and stick your hand, the one you used to wiped your ass with earlier in the day, into the food other people are also eating.  Hey man, this isn't like chips and salsa where you can avoid double dipping.  With these dishes, your fingers are going into the food as you try to dip the bread in to get some.  I could tell a few members of the group were slightly put off by this.  If you have a germaphobe in your group, then skip the appetizer.  To be fair, you can ask for forks.For the entree, I got the Meskerem Combo (lamb, beef and some other shit I didn't recognize).  So the sample came with a plop of like five items on top of the bread.  The bread gets soggy from the dishes and is like eating raw dough.  I thought the sample was just okay.  Nothing great.I left sill hungry and stopped by Cook Out on the way home.  If you like Ethiopian food then more power to you.I
5	If you know Ethiopian food, this place does a good job of it. If you are not familiar with it, then you really should be. This place is delicious, clean and well priced. Try skipping Applebee's for one night and let your taste buds have an adventure. Try this place.
5	Keep your eyes peeled for it's located at the end of a shopping strip on the corner - look for the big 'Ethiopian Cuisine' sign.We were excited to have dinner here with our little sister & her boyfriend.The veggie combo is AMAZING !  They had the meat combo & cleaned their plates as well.We began with the avocado salad as recommended by our lovely server (owner?) & was blown away by the flavors.This is hands down the best Ethiopian food & experience I have had to date.Highly recommended.
5	Super yummy! My friend Rebecca loves this place and honestly at first I was a little nervous about the ethnicity. Can't believe I waited so long to try it. Love this little place. Great quiet, local spot. And who don't like to eat with their hands!!! Check it out! I love the avocado salad!
