4	I initially posted this under the Sundance Cinemas - but no, I'm talking about the restaurant that is on the floors above the movie theater.I had a nice evening dinner at this place. Although the view from the rooftop is pretty limited,  loved the very airy+snobbish atmosphere. If you're yuppie hater, this might not be the place to be, but it's not that heavily sophisticated. I mean, it's still down to earth, and I didn't feel awkward with my very casual outfit. It's a very nice spot for a date.My friend and I ordered sweet potato fries, mojito for me and 7on7 for him.  For entree, I had grilled salmon on top of green salad ($12.50, and he had open faced crab-melt $11.50). My mojito was pretty good. Just the right amount of mint leaf, but not over whelming. Food was pretty decent, too. I just loved spending relaxing Sunday night in the warm air.  A caveat is that if you run into a pre- or post movie rush, the service can be very slow. It didn't bother me so much since I was chatting away with my friend, but if your friend is not the conversational type, you might struggle to fill the void time.
3	I reserve 3-star ratings for places that I thought were nice or good but never felt the need to return to. I came here with friends after a movie one night and had a tasty martini, and locally brewed root beer. A little expensive, mind you.
2	I want to rate 608 higher but I've had so many sub-par experiences here. The wait to get a table is never long (1st star) and the drinks are pretty strong (2nd star). Unfortunately the wait for drinks is always long, even when there isn't many customers. The food takes equally long to get to your table, I've actually gotten a COLD sandwich because the turn around time was so long.The view in the summer is nice, sitting on the roof people watching after being couped up in an office all day is a excellent way to unwind. It's also nice to take your food and drink into the theatre with you if you can't finish in time for your movie.
4	Fun, good view, and the bartenders do a good job with some fairly labor-intensive margaritas.
2	this review is for what there calling madison_rooftop_tasteofsummer, I had the 10 dollar pastrami burger and 7  dollar calamari, calamari no red sauce barely enough calamari to satisfy a bird. Pastrami burger for 10 dollars you expect more then 1 slice, Seriously one small slice, 1 slice of pastrami are you kidding. it took me longer to read the 3 paragraph burger description of this burger then it took to eat it. I'm pretty sure this place is nothing like the real sundance except the prices.this place is lost and so is there menu, good luck
1	Went here before a movie and their food options were limited. We got Parmesan tots with spicy "ketchups" (yes, plural even though there was one spicy ketchup) and kettle chips with "dips" (guacamole and salsa). It's as if some guy in college was raiding his fridge to concoct this menu.The drinks were sub par, my wife's mojito wasn't great, and our waitress looked like she was on meth.  There were 7 servers behind the rooftop bar, but service still sucked.
2	It wouldn't take much to improve the atmosphere here. For starters, since it's outdoors, how about some summer flowers? Also, the metal chairs are uncomfortable -- seat pads would help. The wine selection is uninspired -- Sycamore Lane and Flip Flop -- and the food isn't great. I ordered the Mediterranean Platter and was expecting fresh cucumber slices, feta, tomatoes, roasted red peppers, hummus and olives. But it only had hummus and an artichoke dip, with pita slices and a small dish of olives. The view of the tree tops is pretty, though. And being outdoors in nice weather is always preferable to being inside.
