5	In addition to offering a full service deli stocked with Boar's Head meats, Adams serves up some of the most ludicrously large sandwiches in Charlotte. Check out the marinated chicken breast sandwich for a real treat. Homemade salads on the side FTW. Open early morning for breakfast sandwiches, too. Closed Sundays.
5	I unfortunately have not been able to make it to this fine establishment for any meal other than breakfast.  But let me tell you it was well worth dragging my tired butt out of bed and heading to my sucky job early so that I could swing by this place.The employees are friendly and welcoming even at 7am, and they have the hot coffee ready to go.  I'm not usually a fan of the breakfast sandwiches with egg on them, but I gave one from this place a try and actually liked it.  They use really fresh stuff, and the eggs were nice and fluffy.  So it your in the mood for something fresh and good, check this place out.
4	Adams 7th St Market is a great deli on the corner of Hawthorne and 7th St.  They have excellent sandwiches, soups and pastas.  You can get a sandwich "roll" (medium sized) or hero (large sized).  I opted for a honey turkey club and found the roll size to be just right.  This particular sandwich was delicious: loaded with honey turkey, coleslaw and bacon.  I also enjoyed a side of pesto pasta salad - there were quite a few sides to choose from.  Prices are moderate, service was very quick, and the interior was comfortable and clean.  Highly recommended for lunch!
2	Driving down 7th, I got reallllllly excited seeing a little mom-and-pops deli. The first thought that ran thru my head: Do they have prosciutto and cappicola? The answer: Prosciutto- yes; cappicola- no.So I ran in to get my cold cuts, looking forward to a phenomenal lunch. The quality of the meat was very good. The service, not so much.I stood at the counter nearly 25 minutes as he cut me 1/2 pound of turkey, prosciutto, american cheese, mozzarella, and bologna. 25 MINUTES! On top of it, the guy wrapped the meat soooooo tight that it took me another 20 minutes to unwrap to make a sandwich.Also, what kind of a market doesn't have bread you can buy? Literally, the entire store, NO BREAD! The only way I could have gotten bread was to order a sandwich and take it off. Will LBD be going back to this place you ask? Undecided. If I do, he will definitely order his meats before he goes, to ensure he doesn't have to wait any longer.This place needs improvement in the meats department. LBD scale- 3. PICK UP YOUR GAME!
4	recently staying at preby downtown for my daughters birth i walked down to this deli on the second day of our stay to get us lunch. the hoogie was amazing. the bread was nice and soft and all the meat was top notch. boars head is a great brand and what i get at my local deli anyway but they had great toppings and choice of meats. also a wide selection of anti pasta and salads as well as burgers soups and so much more i would eat here again in a heartbeat. the food was 20 dollars for 2 hoogies two drinks and two bags of chips which also was a great selection of kettle and alot of the normals
4	Solid deli with good ingredients, quick service and reasonable prices.
4	We eat here for lunch about twice a month (since 2010)  - always for sandwiches. We generally get the Italian, and another. Their chip selection is pretty limited though.
5	I have been coming to Adams 7th Street Market since I moved into this neighborhood & they have been consistently nice. I am always greeted and always given remarkable service. Typically I have breakfast here. I come over to have coffee, breakfast and a quiet place to work. The place is very clean, well priced & has plenty of parking. PLEASE EAT THE CROISSANT! It is soft and buttery & soooo delicious.
5	Yum Yum YUMMM!!!  I passed by this place several times and decided to give it a whirl for lunch.  Best wrap I have ever had!!  I love the variety of flavors you can get- Wheat, plain, spinach or tomato basil.  I had the Health wrap & the grilled chicken had a delicious black paper seasoning along with fresh veggies.  Macaroni salad was tasty and I love the different drinks they have to offer along with the candy on the counters.  It's a lot of fun in there!!
4	I have only been once. Nice staff. Quality ingredients. Tasty and fresh cold cut subs. I had the Italian. Yum!
4	What a great deli! With a menu that offers breakfast items to sandwiches & salads, with a variety of sides, which I will say remind me a New York Deli, they offer macaroni salad, potato, pasta salads, and so many more. And, the deli meat is Boar's Head, the best! I ordered the Turkey Club with a side of macaroni salad and loved every bite! The staff was great & service was fast, even with a line upon arrival. I definitely look forward to my next visit!
3	You know how you have specific tastes and you try to stick with places that will be a good fit for you? But then you also want to branch out and try something new? Yeah... so, this was my inner dialogue: "Dude, you should try a new place for lunch." "But Crisp down the street is really good and consistent." "Yeah, but this place has good reviews on Yelp." "Fuck. Alright, fine. I'll give it a shot."I should have listened to the side that wanted to go to Crisp. You walk into 7th Steet Market and the first thing that will probably cross your mind is: wow this place looks like a giant Subway. I mean, seriously, the furniture is old and kinda beat up to crap, the menu is unoriginal and it just looks like a bunch of shit has been thrown together to look like a deli. In short, it has no character.On the plus side, the service is great and the Greek Salad with chicken that I ordered was very good. They pre-make the salad veggies and leave them in the case, but the chicken itself was freshly grilled and came with a really nice Greek dressing with chunks of feta cheese.Having said that, Adams 7th Street Market is not my jam. They're just slapping together some Boar's Head meats and cheeses and throwing them onto bread; you might as well go to Harris Teeter if that's what you're looking for. However, if it's more your kind of thing and you want to support local business, then I would recommend it. Oh, and the prices are pretty reasonable.
