4	Pretty Cool Company.1.  Care - If you call at the right time, Mike will answer the phone as well, and to speak to the owner that has so many years of experience is great.2.  Service - Had an issue with our ice machine at the office and they came out to check out what we had and made a proper solution.3.  Product - First class product.  People are happy and it is working perfectly. Other companies we used to help us before were not professionally up to speed on the CRAFT of the business.4.  Personally - I was so happy that I decided to use them for my personal home as well and have it fully checked out. I like the team and service so I will be using them again.5.  Urgent - I called them twice on a weekend after my first home check up.  One of the units was bypassed when they tested it, so it was running cool all night. They came in and fixed it immediately with a good attitude. Okay, mistake on their part, and yet they handled it quickly and immediately. It is all about how you handle mistakes. That is the key.  6.  Urgent again - Called them to the house again as I was having a party in four hours during the heat of the Summer at 109 degrees outside. I was cooking and using the ovens inside!  4 hours before the party, I was setting the temp down low to cool the house as we were going to have a ton of people. The temperature was not working and one air con unit was not coming on..... The house and I were getting HOT.  Why now and why on a weekend again!!!! They came in 1  hour, determined it was a faulty thermostat that I installed 10 years ago and replaced it with one of theirs. All was good. I was expecting the "you need to replace your system" quote.  They also checked out other items before they left.7.  Price - You often get what you deserve.  I think that they are expensive as the product that install can be purchased on line or at stores for cheaper and all, however, when you have an emergency, they are there, they are ready, they have the parts and you pay the "right" amount, not the lowest amount.  I am good with it.If you need air conditioning experts, ice machines, these are the guys to call!
1	This contractor does not operate in good faith. Have lost multiple payments for services. They have admitted to losing paymnets from various customvers. Without any notification, parts were repossessed at an apartment complex as they claimed to not have payment. One entry to an apartment complex unit was against the tennants will. Back office in chaos. Root casue of problems appear to be businnes owner no longer running business with wife and son rude and unable to manage.Read below review on Yelp.  I concur with this analysis.  Business now in shambles as Mike is no longer involved.
5	These guys are so great! The whole team is super professional, on time, and very kind. They really know there stuff and went above and beyond to help me out.
5	Came out quickly and promptly fixed the problem. Affordable. Friendly techs who actually arrive on time.
5	Seven years and four score I bought 2 a/c units for my 3500 sf house. I paid a great price compared to what Train wanted. I did some research on a/c units for homes and found out that there are only 3 company's that make the units and that company's like Train slap there name on it. I found out what company makes the Train units and searched for a local company that sells and installs the units. I asked Royal that I wanted the same thing that is in a Train, without the price. so in 2007 I paid around 7K for 2 units. Train quoted me 18K. Royal installed the units and in 5 years, I saved over 7K just on my summer power bill.I have the units serviced every other year. I have had no problems and I love to brag in August that my July power bill is only $189.00 and others in the same type of home or smaller are paying $300.00 to $500.00. I try to tell other's that it really will pay for it self. I did cut my power bill in 1/2. I HIGHLY RECOMEND! ROYAL!
5	You get the coupons in the mail saying " A/C service for $69.00-$99.00? or 20% off any service of your A/C and Heating? Sounds good until they come out and do an inspection and find a problem. Well I paid a company one of those deals, $99.00 to check out my A/C and heaters. Everything is fine on my A/C units (I had was not surprised, I have the best installed by Royal.) But I was concerned about my heating units, There 15 years old and needed to be checked. I was informed that I will need new capacitors, one for each unit, to be replaced soon or it might burn out the motor. I said OK, but found out it is not covered on the deal. It was extra. I was thinking, OK, a capacitor would only cost maybe $25.00 -$50.00 with there mark up, and maybe 1/2 hour of service charge that really only would take the tech 10 to 15 minutes to change 2.  I was quoted $400.00 for both, parts included. I said no thanks. Then thanks to Yelp, I remembered Royal. I asked them how much a capacitor cost. They told me around $15.00 to $35.00 and the service call is $69.00 (customer loyalty price) and if the "said capacitors" do need replacing I'm looking around $125.00 total, for both units. Not each one but both. Royal will accept any competition coupon too, so if you find a deal in the mail, call Royal. I was a fool not to call them in the first place.
5	Shocker! Turns out that I did not have to replace the two capacitors, only paid for the service call.  RRAC&H There the best.  Thanks Royal.
