2	I love this place Except they need Real plates! Fried eggs off of styrofoam just doesn't get er done. Bring cash as plastic is a no go...
2	This is a really basic place with a fairly large menu.  They serve breakfast, burgers and sandwiches, and I think most people could find something to eat on the menu.  I ordered the cheese steak and it was very good. And just so cheesesteak purists know, it came with your choice of cheese (rather than cheese whiz), with peppers, onions, and mushrooms, on a crusty sandwich bun.  Our waitress was exceptonally rude. I actually thought it was quite fun. One of the people I was with asked for mayonaisse and she threw the packets onto the table, scattering them all over my place.  She also discouraged questions about the menu, and I thought she was going to lose it at one point, though there was only one other table during lunch time on a Friday. They have a lunch special that offers your choice of an entree with a drink and fries for $6.00.  I asked for no fries, so the waitress charged me $0.50 extra, presumably since it wasn't *really* the special.  Instead of questioning the logic behind this, I took the $0.50 out of her tip. At the end of our meal, the cook (and maybe the owner?) came over to say hello and to thank us for coming in, which was nice of him, though he kept looking down my shirt.  So maybe it wasn't so nice of him. Another plus is that they serve both Coke and Pepsi products.  There really is something for everyone here, and I'd probably go again for breakfast. In a turtle neck. And only if I was in a decent mood.
3	When it comes to Cherries Diner, in my opinion, there is some good and there is some bad.The good: Breakfast all day.  The menu (including breakfast and lunch options) is pretty impressive for such a small place.  I ordered the egg sandwich which was prepared like a grilled cheese sandwich - buttered and grilled on both sides as opposed to just the egg, cheese and meat put in a bagel or two pieces of toast.  It made for a pretty tasty sandwich.The bad:  Service was a bit lacking.  Not that I really needed a whole lot other than my food, but still.  It would have been nice if someone had just asked if I needed anything shortly after I got my food.  However, they charge for water.  Sure, it's only 25 cents, but when you're charging me over $8 for a simple egg sandwich and fries, I don't see how they justify charging for water.  You better believe that I took that styrofoam cup filled with ice with me.  I paid for it, after all.  I've noted that others mentioned Cherries does not take credit cards.  Well that is no longer the case.  I didn't have a bad overall experience there and I certainly struggled between 2 or 3 stars.  But the bottom line is I really enjoyed the sandwich, and that outweighed the bad in my opinion.
1	Ate there with wife, 2 sons and friends and about 1.5 hours later our 2.5 year old son, who had pancakes complained of a hurting belly.  About 10 minutes later he vomited up his pancakes.  We asked a friend who also had the pancakes and found out she was ill as well.  Called Cherries and after speaking with 3 people got nowhere.  10 minutes later a fourth person from Cherries called and after explaining again what was going on was yelled at for not telling them sooner.  Do not eat there.
2	Cherries has the potential to be a decent diner in Market Square, but they don't quite deliver. I stopped here for a late breakfast and grabbed a stool at the counter. The place was packed, which isn't saying much when the max capacity is like 30.Anyway, it took awhile to order, even just to get a cup of coffee. It seemed like they had enough staff, but what they were all doing, I'm not sure. So I finally got my over-easy eggs (yolks already broken), bacon (crunch, crunch) and potatoes (eh). Oh, the toast was good. I was so hungry, I didn't even care at that point.So, I finished the meal and waited, waited, waited for my check. Thankfully, it was fairly inexpensive. I was happy to pay and leave quickly to find a real cup of coffee somewhere else.
3	It should be noted that they do take credit cards now.Cherries is a no-frills diner. The staff are very... Pittsburghese. Polite but not overly cheery. The decor and layout are simply done. There's a TV in the corner of the restaurant. In short, Cherries doesn't try to be anything fancy and it succeeds at its simplicity.I come in here for breakfast from time to time and it doesn't disappoint nor hugely impress. Good omelettes, lots of bacons. Sometimes I get a pancake. And you can get pretty much what you want for under $10.
2	Do better.
3	I came hungry and left full.  My wife and I both ordered omelettes and they were decent sized and tasted good.  They sell bottles of OJ and pop, and the service was good.  They kept my coffee full and fresh.  Small place, but not bad for breakfast.
4	I am not so sure where all this negativity is coming from for this place.  I'm in love with it.  It's gritty, it's cramped, it's greasy and it's everything I imagine a diner to be when placed in a downtown area.  In fact, I think that's what gives this place it's charm.When you think diner, you picture one that they depict in movies or television shows.  One where the wait staff is quick with their wit, maybe a bit sarcastic too.  One where you want to smell the grease from the cooking in the back.  And even though Cherries doesn't have the typical diner look on the inside, it has a very unique look to define itself.When I walked in here, it was after the morning rush.  It was dieing down inside and it made for pretty quick service for me.  The waitress I got greeted me with a 'I'm late for my cigarette break' look, and a voice to match.  The order was sent to the back and I paid promptly after wards and just sat at the counter and waited.  While I waited, I thought the price I paid was a bit steep for the item I ordered.  I had ordered a breakfast sandwich and nothing more.  What I got was one huge honking sandwich.  It's was the equivalent of two or three breakfast sandwiches at any other place in the area.  When I pulled the sandwich out of the bag and it was wrapped in it's aluminum foil glory.  I truly did feel like I was on a movie set diner.  The toast was perfectly toasted.  The eggs were cooked to griddle perfection and the sausage patty was by far one of the best I have ever had.It should be noted, that like most small eateries and restaurants in the downtown area, they have a 3 o'clock closing time.  So you do need to be in the downtown area fairly early to enjoy this place.  Credit cards are accepted.And this, my friends, makes my 400th review!
4	There don't seem to be a lot of places to get breakfast in downtown Pittsburgh. It was nice to stumble on diner-esque Cherries. Big, cheap breakfast. Typical diner waitress friendliness with a proper "don't give me crap" attitude. They mixed up our egg order. The sausage is a bit salty (maybe it's a regional thing). All 'n' all, a welcome find.
1	An awesome place to burn an entire Saturday morning. The place is tiny, yet the staff has a tough time getting food to your table in under an hour. The French toast had an overwhelming taste of onions as it was most likely cooked on or next to the gyro on the next table. The English muffins are flown in upon order from England...that is, I assume such since it didn't make its appearance until I was paying the check. The soup was blah...I never really got to taste it because it defied the 2nd law of thermodynamics as it never chilled.Anyone who is familiar with logistics will sure to suffer a major anxiety and/or panic attack. The disorganization is beyond anything seen since computers were invented.
3	We were fortunate to be able to grab a table for 5 of us for breakfast on a Saturday morning.  We opted to try something with cherries on it (pancake with cherries) but really, there wasn't anything particularly special about the cherries.  It just taked like the cherry pie preserves from a jar.Otherwise, food was just fine.  Sausage links were odd in the sense that they were skinny.  A decently priced ($6-7 per meal) breakfast option in downtown Pittsburgh.
3	It's a classic diner and doesn't pretend to be anything else.  Breakfast places seem to hard to find these days.  Scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, and tea were served as ordered for $6.  If you want to pay three times as much for the same meal, visit one of the local hotels!
2	Good basic breakfast diner.  No thrills. Eggs and meats all overdone unless you ask otherwise. No butter.
4	The food was good and very inexpensive. I had the kitchen sink omelette with coffee for less than $9. The waitress was attentive but a little surly.  I could hear her constantly complaining about  life.
4	Seems like one of the only spots to grab breakfast downtown aside from a chain. Good egg/meat platters (home fries were bomb!!) and awesome pancakes. No frills, no complaints, good value.
