1	The customer service at the Avondale location is terrible!Lets start with the Vet. We brought our puppies in for their shots and the vet was so rude! She question why we got two puppies, where we got them and why didn't they have their shots? Then she preceded to lecture us on what a big responsibility it is to take care of one dog let alone two and that she doesn't know how we are going to potty train two dogs. My husband and I are not stupid, we have grown up with dogs which our parents still have to this day, we know what it takes to take care of a dog. Now lets talk about the receptionist. We had to listen to her life story while taking forever to get our payment and give us the next appt.We got a call when getting ready to head out for the next appt. telling us that they scheduled wrong and that they couldn't see us at our appt and to reschedule. This happened to us three times. After the third time we decided it was time to find a new vet.
5	Ive been bringing my dog here for about 2 years now and love this pet hospital located inside PetSmart.  The staff is ALWAYS great and accommodating and seem genuinely concerned about my pets health.   I've never had to wait long if I had an appointment either. Stop paying private vets thousands of dollars for stitches or x-rays when Petsmart Banfield hospital does the same thing for about $40/mo on their Pet insurance plan.To my experience, private vets always seem more interested in finding out how I could pay and how much, rather than helping my pet and it's almost never less than $300 / visit!  Regardless of the treatment or problem...  Ridiculous!Believe me when I say it is well worth the money!  My brother and his wife were spending thousands of dollars, several times a year on outrageous and unscrupulous vet bills until they switched their 3 dogs and 5 cats to Banfield.  One monthly fee and it covers almost everything. Ive also had my dog in for grooming and nail trimming at the doggie spa in this location and they're fantastic as well!  Clean facilities and well managed staff.Thank you Banfield for taking the bite out of my pets healthcare.Lastly, as far as some of the bad reviews of this Banfield pet hospital by other Yelp! patrons, I doubt they are legit or are not written by a sly competitor.  Come see for yourself before you deny you or your pet a fair deal.  Other than ONE longer than anticipated wait for an appointment I SHOWED UP LATE FOR, I have never been treated rudely or seen any incompetence by staff or doctors whatsoever.
2	Let me start by saying, I have the wellness plan with Banfield and I absolutely LOVE our home location in California. I am traveling back to Arizona to visit family and my puppy needed his medication and to finally get his rabies shot. He has had worms in the past but that was 2 months ago and he has not been receiving any more medication for it. Before I know what's going on the nurse gave him a de-wormer, she checked his temp and then just shoved something up his rectum without asking or explaining. She did not lubricate it and my puppy screamed. I was so angry. My puppy has a history of allergies and since we were afraid he would react to his rabies vaccination, they gave him a shot of Benadryl. While waiting for the shot to kick in, I could clearly see that there was an animal being operated on in an open room with tons of people walking around. Definitely not a sterile environment and I would not recommend bringing a pet here for surgery. It also seemed like they were trying to pressure me into scheduling his neuter procedure for this location and I didn't like that. I do plan on neutering him, I just want to do it when I want to and when I can afford it. Like I said, I adore Banfield and how they work but I won't be bringing my puppy back to this location. We will stick with his normal location back in California. I will make sure my puppy goes to the vet before traveling.
1	Smug crooks!!!!! I recently acquired a 3 month old puppy who was enrolled in the Wellness Plan at the local Banfield pet hospital. I was asked by the previous owner who was unable to keep the puppy due to personal reasons if I would take over the payments on the plan and continue the puppy's care with Banfield. Being relatively new to the area and knowing nothing about Banfield I was ok with that and agreed to do so. Heres where my troubles began. I went to the local Banfield to switch the account into my name and make payments on the account and guess what.....yep, you guessed it, they dont transfer accounts between owners and even tho I had the puppy whom theyre familiar with in tow, "there was nothing they could do for me!" Beings as the previous owner is currently living out of state I had to call him to call them only to find out that I was going to be responsible for $305 worth of cancellation fees and "services rendered" on a puppy who has seen a vet once! Apparently the entire year of care was only $400 so the next 9 months were practically free but they couldn't pass those savings on to me or offer me a credit or anything so I was forced to pay the three hundred dollars simply to cancel the plan. Furthernore when I called and explained my situation quite simply the customer service agent couldnt have cared less! When I told him that I'd looked into their company on Yelp and the reviews werent too good he basically told me that he doesn't give a *hit about Yelp or what users on Yelp have to say, he was very cold and smug and uncaring, so Felix, heres your Yelp review!! I will be having shot records transferred to another local vet, Quite frankly Ive never been treated so coldly by someone in the animal care business and Im relieved to be walking away although I must say I do feel like Ive been robbed and Id have much rather spent that money on actual care for my new pet!!! GOOD RIDDANCE!!!!
