1	I went to the location they have in Central Phoenix, as a court ordered referral for some trouble I had gotten into several months ago and truthfully this place is a joke. Hands down they could care less about the individual and are only interested in the mighty dollar, I would suggest that the state revokes the doctor's that work here license for the fact that their code of ethics are garbage. You truly are a number here. I would not suggest that anyone ever tries this place out. Go somewhere else...seriously!!! The only person in this whole place who was friendly was the receptionist.  I would give this place negative 1000 stars and pray that it gets struck by lightning it sucks so bad. I went back to the courts for another referral this place was so bad. I would rather sit in front of the judge in the central court system and deal with a wonderful additional date in court then be forced to participate in any out patient program this business has to offer, which I did so I could go some where else.  I would rather have hot metal spikes shoved in my urinary tract then go to this place. I hope this convinces you how much this place sucks.
1	I was seeking a place that I could go to strengthen my marriage and was given a referral. The classes are group sessions and of the 2 hour block that you attend there is about 20 mins of content.If you approach the instructor at the end of the class in a sincere matter you are quickly brushed off as the instructor seems to be trying to escape as if they know they place is about to be bombed.
1	If you can go to any other place, do it.I had a DUI and was required to attend some sort of classes. I actually thought that perhaps counseling would be good for me because at the time (I was 21) I was abusing alcohol terribly, unfortunately help was not to be had here.PROS:I had a meth addict and a heroin addict in my 20+ person class which reminded me I never wanted to ever get mixed up in that stuffCONS:- The more information you gave them (this private for profit company) the longer your counseling sentence was I was required to have 65 hours stretched out, once a week so almost a full year (so if this is court ordered don't be honest - minimize everything)- You can never miss a single class, or change when your class takes place or you have to restart- They can change your class / time if they choose- They give you these little receipts to prove you attended but they stress these receipts aren't proof that you are actually there (I guess it's to prove you paid?) this process also takes about 10-15 minutes- After successfully completing my classes (which were of very little value), I received a call from them saying I would have to restart because I missed a class July 4th. I explained this was impossible and that i had attended ever single one. They said their records indicated that I was incarcerated at this point and couldn't come - which was also not true. I explained to them it was July 4th a public holiday and they didn't have a class that day. The lady said that she couldn't verify that, I asked her to please reference a calendar and she said she didn't have one. Four more phone calls back and forth and they finally called both of the people who conducted my classes (they switched my schedule halfway through for some reason I am unaware of) and luckily they were able to verify that I had attended all of them.So nearly$1,000 of money 65 hours of sitting in a room of 20+ people, with most of the time used by a person high on meth and a homeless heroin addict, gained me probably an hours worth of knowledge total I could have easily obtained in a high school health class or 30 minutes on Wikipedia.
