5	It is a small place but offers QUALITY service.  Extremely nice people working there and very helpful.  I will return there when I need the type of boots, pants and equipment I need.
5	Outstanding value, speed, quality alteration work. They have twice rescued me in a uniform emergency. The first time they provided same day alteration, including sewing on the trouser leg braid, in time for me to fly out of town with the new uniform. They then fixed the botched tailoring from another shop that caused me to seek same day help.  Today, they again came through with military uniform alteration while I waited. My Velcro-backed name tapes were all lost in the theft of a bag at an airport and I needed new ones on the one day back in town before traveling with replacement uniforms. They did the job right in a few minutes while I waited.
1	II would not recommend this place for active or any military member currently serving.  First,  I dropped off my dress blues uniform on a Wednesday afternoon.  The employee working there stated the uniform would be ready the following Thursday.  However,  after hearing that I needed my uniform before,  due to taking my DA photo on the following Thursday morning, he said he could have them ready by Tuesday. Hearing this I left my uniform there.  The following Monday I called John's alterations to see the status on my uniform.  The gentleman that answered informs me that they have not gotten around to it and that it should be good by the next day as requested. I call the next day, the Tuesday,  five working days after I dropped them off, and was informed that the uniform would not be ready until Friday.  I was pissed. Being an officer in the Army Reserves and a federal law enforcement Agent I remained calm. I went to the store to retrieve my uniform.  The same desk clerk was there and he is trying to backpaddle his way out of not getting my uniform done by saying he originally said it would take over a week to be ready.  I looked at him in disbelief and said who would want their uniform after an appointment. He knew about my appointment because I stressed that when I dropped it off. Now the store is empty and I am the only customer both times. Business does not look hectic and this guy does not own up to his mistake in stating that he would have my uniform done by Tuesday.   Obviously he is unhappy and does not pay attention to details. I could only imagine how my uniform would have looked if they had done the job. I would never go back there. I went to Luke AFB and the alterations store had my uniform ready the next day. For those of u that take your uniforms there you have been warned.
4	So this place is a decent one. They do a good and speedy job. They helped me on the spot.For that I do recommend them.However if you are a service member and want to use them to sew on patches or name tapes, they do a good job BUT do yourself a favor and remove the velcro yourself. If its 3 bucks to sew on a patch or a tape, and its 2.50 to remove the velcro.. something you can do yourself under a minute by using your ka-bar/leatherman/sharpened e-tool/hang nail/scalpel/seam ripper/telepathy/edgy wit. I will definitely keep this in mind for the next time. That's all folks.
