3	Had a pretty good meal here. There's no online menu, so forgive me if I have a few ingredients wrong...Started with a kale and spinach salad with lemon vinaigrette and parmigiano, which was decent. At 6$ it's a healthy way to start your meal, although it's a bit one-note and the lemon really starts to get to you about halfway through.Moved on to a steak sammich served with tots, which again, was decent. Steak was actually (un)cooked to rare as requested. Kudos to them for that, but the meat was kinda stringy/chewy. I had to take a few slices out and cut them myself so they could be edible. Tots were real good. Probably wouldn't order again though. The real problem is that it's just kinda there. The atmosphere is just OK, you're eating in a plastic chair, there's no TV... It provides a quick meal for people at The Grand, but if you're in the area are you really skipping all of the better restaurants in the area to come here? Nope. Next time I'll test out the deli at the sports book.
3	Had the Dr. Pepper pot roast and the Cobb salad.  Both were very tasty.  The pot roast temperature was just lukewarm.  Would have expected this to come out piping hot.  Nice but small cafe.  Sit in a booth.  The middle tables have plastic hard chairs.  Prices are a little steep.  I doubt the the lunch crowd from the local businesses will frequent the place due to the prices.  $14.00 hamburger is not going to do it for the average worker downtown.
4	Visited on a Sunday afternoon with 2 friends & sat at the bar. The prices are a bargain, the food quality was amazing. I had the Eggplant Patti Melt and friend had Tuna Sliders, other friend was not eating.Will definitely go back again! Wanted to go to MOB BAR or Tripple George across the street but they were both closed at 2pm on a Sunday. Glad we discovered this place.
4	Went to lunch with some coworkers.  I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich. I really enjoyed it and I was thrilled that one of the side choices was tater tots! I will definitely be back and I am excited to try some of the other menus.  I would recommend!
1	I hate to do it, but I have to.Enter myself and two co-workers. We work close to Downtown and we stopped in at Stewart & Ogden for lunch. We were on the clock so we hoped service would be quick and there wouldn't be too many people. Luckily we came at a good time because there weren't many people there.Ordered:Ahi Tuna Sliders with Tater Tots: Grandly awful. The bread, although looking pretty was dry as a bone and tasteless. It was like cardboard. The teeny pieces of ahi tuna were so freaking salty I could barely stomach them. The slaw inside was unmemorable. The tots, while brought out warm and crispy were also REALLY SALTY. Just an overall failure of what could be a really great dish. They should take a moment and go have the Ahi Tuna Sandwich at Yard House to understand what these sliders should really taste like.Tomato Bisque (by both my co-workers): They said it was good, and the presentation was really cute with little goldfish crackers.Side of Fries: Salty. TOO SALTY.Caeser Salad with added on Chicken: The salad looked blah. My co-worker had to ask for extra dressing, because although it was mixed in, there wasn't much. The chicken was dry and she said the Romano cheese had melted under the heat of the chicken. They didn't even bother to give the chicken time to cool a bit before throwing it on her salad.Decor is odd. The yellow IKEA like chairs really throw me. They should be replaced to go with the rest of the restaurant which is like, "chic diner".The problem is in the kitchen though. Honestly I would have sent my food back had I not been limited with time and on the clock for work. The food is simply not good. I really doubt I'll be back, but I'll keep an eye on the Yelp reviews to see if they improve any.
4	Before the Las Vegas Great Santa Run, I had breakfast at Stewart + Ogden.  It wasn't busy at all and the hostess took me to a seat immediately and gave me a menu.  She came back quickly with a complimentary copy of the Review Journal for reading then or taking with me.My server came by the table quickly and asked about coffee and i soon had a hot cup of coffee on that cold morning.  It was refilled several times in the time I was there.I ordred the fried green tomato Benny--eggs Benedict made a different way.  The base is not an English muffin but two slices of green tomatoes, breaded and fried, topped with lump crab meat, and topped by two poached eggs and a remoulade sauce that had a nice zing.  The Benny was served with a small field green salad.  The breakfast was very good.  I liked having a Benedict done a different way.  The thing that got me about Stewart + Ogden was the staff.  Everyone worked together.  Although I had a server, not one person went by with a coffee pot that didn't stop to ask me if I needed a refill.  Also, the staff were all very polite and pleasant people who seemed genuinely happy to have you in their restaurant.  It was a very nice feeling.Stewart + Ogden is a little pricey--it's not your bargain breakfast, but if you're looking for something different and outstanding service, I recommend Stewart + & Ogden highly.  Oh, and their menu stating the legend of this being near where Archibald Stewart and Peter Ogden once shared a meal is probably a made up legend for the new Downtown Grand.  It sounds good, but it's unlikely!
5	Had a very great experience with our service and dinner selection, very chic room and cool vibe.  Noodle Soup and Caesar Salad was excellent.   Our party shared apps and decided to stay awhile and people watch thru the casino - which is always fun.   Service was attentive and Manager visited table checking on us periodically with refills and table touches.   We will return -  Like what we see down town -
3	I had breakfast at Stewart and Ogden two mornings in a row, in part because we were lazy, but mostly because we didn't know we had a $10 discount on the first go round, so had to come back!  This restaurant is located inside the new Downtown Grand Hotel.  It's small, but it has character.  The breakfasts are decent and reasonably priced for a hotel breakfast and the staff was friendly.The first day I had a standard eggs and bacon and toast breakfast and it was all fine.  The bacon was particularly good, but the toast was cold and you have to put your own butter on and you know how butter on cold toast works out.  Bummer.  The second day I got the lemon ricotta waffles and oddly, it was also cool, temperature wise.   Not sure what's up with not serving the food hot... could be a server issue or the kitchen, but it was disappointing.  Both had good flavor, the waffles came covered in blueberries and other berries, kind of half fresh and half sort of a compote.  A little odd, but not bad.My husband had the big breakfast with eggs, bacon, potatoes and pancakes the first day, which he enjoyed and the ranchero scramble the next day which seemed kind of small, but that he said tasted good.  He did not complain about the temperature of his food, but he'll eat anything.Overall, I'd eat here if I'm staying at the Grand, but I doubt I'd make a special trip to eat here.
3	Breakfast.....ordered the "Graveyard Shift", which consists of pancakes, 2 eggs, thick cut applewood smoked bacon, and potatoes.  The bacon was excellent, and the pancakes were above average. For $10, the "Graveyard Shift" is certainly no graveyard special, and I didn't see any bargain prices in this diner.  My OJ was $3, so I escaped with a $14+ bill, before tip.The decor hurt my eyes, and I bet it will be updated within a year or two.I'd try it again, but nothing to go out of your way for.
3	Came for dinner on Christmas. The service is spot on based on the other reviews. The waiters spend too much time in the back waiting on food, when they could be multi tasking. I have been waiting 15 mins for my credit card so I can actually leave. Food was good and I understand it is a new spot, but seriously don't plan on leaving.
2	Went here for dinner and have to say it was disappointing. The service was good. The food....not so much. Ordered meatballs and they were dry. Garlic bread was dry. The 1/2 chicken was dry and the broccoli was bitter like it had gone bad.
2	Our dinner here is best described as "under" -- undercooked, under-seasoned, and overall underwhelming. My dude put it best: everything had a real "exhausted mom" quality to it, or just slightly above TV dinner quality.Ordered:Shishito peppers - coated heavily in oil (not a good-tasting kind), under-seasoned, undercooked. They were hardly grilled or fried; a couple were barely even warm. I won't say no flavor, because there was a faint one, and it wasn't good.Chicken pot pie - Isn't encrusted like most pot pies; has two cheesy biscuits on top. And, oh yeah, they weren't cooked all the way through. Neither were the potatoes, which were nearly raw. One point in its favor: they used both white and dark meat. The chicken, thankfully, was not undercooked, and the cream sauce was fairly tasty.Pan seared trout - Not what you think it's going to be. It's two thin pieces of fish, skin on, that seem to have been more pan fried. Not super fresh. Came with red cabbage and carrots, both pretty boring (the "sweet & sour" part was evidently false advertising for the cabbage), and white rice. Had to squeeze the crap out of the lemon wedge all over the plate, as well as a fair amount of salt (I almost never salt my food at all, especially when I dine out, so that's another not-so-ringing endorsement).Side of broccolini - No red pepper flakes to be found, in spite of the menu description. Mostly tasted of lemon butter, but still not very delectable, though it was better than the shishito peppers, and not quite as undercooked.Not the most offensive meal I've ever had, but for the price, nowhere near worth it. I do not plan on coming back unless I hear they've majorly stepped up their game.Other FYIs - no beers on tap, if you care about that sort of thing, though they do have a full bar (so our waiter said), the regular suspects of bottled beers, and some wines. Despite the blah food, the waiters and hostesses are very nice. Only reason it's not getting a 1 instead of a 2.
2	Terrible service. Food was good, although the grilled cheese and potatoes were cold. Frittata was good. Grapefruit juice was way too small for the $3 price and was mediocre. Service was unbelievably slow. The waiter was bringing other peoples food and taking orders while we waited on our check for 20 minutes and other staff members were simply straightening chairs. Insanely poor prioritization by the staff that should be a simple fix. It was not busy or even full when we were here. The service completely negated the food quality.
1	I'm not even sure how to describe the interior of the restaurant; from afar it seems colorful and cool, yet up close the cheap quality shows. From the simple lightweight plastic chairs and cheap tables, to the under-designed back bar, to the cheap vinyl flooring, you can quickly observe where they tried to cut costs. And as for that back bar, walking through every space in this property you will notice that this architect must not give much thought to bars as a whole as they are seriously lacking presence. Their breakfast, lunch and dinner menus all have some similar items, but vary slightly based on the expected meals for their time of day. While some of their offerings sound great, based on both my experience and a majority of the reviews online you shouldn't expect much.Of the few burgers offered on their lunch menu, I went with the Ogden Burger: fried beefsteak tomato, avocado aioli and frisee. What came out looked like a bit of a disaster, and I'm surprised the chef allowed a bun like that to leave his kitchen; it had gaping holes, was completely dry and overly flaky. The generic pre-made and possibly frozen patty had no decent flavor, ok char, and was cooked close to the medium rare I ordered. The fried tomato was totally dry and not great at all, and there was a random unlisted piece of bacon that showed up just in the middle of my burger. The avocado aioli was nowhere to be seen on this burger, and could have helped counter some of the dryness to the bun and tomato.My fries were completely generic and not great at all; cooked well but had no decent flavor or originality to speak of. We also ordered the meatball skewers as an appetizer; the meat was far too dense, under-seasoned and not great. The roasted tomato and provolone fondue sauce wasn't good, and the garlic bread wasn't quite bread and not nearly garlicky enough. This meal just failed in every aspect. Like I said, I'm a big supporter of all things downtown, but when they're of such poor quality for the cost, I can't stand behind it. $10 for those meatball skewers is insane, and charging $15 for this burger should be illegal. If you're drunk at 3am on Fremont Street, this might be a cool atmosphere, but even heavily intoxicated I couldn't see myself willingly spending that kind of money in this restaurant again.
1	I haven't even been back yet, and I would have gone to give it another shot, since someone referring to himself as Executive Chef Charles Wilson wrote me* saying how sorry he was for my* experience and that he would like to invite me* back as his personal guest so he can show me* that they can do a much better job.* ...except that he didn't write *me.* He addressed the letter, "Good Day Erik C." Yeah... that's another reviewer. He actually gave you one star, while I gave you two. Since you've addressed me as him, I'll go ahead and make sure our scores match. You're welcome.
3	This place was a nice surprise. We were checking out the Downtown Grand, found ourselves hungry, and saw a sign advertising 50% off for locals. So we decided to check this place out. For 50% off, it was a great meal. Had it been full-price, it would've been an alright meal.The decor is cool. Kinda new age, 50s, upscale diner-esque. It's fairly small too. The service was alright. Could've been friendlier and more attentive. The menu definitely has plenty of offerings.We opted for a pub chips and cheese dip to start. The chips were perfectly done and the dip was tasty, though not crave-worthy. We then shared the New York strip with frites and spinach for an entree. The steak was actually pretty great. Certainly not like anything you'd get at a steakhouse, but quite great for a diner. And the frites and spinach were good too.All in all, I wouldn't make a special trip here. But if I was in the 'hood and hungry, I'd come here again.
5	I've gone here twice now, and both times I have really enjoyed my experience. The restaurant is very casual, and a nice stop after being downtown all night. I sat at the bar both times, and had Anthony as my bartender. He was very attentive and friendly, a few of my friends had no idea what to order so he suggested some cool drinks for them, and they were very impressed. The food was good when I ordered on my first visit, the fresh baked cookies were awesome, I did not get food the second time, but I will be back.
5	I absolutely loved this place! The decor is so eclectic and it has a lively atmosphere.  Our service was just wonderful. Our group started out with some drinks at the bar. Our bartender, Anthony, was very attentive and gave great recommendations. When we had more people join our party later that night, they accomodated us to a table directly near the bar. Anthony even let our party know that the entire casino was doing 50% off all food for residents through the month of January.  This is a great place that I would love to come back to soon.
4	My family and I went downtown to get some dessert and drinks and wandered into The Grand casino and found Stewart and Ogden.  It was a fun little 50's diner that has been modernized to fit the new casino.  We had the bread pudding and the cheese cake, both were home made, and they were very good.  My father in law opted for the banana foster sauce on the bread pudding and it was amazing!  Even though this place has a diner feel to it, the service was excellent.  Our bartender, Anthony, was very attentive.  He made us feel welcome, and when we had some extra people show up he went out of his way to make sure we were moved to a table where we had enough room.  He had done such a good job up to that point that we asked if he could still serve us even though we were at a table now, and he gladly did.  Even though he was now watching us and the bar, Anthony's service never faltered.  Aside from the desserts, he was the star of the night and the reason that my family and I will be back next time we're downtown.
4	This restaurant is a new treat in Downtown. I rarely go downtown, but had to meet at Stewart & Ogden for a business lunch. I am very impressed with the newly renovated Downtown Grand and after my experience at this restaurant, I am very pleased with the changes. The interior of the restaurant is nice, but even nicer is the staff. From our arrival, the staff was friendly and welcoming, and told us that that day they had begun a brand new menu. They said they had begun a "scratch kitchen" meaning every order was cooked from scratch. I figured this would mean the food would take a little extra time to come out, but it was fairly quick. I had the steak frites, the steak was cooked perfectly. It was very good. Overall this is worth another trip.
4	I like this place. Especially since they have half off when you present a players card and local ID. Been twice,first time I got the filet which was very very tiny. If it was full price ($31) I would have been upset. The second time I ordered the Steak Frites. Best deal there hands down. Both were cooked to perfection but the filet was a ripoff. Good food and even better service. Both times I got a short haired smoking blonde,I think her name was Kendra. She was awesome! Always on top of it! Give it a solid B on food and A+ on service!
2	Went here when the grand reopened for lunch and was really impressed so my gf and i decided to give it another try.......Menu had been changed. My gfs grilled cheese tasted like fish and despite my filet mignon being ok it wasnt worth the money i paid and i had a discount.Service sucked too despite the place being empty.
4	This place is good.  And not just "good for downtown", it's GOOD.  I rarely venture downtown & I always seem to go to the same places; but for tonight's ladies' night, we decided to try something new .. Stewart + Ogden.When we go out for dinner, we just get a bunch of apps & an entree or two & share .. so, we went for the pub cheese, tuna tataki/poke and the shishito peppers.  I don't know where to begin on these or how to choose my favorite.  I just know that if I'm ever on death row, I want that poke to be a part of my last meal .. Light, fresh & that marinade *drool*.  Anyway, I've never had those kind of peppers before & I'm lucky I got to try them since my mom hogged them all .. charred, tart, not spicy.  Finally, the cheese .. I want to work here so I can get the recipe & make it for football game gatherings. Entrees .. steak frites, fried chicken & salmon.  My friend who is a very picky meat eater said it was one of the best steaks she's had in quite some time .. seasoned & cooked perfectly, tender. The fried chicken was fantastic as well .. juicy with a nice sweetness to it. The salmon .. oh, that salmon.  It's served with a sweet red pepper sauce (no, it's not siracha) on a cold quinoa salad with mango, corn, black bean, cucumber & red onion .. light, fresh, flavorful and GLUTEN FREE!As if we hadn't had enough, we also got a few desserts .. the cheesecake is dense, yet light (how?), the warm brownie is rich (gimme a Newcastle to drink with it) & delicious, and the cinnamon roll bread (or was it sticky bun? I don't remember, I was starting to enter a food coma) pudding with bourbon sauce .. enter Homer Simpson's drool noise. All-in-all, we all thoroughly enjoyed our meal .. (I took some pictures; unfortunately, the tuna was destroyed before I remembered to take out the camera) .. and the prices are VERY reasonable.  Will definitely be back.This restaurant & hotel are going to be a good part of downtown's resurgence .. can't wait!
1	I was so excited to try this restaurant. Upon arriving to the Downtown hotel where this restaurant is located, me and my friends had just arrived into Las Vegas after a 6 hour drive we were hungry and since we were staying at the downtown hotel, and we had to wait to check in to our hotel we decided that we would go eat. We looked around the hotel to see the different restaurant options and we like the way this restaurant looked and the prices seemed very reasonable so we decided to eat here. The restaurant was not packed there were a few empty tables. There was a group next to our table of about 8 people, I saw that they had not received there food, but I did not know how long they had been there. My group of 5 placed our order with our waitress and waited and waited. For a while we did not notice how long it was taking because we were talking, our waitress came over and said sorry for the wait but the table of 8 is a really big order so it's taking longer for our order, we thanked her for letting us know. About an hour passed and our food still had not come out. We were starving and very disappointed. We had an event to attend and due to the long time they had us wait!we had to leave so that we could make our event. Over an hour and our food never came out and it was not even crazy busy? That's horrible. I stayed at the downtown hotel for the weekend and every time I walked pass this restaurant I just shook my head.  I loved the hotel and will be back there but I will never go to this restaurant.
1	Absolute worst experience here! Came for bfast and left w/o eating because the food took freaking forever to come out! We waited over 30mins and finally when I asked to speak to a mgr, that's when miraculously the food comes out? PWe were so over it, we just left. Especially since the hostess stated she would TEXT the mgr to let him know there was a problem...ru kidding me?!?!These guys need to literally check themselves before they wreck themselves because this was just all around bad!
1	We decided to get a room at the Grand so we could drink and not drive :). While here we decided to start the night off with dinner so we chose this place.  The decor is nice but the tables are more of a cafeteria look to them. We decided to split the ultimate grilled cheese and French dip.  They were both gross!  The grilled cheese was cold and only had a slice of American cheap cheese on it, the bacon was cold, and the fries came in a clump that had to be pried apart. The French dip was so gross I could only stomach one bite, because the meat smelled awful!  Yuck. Sad when the waitress told us the French dip was the best!  I will never return and the waters came with floaters
1	My friends & I stumbled upon Stewart + Ogden after the Color Run a couple of weeks ago. We had to get our parking validated at the Downtown Grand & didn't want to wait at other places nearby (Pizza Rock had a 45 minute wait, boo) because we were starving!! Besides, it looked like it had good potential: cute-ish decor (blue/turquoise booths & chairs with silver chandeliers), there was no wait, & as a diner/bistro there is something for everyone. I built my own omelet which includes 3 eggs and 2 items of your choice, along with house potatoes. Any additional items are $0.80 each. I decided on spinach, mushrooms, sausage & swiss cheese. It was smaller than expected, but okay - I mean, you can't really mess up an omelet, right? Now - about everyone else's food: - Ogden burger (tomato, bacon, aioli, onions) with a side of fries: the waitress put the plate down & then asked if there was bacon on the burger. There was not, so she said she would come back with it. .. um, okay? - French Dip sandwich with a side of fries: my friend totally did not eat the bottom parts of her sandwich because the au jus was spilled all over her plate & made them super soggy. It looked like her sandwich was swimming in it. - Saimin: this is a noodle dish with char siu pork, spam & egg that my friend liked. The huge bowl this noodle soup was in came on top of a plate - which had a layer of soup on it. I was so confused!! Obviously, they acknowledged all of the things that were wrong: missing bacon, au jus spilled on the plate, & to be careful with the bowl & plate of saimin but still sent these dishes out. It was pretty sloppy service. Lastly.. PAYMENT. What a headache!! Usually with groups, the group or the server will ask for separate checks. We missed the waitress asking us that in the beginning, but thought that letting her know what amounts to put on each card would be okay, but it seemed like she got upset & reiterated that she asked us if we wanted separate checks in the beginning. She then said she would have to separate the checks to take payment and it would take a few minutes. It took over 30 minutes. Yes, we felt bad that she had to separate the checks but we all tipped her because of that. With all the other places you can eat in DTLV now, I kind of wished we sucked it up & waited to eat somewhere else.
4	Went here for breakfast with a group of lady friends. Really intriguing menu if I wasn't vegan, I'd really have tried the carrot cake pancakes. One of my friends did order the red velvet pancakes & said they were very good. The spinach frittata was a hit with two of the ladies- especially the ricotta? That looked like a scoop of butter. The breakfast potatoes were very good but I was amazed at fresh squeezed juice for $3 with free refills! I will admit I wasn't fond of the really green cucumber juice (a bit bitter, maybe too much peel for that green color since flesh is so lightly colored? Bummer that my friend ordered the last watermelon juice they had available. The grapefruit & orange were very good though. Server said they also have carrot & lime which I didn't see listed on menu. We were seated on time, though not early even though I had called days earlier for a reservation. That was not an enjoyable call- they don't have a direct line and the person who answered the phone could not hear me because of all the noise on their end & kept making me repeat myself as she was trying to make a breakfast reservation at 10pm, luckily after 5 minutes she handed the phone to someone else who resolved everything quickly & easily. Our server was funny & attentive and had no problem giving us separate checks even though we forgot to ask that in the beginning. We were lucky enough to be in a separate area from the main dining under our very own beautiful chandelier which I would have loved to take home with me. I'd have given them 10stars if I could have that chandelier & forgiven the exasperation from the initial person trying to take the reservation. I will go back in the summer so I can get some of that watermelon juice - can't beat that price, except to make it myself.
3	The Stewart & Ogden is a quaint place to eat inside the New and Impressing Downtown Grand.  It's just off the casino floor.. look for the blue chairs.. The design is unique and blends old and new together to create this inviting place to grab a bite to eat. I was seated promptly and was able to get a comfortable booth. My only major complaint was how long i had to wait for the waitress to attend to me or to take a drink order.  I think the hostess noticed my discomfort as she came over to me and asked if she could get me something. After i was served the waitress arrived and everything was perfect from there. I had the Steak Frites.. DELICIOUS! This small steak, and fries, with Blue Cheese Salad was exactly what I wanted for lunch!  Very impressed with the flavor. I ordered a Cosmopolitan, it came out promptly and was filled to the brim.  Tasted very good! Kudos to the bartender. This place probably deserves 4 starts, however considering my wait time they will get 3. I intend to return one day thats for sure!
4	I think this restaurant just opened and they're trying to get things together. The wait staff is fantastic, always attentive. I went for breakfast and there were no complaints. I tried the fried chicken for lunch; the brine and batter were overly sweet, with the whole thing tasting like candy. I would definitely go back, especially when staying at the Downtown Grand.
4	Pretty good.  I was staying at The Grand and was craving junk food at 10pm.  I ordered tater tots and bread pudding take out as a late night snack.  The tater tots were good, a huge portion big enough for two people.  The bread pudding was good but it is over rated from the other reviews on yelp.  The custard part of the pudding soaked to the bottom part of the bread, making it a bit soggy and the top of the bread pudding a little hard.  The bread pudding wasn't bad but it could have been so much better if the consistency wasn't so varied.  The ice cream was actually pretty good, vanilla bean, good flavor. I would definitely go back to this place next time I'm in town for a real meal rather than a late night pig out session.
4	This restaurant located inside the Downtown Grand , has a very friendly waitstaff..I was greeted immediately and seated...very shortly my order was taken, and just a little later my salad followed by an order of "Half Baked Chicken with mashed potatoes and Broccoli" was brought to the table...The chicken was delicious..as was everything else...When I return, I plan on stopping by this restaurant once again.....
3	So I decided to give this place another chance because I was givin a $10 off coupon from the hotel. I decide to sit at the bar since I was by myself and I just wanted to get in and out, the bar tender that was helping me his name was Brian and he was very nice and helpful. I order an mimosa $8.00 and an a create your own omelette $13 +cheese .89cent. Once again it did take a long time about 35 minutes for my food to be served to me. Once I did get my food I had to send my omelette back because it was still juicy and not completely done. Once my food was served back to me I ate it and it was ok, I wouldn't say the best but at least I actually got food this time so for that I up my stars to 3 starts instead of one.
3	Since my last review, the menu has expanded and the decor has had a much needed upgrade. Well done! With the new additions there were still some execution issues (tuna sliders cooked all the way through. yeeek.), but overall it was a way better dining experience than in my previous visit. Managers were on hand and quick to fix the problem with our lunch.... poorly made food was off of the bill and cinnamon roll waffles were on the house in a matter of minutes. Not bad.Looking forward to my next visit to try more of the new menu, which is way more than I can say about my last visit :)   .5 star upgrade
3	I had read In the R-J that in April ticket holders to Sunday shows at the Smith Center would be charged 1/2 price so I changed plans, sorry Fat Choy, and headed downtown.   I was mildly surprised to discover it was a coffee shop with chandeliers and a bar.  Since we had already enjoyed OJ in the room, we only ordered entrees from the breakfast menu plus a coffee for my wife.  Her stomach was doing the shimmy shimmy shake so she went conservative by requesting blueberry pancakes that were loaded with blueberries but otherwise pretty ordinary.  My stomach was just empty so I ordered Hawaiian French toast - coconut and pina colada crusted brioche with berry compote and a fancy, almost maple syrup.  The French toast was good, but not nearly as good as the description would imply.  Menu prices struck me as being on the high side, chandeliers or not, for a downtown coffee shop.  Service was very professional.
3	I am giving my first three, and I am reluctant but sticking with it. I love the decor here, the booths are comfy and everything was clean. The hostess was exceptionally friendly, made eye contact, and made the short trip to our table a very pleasant one. My expectation was high going in, plus I have had a late supper snack here before so I knew the kitchen was capable. Our server was a bit frazzled and almost messy looking, and he gave us a name not matching his nametag. He took our drink order, asked if we had any questions about the menu, and took off quick. A runner brought us water pretty quickly, and then our server returned to take our order. Future husband went with steak and eggs, medium rare and over medium eggs, extra side of toast. I ordered the salmon benedict. Drinks (watermelon and orange juices) arrived with no flair. Server popped back over to let us know our food was in and would be just a couple minutes. Twenty minutes later, our food arrives: mine was beautiful and tasty, but cold. Man's steak is medium well and super tiny. Juice glass is sitting empty, though menu bragged of free refills. Server checks in about 5 minutes in, I ask for a refill on my watermelon juice and Man asks for hot and steak sauces (which should have been automatically delivered or at least offered previously). Runner brings hot and steak sauces, no juice. Server arrives without juice, but with apologies for serving my first glass as the last glass of watermelon in the outlet. I order an OJ to substitute, which arrives as we are finishing, so I ask for it to go and our check as well.I had asked for the check-in special offered here upon being sat, and was told that it would be put on our table right then so it wasn't missed. It was missed indeed, so another five minutes later I get our final check. The price was right, and the discount plus a buck made up for the tip (20% out of obligation to service industry, really).We will not return for breakfast. Man said the only good parts were the OJ and the company.
4	A good friend and I took the time to reconnect and catch up for lunch. Working downtown gives us the luxury to choose from an array of restaurants and eateries. Working downtown for a while means I've had the opportunity to visit a lot of places, however, I've never been to Stewart & Ogden. My friend said this place was awesome and we should try it. Aside from the OK reviews on Yelp, I wanted to check this place out for myself.When I approached this joint, the first thing I thought of was luxury. At first glance, this place looked like a regal diner, with very prominent focal points around. One of the first things you'll notice is the checkered floors, the old century type chandeliers and aesthetically designed ceilings. Booths and table tops accented with sky blue gives the pop of color while also helping to build the luxury look. When it came to the service, it was more casual than the look. Our server's name was Tey. He was accommodating and did start a little bit of conversation with us. What I liked about him was that he did give us our space during our meal. Thumbs up for him.For lunch I decided to get the Ogden Burger for $10. I wanted something filling and the name obviously attracted me as well. This burger is cooked to your temperature, topped with grilled tomatoes, bacon, shallot aioli and fried onions. The burger was definitely the star of the show. It was cooked at the medium rare temperature I requested and SUPER flavorful. It was perfect seasoned and really made the burger that much better. I also loved that they included thick cut bacon. The saltiness of the bacon also enhanced the flavor. To me though, the aioli and tomatoes got lost in the mix, didn't even notice the tomatoes until the end. Overall, it was a great burger and packed with deliciousness. For my side, I chose the tater tots and glad I did! Another great hit, super crispy, not too oily and one things for sure: the chefs know how to season their food!I've been raving about my seasoned burger since I visited this place. That can only mean one thing: I'm definitely coming back again soon! They serve breakfast as well, so that a good excuse enough to return. I'm glad that I didn't follow the overall Yelp rating. I thought is was a little better than just OK.  If you're in the area, come down and check them out!
4	Good is pretty good, had the eggs Benedict and it was awesome! Great drinks and nice servers!
4	This restaurant is right near my office and it is delicious. We have always gone at lunch. I highly recommend their chicken fingers and their cinnamon roll waffle. The staff is super attentive and very nice and the chef even sent out some things for us to try on the house! The only reason why i give it 4 stars is that i wish they had a more extensive menu. It's kind of limited. But everything I have eaten there has been great. Also the decor is really nice and subdued.
3	good food, fairly reasonable price and great service. I loved this place very nice!
5	Damnnnnn ! I love these Downtown Prices !!!!  Here is the scoop, fresh watermelon juice and carrot juice a must try ! ALL FRESH - ICE COLD S&O Famous Fried Chicken is a must have - must try Short Rib is the Best I've ever had - I dreamt about it the next night and will be back - That's all my wife could talk about.  The kind where you find yourself asking for bread to clean the plate - Butter Scotch Pudding is worth just coming over for - My friends wouldn't  share the Key Lime Pie Server was Kendra - amazingly attentive and very accommodating - Than you we will be back.
5	Wow! I was blown away by this place. From the outside it looks like a cutesy diner, however the quality of the food is superior to most celebrity restaurants on the strip! I arrived with my family of five around 6pm and was quickly seated in a comfortable booth. I loved all the different menu options. We started with the pub cheese, tuna poke and calamari. All were incredible and the price was so reasonable. I ordered the seabass, husband ordered the short ribs and the kids had the Ogden burger and Fried chicken. All dishes were incredible! We were all moaning and then passed them around so everyone could get a bite. For dessert we had a difficult time deciding on dessert so we ordered key lime pie, butterscotch pudding, chocolate lava cake and carrot cake. I think the desserts may have even topped the meal. You cant go wrong ordering any of these or all. I cannot wait till our next evening downtown because we are going to become regulars here.
5	Just ate here for the second time in two days! Sure, we're staying here but there are a ton of food places within walking distance but we were blown away by the food and the hospitality!  Our waitress was Kendra and she was so nice that it made the experience even greater!  First visit I had the Triple Decker (Club) and it blew me away!  You can get "tots" (tater tots) which are fantastic and not even the slightest bit greasy! Today I had the fried chicken which again, blew me away! Unfortunately a couple at another table felt reason to raise a big stink about a change to the menu and really made a scene but it was no ones fault, and seeing the way Kendra dealt with it in such a professional way also impressed us,  We thanked her for her hospitality and told her we hope to see her again on our next visit from California!  I have not one negative thing to say about this place, by the way, I AM STUFFED!  Thanks to all who work there and a special thanks to Kendra!
5	You might just walk by and not even notice this place. We almost did. We sat at the little bar counter in the back. The menu is great, the service is stellar, the food' AWESOME' This place is the BEST. So if your hungry, want great food & service. This is your best bet' 100% payout
4	Luck be a lady tonight. The old Lady Luck is gone, in its place is the New Downtown Grand. As I was taking a stroll through out the hotel I came across this cool looking diner. It has this old Hollywood kind of vibe. I almost can see Cagney & Bogart hanging out talking about their next film shoot.   Back to the diner, it's a 24hr place. This helps when it's 3am and needing that late night/early morning bite to eat. Service is laid back and well attentive. I grabbed a club sandwich, keeping it simple and why not it's made with Boars head products. That's top of the line people. Look it's not your super star studded place on the strip. This diner has a style all it's own. Swing by and give it a try. I'm sure I'll pay it a visit again when I'm in the  downtown area.
1	Had to wait 20 minutes for a seat even though place was 3/4 empty...took forever to get our food after we ordered. Then it got there cold. Pancakes like hockey pucks, bacon so burnt it disintegrated in my mouth. Took waitress 10 min to come back with syrup and another 10 with butter...never again, even if they were giving it away! Barf!
4	Not a bad little diner... Open 24/7 even though Yelp says they close at 1am. Had their calamari and was impressed with the quality and how much you get for the price.  Service is just OK and the atmosphere isn't anything special.  I would come here again but probably wouldn't go out of my way.
1	Understaffed, extremely slow service. took over an hour to get food.  server didn't care that I didn't get toast with my meal. Food was mediocre at best, I would have rather had del taco. Overpriced meal, didn't use the the $5 off coupon because we had been there too long and I didn't have the patience to wait any longer. I will never eat there again, and I strongly advise eating somewhere else in the area. Please learn from my mistake and avoid this shithole!
1	The food is WAY too salty and the service was horrible. We waited over an hour for our orders. I would understand if the place was busy but it wasn't. Beyond annoyed. All we got was soup and burgers. They had to redo the burgers because they overcooked the first batch.
3	The food here was pretty good but the service was a little off. It wasn't bad per se, but not good either. Let me start with the good. The place is cute as a button. The colour scheme, the old school charm. Really adorable. The food was good, nothing spectacular or anything, but good. The food we ordered was prepared perfectly and we ate every last bite. The problems come only from the service point of view. Our waitress was busy with a demanding table of 6 diners. That was fine. I felt sorry for her because these people were really being kind of a-holes. She finally came over the serve us and in spite of her other customers, she was smiley and friendly. However, once our order was taken, she passed the rest of our service onto her colleagues who apparently take "not my job" very seriously and constantly neglected our requests for service. It was only when she got back from her break that we were able to get our check! So, for our actual waitress, she's a 5 star, but her colleagues; -5 stars. Eesh.
4	I came in about two days ago and had a very good experience. I was first greater by the hostess named Leslie. She is so sweet and was very helpful with my questions on the menu.  She sat me in a cute comfortable booth and told me my server would be on his way. I had Esteban as a server. He was great. Very knowledgeable on the menu and had amazing suggestive skills. He recommended I order the pub cheese for an appetizer and then a ribeye for my main corse. Both were excellent. The ribeye was cooked to perfection. My compliments to the chef. As I was about to ask Esteban for the check he presented me with a dessert menu. I usually don't order dessert but since he offered it, I decided I would have a look. I broke down and ordered the cheesecake. I can't tell you how refreshing it was. If you haven't tried dessert at Steward + Ogden  you need to!! Overall my experience was A+. From the looks of the place it doesn't look like much, but once you eat here it will have you coming back for more. I'll make sure I tell all my friends about this place!!
5	Excellent food. Mac and Cheese omg ! Service was friendly and attentive . Reasonably price would definatlely come back
3	Stopped in late on a Friday night looking for a decent burger in Downtown LV. Got in just before the graveyard shift menu kicked in (1 a.m.), so we were able to score the OMG! Burgers. A pleasant surprise for Fremont Street, and well worth the $10. Topped with bacon, tomato, your choice of cheese, fried onions, and an accompaniment of French fries, it's easy to see why it garnered such recognition. A grease monster loaded with bacon and onions, reminiscent of a back home, sophisticated cure to the common hangover. My only complaint throughout service was...the service. At most there were four tables dining in, and the server still needed help.  Slow service, and a lack of attention to the customers was apparent. Not to mention, attempts at dry sarcastic humor by our waiter fell way short, even for these Dick's Last Resort fans. "We're all out of burger meat". Really?! A second away from walking out before he decided to let us in on the childish gag. Anyways, food was solid, the OMG! Burger was well worth it, but service and waiter attitude sucked pig uterus.
1	Absolutely horrible - from the terrible service to the awful food. This casino is really nice but definitely skip this restaurant. All four of us were disappointed with our food. I ordered the "ultimate" grilled cheese and it was pathetic. It was rock hard bread with unmelted cheese. Terrible.
4	nice in hotel restaurant.
3	Great hotel structure to park downtown nearby Freemont Street and this was the late night spot to eat after hours to validate our parking.  Waiter was polite and attended to us promptly, but he didn't refill water cups.  Had the OMG burger and tater tots.  Food was just ok, burger was cooked to medium as instructed but I've had better quality elsewhere.  Forgot to check in on yelp so didn't get to use deal, but maybe it would've been worth the cost with discount.
3	This place is a cool spot. And it says it's open 24 hours so I came in around 1am. There was no one upfront to tell me if I should seat myself or if I should wait... So I waited.  And waited. And waited.  Probably like 10 mins.  And people were inside eating. Eventually I was greeted by a server who said to me, "I'm the only one here, so bear with me". There were other guests that seemed to be bothered at the lack of presence of the wait staff. I'm sure this is just a staffing issue. And again, it was 1am. So I understand. Later, I was served and the food was good. I had their 'famous' OMG burger. Solid burger.
5	Request SPLIT CHECKS in advance or else...*Most importantly the Yelp photos of this diner do S+O no justice. I was expecting a high school cafeteria however it's quite cozy and cute! *Our party was approximately 15+ so I understand in almost all cases to seat the entire party at once but the diner was extremely empty. Maybe two small tables.*I ordered Calamai for a very reasonable $7 and it was delish! My tater tots were pretty yummy as well!**Con: Our server did not even consider splitting our checks at the end of dinner stating, when the reservation was made there was NO mention of split bill request?! In my personal opinion in a diner as empty as this one was on a Saturday Night 8/9/14 at 9pm how could splitting a check for majority couples be that much of an inconvenience?! I did not nor will I ever understand why an establishment could be so unreasonable. ***********I'm a practical person and my overall service and small food choices are the reason for my rating however I would recommend management INCLUDE the option of SPLIT CHECKS in each employees dialogue in the future to alleviate minor discrepancies such as this!*************
2	Ate here last week. I had heard good things so thought we would give it a try. Was less than impressed. We were sat at a both near the kitchen entrance and it felt like there was a constant parade of servers and bus boys going by. Very distracting. We ordered a ham and cheese omelette and chicken and waffles. The omelette had one small, thin slice of cheese melted on top. It was overcooked too. For $11.49  I would expect a more generous helping of cheese. Not one measly slice. The chicken on the chicken and waffles was good but the waffles were very dry. My second cup of coffee was poured from a carafe and when I tasted it, it was cold. I had to flag down the server and ask for a replacement. The diner is not busy, has nice decor but is pricy for what you get. For what I was charged I would expect more generous portions of higher quality made with better care. I can go to any coffee shop and get the mediocre fare I was served for less cost. All in all its a nice place with potential. Hope they can fix the problems they are having.
4	My husband and I hung out at the Downtown Grand quite a bit on our last trip to Vegas. I was checking out the menu here, and was sold at the butterscotch pudding. The service was fantastic - really friendly and attentive. The food was really good as well. We had the pub cheese, French onion soup, fish & chips and butterscotch pudding. I highly recommend the pub cheese & pudding. The fresh-baked chips served with the warm cheese dip were amazing, and we even got a refill on the chips to finish off our dip. And it's not everyday you see homemade butterscotch pudding on the menu. It might not be at the very top of my list, but I would eat here again for sure.
4	We were staying at the Downtown Grand, and if you have a players card you get $3 Cheeseburgers at this place (normally it's a good $10+ more). Not sure if the $3 deal was a long standing special or just for the month of August...but of course we had to try it. Especially when you're just tired of walking around and you just want to eat in your own hotel. The restaurant itself is cute, modern and clean. The regular prices are bit up there, but I see what they're trying to accomplish in this place. It's suppose to be a more upscale "bistro" type setting, but it really is kind of odd to me because its the Flagship (and ONLY) restaurant of the casino open at all hours. They really need a quick and cheaper options for food in the casino, IMO. They did add a $9.99 prime rib dinner which looked really good and huge. Which is smart to do because when in downtown LV, you cannot pretend to be a Bellagio and price your food that way, I don't care how new your casino is. You have to know who the clientele is. But on that note, the clientele at the Downtown grand were pretty much like me...we got money to spend but come on! Give me a $3 burger special! =) At any rate. Service was really good, it's a nice sit down experience. The restaurant was not terribly busy at 7pm on Weds night.  Our burgers were good (juicy, generous with all the fixings) and we ordered a side of tater tots and Cesar salad as well. All was good and tasty.  I really liked my Cesar. If you're staying at the hotel, this is a safe bet to try if you don't want to go anywhere else. Definitely get a players card so you can get the deals.  Would I come out of my way to just eat here? Not sure I would as it's Vegas, there's so many other ways and places to spend your money but if I'm in the area, sure. I'd give them another go.
4	They changed the menu and it is better than before.   They have a special running for burgers/hot dogs etc if you get the players hard.  $3 cheeseburgers and $3 pretzels, etc.   Overall, I think the food is good.   It is just not amazing.   If you like tator tots, get them.  They are delicious.
2	This place just cannot get it together.I have tried every one of the many reinventions this place has undergone in their very short existence and every time it is just a mess. From that time the sloppy, unprofessional, and consistently confused waitress dropped an entire tray of drinks on our table, to the time the greasy pervy dude waiter spent the whole length of our visit creepily hitting on one of my co-workers, this place continued to disappoint.   My latest adventure with them was no less frustrating and I guess I only have myself to blame. Lately I had been hearing some good things about the newest menu, specifically the new Chinese food section, and I made the foolish decision to give S+O another try. That was my first mistake   A few friends and I walked over on our lunch break to get some carry-out to take back to a meeting. We browsed the new menu (it's looked promising!), placed our order at the bar, and waited a reasonable 15 minutes. We hadn't ordered anything special or complicated (no "extra this", "none of that", etc.) and as such just did a quick count of the boxes to make sure that we had the correct number of items.  That was my second mistake. I should have known based on past experience that this place was a mess; I should have checked inside the boxes.We walked back to work and proceeded to unpack the order only to find that one of the large Styrofoam boxes inside did not contain the dumplings it should have. What was inside you ask? Was it something that could be conceived as an honest mistake? Steamed buns instead of dumplings perhaps? Nope. 2 pieces of toast...I am not sure which of the non-breakfast items we ordered they thought the toast would complement, but whatever the thought process, they were wrong. Now at this point I was annoyed, but I hadn't yet lapsed into full black-out rage yet... That came later.After splitting one of the other orders amongst ourselves (the food was pretty okay actually) I tried to call the restaurant to see if we could just have the price of the dumplings refunded to the credit card. After 3 attempts to get through (for some reason the operator at the Grand really thinks "Stewart and Ogden" sounds like "reception desk") we finally got through to the restaurant only to listen to the spacey hostess repeat a confused "Hello?" into the phone about 6 times before she hung up on me.A few more misses from the hotel operator later and I was able to get through again. I told the hostess that I had called a few minutes prior and was hung up on, she giggled and said "Yeah, our phones are old"...Not the "sorry ma'am" I was hoping for but c'est la vie.  I explained what had happened (DumplingGate) and asked that the card be refunded.  She informed me that she was unable to help me, but took my number and informed me that a manager would be calling me back.  Now at this point, if you are guessing that the manager promptly called ma back, apologized and fixed my issue, then you have not been paying attention. Why would you think that, don't you know a pattern when you see one?!Yeesh. No, what actually happened next was nothing...Infuriating, unsatisfying Nothing. No call ever came, no solutions were offered. I all I received was this quietly simmering rage. On the plus side, I think I finally learned my lesson about this place.So to summarize, if you love an unpleasant experience coupled with some pretty okay food, then you are in for a treat. If not, I suggest that you lunch elsewhere.
2	I've eaten here twice in the last 10 months.   The food is mediocre - about on par with your average Denny's - only at more than double the price.    My poached eggs were about 20 seconds away from being hard boiled.      Otherwise the food was OK.   The service is friendly and prompt so no bad marks there.   The room itself is done on the cheap.   Seriously, the tables and chairs look like something you would buy at Dollar General.    It has a bowling alley snack bar feel to it that simply doesn't measure up.   Next door is a closed, Chinese restaurant that has a more elegant setting.   They should move the diner to the closed Chinese restaurant area.   it would make the marked up prices more palatable.       All in all, its not a bad place to spend your casino comps or food vouchers...but if you are spending your own money there are much better diners downtown.   Go to the one at El Cortez or the California for a better experience.
4	What a cute place! We decided to eat here because The Grand was charging $25 for valet during Life Is Beautiful OR spend on gaming/food/drinks. Anyhow, I am so glad we did. I ordered the #LocoMoco and my son had the OMG Burger, and that burger was so yummy that OMG is exactly what I said upon first taste. The hostess was nice enough, however the gal that came over to ask about drinks turned abruptly and left WITHOUT asking my son what he wanted, after I said just water. That was just plain rude and I continue to be baffled by people with nasty attitudes applying for and getting hired in customer service positions. I thought the wait between ordering and receiving our food was a tad long, however not ridiculously long. Anyway, it was delicious!! The Loco Moco had just the right amount of gravy for me and the rice was sticky & sweet so the flavor played off the savory of the gravy and I was so happy & satisfied. The flavor of the OMG Burger was out of this world! I will definitely be back and will probably order one of these two dishes again, before venturing out to other menu items.Then, to top it off, we received $10 off our bill when I presented my players club card. WINNING!! Seniors 50+ get discounts, with their card, on Thursdays...take advantage of it!
2	Located in the Downtown Grand Hotel Casino, in Downtown Las Vegas. The food is very good at this hipper than thou coffee shop. Here is where the hipper than thou thing gets me. First, I waited at the front for almost 5 min. before anyone came to seat me. Second I had to go to the bar to get a refill on my water, my waiter was too busy being cool and hip to refill my drink. Bottom line there are better coffee shops downtown with better service. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
2	I wanted to like this place. i've been here before and I loved it. It's a complete train wreck and they're going down in flames, fast.We asked for a table of three and was told it would be about a 15 minute wait. i was perplexed as to why there was even await since there were plenty of tables sitting empty on the inside. I should have taken this as a sign and left.  Two of my friends got drinks at the bar and walked around the Grand before I received a text saying that our table was "almost ready." We were finally seated and it took an extra 5-7 minutes for someone to come and take a drink order. Long enough that we were ready to order our food. After that, we were lucky to see our server, or any server actually. After waiting a really long time for our food, our drinks and beers needed to be refilled. The only time I'd seen our server (most of them, now that I think about it) was standing in a corner having a conversation with other servers. I had to flag down another server to get our drinks refilled, who couldn't even do that. Her response was, "I'll get your waiter." That couldn't convince him to pay a visit to our table.Our food finally came. I ordered the calamari and the spinach artichoke dip, my friend ordered a pasta dish and tater tots. My calamari was frigid cold, and my spinach artichoke dip was so hot it burned my mouth. I was perplexed as to how two dishes that came out at the same time could be so different in temperature. I ended up sending the calamari back. There was a knight in shining armour in this place though. The one guy who delivered the food to our table (who wasn't our server, surprise surprise) actually asked if he could get us anything. We asked for refills and not even 30 seconds later, he's back with the drinks we wanted. I'm being generous with two stars just because of this guy. The food that I kept was good, tater tots were good. Service was horrible. I'm sad as this place had such great potential, yet lazy management is hindering this place from being decent. Never eating here again.
4	Wanted a quick dinner and were staying in the Downtown Grand hotel.  O+S is cutesy, upscale diner in decor. We had a fantastic waiter who was helpful answering questions about the menu, which contains standard diner fare with a Hawaiian bent.  We wanted to try something new, so we ordered the Moco Loco, med rare, egg over easy. This was so well seasoned it required nothing but your fork.  We finished off our meal with the molten brownie.  Brownie was mostly sweet, not uniquely flavorful, pretty standard stuff. But entree was enough to earn this place 4 stars!
3	Located in the slowly sinking ship know as the Downtown Grand, I can only imagine that Stewart + Ogden was a cut above when Todd Harrington (formerly of Central, now at Yardbird) was at the helm. Now, it's just slightly bette than your typical Downtown casino bistro/diner/all-purpose restaurant.Walking in from the casino floor I was a little surprised by how small the place is. The marketing photos make the place look so much bigger. Hoping that Chef Harrington brought a similar fried chicken recipe to the one from Central, I ordered S+O's platter ($14.99). What arrived soon after was 4 pieces of bland chicken with a thin, somewhat course, breading that lacked any visual cues of seasoning. The meat under the breading was quite juicy, so they get points for that. The steak cut fries and coleslaw weren't bad either. It will be interesting to see how their menu evolves with the kitchen changes and the consolidation of their now closed Asian restaurant into S+O.2.5 Stars
3	About 3 am on Sun/21 Dec ate here:- Service was atrocious.  If I remember correctly: was seated at 2:40 am (a little bit earlier than that, but at 2:40 was when I checked my watch to time them), waiter didn't ask for my drink/order until 2:49 am  (I was going to leave if s/he didn't show up by 2:50 am).  The place only customers at 2 or 3 other tables, don't know why the service was so poor.- But, the $5 steak & eggs (served 12 am - 6 am) was impressive.  The steak (8 oz?) was really tender, which was surprising.- 1 star for the service, 5 stars for the steak at only $5, so overall 3 stars.- I think the night shift supervisor just needs to run a tighter ship.  I could hear hip-hop type music drifting from the back/kitchen whereas the cafe/restaurant speakers played standard music, so it seemed like the employees were doing whatever they wanted with no (proper) supervision.
