3	I seem to be on a chain kick today,  although their menu is limited and I can only seem to find one menu item that I return to, the Alice Springs chicken, they offer curbside togo, the food is usually ready within 15 minutes of calling or ordering online, and they've yet to mess up an order. avoid the shrimp, they can be a bit veiny.
3	Outback was one of our favorite restaurants when we lived in Thousand Oaks, CA.  But we've never tried this one.  So we went for a late evening snack.The grilled shrimp on the barbie was just like we remembered it.  And the Alice Springs chicken is my wife's very favorite.  So the evening was fine.  If it weren't a chain it might be a four star for some people.  We sat at the bar and ate there - say hi to Heidi.  She is super!  Almost makes it a four star, as well.We'll go back again.
5	Was there just last week with my husband. The staff was very friendly & speedy with our orders & drink refills. Our waiter was also great (sadly, I don't remember his name). I will reccomend this place to our friends & family.
2	Outback has just lost it for us.  Steaks have gotten small and tough and the last few times have just been disappointing.  Even the salads have shrunk.  We have moved on to another steak place for our everyday dining and to Perry's for the really good stuff.
4	Funny how much I love Outback, but only ate a meal at one of their locations just a few times? I have always enjoyed Outback, It's different with a kick in the flavor. Last time I tried this location, I was amazed at how many customers were their! We had to come back and place a reservation. Steaks are just awesome, service was great, have no problems with this location.
3	We've dined at Outbacks for several years and we have usually been assured of a fairly decent meal.  On this particular night (a Friday) we were in early (about 5:00 PM) but it was already beginning to get pretty crowded.  However, Outback is pretty good at moving the herd so the wait wasn't too bad.  The service here has always been exceptional, even on the busiest of nights and this night was no exception.  Our party of four ordered the quintessential rib-eye along with a couple of lobster tails and the associated salads and potatoes. The steak was mediocre and acceptable but the lobster tails, which were ordered grilled, were overcooked and dry -  It probably would have been to our advantage to order them steamed.As the three stars indicate, the meal was acceptable but far from exceptional.  The prices at Outback are pretty reasonable but it seems to me that the quality of the food has deteriorated a bit over the years -- but that could just be me and my increasingly, crotchety demand for better food and service.In the future, I will probably return to this Outback but if I'm really looking for a superb meal I'll go elsewhere.
2	Service was good, food was okay. I asked for prime rib medium rare and got well done. Mushrooms were good. Blooming onions dark brown and kinda burnt. Sauteed mushrooms really good. Oh... Said that already.  Certainly seems like it'd probably be better than anything else in the area because there doesn't seem to be much around but I don't know that for sureDeb liked the iceberg wedge salad and her Fillet want bad though done med rare vs the well done she requested.
4	Service is very speedy and friendly. We were served by Rikki and she was wonderful.  My first experience here and the sirloin was so good! Juicy and tender. A little undercooked but wasn't bad at all. Fries were hot and fresh. Broccoli was steamed perfectly and tasted great. The environment was calm and not too busy.  Over all a very pleasant experience and I would recommend :)
1	I'm not usually one to review the chains, but this Outback is so far off the norm, I feel obligated to warn others. Run! Hide! You have tastier options!While the servers here are pleasant and quick, the kitchen is not so efficient, and the managers seem to back up their cooks instead of listening to customers. Here are my three experiences:Visit one. Ordered the mahi mahi, which appeared thick and succulent on menu photo. Received thin, dry piece that smelled of ammonia and rot. Sent it back, manager told me she was sorry I didn't like the fish. It's not that I didn't like it, it was BAD. Visit two. Hubby ordered the coconut shrimp, his longtime fave at Outbacks throughout the country. Lo, these lived up to the name, shrimp. They were half the size they were elsewhere. Entree was fine. Ordered a salad, baked potato, and steamed broccoli, because I am a wild hog. Had to ask for broccoli several times before it came out, cold. Ate it anyway. Visit three. Coconut shrimp again, and these looked bigger! Yay! Boo. Same tiny shrimp, bigger breading. Boo hiss.Ordered a rare NY strip, with salad, baked potato, and broccoli. Received a medium steak, with salad and potato. No broccoli. Waiter came to check and knew before I told him that steak was overcooked. Offered to let me keep potato, but then he would've had to carry steak in his hands. Or teeth. Reminded him about broccoli. Manager returned with new steak, rare, but so tough and filled with gristle, I was stunned. Broccoli, hot. Yum. Tater, hot. Yum, until I discovered a huge rotted spot inside. When he came back to check on the replacement dinner, I showed him how hard the steak was to cut, but said I would eat it anyway...my husband was already done with his dinner. Showed him the potato, and he said it was just a piece of skin. Um, no. This girl knows rotten when she sees it. He gave in and brought me a new potato, but seemed clearly miffed that I was so picky. I am not a whiner, really. But when things are rotten, or are not properly cooked, I do send them back. At this Outback, the managers seemed irked with customers who exercise that right. Sad, really, because it is just as easy to exercise my right to eat elsewhere.
1	Well, it's outback so you know what you are going to get.  It's place was okay the first time, then 2 days later horrible.  Everything was sooooooo salty (especially the blooming onion, we couldn't even eat it).  Then, when the waitress came around and asked how everything was, we told her it was too salty and what did she say? "Oh, but its so good" and walked away.  Really? That's what you say?  They forgot my cousin's horseradish crust on the rib eye steak, then brought it out 15 min later on a plate and slid it onto the steak (and it got all crumbled and fell apart).  I can't believe it.  Lucky for them, there are so few decent places in Surprise people choose to eat at this dump.  Never going back.
1	Service was pleasant but don't sit close to kitchen door otherwise you will feel like your dining with server zombies that consistently yell "CORNER" when entering or departing to warn other to avoid a collision. Simply install a mirror works the same. Ordered wings for appetizer and porterhouse steak. Salad came first then salty wings. Really when I asked that this not occur. Steak good ate half of both took home. Later that night had food poisoning. When I called day shift manager was abrasive and defensive this in my opinion was unprofessional. No attempt to compensate or make amends. My next call is to health department . What a waste  of time and money can't wait for Longhorn Steakhouse to open in Surprise.
4	We have been to this location on about 3 or 4 occasions and have never had a bad experience.  The servers are always friendly. I had the steak and lobster special, the outback steak was cooked medium and was very tender and tasted excellent.  The lobster was steamed and stuck to the shell a little bit, but once i got it loose, it tasted good with butter. Not bad for $16.99.We will continue to eat at Outback on occasion.
5	My husband and I ate here last night!  They were busy,  but the food was delicious and the service was great!
1	First, let me say that I do love Outback and think that it's one of the best places in Surprise to enjoy a good steak but....  I guess that even the good places can have a bad day; a very bad day especially if you get stuck with the worse waiter in restaurant history.Yesterday, April 19th was a bad day for Outback.  Our party of 7 called ahead for seating (I have Outback listed in my contacts because I go there pretty often) and were seated in a reasonable amount of time and then we sat and sat and sat till finally our waiter finally showed up.  We ordered appetizers and drinks and after another LONG wait, our drinks and snacks arrived and then, he disappeared again!   Honestly, he seemed confused & not familiar with the menu (he took the menu from my wife to see if what she was ordering was actually on the menu).  Eventually he did come back, spilled some water on the table and took our order - as I said, he didn't seem to be the least bit familiar with the menu and later, my suspicions were confirmed when my cold overcooked tough steak showed up - it wasn't the cut that I ordered.  I mean, how hard is it to order a Filet Mignon? Anyway, after we ordered and eventually finished the appetizers and drinks we keep waiting and waiting and waiting for our food or at least maybe a refill of our drinks but that wasn't going to happen.  Some in our party got their dinner salads they ordered, some didn't but we couldn't ask about the undelivered food because again, there was NO followup service and when he disappeared, he really disappeared!  After another long wait, a really long wait with empty drink glasses all around, our food was delivered - cold.  Really, I guess the long wait was because someone forgot to bring the food to the table because it was obvious that the plates were just left sitting somewhere, God knows where.  Again, no followup service to see if anyone needed steak sauce or condiments which would have been nice to have had some horseradish and A-1.  Still no dinner salad for one person in our party and one didn't even get their order till we were able to grab the attention of a busboy to see if he could possibly find our disappearing waiter.  Poor Olivia (our guest of honor) finally got her food after most of us were about 1/2 way though with our cold steaks when her food arrived and John (Olivia's dad) finally asked about his dinner salad which finally came at the end of his meal. I guess it was a desert salad? Another long wait (we have now been at Outback for about 1 1/2 hours by now) and our waiter comes to start clearing dishes and to ask if our food was OK and would I like another beer!  Really? Now you ask?!!? From the time our food was delivered till the time he is taking dishes away, this is the first time he has asked about our food and if everything was OK.  Nothing like a meal with nothing to drink - no beer, not even water!Another long wait - and now it's time for our checks to come - wait, wait, wait.  At this point I just want out of there and to go home.  Please bring me my check!  At last the check comes and my bill is $38 bucks.  I give him my credit card and when the receipt comes it's now $51 - WTF! He tells me that he made a mistake on my bill and had to add the additional charge - but didn't tell me what the mistake was so I don't know why all a sudden I was paying an additional $13.  I just sign the damn thing because by now, all I want to do is to get out of there and go home!OK, here comes the finishing touch to this disastrous evening.  Ready for this?  As he is handing me the credit card receipt for me to sign (with the additional $13 added) he asked, "would anyone care for desert"?  Really?  The tab has been paid, the table cleared and our party is preparing to say our goodbyes to each other and he wanted to take our desert orders.  Did he forget that we had already paid our bill?  I did call the manager when I got home (Susan Thompson) and she asked that I come back so she can make this awful experience right.  I'll do a followup review when that happens.
3	Unfortunately, this place is not what it used to be.  Last two visits, we had unusually long waits for service.  When our orders were finally taken, and the food brought to us, the portion size was noticably smaller and the price higher...plus salad was even extra.  At check out,  we tried to use the $8 coupon and were told we couldn't if our friends at the same table did since there was a limit of one coupon per table.  Then we were told that the large group to our right (5 separate tables pushed close) couldn't either because they were also considered one party even tho they were at 5 separate tables.  Seems the restaurant was determined not to let people use their coupons.
5	I am a reluctant 5-star giver, at best.  But our 14 person group had yet another excellent dining experience at an Outback Steakhouse on the road.  As in SoCal, we'd been put off by a long delay at another local restaurant and called Outback to see if they would accommodate our group.  They cheerfully consented.  We waited maybe 10 minutes inside the restaurant while they cleared and set our table up and then sat down to eat.  Our servers were what brought this otherwise 3.5 star review up to five stars.  They were cheerful, on the spot, corrected any oversights immediately, made thoughtful suggestions, and didn't dote.Don't get me wrong - this is a chain steak restaurant but one that our travelling group has decided is high up on our list of "go-to" spots when we're too tired to explore other options.  My rib eye steak was cooked to perfection, the ceaser salad wasn't overdressed, and my garlic mashed potatoes were tasty, if not a tad on the dry side.  I split a chocolate mini-milk shake with a coworker - it was to die for!Barring any future negative experiences at other Outbacks around the country, we'll certainly be back.  Thanks, Surprise, AZ Outback!
2	Was craving a steak and seen their advertisement for unlimited shrimp so made the 20 mile drive to the nearest Outback which happens to be in Surprise.Ordered a blooming onion which was cooked way too long so it was very dark and had a burnt taste. Could not eat it but didn't complain just decided to let it go. Our waiter was never around and left the dishes from the blooming onion stacked on our table through dinner.I ordered the 8oz Sirloin (first mistake ordering a sirloin steak) and it had a huge piece of gristle through the entire steak so I could only eat about 4 oz of it. I asked for medium and it was cooked well done. The one bright spot was the fried shrimp, you can't screw up fried shrimp. Overall we left disappointed that we drove that far for such an unimpressive dinner.
4	I went to Outback for a family dinner recently and absolutely loved the food!  Our waiter was very friendly (and funny) and the food was cooked to perfection.  I ordered the porterhouse steak and it was a perfect medium and the coconut shrimp was delicious.  The only thing I didn't care for was the Blooming Onion.  I'm not a big fan of onions and didn't really like it, but my family members seemed to think it was okay.  Great food and service overall.
2	First off, The only reason I am giving 2 stars is because we had an excellent server. We go to outback often (at least twice a month) and I am usually very happy, this time was a completely different story. I ordered my steak and broccoli along with it. When I got my food I started off with a bite of steak, delicious. Then I took a bite of broccoli, the second I closed my mouth I was hit with the most god awful taste. I am absolutely convinced it was some sort of cleaner. I instantly spit out my food and felt sick. I tried for several mins not to get sick, but I couldn't and went And threw up, violently I might add. My husband didn't eat his food either as he said it tasted sour. The manager came over and my husband and I explained what had  happened. The manager said she was new but to please call the manager tomorrow and let her know I was ok. I did call the manager the next day and she had no idea about the events the night before. I told her my story and her response was that it was impossible for it to have been anything not food safe. I am not an idiot, I know the difference between food and chemical. I understand that sometimes things happen, but the manager should have at least tried to make things right, instead of arguing with me.  I am not just someone complaining to get something for free. I even had the waiter ring up our drinks so we could leave a tip. It wasn't his fault the food was so horrible.  I did however expect that after such a horrible experience, that we would be offered something other than non payment for the things we didn't even eat. The manager did nothing to make it right. I am very disappointed by the way things will be handled and will not be going back. This is not the way to take care of your regular customers.
1	If there were negative stars I would give five. My wife and I really gave this place a chance with four visits. No more. Here's the readers digest version: wrong orders, fatty filet and wrong cook on steaks every time. This is a steak house right? Just poor management or ownership because it is bad from start to finish. Wrong orders, wrong prep, I could go on but I have better things to do. Last night was the same twenty minute wait then two sets of dirty silverware, heck one knife had food hanging off of it. The server brought our salads with no dressing so we sat there for five minutes with no dressing and dirty utensils. We got up and walked out. There is no way it was getting better.  End of story and last visit for us.
1	I used to really like the Outback chain, not a Ruth's but not sizzler either. However I can only give one star because of the corporate attitude. I am retired military and always enjoyed the military discount, not any more. I patronize a lot of  business's without a discount, but always having one and then "sorry, we stopped that", well then I asked about a senior discount. "You have to have a aarp card". What about the conservative senior group? Nope, aarp or nothing. Adios outback
4	My family and I come here often and the food never disappoints. Host staff has always been very nice and good with wait time quotes. The serving staff is at times a hit or miss. On this visit it was a miss. She just didn't seem to be very motivated or happy to be there at all. This is the reason for four stars not five.  Better luck next time.
3	1} THE WAIT STAFF  WAS WONDERFUL 5 STARSWe had reservations for 7:00 PM for our family gathering on 17.  They were going to set us in a banquet steal at several tables.  This could have been Communication problem I was not the one that made the reservations.  We were not seated until 7:30.  Our table was chairs on one side and one long bench on the other.  Half of use had to slide a very long way to get settled.  This was not easy for some of us.  The food was standard and typical Outback.  I do not like Outback.  I can not tolerate hot foods or very spicy foods.  You can not tell what you are eating do to the seasoning and marinades used.  For a lot of people it is what they go to the Outback for, the Outback Taste.   I do not eat at the Outback, it is not so much the food but the long wait and table arrangement, and then the non-a compensation for people that can not handle spicy... For any reason.  I am one of those that knows what Colorado Beef tastes like vs Beef from Florida grasses.  *Chicken (Road Island Red/Wyandotte/Orpington etc.) and *Heritage Turkey that has taken time to grow up vs CX and broad breasted turkeys that go to markets in weeks and will fall over dead with conjunctive of heart failure if allowed to live to long as 6 mo.  {*note: price of these fowl would be $5.00 -$10.00 a pound).
3	Food is pretty good, but some things had a stale taste to it. I got an Oreo milkshake & the ice cream/whipped cream they added on top tasted so old & stale. YUCK. My chicken tenders were pretty good but they had a borderline stale taste too. Too bad. I hadn't been there in years, will not go back probably. Customer service is good though, pretty friendly. But food is overpriced & not up to quality standards.
4	Went for dinner last night.  A little slow getting started but it was Friday night at 7pm and the waiter was sincerely apologetic for the delay.    Bread was hot and fresh and house salad with blue cheese was simple but excellent!   The filet and mashed potatoes were good but the all you can eat shrimp was great!!   Preferred the fried shrimp with cocktail but the scampi shrimp and buffalo sauce were also winners.   Needless to say we were stuffed and enjoyed our meal.   Will definitely be back!
2	We went here last night for my mothers birthday. We went at 5 and were seated right away. As it was in Surprise, I was shocked that we were seated so promptly because it was prime dining time. They also were able to set up for the 2 kids, so that was nice. Everything seemed to start out fine. The service was good and our server was pleasant and able to get the food to the kiddos fast. I just wish the food was better. This was one of the worst meals I have had in a long time. First off, my mom and I ordered margaritas. We should have just ordered lime juice. There was no alcohol in it. My mom even ordered a double and could not taste it. Since I had the baby, I rarely drink and am a cheap date after 1 drink. Even after ordering 2 margaritas, I felt no buzz. It was sad for my one night with cocktails in a long time. My husband and my mom both ordered steak and lobster. The lobster was so chewy and tasteless. The meat was grizzly and had no flavor or the promised rub. I had mahi mahi and it was so rubbery and flavorless. The toppings on it added nothing. It was so disappointing. We have not been to an outback in many years. I am not sure if the quality has gone downhill in the overall chain or just this location but I will not be back for such mediocre food.
2	Service was terrible.  Food was late. 2 stars for the food being delish but that's it.
2	Very displeased with the food,management,service on my latest visit. The ribs were fatty and tasteless and expensive. Chili's has much better ribs and cheaper. I went for the steak and lobster special which i looked up on their website in the am. I get the menu and its not there. I was told it was changed that afternoon. I asked for the manager and told her that was the only reason 6 of us came to outback. She refused to honor it. 4 of us got the wed special and 2 ordered the regular menu and they totally refused to use the aarp 15% disc on any of the meals. Carrows has a better prime rib for $9.00 less than outback. I certainly will not return.
2	I've been sitting here for lunch for just about an hour. Took 45 minutes to get our appetizer and then 15 minutes more for salad and soup. There are 5-6 tables where I am sitting. This is unacceptable.
5	We visited on NYE and what a PLEASANT experience it was for us! We had put our name in online, got seated within 10 minutes of arriving which was 20 minutes before our saved time. The hostess was joyful and handling the holiday pressure really well.The server was attentive but not in our faces too much, actually suggested one of my favorite wines, and was quick when it came time to pay the bill. The food was cooked to perfection (we both tried the portabello filet with garlic mashed and steamed veggies.) The only food item that could have been done better was the asparagus; it was a bit tough. We carried a slice of raspberry cheesecake home with us for later and enjoyed that, too! Throughout the visit, the manager was checking on her employees and complimenting them on their attention to the needs of the restaurant, which I think was a great morale booster! I'm so happy to say our last meal of 2014 was a wonderful experience on so many levels!
1	We have never had a bad steak there until our last visit Jan 4 2015 we went for dinner my steak we very tough our server took it back they made me a new steak it was just as tough as the first one with lots of gristle. I'm not sure if they are getting there meat from but the quality is gone, I well probably never go back we spent 50.00 for the meal not including the $10.00 tip.
