3	Servers very patient and cheerful, coffee is delish! Dark roast with Hazelnut available yay;) I have to say it again.... This coffee is GREATSadly service was slow but this was their first day so I will be back to try again another time.
2	Sigh.   Just don't.We all anxiously awaited the next installment of "what restaurant are they going to put here for 18 months or less" after the Chinese buffet at this location closed down.  The news that it was going to be a Denny's got a resounding "meh", but those of us that work in the area were happy to have something new.We got there for an early lunch, were greeted by a friendly, if not slightly frazzled, manager, and seated.  And then the wait began.  Many minutes later, our soft-voiced waitress took our order. More waiting for food.  Maybe 10 other tables were seated, far from busy, even after peak lunch time.  There is a TV hanging on the wall - I would point that away from the kitchen as they seemed more interested in the highlights from last night's Panthers game than doing their job in any sort of efficient manner (although last night's win over the Patriots was awesome).My order of a Grand Slam Waffle breakfast took forever.  My bacon and eggs got to the table first and I was told the waffle would be out momentarily.  I finished the bacon and eggs, which were both what I was expecting and served the purpose, and was still waiting on the waffle.  Finally, my hard, dry waffle got to the table with a small dollop of butter and a small container of syrup.  I am usually just a butter only gal, but the waffle was bleh so I drowned it in syrup, which was immediately absorbed and somehow it was still dry.The manager was scrambling around rather harried. The wait staff all seemed to be inexperienced or... something, I am not sure, no one was exactly throwing down their A game, or even their D game.  Lunch shouldn't take an hour at Denny's - we didn't pick it for the fine dining, we picked it because we needed a semi-quick lunch. I don't think the place sucks for lack of trying, but if they don't pull it together, it will be another RIP restaurant at this location.
3	So...it's Denny's.  I wasn't expecting haute cuisine, but the food seems to be even lower quality than I remember. I ordered some Hobbit tie-in turkey dinner.  The meat was salty, the potatoes were most likely made from powder.  I liked the gravy, but I do like canned gravy (shhh).  The dinner even came with some canned cranberry sauce.This place is pretty new and they keep it clean.  Parking was not a problem and it is convenient to Costco.  Next time I need a quick lunch I'll probably stop at Subway instead.  The turkey tastes about the same but I can put some fresh veggies on my turkey at Subway.
2	One sunny afternoon me and a friend decided to grab Sunday brunch at this newly open Denny's. Upon arrival parking was easily accessible, and it did it appear to  be at full capacity. After entering the establishment there was numerous groups of family's waiting to be seated. We placed our name on the waiting list and was told it would be 5-10 minute wait. After further observation of the dining area they were seats available, but all contained dirty dishes.So after waiting 35 minutes to be seated. Things moved at a reasonable pace for a diner. Food and drinks arrived in a timely manner, but it seemed like an eternity to receive our cutlery. So I would say our waiter was "OK". The waiter assured us that we return to Denny's on a LESS busy day, to get better service. Our food: my over easy eggs were a little overdone, but everything else was just fine. My friend stated his hamburger was a little bland, but enjoyed the seasoned fries. Just a few things I want to add: the overall cleanliness of this Denny's and the waitstaff I would give them a 4 out of 10. I observed our waiter spill water on the floor in front of a patrons table, and didn't clean it up. I think this location just needs some time to iron out their customer service. Maybe a new management team.
2	Had the sausage skillet was good but the toast came later and was butterd on one side
2	As soon as we walked in there was no one at front reception to welcome is or seat us plus we waited quietly some time with no one coming to our attention. Every employee's attention to us waiting at the front reception was abysmal. After finally being noticed and seated the waitress seemed very new and confused about where to seat us because she ain't know the table numbers. Where she seated us the table was dirty and had to stand there and wait again until the table was cleaned which should have been done before we were seated plus the floor looked like it hasn't been swept at all, the place wasn't even that busy. As far as the food I ordered the sausage supreme skillet which was pretty good and filling; they had a really good build your own skillet which I wish I took advantage of but just not in this location. Hopefully I can get better service and a better experience at another location. I not gonna just write the brand off just yet because of this set back at one location.
2	Server was the best part of this place she had great customer service. The cups our waters came is were dirty with food particles. I ordered scrambled eggs with cheese but they only gave me scrambled eggs. The kitchen claimed it had cheese but it didn't. Kitchen staff was rude yelling out loud about it.
5	It's Denny's so the food is the same as any other chain. But the staff was awesome and I appreciated their service and attention. I'd definitely come back.
5	This is the best Denny's / from the server - (Latoya's great) to the food, to the appearance of the restaurant. I would recommend this place to anyone coming by here. We had the French toast breakfast. All cooked & served perfectly.
5	This is the nicest Denny's that we have ever eaten at. Not only is the restaurant clean and updated, the food was excellent! The wait staff was so friendly and the food cooked perfectly. If you like Denny's at all, this is the place to stop in Charlotte. I'd eat here every time we come through!
2	We went on a Sunday afternoon. It was so busy the wait was 45 minutes to get our food. The food was good. The server was sweet but too busy. The worst part of the whole thing was that the manager was screaming and cursing at her employees from the kitchen. I would highly recommend going to a different dennys unless management changes because the manager yelling and the food taking that long is all a result of poor management.
2	My husband and I love Denny's breakfast and always wish they had one around the South Charlotte area. We were excited to go try it out one evening on our way back from a wedding. We were seriously disappointed. The service was horrible, it took over 30 minutes for someone to even stop by to ask us what we wanted to drink and this was after we stop the person. The food was not up to par either. We ordered our usual nacho which came with cold melted cheese, barely filling the nachos, rarely any meat and I want to say something else was missing in there. The server also mess up on all our  food orders. We were very disappointed and do not expect to go there again.
2	Group of 5 guys just wanting some coffee and a small meal. Food was good but for starters; the coffee was cold, everyone had to ask for fresh coffee. Waitress didn't even know the menu and asked " what else am I supposed to ask you on that one?" Ha! Are you kidding me. Ohh and as soon as we enter the door the first thing you hear is cursing, by the staff!?! Come on people....
1	Went there for lunch with my gf, and we were the only customers in the entire restaurant. This is the only time I have never left a tip. Our server set us, and got our drinks and took our order a in a timely manner. Then everything went wrong. I order coffee, twenty minutes go by and still no food, our waitress never comes to refill drinks, and still no food. At 30 min we finally received our food. I ordered a bacon avocado burger with jalapenos. The burger was received with no ketupt or mustard, and the jalapenos were brought in a side bowl. The burger was extremely dry, probably because it was sitting on the server counter for 15 min. My gf ordered a steak with cheesey potatoes and garlic bread. She received reg mashed potatoes, and her steak looked like it was left out in a gutter for a week, before cooked. Our server never came to refill drinks or ask how the meal was, WE WERE THE ONLY CUSTOMERS. Wanda did decide to shout at us from the kitchen to see if we were still alive, from the disaster of a meal we were served. I used to love dennys, but this exsperience has lost my service for life. Go to waffle house, they will at least give you a refill on coffee. Worst 25$ I have ever spent.
2	Miserable experience unlike previous visits here. We travelled from Matthews to have dinner. We agree with some of the other reviews about This place being clean and updated but all for naught because the service was horrific. We were brought to our table, server took our beverage orders (coffee, tea, ice tea, waters). There were no silverware on the tableo and even after the server brought out our beverage, he forgot the water, we had to ask him for spoons. we ordered appetizers (mozzarella sticks and cheese quesadillas). That  came out without any dipping sauce or even plates and when we asked him the server said he could bring us some as he didn't know the  food came with it...I just do not understand, This place has real potential  but with the current staff it will go the way of most of the 80's Denny's...CLOSED
1	I was @ the dennys on Tyvola Rd on 9/27/14 around 11:50am The restaurant was not full at all but I had to wait 10 minutes which I was ok with. It was a friend of mine, his neece(4 year old), my son (8 year old) and my self. After we sat down we waited ten minutes before we were asked by our waitress what would we like to drink, which we went ahead and told her the drinks we would like along with the food order since we already had enough time to look at the menu since we were not approached for 10 minutes and also we had 2 small kids that needed to be fed. The waitress left and a few minutes later she brought the drinks. We waited 1 hour and 10 minutes minutes from the time of the drinks before we asked her , about the food. Within that time that we waited we heard yelling coming from the kitchen and screaming from the lady that we later knew it was the manager. She was yelling at the employees and saying things like "move your ass" ,"get this plate out of here now" she was rude to her employees and was not professional to maintain certain conversations from being heard by the customers . We just wanted to eat, so we didnt pay attention to the yelling that much. When we asked the waitress about the food, She politely said that it was coming, I personally dont think it was her fault at all, it was more the kitchen and the manager on duty. The waitress said it was coming and went to the kitchen to check upon the order, we also heard her say to the kitchen crew "why is table 22's ticket not on the screen", she was arguing with the kitchen crew and they replied that maybe it had "Expired". We asked another waitress for our table number and she said it was 22, so we quickly realized that it was our ticket and food that was missing and thats why we never received the food, we call the waitress and ask her to please explain what was going on, she said that the ticket was not on file but that they were going to make it right away, which I replied politely to speak to the manager. I just wanted an explanation since the restaurant was not even full, and i saw employess just walking around. When the manager came to our table (she is Caucasian) all I said was that "I been waiting for more than an hour with 2 small kids that need to be fed, I told her that I didnt understand why it was taking so long to make our food, she replied and said I dont really know whats going on, or what happened, all I can tell you is that it seems like your order got lost, I was really dissapointed by this time that all I said is I would like the total for my drinks and that way I can go somewhere else", and her reply was "its nothing, good bye! and yelled to the kitchen STOP making the FOOD!. She never apologize or never even cared to try to find a appropriate explanation. When we got up and were walking out and the table behind us, said that the waiting time was ridiculous, and that they waited about the same. The table across us, a family with 4 small kids also got up and left when we left. I rarely write reviews, but I think this experience has been one of the worst Ive been in so it deserves to be shared and maybe they can fix whatever they are lacking in. This store just opened for more than 6 months, and should not be having this kinds of problems. They need better managing skills, someone who is professional and someone who at least cares for costumer service when its needed.
4	I don't typically like chain restaurants, but on a tight road trip schedule, you stop where you can. I was pleasantly surprised. Very clean (enough that I didn't mind my daughter climbing under the table), friendly and prompt staff, and food was regular chain restaurant menu, but good.
4	This Denny is located near Costco's. Staff noted this place opened a year ago replacing a buffet restaurant. Really like the lighting and the decorations of this particular Denny's, been to some that were designed quite differently.The waitress was warm and helpful with meal selection. It was like 3 PM and I did not want to have dinner nor breakfast. Even though the pumpkin pancake looks yummy on the menu. No sandwiches or burgers. Decided to go for the Chicken Quesadilla with sausage. Very tasty and a nice spicy kick to it with the sausage. Denny is always adding new items on their menu which I like. Recall, last year traveling during the Christmas holidays and many places were closed on Christmas, but Denny's was open.
