4	I've been a fan of Joe's BBQ and Joe's Farm Grill for a while, so was excited to hear Joe had purchased the old Liberty Market in downtown Gilbert and was reopening it with his touch of flair.Joe did not disappoint. He kept the core building intact, with cracked concrete floor and flaky neon sign, but gave the seating a clean metal polish. The E61 coffee bar serves a mean espresso and a good cappuccino in a more Italian coffee bar approach (i.e. NOT Starbucks)Breakfast has paninis and other hot items plus rolls and muffins for sale. Lunch and dinner has a wide range of items from wood fired pizzas to vegetable salads and the very tasty "Liberty Bowl".Food is also available To Go, and there is a small but good selection of food paraphernalia. Outside seating on a small patio is perfect at this time of year.Be sure to check out the open bathroom (common sinks) with 5 individually decorated Male/Female bathroom stalls. A shame they can't put a camera in there to capture the reaction as people go back there for the first time.Another nice addition to downtown Gilbert, and very much worth a visit.
4	Thanks, Joe for saving Gilbert!Great, casual place like a slimmed down Dish urban market (RIP).  The pizzas have awesome crusts and without the wait! (take that Bianco)  NIce place to stop by for a quick bite.  I hope they opne up a grill too.
5	This place is great. We went because we are a fan of Joe's BBQ and Joe's Farm Grill. We were not disappointed with the food or atmosphere.  I had the grilled cheese sandwich with bacon and tomatos and the potato salad. The potato salad was the best I have ever had and the grilled cheese was the best I ever had, and I have had MANY versions of both meaning that I have a little bit of a weight problem. But anyways Liberty Market is worth a try and Im sure you will want to go back. It kinda reminds me of a cooler version of La Grande Orange.
1	I was treated very rude by the owners and will tell anyone I cross paths with not to patron this establishment.  They think they can treat customers rudely without getting a reputation.  I watched them kick out a mother and her children because she had a barking dog in her Bentley outside.   O.K. I am that mother. The nerve!
5	Dont listen to Gail....she must have been having a bad day and didnt see how great this place is.  The food was awesome and the service was great!  We got in and out for $20 for two and would def! go back. :)
4	I've been to the Liberty Market twice now and had great experiences both times.  The first trip, my wife and I just went in for coffee - and unfortunately we had already eaten dinner and dessert.  I had a cappuccino which did not disappoint, and required no augmentation - and my wife got her usual decaf americano with splenda and milk.  The desserts we saw looked fantastic - and apparently we were there for one of Joe's friend's birthday and they had these fantastic looking cupcakes (how did I know?!)Second trip was with my brother, mom, and step-dad for dinner.  I ordered the farmer sandwich (veggies + goat cheese) which was delicious, and a perfect size.  Not too large, not too small.  Bro ordered the sloppy joe extra spicy - it was good, but not knock your socks off.  Mom and step-dad ordered pizza (1/2 cheese, 1/2 pep), I tried a small piece, it had a great sauce, fresh cheese, and a crisp + chewy crust.  They also split a mixed greens salad which looked fantastic.We ordered dessert which was a granola bar (awesome), brownie (great reports, but alas, no walnuts for this nut), and I got a slice of pumpkin-apple bread to go (eventually tried this at home and was yummy).The decor is really nifty - there is an open kitchen that runs almost the entire indoor portion of the restaurant.  There is a wood-fired pizza oven and it looks like a prep-kitchen in the back.  The drinking glasses are actually glass, and all of the tables are nice dark wood with very comfortable chairs.I over-heard Joe talking to another table about not advertising just yet to make sure that all of the kinks are worked out.  He also mentioned later when I was ordering coffee that the cupcakes were a special event dessert and might not be a regular item.The entire staff is incredibley friendly and made the experience that much better.  It's too bad that Gail W. had such a bad experience - and also too bad that there is no real detail in the review.Give it a try - you won't be disappointed.
3	This place was just okay for us....I was expecting something similar to La Grande Orange based on a write up in the New Times, for me La Grande Orange is much superior.We went here  last Saturday  for breakfast and the place was practically empty around 9:00am (prime time),We had the Western Scramble and Grilled Vegetable Scramble, ....they describe on the menu "eggs scrambled with flank steak", but there were two small pieces barely the size of a quarter...nothing stood out about the dish either.  My friend had the grilled vegetable scramble, she also mentioned the dish didn't have many vegetables and thought it was just okay.The restaurant next door the Farm House was much busier (although i think same owner), after eating here and not being too impressed, it made sense why.
5	Maybe Gail is confused. This is not a place for people with bentleys and those horrible yelping dogs. that most likely said women keep in their car or transport there dog in a carrier bag draped on their shoulder. Liberty Market is a place to relax and not to find the stereotypical scottsdale crowd. This is Gilbert, it was hay fields and cows not too long ago. People in  Gilbert are more relaxed and not worried by things of 'oh gosh is my 3rd generation pedigree welsh terrier barking at people in my posh car'. Food was amazing and the owner, Joe, is absolutely the best restaurateur in existence. He MADE my dining night. Walked in for the first time on a monday evening, approached the coffee bar and started to talk to the barista a bit about how the design is amazing, perfect balance of modern and country. Wonderful coffee and at the end the barista extended his hand for a shake and said, 'By the way, my name is Joe." I was astonished by this. He checked in with me and my party the whole night just talking about food, all the equipment, and just tales of opening. He truely is what all resturant owners need to live up to. He seems to have a king midas touch, Coffee Plantation (before he sold it), Joe's Real BBQ, Joe's Farm Grill, and now Liberty Market are all his. I now understand why they are so popluar. It is because of the owner. I live in Tempe and I can see me making the commute at least once a week just for the atmosphere.
5	A recent addition to our dining pantheon, Liberty Market has yet to serve us something we weren't impressed with. In the few months since they have been open, (October 2008), we have been back numerous times for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner.Their menu is still evolving and a few new items are added from time to time. This is a major plus for any restaurant keeping the choices changing and the menu fresh.They have a wonderful selection of breakfast items and baked goods all with a bit of a twist to them that you are sure to enjoy.Lunch and dinner feature pressed sandwichwes with fresh ingredents like arugula, basil, fontina and gorgonzolla cheese, balsamic viniger and some of the finest meats to be found on fresh made daily breads. Their wood fired pizza oven puts forth the best pies you'll find this side of Italy with a wonderful crust that is both crunchy and toothful.The finest carrot cake around for dessert and truly fine coffee. Not to mention the best bowl of hot chocolate on the planet, made from scratch not a can of syrup. Yum!You owe it to your self to give Liberty Market a try, your tounge and your tummy will thank you.
2	I know I am in the minority on this one, but I was unimpressed with the food.  Went there for a Sunday lunch and had one of the signature dishes, the Liberty Bowl, which I found lacking imagination.Kids had pizza, which was of insufficient quantity to satisfy even their small appetites.This visit was back in November.  Will I try it again?  Probably, since I am a big fan of Joe's other establishments (Joe's Real BBQ is one of my favoritest restaurants of all time).
4	We had dinner here tonight for the first time.  After reading several reviews in the paper about Liberty Market, and being fans of Joe's Farm Grill and Real BBQ, we were determined to get in here.  We parked in the back and as we walked along the sidewalk next to Liberty Market we noticed the long line trailing out of Joe's Real BBQ and then noticed the crowd inside Liberty Market.  I was instantly impressed that someone can be so successful in today's shaky market and open restaurant after restaurant with business just booming.As we walked in we noticed that there was a line in which you stand to order your food at a counter.  We joined the line and read the menu.  Already having decided on a margherita pizza, we also chose the caprese salad and I knew I wanted a glass of pinot noir.  As we stood, I noticed that there were very few empty tables and I mentioned to my husband that maybe I should snag a table.  I had my eye on one table but as I walked toward it someone else apparently also had their eye on it and sat there first.  I bolted over to the only other empty table that I saw.  I sat for several minutes, watching my husband inch his way up to the counter.  A manager lady came over to me and asked me if I had someone standing in line.  I said yes.  She informed me that they usually like people to all wait in line and then order before sitting at a table.  I looked back at her and thought about the fact that there were no empty tables.  I said okay, but I held on to my table.  So that part was a little stressful.  The couple next to me joked around saying that I wasn't following the rules and may end up getting kicked out of my table.  Thankfully my husband was finally able to order and made his way over to our table.We sat close to several other tables which seemd to invite conversation from all sides.  We chatted with all the people around us which was fun.Our food came and it was delicious!  The pizza was perfectly cruncy and chewy.  The caprese salad was very tasty.  We devoured every last bite.On our way out we were lucky to see Joe, the owner, and were able to compliment him on his wonderful restaurant.  I'll definitely be back to try something else!
5	If you haven't been here yet, you should either go RIGHT NOW or punch yourself.  This place is awesome, from the food, to the people, to even the bathrooms.The food - amazing.  Joe, who is there quite often and is a very friendly and cultured guy, really knows his food.  Even the cheese sandwich is worth the over $10 price tag.... yeah you read that correctly, a cheese sandwich!The place - beautiful.  I would suggest asking Joe or his wife for a tour because it really is not apparent as it should be how much time, money, and effort was put into rebuilding the place.  Oh and definitely check out each of the 5 bathrooms.  Each bathroom is designed by one of the owners individually.The coffee - holy crap!  Now I'm not a coffee snob by any means but Joe has some of the best coffee in Arizona.  And they come in man sized bowls for the coffee addict.  I'd try the mocha bowl with a shot of vanilla.The people - cooltastic.  They really are great people and I think its because they truly love their job.Bottom line, just freaking go and stop making excuses!
3	UPDATE (May 2009): I tried Liberty for breakfast and they have a good selection...the chorizo egg dish was great.  My kids loved the pancakes.  I'm still iffy on other food, I'll have to give it another try, but the breakfast was a much better experience than the dinner.I guess this is one of Joe's (BBQ/Farm Grill) establishments?  If so, this one misses the mark.  I couldn't disagree more with other reviewers.  Liberty Market had an opportunity to really be something special. The Space: is awesome.  Well done inside.  It's comfortable, casual and eclectic.  The story ends there for me.  I went there with my daughter and when I looked at the menu my thought was "that's it?"  I felt like it was way overpriced pannini's...that's about it.I had one of the signature sandwiches and it was "okay" -- nothing to write home (or anywhere else) about for sure.  My daughter opted for the Liberty Joe which I felt was canned Manwich.Again, they killed it with the environment, but the food needs a lot of help.  I'm not a coffee drinker, but the coffee area did look impressive...a lot of people were there that night just for some coffee and they seemed pleased.Give me a reason not to go across the street to Joes BBQ...so far you haven't.
4	Been going here quite a few times lately. Enjoyed every visit overall. The Maiden Lane?(turkey sandwich), Arizona Sky and Minestrone were all delicious. The sloppy joe could have been better. Too much bun and not enough slop.The creamy potato salad was weak. Very bland and flavorless.On the other hand the roasted sweet potato salad was quite the opposite. Could not get enough of it. Was really disappointed the last time I went and they were sold out.Staff has been nothing but great each visit.
4	Liberty Market is owned by Joe Johnston, of Joe's Real BBQ and Joe's Farm Grill.  But imho his real claim to fame is the fact that he was one of the founders of Coffee Plantation--if you can remember as far back as when CP was actually a great place to go.If you head into Liberty Market, you'll find an espresso bar with an old-school machine making pretty tasty drinks, including store-made proprietary hot chocolate (which was a hallmark of Coffee Plantation.  Starbucks?  Pah).My wife, co-yelping, says the baked goods are better than the food, and since the red velvet cake is part of that category, I'd have to agree.  The red velvet cake is--and I mean this--the best slice of cake I've ever eaten.  And I've had my fair share.  The cream cheese frosting is fucking ridiculous, it's so creamy and cheesy.  If it were chilled the way such a cake should be (I think their bake case needs repair) I'd seriously go buy three cakes and just eat till I died, Seven style.But the sandwiches are good too, and the ambience is quaint and charming--as Joe's places always are.  I don't want to wantonly toss my stars out to every half-decent place because let's be honest--not every place is a five-star restaurant.  But this place is pretty damn good and charming, so I'd recommend a visit.My wife's yelp: "I loved the red velvet cake, very cute place, nice atmosphere."  She's a lover of brevity (and poorly hung yet redeemingly charismatic men).
4	If you've never been to downtown Gilbert to visit Joe's Real BBQ, Liberty Market is another reason to check it out. Not only are there those 2 destination worthy places to chow, but Hale Centre Theatre which offers live performance theatre for post eating entertainment. The icon for downtown Gilbert is a massive water tower that is just amazing to stand by. I know its just a water tower but the history, being built in 1923, and the scale, 123 feet tall, it's quite a sight to stand underneath. With a 3 million dollar renovation and new park surrounding the tower, it's both modern and well, cool. Here is some good news if you're a fan of Joe's Real BBQ or Joe's Farm Grill; restaurateur Joe Johnston also owns Liberty Market. So you'll know right away that there will be high quality and tasty food at very affordable prices. This is also due to the fact that Chef David Traina and his wife Kiersten are pretty much running the show at Liberty. Both were so helpful that we felt like we were honored guests; as I'm sure most will feel when visiting. Chef David came from behind the open kitchen and greeted us personally. His gorgeous wife Kiersten was so helpful as she had many recommendations from the menu and drink list as we ordered. Its customer service like this that will not only make you a loyal guest, but you'll quickly share this experience with your friends.Built in 1935 the building has been lovingly restored into that retro-American-modern feel that the other restaurants have. On a side note, be sure to check out the bathrooms, there are several in which to chose and each has its own theme. To get things moving along at Liberty you stand in line and place your order at the counter, then they give you a number to place on the table and when your order is ready they bring it out to you. There are quite a few places to sit including a large patio, main indoor dining room and a long bar overlooking the wood-burning oven. This is the place to be if you love to see your dinner being made before your eyes, its up close and very personal.Depending on what time of day you go the menu has its bases covered. From the coffee bar to a fun and interesting breakfast menu as well as the main menu, you might be hard pressed to just order one thing. The main menu is comprised of sandwiches, pizza's, salads and cold case offerings such a fresh hummus and potato salad. You may also be happy to know that they serve beer and wine to compliment your dinner choices, priced so well that you may want to try more than one if you're not driving.  Be sure to take a look at the wall of kitschy gift items like bear shaped salt and peppershakers and Party Snaps. Who didn't play with those when they were a kid?Being all about fresh and local we started with the Antipasto ($11), which was large enough to share between 4 big eaters. A large serving platter covered in Molinari and Sons cured meats, roasted Brussels sprouts, baby carrots, olives and slices of artisanal cheese were a delight. The grilled bread that came with the platter was a nice compliment to the deliciously salty cured meats. Instead of ordering the Caprese Salad ($8) we opted for the Caprese Sandwich ($7), which even came with a cold case side dish. The corn, tomato + bean side was a bounty of freshness from the crunchy corn to the smooth toothsome Navy beans. This was a real compliment to the wonderful flavors of the mozzarella, sliced tomato, fresh basil and balsamic on the sandwich. The Liberty Joe ($7) is a take on the classic Sloppy Joe enjoyed by millions of kids over the years. Tender ground beef in a rich and hearty tomato sauce a top a toasted bun, lots of love for this one. Mac and cheese was the only side that could have been chosen for this one, kid heaven!The pizza's are all hand tossed and baked in a beautiful Renato wood-burning oven. The pizza crusts that come from this oven are lightly crisp, slightly charred and simply scrumptious! Starting with the White ($11) this one is not to be missed! If the combination of cream sauce and smoked mozzarella wasn't enough, wait till you taste the chopped bacon and tender pieces of chicken, oolala! Another sure fire hit was the Grilled Sausage ($10) covered in stringy mozzarella, roasted onions and tomato sauce. While the Molinari ($11) sounded great, the cooking of sliced cured meats makes them way to salty and intense for my taste, gamey.Desserts vary from day to day, so on our visit we had the pleasure of a slab of Red Velvet Cake ($5). If you've never had red velvet, please do. Moist chocolate cake covered in thick frosting of cream cheese delight. If you're in the mood for something a little different, order the Bread Pudding ($5). This was probably the lightest bread pudding I've ever had, which was more like French toast pillows swimming in a sea of creamy love.Load up the car with friends and go ahead, make the trip to Gilbert and see what you had no idea existed.
4	I'd heard about this place from several friends and I had an event nearby, so we headed directly over afterward. The ambiance was perfect. Love it, and this was so nice. It was a cross between throw back 50s and bistro. I loved what Joe's done with it.I didn't mind the walk up ordering, but adding the tip to the bill before I was even served didn't work for me so I didn't bother. The menu was short, and the wife said the burger rocked. I got the pizza and it was just ok. My wife and daughter got the caprese pasta salad and the serving was very small and tasteless. The woman and man who served us were both very friendly but I didn't really know who got the tip in the end (fortunately, they had a tip jar I could just drop it into).We also used the restrooms while we were there, and that was pretty cool. I loved the photos in the bathroom and sharing a sink area with the opposite gender was very 21st century. Cool.Nice place overall. Joe did a good job here, but i would've liked him to have served me my beer :)
4	Wow, what a cool place! I went for the first time last night and had the farmer sandwich, it was fabulous. Service was great. Love the atmosphere and vibe here. The patio is especially nice when the weather is right. The menu is just salads, sandwiches and pizzas but if that's what you're looking for, give it a try.  I highly recommend Liberty Market.
5	Need a place where a group can go and you don't want to worry about splitting the check up?  This is the place just for that.  I went there in the evening, Friday, March 23, 2009 and I was blown away.  The service was great and the food was out of this world.   I'm actually not easily impressed with restaurants but I was that night.   I feared that with a group as large as #EVFN it would become to overwhelming for everyone.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The staff there was wonderful.  It has to be one of the cleanest places in the valley.  If you want something different and fun Liberty Market is the place.
5	Great place for a business lunch or lunch with friends.  Had a fabulous sandwich, grilled ham and brie, and roasted green bean salad.  Nice, clean, friendly atmosphere!
3	I've got a question - When did cafeteria style, cow herding, awkward, wait in line service become the norm? I've been to Liberty a couple of times now and I just don't get it. The food is mediocre. For breakfast I have had the salmon plate, the pancakes, and the quesadilla. The salmon was - eh. There weren't nearly enough crackers or toasts or whatever you want to describe them as for the amount of salmon. The "dressing" on the greens was almost nonexistent even though it had a pretty good flavor. The salmon and capers were good, but I've had better.The pancakes were just overpriced. I don't think I should have to add in an extra 2 dollars or whatever it was for blueberries. The TINY amount of syrup they give you is ample enough for one pancake, not three. And the quesadilla? I just don't get their "homefries" or "potatoes" or whatever they call them. It's more like an onion casserole. They shove them inside the quesadilla, which is filled with eggs and chicken and salsa. It's HUGE. I would split this if I go again.The coffee is SUPERB, though. Great flavor. Rich, robust and not bitter. Parking is ample - there are a lot of places to park around the neighborhood, and the revitalization efforts of this "historic" neighborhood are noticeable. The little market where they sell things isn't anything great. You can go to the farmer's market on Power Rd. and get better prices. And AJs has most everything else at comparable prices. (Yes, AJs prices are comparable to Liberty Markets). I do like the idea though. If they could procure items that were "hard to find" then this concept would play out nicely. My overall observation, however, is definitely the flow of the service lines. ?? I really wish there was some other way to herd the cats...without making it awkward and anxiety ridden. The decor is awesome though. It's a great concept - and I was actually a purveyor of the original Liberty Market, so I enjoy the Owner's commitment to keep the integrity of the building. And I love the bathroom idea.
4	This is as good as it gets in Arizona.  We had a great time eating lunch in the really lovely place.  Joe who owns the place chatted us up and was just great.  He made us a great expresso drink and charmed everyone at the table.  It felt like I was in LA or San Francisco.  What a great little place!!! I only get to AZ a few times a year but will make a effort to stop by every time.
3	Went back to Liberty Market the other day and bought the Molinari pizza. A friend had complained that the outer edge always burned while the middle stayed too soft and undercooked. I like the stuff that comes on these pies, so I figured I would give it a shot.She was right. It wasn't unedible, but the middle part was pretty scary. I have no idea how they should fix this problem but this pie wasn't great even though I still love this place.Oh yeah, Joe, you also need Sweet & Lo!
5	Liberty Market is a great place ... great staff, great service, great food.  I've been there a few times with just one other person and with a large group (#evfn) and the folks at Liberty Market have always exceeded my expectations.Kudos!
4	I went to Liberty Market for the first time last Friday to hang out with friends at the latest #evfn. I have to say I was very impressed with the place and the staff. They took excellent care of a very large crowd. Since I wasn't really hungry, I just glanced at their pastries, but what a gorgeous sight. I picked a blueberry scone which was large, not terribly expensive, and a soda. The scone was wonderful and I savored it the whole evening. I would definitely go back if #evfn touches down there again, but more importantly, I would trek back down into Gilbert again to try something else to enjoy.
5	Went back again with the #EVFN group and had another great time.   This place is great for large groups.   Call them they can reserve some space for you and even open a register for your group if you need it.  I really liked the ice tea and white pizza.   Can't wait to go back again.
5	Since discovering Liberty Market a couple of months ago, I'm pretty sure I've made a mortgage payment for Joe Johnston, the ever-present owner.Breakfasts are great. I'm partial to the Western Scramble, but everything I've had has been very good, with large portions and served by attentive staff. They have some coffee drink, I can't ever remember the name, that comes in a shot glass and you have to stir it up. Delightful. Get two.Lunches and dinners are also very good. The "bowl of meat" and the hamburgers are outstanding.I've attended Liberty Market with just me and the bride, a small gathering of friends, as wall as with large groups and I've never been disappointed.
2	We arrived on a Saturday morning at about 9:30. At the time it wasn't that busy, the restaurant was about half full and there was only one couple ahead of me at the counter when I ordered. I was there with my family of 4.The Good - The restaurant was immaculate. Very clean and modern looking. Its a cool place. - The staff is very friendly. The Bad - So... very.... slow....I'm not sure if she was new but the lady taking orders at the front counter was PAINFULLY slow. Watching her take the order of the couple of ahead of me was a lesson in patience. When it was my turn to place an order the experience was only slightly better.Once my order was taken it took more than 10 minutes just to get our Cinnamon Roll.. and it was cold! They didnt even take a moment to throw it in the microwave for 30 seconds.It took another 15 plus minutes beyond that for us to get our breakfast. By that time it had been more than 25 minutes since I ordered and my kids were bouncing out of their chairs with boredom. Considering how slow it was when we placed our order that is just WAY TOO LONG to wait for food.The Eh..The food was alright. If I take into consideration it cost $30 dollars it was a pretty poor experience. But on its own merit, the food was no better than OK. My biscuits and gravy were cold, the pancakes might have been OK but the syrup was terrible. Frankly, given the standards for great food set by Joe's across the street I expected way better and next time I'll just wait in line for the Farmhouse next door.
2	The first thing I noticed was its nice patio area.  The second thing was its stand-in-line order process.  I completely agree with Gabi M, as having to wait until you reach the cashier to ask questions regarding the menu is quite annoying for us, and for the patrons waiting behind us.My wife was going to order the Rancher Salad, as it came with  grilled steak and caramelized onions.  Interesting note: the menu doesn't mention that the steak comes pre-grilled, served cold.  Good thing we asked.  Cold meat didn't sound that appetizing, so she deferred to the Liberty Bowl + Pasta.I was going to order the Salmon Plate but become enamored with the wood fired pizza oven, and went with a Margherita pie.  Good thing!  The salmon comes cured and served cold (the online menu didnt mention that, but the store menu did).  I also ordered a cup of caprese pasta salad.While we waited near a boisterous table, we noticed how loud it can get inside, as it echos.My cavatappi pasta in my caprese pasta salad was fairly dry, although it did come with grape tomatoes and tiny balls of fresh Mozzarella cheese which were good.  I wouldn't order it again though.The cavatappi pasta also made an appearance in my wife's Liberty Bowl entree.  I would have opted for a penne or spaghetti or linguine, but am sure its much easier on the kitchen to have to prepare one pasta type.  I liked the sauce, but found the meatball to be almost chalky, but definitely crumbly, with a taste reminiscent of Chef Boyardee meat nads.  My wife didn't want to eat them.  I smooshed one on my plate and photographed it for your viewing pleasure.The saving grace was their wood fired pizza.  The crust was fantastic.  Thin but not cracker crisp.  It was crisp on the outside, but soft inside, with a great taste.  I highly recommend this menu item.  They used a fresh crushed tomato sauce, which was spot-on.  I commend them for this, as they could have opted for the easy way out, using the Liberty Bowl maranara sauce.Their dessert case did not contain many appealing offerings.  Most of them just looked dry.  For example, refer to my photos of the brownies and cinnamon rolls.  I agree with my wife.  If you are going to display something in a case for all to see, make sure its fresh and remains visually appealing.  If you're unable to accomplish this, why have a dessert case?  Where's the allure?Sorry Liberty Market.  Our first trip was very disappointing, which means it will probably be our last.
4	first time I have been there I did ask the cashier if the salmon on the menu at breakfast was lox..she said I don't know what lox are but explained to me it was thinly sliced on a salad I am still not quite sure what the dish is never the less I ended up having the maple turkey sausage 2 good size tubes w/eggs and potato's and a coffee the service was very attentive food was very good and ambience was delightful
5	Stopped in last night for a slice of their red velvet.. they make some of the best red velvet Ive tried, moist and flavorful! Another treat was being personally greeted by Chef Traina and Kiersten, just amazing people!!
4	Came here again with my wife on Sunday June 14.. We have eaten there before and I was just so-so on the food.. Well today I am a little more than pleased.. I had the Demi-Bfast again.. This time with the Turkey-Maple sausage.. The sausage is very good and flavorful..  My wife had the American bfast, the potatoes were very tasty today.. I ended up getting a Chocolate Truffle Cookie... WHOA. very chocoy and soft.. My wife had the Chocolate Chip cook loaded with chippies.. The owner Kierstan (sorry if I spelled it wrong, I gave you my business card-Jason L. Photography) was very nice, stopped by the table a couple times to ask how we were doing, if the food was good and just be nice!!Now I overheard her (Kierstan)  asking another table if they had visited the bathrooms ( I was like hmmm that's and odd question).. Well EVERYONE must visit the bathrooms here.. I ended up in the Vespa bathroom.. There is a bathroom with recipes written on the walls, one that is mostly black & red, with pics of tattoos people... Just check them out!!She was talking about the pizzas and suggested the "white" pizza next time. We will try this place for dinner I want to try a burger since she said her husband did the burgers over at DLUX in Phoenix... Anyone who reads this, WHY stand and wait for up to 1 hour at The Farmhouse next door? Their food is over priced and mainly average fare at best.. They would rather focus on volume than focus on quality.. Maybe they are 1 step above IHOP!!! Go next door to Liberty Market.. MUCH BETTER and less expensive!!
4	Deliciousness-
5	Being a West Valley girl, I was a bit excited about venturing to Gilbert to try something new. Liberty Market was pretty much awesome. After hearing it compared to La Grande Orange in Central Phoenix, I was intrigued. LGO is one of my favorite places to have a meeting or lunch with clients.....I can say that I liked Liberty Market even better! I had the White Pizza, as did one of my dinner companions, and it was very good AND reasonably priced. My other friend had the Far East salad with Chicken. All of us were very satisfied with our choices. It was not too crowded, but also was a Tuesday night around 6PM, so based on previous Yelpers statements I can see how it would be loud if it were crowded. I would definitely come back here! Too bad I live 40 miles away. But a girl can dream.....
5	Liberty Market is one of my favorite places in all of Gilbert.  Joe and his wife are excellent restaurant owners and very hospitable and the food is amazing.
5	I love LM in so many ways and on this visit I found one more thing to go absolutely mad for, the Sticky Bun. As I stood in line to order my dinner I heard something call out.. "eat me".. as I looked over into the baked goods display I heard it again.. "eat me".. as I cocked my head I leaned in and asked "are you talking to me?" I only heard silence but knew what was calling to me, it was the Sticky Bun. It was truly a sight to see, beckoning with its deep cinnamon brown color, adorned with glistening candied pecans and thick chewy glaze, I couldn't turn my head but to order with a finger point.. "Ill have that with a side of ice cream".. I felt as if I was in some sort of trance.. I cant look away! When my Sticky Bun was delivered to my table I couldn't help but stare into the caramel covered abyss. I wondered if I could get the whole thing into my mouth at once? What was I thinking? That would be complete and udder madness!! Let's be calm and rational about this. A gorgeous Sticky Bun calls to me from a pastry case and asks me to eat it. I'm simply fulfilling a last wish and request and boy did I, the Sticky Bun was absolutely delicious.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=sScx9DACVnL26MafdtQZ6A
5	Eat at Joes! This place, owned by Joe from Joe's Barbecue and Joe's Farm Grill lives up to the hype. I'm very picky where I choose to eat (never a TGIFriday's, Applebee's, etc) so I got this recommendation a few months back from Yelp. Boy is this different for Gilbert. Imagine, food that is delivered in a modern eclectic manner, served fast and at a very reasonable price. That's what you'll get at Liberty Market. I've eaten there 5 or 6 times now as we live just down the street. I can say for certain 2 things: 1. You can't out dress Joe... he's always the most fashionable in the room. 2. You will not be disappointed if you appreciate great tasting food served in a vibrant atmosphere. Joe: Kudos for bringing somethig different to the EV!
5	Only been there a couple times, both times food was great, great service, great coffee too. Woot for free wifi!
5	It's been a few months since my first review, so I thought I'd drop a quick line and let you know that Liberty Market is a good place.  The owners are awesome and caring - and the staff (called "the brigade") and really nice, too.Food portions are beyond generous.  Prices as low as $1.66 for an espresso or you can get a full sized, All American breakfast for $8.00.   The environment is welcoming and great for groups. No stress or worries about being rushed out.  Just an overall really nice "third place"
5	A few days ago I was in the vicinity of Liberty Market and decided it to give it a shot. I ordered the Tower Burger with St. Pete's Blue Cheese and Bacon. The burger was juicy and tasty. The added blue cheese and bacon made it even more scrumptious. The burger was accompanied by fresh Kettle Chips and three distinctly different dipping sauces. What sets Liberty Market apart from other places with a great burger is the great service. All the employees were friendly and engaging. Definitely looking forward to enjoying more tasty meals there.Oh and I don't forget to try the Ice Cream Sandwich. It consists of phenomenal vanilla ice cream sandwiched between Liberty's Chocolate Chip cookies then rolled in almonds, toffee and chocolate chips. It is out of this world.
5	Liberty Market is a wonderful restaurant run by absolutely great people. Kiersten and her husband (lead chef) Dave do their best to keep things running smoothly, but always have time to chat with you and genuinely listen to you. They're very passionate about delivering a great experience, and it shows, as Kiersten is there at all hours, on nearly every shift.Joe Johnston, the other partner (of Joe's Real BBQ fame) is tremendously friendly as well and usually behind the coffee bar, engaging customers and trying new things.Now to the food:Everything is quite fantastic. The grilled cheese was long my favorite, as simple as it sounds, with a bit of mayo and several cheese and a nice tomato, grilled perfectly and served with one of their great side salads--I always go with the caprese pasta salad.The burger is delicious. The rancher sandwich has a piece of filet with carmelized onion and arugula and is just amazing.Breakfast is great too. Really, there's nothing bad I can say about the food--my only feedback is that I'd love to see everything about a buck cheaper.Their minestrone soup is incredible, for someone who doesn't even like minestrone, and their meatballs are great as well.If you're there and enjoying yourself, take a trip to the bathrooms. On the way, you'll see the kitchen, through large plate glass windows, and each of the four bathrooms are designed by one of the partners for their own unique flair. Definitely a fun touch to a great dining experience. It's a bit of a drive if you're not on this side of the Valley, but it's really great food and a great price served by great people, all around.
3	Liberty Market is a highly experimental restaurant that has a long way to go.  My wife and I tried Liberty Market last December as a dinner and a show deal paired with the theatre next door.  The rain was pouring and as we dashed in the warmth of exposed rafters and good ambience reassured us we had made the right choice. That was where the fun ended.  For such a fancy looking place, the stand in line ordering was a little bit of a letdown.  We ordered a margherita pizza, unaware that the pizzas are barely a snack for a single person.  The pizza was good, though a little scorched, but the wood fired oven gave it a very nice artisinal touch.  We filled our drink cups at the oversized soda fountain and sat at a table that afforded a picture window view of Downtown Gilbert, and the feeling was cozy until the hardwood bench began to cramp my backside.  The food didn't take long to arrive, and the wait staff was friendly and helpful, if a little unnecessary. Apparently their only function is to serve the food and refill drinks, from the self serve fountain.  The real mystery came after our meal when we made our way past a very clean, completely empty kitchen.  It seemed extraneous, but must see more use during breakfast hours.  Then, arriving at the unisex washroom with highly decorated closet toilets providing little barrier between myself, my wife, and a fairly loud and smelly gentleman next to me, I was forced to flee screaming into the night.  I go back for the pizza, but only when my brain needs a little twisting.
4	lord knows i don't find myself in gilbert often, but if you do, it'd be criminal not to stop here. what a lovely, lovely place. i stopped with a slew of cohorts and was charmed by the decor, the menu and the service, which were - funky but clean, short but comprehensive and attentive & personable without being overbearing. though my friends were just going for coffee, i went for dinner and chose the smoked salmon place and the glazed carrots. both were delicious, presented well, etc. the coffee is the real star- we were amused by the "bowl" options and had been warned ahead of time. Ahead of time we'd been advised to "go cordadito" on the coffee.  excellent move. i wasn't overwhelmed with it, but my friends were and the presentation alone is worthwhile. this is a lovely place to pop into, at reasonable prices and staff that really goes out of their way.
5	Forgive me Joe for i have sinned . i visited your little restaurant a month ago for breakfast and never reviewed it..Yikes!!  Well here is the scoop I really enjoy the food, ambiance and downright hipness of Liberty .Can I can you Liberty?   The breakfast was super tasty and now I have eaten dinner here as well.  Hubby and I ventured out to Gilbert on our way to Pinetop ..yeah it's on the way. We split two entrees . Plus one had the Apricot Chicken, yummy  and generous with a grilled /slight char and a tasty apricot glaze that didn't scream sweet. The veggie with it was asparagus also grilled and a interesting sweet potato mash with a savory taste that I ignored because I kept loving the stuff on my plate.   For me I had a flat iron steak with a Chimchurri sauce that made me smile. I also had a garlic mash potato   which you cant go wrong with  and tasty grilled carrots . We also had the red velvet cake which had a smooth texture and a light cream cheese frosting that really made it. As always the service was friendly and prompt and made me want to come back.  Love the decor so updated modern farmy , how do they do that? I also love the unisex  bathrooms with recipes on the walls, yes I took pics hope the recipes turn out!
4	great space, urban/hip atmosphere. will definitely be back for the pasta bowl, but the molinari pizza was a huge mistake. lot's of parents vying for scarce high chairs. friendly staff. first time in old town gilbert...cute.UPDATEwent back for another go around. caprese pizza this time...so good with just the right amount of fresh basil. and couldn't pass up what has the be the best pasta bowl in the e. valley.
5	This is the sort of review that the Liberty Market powers that be might not want to associate themselves with.  They should read it, and then disavow it if need be.So we've been to LM a bunch of times.  I famously said that I'd eat myself to death on their red velvet cake (more on that later) but had marginally less success with the rest of the menu.Well all that changed two visits ago.  My wife ordered the italia salad, which is sort of like an antipasto salad with garbanzo beans, kalamata olives (the lone blight on the salad, but I can appreciate that that's only my opinion), and italian meats with lettuce and tomatoes and all.  Totally delicious.  And I ordered the italian sausage pizza which is actually amazing.  Totally delicious.  It comes with ricotta cheese and onions, the ricotta being delightfully creamy and the pizza, on the whole, being perfect in every way.  Thinish crust (but not too thin) and just really flavorful.We got all that last night, too, and it was amazing again, but the trip was marred by...the worst customer ever to live.  If you see a mushroom-shaped woman probably in her mid 40s, wearing a visor on her mushroom shaped head, and a t-shirt with "talk to the (paw print)" emblazoned on the front, look out.  You'll recognize her by her disconsolate husband/significant other, who carries around with him the ethos of a beaten pet.WOMAN: I'll have the (five thousand different desserts to go) and the pecan bar.  But NOT the pecan bar that was cooked on the side of the pan.  I HATE that.HAPLESS EMPLOYEE: Okay... what about that pecan bar right there.WOMAN: NO! Not that one.  Look. You can tell that that one was cooked on the side of the pan.  No, I want that one (the one predictably buried under thirty others).  That *should* be all right.  It looks okay.HAPLESS EMPLOYEE: Uh.  Okay.  Sure.WOMAN: (orders fifty more things)HAPLESS EMPLOYEE: (rings up woman. she pays.)WOMAN: And MAKE SURE that I don't get the pecan bar because (points credit card menacingly at HAPLESS EMPLOYEE) I am *very particular* about this.  If it doesn't look right, I will send it right back.HAPLESS EMPLOYEE: Okay (reassuringly).  We will.  Thank you.So I roll up behind her and give her a withering look as she turns away and commiserate with the homeboy at the bar.  Then we order, etc.A couple of pointers.  One) if my wife thinks you're an asshole, you are.  She's got a pretty long fuse for this sort of thing.  And yes, that's how come we're married.  Two) if you're fat, why would you act so... fat?  It just reinforces the fact that you're a great big fat person and what the hell?Fat person code: (I am an authority)1. Don't act like if you don't get the exact pecan bar you want, that your life is OVER.  It may be true, but for fucks sake.2. Don't order a disgustingly fatty triple-super-size quadruple burger with extra mayo and then a large diet coke.  You get laughed at when you do this.3.  I would say DO diet and exercise but I'm fat and I think those two things are profoundly boring.Anyway, I know this has dragged on but I talk so that I can hear myself talk, and the same generally applies to my writing.  BUT: If you are from LM, I HOPE YOU READ THIS BECAUSE...Our red (please see updated below) velvet cake last night was (sorry about the parentheticals but the yelp-bots are to blame.) terrible**.  TERRIBLE!  We got it to go and whoever served it to us either grossly misunderstood the quality of what they were serving, or they should be fired.  I have (albeit indirect) experience with Joe (the owner/conceptual mastermind) and I am certain that if he knew that this five day old, dried up piece of cake were being given to customers, he would be upset. There were even two people in line ahead of me trying to decide between the carrot and red velvet and I told them they should get red velvet, hands down.  YOU MADE A LIAR OUT OF ME, LIBERTY MARKET!  And for this, I won't forgive you unless I get a free slice of (do I even need to specify "fresh") red velvet cake.Having said all of that, every restaurant has it's moments, bad or good, and I forgive that and on the strength of the usual red velvet perfection and the deliciousness of everything else, I give LM five stars.__________________**Red Velvet Update: I have been in twice since and this most recent time, Kiersten (one of the owners) gave me a new piece of red velvet cake.  And a pecan bar, from the middle of the pan no less!  But I want to make this clear, just in case it isn't: I love liberty market--it's exceptional.  And I really want everyone to know that I've had the RV cake many times before *and since* and it has, every time, been amazing.  I still hold that it is the best piece of cake I've ever had.  So it clearly was an aberration this time.  And the carrot cake is almost as good.  Really.  The bread pudding is totally sublime.  If you get a dessert there, you won't be disappointed.  I promise
4	Having dined here around a dozen times for various meals in the past two months, I figured it was time to write a review for Liberty Market.Liberty Market has lived up to their own stated principles with amazing regularity and I applaud the owners and staff on this accomplishment. Too often businesses fail to even have guiding principles, let alone meet them.Overall rating of good to awesome on the food, and a rating of very good on the staff - with a nod to outstanding service provided by Kiersten on a couple of occasions.Of particular recommendation: The biscuits and gravy, the tower burger, the best chicken sandwich, and the bacon. Also the E-61 bar!While some people complain about the selectiveness of a customer, as a paying customer is not my correct place to choose the item I wish to pay for? You may say, "all the pieces taste the same." If they do then your taste buds need an upgrade. Liberty Market has provided consistently satisfying food with a polite and competent staff. I look forward to dining there again and bringing friends.Thus sayeth the "beaten pet" and "mushroom shaped" lady.
3	Dear cooks of liberty market, Please visit and work at any village inn to learn how too cook eggs. This is the second time I've ordered over easy eggs and they were very over cooked to the point where they were brown on the bottom and brown on the top. I was at one time early in my life a cook for years so this task is the easiest you should have mastered and it was not busy at all. While I sat across three ladies having a nice breakfast I could see that her scrambled eggs were also brown and burned. 1. Grill too hot? 2. Not cleaning the grill between orders? 3. Using olive oil or butter or non stick spray? All three behave different under different levels of heat.So owners of this business spend a few dollars and have them learn the ins and outs of different ways to prepare eggs and not to burn them.
5	I finally made it out to Liberty Market on Sunday!! I really had a good time here, and had a really positive experience. What a great experience. Upon walking in, I saw that they had a little area selling stuff, like sauces, noodles and a bunch of other stuff. Very aesthetically pleasing to my eye. I really like how this place is decorated. Clean, modern, but understated. Cute! They have shopping carts full of product to buy, such as Olives, and other stuff. The staff greeted me warmly, and handed us menus. I saw the red velvet cake in the case, but never ended up ordering any. Patrick and I studied the menu, ordered at the counter. The register girl seemed young, and had an idea of what she was doing, but ultimately, never got our sense of humor. We were joking with her, and she didn't think we were all that funny, or was being to serious to laugh. I wont hold it against her, because she was young, but it was entertaining the say the least. Cute. I cant remember what Patrick had, but I went with the burger, fries, and a drink. We also got an appetizer of the pizza thing with Hummus. Delicious! I love the dishes here too. Totally my style of a place. My hamburger was amazing! Delicious! mmmmmm. I love a good burger!Service was amazing here for us to. Staff made sure we had a good time and checked on us continuously. I liked that.  I will return in the future!
4	omg   flatened meatballs as a breakfast meat..... genius.....great flavors potatoes must of had alot of  fat    fantastic.......eggs nice and fluffy.... biscit .....very good    can you tell i liked it maybe one of the best breakfast in town............................great space as well
5	Loved it. I had no idea this place was even here. This is one of my new favs now. I had the sloppy Joe (I know) but it was huge, sloppy and amazing.  The man himself "Chuck Reynolds" and I ate here (he introduced me to it) and he had an egg salad sandwich that looked amazing too. I wanna go back and try everything on the menu ... It looked that good. AND they have coke zero. Business that have coke zero - automatic 5 stars. LOL
4	Liberty market is a great place to meet friends or family for a good, casual meal. The work that has been put into this space has payed off, and the pride the owners take in their business is evident.I've been here four times, once for lunch and the other times for dinner. They have a good menu that has expanded from my early visits. You order and pay at the counter. The pros of counter service far outweighed the cons every time I've visited. Joining a group of friends is as simple as saying hi, placing your order at the counter, and sitting down. This style of service really shines when I attend with #evfn. Very few restaurants handle our group of 40+ with so little hassle. This makes for a great place to hang out and meet up with people.When I had lunch here I had soup and a half size farmer's salad, the combo was on special. The minestrone hit the spot, and the salad was full of crisp, fresh vegetables. The salad and sandwich selection is good enough that I'd eat lunch here a few times a week if I lived or worked closer. For dinner the burger is my recommendation of the things I've tried. It was juicy and came with a good selection of condiments. I haven't had the opportunity to sample much of the new dinner menu. The grilled chicken pasta is pretty good, and I'm looking forward to trying the steak or the apricot glazed chicken on my next visit. I also hope to try their breakfast soon, I hear good things.My only complaint is that the brewed tea by the soda fountain usually tastes old to me. No biggie, more reason to stick to drinks from E-61. The E-61 espresso bar makes some of the best drinks I've had in Phoenix. I can recommend the toddy, the chai tea, and the giant bowl of caffe mocha.
5	I'm a big Liberty Market fan and way overdue on this review. I'm also a big Joe Johnston fan. Think he's a great guy & love that he's about great AZ food, drink, coffee & gelato/ice cream - and not just his own stuff.I've been to Liberty Market a host of times and enjoyed it each one. This past one, I went by for EVTM (East Valley Thursday Morning) and hung out with 40-50 friends & strangers.I ate breakfast at LM for the first time and it was stellar. I got the demi-breakfast (scrambled eggs, meatball & pancake) and a bowl-a-ccino. The giant bowl of cappuccino was excellent, as is all the coffee I've had there. It was quite pretty as well with a very nice pour. I thought the food was remarkable too - especially the scrambled eggs which were perfectly done (little bit soft) and the meatball (was hint of wonderful cheese in it - Parmigiano-Reggiano or something similar?). Super yum. While I thought the pancake was great as well, the other 2 were the standouts for me.I also love the decor & ambiance of LM. I love how casual it is and how easy it is to feel comfortable with your family & friends. I think the ordering mechanics lend to that - you order at the counter & take your number to a table of your choice.The building just reeks of character, with exposed brick and is beautifully decorated in kind of a retro vibe. The bathrooms are also very cool.In past visits we've also had the meatballs, the rancher sandwich and some of the pizzas, which were all excellent.If LM wasn't so far from our house, I know with certainty that it would be one of our regular haunts.
5	I am continually pleased at the awesome food and customer service here.It just keeps getting better!
5	I love Liberty Market. I grew up in Gilbert and remember when this was a small grocery store. I've been wanting to check this place out since the conversion and I'm so glad I finally stopped by. It was perfect. This place just feels like home. Casual, but warm. When we walked in my friend and I were lost and didn't know where to start. Luckily one of the staff quickly handed us menus and told us where to order. I had a couple of caramel iced lattes and the Liberty Bowl. I loved both. The Liberty Bowl came with 4 big meatballs in marinara sauce and and two slices of toasted bread. It was so hard narrowing down my choice because there were so many delicious looking items on the menu and the baked goods display kept calling my name, but I resisted. Next time I think I'll just give in and have a slice of red velvet or carrot cake, or a cup cake or a slice of zucchini bread or a sticky bun. So much to choose from. I would love to come back here and have a coffee and sit and enjoy the atmosphere at the espresso bar. Loved all the different themes in the bathroom stalls. You have to check each one out. Joe was there and stopped by each table to see how everyone was doing. We spent so much time here chatting and catching up. It's a great place to come and hang out. I will be back soon.
4	I am so happy I found a place like this on the east side. It kinda reminds me of LGO but more accessible and spacious, I have found parking close by every time. I'm a sucker for downtown areas and rebuilt old buildings that are also well designed (the bathrooms are a must-see) and I love all the natural lighting from the big windows. It's been a little too chilly to sit on the patio, but it's tucked away from the road a bit, so I bet you'll find me there come springtime. I keep coming back for the latte bowl. It's fantastic and stays hot for like an hour. We had a pizza last week which was really good, but yesterday ordered the breakfast quesadilla and although it was humongous (enough for two), it was kinda greasy on the inside. Everything else I have had has been really good though. I am totally looking forward to the Espresso 101 and 102 classes I keep hearing about. I also want to try their other restaurant "Joes BBQ" across the street. I've heard good things about that place too.
5	What a breath of fresh air! Finally, a market concept done RIGHT! Awesome branding, excellent design, friendly staff. I felt so at home! The food was amazing: fresh deli turkey, cranberry, Brie with a light tang of horseradish. And the sweet potato salad was a great new try. I love how every detail was addressed: well, but not oversized coffee mugs, great china, even the beverage station had the perfect set of utensils for my self-service coffee. One critique would be breakfast. It ends at 11a on weekdays and 1p on weekends. As an avid breakfast all-day advocate, this disappoints me. Think about extending those hours! LGO did it with great success. Overall, HUGE fan. If you haven't gone, check it out!!
4	O K this is it my last review ON  liberty market I THINK YOU GET IT took some friends here yesterday for breakfast I had the breakfast quisadilla WITH CHORIZO .................FANTASTIC.......the rest of the party had eggs/potatoes/biscit/meat all raves on tastyness the women sitting next to us was raving about the lunch/dinner menu as well that will be next on our agenda.............GREAT SPOT......THANKS JOE
5	Just plain and simple loved it. Came in this morning to get breakfast, first time I had been here for breakfast. Started off with a Mocha bowl and it was awesome! Might be back again this week and will need to add a shot of Jameson to it. As for breakfast I ordered the Demi-Breakfast: two eggs scrambled, pancake and flattened meatball. All I can say is very tasting the meatball with the eggs was a great flavor combo. Service = awesome. Food = awesome. Atmosphere = awesome. Will be back many times. Thank you Joe for having these great places to eat and thank you to your staff for taking care of all the customers the way they do.
5	Had a reat lunch there. Fresh ingredients and exceptionally friendly staff. A little loud for a quiet conversation but go for the food & service
5	Wow... what a surprise Liberty Market is. I'd lived in the east valley for about 3 years before ever setting foot in Liberty Market. It honestly doesn't look much different from the outside than all of the other places I've never set foot in inside downtown Gilbert (although that's probably MY problem, not theirs). But, with help from a lot of friends who swear by Liberty Market (and seeing them be so interactive on social media sites, like twitter), I have now been there multiple times. Their food is amazing, I have yet to be disappointed by anything they have served. Ice Cream Cookie Sandwich, FTW :)
5	Great place for a meal, beer, or coffee.  They really are able to make it all work, one of my favorite places in the valley, and I'm willing to make the drive from Tempe just to get their espresso which is one of the best I've had in Phoenix.  Staff is so much fun, food is fresh and the ingredients are top notch.
5	I can hardly think of a better place to start a weekend than with a breakfast  at Liberty Market. Take a good friend and split an American Standard with meatballs, or just go with a "small" item on the breakfast menu (it won't be that small!) Wash it down with some OJ, a delicious mocha, or just some water. Break out the laptop if you're too busy to really relax, cuz they have free wifi! Still hungry? Pick something from their pastry case (I HIGHLY recommend their grilled, or regular, bread pudding.)
4	Me likey. Call me cheap (hey, we are on a budget)(isn't everyone?). But I like the walk-up counter (ala Pei Wei) that has good food and a good environment. This has all of those. Creativity and quality oozes from all of Joe's spots. The menu is constantly changing. The environment is relaxing. And the coffee is taken very seriously. :) Check out each of the different themed bathrooms. My wife and I usually split a salad and either a pizza or even a sloppy joe. Then coffee and dessert. If you like bbq, that's right across the street at Joe's BBQ. This is one of our fav date spots.
5	I can't really say enough about Liberty Market. The place is beautiful, comfortable, friendly and the service is awesome. I haven't had anything that I didn't like. From the wood fired pizza to the delectable salads, everything on the menu is worth every penny. For me though, it's all about the Cortadito (espresso drink) and the pastries. These are completely off the chart awesome! You simply MUST try them!Another great plus to this place is that on just about any given day, you can visit and see Joe (the owner), hanging out, chatting with customers and all around having a great time. Joe is truly one of the nicest and most sincere people I have ever met. Makes Liberty Market all the more worth visiting.Oh! As weird as it sounds, you have to check out the bathrooms, they are the best I have ever seen. (seriously)
5	Liberty Market is my favorite place to go for good coffee, good food, good people.  The staff makes that place what it is.  They are friendly, efficient, and just genuinely good people.  The espresso bar is by far my most favorite part of this establishment.  You always meet a new person at that bar while enjoying a nice cup of coffee.  I typically work on my laptop while there and chat with the baristas and other patrons.  The food is beyond delicious.  Most entres are very filling and do yourself a favor and try the red velvet cake.  They always have something new from the baker worth trying.  The owners are all great people who will do anything for their customers.  Like previous posts, do yourself a favor and check out the bathrooms, I prefer the chef's.  See you at the E-61 Bar.
5	Liberty Market is the closest thing to La Grande Orange that the East Valley has. The staff is very courteous, and the food is so fresh and tasty. I love the Demi Breakfast (bacon pancake, eggs,grilled meatball - yes I said grilled meatball - toast & fruit) and the little shots of Cuban coffee for breakfast, and the pizza and salads for lunch or dinner. The baked goods are out of this world! (think red velvet cake and gigantic cinnamon rolls). Joe, the owner, is there quite a bit and is very nice - as are the rest of the staff. It's just a nice, pleasant, cool place to eat, drink coffee or shop for kitschy gifts and knick-knacks.Love it!
5	I go to Liberty market as often as I can. The food here is great! I've tried many things from all 3 menus and have not been disappointed by any of them! I'm now also hooked on the cortadito (sp?) because Joe bought me one just to prove how good they were! Everyone is always friendly and the food usually comes out fast. I really cant think of any complaints!! keep up the good work and if you have never been here, definitely try it!!
4	Cool place, a bit of a throw back to a less hectic time. The food is great, have a rancher with some sweet potatoe salad.
5	Great everything.  We were met at the door, shown the layout and given advice on the menu.  The food was amazing.  The apricot chicken was very, very good.  My wife loved the flat iron steak.  Great place.
4	We have tried and tried to love, even like this place, but every time the food is just OK.  The cortaditos (coffee) are great and the staff is nice.  I really want to love their food, because I love Joe's Farm Grill.  I'm sure I'll try again because they do let us bring our puppy on the patio.*** UPDATE***I was so surprised to het an e-mail from Joe Johnston who wanted to know how he could make things better.  He sent us a small gift card so I had to give them one more chance.  SO, we were happy with our food.  I still am not a big fan of their egg selections but I had the smoked salmon platter and it was lovely.  We talked to the co-owner and told her we were giving it another chance and she was so sincere and sweet.  Bottom line - we've been back twice and will probably continue, especially while the weather is so nice and we can sit on the patio.
4	I like it.
5	Met friends here for lunch and loved it. The staff was friendly and attentive, and the food was wonderful. I had a chicken salad sandwich and the roast sweet potato salad. Mmmm! Highly recommended.After thinking about it, I upped this to five stars. There was nothing to improve upon but the crowd, but that's not really a bad thing. :)
5	This place never ceases to amaze. One of the best breakfast places in Phoenix. The Sicilian scramble is a favorite--though the smashed meatball was great. We finally went back for dinner the other night and for the first time I had a burger. It should not be surprising that is was fantastic. Atmosphere is great, service is great, and the food is great--just go!
4	My wife has been wanting to try this place for some time now so we decided to meet 2 friends of ours there on Sunday for brunch.  I was not as thrilled to try this place because I thought it was going to be yet another typical breakfast place just like all the rest.  I just hate going out to battle the Sunday breakfast crowds just to have the same ole' omelet or other run-of-the-mill breakfast item that tastes the same as every other place.I convinced myself that the parking situation was going to be a complete clusterfuq like it is at just about any other trendy breakfast spot in Scottsdale, but it was quite the opposite.  There is ample free parking and we found a spot without hassle.  I was surprised to see that the area actually wants people there instead of making it a complete pain to visit like some areas up north.  It just pisses me off when the idiots of Scottsdale rope off 100 more parking spots then they need and use it for valet parking.  Ok, my rant is over.Anyway, upon arrival at the Liberty Market there was a giant line and the place was real busy.  I expected this but was a bit pissed.  Luckily our friends saved us a place in line so it wasn't that bad.  I would advise coming as early as possible to avoid any crowds.  We ordered our food, took our seats and waited about 10-15 minutes for our food.  A bit long but it was expected because of how busy it was.Their breakfast menu is not huge and had the staples as well as some unique items on it.  I ordered the Western Scramble and it was excellent!  I love meaty and cheesy when it comes to eggs and this was perfect.  I was a bit skeptical of the horseradish sauce that comes with it but I think it actually makes the meal.  It was an awesome combination.  My wife ordered the grilled vegetable scramble with egg whites and it was excellent as well.  We especially enjoyed the fresh biscuit and honey that came with our meals.  I also recommend the scone which our table shared.  The scones come with a side of fresh whip cream which was delightful.Anyway, I was a big fan of the breakfast and would definitely come back if I am in the area again come breakfast/brunch time.....or maybe even lunch time because their salads and sandwiches looked great!I am a big fan of that little stretch of Gilbert Road and there are a few other places along it I would like to try in the near future.  I can't wait to go to Joe's BBQ which is right across the street.
4	Went for lunch today. I ordered the grilled sausage pizza made with the local Shriner's sausage. My dining companion ordered the Italia sandwich. We ordered at the counter and found the prefect table outside on the patio. The food took a few minuets to arrive, but it was fantastic. The pizza had a thin crust and very flavorful toppings. The sandwich was pressed and had an interesting sweet aftertaste we could not figure out. The atmosphere was great and they obviously allow pets on the patio as there were a few dining with their owners. I will be back and I will be bringing my big goofy puppy!
3	So, my pal and I stopped in here the other day to take a look-see around. The decor was inviting and it was all a buzz with customers. Seemed interesting enough. After moseying over to the mini market area to see several random things, including an all-in-one survival tool and a spoon with bendable arms and legs (this I bought!), I decided I needed some coffee. Stat. I put in my order for some Cuban espresso. Then I oogled and drooled over their pastry section. I was tempted to pick up a slice of carrot cake for my dad. It's his favorite. Time ticked by. And then, after 10 minutes, I was asked what I was waiting for. Coffee. Simple enough, right? Apparently I should have gone to the OTHER bar to order. The one with the espresso machines. But it was mad busy at the time, so I did what any college-educated java-drinker would do: I went to the first available associate. And she took my order. And my money. But she failed to let the other girl behind the OTHER bar know that I needed some caffeine. Not to fear, my order was taken care of, apologies were said more than once and I got a free cookie out of it. By the way, that truffle chocolate cookie was AMAZING. So was the Cuban espresso. Definitely worth checking out. Hopefully they get that ordering glitch fixed soon.
4	Mrmhrmmehfhe.  Sorry, I started this review while still eating.  Ok, not really because nothing was going to tear me away from my meal.  I have never been let down by the food at Liberty Market, and when another place didn't work out, I dragged my friend here for her first visit.  They were packed, but that didn't stop the staff from being super friendly and taking the time to answer all of our questions.  After securing a seat, it was only a short time before our meals were delivered and the nom nom nom commenced.  I actually don't think we talked much during the meal at all, we were more interested in eating!I had a juicy Tower Burger while my friend got the Grilled Chicken Pasta.  We were both impressed with the serving size, but it wasn't obscene like some places - filling and just enough that we were full but not uncomfortable.I only wish I had room left for dessert.
3	I love Joe's Farm Grill, and was excited to try Liberty Market. We had passed by numerous times, and had peeked in once or twice. The decor is awesome. And the food is good. I'm a pizza snob, and theirs did not disappoint.I think I need to try this again, though, in order to justify another star. It was good, quality, but not sure I was really impressed.
5	Well, this was my first time in Gilbert and my friend Amy took me here after we were off-roading all afternoon and it was nice to pull into this chill laid back spot.They have a good selection of wine & beer and the food is pretty tasty and reasonably priced too.  I didn't get to try the carrot cake or red velvet cakes which looked delectable but heard that they both rocked so I'll have to check those out on my return visit whenever that might be...
4	I'm a big Liberty Market fan and a big Joe Johnston fan as well.  Both this place and Joe's BBQ rock but lets focus on Liberty Market.  Liberty market has one of the greatest atmospheres.  You just always feel at home in this place even when its your first time coming here. The food has always been good, I have tried quite a few dishes here and have always been very happy.  My favorite dish though is the burger.  Get it with some blue cheese and use all of their wonderful burger sauce that you get with the plate and just enjoy.  One thing I MUST mention about Liberty market is the Cortadito.  I know most people have no idea what a Cortadito is.  Well its a cuban style espresso shot which is sweetened with sugar as it is being brewed with a little foamed cream on top.  Or you could also just call it coffee heaven.  if you like coffe at all you MUST get this and try it.  I tend to have two bowls of Cortadito lately every time i go there.  I just cant get enough of it So long story short is; get your butt to liberty market right now. Don't ask questions just go.  If I didn't live 35 miles from this place I would be there probably every day.  Its just one of those places you want to hang out at and relax.
5	Joe Johnston is one of the best things to ever happen to Gilbert!  We love Joe's Real BBQ and LOVE Joe's Farm Grill... but our favorite restaurant is now Liberty Market!  We've been there at least 10 times and it's the place we always want to take our friends and family.Our menu selections have never disappointed, from the Best Chicken Sandwich to the White Pizza to the Tower Burger to the decadent Red Velvet cake that's as big as your head!  The espresso bar is awesome too.The staff is always smiling, friendly and working hard!  Thank you to Joe for making this place a reality in Gilbert.  LOVE IT!
4	02/07/10What a fun and inviting space!  I loved it!  If it weren't for the fact that I was on my way to join some friends at their house to watch the Super Bowl, I would've stayed here longer!  (My first, and so far only, visit lasted three hours.)  Liberty Market reminded me of Scottsdale's The Kitchen, but geared more towards the younger crowd- college, young upstarts, thirty-somethings (who here miss that show?), and the young-at-heart.  Loved the whimsically retro mini "giftshop."  I would later on come to find that the restrooms here are reasons enough (five, to be more precise) for a visit!  Maybe it's just me, but it's the quirky touches such as these that make destinations like Liberty Market and brother company Joe's Farm Grill stand out from the pack.  (Although I must admit enjoying LM's restrooms MUCH better than JFG's (check out my review!).So, what did I eat??  Only one of the tastiest white pizza and farmer's salad I've ever had.  The thin-crust pizza wasn't as crispy as I'd like (I'm very finicky), but this pizza was bursting w/ so many flavors!  With grilled chicken, crunchy and chopped thick-cut bacon, parmesan cream sauce, smoky mozzarella, peppery arugula, and pine nuts, how could it not?? Can you believe I ate the entire thing??  Well, OK- I did shave off half of the crust (the soggy center), but nary a chicken chunk, lean bacon (I trimmed off the fatty layers, which there weren't much to begin w/, as these chopped pieces were grilled crisp-to-perfection!), nor arugula leaf escaped my ever-vigilant fingers!  And what about the farmer's salad?  (BTW, you may find its recipe on the walls of one of the themed restrooms.)  It, too, was quite scrumptious, if a bit too salty, and contained lightly-roasted vegetables, mixed greens, heavy on the palatable sesame-crusted croutons, and a really great lemon vinaigrette.  I'd be hard-pressed not to order these again on my next visit, but I am determined to try other selections as they sound so appealing.LM's layout made it fun to look around and get a feel of the place and what it has to offer.  The desserts looked so tantalizing that, on one of my next visits, I may have to consider throwing caution to the wind (food allergies), and select one to have with an Americano or a cafe latte from the espresso bar.  Oh, the choices I have to make...
5	One does not expect to find such a gem in Gilbert: great quality coffee, exquisite service and a menu that is nothing short of divine. Once you  learn the past culinary excursions of the owner Joe J, you understand. This java mogul is responsible for the violently successful Coffee Plantation and Joes BBQ, but lets not talk anymore about the Vuitton wielding entrepreneur. Liberty Markets chef David Traina is brilliant, his use of simple ingredients and modern takes on classic dishes is a breath of fresh air. Simple, honest food that does not try to be the El Bulli of Gilbert. The E61 bar is the perfect place for chic writers who enjoy a french press and good conversation. Thank you Liberty Market for showing me that Gilbert does have its well rounded individuals. For those of you who walk on you're knuckles and have negative things to say about L.M there is a Ihop down the street.
4	i really like this place.  i have only been there for breakfast.  they have a cute little market in the front.  great for bread mixes and what nots.  great outside seating.  really like the coffe bar.  it reminds me of something i would of have in napa CA.
5	The interior is very industrial and charming; furnished with iron beams, brick walls and simple hanging lightbulbs. The lobby area has special imported drinks and other trinkets. There is always a line but it usually goes pretty quick because you're distracted by all of their deserts and miscellaneous goodies on display. I've never had a meal that wasn't awesome here. I usually find myself eating the simple but delicious Liberty Joe with their special spicy sauce and then finishing the meal off with a home-made snicker-doodle. Whatever you end up ordering, I'm sure you'll end up enjoying Liberty Market as greatly and as frequently as I do!
5	Came here for a late last minute Mother's Day lunch.  We got the Rancher Salad, the Arizona Pressed Sandwich w/a side of the artichoke salad, the White Pizza & a slice of Carrot Cake.  All the dishes and sides were wonderful and the service was super friendly and prompt.  The ambiance was also really chill and the outside patio was very cute.I think this is my new favorite place in downtown Gilbert.  Will have to come back to check out their breakfast offerings.
5	First of all, this place is awesome.  The ambiance is clear and special - open and inviting.  The menu is full of tantalizing and tempting meals, simple and just enough food to fill the belly and leave a smile on my face.I had the caprese sandwich and hummus.  The sandwich was layered and full, but not overwhelming.  There was just enough balsamic to tease my palate and make me want more!I hope to return on a day that I can lounge a bit over coffee and dessert rather than hurry a bit through lunch.  I cannot wait to tackle one of the mouthwatering red velvet cake slices...
4	I LOVE this place (Liberty Market)...have been many times for both lunch and dinner.  Big fan of the sweet potato salad for a side. The atmosphere and food are outstanding. They have a great patio and really cool bathrooms (be prepared, they're unisex). The location in the heart of downtown Gilbert is also very cool...great to go for a walk after your meal. I'm a harsh critic...hard to give 5 stars to anyone (would give 4.5 if allowed).
5	How do you start off a review when you're simply flabbergasted? Liberty Market has flabbergasted me. What a place. It is so unassuming from the street, almost leaving you wondering if you're in the right place, but then you walk through those doors and feel like you've been transported to some magical dream world. Here's a word of warning, I will be gushing until the end of this review.       I asked my dear Kristen to find us a new restaurant last night for dinner, and she, through a very unorthodox way, found us Liberty Market. I asked her if she was sure it was a restaurant and not a market, she said yes, and we were off. While driving over to Gilbert she let me know that the owner of Liberty Market was also the owner of Joe's BBQ and Joe's Farm Grill, this excited me to no end because those two places are wonders themselves, masterfully put together and designed, if I may say so myself, and Liberty Market is no different.       Sitting next to a fun water park of sorts (a great place for photography), it is set in beautiful downtown Gilbert, and right when we walked in the door we were greeted by every employee under the sun, it seemed even the chefs ran out from the kitchen to say hello. Now, this was not because it was slow, there were quite a few people there, not quite busy, but hopping for sure, they simply are awesome employees. The atmosphere here is incredible and the interior has a wonderful modern design, there is even a "market" where you can purchase various drinks and old timey trinkets. The salad and bread chefs conversed with us and explained how the market worked, so we sat ourselves down, looked over a menu, and picked our delights for the night.       Kristen stuck with tea, while I had an Anchor Brewing "Liberty Ale" as we began our meal sharing the starter pizza, a delicious, light, grilled flat bread with olive oil, pecorino romano, rosemary and hummus to dip it in. We were already hooked with just the starter. The bread was so good, warm and airy, the cheese had a perfect bite and the hummus was a perfect topper, nothing too heavy and nothing too lite, simply a delicious starter, leaving us ready for the next tasty morsel. I ordered the flatiron steak with chimichurri sauce, garlic smashed potatoes, and fresh from the ground grilled vegetables. The steak... oh boy, the steak... it was so flavorful, cooked perfectly, not tough at all, I'm having a hard time finding words to describe the deliciousness, it was just so good. The chimichurri sauce added a wonderful dimension, it was light but flavorful, never overpowering. I thought the potatoes were awesome, a great blend of big delicious fresh chunks of potato and small hunks of garlic, and the vegetables (carrots and asparagus) had a wonderful grilled taste that brought out their natural goodness. A truly special and wonderful dish. Kristen ordered the liberty bowl with pasta (essentially spaghetti and meatballs) and loved it. The meatballs were big and filling, wonderfully seasoned and cooked. The marinara sauce was done really well, tangy and rich with an intoxicating aroma and the noodles were tender yet had a good bite to them. I am by no means a pasta man, and I thought it was terrific. With every bite, we each were just overwhelmed with our plates. The food at Liberty Market seems to have been very well planned out with careful seasoning and incredible ingredients.       We will be back to Liberty Market, many many times. You simply have to try it, you will see what I mean, see why it's so special. Also, don't leave without visiting the restrooms, all of them, peek inside each one. I love cool restaurant bathrooms, and these are some of the best.
5	I mean srsly... who doesn't love a communal wash area?!Liberty Market is easily not only my favorite East Valley Eatery, but just plain hang out spot. The wifi, quality coffee, smiling employees and friendly service are only a fraction of what makes this place awesome. It's attention to detail, delicious eats and creative vibe are second to none. I deeply appreciate how involved they are in the community, and the owner Joe is always a tweet or email away and always has a smile and something nice to say.I look back fondly on my unemployed summer of '09 as much of it was spent drinking soy lattes at the E61 bar and chatting it up with friends over salads and desert at Liberty Market. Joe, keep up the good work!
3	Just a little update -- we were greeted at the door by a very friendly "host" and he mentioned that we "should find a table before we order as it gets busy" which totally discredit the way they used to do things. HUGE IMPROVEMENT! Thanks!ANOTHER UPDATE: As of the 25th, apparently when it starts getting cramped, a nice employee will come by and "reserve" a table for you. I guess this is supposed to ease the anxiety of "where to sit, where to sit"...It's a nice addition. But, I still think a place like this deserves servers.
5	This place is amazing!  It is by far the hippest and best food in all of downtown Gilbert.  I would pick it over BBQ any day of the week.Their bread pudding is to die for.  All their pizza and sandwiches are good.  Their pancakes rock!  I could eat here every day and never tire of their menu.LOVE this place.  We just moved from NYC and have had a HARD time finding good food in the area.  This place beats them all :)
5	Most menu items are exceptional while a few are more average.  Pizza, breakfast plates, salads and coffee bar are exceptional.  I've found many of the baked goods to be less moist than I like, such as the cinnamon rolls, bread pudding, and cakes.  Once you find your favorites though, you'll have plenty of reason to come back again and again.Liberty Market offers a lot more than quality dishes though.  The atmosphere is unique and inviting.  It's a cool meet up place for groups, whether that be family, friends or colleagues.   Additionally, the service is always excellent.  It's a very tightly run operation in many ways, which makes it a 5 for me.  It has really enhanced the look and value of the Heritage District in Gilbert.
4	GIVE ME LIBERTY OR GIVE ME...you know what just give me Liberty Market and call it good.  You can keep that death thing.I love the design here - very fresh.  I especially liked the bathrooms.  Liberty Market has cool bathrooms.  There, I said it.  900 reviews and I've never talked about cool bathrooms before.  Liberty Market may have some of the coolest bathrooms in the valley.We met friends & fellow Yelpers Kevin H & Marian H for dinner here last Sunday.  The wonderful Audrey & I decided to share a burger and a pizza.  The burger was juicy and tasty.  The pizza was about a 10" pie in the hand-tossed rustic style.  Very good.We finished off with a  slice of red velvet cake to share.  We couldn't finish it.  Some of the cake and a slice of pizza made it home to be devoured by the kids.Liberty Market has a nice relaxing atmosphere that is a little hard to pin down.  It's not fine dining but it feels pretty upscale considering you order cafeteria style.  I'll be back for sure.
4	Always good food... and the staff is really nice. Their minestrone soup is incredible - add some chicken... as is their cobb salad... and their homemade ice cream sandwiches.If you belly up to the coffee bar.. ask for Theresa - she's fun, knowledgeable, and pulls a mean coffee... ! =)
4	Great fresh salads and fresh new flavors for their slice of the day.  Perfect for lunch inside or outside on the nice shaded patio.  Plus I love it when you tell your server you're splitting something and they do the work for you and bring it on two plates.
4	Thank you to Joe J for bringing some more quality dining to the East Valley.  We are no longer forced to decide between the Red Lobster and Hal's House of Grisly Steaks.  The place has evolved and aged well over its brief history.  Think of the place as a less pretentious La Grande Orange.  And the food is becoming as good as anything offered over there.  This is one of the reasons that this little corridor of old Gilbert is perhaps the only true "destination" in the East Valley.  Great area, great dining, and great authenticity.
4	This deli style restaurant has everything you want.  Good service, inviting atmosphere, super clean appearance and most of all freshly prepared food that is attractive and delicious!I had the Salmon BLT.  I did not even have to ask the friendly order taker to make the bacon crisp or the salmon to be slightly charred.  Everything about this wonderful sandwhich was perfect.  To be honest, I would switch out the the shredded iceberg lettuce for spinach leaves.  Still the sandwhich was terrific with it's nice proportion and the aioli sauce to bring it all together.My dining comanion had the spinach and sirloin salad which was also completely finished at the end of the meal.  By the looks of the empty bowl it came in- it must have been really good!There are some other items on the menu I look forward to trying out next time, like the wood fired pizzas and the burgers.Great location in the heart of old town Gilbert.  Galleries and other small businesses are in the same area.A great find.  I will definitely go back!
4	This is another home run from the people who brought us such wonderful places as Joe's BBQ and Joe's Farm Grill. Liberty Market is excellent for breakfast, lunch, dinner, dessert or just coffee. Yes, I know because I spent many a day/morning/night studying for the bar exam here. They have a nice selection of beers and wine for dinner (or a particularly heinous lunch study session). For lunch, the Maiden Lane sandwich or the Farmer are my favourites and their pasta salad is an excellent side. For dinner, burgers are always good but so is the "Best Chicken Sandwich" which really is very good. For dessert, I always like their homemade chocolate chip cookie ice cream sandwich with a glass of champagne. The market is also really nice for cute gifts and food items. Also, check out the bathrooms, seriously. Very clever and cute.This place is awesome but expect to wait if it's during peak hours.
4	Now that I've had breakfast, lunch and dinner here I feel qualified to comment. I'm giving them a firm 3.5 stars.I was really wowed by breakfast (working breakfast - always fun anyway). They make these amazing breakfast potatoes that, well ... Jim W and Abby W would have gone nuts over.Then came dinner with fellow Yelpers Marian and Kevin H. It was a really enjoyable dinner. Jim W and I split a burger and a chicken pizza. The company was terrific and the only dark spot on the evening was when the woman at the counter informed me that they don't make grilled onions for their burgers. I was really surprised by a place of this quality not offering cooked onions as a burger option.Last came my lunch meeting and the reason I've downgraded Liberty Market half a star. I was debating between the chicken sandwich and egg salad when I happened to notice that they offered caramelized onions on one of the sandwiches. Suddenly the burger appeared to be a viable option. Here's how that went:me: "I'd like the tower burger - medium - with cheddar, bacon and caramelized onions."her: "We don't have caramelized onions."me: "They're on the menu for the rancher."her: "That's at another counter."me: "I beg your pardon?"her: "That's at a different counter." (this time with a bit of attitude)3rd employee at bar: (under her breath) "We can do that."her: (after glare at 3rd employee) "They'll be cold. They're for a cold sandwich."3rd employee at bar: (slightly louder this time) "We can heat them up."When the burger arrived there were no onions to be seen. 3rd employee happened to be the one who brought the food and when I pointed that out to her the irritation was apparent. She looked at me, as sincerely as she could, and told me that she would have them heated and out to me as soon as possible.Now, I have to say that the tower burger is absolutely fantastic with caramelized onions and they should ALWAYS offer it that way. Once I had my burger the way I wanted it I really enjoyed the meal. But, seriously, it's at another counter?! I can't imagine anyone refusing to walk ten feet to make a customer happy. Hopefully, they've gotten over that.
5	Great place to hang out with friends or family. The good is great, the atmosphere is relaxing. The best thing on the menu I think is their Tower Burger. I almost always get it. It literally is a tower! Their pizza is good too and is good even when it's not conventional pizza. Their coffee bar is great too. They have some excellent brews too.I highly recommend L.M.!
4	... this little piggy went to the market... this little piggy was quite satisfied with the market... this little piggy has nice things to say about the market... this little piggy eats breakfast lunch & dinner at the market1st time the piggy went she got the picnic salad to go.... yummy2nd time (same day) went for birthday dinner... again yummy3rd, 4th, 5th , 6th, 7th, 8th times had breakfast, foreign & fun to try coffees... still yummy10th time (the piggy has really lost track of times)... got piggies 1st pizza (grilled sausage) & an amazing salad (italia) to go... and went - wee wee wee all the way home... impressively yummy!!top it off with friendly service & a quaint little garden patio - you must stop by the market!!!recommended by the piggy :)
5	Finding decent, real food in the valley can be very difficult. Liberty Market sells just such real food. The best explanation I can give is that it's like Joe's Farm Grill but a little more upscale. It also has a cafeteria setup.The pizza I ate there was the best I've had in the Valley, so I'll definitely go back.
5	Stop what you are doing right now, drive to Liberty Market and try their BREAD PUDDING.  Ok, I don't typically like Bread Pudding.  It has a bunch of raisins in it (not my thing) and it's usually a bit dry and uneventful.  The Bread Pudding at Liberty Market is moist, flavorful and topped with delicious fresh whipped cream, it's absolutely amazing!  The waiter even did a little song to accompany it's grand entrance.Service has been great on the two times I've been there.  Their bathrooms are awesome and unisex (so European, ha ha) and on both occasions that I've eaten there the food has been delicious and fast.
5	This place is wonderful and I can be found here on a weekly basis.  I think my car just takes me there on auto pilot by now.  Great for breakfast, lunch, dinner, snack, coffee, and dessert.  I also enjoy the wi-fi option from time to time for work or fun.  The staff are great as are the owners.  I love the Best Chicken Sandwich, sweet potato salad, Far East Salad with Chicken, Biscuits and Gravy, scrambled eggs, Salt Bar, Bread Pudding and many more.Also, you HAVE to use the bathroom while you are here, just so fun.  I love the joint sink area and the, uhmmm, variety of the bathroom stalls.
4	04/21/10Met up w/ a friend for coffee and a pastry.  Well, I had coffee and a pastry; I think she had a pizza.  LOVED the cafe latte!  I don't really care for too much foam, and this cup was absolutely perfect!  I usually order coffee w/out sugar so that I may also enjoy a sweet complement.  Today's pairing was a cherry scone.  The piece I tried had a pleasing-to-the-eye golden color to it, as well as a few lovely-looking cherries.  Wished there were more in the batter-- those cherries you see on the edges were pretty much the only ones I had (the middle was almost void of any!).  I originally had turned down the accompanying homemade whipped cream (sweetened w/ powdered sugar), but the scone was, as is usually par for the course, a bit dry (don't forget sorely lacking enough cherries!) and needed something extra.  If you're ever offered their homemade whipped cream, you better ask for extra-- it's wonderful!  I may not get another scone, but I'll definitely be back for more coffee!
3	I haven't made up my mind about this place.  I stopped in tonight after reading other reviews and left thinking it's definitely a mixed bag.The menu is varied and exciting but words can sound much better than something tastes.  I had the Tower Burger with bacon and blue cheese and it was great (a little too much blue cheese, I had to scrape most off to taste actual burger).  This was accompanied by sides of caprese pasta, which was excellent (I loved the tiny mozzarella balls), and the garlic smashed potatoes that were dry and only hinted at a garlic component.  Another Yelper's raves led me to try the bread pudding which I can best describe as 3" of cool whipped cream on top of 2" of warmed bread pudding on top of 1" of seriously undercooked egg and bread bits.  Yeah, is-it-raw?-kinda-undercooked.  Still trying to get the taste out of my mouth.The service...was nice at the counter, spotty and freaky everywhere else.  I was offered and chose to "have my dessert later" and was told that I "could let them know anytime when I wanted it."  However, the [blur of a] staff doesn't stop at tables unless they're dropping off food or clearing it away.  So I venture up to the counter to inquire about my pudding and literally get accosted by a woman who starts following me like a rent-a-cop and *shouting* 'SIR!  SIR!  DO YOU NEED SOMETHING?!  SIR, DO YOU NEED SOMETHING?!'  Seriously, my first thought is 'who the hell is this woman?'  Ah, apparently some sort of manager.  Not the best demeanor to approach and address customers.  A few minutes later as I'm eating my pudding and thoroughly engrossed in reading something, the same voice begins *shouting* again from ten feet away, 'HOW DO YOU LIKE YOUR PUDDING?!'  and repeats herself because my look upward isn't to respond but to see who's being addressed and why is someone shouting at them?Overall, I was not impressed by the staff.I do plan on returning one more time in the future, only because the menu is so intriguing that I am curious to see if some other entree can be tasty enough to overcome the faults in this first visit.
5	I'm disappointed in myself for not getting dessert or iced coffee, but i needed room for food. I think that should be an entire separate trip because the food was too good to stop myself. I even got to spot a little local celeb while there. Mr. Bianco himself. I tried to be sly and peek at what he was eating so that I could order it. You know it's good if he's eating it, right?! All I could tell was that it was a pressed sandwich for anyone curious. And I think he caught on to me being ridiculous because he started smiling. Or he wants to date me, in which case HAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYY ;)During my wonderful trip to Liberty I got to taste the hummus, sweet potato salad, pizza, the picnic sandwich, and the caprese sandwich.first things first, i am going to spend now until november trying to make  that sweet potato salad. it was insanity. It was roasted and I could taste the garlic and there were craisins and oh my gosh. I need to figure out how to make it so that I can take credit for it at thanksgiving dinner. with respect to liberty of course :)second- how the heck can i pick a favorite between balsamic drizzled bread with ripe, red tomatoes, tons of fresh basil, divine mozarella or the turkey with bleu cheese crumbles, granny apple slices, and candied pecans? both sandwiches were so amazing. my eating companion and i decided that the caprese sandwich was the winner. so amazing. but that doesn't discount how awesome the picnic is, because that is amazing in it's own right. i've already figured out my next trip. instead of ordering two entrees and switching halves with the other diner, we will order and split only one entree, one side and then we will have room for dessert. or i'll just go in and order a ton of desserts. whatever.
4	Have been here many times for lunch and everything I have had has been pretty good. Here is what I have tried:Sammiches:Arizona Sky Pressed Sandwich - Really goodCaprese - Love this sammich. The Balsamic makes it!Maiden Lane - Another fave next to the Caprese. Picnic - Good but needed more apple and carmelized pecans. Gorganzola was a bit overpoweringFarmer - Probably my least favorite. Was good but the sweet potatoes needed to be cooked more (they were hard). The goat cheese was awesome on this sammich thoughLiberty grilled cheese with tomato - By far the best grilled cheese I have ever hadSides:Roasted Sweet Potato salad - Different but very tastyGrilled vegi medley (special) - Really flavorful for being just vegetablesCreamy Potato Salad - I didn't care for it. Its more of a dill potato salad. I prefer potato salads that have sweet pickle in them.Dessert Case:Bread Pudding - 2nd best bread pudding I have ever had. Charlestons has the best   :)Blueberry Scone - Not usually a fan of scones but this was really good and the home made whipped cream was wonderfulSalt River bar - Was ok but I don't think I would get again. I thought it would be sweeter but it really wasn't. A little too salty in some area'sAll in all, Liberty Market is pretty legit. I really like their sammiches and have never had anything like their roasted sweet potato salad. The atmosphere is really cute. The service can be a little slow at times but all the employees seem really friendly.
5	Love this place - shame it took me so long to discover it! Everything I have eaten there so far has been amazing - especially in love with the breakfast scrambles & potatoes, the sticky buns and the pecan bars. Service always great and with a smile, and a nice atmosphere. After eating there nearly a dozen times, I think I have found somewhere deserving of a regular weekly visit!
5	I am going to try to keep this short because I could easily go on and on about how good this place is. Service, food, decor all excellent.  Everyone else who is offering reviews is doing a nice job of talking about the food so I am going to mention a few different items of interest.  But about the food I will just quickly mention if you are having breakfast it may sound unusual but get the meatball as a side dish. It blew me away. Not only does Liberty market offer Gilbert residents quality food, they do it at a reasonable price.  For a long time the Johnson family has been giving away free meals once a year at their flagship restaurant Joe's BBQ, right across the street.  In keeping with that tradition of bringing residents together they are offering a "Community Dinner" at Liberty.  The concept being that 30 residents can sign up for a dinner consisting of 5 or more courses including a chef's surprise course.  All for one very affordable price. The community part is that they sit you at a table of 6 or so offering diners an opprutunity to get aquinted with thier neighbors.  The dinner is limited to just 30 people on a frist come, first serve basis. Wonderful idea.  Earlier I was bragging about how good the meatball's are. I understand they have a Meatball sandwich which is not on the menu. Also not on the menu is a breakfast burger which is only served on the week ends between 11 and 1.  Not only does this dish sound wonderful but a menu item that is only available 4 hours a week has a strong allure for me.  While I was leaving I was looking at the pictures on the wall and I noticed that the family was pictured outside of the famous Culinary Institute of America Greystone.   I noticed that my waiter was pictured and after tracking him down again I find out that he was a family member, Willie Johnson, how unpretentious.  So that explains some of the good food. They have a strong background.
4	Great food and an awesome ambiance.  A very unique spot.
5	LOVE this place! After convincing the husband that he would NOT have to turn in his man card for eating here, he is now a fan as well! We LOVE splitting a breakfast quesadilla on the weekend, we are always shocked at the huge line next door for another restaurant, when there is such great food here.
5	My wife and I go here all the time - one of our favorite places.  The owners are great and very appreciative.  The food is really good and Chef Dave is always experimenting new dishes.  If you have a chance, try to catch one of the new Community Dinners.  It's an experience not to be missed.
5	I just tried Liberty Market for breakfast. I had the Sicilian scramble with a biscuit, potatoes, and a latte. Everything was outstanding. The latte was flavorful with a good roast, not the charcoal used in espresso drinks at some famous coffee shops. The scramble was savory, delicious, and had some great sausage in it. The surprise star, though, was the humble biscuit. I'm very harsh on biscuits. They're always too dry, too tough, not crusty enough, or otherwise compromised in some way. This one was absolutely perfect and probably the best I've ever had.I recently moved to Gilbert, and Liberty Market is fast becoming my favorite place to eat out.
5	I have once again managed to eat at Liberty twice in one day.  I love how the weekends serve breakfast late so when I skip breakfast for Yoga class I can still get my egg fix.  And oh did I.  Love the American scramble and the trick is to ask for a side of gravy for that delicious biscuit.  However it was my dinner experience that inspired me to write an updated review.  A few firsts, sat at the coffee bar and was served table side--very nice.  Had the salmon special with a potato cake and mustard sauce which was awesome, love their specials.  However it was the post meal coffee that was life changing.  I am quite the coffee snob and am rather picky about where and how I have coffee.  Last night I wanted a little something sweet (the chocolate truffle cookie) and a small shot of espresso.  I was first going to ask for the Cubano but the Barista suggested the Cortadito.  WOW!  That little cup of goodness had escaped my radar but now I can't stop thinking about it.  So rich and lightly sweet with a nice foam. I know that it has dairy in it, steamed half and half I believe so nothing but the best of dairy, but for me it is just a small amount so I am willing to suffer the consequences and take an extra sinus pill.
4	Wow it really took me this long to actually try Liberty Market, really!?!?!? What was I thinking! I have been missing out on this place for way too long. And to find it now, just when my company is moving and it was sooo close!!!!Ok, sorry enough of my whining! This place is just WOW! The food looked amazing; the dessert looked way too good! And the taste did not disappoint either.My friend and I went to lunch today at Liberty Market, I was at first surprised by the line to order, it was LONG! But the way they seat people is really ingenious; by the time you are done ordering you have a table waiting. Pretty cool!We ordered the Picnic Sandwich, which was very flavorful. My favorite part was the crisp green apples, which added great texture. A little blue cheese, some turkey, it was really well put together.We also ordered the White pizza, which was very tasty! The crust was nice and crispy and the pine nuts were an excellent addition. Oh and don't forget dessert, no I really mean it, DON'T forget dessert....well I guess you can if you are on a diet or something. We had the Red Velvet Cake, YUM!I think Liberty Market really has taken the cafeteria style dining and made it a well-organized machine; I am so impressed by this place. What took me so long to get here, I ask myself again!
5	I love everything about this place; how its decorated, the delicious food, and the friendly staff. I had the egg salad sandwich and it was perfect, just like my mom used to make, I haven't had a sandwich like that in a while. And the caprese pasta salad is sooo yummy. I can't wait to go back and try moreI wish this place was closer to my house because I would probably go there everyday! But it is defiantly worth the drive to support such a great local business.
5	Dear Gilbert,Don't take this the wrong way, but I've never had a reason to come visit you. I'm sure I've skimmed your edges, or skirted just around you many times in the past. Sometimes maybe even on purpose. Sorry. You've probably seen me drive by and thought - "There goes that prick again. Who does he think he is?" But you're miles away. We don't have any friends inside you. You lacked a compelling draw to pull us out of our mid-town cocoon. Until now. So I hope we can put the past behind us and shed our preconceptions about each other and just move on with our relationship. So...LIBERTY MARKETWhat a refreshing, rewarding surprise. A hip, family-friendly, easy-going place to get great food and beverages in a clean, clever setting. The website hinted at its authenticity, but how many times does that fail you??On the street, it's a nifty setting that harkens back to an Americana that I grew up with in the midwest: water tower, mid-century neon diner signage, real brick, public sidewalks intended for human use, trees, etc. But the building itself is a clean juxtaposition of modern worked into a cool old (by PHX standards) building. Old brick meets steel beams and open space. Everything is functional, not just there to look cool. From the structurally relevant beams to the authentic wood-fired oven, it all serves a real purpose.We (me, wife and 9mo old daughter) chose our seats at the pizza oven counter and clamped on our baby's magical floaty chair. We immediately struck up a rapport with James, at the oven, and learned that almost everyone we encountered, other than customers, were his family and friends. That's pretty cool. We've now been several times and the food has never let us down. In fact, we've been drawn back almost weekly on our little pilgrimage to keep exploring the menu. I don't see a James Beard award in the future, unless they give one for consistently delicious, honest comfort food. But we're all happy to drive out of our way for a visit that puts a smile on our faces every time.THAT CHRISTIAN THINGNow, to address something that really shouldn't matter, but often does to many people: "The Christian Thing". Due to the amount of interest in Agritopia and its "Bible-based design", I think most people know going in that this is a Joe Johnston place (Joe's Farm Grill, Real BBQ and now LM) and he's pretty open about his beliefs. I'm sure to the surprise of many who would avoid establishments that clearly identify as one religion or another, there is nothing in-your-face or proselytizing or patronizing about this place's pretty public Christian identity. If anything, the experience speaks volumes about the honesty of their description of their beliefs on the Liberty Market website. Yes, when you know about it going into it, you feel the presence of their faith. But all in a good way.I almost feel like bringing this aspect of it up was unnecessary, but at the same time, I think it needed to be brought up; simply because of how many people I've talked to who immediately jumped on that angle - "oh, the Bible Thumper enclave in Gilbert", or "sounds kinda Stepford-ish", etc. If you just wandered in without any background info I think your takeaway would just be - "Now that was a friendly group of people and a great meal."Oh, and check out the bathrooms. It's fun.So for what it is: friendly, sincere, fresh, honest, well-thought out, comfy, delicious, consistent, complete and did I mention friendly? - 5 stars.
4	Breakfast at Liberty Market is yummy! I love coming here after a good work out. They have a wide variety of food choices, healthy or fatty... they're all good. I love the atmosphere in this place, it's so clean!My only complaint, it's a bit pricey.... for what you get...
3	Today I was ready to be beside myself with glee as I took my daughters out for lunch. I've been here several times for breakfast and lunch, and have never been disappointed. They have the BEST eggs!  I also love the layout and of course, the free wifi. August is their "Burger Daze", a different burger every day for the entire month. Today's burger was the wasabi burger, and being a fan of foods with kick, I was thinking about this burger since yesterday. It almost makes me cry to say I was underwhelmed by it. It was a burger with a creamy horseradishy sauce on it, and you got a little wasabi flavor, but it lacked that kick you get from eating wasabi. It also had an Asian salad mixture on the burger as well. Don't get me wrong, it was tasty, but when I think that I paid $11 for that and a side of potato chips, I feel a little slighted. If you eat ten of their burgers over the course of the month you can get a $25 gift card (save your receipts). The burger just wasn't good enough to get me to come back 9 more times this month.  I'll definitely return to Liberty Market again- as I said I do love the restaurant and would recommend it to anyone looking for a place to eat. However I think I'll stick to their breakfasts and other sandwiches. The three stars is for today only- next time I hope to come back here and give them a 5!
5	The Espresso Drinks here are the best.  It's all in the friendliness of the barista ...and Theresa is a great one.  Plus..the E-61 looks really cool ...like the front chrome of a 53 Packard that I owned in high school...no i'm not that old ...it was a hobby car.
5	I yelp, therefore I am...  I've been putting this Yelp review off for a while, and after dining there this evening I feel compelled to quit procrastinating and finally put pen to paper (so to speak).  Liberty Market is one of my favorite local restaurants; every meal that I have ever ordered there has been exemplary.  The staff is knowledgeable about the menu and always extremely courteous.   I've spent more than a few evenings there at the pizza bar chatting with Dave, the owner/executive chef and he has always made me feel welcome in his restaurant and taken care of me. The whole Liberty team is awesome and the entire place is a well oiled machine. Here's a list of some of the items I have tried:Salmon BLT - Delicious!White Pizza - The best I've ever had!Molinari Pizza - Fantastic!Liberty Bowl - hearty and delicious!Red Velvet Cake - extremely rich and wonderful (get this and split it with your dining companions)And most recently, the Weekender Burger, which was cooked to perfection, juicy, and all-in-all just amazing (see pics)I have, and will continue to frequent Liberty Market.  Give me Liberty Market, or give me death!
5	My wife and I are snobs. When we go out, we expect great things. We like simple things, but we like them as perfect as God intended them. Liberty Market simply has the best comfort foods known to man. Chef Traina is a good man with a talent for doing great things with common man ingredients. Pizza, burgers, salads, deserts, breakfasts, everything is an experience, and a great one at that. Our core orders are:Sausage Pizza, hold onion add roasted red peppersGrilled Chicken Pasta (AKA chicken Alfredo)Hollywood Cobb SaladDemi breakfast with the bacon pancake and a well done turkey maple sausageCapresse Sandwich, grilled in oven, best when tomatoes are from AgritopiaMinestrone SoupFar East SaladThe burgerNow there is a subculture at Liberty Market that is worth notingThe E-61 bar is a separate, but conjoined experience and the Baristas are able to create outstanding beverages that are like nothing I have found in AZ. You can not go wrong with anything from the E-61 bar. My suggestions are:Iced LatteDouble CortaditoIrish LatteCaffe MochaEach is special in one way and are all profound experiences. I have overlooked many details in this review. Not because they are forgotten, but because they are irrelevant. Quite simply Liberty Market is unpretentious, inviting and special. You will have a great experience here and you will return over and over again. If you are planning on going to Liberty Market, GO!
4	We went out with friends to celebrate a birthday. I have a friend who adores this place so expectations were high. (Thxs Jeff K) The food was great, loved my pizza and my wife's chicken sandwich. It was a little loud for talking. The coffee was great and the dessert real good. I would go back but probably later when there wasn't a big crowd.
4	I've been working on a project down the street from this business and therefore found it to be a wonderful place to meet off property or just stop in to grab something.  But please do not be misled by the name in thinking that this is anything of a market.  I'd question whether the owners really know what they want it to be, which is a common complaint from me when visiting these upscale "market" cafes.  But so be it.... here's my take on the experience:Visit #1: Morning coffee meeting before heading into the office.  I was thrilled by the way the owners have renovated this old space.  Furthermore, it was a quick and comfortable experience for my morning coffee needs.  Coffee was pretty good too.Visit #2: Lunch meeting with colleagues.  There were six of us, which posed a seating challenge in the busy restaurant at first, but then an employee/manager noticed us and helped out.  I ordered the Arizona Sky, which was a tasty ham sandwich, and enjoyed a wonderful sweet potato salad on the side.  The sandwich, with a cup of coffee, was roughly $9 if memory serves correctly.  While quite tasty, I hope the lunch prices come down as more worthy competition enters the market.  So, overall, great place for an occasional change of pace, but not something I'd do frequently. Visit #3: Another coffee meeting.  This time, I was feeling a little like having a snack, so I thought it was great that we were in a "market."  And this is when I remembered that this place is not really a market at all.  Yes, that's what I thought was off about this place -- I knew something wasn't clicking for me.So in summary, I'd say that this is a nice little breakfast/lunch restaurant, but not quite what I wanted it to be based on its name or history.  And hey, yet another interesting take on the classic casual cafe/diner vibe will only help this genre of restaurant move forward in Arizona, so I'll keep tabs and look forward to trying it again.
2	So Liberty Market has been one of my very favorite restaurants in the valley for the past year.  But, today changed everything.  I was completely disappointed and shocked with the customer service today.  I walked in with 4 of my girlfriends to have brunch and meet about an event we are planning.  We were immediatley met by the chef's wife, who quickly told us that we would have to sit at the high top bar due to the fact that they are trying to save their regular tables for people eating.  I explained to her that we would like a table because we wanted backs on our seats.  She told us that we needed to wait for two ladies by the window to leave (who were already done with their meal) and she would push two tables together and allow us to sit there, but we needed to wait at the bar until then.  We ordered our food and sat at the bar. There were several 4 top tables and I asked if two could be pushed together so we could sit there.  She told us no.  I explained that I was a paying customer and frustrated and irritated that we could not have an open table.  She explained that this is how they run things...that they want you to eat and get out and since we were meeting she couldn't let us sit longer than an hour.  I was in utter shock over this.  Have you ever heard of a place saying that to a paying customer.  For the record, we had spent $66 on our brunch.  I asked if we had not had binders with us if she would let us sit there and she said yes!  I told her how uncomfortable it was sitting at the bar so she agreed to push the tables together and let us have the tables, but only for one hour.  We ate our breakfast (which was delicious) and believe it or not, at an hour, she came and told us she needed our table.  Again, shocking!  Also, the table that she orginally promised us still, after an hour and ten minutes, had the same two ladies at it chatting!  I am sad about this situation as this is a place I frequent 5-6 times a month.  I love the food!  But customer service goes right along with it all.  I am now boycotting Libery Market, as are many of my friends.
4	Lives up to the hype.  Unique setting in that you order and pay at the counter and then take a number to your table, a la Carls Jr.  However, the service was great and the food was excellent.  We had the flank steak and chicken sandwhich.  The steak was full of flavor and the chicken was tasty as well.  Definitely looking forward to going back and trying some other items on the menu.
5	I love this place!!!  We take all out of town guests here because it is our favorite!!! Love bfast, lunch and dinner menus! The zucchini bread- yum! Mocha bowl-yum!!! The egg salad sandwich- yum! We have tried a lot things on the menu and have enjoyed them all!!!    The Liberty bowl is perfect as well!
5	Love, love, love this place! Marg. pizza is delicious and I dream of their cheese burger, it is a MUST. We used to live right down the way from Liberty Market but have recently moved to Tucson. We go every time we're in town.
1	This is the first and unfortunately last time I will be visiting the Liberty Market. My idea of a good breakfast is good service and an enjoyable, relaxing time, all three of which I did not experience during my visit. The place is utter chaos. When you walk in you think that there are available tables, but then someone comes over to you and lets you know that she is "seating the table right now", and you can order and she will find you a place to sit. That's fine, but a sign near the door stating, "please wait to be seated" would solve about 99% of the "hostess" running around and rearranging people, and 100% of the confusion for first time visitors. They would almost serve themselves better by letting people seat themselves....It was stressful enough to watch the poor girl run around trying to seat people. On that note, I saw her let people sit down until she had to seat a party, then she made them get up and stand, which I thought was incredibly rude. She also seated my party of two, and after we sat down, SHE MOVED US! To a smaller table. Fine, we are only a party of two, but once you make up your mind on where you are going to seat a party, keep it, its rude to make them move after they have been seated. We ordered our food, I got the Chorizo Quesadilla...good, but nothing great that I couldn't get at other establishments. We even commented to each other how the food should be outstanding...it must be for us to want come back, but again, it was nothing to rave about. The food took a long time, and the place is LOUD. The busers are around in flurries setting up and taking down tables, but it's beyond impossible to flag one down to get a box for your food at the end of the meal. We left more stressed out then full in our bellies. Granted we visited on a busy Sunday morning, but customer service should always be a companies top priority, here it wasn't. I felt like we got nothing but a stressful expensive meal instead. I rated Liberty Market "fairly" at one star, because like the rating says, I think not. I would not visit again, nor would I recommend to my family or friends.
5	I'm in love.  And that's all I'm going to say about that.  I find myself dreaming about that latte and staring at the glass cases as if it were some guilty pleasure.  When can I see you again?  It isn't soon enough.  (Psst.  Mind if my husband tags along?)  :)
5	This place is wicked awesome! Great food and unique decor! Another home run by Joe!
1	Normally we go to the breakfast spot around the corner, and with a longer than normal wait at our usual place we decided  to give Liberty Market a try.  The place is nice on the inside and the pastries on display look amazing.  So we ordered our food, the items on the menu look really good.  The food arrives and my Wife starts looking at the eggs strangely. I asked her what was wrong.  She slid the plate over to me and there were several long hairs cooked into the scrabbled eggs; GROSS!! So my kids, Mom, and me looked through the rest of our food, before calling the manager over.   Thank goodness we only found the embedded hairs in one set of scrabbled eggs.   We called the manager over and they apologized, and said they would bring a new plate of eggs out, which I expected. However in any restaurant I have ever been to, Management at the very least will cover the cost of the plate, but normally will comp the meal and/or give you a gift  certificate, so you will come back. Were we offered any of those from the management?  NO!!   The food is good, but not off the wall good like others have reviewed.   We all had different versions of the Demi-plate.   There are lots of places to eat and not management not offering to at least comp the plate of eggs ($3.50) is just bad business. If we had  been given a gift certificate, to come back,  we probably never would want to.  Next time we will wait an hour to go next door instead.
5	Every review talks about the good food but let's start elsewhere, the bathrooms.  The bathroom is unisex sinks with separate doors for each stall.  Each room has it's own theme and music.  I love the creativity in something so often overlooked by most restaurants.  I've been here twice and had a great experience both times.  The first time I got the Italia Salad.  It was very large with lots of meat and cheese.  It was very tasty.  I followed that up by an ice cream sandwich which was at least 4x too big for me.  The cookie was fresh and warm with the ice cream wedged in between.  I say that baby is fit for 2 large adults or 3-4 people that know their limit.The 2nd time I got the Italia sandwich.  It was fantastic.  The potato salad I chose as a side was good too.  Too often places overcook the hell out of the potatoes and it turns into mush.  Theirs still had some texture which was nice.  It was a very satisfying meal.  We chased our dish with their signature espresso which is a micro latte (two baby lattes). I love the uniqueness of the original brick wall, and the exposed wooden trusses that make up the roof.  Even the seemingly simple light bulbs are unique with a hoop-earring looking filament within them.  They have a brick oven for pizzas and a huge display for those tempting deserts.  In addition to the espresso bar they also have a nice selection of beer and wine.  This is a great lunch spot in an area of town not known for independent and unique dining options.  Worth the drive from Tempe.  It often is quite busy but they are good at cleaning tables and reserving seats for people in line.
4	My husband and I are considering moving to Gilbert, so we were out scouting the area and decided to refer to Yelp for breakfast. While the line at Farmhouse (next door) was out the door and I was tempted to try it, the reviewers of Liberty Market did me no wrong. I had the Western Scramble and it was the perfect portions with a punch of flavor. Breakfast potatos = more please (i have a thing for potatos). I also had a sticky bun, which was HUGE but the sticky frosting was moist and tasty. Between the 2 of us, we couldn't finish the 1 sticky bun, as much as we wanted to. The people here were all really friendly, from the counter and wait staff to the very diners enjoying their breakfasts. If I move to Gilbert, I could see myself here every weekend.
5	This is one of my favorite lunch places.  I keep having my favorites over and over again, need to branch out a bit more.  I love love love their sweet potatoe salad, but I do find that sometimes it's better than other times.  Last time I had it it was a bit on the salty side...still I ate every last bit.  My favorites are the italian pressed sandwich and their caprese sandwich.  Their bread is amazing.   Never had breakfast there.  I admit I am a bit addicted to this place...
4	I had my first experience at Liberty Market this past weekend. I am now HOOKED!  A nice older gentleman greeted us at the line and gave us the run down on what to expect.  They get your tastbuds going with having to pass by a gigantic glass counter filled with yummy looking treats-cinnamon buns the size of my 3 year olds head, red velvet cake (my fav), sticky buns, gigantic cupcakes etc.  I had the Italian Scramble and YUMMMMOOOO!  The Schrieners Italian sausage was so delish and the potatoes smothered in cheese-so good.  Its hard to pick my favorite part but the homemade biscuit that I drizzled with honey was to die for.  I also loved my perfectly mixed carafe of mimosa.Really can't wait to visit Liberty Market again!
4	Have tried the chicken sandwich recently and absolutely loved it. It really is the best chicken sandwich. I love the vinegar sauce that is on it!!!
4	I love this fancier, casual restaurant in downtown Gilbert.  Great food, great service, great ambiance.
5	I had the fine pleasure of having a Monday off and decided to enjoy a great breakfast and Liberty Market was the place to go!!Of all the great items on the menu, I went the Blueberry Pancakes and a Bowl of Mocha!! Yes, it was a bowl from one of the best coffee bars in the Valley!! If you're feeling adventurous, check out the pastries!! Great atmosphere for a sit down meal with family/friends or even alone people watching!!
5	I went in today mainly to get some research for an English assignment for school and to sample food. What I didn't expect was the experience that I had. First off, the staff is very friendly and very welcoming. They greet you with a smile and make you feel at home. When they take your order, if you don't order a drink they give you a complimentary water glass. Not a plastic cup like most other restaurants. This is a legit glass that they use for fountain drinks. They bring your food to your table and come back regularly to check on how you are doing. Then on the off chance that you get to meet Joe while you are in there, he is the definition of working patron. He checks up on everyone, customers and staff alike, and is always willing to answer questions. He was glad to sit down with me so I could interview him to get some background information on the information, and that alone made my experience amazing. I would recommend Liberty Market to ANYONE looking for great food and great people
5	GREAT!!!!! The food was so fresh and yummy. I love how they grow their own food or get it from AZ growers. I went there with some friends and we all order different things and they all rocked. You will not be disappointed.....go.The staff was great as well, friendly, super nice. This place has a kewl vibe to it and is kept clean. Don't forget the expresso bar are the red velvet cake.They also help with local charties. This place totally gets 2 thumbs up from me.The line can be a little long, but it is worth the wait.
5	Had to post another review because this time we took the in-laws - My Mother-in-law made the comment that we MUST come back to this place so she can try more.  If that is not a raving review ... I don't know what is??  Hamburger, Pasta, Pizza, Sandwiches ... all the sides.  EVERYTHING was great.  Good, friendly service doing their best to make you happy - even with HUGE numbers of people - you get good, fast service and they have a system that gets you in & sitting painlessly.  Go. Enjoy. Repeat.
5	D-E-L-I-S-H! This place is yummylicious for sure! We went for a charity they were a part of and I had never been there but always wanted to try it. The food was absolutely PERFECT! and the prices were decent! My food was sooo good. I wanted to try everyone else's plate. We all ended up sharing everything! From the appetizers to the meal, the side dish and dessert...we weren't disappointed with a single thing! And the best part is they grow their own food or get it from local farmers right here in Arizona!  Aside from the food the staff was super AWESOME. They were all nice and accommodated us perfectly! The place is a little crowded, the line is a little long, and it's kind of loud inside but these are all GOOD things not bad! Go in and you will see why I say that! :o)
4	After eating at Joe's Real BBQ about a gazillion times, I finally decided I ought to give Liberty Market a chance.  I remember growing up in Gilbert and always passing by this building in the historic part of town; back then it was actually a market.The first thing I noticed is the interesting variety of options on the menu.  They have Mr. Pibb-marinated steak, burgers, pizza, sicilian pizza, salads, and even a chef's special paella with mussels, shrimp, scallops, chorrizo, a variety of dessert options, and more.  It was difficult to decide, to say the least.I opted to have the white pizza and bread pudding.  The pizza was one of the most delicious I've had.  It was an amazing pizza.  So good that I'll have a difficult time trying something else next time I go there.The bread pudding was bland.  The whipped cream was good, but the bread pudding itself was pretty flavorless.The biggest gripe I have with this place is that it's a cafeteria style setup, but the prices are more in line with a sit down restaurant.  The service is pretty good, though.It'll still be difficult to eat here with Joe's Real BBQ across the street, but I'll probably add it to my rotation.
3	Maybe my expectations were too high after I'd heard so many good things about this place because I can't say I was blown away.The boyfriend and I are loyal fans of the Farmhouse which is right next door. But we'd been curious about their neighbor for a while so we finally decided to check out Liberty Market. It was a Sunday and I think there was a show at the Hale Theatre because the place was packed. We stood in line for quite a while. I ordered the demi-breakfast - eggs, biscuit and bacon and the boyfriend ordered the breakfast quesadilla with chorizo. We also ordered a slice of chocolate chip banana bread and a slice of red velvet cake to go because that's just how we roll.I thought the banana bread was pretty good, boyfriend thought it was too dry. My demi-breakfast was okay but my biscuit was too powdery, like they didn't mix the dough well enough. There was actually a clump of flour in part of it. Considering how amazing the biscuits are at the Farmhouse next door I was disappointed. Boyfriend was not impressed with the quesadilla either.Later that afternoon we decided to try out the red velvet cake. Like the breakfast, it was just okay. Nothing I would crave or make the trip across town for.Overall, I like Joe's other places (Joe's BBQ and Farm Grill) much better. Although I will say the staff was very nice and I liked the atmosphere. Maybe their lunch is good? But for breakfast in Gilbert, I'll stick with the Farmhouse from now on.
5	Excellent. Had the Italiana (panini). Fantastic. Sooo delicious. And there are at least a dozen more menu items I look forward to trying.Great decor & ambiance, excellent service, personable contact with the owner-management team. All qualities prided upon for sure. If they weren't so far from Tempe I'd be there once or twice a week.
4	Day...by day...by day.  By day.  Yes, I could probably spend part of any day at this place and be content. From the java bar, to the busy but fun dining room to the relaxing patio - this place rocks!  I've been there at least a dozen times and half of those times the owner and his wife (either/or, sometimes both) are chatting it up with patrons. The place is unique in every way.  From the old 'market' that it used to be, to the awesome wood fired pizza oven, to the line of fresh salads, pastries and other goodies - the renowned bathrooms.  Yes, they won an award.  Oh, wait. The food.Yeah - the food is great too.  Breakfast is killer and sure to minimize any hangover.  I've had lunch there too - believe it was the Salmon BLT.  Dinner as well - my dad, when visiting from Seattle, raved about the filet that he had.This place will keep you coming back!
5	7/15/10Today's meal consisted of a pressed Arizona Sky sandwich, which came w/ a choice of side (roasted sweet potato salad); toffee chocolate chip ice cream sandwich; and a cup of espresso.  The sandwich was just spectacular!  Fontagne cheese, ham, mixed greens, roasted poblano aioli, and bread perfectly pressed-- I was in foodorgasmic heaven w/ every bite!  For dessert, I had a cup of Illy espresso and a quarter (or two!) of the toffee chocolate chip ice cream sandwich.  This baby was HUGE!  I'll have to bring three other friends w/ me next time so that this dessert won't go to waste.  Did you know that after that first cup of joe, you may have multiple cups of house coffee for free?  I may just have to pay Liberty Market a visit next week in order to finish reviewing three months' worth of good eatin'!
3	Food: 3Decor: 2Service: 3I dropped by here for lunch before flying out of PHX since I saw the great Yelp reviews. I got lucky and found a parking spot right outside on the street. Place is set up so that you order from the cashier, grab a seat, and they bring the food out to you shortly after.1. Best Chicken Sandwich, 9 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?userid=2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQ(grilled breast, monterey jack, spicy avocado spread, chipotlevinaigrette, tomato, red onion, shredded iceberg,kettle chips)It was okay. Not the "best chicken sandwich" I've ever had by a long shot. Okay at best.2. Roasted Sweet Potato Salad, 2 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?userid=2fN8mN7uUjOw-QqtcgYqXQMediocre. Roasted sweet potato, nuts, and some cranberries. Tasted all right, but I wouldn't eat more than a side of this at once.3. Chocolate chip banana bread, 3 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=4nYEVmYIphCI0JfnUr9kqgNot bad. Tastes just like how you'd expect it to taste. Chocolate glaze was a tad bit sweet though, but other than that, I ate the entire slice.Oh, and their restrooms are awesome. M for men, MW for men and women. Music playing inside, and clean trendy sinks outside.
5	Finally, we tried this nice, cozy restaurant. The Flat Iron Steak is super, and their Far Eastern Salad is also delicious.After dining, you can walk to the famous Water Park Plaza, Gilbert's trademark ;o)
5	I'll admit up front Liberty Market is my all time favorite restaurant, and I love it.  Spent a lot of time and money there.  They even allowed us to have our small rehearsal dinner for our wedding there and it was FANTASTIC.Pros: everything.  Food is great--ALWAYS.  People are great--ALWAYS.  They are friendly, attentive and enjoy being alive.  My favorite dish, the salmon BLT... HIGHLY recommend it.  It's fabulous.  Breakfast is also GREAT here.Only thing you could complain about is it gets really busy, but that's what happens to good restaurants.This is a must-visit restaurant... might become your favorite too!
5	Their omelets were exceptional!
5	Finally, we tried this nice, cozy restaurant. The Flat Iron Steak is super, and their Far Eastern Salad is also delicious.After dining, you can walk to the famous Water Park Plaza, Gilbert's trademark ;o)
4	Tried the white pizza recently and it was very very tasty. Thin crust, white sauce, bacon, pine nuts, and arugula. The pine nuts could be left off as I didn't feel they did much for the flavor. All in all, very good pizza. One more thing to decide amongst when coming here...
4	This place is great, a true American breakfast joint. It looks as if it is family owned and some of them work here, which gives it a small town feel, yet it seems to be a pretty popular place in old Downtown Gilbert. We've been here a few times for Sunday b-fast. The styling of the place is true old-meets-new theme, which is pretty cool. Everything on there menu that we've had seems to be made of quality ingredients and cooked to perfection. The service is generally pretty good, we've had less-than-perfect service a couple times, but it's usually pretty good. They source there sausage products from Shriner's locally, which is great sausage. Their biscuit's and gravy are seriously some of the best you will ever have, the Turkey sausage is excellent and if you didn't know it was turkey, you would still think it is excellent sausage. The cheesy-potatoes (can't remember what they call them!) are usually amazing but we have noticed some times they are better than others.My wife enjoys there espresso drinks, but they don't offer anything besides whole milk, and early on a Sunday we try to keep it light. Their brewed coffee is good as well. The only limitation they may have is the menu, there is not much other than basic breakfast combos and omelets, which are all great, but it would be nice to see sandwiches and other options. They do have an assortment of baked goods, which look amazing. They only offer scrambled egg's, which I like, but my wife likes her egg's over easy and she doesn't get that option.Overall, for a great breakfast experience, Liberty Market is one of the best, EVER! The only place that may be better is Sugar Shack in Huntington Beach, CA. Definitely worth checking out if you're in the east valley.
4	Think of it as a shabby chic version of La Grande Orange. It fits the refurbished downtown historic Gilbert like a glove. It took a little while to hit all the right notes but it has really caught a great stride.
4	Love, love, love this place--not only because they saved and renovated an old grocery store, but because their food ROCKS! Sandwiches, salads, pizza and a few desserts (which I am NOT wild about once tasted, but they are pretty, if you know what I mean).I am sold on the Italia salad, as well as the Farmers salad, oh, and the Picnic salad. My hubby loves the sandwiches (because for some reason, he won't be caught eating a salad in public). They have some good, inexpensive wines, also. I've never tried any of the beers there but it doesn't seem like it would go well with my salad. The salads are good size, but not overwhelming. Try one, you'll LOVE it!
1	First visit- huge disappointment. There was a hair in my potatoes (breakfast).  I pointed it out to the waitress (?).  After scrutinizing my plate to make sure yes, there really was a hair, she picked it up and said she would get me a new plate and walked away.  No apology. I was disgusted and asked for a refund which took forever.  Not sure why, but I kept apologizing like it was my fault that she had to be bothered to give me a refund. Only the breakfast was refunded, not the whole meal, which means I paid for a barely touched OJ which I asked for a to-go cup since it was apparent that I wasn't going to be refunded for the whole meal.  Very sad experience, bad service, no apologies. Will not be going back.
3	Great concept, cool location, okay food.I got the veggie sandwich (that I loved!!!), but tried my friends' sandwiches (sloppy joe, chicken sandwich, and a ham/turkey sandwich) that all left a little something to be desired.  Don't get me wrong, it's not bad, it just doesn't knock your socks off.  I'd go here again to try their breakfast and coffee bar.  Their cinnamon rolls were calling my name from the case too....
5	I have dreams about their grilled vegetable scramble. I have never had eggs, biscuits, and potatoes taste so good. I wish I could go get it right now. I haven't been here for any non breakfast meal yet, but I would really like to as soon as possible.Edit: So I went here last night for dinner and it was just as good as breakfast! I went with my Dad and we split the apricot glazed chicken and a veggie pizza. Both were delicious! The chicken was a very large portion and it came with mashed potatoes and roasted whole carrots and asparagus. It looked pretty and tasted great. The glaze was amazing! The pizza was also really good. The veggies were sliced, not chopped, and that was good. It had squash, zucchini, asparagus, mushrooms, and basil. It was really tasty. I want to go back asap! (especially to try dessert)
3	This Restaurant was recommended to me by a friend and locals in the area to try out and they talk was all about the  item menu "Best Chicken Sandwich", so I did just that. I tried it...I was first happy to see a nicely presented sandwich, open face and ready to enjoy. The food "looked" great and that's about as far as it goes.The chicken was served ad a thick breast which I despise. Any chicken sandwich served should be opened and thinned. It will cook faster, have more juice and be much more palatable. Biting down on a thick chunk of chicken meat makes me want to go vegetarian. Serving it dryer than the Phoenix asphalt in July is even worse. The tomatoes were obviously kept for too long in the fridge before serving as they were not firm but mushy with tough skin. The seasoning was so-so. Best part of the sandwich was the bread. It was fresh and nicely toasted.The Burgers looked good that were passing by, but for 9 bucks + 1.50 for bacon and another buck for an additional item and all you get is kettle chips on the side, I might as well go to Red Robin for a Banzi burger loaded up and get free fry refills to boot.Other items on the menu looked very good and I will give it one more try to see if the salads measure up to their description.Until then, Don't Order the Chicken!Peace...
5	4.5 stars!I've eaten at Liberty Market a few times already, but this morning marked my first breakfast- and what a fantastic meal it was!- of pancakes (3 in a stack; $6.5) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=Xg8U6Fz2E8hu0xQ3Hf7CZg#Xg8U6Fz2E8hu0xQ3Hf7CZg w/ added topping of "market-made granola" ($1), a side of Grilled Flattened Meatballs ($3.5) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=MMwKpMltbKCWNNlraI-tGw#MMwKpMltbKCWNNlraI-tGw, and a double-shot of espresso ($2) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/3N9U549Zse8UP-MwKZAjAQ?select=M1WrCuX3oouHHrynL8KJQg#M1WrCuX3oouHHrynL8KJQg.  Service was in fine form-- I couldn't have the market-made maple syrup blend, nor any of the house-whipped cream, blueberry compote, raspberry and apricot jams, or any of the flavored syrups used at the coffee counter (my server patiently checked for those items we were unsure about), and when I asked for chocolate chips, I was, instead, offered a chocolate syrup made from scratch composed of chocolate, sugar, and coco oil... good stuff!  This syrup would be excellent on ice cream sundaes, too.  (FYI, I didn't really need anything extra to add to the pancakes and meatballs... the two paired well!)I've mentioned this once before, but I think it's such a great thing to yelp about again-- buy an espresso (or any of their specialty coffees), and you can have unlimited cups of regular coffee during your meal!  Not like I needed more caffeine after the double-shot, but I did have some of the house-blend coffee.  After 1.5 pancakes, the meatballs (watch out, they're very greasy!), and caffeine, I'll be good to go for a few hours, despite only having four hours of sleep!  (I'm hoping, anyway!)p.s.  Despite tipping more than 20% at the cashier upon ordering, I thought Bruce, the server who took care of me at my table, deserved a couple more bananas for not displaying annoyance at my staying here so long.  One more reason why I love Liberty Market so much!  Addendum:  After getting directions from Bruce as to the quickest way to 101 N, he asked me if I wanted a cup of coffee to go, gratis!  Have I told you how much I love Liberty Market??Helpful hint:  Free wifi can be accessed by entering the code printed at the bottom of your receipt.
5	WOW!!!  Breakfast at Liberty was absolutely outstanding!The Zombie Girl and I had an errand to run in downtown Gilbert this morning, so I suggested we try Liberty.  I'm a huge Joe's Farm Grill fan, and I've been to LM once before, long ago, but never for breakfast.  The joint was packed when we arrived and we almost headed to the joint next door, but grabbed a couple of open seats at the counter and were served immediately.  I had the basic breakfast with scrambled eggs, bacon, biscuit & potatoes.  Zombie Girl had some fancier scrambled affair.  Everything was heavenly.  Scrambled eggs rarely excite me, but these were just so.. perfect.  Fluffy, fresh, flavorful.  The bacon was great (and Brak loves bacon and is a huge bacon critic - this was definitely top-shelf stuff).  Pototaes were great.  And, the service was super-friendly, fast, informative, talkative, and really made us feel happy to be there.  LM is definitely getting into our regular weekend breakfast rotation.  Joe, you've done it again - you really know how to run a restaurant.  Please open something in downtown Chandler - it could really use your talents.
5	I will drive out of my way to go back to Liberty Market.  The staff was incredible.  When they realized we hadn't been there before, they suggested what to get (insisted really) and wow were they right.  The food is fabulous.  There were 4 of us and all agreed, will go back soon.  It was on our way to a hike in the Superstitions, so it gave us a great start to a beautiful hike.  I highly recommend the pancakes with bacon inside.  Don't crinkle your nose until you try it !!
5	I could not have asked for a better meal. I went there last night with my best friend. We got there about 7:30pm on a Saturday night and it was packed!!!! They handled the crowds amazingly and made it feel like we were the only people in there. I was so amazed how organized they are. The food was delicious! I got the picnic salad and devoured the entire thing. I had a bite of my friend's sweet potato salad. SOOOO GOOD!!! I can't wait to go back and try something else!Be sure to stop in the bathrooms. So original.
5	I loved everything about this place. They have great food, coffee, desserts and ambiance. They add pesto to their minestrone! Pesto makes everything better. Servers were very attentive. This is a great place for me to hang out while I do paperwork and make phone calls in between visits at work. I have also spent a very  long lunch here with girlfriends. We didn't feel rushed to leave by staff. Our lunch extended into early Friday evening. It did seem to get really busy closer to the dinner crowd. Patrons seemed to range from people on dates to people with small children. It's a great place for everyone.
5	You know, I drive to Gilbert to eat a lot, and visit Liberty Market every month. The food is consistently wonderful and the people that work here are incredible. Does it get any better than that?
5	I cannot wait to go back to Liberty Market!  I had the Farmer pressed sandwich and it was delicious!  The side pasta salad was good, too.  The other sides and desserts looked amazing!  I want to go back and try everything. Also- staff was very friendly.  You just get a good vibe being in there.
5	By far, my favorite restaurant in Gilbert. Here's why:First, I love the cafe style restaurant and the scenery it's decorated in: brick walls, open kitchen, long tables, etc. All of Joe's restaurants (Joe's BBQ, Joe's Farm Grill) do this excellently.Second, awesome lunch food. Truth be told, I've never even been there for dinner because I'm always hitting it up for lunch (I don't even take advantage of any specials, I just think it has a great lunch atmosphere). The Hollywood Cobb salad is my personal favorite. It's what I order almost 90% of the time I go. Nothing on the menu is too greasy and as far as I know most of the food is local.Third, great staff. No one on duty seems to be having a bad time, something that speaks highly to the management. And they do a great job of recognizing repeat customers (esp. the girl who's always running the espresso bar, I wish I could remember her name).
4	What can I say? Like the rest of joes restaurants, this place is great! Keep them coming Joe!
5	I just happened to be out in Chandler for a WordPress conference and on Sunday morning my friend suggested Liberty Market, which was about 10 minutes away. We pulled in around 11am for breakfast and I immediately felt the vibe of this place. We walked in and there was a pretty large line and the place was packed. I was a bit worried that it was going to take a long time to order and get our food. After waiting for about 5 minutes in line one of the waiters came by and asked us if we simply wanted to sit at the espresso bar. We were going to get espresso anyways so we said sure. We sat down and ordered 2 Cortaditos and I had the Grilled Vegetable Scramble with Egg Whites. Everyone was extremely friendly, from the waiters to the baristas. Before we even got our cortaditos our food was already ready. This place really had a system down pat. People were coming and going and food was flying in and out of the kitchen. I have been to a lot of breakfast places where it took forever to get food, but not at Liberty Market food is almost instantaneous, like they know what you want. To top it all of the food was absolutely amazing. My Scramble blew my mine, and then my Cortadito came out, and my goodness I never knew espresso could taste so good. From the hash browns, to the scramble, to the biscuit I mean everything was wonderful. My entire breakfast was under $12! Liberty Market had a great atmosphere and was just a great place to eat. Even though I live over 30 minutes away from LM I will say with confidence that I will be back very soon.
4	The service was top notch.  Very friendly.  I ordered the white pizza and it was fabulous.  Look forward to my next visit!
2	Sorry Joe today was a huge disappointment I took our friends from pennsylvania here today for breakfast telling them how great your establishment is we went and ordered and had a seat our breakfast came in a reasonable amount of time ,unfortunately to start with I ordered the sausage gravy and got the two turkey sausages not a big deal ,but my guests egg were barley warm so she sent them back to be rewarmed as they took her eggs I took a bite of my eggs to find them the same as well as the potatoes so when the wait person returned with the rewarmed and now a bit dry eggs I sent my breAkfast  back and waited a good 5minutes for my breakfast to return put down in front of me and watched the waitress scoot away briskly just to find the eggs and potatoes still the same temp as when I sent them back and now the sausage gravy she brought me earlier had cooled down  the guy next to us was going through the same issues after he sent his dish back he got up about 7or 8minutes later to go find where his breakfast had disappeared to.      wow. It was a tough day at the liberty market as you can tell from my earlier reviews your restaurant has always been in our top breakfast places hopefully you can relay this issue to your staff .......ps we never saw our wait person again to check in with us to make sure we were now satisfied with our meals
5	Great food, busy on a sunday afternoon, but they handled the crowd well. I ordered the rancher sandwhich, with the pasta salad, red velvet cake, and a stone pale ale. Sandwich was awesome, everything was real fresh and lots of flavor. Can't wait to go back so much on the menu I want to try. Breakfast menu looks amazing.
5	This was my first visit to Liberty Market and  I was not disappointed. You order at a deli counter and as we moved through the line, we convinced each other to get a slice of their carrot and red velvet cakes since we were going to be yelping, we just had to try desert too! The display cases showcased all the delicious, pastries, cakes, and salads and I like the fact you can watch the cooks make all the sandwiches, flatbread pizza, etc right in front of you. The slices of cake were huge and with the extra calories. I had the egg salad sandwich and out was simple and delicious. My favorite part was the bread, so fresh and delicious. I've had so many chicken and egg salads that are over flavored, but this one was just right. So good and next time I'd love to try their breakfast and espresso.
5	They have a great margarita pizza and a great burger!  I think this is the best of all of Joe's assorted restaurants.
5	Holy carp, do I love this place! It's my new favorite weekend breakfast hangout.Brak and I have figured out how to maneuver at Liberty Market (best tip: get in the door before 9) and have had about six good breakfasts in a row. I'm currently on a not-much-meat kick -- as opposed to my all-ribs-all-the-time kick -- so I've only had the veggie scramble with toast.My order is a little different each time, but always good. Sometimes the veggies are cut more fine, and the cooks obviously add them in different proportions depending on mood. I love that they have a light hand on the cheese in their eggs...when the already-good potatoes are light on cheddar, they are the best.This menu definitely offers several choices for ridiculously unhealthy breakfasts. Cinnamon rolls, biscuits, several forms of bread pudding, plus gravy makes my head hurt. Sticking with the eggs pays off; they are the freshest eggs I've ever tasted in Arizona.
5	Having visited this restaurant on numerous occasions, I knew I needed to write an updated review.  The double Cortadito is a favorite when I am in the mood for coffee.  Breakfast is exceptional and the "Best Chicken Sandwich" is entirely aptly named, so much so that I rarely order other items, though I have on occasion enough to know that everything here is good.
3	Food is good.  No kids menu though.  Because of that I give it only three stars.  I also think it is slightly over priced for a 'market.'  I ate in San Fran with a similar menu and it was less expensive than Liberty Market.  If you dont mind spending the extra money for good quality food Liberty Market is good for you.
4	Very nice little "market."  The son and I had breakfast there this morning.He had the "American" breakfast with 3 scram eggs, "Liberty" potatoes, and the split meatball.  I had the biscuits and gravy, and we shared a side of bacon.  I had a Cortadito Cuban micro latte, although I'm not a coffee drinker - just wanted to see what the fuss was about.  It did not convert me, sadly.Very decent breakfast and the price was in line with other places in town where the breakfast is above average (MBB, LGO, OE).We liked the layout, and yes the unisex bathroom setup is totally hip (not in the modern interpretation of "hip" meaning douchey, but in the traditional definition of hip meaning pretty darn cool.)Going back with both kids someday and see if we can try a few more things.  I wanted to try the Chorizo quesadilla and will do that next time.On the list of "Top Notch Phoenix-Area Breakfast Joints" for sure.
4	Took my clients to Liberty Market this past Monday for lunch. We had the best chicken sandwich and caprese panini. Both were delicious. But let me rave about the desserts.  The carrot cake was delish. Not sickenly sweet but delectable.  Moist layers with just the right amount of spice. Loved the cream cheese frosting and 4 layers. We also had the zebra brownies, which was a chocolate cream cheese layered brownie and the salt river bar. The salt river bar was not what I expected (in a good way). It had a saltine bottom and delicious butterscotch and chocolate layers. Not very sweet, I wish I had ordered coffee to go with it but was full from the bottomless soft drinks (BTW, thanks for having Coke Zero, my fave drink).  The chef came out and the servers came to check on us frequently. One of the nicest surprises was when the owner's daughter came by and checked on us. I said that I wish I had enough room to have a slice of red velvety cake but was stuffed.  I had noticed everyone around us had red velvet cake. She said it was a crowd favorite.  The very next moment she brought us a huge piece of the 4 layers of goodness!  She packaged it up and still brought us forks "just in case" we wanted to lingerand  try it. It was again the perfect balance. I don't like the really sweet type of red velvet cakes you get here in Texas. You could still taste the chocolate undertones eventhough the cake was a brilliant red.Just read the Cult of the Customer, and I will say, besides the wonderful food and outstanding service, Liberty Market created a "moment of magic" just by sending over the cake.  It showed me that the waitress listened to my wishes. Next time I am in town, I am going to Liberty market again!
5	Awesome food as well as service, and all at a very reasonable price.I would highly recommend the salmon BLT, and if you go the the coffee bar, ask for Jake.
5	This place should be a case study of how a restaurant should be run. From the way they prepare to food to how they serve it, customer service, quality, amount, and prices of food, and atmosphere. Great.
5	Any chance I have to make it to Liberty Market with friends I will! I love this place! They make a fantastic cup of coffee and amazing panini sandwiches. I particularly like the array of vegetarian options since I don't eat meat. As a garlic lover I can't get enough of their garlic hummus! Oh yea, and yes the bathrooms are indeed very cool. :)
5	Friend: "I'm going to pick Liberty Market for our dinner club this month"Me: "OMG! I LOVE Liberty Market!"Friend: "I love it too! So you've been there?"Me: "Uh, well, no. It just seems like the type of place I know I'm going to love."I was right. Cool ambiance, awesome food choices, and fantastic service... is it possible to have a crush on a restaurant? It would be such a perfect place to drop by for brunch or lunch, but sadly, it's about 30 miles away for me. Sigh. David, the executive chef and co-owner of Liberty Market took care of us - what a cool guy. I just read his bio on Liberty Market's website and he's had quite a history. His collaboration with Joe (of Joe's Family Farm and Joe's BBQ) made some magic.I shared sandwiches with a friend, so I could try two. I had the Maiden Lane (turkey, brie, red cabbage slaw, cranberry, and a horseradish aioli). I really liked the combo of the cranberry with horseradish. It definitely has a kick to it. I also had half of The Farmer (roasted veggies, grilled sweet potato, and goat cheese). Loved all the veggies! Note: make sure you like goat cheese because there's a generous amount (Another friend got it sans cheese and liked it a lot). I also had the sweet potato salad on the side - delicious!We couldn't leave without trying dessert. We shared carrot cake (it was very gingery which I love) and had delicious frosting. We also ordered a chocolate/peanut butter square which was a scrumptious tower of chocolate, peanut butter, and crackers sprinkled with sea salt. Bravo on the desserts!So how about opening a Liberty Market II on the north end of the Valley?
5	What can I say , amazing food and great service. We split the Italian salad and Sausage pizza. both were delicious! We also enjoyed a few of their specialty coffees, cafe cubano and cortaditas. Save room for the delicious bread pudding made from cinnamon rolls.
5	I've been to the Liberty Market several times and they never disappoint.  The men in my family always go for the wood fired pizzas (which are superb).. but for those who want a healthier option--their salads make for filling and guilt-free eating.  The place is always moderately busy, but never so packed that you can't get prompt service.  Plus, there is plenty of inside and outdoor/patio area to park your plates.  Even the bathrooms are well kept and clean.  This place has become a family staple.Fair Warning:  The red velvet cake will make you an addict.
5	5 stars....No Question.  Food options are good but I can only ever really focus on the Latte's.  Outstanding.  If you have not gone...make it a point.  If you really enjoy an authentic Latte then you will be returning again and again.
5	Mmmmmm, I went back here last night to try their lattes as I haven't tried them yet and my friend and I are on a coffee tour of Phoenix. They were delicious! The coffee was not too acidic and the barista even made a design in the foam.... I felt like I was back in Seattle. My friends also got some dinner, but I was going out later so I passed (begrudgingly). I tried a bite of theirs, though. The roasted chicken pasta was delicious, the chicken was so flavorful and the sauce was creamy, yet light. My other friend got mashed potatoes and hummus (weird dinner). The potatoes were really good, but the hummus wasn't anything special. We also shared a bread pudding. Wow.... this was super yummy.... it has a mountain of cinnamon -y whipped cream on top..... *drool*So Liberty market continues to be one of my fave restaurants in the valley.... everything is just so good!
2	We've been to Liberty Market a half a dozen times. Two of those six visits we experienced, what i consider to be, poor service.Overall the food here is wonderful, the prices are higher than average, at least the quality of food lives up to the prices.The fact that there are no waitresses helps keep the overall cost down.HOWEVER, regarding the 5.00 piece of Red Velvet Cake:My wife and I visited at night for a slice of cake and coffee, it was wonderful.So wonderful on our next visit, we ordered another piece of Red Velvet cake to go. Later that evening, upon diving into the cake, we noticed it was dry. We assumed it was cut from the end, resulting in dryness from the one exposed side.On the next visit, we ordered a piece of Red Velvet cake and I noticed it was pre-cut and sitting in "to go" containers. The whole cake was there, but the slice they gave us was pre-cut.I also noticed the bottom layer of the cake was a different shade of red than the other two layers. I notified the hostess, told her of our previous experience, to which she replied "well, sometimes when people take the cake home and refrigerate it they confuse the coldness for dryness". She proceeded to fetch us two forks to "test" the cake. She put the forks on our table and walked off...NEVER TO RETURN. First, I never said we refrigerated the previous piece of cake, because we did not. Secondly, we know our way around cake. Thirdly, when considering a FIVE DOLLAR SLICE OF CAKE, if I ask for a fresh cut piece, I better get one! NO QUESTIONS ASKED. We spent $30 for two entrees, one drink and one slice of cake. That's a lot of "cake" in order to receive a slice of cake with less than grocery store freshness.Our other previous negative experience was similar, we asked to substitute macaroni salad for potato chips (due to food allergy issues), they refused, saying they could charge us the $2 for the single scoop of macaroni salad, we refused.To their credit, Joe (the owner) was there, he came by and asked us how our meal was, we told him of our experience. He immediately jumped behind the counter and fetched the macaroni salad.Moral of the story...in my book Premium Prices dictate Premium Service...Liberty Market has the premium price part down, better than average on the premium food part...HOWEVER, on the premium service part...they fail, over and over again.
1	I decided to try this place for breakfast..you go in and order and then they give you a number and you sit and wait for your food.  I ordered the breakfast quesadilla with chorizo..it was very bland and really greasy.  Maybe I shoulda waited and went next door to The Farmhouse again, next time I will.
4	Spotted this restaurant in Phoenix Mag and had to try it!  Any place Joe Johnston does is good with me.  Had a great breakfast on a Sunday morning, peak time, but the line moves quickly and it wasn't a concern.  We were greeted at the door with a menu and an explanation as to how their process works (very smoothly.)  They have a ton of staff to accommodate the crowd.Enjoyed everything at the table: Farmers Omelet w/ fried potatoes, American w/ biscuits & gravy and 2 egg quesadilla dishes.The dishes are plentiful! 2 people could easily split one of the huge quesadilla's stuffed with eggs and meat of your choice.My favorite thing about this restaurant-they used an old historical building and made it fabulous in the heart of old town Gilbert.  I'm hoping other downtown areas will follow suit!  And did I mention they employ a large staff, thanks Joe!Your wondering why I only gave 4 stars?  They eggs in the quesadilla were overdone-oops. Fried eggs should not be brown.P.S. Don't miss the biscuits at this place!!!
3	I wouldn't say i am a liberty market fan quite yet.I ordered two orders for work one day hoping to be amazed and in complete awe in every bite i took. This was not the case.  My first order was the scramble with Italian sausage, mozzarella, and i believe sun dried tomatoes because they were a little too sweet for my liking. it was mediocre. something i definitely wont order again. The second order was the griddle bread pudding...yikes. i wasn't expecting those flavors what so ever. it reminded me of uncooked french toast with the texture of french toast and flan put together. i actually enjoyed it so much more the day after when it was a little cold after heating it up a couple of seconds and taking a bite with syrupy goodness. still not a favorite though. i will give them another chance though so until then they only get 3 stars for now.
4	Delicious! Food was tasty and their coffee wasn't too shabby either.  I wish they had more outside seating.  This would be a great place to hang out on a warm Sunday drinking a few beers munching on some munchies and enjoying the sun while catching up with friends.
4	The White Pizza is a must try!! It's one of the restaurant's customer favorites and it tastes amazing. The pizza has chicken, bacon, cheese, arugala, and an amazing garlic parmesan buttery sauce. It wasn't too rich at all and is something I've never tried before. Unfortunately I can't really say the same thing for their Hollywood Cobb salad which was very mediocre and nothing mind blowing. The atmosphere is great and is somewhere you can just sort of hang out. It has a relaxed feel to it and I really like the lighting and simple interior design. For a simple and fun date I recommend this place for the single guys out there. It's a loud and busy place but not to the point where you can't hear each other talking. Also, their red velvet cake is really good. The moist cake and the delectable cream cheese frosting blend together nicely to make a perfectly sweet dessert.
4	Loved it, great food good selection, goodmluck finding a seat!
5	Support this local gem in downtown Gilbert. Simple modern architecture and a unique dining experience. 1st visit was for lunch and there subs are amazing. 2nd trip for breakfast - somewhat limited selection, but very tasty. Coffee bar and different deserts made fresh every morning also a reason to visit. Spread the word and check it out. A refreshing change!
5	I've been to Liberty market several times and always recommend it to friends.  Everything I've tried here has been very good.  Their service is organized and great.  Sometimes you might see Joe, the owner walking around and talking to people.  Of the three restaurants of Joe's (Liberty, Joe's Farm Grill and Joe's Barbeque), Liberty Market is my favorite.Random, but take a trip to the bathroom - they are very innovative and cool. There is also lots of fresh produce and supplies that you can buy.
5	I had been to Liberty Market before but it just didn't stick out to me.  I preferred Joe's BBQ across the street. Well just this past week we ended up going to both Liberty Market and Joe's Farm Grill and all I can say is..."Why didn't I come back to  both of them earlier?"  The staff was beyond pleasant.  Exceedingly nice and helpful.  When I got my meal it wasn't what I ordered (or so I thought) but they cheerfully brought me what I actually wanted and offered to package the incorrect food as well and didn't charge me the difference between the two items ($5).  The Pressed Rancher sandwich was great!  And of course my wife said to me that I had ordered the wrong thing to begin with.  Our server delighted in telling us about their specials, his favorite foods and deserts.  A great experience.
5	I am so happy that we have found Liberty Market. It has become our go to place when we need to celebrate something great or just to get great food, this is it. We love to sit near the brick pizza oven with the kids so they can watch the pizza chef make their Margarita pizza or daddy's White Pizza, a pizza so good I have shared it with other patrons just walking by. Try the Liberty Bowl, a bowl of wonderful mildly spicy red sauce with amazing meatballs, pasta and crustini or a Tower Burger, I have no words to describe how good this burger is, if your a burger-holic try this one. Chef David and his wife are their to always make you feel at home, we love them. If you find yourself in Gilbert near old town, stop in and try them out you'll love it.
5	This is the best breakfast restaurant I've eaten at in the Phoenix area, comparable to the breakfasts I'm used to from the Pacific Northwest. The food is fresh and delicious, and the menu options are unique (but not too unique). It doesn't get much better than this!
5	Get the Carrot Cake!!!
4	Have heard about this place for a very long time, and decided to give it a try. It certainly lives up to the hype I've heard.I got the "Best Chicken Sandwich" and decided to upgrade from the chips. The sandwich was excellent, moist chicken breast, spicy avocado & chipolte vinaigrette providing amazing flavors! I asked for the much talked about roasted sweet potatoe salad, but had to exchange it. It had pecans in it, and I'm allergic. I switched and got the chilled caprese pasta salad. Was a good offering, but wish it had a bit more flavor kick.I'd certainly recommemd checking them out!
5	This place was great. We went in after seeing the reviews. It was a little.confusing at first with order your meal from the cashier with a paper menu. We ordered the hummus, flatiron steak, picnic salad and the zebra brownie. The steak was cook right at what I ordered, medium rare. My wife's salad was fresh and the zebra brownie was delicious. I intend to go there again and try them for lunch.
5	Amazing Salmon sandwich - ask for extra side of sauce, Awesome breakfast - their pancakes are unique and so FULL of flavor! Even their honey yogurt was amazing.  Have not had a single bad dish EVER at this restaraunt.  The chef has even come out and asked how things were going! Super friendly staff, and if ever a long line it is worth the wait!  Just got noted one of the best restaraunts in the Phoenix magazine.
5	Everything is great here! Breakfast, lunch, dinner, coffee, and dessert.  The staff is always very friendly and attentive with lots of seating options.  It makes me happy to see a place consistently busy in downtown Gilbert. But most importantly....the Salt River Bar is life changing!!
4	Took my family here for the first time and it was delicious as always.  Restaurant was clean and the food came out fresh.  The best was the latte though.  The Batista took her time and knew what she was doing.  Great job on the foam and the design on top!  Definitely will be back.I suggest the breakfast quesadilla with chorizo.  Yumm!
4	Liberty Market is an amazing place. It was the original market in Gilbert and was renovated into a classy, urban restaurant and coffee bar. I have not had the opportunity to sample all of the fare on the menu, but everything I have tried has been no less than superb. For breakfast I highly recommend the Breakfast Quesadilla or the Sicilian Scramble. The griddled bread pudding is a tasty treat, but be prepared to stuff yourself beyond belief (maybe make a stop at the Freestone Rec Center for a post gluttony workout).The E61 espresso bar is separate from the main dining order line, but you can order food while sitting at the bar (I recommend this option). The espresso drinks are crafted very well and with a great attention to detail. In fact, I have had a barista re-make my drink (without my request) because he was not pleased with the crema on my americano. The only downside is it can be noisy and crowded on the weekends, and parking is a bit of an issue. However there is ample parking behind the water tower park, its just not in close proximity. You might need the extra exercise though :)Joe Johnston has been a great ambassador to Gilbert and I am and always will be a huge fan of his business endeavors. Liberty Market definitely lives up to his high standards of quality, service, and value!
5	Liberty Market is by far my favorite restaurant in the Valley. Everything I have eaten has been fantastic, the featured burgers are always my favorite. Fabulous pizzas and sandwiches and cinnamon rolls as big as your head! The food is so fresh and they have a way of taking something simple and making it something extraordinary!The atmosphere is really awesome, it's just so... cool. Everyone who works here is so nice and always makes sure we are happy with everything. I just love it!If I had to complain about something, it would be that the menu isn't really made for kids. There are no smaller options for kids at all. Of course you could always share and that's what we do with our toddler, but we can only do that so long before we are spending as much on her dinner as our own.
4	I have been recommended to try this place out many times, and I finally did yesterday. The special of the day was the Bison Burger, which ran about $13 after taxes. The burger itself was a bit expensive, and for the price I paid it didn't fill me all the way. I had my meat done medium, but if I ever do get it again, I'd go for the medium-rare because it would probably be way juicier and tastier. They even let you go rare if you like all that lovely blood.I went with 2 of my girlfriends. One of them ordered the pizza, which tasted really delicious. It was different from the typical pizza because it tasted like lasagna! My other friend ordered the Italian sandwich. The taste was not as great as it sounded. It ran a little bland. For dessert, my friend ordered the bread pudding. It was a bit drier than all of the other bread puddings I've tried at other restaurants. The cream on this was very delicious and covered in cinnamon and nutmeg. I'd really recommend this dessert.Overall, great place to go with friends to sit, chat, and catch up with life. The layout is very cute and warm. Also, if you get the chance, visit the restroom!! This is one of the cutest restroom layouts I've seen in a restaurant. Each stall has its own theme!
3	My expectations were too high from all of the amazing reviews. I did find the restaurant to have a clean and comfortable feel.  I have to say the Cobb Salad was fantastic and the Carrot Cake was rich and gorgeous. I found the hummus and olives to be mediocre and the margherita pizza and caprese pasta salad to be very average. I guess I expected more...  I still think I will return at a later time to try more of the desserts and maybe go for a sandwich.
2	I'm not sure what all the hub bub is about with this place. I frequent many amazing organic and slow food restaurants in the Phoenix and Scottsdale areas, and I was excited to go out of my box to try something new. Don't get me wrong, the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. I had their chicken sandwich and a mocha from their highly recommended coffee shop, and neither really wowed me. For starters I tried to healthy up my sandwich by having it on wheat bread. I guess that was a mistake because the bread seamed stale and very dry. I also expect when I go to a coffee place for them to have more than 2% milk and cream.. For a place that is supposed to be healthy they sure don't have many options that allow you to go that route. On a side note the staff was very pleasant and despite the very long line we didn't have to wait long to get our food. I will give them another chance if I find myself near Downtown Gilbert around breakfast or lunch, but I'll be steering clear of their coffee next time.
4	I think reading all the reviews on Yelp made me over anticipate this place. I got there bright and early with my husband to beat the crowd (as a matter of fact I was the first in line at 6:55am and by the 7am opening there was 6 people behind us). The order process is much like Jason Deli, which I like because once you're done with your food you can leave without having to wait around for the bill. I ordered the Western Scramble, I was a little sad I couldn't substitute the biscuit for a pancake, but oh well. It also came with the "Liberty Potatoes" which were a little too greasy for my taste, the scramble was okay. My husband had the Sicilian Scramble and loved it, he ate everything on the plate.  The Hot Chocolate was better than I thought it would be, I ordered the largest size which is literally served in a "bowl" so my butterfingered friends please beware. I can see myself trying this place again, a little on the pricey side but not exorbitant. Next time I'll try the Grilled Bread Pudding.
4	Pretty good place. I went on a Saturday around 1130 and stood in line for 15 minutes and then sat on the outside patio since it was a nice day.  I ordered the veggie pizza since I seen a wood fired oven with bubbly pizzas coming out.  It was hard to make a menu choice here because everything sounded so good and you could see all the fresh salad fixings and side items in the glass window display. I heard from a lot of people that everything is good here. My pizza was soooo good. The crust was thin and crispy  like I like and it had a lot of yummy roasted veggies on top. I will definitely return soon!
3	Good, but not great.  We came here specifically because of reading reviews.  Not exactly sure what the hype about this place.  Don't get me wrong, the food was completly and totally average for this style of sit down place.  One of our sandwiches the meat was a little dry and they went completly overboard with the horseradish (sandwich called "the rancher"). The sloppy joe was good, but nothing I would come out of my way to come get.   If you were to take my advise, go across the street to Joes Real BBQ
5	Love, love, love Liberty Market. I've only been here a couple of times but it's been awesome each time. The service is great and so is the food. I recommend the Italia sandwich.  This place is always busy and is a testiment to their product.  Go. Eat. Enjoy.
3	A friend and I had the special burger at Liberty Market. The place inside is gorgeous and clean, and set up like a bistro. i didn't  get the impression that this was a restaurant that perhaps the way Olive Garden is setup, yet the prices are in line with it.The burgers were very tasty and I liked free drink refillsThe tab for my friend and I for lunch with 2 drinks was $30. That's too steep for a lunch in a place that is more like a bistro than a more formal sit-down restaurant. If it weren't for the pricing i'd bump up to 4 or 5 stars.
5	This is how it goes each and every time I go to Liberty Market. Note to self: SAVE ROOM FOR DESERT. Honey can I try some of yours..... just a bite..... as I start my way through the white wood fired pizza, oh what did you get? Can I try some? I wish they had a sample platter of EVERYTHING....OK save room.....yummmmm...did I just eat that entire pizza? Yep! Oh I'll take a slice of the red velvet cake......... can you put that to go?........... Honey where's your fork?
5	I absolutely love Liberty Market! I have never had a bad meal and even my husband who is the pickiest eater in the world loves it here. The atmosphere is very simple and modern and very cute. It does get very crowded on the weekends but that just tells you that its good :) also the bathrooms are sooo cool!
5	Love this place! The hubby and I are fans of businesses that stress local and/or organic fare. We have been very happy with the service and food quality every time we've visited. On our last visit, I inquired about the cordalitos on the espresso bar menu and we were given a complimentary order to try. If you order tea, you get an entire tea service complete with your own little teapot. A great place to try, and saves you from standing in line at The Farmhouse next door.
4	A great fast casual place for lunch in downtown Gilbert! You can tell the food here is very fresh, and many of the dishes are unique. I feel like you could frequent this place, and there would always we new things you would want to try. My food has always been great, and everyone else's look mighty tempting as well!Every sandwich or burger I've tried has had some type of special sauce or ingredients that really makes it stand out compared to other places. It's random, but I also really like that they have a few different types of fresh side dishes to choose from. They are displayed in a case you walk by before ordering, so you can choose the one that looks yummiest. Speaking of yummy, I have not gone over the edge and indulged in their dessert, but  they offer plenty of options, and they all look amazing. A friend and I agreed, we just wanted to ask for a fork and take a bite out of everything in their stinkin case!! The place itself is always very clean. Its busy, but the line moves fast and the food comes out quick. It is not full service, but the staff is friendly, and they definitely get the job done well!
4	I love this place. The line to order is really unique, sometimes I don't mind other times it's annoying. The decor is great and I Love the bathrooms! Parking is not very convenient. The pizza is GREAT. I think I get the Moline? The salads look amazing but I've never been able to get past the pizza. The desserts look great but I'm  never overly impressed when I get one. The espresso is very good and always nice wine and unique beers in bottles. The service is always very helpful and nice. The one missing star? It's not kid friendly at all and it's not worthy of the cost of a sitter(I'm sorry to say but I must be honest). My kids hate, hate, hate to go there. I think they feel unwelcome and the food is not designed for kids. We usually order them a $12-15 pizza FOR EACH and then tell the cashier to take all the expensive ingredients off which they do and we end up with a very expensive cheese pizza. The last time we visited someone finally said we could just order a cheese pizza at a reduced price, Thank you!In the end Gilbert is so lucky to have Liberty Market!
5	Liberty Market has slowly risen to be my go-to "fancy" eatery in the Valley. The food is fantastic and the price is just low enough that my broke college ass can afford to go there from time to time. This is usually a breakfast place for us but that's mostly due to our schedules. I for one love their weekend dinner specials because... they're almost always fantastic. Other positives: -Dog friendly. You cannot bring your pup inside with you to order but you can certainly sit outside and nosh with pup in tow. -Bread pudding. It's always good but most of the time it's fantastic. Fresh whipped cream and cinnamon rolls that have found a new life as custard.Negatives:-Somewhat limited menu. This doesn't really count against them because I'd rather eat at a place that serves 3 things well (See: In-N-Out) than a place that serves a thousand things poorly (See: Denny's)
5	Living in Los Angeles, my husband and I come to this restaurant every time we visit family in Gilbert. Why? The Cortado. This expertly crafted espresso drink hits the spot every time we order it from the well trained baristas.The coffee is amazing and the food is just as fantastic. I typically order the demi-breakfast with a blueberry pancake. Everything is fresh and expertly made. My husband swears it's the best biscuits and gravy he's ever had (I would have to agree). Lunch has delicious salads, although I typically split a pizza with someone. Much of the produce is picked locally at Agritopia in Gilbert.The atmosphere is relaxed, casual, but a tad upscale. You can tell that the designer of the interior paid special attention to details. There is free wi-fi, and if I actually lived in Gilbert, I could see this as a regular hang out spot. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. You can tell that the customer is their number one priority.On a side note, I drove to Gilbert for my birthday just to experience the birthday trifecta - $10 to spend here at Liberty Market, Joe's BBQ across the street, and Joe's Grill in Agritopia. A perfect foodie birthday!I would really like to attend one of the community dinners that are held monthly at the restaurant, but I haven't been in town. The menus are custom made for each event by the executive chef. You won't regret stopping by!
5	This place was amazing.  The breakfast was as good as it gets.  I liked how you could re-fill your own coffee, no need to wait for a server.  It is so bright and cheery there and I had such a nice time with my friends.
5	WOW!!! This place is AMAZING, has thee best breakfast I have ever had. Nice big portions and great food. Yummy!!!  I have been here twice now oh and did I say amazing!!! I think they should have a 6 star. Delicious.
4	I always enjoy this place! Sitting at the E61 Bar is always a must -  faster service and it is fun to sit, relax and talk with the Baristas. I'm kinda obsessed with their chai latte, simply delicious. I really can't drink Starbuck's Chai lattes anymore because of how good it is here. Liberty's other lattes/ cappucinos/ etc are excellent! As far as the food goes...all of their menu is worth a try! My favorite, "the Best Chicken Sandwich"... is really the Best Chicken Sandwich :) I usually always order that if I eat lunch or dinner there. Their bean salad or fresh veggies of the day as a side is also a must :) Yummy! Amazing recipes!
5	Liberty market is fast becoming one of my favorite lunch time treats. They have a menu that while not huge seems to have something for everyone. I am in love with their white pizza. The bread is fabulous and while it has some unique ingredients(Arugula and pine nuts) they are not just their to be trendy they truly add to the flavor of the pizza. The atmosphere is great and it is going to sound weird, but you should make a trip to the bathroom while you are there.
3	[Solid 3.5 but not rounding up to 4] I found myself randomly in Gilbert on a Saturday morning on a spontaneous mini adventure in which I allowed the universe to lead me around. By which I mean I allowed my interactions with people that morning (and the night before) guide me. A recommendation to the Gilbert Farmers Market and a growling tummy brought me here. I was guided to a seat at the espresso bar where I was guaranteed a seat and they would take my order directly. I didn't have to stand in line and order and then find a seat as typically directed. Ordering one of the "Liberty Market Favorites" Picnic Sandwich [roasted turkey, caramelized pecans,green apple, blue cheese, mixed greens, roasted red pepper aioli] to which I decided on a side of cucumber tomato salad with a red wine vinaigrette to accompany my choice, I waited. I watched as the line to order got long and glanced over at what my neighbors and fellow patrons were eating. Wow the portions for breakfast looked huge. My sandwich arrived. I was expecting more I guess. Considering all the potential layers of flavor....I took a bite. Turkey was bland but it was a generous portion. It had about the right amount of blue cheese but I could hardly detect the aioli. In hind sight I guess I could have asked for a bit more on the side. The cucumber salad was a bit bland too. Not enough vinegar for my tastes but it was fresh. In all I enjoyed the ambiance and the experience. I may have to try their breakfast or their pizzas next time I find myself in the area.
5	After wandering into Liberty Market on a Saturday while looking for a place to have brunch, I decided I may never leave.  Then I came back for lunch a week later, and decided to never leave again.  Having frequented Liberty Market now probably, ohhh...10+ times - always on weekends and always for breakfast/lunch, I'm dubbing it my go-to weekend meal.  I'm not normally a breakfast person, but this place has changed my mind many times over, especially when it comes to flavor, plus they've got something for everyone.  There is almost always a constant line that can easily be 15-30 people deep at any given time, but it moves steadily and you never really feel like you're waiting and there's always a seat ready for you by the time you order.  Depending on when you walk in, menus are available for breakfast, lunch or dinner (or both breakfast and lunch if you come in on the weekend between 10am and 1pm) and you can peruse the menu at your leisure while you wait to shuffle up to the register to order.  As you amble through the line, you snake along a tall cooler full of beverages from cans of limonata and bottles of exotic juices and sodas to cans and bottles of craft beer (including some local).  Further along the line you'll pass the pizza making station, where you can watch the cooks toss dough and unique toppings around before gently thrusting a fresh-made pizza into the brick oven (you could even watch it bake if you aren't in a rush...or hungry).  Right after the pizzas, the sides/appetizers and desserts taunt you from a cooler covered with glass that seems to sparkle thanks to all the delicious treats inside.  Just before you can take a look, someone will come up to you and give you a number while pointing out your table for you.  Then you can admire the caprese pasta salad, roasted sweet potato salad, corn-tomato-and-bean salad, hummus, fresh fruit and vegetables of the day, zebra brownies, carrot cake, bread pudding, red velvet cake, ice cream cookie sandwiches, and a cupcake of the day.  When you finally get to the register to order, food is the first thing on your mind and you can't wait to try everything.Also, if you're looking for some caffeine...order the cortadito.  Just do it.I could go on and on, but basically, the food is delicious and the wait times are manageable (the food arrives within 10-15 minutes after you sit down, if that).  It's not too fancy and it's definitely not plain, and yet it still avoids being pretentious while staying in the "just right" zone.  I'm not sure if that makes sense, but it's accurate.  Quick tip: they do not have a mist system outside, so they don't normally sit people on the patio in the summer, but it's well-shaded, so if you have a dog with you or just want to be away from everyone inside, they will sit you out there, you just have to ask.
4	After Rave reviews from my best friend I decided to venture over to Liberty market for a birthday brunch.1st of all - this area of Gilbert is absolutely adorable.At 10:00 A.M. on a weekday it certainly wasn't packed by any means but there was a good amount of people there. You pick up a menu as you walk in and then place your order up at the counter and a server will bring your food out to you as it's ready.She got the Western Scrambler which was a good amount of food but she said she had better items on the menu. I was deciding between the Breakfast Quesadilla and the Biscuits and Gravy. The girl taking my order recommended the quesadilla as it was much more filling (and I'm all about getting filled up!). The quesadilla did take up my entire plate and was actually very tasty. I personally don't like the quesadillas to be crunchy so I wasn't a huge fan of that, but otherwise it was pretty solid!I feel like the food is a little bit higher priced then what I would want to pay for it but I can ALMOST justify paying it. Maybe next time I'll have to try the biscuits and gravy since they seem to be loved by other yelpers!
5	Hands down my favorite East Valley Restaurant.  The staff is always friendly and professional, the food is always delicious, the place is clean, and I love the vibe!   I can't get enough of their sweet potato salad, and the baked goods are amazing!
5	Just perfect !!!  For what it is!!!  Down to the Edison light bulbs from rejuvanation!!
4	Liberty Market is a cool little place to have a nice relaxing breakfast.They also offer a lunch and dinner menu, but I've only been for breakfast. The breakfast options are not extensive, however they are good. I'd say the Breakfast Quesadilla is the winner on the breakfast menu.Liberty Market also has an espresso bar with some excellent and unique drink options. Do yourself a favor and order a Cortadito. This is a Cuban micro-latte with a big caffeine kick.Chill little breakfast spot with a cool espresso bar, gives Liberty Market an above average rating of four stars.
5	Love Liberty Market, I've never had anything I haven't loved.
5	I recently went to Liberty Market with my girlfriend. She wanted to take me to a breakfast place I have never been to before and was very impressed.We stood in line and wondering how we were going to get a table in the restaurant since it was so packed (Saturday around 10am). One of the employees handed us a menu and asked if it was our first time there. We said yes. He told us how the system works and gave us a card with a number on it and told us he would get us a table a place a duplicate card with our number on it. Right before we ordered our food our table was ready.I ordered the American Standard since I wanted a classic breakfast meal. I ordered the gravy since it came with a biscuit. I also ordered a  large iced latte. Most of the time I am hesitant  to order a latte at a restaurant  because I am such a coffee snob but the latte was quite good, I could taste the espresso without feeling like I had a glass of milk with a splash of espresso. There was not much bitterness to the espresso and was smooth and flavorful. The food was even better than the coffee. Breakfast is one of my favorite meals. When my food was brought to me I asked for some ketchup for my potatoes but as soon as I tried them I didn't even use any ketchup since the were so delicious they way they came. I had a great experience with this restaurant and will be recommending it to anyone looking for a place to get some great food!
5	Love this place! First, big props to Mr. Johnston for renovating an old (for Gilbert) buidling instead of doing a tear-down which is more common in the Valley. My architect cousin was seriously impressed with the structure. I remember Liberty Market when it was a ghetto liquor store that sold some decent chorizo. It's wonderful to have this space turned into a great restaurant where you can meet up with friends for breakfast, lunch or dinner.Breakfast is yummy. I always get the veggie scramble being a vegetarian. It's loaded with goat cheese so what's not to love? Biscuits, cinnamon buns, and sticky buns are fantastic.For lunch and dinner, I stick with the caprese salad or sandwich. Their thin crust pizza is very good, but the caprese is exceptional so it's hard to venture from it. I've had this dish all over town and while some places may have better bread (pane bianco), the actual fillings are so much better at Liberty Market. The other item I have a hard time straying from is the sweet potato salad. It's unreal! No mayo here, instead it's tossed with chipotle (i think) flavored oil, craisins, and pecans. On a side note, I would love it if Liberty would over some veggie meat option a la Capriotti's so that I could try their other sandwiches.Desserts all kick ass. I've had the red velvet and carrot cakes here, both some of the best I've had. If you're only going to get one dessert, make it the bread pudding. A friend of mine who lived in France for two years said it was the best in the world. It totally is! It's a great value two considering you can share it among 3+ adults.If you come here for nothing else, you must have some coffee. As a coffee drinker, it would be an abomination for me to visit Liberty and not get something from the E61 bar. The last time I went I got an iced latte, and I was actually mad because it was *so* good. Mad, as in "Why isn't all espresso this good?" and "Why don't I drink this every day?"
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!!  Great, classic food with a twist.  Something different but not too different.  Great atmosphere, great staff, great concept!  I have been here countless time and taken anyone that says they have never been and everyone loves it!  Unique, fun, clean convenient, and GREAT food!!
5	I really love visiting Liberty Market.  The food is always good and the sides are rotated so I seem to always try something new.  The first visit to LM I had the Maiden Lane and the slaw was delicious...as a side I had the sweet potato salad.  I have also had the vegeterian pizza that has asparagus and squash.  The pizza crust was cooked perfectly and had a wonderful wood fire taste.  The sangria is wonderful, full of fruit and goodies.  Also the carrot cake is something to have every trip.  So dence and moist.  I would eat at LM every day if I could afford it!  Love Love the Liberty Market.
5	This place is great. Took my wife and mother there this morning for breakfast. It's in old town Gilbert next to Oregano's and across from Joes real BBQ. Impressed with their expresso bar food and service. Highly recommend. Want to go back for lunch and/or dinner soon.
3	My never-ending quest for amazing breakfasts led me to Liberty Market yesterday. This place is cool and shiny in a stainless steel, bedazzled, old farmhouse sort of way. The atmosphere is definitely the main thing the place has going for it-- always packed, always lively, new and hip. I also give it props for using obviously fresh, local produce and meat. That being said, the breakfast didn't blow me away. I got a traditional combo of scrambled eggs, turkey sausage and a blueberry pancake. My date ordered the veggie scramble with a buttermilk biscuit and homefries. The pancake was delish-- super light and fluffy but the eggs and sausage were kind of lacking in flavor. Same went for my date's, though he said the biscuit was the best he's ever had and I'd have to agree. All this, plus their yummy display of desserts by the order counter, leads me to believe that Liberty Market knows how to bake but needs to add a bit of spice to its cooking. If I ever find myself in the boonies again, I would hit this place up (if only because there's not a whole lot of other options.)
4	I want to say this, I've left Phoenix and since moved. The owners of the liberty market wanted me to come back and they would buy me dinner or whatever would make me happy. They didn't do this to buy my review they did it to correct an error. As a owner of past company I respect the effort that they wanted to do this and I'm changing this to 4 stars for the effort alone. Yes people they do care about their customers.
4	This is a cool place to grab lunch and coffee.  I haven't tried breakfast or dinner here (yet), although their weekend dinner specials always sound interesting.My favorites are the caprese sandwich, potato salad, caprese salad, and egg salad sandwich (with or without bacon).  All really flavorful and delicious.  I've also tried a pasta bowl and pizza when I was with my daughter, since there is no kids' menu, and they were also good.Desserts - huge portions and yummy flavors, but... nothing has blown me away yet. I'll have to keep trying! :)I am a coffee junkie, and I think this place serves the best tasting coffee I've ever had. The baristas are always willing to suggest something when I have a hard time deciding.Lastly, the staff is ALWAYS friendly and courteous.
5	Good food, attentive staff -- all in a gracefully redesigned historic space.I had the crispy thin crust pizza with plenty of basil, from their wood fired  oven and some Lorina soda. Open breakfast, lunch and dinner with plenty of favorites to try later, no doubt I will be back soon.The drink menu included some local brews, but the day was young so instead, I wrapped things up at the E61 bar with their signature "cortadito", a Cuban espresso served with raw sugar in twin shot glasses, a delight for any coffee lover.
4	-Wait in line to order your food, the Hostess will seat you, and someone will bring your food to your table.-Friendly service.-Parking sometimes sucks, depending when you go.-BUSY, busy, busy...they claim they will find you a table, while you wait in line to order...but, what if the table hogs who are DONE EATING continue chatting for hours and NEVER leave and there are no tables available???-The restrooms are unisex. The toilets are individual restrooms and the day I went they smelled like urine, pee-pee men's restrooms. GROSS! Usually the restrooms smell clean...-YUMMY pizzas! Baked in a fire brick oven.-Yummy salads! Perfect portions! $9+. -Italia sandwich is a bit weird...what is that sweet vinegar jelly on the bread? Too gourmet for my liking!-Sandwiches come with a side of your choice.-Ambiance is like eating in a trendy warehouse.-I like Liberty Market!
4	Well, I've been to Liberty Market several times now and it's time to add my two cents. Yes, I know, there are already 250+ Reviews, what more could I add? Don't worry, I'll stick to the facts; consider this the cliff-notes version.Take the first parking spot you can find or drive the the lot west of the building. Walk in, grab a menu, and get in line.  With all of the goodness on the menu, try to make your decision before you get to the register.  A few of my favorites1. CORTADITO - coffee drinkers, do NOT miss this one!  Cuban miro-latte, on the sweeter side, served in a pair of espresso shots or a bowl, perfection!2. Rancher Salad - steak, caramelized onions, blue cheese, arugula, do I have to keep going?3. Sweet Potato Salad - a unique salad, SO much better than your average potato salad4. Cinnamon Rolls the size of a human face, if you're into to that kind of thing, share with a friend, or four.there are more, but I promised to keep it short.Back to the line. As you're making up your mind, be ready to answer the number of people in your party so they can set you up with a table.  Try to resist the incredible looking, super-sized pastries and desserts in the case, or not, what the heck, just get it!.  Pay the friendly cashier, proceed to the fountain drink station to fill your glasses, and maneuver the maze of tables to find the one with your number.Just a few tips.  One, it can get a little noisy in there, so may not be the best place if you're planning a discussion over your meal. Two, LM gets busy and the staff is always trying to find a table for the guests in line by the time they finish at the register.  So, while the dining room attendants are friendly and attentive, they are definitely trying to turn the table as soon as you'll let them.And now you know what to expect.  If you don't like lines or loud places, this might not be your favorite place. Overall, delicious, fresh food and shinny, happy people to bring it to you.  Let's just say LM is enough to get me out of my five mile Ahwatukee radius, and that is hard to do! Now you know the scoop . . . I'm out!  Enjoy!
5	Liberty Market is one of my new favorite places in the Gilbert area! We had the Grilled Chicken Pasta and Molinari Pizza, and I was wowed by both. To read my full food experience, visit my food blog at http://eatinganddrinkingacrosstheusa.blogspot.com/2011/08/gilbert-az.html
5	Fresh ingredients, friendly service, clean environmentthe food here always has a way of helping me feel light and weightless even though the portions are extremely big. Everything i've tried has been delicious and up to par with the ratings this place gets on yelp.I have yet to try any of their desserts though but trust me, it was really hard resisting the temptation of their display case. Cant wait to go back and recommend it to anyone!
5	The place was packed and we got served quickly at the coffee bar. I had a really tasty italian soda and watched the Barista do some crazy drinks. I really liked my breakfast. The potatoes were freaking amazing. I recommend.
4	Awesome food at a fair price.  Old Town Gilbert.  Nice atmosphere.  As far as I can tell, this is NOT a chainWent here for lunch with family and friends.  Timing was excellent as the place was not as crowded as other comments mentioned.  I'll be back :-)
5	Gluten free options! Awesome italian soda/creme drink! Not to mention I found out you can order/eat at the espresso bar and skip that long line on the weekends! Definitely going to be back here again for breakfast! P.s. the owner is very friendly
4	Upscale, urban and very clean.  Food very nicely done and tasty.  Fair price and pleasant staff. One thing that could use some improvement was their expresso.  It was bitter and lacked richness.  They have a bakery area and the goods looked decadent and professionally prepared.  I will be back!
5	the wood fired pizza is excellent! I can't wait to eat here again. I also tried to grilled bread pudding for breakfast and it was excellent, the portions are large and you feel the need to eat it ALL because it is so delicious.
5	Supercalifragilisticexpealidocious. I'm serious. It's that good. And I'm talking everything here. The food (priority number one for me), the atmosphere, the service... EXCELLENT.This was  my second time back and I was even more blown away... I got shivers, I closed my eyes, I made "mmmm" sounds. I think I embarrass Kyle when we go out to eat... whatever I like my food beezies!I ordered the Caprese sandwich again... the bread was a little crispy and made my mouth hurt but it still tasted like it was made by the gods. Instead of the caprese pasta salad (which is BOMB) I got the sweet potato pasta salad which was extremely good! I was SO FULL. Kyle got the Picnic sandwich, which had him talking about flavor combos and "mmm-ing" to himself... so I'm not the only one here people. So even though we were full I'm a dessert person I made Kyle share the bread pudding with me.... WORTH IT. It's smothered in the best whipped cream I've ever tasted and it's so eggy and delectable I died a little.We also had coffee! The barista was awesome, so friendly and he recommended Kyle try the cortadito which was sweet but so perfectly blended with the espresso that I almost drank his whole drink instead of mine. I got a soy latte which was just ok bc the soy milk flavor was too strong. everyone was so helpful and friendly here. The busser even stopped to tell me the bread pudding is made with their cinnamon roll bread! Ahhhh-mazing!SO GO HERE
5	We've been here a few times now.  An eclectic variety of dishes with a unique twist on each.  An American fusion of cuisines that they make their own, ranging from pizzas to grilled meats and fish.  Haven't had a bad meal yet!  Good stuff.And on your birthday they'll credit you $10 towards whatever you want on the menu.
3	The customer service here is awesome! The sandwiches and hamburgers are awesome. I like that there is rice pudding available amongst the other delicious cold case items. Here's my problem...the breakfast blows. Now I have tried breakfast items here more than once so this review is not based on a one time experience. I have not been impressed with the breakfast other than the biscuit. It's very average and super pricey for the portion you end up receiving. There coffee bar is also pretty pricey for what you end up receiving. The only thing I don't mind paying for other than the hot tea service is the hot chocolate because it's very delish and comes in a bowl.
5	Liberty Market never disappoints. I decided to plan a lunch at Liberty Market for my moms group and much to my surprise 25 moms with 25 babies rsvp'd. I called ahead and got in touch with Kiersten who graciously agreed to accommodate our group. Although they don't take reservations, they did reserve two big tables for us. They also made a "stroller parking" sign outside for us. As always, the food and the staff were great!
5	I really like this place. An eclectic American fusion menu including unique pizzas, burgers, seafood, and more. Good stuff.  You order at the counter, and seat yourself.  Service is friendly.  And on your birthday they credit you $10 towards your meal. A nice little gem in Gilbert.
5	Joe - wherever/whoever you are... you sir, are a genius. LOVE LOVE LOVE the Joe's line of restaurants. Went here because I love Joe's Real Farm Grill and wanted to see if his 3rd restaurant in Gilbert would hold up.Yup! It did! The bathrooms are just as fun (and borderline creepy) as all the other :)Food = AMAZING! The chicken pasta is to die for. Twice. The sloppy joes are even good - and I don't like retaurant sloppy joes :)All in all - go here. It's delicious.
5	Love every meal I've ever had!!!! That's quite a few!!!
5	I had the pleasure of having the grilled bread pudding for breakfast recently. It was so rich and delicious!Liberty Market has a wonderful feel to it - very inviting and relaxing. The bathrooms are completely adorable with each stall having its own theme.
4	I am a big fan of this place.  I have been to it at least 6 times already and everything I've had has been really enjoyable, inventive, and also served with great-spirited staff.  They seem to hire only nice, friendly, people which really makes the experience more enjoyable.  Things I've had that I recommend: Pesto Burger, White Pizza, Sweet Potato dish, Blueberry Scone, Lattes, Wines and more.  I like that you stand in line to order, get a seat, and then you're brought your food.. makes it a casual, but upscale casual experience.  Every time I go I want to try something new because I look forward to being impressed again.  Location is great - easy parking; Atmosphere is also nice - lively, active, social, upscale feel yet still family-accomodating.  I always look forward to returning here.
5	The Molinari Pizza, the Sicilian Pan Pizza, The Picnic Sandwich, and (even though i missed it this time) the unbelievable Salt River Bar.  If you like Pomo, Pizzeria Bianco, or the like you will love the wood fired pizzas at Liberty Market.  Great concept, great food, and a very savvy menu.  I have full intentions of visiting this place as often as I can.
4	I met a cute Yelp friend for lunch at Liberty Market yesterday.  I'd heard about Liberty for a couple of years now and was really looking forward to checking it out.Parking can be a little tough but once inside the building the fun begins.  The exposed brick, steel and wood provide a very comfortable, open and contemporary look and feel.The menu is really quite large.  I decided to go with the Rancher sandwich.  It is pressed (like a panini) which I like.  Roast beef, caramelized onions, blue cheese, arugula and horseradish give it some zip. Really, a very good sandwich.  The side caprese pasta salad was excellent as well.I'd like to come back and try their other sandwiches, salads and pizza.  It all looks good.Thanks Liberty Market for such a nice lunch!
4	We went to Liberty Market because the wait at Oregano's was too long.  I had heard many good things about this restaurant, so we gave it a go.The atmosphere was very cool.  I felt as if I had been transported to a restaurant in a different city.  Everyone in our large group was comfortable at our table.  The staff were very friendly and helpful.  We were told to place our order before the crowd came.  We looked around and didn't see many people.  I was amazed when a flood of people came into the restaurant and formed a line stretching to the back of the restaurant!  It was as if somebody rang a dinner bell in Gilbert.The food was decent, but maybe it was just that I ordered the wrong items.  We shared a cobb salad and a pizza.  I will have to go back and try a few more items to form a better opinion.
5	So yummy! Cinnamon rolls are awesome. Share one with a friend and a cup of coffee. For lunch score a white pizza with chicken, bacon, arugula, and pine nuts. Really any pizza here will do!
5	I tried the white pizza and picnic sandwich.  The pizza was the best white pizza I've had anywhere, and the sandwich was very fresh.  I look forward to trying breakfast here.
4	Liberty Market is on of my favorite places in the valley. Ive been coming here since they opened. Its starts with the historic building that was renovated, yet preserved for the Old Town Gilbert setting. The Menu is fantastic and in all reality you just cant go wrong on any item. The menu features great pizzas, sandwiches, salads and is highlighted with incredible gourmet options at an affordable price.The E61 espresso bar is first rate and one of the only REAL coffee spots in the east valley.Even the bathrooms are unique! Make sure you check out each one!
5	I found one of my favorites wines eating here.  The New Age is a white blend from Argentina and it is very easy to drink.I especially like the steak here, and yes...I will pair it with my fruity white wine.
4	I definitely have to return and try the food. We stopped here and enjoyed some coffee. I had a cafe latte and added the Chai shot. It came out good but what made me glad was the fact the barista did his effort to gave us good presentation in the cortado and mine. Next time...food!!
4	Gilbert is an up and coming suburb with new buildings and neighbors.  However when you go to old town Gilbert to eat at Liberty Market, you find yourself transported to the "olden days."  The area gives you a feel of what Gilbert was like decades ago.  Liberty Market provides fresh ingredients obtained from local markets.  I was told that they even have a garden of produce for their meals.   Below are some of the great dishes I've had the restaurant.Salmon BLTWhat a great twist on a classic sandwich.  I'm usually not a big fan of salmon, mainly because if cooked wrong, it can taste bland and dry.  However this grilled salmon was flaky, soft, moist, and melted in my mouth.  All the ingredients complemented each other and my taste buds were happy.   Caprese SaladWho knew a simple salad could taste so good.  Caprese is simply just mixed green, mozzarella, and tomatoes.   The large chunks of tomatoes and mozzarella gave a wonderful presentation to the platter.  The main thing I thought that set this salad apart was their balsamic vinaigrette.   The sweetness of the vinaigrette contrasted with the tangy tomatoes.  It's sweeter than the normal balsamic vinaigrette and a bit thicker than what I'm used to.  However that's the beauty of it.Bread PuddingThis tastes essentially like a moist cake with real whipped cream.  A great dessert should satisfy my sweet tooth, but not so sweet that I can't take more than a few bites.  And this bread pudding gives me that please.  Great for a snack or to cap off a great meal to tend to your sweet tooth.  Great food, interesting ambience, and be a part of the "eat local" crowd with Liberty Market.  Don't forget to try their variety of coffee selection.   A great place to come back to again and again.
4	One of my new favorite restaurants.  I had the Maiden Lane sandwich (pressed) and the Roasted Sweet Potato Salad as my side.  Both were amazing, but my only complaint is that they went a little heavy on the horseradish spread.  Next time I'll ask them to lighten up.My husband ordered a burger and potato salad.  He said the burger was amazing, but the potato salad was terrible (I agree, it was so bland).What I didn't like:  I was really bummed that they were out of the local beer I wanted to try.  And I can't say I'm a big fan of the ordering system and getting my own drinks.  I'm tipping to have them bring my plate and seat me?Overall, loved the restaurant and we will be back again.
3	This is rather hard to do, but in good conscience I have to knock off a few stars from Liberty Market. The past two visits, I've had less-than-delish food and have been pretty disappointed in my old favorite.The Italian Salad that I have loved since first bite, doesn't taste the same and doesn't taste as fresh (the greens, that is).In addition, the soup that was pretty darned delish (minestrone) was watery, less-than-hot in temperature, and very tasteless.The lovely lady that used to make salads has disappeared from the scene, and I am wondering if that is the reason that my Italian Salad doesn't take oh-so-fresh.Perhaps this little lunchery is just getting too popular, and there are steps to reduce wait that are impeding the wonderful flavors of months gone by...Whatever the reason, I'm sadly disappointed as of late in Liberty Market...
4	This place has one of the best "vibes" in Gilbert. The decor is awesome. The history is amazing. And their method of operation is brilliant.Upon walking into LM I could tell I was going to dig this place. Exposed brick. Huge pizza oven. Activity. Welcoming host. Lots of chatter. All good things.My first time there I was a little thrown off by their system. You don't wait to be seated, you wait in a line to order your food. While in said line they have someone get the number of people in your party, give you a number and then tell you where you're sitting. Once you order your food and pay, you sit at your table and wait for the food to come out. I dig eating breakfast here because of their self-service coffee bar. There is no waiting for a server to come refill your mug. Simply get out of your seat, carry your cup over, and then choose from one of 4 different types of joe.The food I've had here is nothing to die for, but it's well done and presented nicely. The cinnamon bun and Monkey bread/Sticky bun could feed a football team, so if you're up to split one while sipping on some coffee on a Saturday morning with your significant other, then this is the place for you!
2	Dissatisfied. I heard such great things about this place and low and behold, the food was bland. The egg salad sandwich was eggs and mayo, with no taste at all. The tomato basil soup was horrible, and the "garlic" hummus had less flavor than my glass of water. I would not recommend.
5	The white Pizza is off the hook, one of my favorite places to eat in the Valley. Go Joe & Team! If you like this place also check out Joes real bbq and Joes farm Grill. AWESOME!
2	This is my 2nd time here at this great revitalized old building. The food is good.BUT I'm disappointed with the seating manager literally arguing with us on wanting a 4 top when there was literally no line & 6 tables available. He made my hubby so mad he won't ever want to come back. Way to go "Seating Manager". What happen to pleasing the customer. We saw 4 other 4 tops with only 2 people at it.  You should never argue with a customer. The only table for 2 was crammed at the end of a bench, seating far too close to complete strangers.The food was good as before, although I feel there has been serious biscuit  shrinkage. The vegetable egg scramble is delicious and the cinnamon roll was fab!Clearly a long line next door, maybe they had similar issue and don't care to take one of the many empty tables.
4	Liberty Market is a great place in downtown "Historic Gilbert." As far as I'm concerned this place fits right in to the ambiance of downtown Gilbert. You wait in line to order, which is a bit different, and the line for brunch can get long. The other quirky thing is if you're in a group they would like you to order all at once so you get one number per table. A little funny I think, but it's casual, delicious and well worth the wait. I had the Grilled Vegetable Scramble, and the veggies were cooked to perfection. Not soggy, over done, or underdone. Which is fabulous! The atmosphere is quite nice, with all the big windows that look over the beautiful downtown Gilbert area. Parking is also plentiful.Funny note: bathrooms are amusing, you have to check them out.
5	Part of it may be nostalgia. If you grew up in G'Town you shopped at Liberty Market when it was the town's general store. Maybe you and your cousins would show up in a pack to buy a coke (in a bottle) and pick up some groceries for the grandparents. Joe Johnston, always respectful of Gilbert's history and people, has opened a great place to grab a casual meal with family and friends.  The breakfast is the best.  Especially the biscuits.  They taste just like the one's my nana used to make.  They have a bit for everyone on the menu, including great coffee, a nice selction of craft beers and a decent wine list.  It can get crowded around meal times but it's worth the wait.
5	Truly as good as i gets.  Just went again this weekend (on a Sat); the line looked intimidating, but it went faster than I thought.  The older gentleman who works there (my husband and I have had a lovely conversation with him before) was there again handing out menus as guests entered and we had another lovely conversation with him - we asked about the 'E61' name and he gave us the history of the Faeme E61 espresso machine one of the owners had brought over from Milan.. what an interesting story.  Needless to say, the espressos we had were outstanding - super dark and rich crema. The great thing we learned is that you can walk right up to the 'E61 Bar' and order your food/drink w/out having to wait in the long line (that is KEY to know!). Both our breakfast dishes were highly filling and very flavorful (their steak scramble is very tasty and I really like their honey biscuit). When the staff is continually friendly and prompt and their food is repeatedly tasty and filling - you are darn near 'as good as it gets'.
3	Been hearing quite a buzz about this place recently and finally got the chance to try it on my own. Concept is pretty much like all the other Joe's restaurants, you order at the counter and go find a seat. We got a tower burger and a sausage pizza to share. Burger was great. Juicy, meaty, and well seasoned. I also loved the pineapple relish that came on the side as part of the trio dip. Other two dip was ketchup and chipotle mayo/thousand island? or something that I didn't care too much for. We subbed the side of kettle chips for swt potato salad ($1 extra) which was pretty good. Kinda, sorta like candied yams but not as sweet. Pizza was eh. Could've used a bit more oven time to get some charred wood fire taste. I didn't really like the ricotta on the pizza either. Don't think I'll be trying pizza here again. I can't decide if I really liked the place or not. The burger was good but they also have good burgers at Joe's Farm Grill. I think I'd drive a bit further to Farm Grill because I also like the pizza better there.
5	J'adore Liberty Market.  For breakfast, you have to try the smoked salmon plate.  Lunch, try the caprese sandwich.  The bread is a little too toasty, and can irritate the roof of my mouth..otherwise, it is so good!  For dinner, try the special.  For a snack, try a scone and the ca phe.  If you have a chance to attend a community dinner, DO IT!  They are so good and a great value.  Support local restaurants!
4	got a pancake and double americano. Both were really good. Pancake was maybe a bit underdone but overall it was all very good. Didn't need to sugar the coffee.
5	This place was off the hook and the staff was top notch!  We went in and couldn't decide what entree to choose, because everything looked so good but when talking to John, he recommended the meatball sandwich on panini bread which wasn't on the menu.  One of the best sandwiches I've had and the atmosphere was good.  Definitely gonna come back on my next visit
5	I was at Liberty Market this morning for breakfast. The grilled bread pudding is amazing. And the bathrooms are so adorable!
3	I adore all of Joe's restaurants. That being said, I think this one is my least favorite..(which means it's still better than most of the restaurants I've had the pleasure of dining at in the greater Phoenix area.) I got the chicken sandwich and it was okay. I think I could have found something on the menu that I would have enjoyed more, but for some reason I wanted to try it. I think I'll have to try the pizza next time, because it looked amazing. The service and atmosphere were great, as per all the Joe's establishments. I wasn't completely fond of standing in line for awhile to get a table and order my food. Sometimes I just want to sit down at a table and have the server come to me after a long day.That being said, I would love to try this place again...especially for breakfast!
4	I had the Salmon BLT today. Serious yum.  My only wish is that they had a separate line to for pastries.  My son wanted the GINORMOUS cinnamon roll but the line was too long to wait in a second time.  Also, the espresso machine is a beautiful work of art.
5	Gilbert is shaping up to be quite a hip little downtown and Liberty Market is the reason. It will be nice to have Postino there when it finally opens too. You have to thank Joe Johnson for bringing us this authentic little gem. It's nice to know that this part of town can indulge in a nice little f&b experience too. Thank you JOE! Now bring it to Chandler, we are dying for something in the neighborhood. Hint...hint. Ocotillo/price area overlooking the farm land and Indian Reservation....sunset, etc. Oh, and the food is fresh, amazing and creative. Whoot!
5	I don't know why Yelp describes this place as "coffee and tea" when it's a full blown restaurant/sandwich shop. My husband and I were passing through downtown Gilbert and their patio just looked too inviting to pass up. We split the Rancher and Farmer sandwiches and each got a beer. They really have a great beer selection. The sandwiches were delicious and huge. We each took some home and had a great late night snack after a Suns game later that day. The roasted vegetables on the Farmer tasted fresh and were still vibrantly colored. The Rancher was the perfect blend of bleu cheese, beef and horseradish. Even the sides were delicious. They should sell their bean and corn salad by the gallon. Even their pasta salad was filled with fresh tomatoes and basil as well as freshly made mozzarella pearls. The atmosphere of this place is also pretty great. The patio is simply decorated and naturally shaded by trees. I'd imagine it probably stays pretty nice even during the summer. The staff was beyond courteous as they answered my numerous questions about the menu and one of the cooks even came out to ask how we were enjoying our meal. I really can't wait until I have an excuse to go back. I've only lived in AZ for a couple of months but this might be my favorite place. I'm from Chicago so I have pretty high standards when it comes to restaurant patios and this place rivals some of my WIndy City favorites. Don't check this place out if you're in Gilbert; go to Gilbert to check this place out!
5	From apps to deserts this place ROCKS!!
5	Another one of Joe's jewels.   I eat here whenever in the area.  Casual atmosphere.   Great food; their rice pudding is excellent; great hamburgers and sloppy joes.   Alway a good place to go for great food at a reasonable price.     You have to vist the restrooms and check out the interesting facts and artifacts.
5	Very very good. No regrets!
4	Liberty Market is definitely an awesome place to grab a bite, should you find yourself in Gilbert.  I've had several items on the menu, including salads and paninis, and they were all good.  I've never been here for breakfast, but they do have an impressive looking espresso bar, and some of the largest baked goods I've ever seen.  Considering I have a cousin in Texas who makes cinnamon rolls as big as your head, you can only imagine what they looked like here, to be so impressive.  Also, I don't know what they put in that sweet potato salad, but it is crazy good!  I do have to dock a star for the bathrooms.  Ironically enough, the person responsible for the layout and design of the bathrooms was on hand my first time here, and she gave me a lenghty spiel about how great the bathrooms were.  As I ventured to the back, and turned the corner, the horror of the situation slowly set in....UNISEX BATHROOMS!!!!   WHY, GOD WHY?!!!!    I MUST resist the urge to run screaming from the bathroom.   I then ran into the same person on the way out who was eager to know what I thought of the bathrooms.   "Weren't they great?"  Still stunned, I managed to sort of smile and nod, as I tried to hide my horror.  Moral of the story, go there to eat; go somewhere else when you have to go..
1	Rude service :-( Stopped in on a Sunday morning to have some Espresso with my wife.  The Cappachino and Latte were ok.  Unfortunately the manager wasn't able to keep her head with the busy morning.  She did have lots of people in line waiting for food but more than half of the seating was open (kitchen slower than people eat).  So instead of giving us and some other customers choice of open tables she insisted on bar seating and them in a rude way made us sit all the way to one end.  We saw her approach another customer in the same rude way while we were there.
3	I wasn't impressed but tried going three different times. Food is ok service is fair and cost is a little much for what you get.
5	I've been to Liberty Market several times now.  Good food, lines can be long, outside seating is pretty nice especially during the cooler months.  I would highly recommend this place.
5	This place has probably the best breakfast in the area. REALLY. And if it wasn't just the food that would blow you away in itself, they even serve alcohol!! Mimosas anyone?? lol
5	I realy enjoyed the food, service and atmosphere.  My wife and I had sandwiches.  They use quality ingredients at Liberty Market.  We will return.
4	Last time we were in Gilbert we stopped in for lunch.  Wow, we couldn't believe the LONG line.  We decided to still give it a try.  Forty-five minutes later we were seated at our table enjoying our lunch.  My husband ordered their special hamburger made for the Chinese New Year.  It was a fantastic blend of Asian flavors and the burger itself was super moist and tender.  He was a huge fan!  I also had a few bites and I was as well.  I ordered the steak sandwich which was also very good, but not as good as his burger.  We also ordered the sweet potato salad and LOVED it.  It was the best I have ever had.  Great place to eat  but go early or late to beat the huge crowds.  Also great indoor and patio seating.
1	If you want to pay $4 for a cup of chicken broth, by all means, this is your place. I was excited to try this place because I love Joe's BBQ. I heard that they gave you a free meal ($10) on your birthday so I thought that would be a good time to try it out. I was out with a friend and she watched our kids in the car so I could run in and get the food and take it back home. Well after I placed my order, the cashier  told me I could only get a birthday meal if I was eating it there, but that I could have a dessert free. She said they had been having problems with it and had to change the rule. So, I ended up feeling like an annoyance to them on my birthday. I waited 15 minute for them to scoop and package a bowl of tortilla soup and when I got home and tried it I was so disappointed! It had no chicken or vegetables in it! Seriously? $4 for a cup of chicken broth? I will not be going back.
5	Yum! A trendy joint in the old downtown area. The breakfast was amazing! The veggie scramble was made with goat cheese and very tasty. The cinnamon roll however was old and  looked like a huge dry crouton!
5	Yum, yum, yum. I have put this in my regular rotation for every time I'm in Gilbert.  They have great sandwiches, sides, and burgers and for the most part we have had some fantastic service (my friend has had one or two iffy experiences but mine have all been great)... this past weekend I had one of their burgers of the week which had some white wine grilled onions with Gruyere cheese and it was KILLER, probably my fave burger I've had there.  I've also tried their soups which have been great and their grilled cheese.  The Caprese Pasta Salad is so refreshing and a fave side of mine!
4	This was a hard one to review for me.First of all - FIVE BIG AWESOME STARS FOR THE FOOD!!!This food is crazy delicious.  Like, just from one dish, I know all of the others are going to be on my most wanted list.Everything is fresh, and well prepared, and so frickin' TASTY.I would give more stars for the food.I came in for breakfast on a Sunday morning and had the most tender, melt-in-your-mouth green chile pork scrambled into eggs and cheese, with a wonderful chunky biscuit, Liberty potatoes (think chunky potato-au-gratin but better), and I added a blueberry, bacon pancake on the side.I could not have been more satisfied with the food.However.The service system is not my style. I give it 2.5 stars. Barely.Mostly because the awesomeness of the food should pair with some seriously awesome service.In IHOP, I expect IHOP food and service, and one does not out-do the other.  But here you get down-home local goodness, matched with so-so service. It just doesn't compute.You walk in.  Wait in a line of about 15+ people with only 1 cash register (this just seemed unnecessary.  why can't i just sit down and someone take my order like every other not-that-great restaurant?), and then random people bring out your food, and random people wander around the dining area looking more interested in cleaning off tables, than on actually serving the diners.I had to ask like 3 "dining room attendants" for the same thing (just some salsa) before one of them actually returned after I'd basically finished.But I had barely left my seat when they were already clearing off my dishes.The service vibe just didn't go with the great food, decor and build up.I guess it's all about expectation.  If I'd read more reviews I would have known and maybe not have been so disappointed, but still.  This food DESERVES good service.Definitely eat here, but don't expect personal dining service.
5	We usually go for breakfast, but wow, dinner is outstanding! (And today we went to Liberty Market for both... LOL) It can be pricey & you will spend a pretty penny on any of the specials they have, but we do it every time because it is so worth it!!! When Chef Dave puts a special on the menu, you can be certain that it will be full of flavor & amazing! I have to say, he has perfected the soup du jour-it has been delicious no matter which one we try. Highly recommend dining here =)
5	Love this place.  Friendly staff. Always a treat to see what's cooking on the weekend. I don't mind standing in line to order. Great way to meet new friends and talk to old ones. Ask Kiersten about the cortadito.
4	Another one of Joe's great places. Been coming here for over 3 years now and have yet to be disappointed in anything. Been to the community dinners too. If you have not it's a must. Differently should put the duck confit enchiladas on the menu PLEASE!!!
4	This is the type of restaurant/coffee bar you take somebody whom you want to impress. Liberty Market is modern, stylish, and has excellent food and service to back up the impressive atmosphere. I have in the past driven 30 minutes from my house just to have an iced carmel latte made by these guys. It's just that good. The menu is also inventive and I would highly recommend getting the appetizer pizza to start with hummus on the side. All of the meals are great, and therefore I can't recommend anything above the rest. It's all so good! Be sure to check out the restrooms before you leave, too. Go inside every stall (they are co ed) and be amazed! Four solid stars from this girl!
4	A solid local spot that generally lives up to the high expectations that we have for a "Joe's" dining experience. Multiple visits have not failed to please, though one could ask for more consistently-diced Liberty potatoes--seems like there are a few undercooked, crunchy cubes on every plate. Finally, either the kitchen needs a refresher on what caramelized onions are, or the menu needs updating to reflect what's being sent out--SAUTEED onions. I'll be happy either way, but help me keep my expectations in line with reality!
3	I have mixed feelings about Liberty Market. I love the atmosphere but you really have to time it perfectly when you choose to go or you will walk into utter chaos. Avoiding weekends is probably a good idea. I went during the late afternoon on a Saturday and it was busy but not horrible. I ordered the Italia sandwich and unfortunately had to request something else. I'm not sure what was wrong but something just tasted really off. They were super nice and asked me to choose something else. When I got my new selection (the margherita pizza) I was really impressed. It was some of the best pizza I've ever had. Overall I would eat there again, just never on a weekend :)
4	Awesome!I am a high fan of this place. First of all, this place is has more people than an unemployment office when its busy. I have not tried their Pizza but the Pizza looked great as I walked in line. I tried their Ice cream sandwich desert! wow! The fresh chocolate chip cookie along with vanilla ice cream was a huge compliment with my amazing iced Mocha. This place rocks! I can't wait to dine in!
4	One of my favorite places to eat in Gilbert. I'm particularly fond of their coffee. They have quality food as well. I'd like to see the menu rotated a little more often or slightly expanded.
4	We first saw this joint on a Saturday when it was just as packed as it's fellow downtown Gilbert neighboring restaurants, and wanted to see what it was about. So I yelped it to see what people were saying. We returned for dinner and studied the menu, but ate like it was lunch time (?). We ordered 2 of their "Italia" panini sandwiches (their sandwiches come with a cold side). The paninis were amazing (fresh, and not thrown together), and the side of tomato-cucumber salad I enjoyed was tasty. They have a nice assortment of local beers as well, which is always a plus. Service was great. I think we'll try it out for lunch next time.
4	The sticky bun is where its at!  Delicious coffee drinks. The  sandwiches are good too. Pressed of course. Staff is always very nice. Lines can get very long during lunch and on weekends but usually move fast. Great place!
1	Liberty market does have a certain down home country feel too it. Having said that, Its about the only thing it has going for it. They have a limited menu, which all items are over priced, but that may be due to the fact they do not have waiters? cause you place an order at the bar, get your own drinks and silverware , so theres not alot of service.The food was decent but again because of the price $14 for chx pasta bowl it wasn't that good. slice of pizza (size of a redbaron french pizza) $7. This isnt the main reason I will never go back but i feel like I should mention it. There was an employee that "white pride" on his forearms and other offensive tats. if this is a family resturant why woud this be ok? And what does that say about the management that is fine with this employee representing them?
4	Liked it, I've hit a bunch of new places in Gilbert lately and Im on a streak.I had the omlette with green chilis and salsa in the middle.99% of breakfast places, this wouldnt of been good, but the salsa was freeking perfect. Be preparred to wait, there's always a line. Worth it tho.
5	I have been to Liberty Market numerous times, for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  By far dinner is my choice here.  Wasn't crazy about the breakfast.  Not bad, just didn't "wow" me.  They have OUTSTANDING pizza.  I am a huge fan of brick oven pizza, and this is right up there.  The Grilled Chicken Pasta is amazing, and the Flat Iron Steak is one of my favorites too.Save room for dessert, as they have some great stuff to offer.  Word of warning...if you order the ice cream sandwich, share it with a group of 4!  It's not small!
5	The sandwiches are surprisingly different & very good. Liberty Market uses fresh, high quality ingredients. Liberty Market is similar to (and reminds me of) many of the unique & exceptional restaurants in the Arcadia & Biltmore areas. I've passed through downtown Gilbert many times & barely realized how many excellent restaurants are present there.
5	I am speechless that I have not written a review for this awesome place. It is one of my favorite places to eat in Arizona. You just can't go wrong with it. The service is great, I love the casual yet not too casual feel of the place, and I love the menu. I have been here for lunch and dinner and both times I have left with a happy full belly. I have tried their sandwiches, burgers, and pizzas. All were fantastic. I love their side sweet potato salad. Their desserts are the size of your head. I have a feeling the cinnamon bun is bigger actually. The prices are super reasonable for a quality and delicious meal. This is a must if you are in the area.
2	Dinner was so good I had to try breakfast. Unfortunately our breakfast experience was BAD! We got there at 7:10 am. Sat ourselves, read through the menu, and waited while a 3 member wait staff drank coffee fraternized and completely ignored our presence!  it's no wonder why the place was empty at this time of day.
4	I love this place! I've been here a few times and have never been disappointed. It is a cool trendy place right in the heart of downtown Gilbert. First, I love that little strip of restaurants. It's a cool area to eat and hang out with Joe's Real BBQ, Oregano's, Farmhouse, etc. On the weekends there's even a little Farmer's Market with cool local finds like jalapeno brittle, flavored popcorn, and artisan crafts. Liberty Market is really one of a kind with great, interesting, fresh foods awesome coffee and bakery items. It is a must eat in Gilbert! Btw, check out the bathrooms! All of my friends always recommend walking in because of the cool decor! haha kind of a weird thing to say about a place but I agree it's cool! :D
4	I got a piece of red velvet cake. The frosting is so rich and creamy with a very buttery finish and LOTS of cream cheese. The cake is tasty but dry. Good thing there was lots of amazing frosting to cover that flaw up. The place looked like a trendy spot you would find in NYC with prices to match. The staff was super friendly though.
4	After several trips to Liberty market I have debated about giving them between 3 and 5 stars and finally learnt my lesson about this place. Truth is, Liberty Market can be a great spot.. IF you come at the right time and order the right thing. Sure their menu is small yet diverse, but if this is your first time here, focus on their best sellers and NOT what you usually order at other places.The time to come is lunchtime or an early dinner. Breakfast is not suggested just because there aren't a lot of menu options (besides their ONE bfast special), though it is great if you just come in for a ready-made pastry and a latte. In terms of food, I really suggest to focus on the sandwiches and pizzas as these are definitely their best sellers. As a health nut, I ignored this and ordered the italian salad and really regretted it- it was pretty bland in flavor, lame in content and overflown in mostly iceberg lettuce. No good.The picnic sandwich, on the other hand, was surprisingly delicious. At a hefty $9 it is composed of roasted turkey, caramelized pecans, green apple, blue cheese, and a red pepper mayo. Its basically everything I want in a salad, but between two pieces of bread. The blue cheese with the sweet pecans are an amazing combo that help the lame roasted turkey meat to kick it up a notch. It is also incredibly filling, so I was able to eat half for lunch and half for dinner. As an extra, the sandwich came with a roasted sweet potato salad (containing dry cranberries and a really thin glaze). As an extra, I was incredibly surprised and disappointed at the "roasted veggie side". At $3 it basically came wit 2 half-Brussels sprouts and 2 miniature carrots. Are you kidding me? This ain't the freaking cordon blue, put more food on the freaking plate! Luckily, the veggies were ridiculously well made, but the portion size was definitely lacking.Not everything is wonderful though. The round tables outside are almost too small for a party of 2- if barely fits the plates and just makes it awkward to share. Waiting in line for 20mins to order isn't my favorite thing either, especially since a server brings our food out anyway. The prices are pretty steep for a "pay at the counter" sort of place but overall, its a nice place to be. Just don't order salad.
4	It's like a cafeteria. You order your food in the front, they give you a number and they deliver it to your table (a bit like panera bread).Their Best Chicken Sandwich, is not so much a sandwich but a grilled chicken burger with lettuce, tomato, red onions, avocado, and some sort of amazing dressing that made the entire thing mouth-watering. $10 is not cheap for this dish, but it's GIGANTIC and delicious (comes with chips).I also couldn't help but order their giant red velvet cake with cream cheese icing. The size of it is bigger than my FACE, and it was so good that i probably could have finished it all if i didn't stop myself. I gave most of the cake away to our foreign guests from Argentina, who's never tried red velvet before. They couldn't finish it but ended up taking it back to their hotel because it was so good. It's unfortunate that their line is so long all the time, but that really speaks for how good the food is here.
4	The first time I visited Liberty Market I came for lunch and was AMAZED at how great their food was (Their Picnic Sandwich is phenomenal!!) To this day, I love their lunches!Then one day I decided I would try breakfast after visiting the Gilbert Farmer's Market. A little piece of me died that day. Don't get me wrong, Liberty Market is a great establishment with great food but their breakfasts just kind of fall flat. The plates were sparse and I left still hungry.My opinion? Enjoy their lunches and dinners but breakfasts? You can find better. As another reviewer stated, when it comes to Liberty Market, it's when you go that matters. Stick with lunch and your chances of a pleasant experience go up a few notches!
5	Awesome place for breakfast.  Saturday mornings before hitting the farmers market down the street is so much fun.  I usually just get eggs but had to try the turkey sausage from my hubbys demi bkfast.  So good, I mean soo darn good.
4	Went on a Saturday morning for brunch, we waited a bit to order and get our food, but it was so organized and the system they use for ordering (while you're in line, someone assigns you a table, after you order they escort you to your table and then bring you your food when it's ready) and food delivery is so smooth you don't sweat it. I ordered their specialty pizza slice (GREAT!) and my husband had an egg/breakfast meal, I tasted and it was delicious. Can't wait to come back.
4	Was surprised by this restaurant mainly due to its Diner look from the outside but by the reco of most yelpers had to try it out. First of all the inside is definitely very modern and fun to look at. My wife and I came here for dinner and the food was very tasty. She had their Hamburger of the week which had a japanese fusion which she enjoyed very much. I had the Chicken sandwich and this was amazing the moment it hit my mouth. I know live very close to this restaurant and vow to come quite often and try everything on the menu.Only reason it did not get 5 stars was because the elbow room is not very good here, tables are RIGHT next to each other. I understand you have to pack in as much as you can but it was difficult having a conversation wondering if the people next to you who are in the middle of chewing are listening in. Other than that great place.
4	Quick update to my Liberty Market review. On my review, I was critical of the breakfasts there and my words I believe were "it falls flat". Well, I still haven't been back to give Liberty Market a second review but I felt compelled to write this update when I received an email from Joe. Yes, THE JOE! He noted my comments on the breakfast menu and stated that he is having discussions with the staff regarding breakfasts.In my opinion, when an establishment actually takes the time to listen to it's customers, respond to them and take action, that reflects a genuine desire to please said customers! My response?I'm grabbing my keys, firing up the engine and heading to LIBERTY MARKET!!(breakfast review forthcoming...)Shawn
4	Great breakfast place to eat at....on a Saturday. I had the scramble italian, which was great with potatoes and freshly made biscuit. Next up was the quesadilla chorizo...by the way...it is gigantic and just as good. Also the side dish of zucchini bread with the icing on it...delightful. The Irish coffee well was okay...not stellar. Hands down great place.Only downer...we left the leftovers in the car for 3 hours in the boiling best....so had to throw it away as my gf mourned its lost. G approved.
5	Completely in love with this place! Great location in downtown Gilbert - the parking that is very close to the restaurant is a bit limited but there is a large lot about a block away. The restaurant feels vintagey and was a foodmarket years ago, so it is maintaining that feel but providing a modern/industrial look. I don't love the tables and chairs, definitely not the most plush but serviceable.There is a counter - complete with a bakery case - where you place your order, When it is busy you have to wait in line and are assigned a table - during slower times you just sit wherever you'd like. The staff are all really nice and helpful.The food is delicious. It is a bit expensive for a fairly casual place, but the quality makes it worthwhile. My favorite meal is breakfast - the demi breakfast, pancakes, and bakery items are all amazing, especially the blueberry scone! I always think of scones as being dry and not very flavorful, but theirs are exactly the opposite: moist and tasy, served with a ramekin of whipped sweetened cream. My husband and I always split one with our breakfast. Dinner is great, too - my "go to" is the Flatiron Steak with Mr. Pibb Marinade and Fresh Veggies, super good and a perfect portion ($19) Don't leave without dessert! The Red Velvet Cake or Ice Cream Sandwich are perfect to share (the ice cream sandwich is made with two big chocolate chip cookies and vanilla icecream, cut into quarters) If you're too full, get a Salt River Bar to go (Salty and Sweet gets me every time) They have some cool local beers. mimosas for brunch, and good coffee - their Peppermint Mocha (which is a seasonal Christmas drink) is my favorite.Weird note: Don't miss the bathrooms - each bathroom has a different theme with decorations and a specialized soundtrack (farm, recipes, Tuscany). Very fun.
4	Stopped by yesterday for lunch. I must admit, for a newbie, it is a bit confusing on how to order and where they seat you. Knowing that you order first and while ordering a guy takes your number and puts it on a table that then becomes yours, would be a bit helpful.  We had the Italia Panini and a pasta caprese salad.  Very nice and the Panini's bread was very tasty and crisp. The place was busy with both families with kids, and young people. It was a bit noisy, but the food and wine made up for it.Will definitely go back.
3	Our first visit. Good food, good staff, massive portions. Be prepared for a long wait if it's crowded. Pluses - Fresh OJ by the carafe & tasty sticky buns the size of your head!Would probably try again when it's not so busy.
3	In reality somewhere between a 2 and a 3.Well, I'm clearly missing something here.  This is the second "Joe's" restaurant I've been to now and I remain less than impressed.It wasn't bad, but it wasn't OMFG great either.So we had a caprese sandwich and what they called a liberty sandwich.Ok so for the caprese sandwich.  Cheese, good.  Tomato, good.  Basil, good.   Bread, not good.  For whatever reason they toasted the bread to the point of it being a crouton.  Really??  It was supposed to be a panini type sandwich, but it comes out like a crouton??  For all the hype behind this place you'd think they could toast a piece of bread.  I mean I can and I don't even run a restaurant.Ok, on to the liberty sandwich, which is actually a turkey sandwich with green apples, candied walnuts, bleu cheese and red pepper aioli.  Good news, they didn't toast the bread so it actually came out pretty good.  Turkey was good.  As for the combination of all the ingredients...not so much.  I get someone sat down and put this all together and somewhere along the line thought it was a good idea but in reality, too many competing textures, too many competing flavors.Both sandwiches came with potato salad...not bad...but I didn't come here to eat potato salad.Now having said the above, the place was as busy as a Greyhound bus terminal (lunch time).  So is this place as good as everyone says it is?  Or is it me?  Here's what I'm thinking, it's just ok.  People give it way more credit because it's in the old part of Gilbert and as such makes it extra "cool."  Well, just like you can't eat ambiance, you can't eat cool.
4	I felt a little awkward on our first visit. Apparently if you want designer coffee stuff you go to one counter, if you want lunch you go to another. We went to the wrong person! Sorry...So after being corrected we headed to the lunch ordering area where they were really cool about telling us the drill.Great sandwiches! Good sides too. 5 stars for the food, atmosphere & service (after we were told we went to the wrong counter). Minus a star for the pretentious goofball at the coffee counter.
5	I don't know what I could say about Liberty Market that hasn't been said multiple times already.  But here goes. The people- helpful, friendly, accommodating.  Always happy to answer a question or to whip up a sample of some tempting little treat.The menu- exhaustive. I've yet to try something I didn't love. If you can't find something to eat here, then you must work for the competition!  My go-to meal is the Liberty Bowl with pasta. The atmosphere- kitschy, eclectic. The neon, the colors, the espresso machine (more on that in a bit). Plenty of indoor seating. Nice outdoor patio. Bathrooms that are works of art. Parking- can be a little rough, what with all of the other businesses there in downtown Gilbert. The Espresso Bar- Oh. My. Goodness. That E61 espresso machine is older than me- and probably most Yelpers (if not any two combined), but wow does it make a delicious shot of espresso!  If you've never had a Cortadito, I highly recommend giving it a try.Go to Liberty Market. Do it. Do it now. Thank me later.
4	My advice. Go with the fresh brick oven pizza, the sausage was succulent, the ricotta sweet and the crust perfect. The Sicilian style pizza I can not say the same for, it is a generic cheese thick crust already baked up an when someone orders toppings they simply slap them on and reheat the pizza with the toppings. Leaving the crust overly crisped like biting into a crouton and the toppings only slightly warmed. Anything that is made to order is a winner! Anything Pre made and waiting such as sides, sicilian, cake can be skipped without missing much.
5	My favorite place to go in Gilbert (Joes BBQ a close 2nd). Love the Salmon BLT. Awesome service, chef's approach you when you walk in to go over the specials and answer any questions you might have. All of the desserts are great as well.
5	Cool, trendy place. Tasty food. The sandwiches are small, so they leave room for their amazing desserts.
4	Stopped in here with the boss lady, I am talking about my real boss not the girlfriend, the other day for lunch. We were in the middle of Mesa and overcome by corporate restaurants so I turned to Yelp as my foodie Northern Star to lead us safely! All the reviews raved about this place and I would agree. Now I have to admit I am kind of a Scottsdale snob, the only reason I go below the 202 is for work. So I already had a pessimistic attitude about finding a good place to eat in Mesa/Gilbert that wasn't Joe's. I am glad to say I was  wrong. We got there right at noon and the crowd wasn't that bad. The first thing that hits you is the cool hipster vibe they have going in there. Great layout clean and very inviting. Next step you grab a menu decide what you want pay then find your own seats.I went with the Turkey Sandwich with blue cheese caramelized pecans onions on sourdough. It was pretty good. The turkey was moist and the toppings all worked well with each other. But it could have used MORE turkey and the bread was a little dry. I think next time I would go with the burger or chicken sandwich everyone raves about on here. Overall a great diner that I would go back to and drive somewhat out of the way for!
4	As recent transplants to the desert, my boyfriend and I have been...well, largely disappointed with most of the restaurants we have tried so far in the area.  We would get excited about a place we found, and then...meh.  That is, until we found Liberty Market.  Although I'm not the biggest fan of the "order at the counter, then find your table" model, Liberty has it organized really well.  Our first time, the line was really long and I thought it was going to be a huge wait.  It turns out that there is a hostess type who reserves a table for you while you are in line, and then by the time you order your food your table is ready.  The line moves fairly quickly too.They have a nice sized menu - big enough that you have a nice selection, but small enough to not be ridiculous or overwhelming.  And as a former Portlandian, can I say how happy I am that they serve Stumptown Coffee?  The pot of French Press gives me warm fuzzies.  All of the food we have had there has been excellent.  I really love the biscuits.  The atmosphere is sort of cafeteria-like, but not in a bad way.  I love that it is in an old market and has some character - soooo tired of everything being in a strip mall.  The little area of downtown Gilbert that it is located in is adorable.Oh, and the service is great.  Despite not having a dedicated server, there are always people walking by who are checking on you, and ready to bring you something and take away empty plates.  Everyone who works there has been really nice.Thank you Liberty Market, for giving me some hope that I can find sustenance in the desert!
5	So many people are in love with this place, and I guess I'll throw my hat into the ring.The food is always amazing. The pizzas are great (and the perfect size for 1 while still sharing a slice), the burgers fantastic (be on the lookout for their burger of the week - always especially good), and their breakfast is wonderful. I'm usually here for breakfast, my favorite dish being the western scramble. (if you like horseradish.. just trust me on this. Don't even bother looking at the rest of the menu.)Couple of things that i think sets this place apart; you can tell they use fresh ingredients and cook from scratch. Their breakfast potatoes are more than just plain diced, unseasoned squares, and the fresh, always soft-&-warm biscuit they serve with most of their (breakfast) entrees. Also, the staff is always amazingly friendly.I wasn't a big fan initially of their style of  "order at the counter and find a seat," but they do a good job of finding & having a table ready for you by the time you get your order in, and I don't mind getting up to get my own coffee / water / iced tea. Just be aware if it's you're first time in. It can be confusing to the uninitiated. (I came here the first time with my parents and grandparents... and my grandparents were completely confused as to how the system worked. And I wasn't too sure either) Also, if you walk in with just 1 or 2 of you, there's often room at the coffee bar, and you can sit over there, skip the line, and order from the barista.one last tidbit; their espresso is pretty great. Ordered a vanilla latte with breakfast the last time i was in, and it was fantastic. Which sucks, because now I'll have to order it all the time...UPDATE: 2-3 weeks ago i wrote an updated review pointing out that they refused to serve eggs that weren't scrambled, which bothered me a little. I recently received a message that they've since changed their policy on this point, and are serving eggs as the customer requests, which is very welcome. (unless it's specifically a "scramble" dish.)
5	Go here for Brunch! Lunch and dinner are fine, but the breakfast menu and the E61 coffee bar cannot be beat.My usual order is a bowl of cafe au lait, and a veggie scramble.  The breakfast potatoes are so good.It can get crowded, but if you're in a small group (2) you can usually skip the line and sit at the bar which is full service.
4	Been many times....Pros:- Fresh food well portioned and presented.  Today I had Farmers Salad with a side of hummus.  - Friendly staff- Price is right - IF you get one of the sweets, they are really good!Cons:- on the loud side- seats are hard chairsOut of the ordinary- unisex bathrooms.  Shared wash bowls.   I enjoy Liberty Market very much.  LIKE them on Facebook and you get to see what the specials are; very creative and tasty.
4	Well they do have some light breakfast for those on a diet...the salmon plate was excellent with lettuce, cherry tomatoes, and some crushed olives. Well played liberty....well played.
4	I heard about this place from a friend who stated "You HAVE to try their bowl of coffee!!!" Bowl of coffee? So we did and I have to say it was great. Anytime we want to get away for a nice cup of coffee with out the commercial big box coffee company feel this is where we head. In my opinion there is no better time to go than in the early spring or late fall when you can chill out on the quaint patio and enjoy a warm bowl of coffee.They have what tastes like homemade vanilla or chocolate whipped cream to top off your coffee if you like. It's always a good good choice in my opinion!The food is fairly good and the prices are OK but it depends on the person & budget. Either way, we keep heading back and love to support the local business.It's a great choice to relax and enjoy the coffee shop for what it is... cozy.
5	I've been here many many times and always have a great experience. The food is high quality and fresh. I always get a pressed sandwich of some sort. The pizza is great too. And we always have to get a bread pudding with fresh whipped cream. Delicious!And you absolutely must get an espresso drink here. Joe Johnston (the owner) brought the espresso machine over from Italy and OMG the espresso is fantastic! The cortadito is my personal favorite.I've always had great service here as well. My only gripe is how you have to wait in line cafeteria style to place your order. Expect to wait a really long time if you go during lunch rush.
4	It's more Liberty than Market.  I was just back from vacation and hoping to buy some ready made food for my empty fridge - my options were beer and cold salads.  So instead, I sat down and had a meal there.  I ordered a salad and my partner in crime had a grilled cheese sandwich, both were tasty.  Very cool minimalist decor but the tables and soda station were messy in the rush of the lunch hour.  The service was friendly - you go up to the counter, order your food and they bring it out to you, you grab your own drinks - it's not the type of place where you're being waited on.  The restrooms were unisex and then had an outer area where the boys and girls washed their hands together, I thought that was nice because you don't have to commit to going into a restroom just to wash your hands before your meal.  The sinks don't have a mirror in front of you, it's a window that looks outside - I liked that little detail.
4	I love finding great local places for breakfast. It's my favorite type of food and I can eat it anytime of day. My husband and I were headed to the Gilbert Farmer's Market and needed food. We walked in, grabbed a menu and the minute I saw Buttermilk Pancakes with Chopped Bacon I was sold. There is seating inside and outside; when they're busy they go through the line and assign you a table number based on the size of your group. This makes things move smoothly unless you're rude and decide that your assigned table isn't good enough for you. Yes, people really do that.There are several things that make these pancakes amazing. When they're on the griddle they sprinkle cooked, chopped bacon on the wet side, flip it and serve. It's genius. Then they put a wrapped butter pad on each pancake. This is awesome, because the butter starts to melt. There is nothing worse than rock hard, cold butter that tears apart your pancakes as you try to spread it. It comes with a side of syrup that is good, but doesn't overpower the flavor of the pancake itself. They carry Revolution Tea which makes my hubby very happy. Their French Press of Stump Town Coffee is very tasty, but their latte tasted way too burnt and just wasn't enjoyable. At some point, I will venture out and try one of their amazing burgers or pizzas which all look amazing. But once you have the bacon pancakes, it's hard to pick something else on the menu.
2	Winner of best concept for an expensive cafeteria.As Gilbert residents and regulars to the "old town" area, we've been to Liberty Market numerous times, alone and with friends. In general we have found the food to be good, though at times inconsistent and unexceptional, but acceptable when in the area (not a destination eatery we'd drive to otherwise). Unfortunately, the service is uninspired or totally lacking. It galls me when a place charges the same (or higher) prices than other establishments that offer full table service and comparable (or superior) food.A recent visit there will be our last. The evening we went there were 4 of us who were meeting to discuss planning of an upcoming old town event and we wanted a quiet place to converse over wine and food. This time the service was not only uninspired but downright rude.When 3 of our party attempted to sit at larger table with chairs for six (allowing us to more easily view our materials), one of the staff said "you can't sit there because it's ONLY for parties of six." He subsequently pointed to a small 4-top and said "sit over there". In many restaurants the 4-top he pointed out would have been a 2-top, so our casual planning session was cramped and uncomfortable.To emphasize my point even further, the place was less than 1/3 full and it was near closing... in fact the 4th of our party, a business owner from across the street, arrived only a about 15 minutes before the manager locked the door. Instead of building customer good will and making us feel welcome, this staffer decided to convenience himself and inconvenience us.Joe's BBQ across the street definitely projects a feeling of appreciation for their patrons, but the management team at this restaurant where Joe is a partner, is worlds apart when it comes to "community".We really wanted to like this place and have been going there since they first opened in 2009, but after this last encounter we will NEVER return as there are dozens of establishments in the area that make you feel welcome and appreciated, as well as offering comparable or superior food with the added benefit of full table service.
4	This place is so cute, I wish they had this in California. I would come here for breakfast lunch and dinner if I could. I thought the salmon plate was very good since there was plenty of salmon with a little bit of mixed greens and bread. It was funny because when I got here a local tv station was interviewing the chef here so it was cool to see that happen live. I would come back since this place reminded me of a casual place to have any meal. I would love to try this place for lunch.
5	No matter when my mom, sister, niece and I go... the food is AMAZING, the coffee bar is DELISH and the employees are FANTASTIC!  It is a busy place but so worth the line at the counter. Die hard fan here!
5	I've only been here for breakfast, but i can without a doubt recommend it to anyone. Their potatoes are amazing and there eggs are the right consistency. All in all a wonderful place to have breakfast.
4	A friend of mine has been raving about this place for a while now, and with good reason! I was finally able to go here for breakfast over the weekend. While my friends raved about their twist on french toast, I have to admit that wasn't my favorite... I did, however, LOVE their blueberry pancakes! One would think you can get pancakes anywhere, but these were seriously amazing!While the food was super tasty and worth the higher prices, the way in which to order food seemed to contradict both a little. Overall, super tasty and definitely worth going back to! :)
4	This place is amazing! I will definately be back!
4	Note:  Only the E61 Espresso Bar is being reviewed hereMy girl friend and I sat at the bar on a busy Saturday afternoon after lunch down the street at Romeo's Bistro.  Having heard that Liberty was pulling Stumptown's Hairbender espresso blend,  I had to give it a try.  And I have to say,  the Faema, the barista, and the blend did not let me down.  It was a acid bomb; orange marmalade and lemon up front.  As it cooled, a semi sweet chocolate rounded the predominate citrus notes, leaving a long finish.  My only complaint is the espresso was too hot.  As a barista I struggle with this as well.  And maybe I'm just sensitive to this because I really dislike drinks that burn the tongue.  To the barista's credit,  he tried to combat this by flushing the group head for longer than I have ever seen anyone do,  rarely half a minute.  Bravo for doing your best to combat the difficulties of old machinery!Side Note: The barista informed me that Hairbender is only used in their traditional espresso drinks. I find this strange but am not bothered by it because, to be honest, these are the only espresso drinks I enjoy.
5	One of my favorite restaurants, hands down. Good food, fun atmosphere and friendly staff. Amazing breakfast, lunch and dinner. The egg salad sandwich is always my go-to and the huge slice of red velvet cake is heavenly.
5	Liberty Market is so delicious!! Everything I've had is awesome, if you like egg salad theirs rocks!! Oh and don't forget a piece of their zucchini bread yum!
4	This place is rather popular among the locals! Every time I have been there, there is always a ridiculously long line. Good thing they work fast or else I would have just skipped next door. Food is okay (not really that impressed). What I found I did love was there coffee and how they have their own barrista manning the counter by himself!  Their expresso was rich, strong and smooth just the way I like it. Hence, the additional star. I would come back just for the coffee alone. Like previous reviews, their pastrie did look rather dry and bulk made so I didn't want to venture to try it.
5	I've never been to Liberty Market for dinner, though their dinner menu always looks amazing, but I have enjoyed many a breakfast/brunch/lunch there.  It is the type of restaurant where you place your order at a counter, find a place to sit, and then they bring your food to you.  They can get quite busy during peak meal times, but they are efficient at finding open tables for you, so you're never wandering around looking for a table after you've ordered.They are locally-owned and use a lot of fresh, locally grown ingredients, so that gives me a warm fuzzy feeling when I eat there.  Pizzas, salads, and sandwiches are all delicious, but what deserves an extra special shout out is the dessert case.  The gigantic cinnamon roll is perfection.Can't think of enough good things to say; just go check it out for yourself.
5	went there twice already with my wife and 3 boys..its a great place with great atmosphere, decor and classy bathrooms...one thing that impressed me is that while washing my hands instead of the mirror they have these glass windows and you can see outside the sitting area...nice and clean bathrooms...great quality food...whenever we wanna eat in Gilbert only couple places comes into mind for a family style place ...paradise bakery and liberty market our new favorite place now....i have tried their burger first time and it was heaven ..one of the best burgers i have ever had ...Gerome's Haunted hamburger have great burgers too...so this time i tried best chicken sandwich and man it was a chicken sandwich.i could taste that it was grilled bar b que style not flat grill but on the griddle one..which made it flavorful,,,and had fresh guacamole sauce on top cheese...and great homemade bread i think...fresh veggies i think from joe's farm land...my wife's capresse sandwich was great too...my kids got wood fired pizzas and they finished em....i have to try different stuff next time...ill be back soon...they have specials on facebook also all the time and i get to see them cuz i liked them :)
5	Only been once so far & all I can say is: yes please!
5	Great foods and selection of drinks! I also love their system. They also have awesome bathroom.I love the way I can see their cooking.
5	I truly love this place.  Not just because it's awesome food, but Chef David Traina & his wife Kiersten rock.  Ok, pretty much everyone rocks there.  I've been to a few "community dinners" there, which are 1st rate - and it's one of those "Cheers" type places where they remember your name and are always happy to see you.  I recommend this to ANYONE.  Check it out, not just 'cause I said so but because it rocks.
5	Liberty Market is a fun place to enjoy whatever your heart desires. Burger and beer, coffee and pastries, wood-fired pizza and salad, weekend dinner specials and a glass of wine... must I continue!Chef David crafts some of the most delicious dishes I have ever had. My wife and I love spending evenings at Liberty, showing it off to our friends and enjoying the whole nine yards. We start with an appetizer and drink, working our way into the weekend specials.  I've never had a weekend special that didn't make me drool, and must say they create the best seafood dishes I have had in the valley! We always finish with espresso drinks (hand-crafted on a 1965 Faema E61) and house made desserts! Red Velvet and Carrot Cake...Yes Please! Cappuccinos with Stumptown Espresso...enough said!! Liberty is great for everyone. It has a fantastic ambiance, and a friendly, hard-working staff!  I will always be a fan of Liberty Market!
5	Best chicken sandwich and red velvet cake are my favorites. Breakfast is good here too. Not many breakfast choices but they have all the basics.  I would eat here every day but it's a little spendy. Worth the money though.
4	I love this place, great menu and food.  Only thing holding it back is lack of more beer choices and long lines.
3	With all these awesome reviews I expected a lot better. The bathrooms and neighborhood are cool.
1	I've been here a total of 5 times.  Ok for lunch, will never go back for breakfast.  Huge disappointment! Bad, cold food. 30 dollars for 2 people for bfast is crazy, not to mention its cafeteria style so you get NO SERVICE, for 30 bucks....no thanks.
3	pretty good
1	This was our first and last time to Liberty Market.We ordered the biscuits and gravy and a side of liberty potatoes. It was a lot of food, which my wife and I split. We were impressed with the biscuits and gravy, they were pretty good. The liberty potatoes were very salty and greasy.At the conclusion of eating the breakfast, my wife took a look at her Coke which came from the fountain, more specifically she looked at the glass, and there were bugs on the inside of the glass. Initially we thought that it was just a dirty glass. We looked closer, the bugs were alive and moving!As we were examining the glass a waiter came by and asked if we had ants in our soda! We looked closer and they were ants! He apologized and took the glass and we saw him go over to the soda fountain to examine the soda nozzle. I then took a closer look at the Coke I was drinking, ANTS! Yup, they were in my glass too! And I had already drank two glasses!The waiter came back over and said that he was going to comp our meal. I told him that it was in my glass too. He apologized asked for the bill to go and comp our meal. The problem was that while he was away another customer went to that same Coke nozzle and filled up her glass.He came back with the comp'ed meal. We were disgusted, a little queasy, thanked him and left.The problem was, as we were discussing after we had left the restaurant, the waiter seemed to already know what the problem was when he came up and asked if there was ants in the soda. And the fact that even he found out that there were ants in our soda he did nothing to prevent the lady who filled up her drink from the same nozzle!"Joe" may be cool about insects crawling around on his food on the farm, but they need to be kept out of the sugary soda!
3	I do enjoy the food, layout, and service style of Liberty Market. However, the prices are a bit steep, and you really don't get a lot of food- depending on which items you order. Albeit, everything is fresh, tasty, and goes down easy. I have noticed quite often that tables do not get bussed, and when I have asked, or another guest has asked an employee for something, They don't receive it. The sense of urgency just isn't there.. I had asked someone at the register a couple questions about side options, and was blankly stared at for a few seconds. Then I received a somewhat curt response, as if I was being rude? Anyway, I give this place three stars because it really is a nice place to eat, and I will go here to do business with friends. I'd much rather come here than the Postino across the street. Sitting outside or near the pizza oven is usually the best spot. If you don't like 'cafeteria style' seating, then this place won't work for you. It gets loud, because of the brick walls and multiple voices talking at once. I do recommend the sweet potato side, and pretty much any of the sandwiches. I wasn't too impressed with the pizza. Didn't fill us up much.
5	Our family loves Liberty Market for breakfast.  My husband and I  split the breakfast quesadilla, which makes the portion perfect for us.  The salsa is tasty.  The potatoes are a little heavy on the onions, but I don't like onions at all.  So, the onion thing is more a personal problem than Liberty's recipe because my daughter LOVES the potatoes.  We have only had lunch/dinner items a time or two.  I remember the burger being pretty tasty and again, we something we were able to split. The atmosphere is nice and fits the quaint area of old town Gilbert.  The outside seating is very pleasant.  This is going to sound weird, but go to the bathroom, even if you don't have to actually "go".
4	I love the feel of this place, the coffee is great (my fav part) and what Ive eaten is pretty yummy........ but can a girl get some more vegetarian options here? Lay some goat cheese on me will ya!
5	This area of Gilbert is so quaint!  But even if I was in love with its surroundings, we always stop by when we're in the mood for delicious desserts, specifically the red velvet cheesecake, which is indescribable.  You just have to try it!  As for the regular food, I've tried a different entree each time, and I have never been disappointed.
5	Thanks again Yelp.  While staying in the area for a few days I tried the Liberty Market, based on the Yelp reviews, and they were right on.  Had a delicious wood fired oven pizza featuring Schreiner's Italian sausage, which I assume to be a local company.  It was fantastic, even the ricotta cheese, which I had been a bit leery of.  The rice pudding I had for dessert was spot-on also.  I also poached a couple of meatballs from someone's pasta plate and they were juicy, delicious and tender.  And I couldn't help but notice the pleasant and helpful staff.  Looking forward to a return trip to the Phoenix area.
5	Been back several times.    Have never been disappointed with any of their selections.    You can not go wrong with Liberty Market, Joe's BBQ or Joe's Farm House Grill as well as the Coffee Shop.    Support our local businessmen.   All great places for food.
3	Is it just me or shouldn't a cafeteria-style of service include cafeteria-style prices? The food was just ok, the pizza was great, but my daughters thought the bathroom was awesome. I'll return to try the breakfast since I live close by and I've heard good things about it, but I doubt I'll return for dinner. I would rather dine with actual service if I'm paying for a restaurant. It works at the more casual Joes BBQ, but here it doesn't seem to match the ambiance.
4	Great atmosphere, good food, and convenient downtown Gilbert location - Joe Johnson doesn't make many mistakes with his concepts, and once again, he has tapped into the right mix of flavor & style.
4	Had the grilled chicken pasta and it was REALLY good. I was surprised though that for the price it cost, there wasn't even a piece of garlic bread. It's cafeteria-style ordering but they deliver the food to your table. Kind of pricey for not being a full restaurant type place.
4	I've been to the Liberty Market 4 or 5 times. Yesterday I had the Picnic sandwich... delicious! Some folks might like the sweet potato salad. I thought it was just  "OK". probably would get a different side next time like the corn/tomato/bean salad that Susan got. Liberty is one of the establishments that makes downtown Gilbert "cool".  Service is good and atmosphere is nice. This is not a dinner place for that special occasion, more like a high class cafeteria. Thanks Joe Johnson, for your vision for downtown Gilbert!Why not 5 stars? I can get a terrific glass of wine across the street at Postino's for five bucks or go next door to Oregano's and Susan and I share a $9 salad and are "stuffed."  Prices at Liberty are a little steep compared to the neighbors. It does offer variety to downtown Gilbert's foodie menu and we will definitely return, especially to use the bathrooms that are another subject for another day:)
5	I came here the day before Christmas Eve with my family for dinner.  We came in 15 til 5 on a Sunday and were surprised how many tables were open... we were anticipating a possible wait, but my sister who comes here often had prepared us that if there was a wait, it would be worth every minute.  Everything was just so fresh.  My niece and nephew each got  a burger, my father got the spaghetti and meatballs, and my mom and sis got salads.  I had the picnic sandwich with potato salad.  It was awesome!  All homemade, and like I said, very fresh ingredients.  If you're looking for a five dollar footlong, this isn't the place to go.  The desserts looked AMAZING, but are SO big that I didn't have room.  This would be a good place to come with a friend and have coffee and split a dessert.  The environment fits it well too.  Very airy and fresh with a retro jet age feel to it, maybe from all the steel.
5	Liberty Market is one of my favorite regular haunts in Gilbert.  Greet food in a great atmosphere, with a friendly and welcoming staff.  I have eaten breakfast lunch and dinner there and been satisfied every time.  Make sure to leave room for a piece of their wonderful red velvet cake.  It's out of this world!
4	I love liberty market. It's so freakin' good!
5	Amazing cinnamon rolls, the freshest ingredients, delicious menu options. My family and I love the homemade taste of Liberty Market! We eat here often, and are regulars for grabbing giant cinnamon rolls to-go.
5	James makes the BEST pizzas!  I highly recommend trying the margherita pizza.
5	When a party of 9 walks in during lunch and 2/3 of that party is made up of children under 8, you'd think most waitstaff would give an eye roll and exasperated sigh. Not at Liberty Market. As soon as we were half way in the door we were greeted, asked if we were there for lunch, and the guy asked one of the ladies to push a couple tables together for us. We struggled with a couple of the little ones, who wants to sit where, grabbed some menus, and got down to business. I noticed a sign that mentioned to order your food first before taking a seat. Now I'm even more impressed since they got us a table which allowed us to really figure out what we were doing.My girlfriends and I split the salmon BLT and some other sandwich, I don't remember which one. We also got the kale salad and the sweet potato salad. My daughter got the cheese pizza. The food was good. Wish we had room for rice pudding.As we were finishing up, one of the cooks came out and complimented us on our kids being so well-behaved. Something every mom likes to hear. :)The service alone us enough to make me come back. The food could have sucked (it didn't), and I would still be raving.
1	Had my first and last dining experience at Liberty Market.I agree with another comment I read below, cafeteria-style service should include cafeteria-style prices.  The food was just ok and I did not appreciate paying lots of cash for what I had for lunch.  (A very small salad with thinly sliced deli turkey on top)I also see lots of comments about their "awesome" bathroom.  Really?  Who cares about the bathroom?Suggestion:  Go to Joe's BBQ directly across the street or if it's breakfast you are in downtown Gilbert for, go next door to The Farmhouse!  Hands Down!!! Blows Liberty Market away.
5	We were looking for a new place to eat and decided to try out Liberty Market.  The atmosphere was great and the setup of the restaurant was nice.
3	So I've had classmates rave about this place for the last four years. I ate here once for lunch a couple years ago and it was good, but nothing astounding that made me want to come back. Then we were invited out to dinner here by our friends the other night. Again my food was, good..and some of it was just okay. The atmosphere I get why everyone likes it, what a neat place and in a great location. Fantastic for large parties, families, and rowdy get togethers. The service is also great and everyone there seems very friendly. Price I think is okay, I didn't mind paying 40.00 for a salad, a sandwich and two desserts, but I would have liked them to have been awesome and they unfortunately weren't'. I had a cup of the white bean soup which I found to be pretty bland and unexciting. I had to try and finish it all. The picnic salad is my favorite thing I've had here. I had it the first time for lunch and I had it again for dinner. A good solid salad and a good portion for 9 bucks. My boyfriend had the prime rib sandwich that the cashier told him was one of their sandwiches that sells out the quickest. Neither of us were really impressed with it, seemed like a regular french dip and the sweet potato salad side was not very good, he left most of it. We ordered our friends the bread pudding which we all liked, and we had the red velvet cake which was dry and unexciting. Our friends also ordered the starter pizza with hummus which was pretty yummy but a little expensive for a bread based appetizer. I don't remember what they ordered and we didn't try their entrees but they seemed happy with them.So, maybe we ordered the wrong things, the couple we were with love this place and also said breakfast here is awesome. But our experience was meh...
4	Love the "Picnic Salad".  Its a bit pricey - but worth it!
4	The first time that my husband and I visited Liberty Market we were actually trying to have breakfast next door but the line was crazy so we thought we would try this place instead.  I am SO glad that we did!  Liberty Market is now my favorite place in Gilbert for breakfast and because they are large you usually don't have to wait to long.  I absolutely love their biscuits and gravy and their liberty potatoes.  The only negative thing about them is they are a little pricey for breakfast and my husband doesn't like the fact that they only serve their eggs scrambled.  They do have plenty of outside seating, which we enjoy.
5	Celebrated my wife's birthday here before going to the Wynonna concert in Scottsdale.  Both were 5 star.  We'll return to Liberty soon, great place to bring out of town guests,too !
4	Liberty Market has a nice atmosphere and the food is pretty good.  I like it because its in downtown Gilbert and you can sit in front of the window and enjoy the old town charm of Gilbert.  As far as the food goes, I like the wood fired pizza's and have tried a couple of sandwiches also  The salmon BLT is pretty good.  They have San Tan and Four Peaks beer as well as some other Arizona brews, so that's a plus.  The restrooms are also pretty nifty, so there's that as well.  If you are looking for a laid back place to grab food and a beer in downtown Gilbert you should give them a whirl.
5	Can I just tell you how much I love Liberty Market?!?!?!  My favorite, favorite, favorite thing there is the Caprese Pasta Salad...to die for!  They also make a pretty darn good Egg Salad Sandwich, oh and let's not forget those Raspberry Scones with the cream to dip them in!The staff has always been very nice and helpful.  It's a bit of a drive for me, but it's totally worth it.
4	Stopped by here for a late lunch (around 2) on a Saturday and the place was still packed!! This downtown Gilbert area is jumping on Saturdays...probably helped along by the huge downtown farmers market nearby. We ordered at the counter and then sat at the designated spot (a server gives you a number and then places that number on a table which makes for easier seating and no one can 'save' tables) We ordered sandwiches...delish! Mine was the Maiden Lane (turkey and brie) and I ordered it pressed. My side was the sweet potato salad...which was amazing too. My friend's sandwich (Egg salad) was not quite as good and her side (regular potato salad) was good, but not as yummy as mine! The only downside was the noise level..lots of families, kids etc. But the food was great and we shall return...maybe for dinner next time. And I HAVE to try something from their baked goods display. WOW, that pecan roll looked fabulous!
5	Liberty Market is one of our favorite spots. The flat iron steak is to DIE for. I rarely manage to choose something else because I enjoy it so much. Mom and dad love the salmon. The bread pudding is an awesome treat and enough to share. Breakfast was delicious, as well, but we go more often for dinner. They have a really interesting coffee selection, with a lot of things I've never heard of but would like to try. Over all, a place not to be missed!
2	This place really fell off for us with this last visit. We tried all new things and they were all terrible.Sicilian pizza was awful.Burger of the day was tasteless.Grilled Cheese Sandwich with Bacon was the bed thing by far and it was just ok.The Sweet Potato side dish that everyone seemed to be getting was awful. What was in that beets and raspberries?? EughDisappointing visit. We usually love this place.
3	After driving by Liberty Market at least once a week, a girlfriend and I finally decided to go out and give dinner a try! The service wasn't all that bad. The girl who took my order was outgoing and nice. I ordered the vegetarian wood fire pizza and a sangria. After about 10 minutes I finally got the sangria which I was slightly disappointed in since moments before I saw a large jug being brought out from some back room that looked store bought. I was also hoping it would have more fruit but it had a small orange slice inside.By the time the food had gotten to our table, I had finished my drink and it had been almost 30 minutes. The pizza wasn't bad considering the lack of creativity the pizza had. The size was great but as for topping go, there were large chucks of mushrooms, thinly sliced zucchini and large chunks or asparagus. The flavor was lacking something but I ended up eating all of the pizza.For dessert, I chose the bread puddling for my friend and I to share because the woman at the register said it was 'super yummy' and after waiting for another 15, the dessert came and it was far from special. There was more whipped cream on the dish than anything else (probably to compensate from the watery consistency that was called pudding). We maybe both had 4 bites combined. It tasted like watered down French toast almost. Anyway, the food was 2 out of 5 and the service was a 4 out of 5 but I don't think I'd come here again.
5	Great food and great service! Go on Friday or Saturday night to try their weekend specials. Their beer and wine list is pretty great too.
4	Toddy is the best I have had in Phoenix. Have had several food options and have never been disappointed.
4	Wow.  The pizza here at night is absolutely fantastic.  I know I've had pizza here once before but it was during the day and seemed similar to the pizza on their menu over at Joe's Farm, but the dinner menu pizza was absolutely delicious.  I had the house special of the night, the Quattro Formaggio and it was awesome.
4	Not too shabby Gilbert! We're in town for a friend's wedding and Mrs. G grew in in Gilbert. Now, when looking around Gilbert, it's full of Mcmansions and new development. However, wander into old town Gilbert and boom, they have some nice restaurants that have developed quite a following. Liberty Market's one of those places.We ordered the Sicilian Scramble and the Breakfast Quesadilla. The scramble was scrumptious, good amount of Chorizo, and lots of flavor. Coupled with some breakfast potatoes and a biscuit and it was plenty of food. Mrs. G had the Q and it was..massive. Like a huge portion. While tasty, I thought it was excessive with no sides.I also love that they had Vietnamese Coffee. Not something I expected out of an American joint.Overall, a nice spot for breakfast in a town short of quality restaurants.
5	Mmmm...rice pudding!! Trust me...it's INCREDIBLE. No really, TRUST ME!!So, obviously (well, obviously), we came here for dessert...and oh wow. So good. The line was a little long...and let me tell you it got even longer after we got in it. but it was worth every second of the wait. Aside from the rice pudding, we also had the bread pudding, which was really great as well. I am so looking forward to my next trip to Phoenix to try some of the delicious looking pizza. Definitely a cool hangout in Gilbert.
5	We have eaten here a dozen times and always had a very positive experience.  The environment is warm, the service is fast.  Other reviews have coverd all the points.  I just wanted to submit a review to add my 5-stars!Favorite dishes are actually the daily specials- once in awhile they do a veal ragu pasta (pappardelle noodles) which is just awesome.
4	My favorite place to eat in Gilbert. Lines can be long during lunch or dinner but the wait isn't as long as the line appears to be. The quality of the food is always good and I have yet to be disappointed. Service is great as well. Recommend: Bread pudding french toast, pizza & the farmer sandwich. I would like to see the menu update every once in a while, but beggars can't be choosers.
5	My accountant is right across the street from here and I arrived extremely early for our meeting and was starving so lucky me that this place was across the street. Its a big place! Very nice and simple with a cool bar to the right and food ordering to the left. Nice that you order, take a number and they bring your food to you. I was by myself and wanting to sit read and relax and they pretty much left me alone (in a good way!). I don't remember the name of what I ordered but very simple and good -1 pancake, 2 scrambled eggs and bacon. All was good and fast. I would definitely stop in again to check out breakfast again or lunch and I am not sure but they may have dinner too because I saw a back part of the restaurant but didn't wander.
4	I love this place. Breakfast, lunch, dinner. The only thing I would recommend is charging $5 for the sangria instead of $7. The glass is small and full of ice. Come on, guys.
5	I love, love, love everything about Liberty Market! Everything from the staff to the food and their selection of wine and beer. I'm a frequent diner at Liberty Market, and while you can usually find me there for their amazing breakfasts during the week, I'm also a huge fan of dinner as well, especially since they mix up the menu on the weekends and usually have something different every week.If you have a chance, get your butt out here! It's amazing! (P.S. My faves: Cortado and the demi-breakfast with a blueberry pancake and bacon! Yummy!)
2	We use yelp soooo much that I had to write about this.  We went on a Thursday eve early.  It was not busy at all.  We ordered margherita pizza and wet pizza.  Took along time had to ask for tea and lemon.  Once the pizza was brought to our table it was Luke war, and looked as if it was sitting awhile.  I would think that a 900 degree oven would produce very HOT pizza.  Well that was not the case.  Kind of disappointed to horrible just bad.  Could have been so much better.  Soooo as to all the fellow yelpers if you go I hope your experience is better.  We won't be going again.  35 dollars too.  Very expensive.
5	Great place!!
5	Wonderful menu of different choices of food right here in the little town of Gilbert. Liberty Market gets crowed early but it's so worth the wait. We ate on the patio tonight surround by beautiful suculant plants.  Huge portions and a very attentive staff.  I can't wait to try Liberty Market for breakfast.
4	My BF and I came here last night with my parents and really liked it. Three of us had the Best Chicken sandwich and the other had the Tower Burger. Everything tasted pretty good. I'll admit that my chicken sandwich wasn't AWESOME by any means, but it was pretty good. I opted for the caprese pasta salad instead of the kettle chips but it was a bit bland; next time I'll try the potato salad instead. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and the atmosphere was great. I felt we were a lucky table because we got to sit outside where it was a little quieter then inside, plus the weather was wonderful. For now I'll leave the rating at 4 stars because I want to go back and try some of their other selections but all in all it was a great night and we're looking forward to going back!
4	Really good and affordable. Will definitely come back.
4	This place has it all. Great burgers, pizzas, salads & desserts. The breakfast also holds its own weight. Ran by great people, it's a place you should check out when you can.
3	Grew up in Phoenix but spent the last 10 years in LA where my food expectations have skyrocketed. I thought this place would still offer viable competition but the food was just okay. I think it's perfect for the audience so it's smart business making but nothing really exciting or original is going on here. They've stuck  to the basics and do well so can't fault them for that. Desserts are strong. The Salted River bar and the fruit tart were delicious.
4	Nice spot for a high quality lunch.
4	Salt river bars are my fav. It's kind of crowded inside, but its good.
4	The place gets pretty crowded. The people working there were friendly. I tried one of their favorites - Picnic with sweet potato salad. The sandwich was very good. The salad on the other hand was simply too salty to go with the sandwich.
5	My family loves Liberty Market.I really appreciate the decor of the restaurant; it's sort of a 50s style vintage that I would almost describe as "garage" but don't let that dissuade you from going.My absolute favorite dish they serve is the Picnic Sandwich.  It has roasted turkey, caramelized pecans, green apple, blue cheese, greens, and roasted red pepper aioli.  Everything about it is perfect, but when you get your first bite of blue cheese and caramelized pecans you'll wonder why you don't eat that sandwich every single day of your life.Another favorite is the Flatiron Steak with Mr. Pibb marinade.  I'm a fan of flatiron steak and anything that uses Mr. Pibb in it is good in my book.The line to order can get pretty long at the standard meal times, especially on the weekends, but the employees do a really good job of getting you a number and assigning you a table while you're waiting.  I've never finished ordering and not had a place to go and sit down right away - no matter how busy it's been.There is no waiter service at Liberty Market; you start by ordering your food at the register and then get your own drinks.  The food is delivered to you table by runners which is nice, but then drink refills are on your own throughout.  It's a good system that works well though.  The runners delivering the food to the table is a nice in between so you don't need to go back up to the counter after you've sat down.Dessert is great too - we always get the Salt River Bar because chocolate and salt is a perfect combination.  They have lots of house made desserts and bakery items like red velvet cake, cinnamon rolls, scones, rice crispy treats, and cupcakes.  Definitely pick something up for dessert.I've only mentioned lunch and dinner in this review, but Liberty Market does do breakfast which is what we go in for most often.  I don't love their breakfast selections however.  You pretty much only have a choice of variations on eggs.  The breakfast menu is not extensive or particularly interesting, but, like I said, my family and I probably go to Liberty Market for breakfast more than we do for lunch or dinner so take that for what it's worth.Liberty Market is one of our absolute favorite restaurants in the downtown Gilbert area.  We are so lucky to have such a unique place so close by and in an area that we love visiting.
5	My husband and I just moved to the area and have been twice to Liberty Market (Once for dinner and once for brunch). Both times food was outstanding as was the service.  I think this will be a favorite of ours and a place we will want to take company too.
4	Haven't reviewed this place in almost 2 years.  I should probably update!Liberty Market appears to be very popular, always busy. Some nights they have chef's specials.  Tonight was one of those nights, and that's what I ordered (the rib-eye).First, it was overpriced (probably the only reason not to give them 5 stars tonight).  But it was cooked perfectly, and had a nice sauce.  The accompanying potatoes and broccoli (from Agritopia) was very nice.  A solid four-star dish.The others ordered a burger (with chips) and a pizza.  They seemed to enjoy them.  The prices on those were also a bit more reasonable.Service was very good.  We were greeted several times between the door and the counter, and a woman I think was likely the owner checked on us later as well.This remains one of our favorite American cuisine restaurants with a unique flare.  Not ostentatious or snooty.  A casual elegance.
5	Where do I begin? We needed a spot for our rehearsal dinner, which after a couple inquiries I was starting to realize was turning into another mini wedding. Not only were most places ridiculous on "catering" for our group (since it was over 10 people I automatically was charged 50% more), but they were not responsive at all. We were eating lunch (Picnic Salad - my go to), and as I was gazing out at the Liberty patio, I was wondering...why don't we see if Liberty would host us? I never had seen a big party there since they are always packed but decided to try anyways.Not only did I get a response in less than 24 hours, I was asked what I wanted for the event, not given a structured package that I had to adhere to. We worked with Willy, the GM through the entire process. When we were getting closer to the date, Willy was SO great on keeping on top of me and making sure that everything was ready for the night of. Planning the wedding, I was putting the rehearsal dinner on the back burner so was so relieved that he was keeping in contact so well.We wanted to do a couple cute things like signing a champagne bottle and have pictures on the patio. All I had to do was drop off the decorations and the amazing team had it all set up when we got there. The area was GORGEOUS. The patio was reserved for us and transformed into such a beautiful party for our family and friends. We were able to pick some items to make a smaller menu for our guests. We also were able to chose whatever wine we wanted and weren't charged up front for it like most places do. I cannot even express how happy we were with William and his staff. The food was delicious, the atmosphere unbelievable and the over all night a success.We had always loved coming to Liberty, but with the awesome customer service and friendly staff, we have now considered this a very special place that we hope to celebrate many more occasions at.
5	Fresh, Light, delicious meals at a decent priceI have been here for several events - b-day parties, Sunday brunch, girls night, date night, etc.. and it fits any occasion. During the day, it's nice to get some AZ sun on their patio. At night, the candles and ambiance is inviting. Also, their service is FANTASTIC, they are truly concerned with making your experience a good one. Happy Eating!
4	I wish I could give these guys 4.75 stars! I love the architecture, the vibe, and decor. The brick wall, the open ceiling, the spread of all their delicious food; I just want to hang out there. The food . . . BANGARANG . . . the food! It is exceptional! The price point is set exactly right for the quality and quantity of food. I have eaten nearly everything on the menu and it is all fantastic! Their chicken sandwich is called "The Best Chicken Sandwich". It's clear why they called it that. The grilled sausage pizza that they make fresh, rolling and tossing the dough right in fornt of you, while then cooking it in an open brick oven with grilled onions, ricotta, and locally made arizona sweet Italian sausage - also BANGARANG! The only thing stopping me from giving a full 5 stars was the cashier my last time there seemed a bit grumpy. It happens . . . but I save my 5's for perfection. However, Liberty Market is as close to perfect as possible!
5	I love this spot. Excellent breakfasts and coffee!!!!
4	Pleasantly surprised!  We were out with an old family friend in from Houston, and decided to give this a try for lunch.  Really tasty!  Our friend had some sort of pizza, which he said was good.  The crust was really hard, as it had been prepared earlier and then topped and warmed up.  Had to get a steak knife to cut thru it.I had ( the Cuban) ham and cheese and purple cabbage pressed sandwich.  Very tasty.  My husband had what looked like a grilled cheese, but he said it was very good( Arizona Sky) He was particularly impressed with the Aioli, said it was very good.Overall, we will try it again.  Hopefully it won't be so busy next time and we can actually carry on a conversation while eating without yelling :)
5	Great spot for any meal or just dessert.
5	Awesome Concept and Great Execution.. All the breakfast items are awesome, Along with any dinner entree I've tried. Someone is always around to help, And management is always present and helping out! Great Restaurant, food & Service!!
5	BREAKFAST IS AWESOME, Best Biscuits and gravy ever... and This place serves Cortado's and Cortaditos which is CUBAN coffee...Great food for lunch as well but I havnt been for dinner yet  because you walk up and order then sit ..its a not quite what you would expect for dinner..I'm sure the food is awesome but they need to change that part at night to make it a little more traditional at night to go with the ambiance of the surrounding's of old town gilbert. I really like it during the day.
5	First time here.  The guy that greeted me recommended a few things including the  the white pizza, which I ordered.  It was very nice and tasty 10" pizza!!  Service was friendly and helpful.  I only ate part of my pizza and and asked for a togo box.  The guy forgot about it but when I went up and asked for the box, he apologize for forgetting it-not a big deal.
5	This one is a cut above the rest.  For one of the most important meals of the day....PICK LIBERTY!  The Biscuits and Gravy is delicious, you are not going to find a better combo in AZ!  All of us were in a "sharing" mood mainly because we all thought we ordered something better than each other. It was like, have some of mine..NO have some of mine!  I grabbed a vietnamese coffee, Ca Phe, it was iced so what is better than that in the summer.Get some, or a lot, you will be glad you did yo!
4	I like Liberty Market, quite a bit.  The only thing I've ever had that I didn't quite like over the past few years was the bread pudding, I found it too mushy.  I've mostly been there for breakfast which is always delicious!  My mom absolutely loves their coffee.
5	Had an awesome ahi tuna and risotto meal. Had a bed of risotto which wasn't too much just right and not too starchy or overpowering. Topped with seared ahi tuna that was cooked just right and had veggies accompany it with some bok Choi. It's not on the menu and was once of their dinner specials. Worth the 23 bucks and we always have awesome meals here. I always bring out if towers here because their attention to service and detail is great. Keep it up liberty market.
5	I do like this place, and after having breakfast at The Farm House next door I now have a greater appreciation for Liberty Market.
5	me and this place have been homies since day one, i love this resturnant .  pork chili scramble is off the chain...
5	OMG LOVE THE COFFEE AND SERVICE! Christine and Bruce at the coffee bare are truly fine and wonderful! Stop and see them!
4	Honestly, Liberty Market has to be one of the best things that has ever happened to Downtown Gilbert.  Their espresso drinks are wonderful (the cortado is to die for), their scones are amazing, their pizzas are delish, and honestly they have the best minestrone I have ever had in my entire life. The wine and beer selection is okay.  I wouldn't go here if I was out for drinks in particular.  The only exception is the Irish Coffee, which is mighty fine.
5	I don't know what to say except this place rocks my world! I am in love with the picnic salad! I dream about the picnic salad. When I drive by downtown Gilbert, I have food affairs because of the picnic salad. Oh great, now I want another picnic salad!
5	This review is a long time coming from me.  Only having lived in the Gilbert area for about 9 years, I have been able to see much of the old town grow into a more upscale, urban vibe to it that sort of meshes well with the dusty, tumbleweed blowing across the street scene that it is.  Confusing and sort of awesome all in one, the little old street in Gilbert has become a place of choice not only for me, but throngs of east valley residents as well.  There are too many good places to eat in this area and this is a good problem.  The review:Liberty has been a place I have been ordering take-out from for over two years now and my actual dine-in experience has been minimal. Parking is reasonable though can at times be difficult with Postino's, Joe's, and Oregano's all smashed together.  Phone-in orders are always courteous, almost always fully accurate with special order types, and the wait has never been prolonged.  The restaurant is clean and just fun to look at.  Food is delicious.  I have not sampled the entire menu but it is varied and well thought out.  Pricey?  Maybe.  I have learned that more imaginative and fresh food equals a more premium price and for the most part, I accept this.  As a creature of habit, I can speak on the salmon blt with authority; never fishy, good char on the bun, bacon is always delicious, tomatoes are thick and red.  Sandwiches are clever with designer cheese and excellent breads.  Homemade kettle-styled chips = yum!  Breakfast is also varied and delicious.  Coffee bar:  This is my favorite region of  Liberty.  I have shed the Starbucks addiction and moved to more local coffee houses that can replicate a good cappuccino.  Liberty can do this to my satisfaction.  The baristas are knowledgeable and friendly.  They will remember your order and chat with you if not too busy.  Adult coffee drinks?  Sign me up.  I love this place.  I want to move in to this place.  I dislike people.  Herein lies the problem.  The times I can visit are always peak when there are throngs of obnoxious humans and the acoustics are terrible.  Navigating the Yukon models of strollers to a table is an exercise in patience and contortion; space between tables is at a premium.  Is this a place to quietly work on your laptop with a cup of coffee? Depends on the time.  Is this a place to get an excellent coffee drink?  Yes.  Food is delicious and the atmosphere is engaging.  Pros:  Food and coffee drinks; decor and yes, bathrooms have character.Cons:  (Peak hours) Parking, too much humanity in one establishment, acoustics.    The Joe's chain has another winner.
5	I've been going to Liberty Market for a while, having everything from the meatball panini to the salmon plate. As great as the food is the atmosphere is even better. The culture of the people that come here is amazing, all very fun to be around. Customer service is top notch, it's great to hear words like "absolutely" "you got it " "perfect".Bring your laptop, chill, get some work done, order some potato salad. Long Live Liberty Market!AJ
5	Liberty Market is one of the best things about Gilbert. I've been here many times, with both family and friends. I love the look and feel of the restaurant, from the open kitchen to the coffee bar. And the food is always fantastic. I usually order the white pizza (pine nuts make the pizza taste so amazing) and my dad likes to get the tower burger. I've tried a few sandwiches and they are all good. The other day I tried the pasta bowl for the first time and I might start ordering that from now on. Everything is super fresh. You simply cannot live in (or visit) Gilbert without eating at Liberty Market at least once.
4	I went here for a girls night dinner before attending a show at the Hale Theater. We showed up a little later than the rest of our party, who had already grabbed a table. When we got there, there was a long line and we were afraid that the others in our party would have to wait awhile for us to eat our meal. Well, there was no worries to be had, as one of the staff asked if the rest of our party was already seated, we said "yes" and she then brought us over to the coffee bar to order our meal, so our whole party could get their food at the same time. My friend and I split the Italia salad, white pizza, and red velvet cake. The italia salad was very flavorful with high quality salami, artichokes, chick peas, basil and a tasty lemon vinaigrette. The white pizza was very good, the cream sauce, bacon and pine nuts were a very good combo. The red velvet cake was moist and the cream cheese frosting was delicious, very similar to La Grande Orange's. I recommend Liberty Market as their food, quality, and customer service were very good. It's too bad I don't live closer, as I would frequent this restaurant if I could.
3	Flatbread pizza was not bad but there are better choices if that is what you want to eat. The egg salad sandwich looked delicious so I may have to go back and try it. Please know this is a semi-fast food type restaurant.  You order your food and pay at the register and have a seat. You get a number to place on your table and they bring your food to you.  Also self serve drinks.  Menu has salads, sandwiches, pizzas for lunch.  Heard breakfast is good but haven't tried it yet. Very casual and comfortable atmosphere.
5	Awesome- found this on yelp so thanks to all who posted reviews. I had the picnic sandwich with the sweet potatoes salad with a glass of tap Chardonnay. Great choice. Hubby had the flatiron steak with chimichurri sauce with veggies and smashed potatoes. It was to die for. Great food, great atmosphere. Repeat the next time we are in Gilbert.
2	Not sure if we'll go back. Went there on a Saturday for lunch and expected it to be busy - it was, but no problem. Greeter was pleasant and immediately handed us menus and explained how the system worked (read menu while in line, order at end, take number and find table). The nice thing about waiting in line is that you watch the meals being made! I also watched a cook dump someone's plated lasagna on the floor - clearly a new cook. I ordered the Cuban sandwich with the side of roasted sweet potato salad, my lunch-buddy ordered the burger of the day, the bison burger, with chips. The food arrived pretty quickly considering the crowd (a very noisy crowd...but again, to be expected at lunch on Saturday), and nice and hot. But...the Cuban sandwich had absolutely no flavor. It was dry and I wouldn't have known it was supposed to be a Cuban. The roasted sweet potato salad was mushy and congealed  in goo - I took 1 bite and offered it to my lunch-buddy in case I was being overly picky. He made such a face, I know it wasn't just me. Since we split the Cuban and burger, I asked his take on the Cuban. He took a bite and dumped the rest. The bison burger, luckily, was great. The chips with the burger were standard out-of-the-bag chips. Three sauces were served with the burger - a bottled ketchup, a bizarre canned pineapple sauce(?!), and a tasteless orange mayonnaise that I think was supposed to be "spicey aioli." I've heard such good things about Liberty Market that this was a real disappointment - most of the food we tried was dismal. The bison burger didn't redeem the meal. I may try this in the future, but there's too many other places to try. Step up the quality Liberty.
5	I can't believe I haven't  reviewed this place. It is number 1 on my breakfast" "go to" places. I like everything about Liberty Market. From the historical  Market door used as a white board posting specials as you walk in, to the hanging Edison bulb lighting, to the  exposed brick, it just screams cool. It is not a chain and the food is delicious.Be warned the portions are huge so we usually split a meal. The scrambles are delish. Just had the Sicilian today, three eggs, onion, mozzarella, tomato and Italian sausage. Yum. Special shout out to the creatively decorated mixed gender bathrooms and free wifi!!!
5	Awesome place! Like the layout of the restaurant and all of the fresh and non-chain food combinations. Great place for a first date and is in down town Gilbert. They have an amazing iced coffee drink that's a must try!
5	A fantastic blend of eclectic atmosphere, inventive menu, and world-class execution--that's Liberty Market in a nut-shell. The line may be long, but it's absolutely worth the wait! By the way, don't forget your camera. The surrounding Gilbert historic district is full of great backgrounds...
3	I had heard lots of great things about this place, and had the opportunity to give it a try today for lunch. Ordered the farmers pressed panini which had roasted veggies and goat cheese. It was good for every bite where there was an abundance of veggies, but unfortunately most of the sandwich was dry and didn't have enough 'meat' for the size of the bread. It was also kind of dry, and would have been much better had there been some sort of spread on it or simply more goat cheese. I tried my husband's margarita pizza with roasted veggies and that too was just okay. The roasted veggies once again were very sparse and definitely not worth the $2 extra they charge for them. I also ordered a raspberry Italian soda - cremosa style, which tasted like half and half with sparkling water and no raspberry flavor. More on the disgusting side of flavors compared to everything else. I'd say skip this one if you are even considering trying this. For what I had expected of this place for their food it was just okay. Maybe i'll need to come back and give it another try with a different selection of items. Overall,  I did enjoy the atmosphere and ambience of the market so I excused the sub-par taste of the food!
4	This place was found purely out of need to find food before my friend and I ran to the barn for the evening. Working horses on an empty stomach is not a brilliant idea. Our respective beaus joined us and Yelp reviews dictated that the best place to go in the Gilbert area was Liberty Market.The food was GREAT. 5 stars on that. The entire atmosphere is VERY reminiscent of Panera, but more upscale and with home made treats versus corporate soup mixes etc.The service? Lacking if quantity. They have way too many customers for the amount of food runners they hired and are spread thin at no fault of their VERY competent staff. Had to pull a star for that.Definitely going back and definitely planning to enjoy this more!
4	Is Liberty Market my favorite place to eat? No, but it is unique, sits in downtown Gilbert and just has that "likeability" quality. Their food choices are classic (sandwiches, salads, pizzas) and for the most part, tasty. I like the ambience inside, everything is wide open and welcoming. Staff is friendly and prices are reasonable. I guess I just can't say I love anything I've tried here. The margherita pizza to me doesn't really resemble a margherita pizza. There aren't slices of tomato, basil and mozzarella on top but sliced really thin and almost could pass a cheese pizza without the small strips of basil on top. I also recently ventured to try a dessert, which was highly recommended by the cashier, and I really hated it. I don't remember the name of it but it was essentially a brownie/cookie made with corn flakes. It was overly sweet and had a very odd texture. No go for me! I recall breakfast choices being better and might go again soon to recall my distant memory.
2	The food and wine was amazing but there is one reason we will not return.  Midway through my meal I was really ready for another glass of the yummy cab I was drinking from Napa but the line to get another glass was so long and my food would have gotten cold if I would have waited.  If this restaurant was sit down with wait staff I would be there all the time.  Amazing food, great wine, poor concept.
5	This place is yummy.. The bread pudding is soooooo delicious!  It was pretty packed when we went but they are very organized and the line seemed to move quickly! Staff was very friendly, the only complaint was the cashier/order taker.. She was rude, unfriendly and acted as if you were bothering her! That was our only downside so I give it 5 stars still!!
3	My first visit to Liberty Market was definitely mixed up. Either I didn't understand their policies or I have overrated their service with a 3. We arrived near the end of lunch and the beginning of dinner service. Our reserved table for 12 was ready as promised but other than delivering our meal, that's the last we saw of the staff. We had to go ask for menus, drinks and orders. Is that the way they roll at Liberty Market?The food was good. Fairly expensive but big portions. I paid $25 for a salad, burger and soft drink. I took most of my salad home cuz it arrived with my burger even tho I asked for it to arrive early. The atmosphere was tough for me to rate cuz we were put in a corner of the restaurant and my back was to the whole place. I may try it again but if my gluten-free wife joins me, we might have issues. Their GF menu consists of "don't get a bun with your burger" type, which is not GF friendly.
5	I'm amazed at how friendly everyone here at Liberty Market is. Everytime I come here, the staff are all so happy and friendly. The Liberty Potatoes are the BEST potatoes I've ever tasted. The quesadilla is amazing also.
4	Amazing food. There really isn't another place in the valley like it. It tastes very fresh and the food is very unique. The grilled bread pudding is incredible. I highly recommend it to anyone.Cons-Coffee is below average.You have to stand in line to order. We waited about 45 min in line on a Saturday morning. This means adding to your order ie. drinks is out of the question after you have paid. This also mans servers only deliver food them disappear. You are responsible for your own drinks and refills. Usually these cons would warrant a much lower rating, but the food really was good enough to make up for it.Do not go if you are on any kind of time-constraints. Maybe a weekday would be better.
3	My wife and I stopped by one evening to see if Liberty Market lived up to hype we've read/heard about. Unfortunately,  our experience was mediocre at best. We ordered the appetizer Pizza and shared a Greek burger. The 'pizza' was no more than some bland flat bread with the lightest sprinkling of cheese (it became clear why the woman taking our order tried so hard to push an order of hummus with the pizza). The burger was juicy, but nothing special.  I may be back to try the baked goods.
5	This place is fantastic! The breakfast is so yummy. I love the Cuban coffee, I just had the cortado and it was perfect. The biscuits are the best, I drizzled some honey it and honestly it was unbelievable. This weekend the weather was beautiful and we were able to enjoy the patio which was enjoyable. You will not regret your decision to try this place for breakfast.
3	worth schlepping to Gilbert for. HOWEVER:1) lackluster service. Was not a busy night. Alcoholic drink glasses and empty beer cans left sitting the entire meal. Server forgot to bring promised cheese and peppers for the pizza. Forgot my macchiato.2) the serve-yourself coffee was good but it was room temperature.3) sampled the tea. Tasted a bit stale. Fresh tea is essential if you are going to serve it at all.4) the pizza was good but the crust was soggy in the middle.I'd still go back but the service issues need to be addressed and the coffee issue really needs to be addressed. Who the hell wants room temp coffee?UPDATE: Went back a couple months ago. I told them to cook my pizza well-done, while my dining companions did not. Boy did I make a wise choice as their pizzas turned out soggy-ish in the middle while mine was crispy perfection.ALWAYS TELL THEM TO COOK THE PIZZA WELL-DONE. It comes out much better that way.
5	We're big LM fans. They have great costumer service and a great social media presence. We go several times a month. The burgers are very good, I love their margarita pizza, amazing rice pudding, the Cali Cobb salad with ranch is a favorite. There's has rarely been a time I've tried something and didn't like it, although I'm not a big fan of most of their desserts.
5	Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner you can't go wrong at The Liberty Market!!!
3	Came for breakfast with the daughter. Don't remember much about the breakfast other than the HUGE blueberry pancake and the mediocre breakfast sausage links that needed more salt. Would like to go back and try lunch or dinner fare.
5	Scones and pizza were superb!!! I got my friend addicted! She drives from ahwatukee to liberty market daily for the scones!! Lol
5	Went witha good friend and ordered a white pizza and caprese salad.  All I can say is, delicious!
4	Great food, always fresh and innovative items on the menu. The staff is very friendly and attentive to what's going on. I also like that much of their produce comes from local sources.
5	Years ago, I was deterred from visiting Liberty Market because their website loudly and proudly said, "WE ARE CHRISTIANS." Also, it's in Gilbert.Oh, how I'd deprived myself all these years.Their pizza and salad combo is ambrosia for my soul. The salad was fresh and great, but let's talk about the pizza... oh, man. Fresh sweet ricotta, farm veggies, incredible, thick, crispy bread, and light sauce. So nice, I'd hit it twice. Or 17 million times.The music playing inside was awesome, so were the vibes, and the staff was nice and friendly, to boot.This area in Gilbert is really cool, but I can't will myself to branch out when I'm in the area. I've got an addiction, and the only thing that will stave off the pizzasickness is Liberty Market.
4	Yesterday was my birthday and I chose Liberty Market to celebrate at with my $10 off.  It's in our rotation of restaurants so I'm not a stranger, but usually like more ethnic foods.Last night I had the pizza special of Wild Mushroom Pizza. It had no tomato sauce and no mozzarella cheese(a first for me). It was light, another first for pizza, with a thin coating of Parmesan cream sauce.  The crust was crisp and thin, and the mushrooms were tasty, if a little meager. I'm sure that the truffle oil added a certain something, and although I didn't sniff it out, my daughter did. She had the Chicken Pasta with the same Parmesan cream sauce that was on my pizza. It was handy for me to dip the end pieces of crust into the sauce. I thought it was a bit salty. Her Caesar Salad came without any dressing, but with chicken, which she hadn't ordered. My husband had the Sausage Pizza, which tasted like sausage pizza. He liked it. I had Stella Artois Cidre which was very good. Neither bitter nor too sweet. For dessert I bought a Lemon Bar, and I thought I would share it three ways. It was that big. I really wanted a Cream Cheese Brownie, but, alas, there weren't any. The lemon bar was good, but not the best. The crust was too thick in proportion to the lemon curd.We were able to sit outside, the temperature was perfect and it was quieter than inside the restaurant. The servers and seating manager were efficient and considerate. Best of their kind. I'm sure we'll return.
3	What an odd experience. :-/I seriously dislike the waiting 20 minutes in an order line, getting seated, then waiting another 30 minutes for food after we were seated. Why not just take names like every other restaurant and seat people as the table opens up? My thought is that you're standing in line right next to the display cases the whole time, when it's your turn to order, you've been eying that slice of cake, scone, or other baked dessert for so long that you have no choice but to order it. Will power won out this time - no scone for me!The food was decent and the service was also pretty good. I ordered a chicken salad sandwich, being more in the average category than extraordinary, I don't think I would get it again. Having to serve my own drink from the fountain, waiting in line for so long to just make our order, getting taunted by all the baked goods, the general chaos of the place, and me personally living so far away (in downtown PHX), I can honestly say I'm not going to be making this a destination for dining. If you're close by and it's not a weekend, I imagine this spot is a lot less hectic and easier to deal with.Happy Yelping Phoenix. See you on Yelp!
5	There isn't a bad thing that I could possibly say about Liberty Market. Liberty Market launches my taste buds into space because their food is out of this world good! The biscuits and gravy are a must try along with an Americano. They also offer foods that are gluten free as well as vegetarian options. Customer service gets an A as well as the cleanliness of the restaurant. Don't leave without trying the Liberty Potatoes!  Parking is not your friend here, so good luck with that. Also, go early because this place gets packed...fast.
5	Right in the heart of downtown Gilbert The food is always awesome no matter what you order you won't be disappointedThey have remodeled recently and that has added more needed seatingBreakfast, lunch, dinner and dessert all 5 big stars!Also they spend a lot of time and money on their water quality which makes a huge difference for great tasting drinks
5	I have been here many times. Usually for breakfast before or after the Gilbert Farmers Market.  I am always pleased by the food, service and atmosphere.  Today I discovered that they changed the iced tea that they serve. No.big deal you say? I love iced tea.  Fresh brewed.  Black tea. No fancy flavors.  Now it is fruity. That might be your thing. More power to you. It is not for me. I found out by taking a sip. Ugh. No problem. They promptly exchanged it for a hot chocolate and with a smile on there face. I love great service.
5	My new favorite spot! The food is amazing and they serve so much I'm so glad I found this place. I'm cuban and their coffee is to die for!
5	I love how you can see everything going on in the kitchen.  The food is fresh and delish.  I just ordered breakfast and the best part of it was the pancakes!  It was fluffy and didn't taste like it came from a box.  The syrup they gave you is a bit watery but still good!  Hubby got the crab poboy and was surprised  how much crab you get!  Will definitely come back and try the lunch menu!
4	Drove by this place so many times and decided to give it a try.  Didn't care so much for the waiting in line gig.  Perhaps it's so busy and the place is small they have to resort to that, not a huge deal.  Had the "Best Chicken" sandwich, and it waas perhaps the best chicken sandwich I've had...even the kettle chips are awesome.  Would love to go back and try some more stuff.
4	Cute little spot in downtown Gilbert. I wasn't prepared for it to be more like a cafeteria but with really nice food. You place your order at the counter, the hostess finds you a table and then they bring things out to you.We had the short rib special which was delicious. Really rich with a great sauce and house made noodles.The Italian Salad was also good. Nothing super special but good and a really hefty serving.In fact, all the servings were really well sized.All in alla great place for a family dinner. Especially is your family is like mine and nobody can decide on a particular cuisine. Liberty Market had something for everyone.
5	LOVE this place! We come here almost every weekend. The pancakes are the best I've ever had. The service can be hit or miss but the food is so amazing I don't care! I love that they care about their community and try to buy local as much as they can.
3	3.5 really.  This place has a neat vibe and atmosphere.  But every time I have been, the food is just okay and it is way overpriced for very small portions.  A bowl of soup shouldn't be $7.5 and tiny coffees shouldn't be $4.  But a nice modern feel.  Very casual.  Not a sit down table service place.
5	I kind of feel like a jerk for taking YEARS to get to Liberty. I've been following Joe on Twitter for about 5 years. We have a lot of mutual friends, and I bumped into him at a wedding. I knew it was him because of the hat. I live in CenPho, so Gilbert is like a day trip to the country for me. But, my boyfriend lives there, so I am finally going to places I've been hearing about forever. I love Liberty Market! I had a burger with horseradish that was that day's special. My boyfriend had the Cuban. We both loved our food! The potato chips were homemade, which is pretty much the coolest thing ever. The staff looks happy to work here. The place was PACKED, but the tables emptied and got filled right away. They seem to have a good system down for times that are busy like these.I even saw two people I know there, so that tells you what kind of place you're at.I can't wait to go again!
5	Excellent food. Great Service. Very Friendly staff a great place to go to. We ate breakfast here the other day and totally enjoyed it. Will definitely be going back again.
5	I'm here often - usually for coffee.  So while I recognize I've got a little 'local bias' in me, I have no problem noting things I don't love.Liberty Market is a just a great joint.  It really deserves credit for planting the first flag in the name of the blossoming downtown Gilbert foodie movement.  My kids used to tell me they liked going to Liberty because their bathrooms were awesome.  They're right of course, but the food is pretty good too.  :)To the coffee...   Like many others I am sure, I can rate my liveliness (if not likeability) each day on a scale of  'BC / AC' - Before Coffee / After Coffee.  Liberty definitely has the best coffee bar in the area - and their stock brew is Portland's Stumptown!  You can't go wrong with any of the coffee bar choices, but the Ca Phe (Vietnamese) and Cortadito / Cortado (Cuban micro) are favorites, as is the simple French Press.  Liberty always has a super assortment of pastries to choose from, should thy tooth be feeling sweeter than thy coffee.  They do a great job of keeping some favorites while always adding new treats to try.  I don't have a big sweet tooth, but I've enjoyed the innovative griddled bread pudding and like their bisuity scones - especially vanilla with coffee.  My kids go bonkers for the Salt River Bars.  The pizza is on par overall with Grimaldi's, which the only pizza@chain I really love.  I'd rate them pretty equally because Liberty has more specialty choices.  To me, the crust at Liberty (and Grimaldi's) is spot-on perfect and they use fresh mozzarella to boot.  The perfect pizza crust should be chewy, with a crunchy, crusty tooth.  Also, you shouldn't have to wait 5-10 mintues for an inch thick of liquid hot magma cheese to cool before you dig in and then later wonder whether you'll be able to digest it - which is a problem with typical pizza place pizza.  A real pizza is spectacular right out of the fiery, burning furnace and thrown on your table.  That first 5-10 (10 is pushing it) is the window when a pizza is more than just a 'pizza.'   It becomes more and more mundane after 5 minutes.  Don't Yelp-punch me if you're from the Midwest and are screaming about Lou Malnati's or the like.  That is a savory pie.  It can be very delicious.  But it isn't pizza.  Hey, I didn't make the Rules della Pizza.  Naples did.The sandwiches at Liberty are very good.  My favorites are the Farmer Press and the Turkey Brie.  However, the cold-case sides feel 'hit or miss' in my opinion (since Liberty has high standards).  My advice is to find one you like and keep going back to that well.  The burgers are outstanding, although I only eat a couple a year.  Liberty always has some really creative specialty burgers that are worth checking out if you are a carnivore.The fish dinners, especially the specials, are worth their price.  Gourmet restaurant quality with great sides (I can never get enough cauliflower mash) and special sauces.I used to have some gripes about Liberty breakfast - not that it was bad, just that you had few alternatives to biscuits and greasy potatoes.  I think the Liberty Potatoes have way too much cheese, but I'm sure some may disagree.  It used to bug me you could not get eggs made to order - but they appear to have changed that policy.  In fact, I had over-easy eggs (opposed to sunnies) yesterday.........which brings me to ending this review with my favorite item on the current menu - the chilaquiles.  They are absolutely fantastic.  Salsa pequin, one of the salsas they pour over the dish, is one of my favorite Mexican salsas (tomatoes and tomatillos both, for a tangy and earthy spice).  Liberty does the chilaquiles as well as they can be done, period.  The net-net recap - Liberty is a great choice for almost any taste.  It gets a 5 star review from me in part for that - but also for having some items that nobody nearby really does better - coffee, pizza, fish - and now chilaquiles.  :)
4	Everything about Liberty Market is done right. Why don't we have one of these near me? My burger was cooked perfectly, I loved my dining companion's Salmon BLT, and the Salt River bars for dessert were superb.  I also tried a bite of the flank steak and thought it was really, really good.I love that you stand in line, and once you order, they have a table for you. So much better than fighting people for table space.
1	Not overally impressed with the quality of the lunch here. Food was average at best. They actually brought the wrong burger to my wife and instead of fixing it like a great establishment would, they simply brought her the extra toppings. Lame.
4	Breakfast was good! Everyone was really nice and friendly. On your way to the bathrooms, you will be able to see the chefs at work. It's nice that you can see how they are preparing the food. The bathrooms are pretty cool as well! I recommend it. The French toast was delicious!
3	This is one of the restaurant owned by Joe BBQ grill across the street. The presentation of each dish is well done. Also, there are variety of menu and easy to choose. It's not the fancy place where you take the minutes to choose your dish. The restaurant works as the combination of fast food and restaurant. The price is little high for what they out in front of you, but the taste is pretty decent. I had salmon sandwiche and Margarita pizza. Pizza is outstanding. However it is not the shareable size so you may need at least two if you are trying to fill you up with two people. Another unique thing about this place is the coffee shot they serve. I am not the heavy codify drinker but I like the espresso shot which they have. If you are looking for something refresh after the meal, I would highly recommend this place even after your meal somewhere near by. The restaurant crews are very friendly.
5	I have been coming to Liberty Market for the past 3 years, and i kick myself for not writing/rating it sooner. I truly do love this restaurant. I have never had a poor experience, the staff is always super friendly, the atmosphere is great and the food is phenomenal! Chef David Traina is awesome and keeps coming up with fresh new options to try that are sensational!Recommendations for breakfast: Buttermilk Pancakes (add blueberries), Green Chili Pork Scramble and Breakfast Burrito. *Beverages to try: Chai Latte and Mimosa are delightful!Recommendations for lunch: Cuban, Hollywood Cobb and Best Chicken sandwich are all amazing. Recommendations for dinner: Starter - Antipasto & Roasted Brie Plate. Entrees - Flatiron Steak, Rustic Creen Chile Pork and their burger's are worth trying as well. Desserts: One of my all-time favorite desserts you can get here, their ice-cream sandwich is perfection! If you only come here for dessert, you must get it regardless of the time of year. I crave this ice-cream sandwich, it's so yummy!
5	Pizzas and burgers at this place are awesome. Been here half a dozen times and every time it's great. Highly recommended.
5	Weekly Special dessert 1/3-1/4: Baked Alaska - Simply DELECTABLE!! If you get anything while at Liberty Market this weekend you must try the Baked Alaska. The yummy chocolate cake with the cherry ice-cream and the whipped topping is scrumptious. Well done guys, well done!
4	Great vibe to this place feeling much like a local coffee shop but perhaps a little less warm.  The menu is diverse and I love seeing local brews available.  The wood fired brick oven turns out great pizza and they have a great variety on their menu.  This place is cafeteria style when ordering then they bring you your food.  Seating is rather uncomfortable which is one of the one dings I have for it other than the price which is a little on the high side considering the experience.  Regardless this is a great place with great food so do not shy away.
2	I'm going against the popular opinion here -but it's one I didn't want to be true! I tried so hard to like it here, I did :) I've been there several times, tried atleast 7 of their sandwiches and each time... eh, bland. The sandwich looks INCREDIBLE! and fresh and delicious -so you're excited to eat it, but then there's no taste :/ My husband and I could not figure out why Joe's Farm Grill is so delicious but Liberty isn't :( I also tried their cream filled chocolate cupcake (which looks amazing) but same thing -no taste, and I don't even know how you get chocolate to not taste chocolatey! Maybe we're trying the wrong things -I don't know, I'll probably give it another chance haha  **oh, their cordaditos are delicious though, wish I could have one everyday :)
4	I really like this place.  Sometimes, i even love it. 4.5 stars is really the right one for this spot.   Been here 10+ times.  I'm cool with the ordering arrangement:  stand in line, order at cashier, find your own seat(s) and they bring you the food.  (I can see some people hate that...maybe they prefer sitting outside of Outback for 45 minutes holding a pager)Good vibe inside.  great location.  Breakfast before the farmers market, or dinner before a play at the playhouse.  Breakfast Favorites:  Biscuits & Gravy, Chilaquiles (haven't tried with the green chile pork yet, but i will).  Chorizo quesadilla is great.Dinner:  pizzas, burgers, salads.  i've been happy with all of them.  partially Rotating Menu:  weekly Burgers specials are awesome.  Pizza of the week options.
2	Stopped in for a piece of carrot cake to go.  Not impressed. The icing was very heavy on butter and the cake was extra oily,  presumably to keep it most for longer.  However,  I will come back and try their food and then update my review... But for now,  skip the cake!
5	Kristen and the rest of the Liberty Market staff were so friendly! All the food looks unreal, atmosphere is fantastic, even down to the bathrooms. Definitely stop by if you're in the area.
4	Liberty Market deserves its 4 to 5 star rating. It's smaller than I was expecting, and fairly busy for a weekday lunch, but I ordered, got seated and served in a decent amount of time. This was my first time there and I enjoyed my Margherita pizza. Unlike a lot of restaurants that used "wood fired" as an excuse to burn their pizza crusts, Liberty Market cooked my pizza to perfection. I'll definitely return - their breakfast menu had some interesting items that I'd like to try. Highly recommended.
4	I figured out why you wait in a long line to eat here . Its part of a numbers game to turn tables over in a systematic way. No waiters and 50 people just cant walk in the door at rush hour and plug up all the tables! It forces a smooth turn over of tables. it took us about 20 minutes to order last night and the line was to the back door. I had the tower burger which was very good....9.95 and it came with potato chips.A very thick burger patty!The pineapple chutney it came with was great on my chips!Dont let it go to waste.All of the ingredients looked very fresh....i will go back.WARNING...... FROM NOV- APRIL.....DO NOT THINK YOU ARE JUST GOING TO WALK IN AND ORDER AROUND DINNER TIME ON ANY DAY.OUR LINE WAS 25 ft long at 6pm on wedSNOWBIRD ALERT!!! Snowbird alert !!!! BEWARE!!!
5	Everything I have tried at the coffee bad, breakfast, lunch, dinner, and specialty menu have been delicious! The employees are beyond amazing! The bathrooms a very clean and cool. I'm there every Saturday and always trying new items. Definitely recommended if you're in the Gilbert area.
5	Had a Saturday morning downtown Gilbert date with my boyfriend and we tried this place for the first time. It was really busy for brunch on Saturday because of the Farmers Market but it was worth the wait. The iced lattes are delicious and the Grilled Bread Pudding my boyfriend ordered was so tasty! I ordered the Biscuits and Sausage Gravy and really enjoyed that too! We are hoping to go there again soon. :)
5	Wow! I originally came here for breakfast and enjoyed it (they offer tea in a separate pot, and that's always a good sign) so I recommended it for our "weekly dinner with in-laws". This is always a challenge, with many dietary restrictions and limited palates. But everyone loved it, the food was outstanding as was the service. The only drawback is the "seat after you've ordered" policy. Fortunately, we got there just before the crowds really started to roll in. Friday night is pretty popular. I had their margarita pizza, which to me is always about the sauce. And the sauce did not disappoint. My husband had the flank steak and subbed out the cauliflower for the mashed potatoes. I'm not a meat eater, so I'll have to trust him when he said it was delicious. But if the cauliflower side is any indication, it was amazing. My inlaws got the salmon special and the BLT (traditional) respectively. Both were very very happy. After our dinner, one of the many wait staff took our order for dessert (so we didn't need to get back in line) and we both enjoyed the treats. My father-in-law had a cookie that made him very happy and I had their special avocado mint chocolate chip ice cream. Extra creamy and yummy. It made the thin mint on top taste flat and boring. Supper happy with our experience, can't wait to go back!
5	My husband and I have been here numerous times but tonight had to have been our best experience yet! We were greeted my one of the new owners, David, who personally recommended the specials... Blackened salmon on garlic mashed potatoes and the crabcake on avacado corn salad. Both entrees were perfect! Perfect size, perfect taste!  Because the portion sizes were actually normal, we also treated ourselves to desserts... Carrot cake and BlackBerry lemon bars...o...m...g.... They were both to die for!  I highly recommend the BlackBerry lemon bar if you prefer tart to sweet desserts... Excellent!!! While we were digesting our scrumptious dinner the owner came by again and spent time discussing their new decor and how the try to buy locally... Which explains the fresh food! Now I'm almost done, but like every other time I chime here I can't leave without taking home a salt river bar... They are some of the best things I've ever tasted... I took home two... One to share with a friend so I can get her addicted too! My suggestion... Go at off times... The place gets packed and if your impatient or in a hurry this is not the place to go... It's meant to be enjoyed and relaxed... No fast food... No hurry... Just a great dining experience!
4	My husband and I went here a few weeks ago with our daughter. The atmosphere is neat. I am not a huge fan of the cafeteria style line, especially if you have little ones. Also, they do not have a kids menu so keep that in mind.I got a steak, which was delicious with great flavor. My husband got a pizza with white sauce and we also got my daughter a cheese pizza. All of the food was good, and my daughter actually liked my husbands pizza more than her own, which was a nice surprise. We then had dessert, which we thankfully ordered while in line the first time. We had a Guinness cupcake and a Salt River Bar. The cupcake was good, nothing amazing, but the Salt River Bar was fantastic.I also love that they have drinks that are made and bottled ahead of time, so when you order one it comes right up in its own bottle. And the drinks I had (I can't remember which ones they were) were great.And, I love the bathroom there. I hate when you go to a cool place and go to the bathroom only to find that they have put zero effort into making it nice. It is a coed bathroom so keep that in mind, but it has closed off stalls so no worries. We will be going back, maybe when it's just my husband and I.
4	good staff
1	Unbelievably uninspiring breakfast. Chilaquiles was cold so I got the biscuits and gravy. Dry biscuits and gravy under seasoned and lacking flavor. I have never posted a review on yelp but this meal was so bad I felt I had to. Nothing original on the breakfast menu..will not return.
2	I really wanted to like this place.. but it just falls short. I went here on a sunday morning, it was packed (obviously.) The concept seems pretty good.. upscale, fresh "cafeteria" style food. I waited for about 40 minutes in a long line, which takes you past premade food and tempts you to order more. The staff was nice, approached us several times to make sure we knew how to order and how the menu works. The food was expensive for what it was. I got a vegetable panini and it was OK. Ingredients were fresh but just seemed so uninspired. Something about this place left me feeling irritated and kind of angry when I left. Would prefer not to go back here ever.
5	It took a year from the time I moved to Gilbert for me to finally visit this restaurant. My only regret is not coming sooner. We visited on a wednesday night and were surprised to see that the restaurant was almost full. We ordered from the nice cashier and signed our ticket with one of their very cool "spoon-fork" pens. The FOOD: I ordered the cobb salad with no egg. The salad was delicious, crisp greens, perfect combination of chicken, bacon, avocado and lots of blue cheese! They offer a choice of blue cheese dressing and balsamic. I like a mix of both and they were nice enough to accommodate yet another special request from me. My daughter had their Best Chicken sandwich. Of course in my house I have a rule, I have to try everyones food so I can write a Yelp review that is accurate. So I had a couple of bites of her sandwich and it was delicious, perfect combination of all delicious juicy chicken breast with melted Monterrey jack cheese and that heavenly avocado spread, I almost didn't want to give her sandwich back.My son had the burger special of the week: The Ruben Burger. Oh my, what deliciousness! This teenager of mine, who normally would just inhale a food he likes or refuse to eat it if it "looks weird" declared that he was going to eat this burger slowly, because  since it was a special, he wasn't sure he could have it next time we come here. I had to sneak a bite when he got up to refill his drink and then of course the other mandatory bite for the yelp review. THE RESTThe ambiance is great, the decor of the place is amazing, the bathrooms are cool, a little awkward if you are not used to co-ed bathrooms in a restaurant and all their employees were nice and friendly. I will make sure not a month goes by without making a second visit to them!
5	One of my fav places in the entire valley! Food is really good and coffee is one of the best in town.
4	Pretty cool place in Gilbert for breakfast. Fresh ingredients, open kitchen and a LONG line. I recommend splitting the breakfast quesadilla (it's very filling). And if the line discourages you, look forward to the unlimited coffee refills.
5	I truly love all of Joe's places.  Liberty Market has the best espresso I have ever had.  I always order a cortadito and it never fails to bring joy to my day.  The food is always great the atmosphere is amazing.  The service is always top notch.  If you want to relax and get a feel for Gilbert this is the place for you.  If it's your birthday you also get $10 worth of free food.  Thanks for making us feel special on our birthday Joe!
1	Ordering breakfast should be a relatively simple matter.  You're seated, you order, you pay, you go. However, at the Liberty Market Restaurant, they take a simple matter and turn it into dining hell.  I had wanted to try the Liberty Restaurant for a while as it was always busy.  So on 03/07/14, I decided to give it a try. First, off, parking was interesting as is often the case with gentrified or revitalized downtown areas. At both entrances, there is a sign that states to "Order Before Seating." I waited by one counter.  The server gave a perfunctory hello, and then proceeded to walk  by me twice while I stood there.  So I went to the other end of the restaurant and waited there.  She walked by me again, finally seating herself at the espresso bar to chat with the regulars.  I was completely ignored. As a customer, I can say the service was horrible.  I didn't even stay to try the food, I ended up leaving and going to another restaurant. Later on, when I saw their prices, I'm glad I didn't eat there.  They are very overprices, and if the service is any indication, you're better off not eating there.  At the Liberty Market Restaurant, it seems that if you're one of the cadre, you're welcome.  If you're a new customer, then  there is no place for you there.  If you want great service, and a friendly, welcoming atmosphere...go to another restaurant instead.
4	Delicious food but we went during Valentines day so there was a huge line! I would definetly come here again when it is not so busy.
1	First visit and not a good experience. My breakfast came minus the biscuit and gravy and with no assigned server (you stand in line to order and food runners bring your plate) I had to go back inside (we sat in the outside patio) and request the rest of my breakfast. My breakfast was served but not the other two in my party. After a ten minute wait I started to eat it because it was getting cold. We stopped two different  food runners and asked about the rest of our order and were told "I'm sure it will be right up". We waited forty five minutes and nothing. The only thing they did right was refund the charge for the food that never came. They did apologize for the lousy service but we won't be going back.
5	We haven't dined here as much as the other Joe's Restaurants, but this is a really nice place and the desserts are decadent.  That's what we know because we usually get something for our birthdays.Their breakfasts and dinners are good.  We've not had lunch here, but I'm sure it's good.  The place is trendy casual, so nice for families, small business lunch, or a date.  The service is also very friendly and wonderful.
5	Looks like this place was actually a town market at one point.  Parking available on the street or a block down the road (covered parking on the left).  It's a pay at the counter type of place so grab a menu when you walk in.  While your waiting in line to order you will be given a number that will correspond to your table.  This is a genius way to prevent small parties from taking big tables!   We arrived for a late breakfast and were still able to get a table for 6.  You will then place your food and drink order (You would be doing yourself an injustice if your order excluded something from the Espresso Bar).We ordered a breakfast quesadilla with chorizo and the American Standard with a side of biscuit an gravy.  For coffee we ordered a cortadito, 2 cappuccino's, and a Vietnamese coffee.We found our seat right away and got ourselves some water which was in the middle of the dining area.  The coffee was served up promptly and we were surprised that the cortadito came in a pair of shot glasses.  Upon first sip, we knew we were in an amazing place.  The cortadito is pretty much the best coffee drink I've ever had in my mouth.  I would put it up against Monmouth coffee in London.  It was creamy but not too sweet and had a wonderfullly smooth roasted flavor.  You will want both shots for yourself (cortado) but it is a great way to share a coffee.  The cappuccino used Stumptown and it had a wonderful flavor to the espresso.  I added a touch of raw sugar to sweeten it and it really was excellent.  The Vietnamese coffee was a little too sweet but had a wonderful taste to it as well.  The E61BAR knows how to make espresso!!!  I don't think you can go wrong at the coffee bar.  The Cuban drinks use Mr Espresso French Roast (oak roasted beans from Oakland, CA) while the others use Stumptown (these are listed on the menu) beans from Portland, OR.  The breakfast quesadilla looks quite unappealing on the plate as it's a folded tortilla with a side of salsa and nothing more.  The filling was a delicious blend of chorizo, eggs, cheese, and onions (the salsa really made it pop).  I feel like the tortilla got in the way and a scrambled version would be a better implementation.  Maybe if the made fresh tortillas it would boost this dish.The All American Breakfast had a huge pile of eggs, but they were uninteresting and rather bland.  The fried potatoes were much more flavorful with onions bell peppers and red pepper flakes.  Dave is amazing at making fried potatoes and quite a nice guy.  The biscuit was moist and fluffy...highly recommended!  The gravy was good but not as good as homemade.  It had a touch of spice but lacked a sausage flavor.I'd be remiss not to mention the window enclosed kitchen on the way to the bathrooms where you can watch the food being prepared.  I watched Dave's potato magic and am ready to duplicate at home.  :)The bathrooms are quite unique with each stall individually decorated with a different theme.  One of the themes are recipes but I cannot say they're used by the restaurant.I cannot wait to come back again.  The passion in the food really comes out and the wood fired pizza oven is begging me for a dinner visit!
5	Yet another great local restaurant brought into being by Joe Johnston (creator of Joe's Farm Grill and Joe's Real BBQ).  The place is built out of a revamped 1930's grocery store and is super cool inside!  They have a wood fire pizza oven (you'll see all this wood stacked outside on the patio -- adds to the cool ambience) and swanky espresso bar.  The bathrooms are pretty awesome too.Most all the food is amazing here.  The pizzas are really tasty, so much so that I never seem to have the self control to not order them and try something new.  If you're vegetarian or trying to eat more greens, try the veggie pizza -- made with local produce, whatever is freshly picked ends up as toppings!  Salads and sandwiches are also delicious.  And the dessert selection is always pretty great.  The only negatives are that the place can get incredibly busy at peak hours, so come early or be prepared to wait.  Also, food (entree, drink, dessert, etc.) adds up quick and can get kinda pricey here.  Another bummer is that the waitstaff won't seat you if your whole party isn't present, which has been an issue/hassle in the past when a large table was needed for a birthday party or special event but all the guests had yet to arrive.  Other than that though, it's wonderful!Come here on your birthday and get $10 towards your meal!
5	It would be totally unfair to you my fellow yelper, if I didn't update this review to tell you more about Liberty Market every time I visit, even if it has been less than a month since I've been here last.I had a friend visiting from out of town and I would not be the hostess with the mostess unless I brought her to Liberty Market.It was a busy saturday night, there was a long line, we were hungry and thirsty. We quickly made it to the back of the line and started looking at a menu. The hardest part about eating here is deciding what you will eat. A seating host came by, asked us if we wanted to seat inside or outside, once we told him he gave us a card with a number and said he would go and find us a table. We quickly got to the cashier and ordered our food. White pizza and the Picnic Salad, the cashier asked if we would be sharing the salad and offered(anticipating our needs, whaaaaaat?) to split the salad for us. We also ordered some drinks from the bar. Once we had our water we headed to the outside area and there was our table! Great system to assign tables! Once we sat down our drinks were delivered so fast you'd think they were delivered by jimmy johns. The drinks were delicious and very refreshing. Once the pizza arrived and my friend the avid instagrammer took pictures of the food, we were in heaven. This pizza is so good, it is making my mouth water.I am in love with Liberty Market.
1	First time at Liberty and the last, it was expensive 29.00 for two people for a stack of pancakes with ice cold syrup and a side of 2 pieces of cold sausage, 2 scrambled ice cold dry eggs 1 saus. link and a dry biscuit, no butter/honey 1cup of regular coffee that they didn't bring the cup till after I got my breakfast and 1 apple juice. I think $29.00 is expensive for that plus it was all cold. When I told the waiter he responded with "Oh my bad" what the heck is that suppose to mean. Never again.....
5	Liberty market is perfect for a lunch or dinner. Unfortunately I haven't come for breakfast yet so I don't know how good their breakfast is. The deserts look really good also. They have the pizza and salad lunch combo plus they full sandwich menu. The Cuban is awesome with the sweet potato side. Today I got the caprese sandwich with the potatoes salad. Liberty market is always a good choice.
5	Second trip to Liberty Market on our spring training vacation.  Between the coffee and the food there's no reason to go elsewhere in the greater Phoenix area.This trip we ordered the Chilaquiles, Green Chile Pork Scramble, Grilled Bread Pudding, and pancakes and a side of liberty potatoes.Chilaquiles are SPICY!  Sooo delicious with the egg yolk leaking all over the chips.  This is probably my favorite of favorites.  There is simply excitement in every bite.Green Chile Pork Scramble has carnitas mixed evenly with a mild green chili sauce.  Quite tasty!  The biscuit and potatoes boosts this dish's rating.Grilled bread pudding is the best version of French toast I've ever tasted.  So moist in every bite.  It is literally grilled bread pudding.  AmazingPancakes were really moist an dense.  If you like pancakes, these are a good choice but boring in comparison to the other dishes.My wife ordered a cortado, a cortadito, and a Vietnamese coffee less sweet.  She was in heaven as each of these were perfect.So sad that Liberty Market exists only in Gilbert, AZ.  I'll be back!
5	Got the smothered burrito with chorizo, and the Sicilian scramble today.  Of course we got cortados and cortaditos again.  The carafe of OJ was tasty!The burrito is a LOT to eat and I recommend splitting it.  The sauces really make this dish but the chorizo with potatoes inside is ridiculous.  This is second only to the chilaquiles for breakfast here.  The Sicilian scramble was light and tasty, but my party raved over it.  I likes it but there are so many other good dishes here with boldness.
5	This is honestly one of my favorite places. I've been many times and I've always had great service; everyone is very friendly and professional. The food always tastes fresh and is so good that it sometimes reminds me of home-cooked meals. Although there are a couple things on the menu I've had that weren't so good but it's probably just a personal preference and someone else who've ordered it may have liked it. I don't know.Anyway, the last thing I'd like to say is how much I love the staff. They are all so kind and I've made some really great conversation with some of them and they always have made me feel really important (as weird as that sounds). But in my opinion, customer service is THE MOST IMPORTANT thing in the restaurant business. The food somewhere could be crap, but if the service is great and employees are friendly, nothing else matters. It wouldn't guarantee I'd be back, but it at least made the experience well worth it :)
3	After anxiously waiting several weeks to try this restaurant, I was not that impressed with meal. $39.35 for two people for breakfast...Holy Cow! We ordered:- Bacon Pancakes- Liberty Potatoes- Side of Eggs- Side of Sausage- Griddled Bread Pudding- Kir Royale Pro's:- Appreciated the ability to order my food before sitting down- You can see the chef's prepare the food in the open- Bacon Pancakes were awesome! Loaded with plenty pig! - Liberty Potatoes were well seasoned and on point!- Sausage was acceptable; not too salty, which I preferCons:- Major attitude was given when I POLITELY advised that my glass had apparent lipstick of sorts and NOT from my lips. The person tending the E61 Bar suggested that it wasn't ..... I DONT GIVE A DAMN WHAT IT IS, MY GLASS IS APPARENTLY DIRTY! The manager was not all that pleased that I brought it up either, but so what! I just paid $40 and expect stellar service and clean tableware.- Potatoes, eggs and sausage were brought out several mins before the main dish....uh, I prefer my entire meal at once and not in courses. - Griddled Bread Pudding was a bit soggy for my liking. - Kir Royale IMMEDIATELY gave me a headache; clear sign of cheap alcohol- The line was a tad bit long to place an order. I would expect if you're standing in line to order and pay that it would move along much quicker than 25 mins.While the menu had several items I would love to try, it will be quite a while before I revisit. I never place a dollar amount on a good meal however, I do prefer to get what I pay for. This was NOT a $40 breakfast!
5	Their lattes and Corditos are amazing.
5	I really like Liberty Market. They are very well organized for how busy they can get. When you are waiting in line to order your food someone is going down the line making sure you have a table waiting for you when you are done ordering. The food that I have gotten this last visit and the visit before that has been fantastic. While you wait for to order you get to see people making the food as well as look into the display cases of the side dishes and the deserts which can be a bad thing when you are hungry. You end up getting more food then you thought you were going to get.I got the Best Chicken sandwich and it was truly some great chicken so it could be the BEST chicken. The kettle chips are good and the Cheesecake that I ordered was amazing. I wish I lived closer I would visit more often.
5	Food here is delicious.  Make sure you try the egg salad sandwich and vegetarian pizza!  Service is sketchy sometimes but otherwise worth the wait.
5	I have been to Liberty Market on several different occasions now and it is definitely a place you need to visit if you are in the East Valley. The location is excellent, on a street corner in downtown Gilbert directly across from Postino's and Joyride. Built out of an actual Market, there are still vintage shopping carts and other items adorning the decor. The size, feel, and layout make it nice for couples, families, or other large groups. Outdoor seating is nice but limited, and you may find yourself in the sun depending on where you sit.The counter ordering process is novel, but more and more places are adopting this method. Often the lines can be long, especially for some dinners and Sunday brunch, but there are usually plenty of staff to keep the process moving. Even at it's longest I don't think I've waited more than 20 minutes or so to order and sit down. Plus the time passes pretty quickly because the line runs next to the open kitchen, allowing you to look at all the prep work going on and to admire the wood-fired pizza oven.As for food, I have yet to be disappointed by my selections. I have mostly gone to Liberty Market for brunch. The seasonal pancake is always a nice option, with the most recent one being an orange pancake with a vanilla drizzle. It was light and not overly sweet, just good hints of orange with only as much vanilla syrup as you need (even though you might want more). I personally think the best  selection on the breakfast/brunch menu is the Smothered Breakfast Burrito. They have a grilled chicken or Schreiner's chorizo option for the protein and both are good (although I usually opt for the chorizo). Tomatillo or chile pequin salsas on top, yum yum! It's definitely a large item, so plan on being full or sharing with your dining companions. You can also order single glasses or large carafes of mimosas or sangria. Both are good ways to start a relaxing weekend.On top of all of this they also have a very nice coffee bar that can be accessed separately from the food if you are just stopping in for your caffeine fix. The regular coffee is certainly good, but if you really want a good coffee experience go for the Cafe Au Lait or the "Ca Phe" which is a take on Vietnamese iced coffee. Downtown Gilbert is amassing a very nice selection of dining establishments, especially with the Upward Projects restaurants anchoring the scene. But for my money, I almost always find myself at Liberty Market when I'm in the area.
4	DELICIOUS is the word that comes to mind! Great for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Not a sit down service restaurant -you order at the counter and they bring out your food. Sometimes the line can be quite long, but it goes fast and it is worth the wait. If you want something to hold you over grab a cup of coffee at their espresso bar before you get in line. I don't eat meat, but I have heard from friends the meatball sub is amazing! A few of my personal favorites are the vegetarian pizza, the breakfast burrito & the egg salad sandwich. If its a nice day, request a seat on their outdoor patio!
4	Minimalist yet stylish decor.Food is fresh and service is great. Had their Cobb salad with balsamic vinaigrette which had a little too much dressing for my liking but it was tasty loaded with tons of bacon and chicken. Rice pudding comes in 3 diff sizes, be hungry if you're going to get anything other than a small cup. Their pomegranate green tea is unsweetened and refreshing. :)
1	Overpriced and ridiculous set up. Rude staff thst make you feel like an inconvenience.  Older gentleman maybe owner, is very helpful to select people. Im guessing regulars. Ive been in twice and been ignored by him while he bent over backward to people around me. Very rude experience today waiting for takeout. Sat by bar at large table. Jerk employee came over to seat some people and told me to get up and that the space was for customers. WTF. I just paid $16 for luke warm coffee and gross sandwich..plus there were other seats available right around me. GO next door to Farmhouse where food and staff are much better.
2	My wife and I went here for the first time on a Sunday.  After all the hype on this place I was a little put off by the actuality.  Upon walking in for lunch we were told to wait in line for 30min  where someone would assign us a table and eventually take our order.  It was a beautiful day out, we couldn't walk around the streets waiting for a table, no.  My pregnant wife and I had to stand for 30min on concrete floors waiting to place our order for mostly pre-made food.My wife order the "Best Chicken Sandwich" with an Asian Cucumber Salad (the special side of the day) and I got the "Picnic" with roasted sweet potato salad.  My wife ordered a latte and I had a bottled beer (nothing on tap) and an iced tea.  Since both sandwiches were labeled as gluten free (as were many of the sandwiches - why have that be the main bread option) and knowing that gluten-free bread isn't really bread we asked about other options.I was told they had other options but was only given the gluten-free bread, bun or wheat bread.  I chose the bun, my wife's sandwich came with the bun (which I suppose means that the bun is GF also).  Although the line was huge the tables were about half empty.  We were still wedged in a main walk area right next to another couple with many tables open that were more out of the way.The iced tea was empty when I went to fill my glass, when it was finally filled it was very weak (which is ok with me).  My wife's coffee (she is a Starbucks regular) was bitter, overly strong, and didn't have enough milk.Her chicken sandwich had a nice grill flavor but the bun was untoasted and dry.  The Asian cucumber salad was bland.  My cold, roasted sweet potato salad tasted like cold, day old, browned sweet potato.  There were dried cranberries (I think) in the salad but they didn't add much IMO.  The sandwich was overstuffed in the center and fell to pieces immediately.  It wasn't served on the bun I requested, only the regular bread which had a stale texture and was untoasted.  The sandwich was impossible to eat without a knife and a fork (or going caveman).  The turkey was good, but IMO there was too much blue cheese and not enough green apple.  the sandwich was also poorly constructed with a giant wad of "stuff" in the middle that tapered to the edges pushing all everything out when gripped. The toasted pecans immediately fell out.  Is it really that hard to construct a sandwich?The place reminds me a lot of Joe's Farm Grill.  A lot of ingredients that impress people when listed (arugula, brie, aioli, ect)  and promises of freshness that aren't delivered on, but still impress the customers.  If you decide to try this place during peak hours wear comfortable shoes.
5	service was great here, line is definitely worth the wait. We came in with friends and tried weekend specials, can I just say.. to die for!!
4	All and All it is a very good breakfast and lunch spot.  Simple and no frills, just fresh ingredients.  Normally I love their bloody mary but this last visit was a little off, I hope they haven't changed their recipe.  I would recommend you get there EARLY because I line tends to form rather quickly.
5	Hands down can not get enough! Atmosphere, food, employees, and location! one word BOMB!!!
5	I have been going here for a few years and I have never been let down yet. If it's not the food it's the amazing staff making you feel right at home. If you are in Gilbert don't pass this place up you will regret it.
5	An incredibly unique concept. Fantastic food .great service . A must do if you are in Gilbert.
5	Definitely one of our family favorites. We've been coming here for years and it never disappoints. Today I had the Philly cheese steak burger - that's right...the perfect fusion of a Philly Cheese steak with a juicy, perfectly cooked burger. We all split the Bread pudding for dessert - simply amazing. And don't forget a cortado  for the perfect caffeinated beverage.
5	I love love love liberty market!! A must place to go! The food is amazing and the staff is so friendly! The coffee is absolutely great I suggest getting the cortado!! Never a disappointment at liberty market!
5	There is nothing not to like about this place (except that maybe the line is too long because the food is so amazing!) I love the efficient way this place is operated. The coffee is exceptional as well.
5	This was our first time at Liberty Market. The outside seating looks comfortable and quaint. Grab a menu and put in your order at the cashier. The trouble is going to be picking what delicious item to devour. Today we tried the chicken salad sandwich and lump crab cakes.  Both were delicious !! My husband enjoyed the hot tea service of ginger peach tea. The staff is very efficient and helpful. We waited about 5 min and our food was delivered to our table. No problems recommending this place to anyone who wants great food and eclectic surroundings.
3	This place is adorable!  You can order coffees to go and take out orders or you can eat there.
5	Pizza was great! Ingredients fresh and crust was nice and chewy! . Salad was fresh!  Beer was cold!  Everything we were looking for in a late lunch!
3	I liked my chicken pasta. But for $15, I expected a bigger portion. It seemed like more of a lunch sized portion than a dinner portion.
5	I have been to Liberty Market for breakfast and a couple times for lunch and have always loved their food.  We finally went for dinner and it was the best meal we've had in a long time!  Everything is made fresh here, including all the desserts.  They also have the best gluten free bun and they have been regularly putting out a gluten free or vegan dessert.  They have great weekly specials and this is a great restaurant anytime!!
2	The entrance was confusing and no one was directing us where to go so the instant I walked into the joint I felt like a bozo.  We finally get instructed that we pull a menu while standing in line and tell the person on the other side what we want.  All the desserts stare at you through the glass looking yummy (it's all carbs and sugar so I really don't like to start my day with a giant cinnamon bun).  The coffee is just okay, and I drink it black, so I tend to recognize when I have a tasty coffee in my cup. My husband ordered the flattened meatball and it was NO GOOD. Don't order the flattened meatball. My plate was just the plain and easy American standard. It was just all okay. Biscuits breakfast is yummy. Go there.
3	We just keep coming back! Great food and wonderful atmosphere! It may sound really weird, but the bathrooms are really awesome. The one down side is that the service is kind of iffy sometimes. The last time we were there for dinner, the busser dropped a plate down my back, thankfully the person had licked their plate clean...I wasn't mad because I've been in his shoes, but I found it strange that no one touched our table after that or made an effort to make sure I wasn't an angry patron. The other thing is that their service flow is kind of strange, once you pay at the front, you find the table they have reserved for you which is nice, but if you want more of a beverage, glass of wine etc. You have to open a new bill...Otherwise the location is really awesome and I have enjoyed every single food item so far!!
5	Downtown Gilbert has become a dining delight, and Liberty Market is part of the reason why. With Postino East and Joy Ride being added to the Liberty Market and Joe's BBQ mix, along with others, there are a lotof great choices, and Liberty is still King of the Hill. Try the burger of the week, whatever it is. Or if it seems too strange, the Tower burger never disappoints. Salads are fantastic, fish (changes with market) has been excellent every time we have tried it, and the pasta dishes are terrific. Save room for a dessert, even if you have to share. We wish they still had the original bread pudding, but we've managed to find wonderful substitutes. BTW, breakfast here is equally delightful. And what holds the whole thing together is the consistently excellent staff. Friendly, knowledgeable, genuinely glad to see you and to serve you, and happy to help make your dining experience a great one. (I'd name names, but Liz might be embarrassed so I'll leave that alone.)
4	Although there always seems to be a long line, the food at Liberty Market is well worth it. I have visited a few times and each time I have not been disappointed. Their prices are a bit high, but the food is delicious and service so far has been great!
5	AMAZING no matter what you eat or drink at what time of the day.  FANTASTIC!
4	Really cool vibe and excellent food. Very noisy when busy but we have 2 small kids so we appreciate that. Everyone in our party really enjoyed their food but the star of the table was the apricots chicken my Dad got. Sauce was amazing.... so good in fact that my step mom emailed them for the recipe when she was back home in NC and to her surprise they sent it to her.The desserts we got Togo were not as good as they looked but huge portions for price.I look forward to going back soon.
5	WITHOUT QUESTION a five star eatery.  We came Sunday evening for dinner & enjoyed eating on the patio. Order, sit down & food is brought out to you, very casual. Deli type selection with burgers & pizzas.  We tried the Tower Burger, 1/2 lb & comes w/pineapple chutney, Excellent!  Plus the Caprese Sandwich, a big serving, served on a very crispy delicious bread.Also had the sweet potato salad w/cranberries & pecans was delish! Fruit Salad & Caprese Pasta Salad was delightful as well.Finished our meal off with an Oatmeal Cream Pie & Berry Lemon Bar... OCP cookies were so moist and soft. The BLB was tangy!Staff is very friendly & happy.MUST TRY!!!
4	I love eating in down town Gilbert because it is so cute and Liberty Market is no exception. The line to order can be daunting, especially during the lunch rush but the food is definitely worth it.  My bf and I split the special, it was a pizza with prosciutto, figs and fresh mint and it was AMAZING. We also had the lump crab cake- which was delicious, but a bit small, perfect since we split the pizza but it would not suffice alone as a meal. We then had the "pie of the day" for dessert which was a raspberry cream pie/cheese cake thing and was lovely
5	Love this place! And if it's your birthday, they will give you $10 off your meal-show them your ID and enjoy the gift!There can be a long line, but it's worth it. They'll save a table for you, which is nice too. Wile you're waiting in line you can peruse the menu,  watch them prepare the wood fired pizzas, see the cold case side items, and drool over the desserts. You'll order at the front, get a number and they'll deliver your meal to your table. Best meal ever in Two words- white pizza. Seriously! If you haven't tried it, DO! you'll thank me! The manager comped it to me one time years ago, and I've been hooked ever since. My friend calls it her "last rites" meal- and I completely agree. It'd be the meal I request on my death bed! It's THAT good! Smokey, rich and so other-worldly good! I dream of that pizza!The carrot cake is a nice dessert-my annual bday splurge. Yummy and celebratory for sure!!They don't have kids meals per se, but have grilled cheese and burgers that can easily be split for the kids. Breakfast is pretty tasty too, but seriously, when that white pizza is around, what else could I choose?Love it here, and can't wait for our next visit. May need to go tonight...
5	I love the charm of downtown Gilbert and am a huge fan of Liberty Market.  I think most people have eaten here but if you have not, definitely give it a try!  As a vegetarian, I appreciate the fact that I can choose from more than one item on the menu to satisfy my eating choices.  We celebrated my birthday over lunch at Liberty Market last year and it was so fun!  Definitely on my happy list!
5	I can't review the basic food but we got our wedding cake from there and they have the best red velvet cake EVER!  The frosting is so good and not over powering like some cream cheese frostings can be. Can't wait to visit again so I can try the other food.
5	Whether it's breakfast lunch or dinner, this is the best place to eat in Gilbert. Hands down.
5	Great place! I love to do business meetings here. Delicious coffee, rich food, and hipster service. It has a really nice vibe.
4	Today, on Day 1 in 107 degree "my face is on fire" Phoenix, also marked my first experience at Liberty Market. Here are all things worth noting, for those of you taking notes. (For those of you not taking notes, I can just text you):1) The ordering system is similar to a Corner Bakery, in that, you pay first then take a number, then they bring food to your table. What is nice/different, though, is that you get a hard menu to hold in line, instead of having to look up at a board behind the counter. This allows The Indecisive some intimate time alone to analyze and dissect each and every option without the board making their glances feel like they've overstayed their welcome.2) It's a better value than Panera, who's been sneaking up their prices and making my wallet whine. Places like Liberty Market are fighting back, so one day our kids will say, "Panwhera?" #forced3) I ordered the Farmer sandwich and a side of Hummus. It should be in the Constitution that hummus should always be served with soft bread, never hard toasty toast. (Note for next time, folks, especially if you want it changed to "Life, Liberty MARKET, and the Pursuit of Happiness"). The Farmer sandwich was not as hot as it could've been, probably because of the waiter's poor pickup timing from the kitchen.......but how long could I stay mad at the waiter when, 4) he gave me free coffee? Or maybe he just gifted the coffee because I looked like I had to poop and he was just trying to push me over the edge...5) They REALLY won my heart, though, by playing my favorite Oasis song, "Don't Look Back in Anger." It was as if they were spoonfeeding me through my ears.
5	From the service down to the food, this place has NEVER failed me. Every single time I have been here and brought new people with me, we all leave incredibly impressed and full might I add. I discovered this place a while ago and while I live in Central Phoenix (a good 35 mile drive) I still venture out AT LEAST once a month for a taste of the delicious freshly prepared food! The entire staff is friendly and helpful, making you feel at home and welcome. The food is always incredible and big enough portions to share. A few of my own suggestions on "must haves"salt river bar- omg amazinggriddled bread pudding- deliciousveggie scramble- I add chicken because I am not a vegatrian but the goat cheese and combo of everything is simply to die forFor lunch try the rancher, amazing!
5	Breakfast before golf on a 100 degree day.  Started with the honeybun it was well spectacular.  Big enough to feed a small army.   I did order the insulin shooter with it thankfully.  Now one of my favorite foods are nachos. ..I ordered the chica...ok I have no idea how to spell it.  Basically it was breakfast nachos with chorizo and two over easy eggs. ..HEAVEN.   Will be back.
5	The brunch here was like nothing I've ever had. My friends and I went on a Sunday morning and everyone got something different and every single thing I tried was WONDERFUL. At one point, I decided that this is what they must eat in Heaven because it was THAT good.I had your standard eggs, bacon, potatoes and biscuits&gravy. It was devine. Don't pass this place up.
4	i dislike the entire phoenix metro in general, but this place makes me forget that for a little while. good vegan options, great service, in a beautiful space, and i can have a whole french press pot of coffee to myself if i wish. add a mimosa and the vegan breakfast burrito and you're in business.
3	The food is fresh and tasty. However, I had so many disappointments today that I will not be returning in the near future. In the lunch menu, most items are based on bread or pasta, about which I was disappointed. I would expect from such a nice restaurant that there would be more variety in the ingredients. My strong suggestion, to avoid standing in line, is to avoid Fridays through Sundays. We arrived on a Sunday at 12:30 PM, and waited in line, inside the restaurant, for an hour. One gives one's order at the register at end of the line before having a chance to sit down. While waiting in line, the staff stopped taking orders for at least 20 minutes without informing anyone in line. At the register, when I asked why no orders were taken, I was told that no tables had been open. However, during our wait, most of chairs at the shared tables were always available. My guess is that the restaurant was understaffed that day. When I asked if not taking orders was unusual, I was told that this is typical on Fridays through Sundays. The staff chose our table for us. We sat in hard chairs next to three empty booths with cushioned seats. So, perhaps this is not the restaurant to choose for entertaining your elders. The dessert items in the cases, although mostly bready, appeared delicious, but there are no prices listed. I didn't want to hold up the line further by asking about prices. There was an extra charge on my receipt for gluten free bread which was not listed on the menu nor mentioned when I placed my order. In case this is a concern for you, the bathrooms stalls, bathroom sinks, and bathroom mirrors are shared by both genders. Unfortunately, for the first stall into which I walked, the previous occupant apparently had been unable to 'hit the target'. I did not feel comfortable enough in front of the mirrors to reapply makeup. Finally, although not technically the fault of the restaurant, the patrons in line ahead of us and others allowed a total of a dozen friends/family into the line with them, over our first 15 minutes of waiting. One of these individuals was also on the phone asking if she should stand in line at the restaurant across the street to see where they could get into first. I assume these groups were from out of town. Most people who live in Gilbert know better than to be so rude.
4	Liberty is soooo good. The only thing I don't understand is you have to order and pay at the counter but then there is a server if you need another drink or something. Maybe they should have a full service section for people like myself who like to order tons of stuff without having to keep getting up?
4	Fantastic food! Cool vibe and decor. The wait time in the middle of lunch time was a little long so don't go if you're in a hurry (or perhaps call ahead). I had the Italia salad and it was delicious! If I ever come back to Gilbert, I'll be stopping by Liberty Market!
5	Burger of the week is the green Chiles. It was amazing!  Takes me back to visiting new Mexico where all my family is. Love it!
5	This is by far the best place to eat.. Great staff and great food!! Always feel welcomed there. :) Highly recommended it to everyone..
4	i love liberty market.i do not love lines but i will gladly stand in one for one of their fantastic desserts.  they have an amazing red velvet cake & cheesecake in a jar.  YUMM.  quality.  the decor is modern.  the kind of restaurant that you wish your house looked like if you were a little hipster baby.  does that make sense?  four stars because it can get super packed & the wait takes soo long.  or it feels like a long time.  sometimes it's discouraging enough to give up all together & seek refuge at postinos or dare i say it... oreganos.still.  i love this little spot & i definitely recommend it.
4	I consider myself fortune to live close enough to Liberty Market that I can visit often. In fact, I've been having breakfast here once a week for almost year. It's a fabulous ritual in my life.This place is just what they say, an unpretentious bistro. The food is amazing made with high quality ingredients that takes a flavor twist on traditional.My favorite breakfast is the demi that I order with a pancake (usually with a seasonal option), 2 scrambled eggs and a sausage link. Add to that a great house cup of coffee and I'm in heaven. I sometimes order the cordatito from the E-61 coffee bar. it's a few sips of heaven if you love spicy coffee.I often stop by for either the burger or pizza of the week for lunch. They are always delicious and sometimes they are intoxicating. My favorite burger is the dragon burger, which adds barbecue and slaw with an asian sauce. I do a little dance when I see it is back on the menu for the week.If you love scones, you need to try their blueberry scone. And try any of their desserts. Oh, and don't forget to try the sweet potato salad--it's amazing, too. In fact, I'm sure that anything you order will be amazing. So what are you waiting for? Get yourself to Liberty Market.
5	I really loved this place and ate my dinner like it was going out of style. The beer was good and the food had excellent flavor. We had a great time eating with friends on the patio and my daughter loved watching the chefs through the huge kitchen windows.
5	I am so lucky to have a yummy and cute restaurant like Liberty Market in my neighborhood. I have been there quiet a few times and they never disappoint. The food is always wonderful and the service is too. The guy that works the coffee bar is so great, helpful and makes awesome almond milk lattes. Anytime we have people visiting or someone new in town we take them over to Liberty Market. It's just one of those places everyone should try!
5	Liberty Market is my favorite place to get brunch in the area. I've had a handful of items off the menu, but, by far, my favorite two items are the  french toast and the breakfast burrito. First, the french toast. They have a different take on it so it is actually bread pudding. It's moist, sweet without being too sweet, and def some of the best french toast I've ever had. It's pretty much FLAWLESS. Next, the breakfast burrito. I'm usually not a huge fan of breakfast burritos, but this baby is def a winner. The sauces on top are far from bland and are what make the burrito so good. Of course the meat and potatoes inside add a lot, but the sauce is what truly makes it so spectacular. I've had a couple of other items off the menu such as the sandwiches (breakfast and lunch), pizza, and red velvet cake, but none are to rave about. However, if I was going to add another item to my meal, it'd be the cinnamon bun. Beware, it's quite large and only tastes good while warm.
5	We live right around the corner and this is our go-to dinner place when we want a variety. My husband and I have different tastes and Liberty satisfies both of us. I love the salmon BLT with avocado. The hummus is tasty. Their ice cream cookies are a great way to end it if you still have room. Staff is always friendly and helpful. I always try to take new people to introduce them to this great place!
5	I loved so many menu items at this place It was hard to decide what to get. But I settled on the crab po boy and it was delicious. Two crabcakes on perfectly toasted bread with a delicious sauce. Im not a fan of cilantro but it just worked. I enjoyed this sandwich so much. The atmosphere here was pretty cool. Theres a separate bar area, too. This place is one of my faves for sure.
5	Charming atmosphere, great food. Never been disappointed with anything I've ordered. We usually hit it up for lunch/brunch, but ventured in for dinner tonight. The halibut with cauliflower was amazing! I don't know how they made cauliflower taste so good, but I will certainly be back for more!
5	The food is great. Came out perfectly. They have big comfortable booths. We had sandwiches & salads. Great time with friends!
2	Maybe I just had a bad experience. I split two dishes the salmon plate and the white pizza. The pizza had a lot of crust and very little everything. The pizza in the picture on here looks much better than the pizza I received. The salmon plate was good, nothing special. Definitely wouldn't get either again. I also tried the thick pizza my mom got... It looked old and tasted that way too. I have no reason to go back except to give them another shot. They have a pretty good rating so maybe I just had a bad experience. The salt chocolate bar was good, weird and different but good. Wouldn't get it again but good to try once. Also tried the icecream cookie. That is the only thing here I would recommend.
5	We found this place while walking to The Farmhouse for breakfast and decided to try it. It was really good. We both liked the food, the service and the atmosphere. Much better than The Farmhouse! Will definitely come back another time :)
4	Great customer service and atmosphere!
4	My friends brought me here for my birthday last week, since they offer $10 towards the birthday person's meal. It's actually a good deal, since most items range between $10-$15.I got the pizza of the week, which was a Sriracha pizza. I can honestly say it was one of the best pizzas I've had in a LONG time. The crust was perfect. Cheesy, spicy, covered in pepperoni and bacon, I inhaled the entire pie. If it's ever on the menu again, get it! Seriously. You'll thank me later.My friends got the chicken pasta, and were practically licking the plates. Another friend got the salmon and orzo, and I'm pretty sure he DID lick the plate. My partner got the BLT, and was raving. Thick pieces of bacon, fresh, crisp veggies, good bread. There were some great looking desserts that I'd love to go back and try one of these days. I'm definitely planning on a second visit some time soon. There were enough items on the menu that piqued my interest to warrant going back, and I'm a huge fan of good, wood fired pizza.
2	I have been to Liberty Market a few times. I truly don't understand the hype. I had a salad and couldn't finish it. The desserts are not that special either. I do have to say the coffee is the only good thing going for this restaurant.
5	I love this place! Those who know me know that there's nothing I like more than a tasty breakfast (most important meal of the day, duh!) I like the design and vibe of this place not to mention the food is to die for! I love their breakfast burritos and sweet potato muffins (so good!) I don't really have anything bad to say about this place. It's one of those (similar to Sauce) where you order in line and then they bring it out to you. Overall, I love this place!
1	I also don't understand the hype, and the seating arrangement is ridiculous.  We waited in line for over 1/2 hour JUST TO PLACE OUR ORDER because they couldn't figure out how to seat the part of six ahead of us.  We were only a party of three for heavens sake, why make us wait?  Terribly managed, just ok food.  I would have had better food faster at the food trucks.  Won't return.
5	Thank you for listening and adding GF and Veg items, now everyone in the family can enjoy BFast:)
4	The Liberty Market is a fun place to go. There is no table service but the food is good, selection is fantastic and the staff is eager to please. They have a couple decent vegetarian options and the ambiance is fresh and clean. I dig it and will be back...
5	Love coming here - I've never had anything bad, ever. And just discovered that there are journals by the bar to peruse and write in. How cool is that? Today - Hawaiian pizza with lemon berry bar. Super tasty. I'd take a picture but I ate it too fast!
5	I hadn't been back to Liberty Market for quite some time, but every time I'd drive down Gilbert Rd with my friend, I'd point it out and say - UGH! We still need to go there!!  I happened to be off from work one day and we were both up early.  And hungry.  I suggested we go somewhere for breakfast.  Being from California, I remember cinnamon rolls were a big deal, and they seem all that impressive anywhere I've been in AZ.  I did some searches on Yelp and then I just switched it to breakfast, and Liberty Market popped up!  OH SNAP!  The place was busy enough with a long line, but nothing obnoxious and definitely worth the 9 minutes we were in line.  He ordered the breakfast sandwich, I the breakfast quesadilla with chicken, a pitcher of sangria, and a piece of carrot cake to go.  It wasn't cheap.  Tip and all it came out to sixty bucks, but the sangria itself was about 25 - be ready to drop some coin, but don't worry, the place will earn it fa sho!  There was one particular employee who I think was a manager that was better suited for a non customer contact position, like data processing - or worker at DMV.  We didn't let her spoil the morning.  I may have mentioned it on FourSquare and Twitter, but made it clear we were LOVING the experience.  They tweeted back before we even left saying thanks for coming in!  The portions were plenty.  Especially my quesadilla.  It was SO big and SO full I chose to take the other half home so I could tear into it while no one was watching at home. HA!  The carrot cake...  how my hunt went from cinnamon rolls to ending up with a carrot cake, I don't know, but aw lawd it was to die for!  If anything of the desserts or salads on display at Liberty Market are from Cisco, I'd be shocked.  Oh, except for the mixed fruit salad... that looked like it was straight out of a can of Dole.  I can't wait for our next visit.  We left satisfied, not STUFFED, and the whole experience, and sangria, put us in a great mood for the rest of the day.  I recommend this place for coworkers, friends, or even for a fun date before heading to a movie or Golf Land.
3	Gosh, I wanted to try this place so bad and had such high expectations! Was a little let down. I get real excited when it comes to breakfast, but Liberty Market just didn't do it for me.One thing I did like what the atmosphere of this place, it is pretty cool. The service was fine as well. I ordered eggs with fruit and toast and it was okay. Not awesome, not bad. My boyfriend felt the same way about his food as well.Another thing I liked about this place is that they have all their treats and goodies on display. It is torture, I wanted one of everything. I could not pass up a sweet potato muffin so I went for that. It was excellent! Had a great flavor to it.I would come back, maybe for a different meal. Definitely for more baked goods, because that was the best part about Liberty Market for me.
5	Liberty Market is great. Like all the restaurants in the Joe chain, it is fun and unique in decor. It's neat to stand in line and watch the oven where the pizza's are made. They also have a wide variety of options here, one would be hard pressed to find something they did not fancy.The place is typically packed so be prepared to wait and be in close contact with others.
5	Man!!!!! Just talking about the pizza makes me want to have one right now! And the beers they have that goes with the burgers and pizzas are awesome. The coffee, Damn... forget about Starbucks! This is the real deal. Its a must go place
5	The white pizza is amazing!  Also had the cuban sandwich once and it was outstanding.  Love the beet salad too.  I could go on.  Everything we have tried has been very, very good.
5	I love this place.  Every time I go here I love what I order.  I love the salmon BLT. Great atmosphere, and reasonably priced.  One of our favorite spots to eat out.
5	If you grew up in Gilbert or a small town, this restaurant will bring back some nostalgic memories. Especially with the scent of cedar burning from Joe's BBQ from across the street.  I love this place, and I love the Maiden Lane sandwich even more,  but it's not on the dinner menu.  It's a  gourmet turkey sandwich and I usually get it on pressed bread. It comes with brie, red cabbage slaw, cranberry, & horseradish aioli. I also get it with a side of Roasted Sweet Potato Salad its INCREDIBLE and has a smokey-sweet-spice flavor to it.  They have endless fountain drink refills and a coffee bar with a variety of stong coffees & espresso.  They have a row of about 6 fully enclosed unixes bathrooms and a long sink area for everyone to wash their hands....it's a little corky. They also have patio seating - the last time I was there  (July 2014) they did not have misters but they do have heaters.   This place is not open late but they do serve alcohol.
5	What an absolutely amazing place for breakfast!  We were a party of seven and expected a long wait for seating.  Not so. So many good items on the menu it's hard to decide.  The only drawback is that bakery case full of tempting sweets..huge cinnamon rolls,  sticky buns, cookies.  Makes you want to change yOur mind and order everything!  Go. Eat. Enjoy.
5	Ok first off, this place gets rocked! Sunday afternoon the line is almost out the door and it's a long line on the inside. You will wait but I assure you that it will be worth it! Checked yelp for some places near the San Tan shopping area and this place came up. We really don't like trying new places because we are disappointed more often than not. So we get to the area and thought parking was going to be bad. But we easily found a space back off the road past the water tower and walked to the restaurant. Then whoa! Huge line! But the woman in front of us said we will love it. We waited about 20 minutes and that gave us time to look over the menu. So my wife ordered a caesar salad and a slice of Sicilian and I ordered the meatball pressed with potato salad and both meals were phenomenal. I can not remember the last time I was so impressed with the food at a place. You have to go here and try it out!
5	This place is unbelievable,  we had salads that were excellent, the burgers and pizza looked amazing.  Worth the drive from Tucson.  My fave phx place!
3	Great service and fast. I love the potatoes.  The smashed meatballs are fantastic try them for sure. The biscuits were home made but a little dry and they need a little more flavor in the grave.  All in all we have been before and will go back but they need to tighten up the food was better last time we were there.
5	Awesome food, great staff! vegan and veg friendly. One of the best places to grab a bite in old town Gilbert.
3	I places an order for the ranch roast beef, took one bite and literally spit it out! The redeeming factor was the waitress noticed and not only replaced my meal but gave me a gift card for the future. I must say customer service was amazing but not enough to keep me as I found the food disgusting on more than one occasion and over priced.
1	Slowest. Service. Ever. The high school girl at the counter (8/16/14) didn't know how to take an order and move people, and the seating host stood around chit-chatting as the line was to the door.To make matters worse, they then ask for a tip after making you wait in line just to order.If they're going to do a cafeteria style restaurant they should have cafeteria style prices and not expect a tip from someone who just waited in like for 20-30 minutes. Fortunately the food and coffee were good, but I'm not sure if it's worth the hassle.
2	So I too had great expectations for this place and was very disappointed. The ordering system is weird, the wait time was too long, and the food was just not that great.  I ordered the white pizza and it had no taste at all. My husband ordered the supreme pizza and it was actually decent. That's why I gave this place two stars.  It was too expensive for what we got and we won't be back.
5	THE BEST PIZZA ANYWHERE !!! The owners are incredibly nice and put a lot of effort and pride in their business.
4	The wait was only fifteen minutes to be seated early Friday dinner time. The acoustics are awful forcing everybody to speak very loudly. That being said, we all thoroughly enjoyed our food. The salmon BLT was tasty. The atmosphere was fun. We will return.
4	This is my go-to place when guests are in town. It has always gotten great reviews from us and the prices are just right for what you get. Good service, fresh food, and a fun place to be in downtown Gilbert.
5	Food is pretty good. Sandwich burger breakfast and yummy baked goods.Service is fantastic. Seriously everyone is so friendly and helpful. Also very cheerful as well :). Patio is nice when it's cooler .  Great pastrie selection and one of the guy who brought yummy macaron said " here's your camaroons!" Hahha it was so cute :pLatte has good strong flavor will be returning a lot :)
5	I am a foodie and I eat out every day. 5 stars is deserved for this place. Loved it!  1 star for parking (seems to be in a small downtown area)1 star for the ordering (since it was my first time, I stood in the entry for a few minutes waiting for a host with a menu in hand)3 stars for pricing ( $25 for a lunch --soup & salad combo, 2 smallest sides & 2 desserts) 5 stars for ambiance 5 stars for quality of food5 stars for taste of food I tried the farmers salad (did not disappoint! ) And we were nervous about trying the sweet potato muffin, it was great!!)4 stars for portion sizes (the small sides were about 1/2 cup to a cup )4 stars for service.Overall, I Absolutley loved this divey spot.
5	First off the ambiance and staff really help make this place top notch. When you are ready you place the order and then are seated if it is busy they give you an number and assign you a table it is very convenient so there is no confusion on where to sit. I have eaten here a few times and have ordered breakfast, lunch and dinner at one time or another they have never let me down. They always have amazing weekend specials that are well thought out and executed by the chef.  If you like coffee or love coffee like me you have to visit the coffee bar for anyone of the drinks. We will definitely  be going back on a more regularly basis. Oh and I cant believe I almost forgot to bring up the sweets and pastries they are the best I have ever had and once again the pastry chef has specials that are out of this world...
4	If you're looking for a great place in downtown Gilbert look no further.   One of my favorites for breakfast or lunch.  Great quality and excellent ambiance.  Has a very local contemporary feel.  I love supporting local businesses and this place is at the top of my list.   Same family that owns Joes BBQ and Joes Farmhouse so you know they don't slack on anything.  Even if your not that hungry the coffee bar is excellent.  You can't go wrong and let me know when you go so I can join you!!!  Enjoy!!
3	The food was good. Tasted fresh. Had the "best chicken" sandwich; so it was good, buuuut they smoother it in the avocado dressing and the vinaigrette so you look like a slob eating no matter how you attack it. The things I didn't like: 1.) the freaking wait in line and then for the food! DO NOT GO HERE if you need food in your belly right away! 2) it's so gotdayum loud that you cannot hold a conversation without the people that are 7 inches away from you, which leads me to...3) I hate sitting so damn close to complete strangers especially the group that was here tonight. Uppity, better than you attitude. Everyone was visited by the chef or some sever EXCEPT US! The only time we were visited was 20 minutes AFTER I put my napkin over my food in hopes some employee would get that I needed them(there was no way I was going to leave that pricey of a meal to be tossed). The experience really made me not a fan--eh
4	I love, love, love this place. My favs: cortada (espresso drink), picnic salad or sandwich (both are great), maiden lane sandwich with extra horseradish aioli, and the sweet potato salad. My only complaints: BEING BACK CUPCAKES!!!!!!!!!!! Especially the lemon ones. Also... they need a kids menu. I hate spending around $12 so my six year old can eat a burger.
4	Great ambiance! Would definitely return to try something else. We tried the chilaquiles (which was not that good) and the Breakfast Burrito (ok I guess)... but the nearby plates of sandwiches and regular breakfast options looked amazing so will be going back for more when on town.
5	The amount of items on the menu is fantastic! The food is to die for. There are many gluten free items to pick from but my favorite is their chicken sandwich. I love the buns they serve it on. Seriously. There aren't many places that serve delicious gluten free bread. It doesn't taste gluten free at all. Everything looks and tastes so fresh. Love the decor! It can get really busy but the system they have in place to seat people works wonderfully. Service is great, food is great....the whole place is great!
5	Hard to go wrong with anything you order here. The line can get long during peak times, but don't stray because it goes very fast and is worth the wait. They recently changed their iced tea section and it is sooooo much better now. The pressed farmer sandwich is outstanding as a vegetarian option, and the burger of the week always packs a ton of flavor and variety. If you like coffee, try the cortadito. It is simply delicious and the presentation makes you feel like you are at a quaint Cuban cafe. The desserts are to die for, especially the huge cinnamon rolls. The rice pudding is technically considered a "side dish" but it could definitely double as a dessert. Make a trip to the bathroom to see the unique decor. One bathroom even has recipes written all over the walls in the most tasteful way you could imagine. I am a detail oriented person and Liberty market has so many quirky details that I love discovering! The parking can be a pain sometimes with all of the recent development in downtown Gilbert, but there is a new garage going up and a little stroll along the historic area isn't so bad. I take all our out of town guests here to eat, you should too!
4	Thanks guys for recommending cortadito, I truly loved it too! The best coffee ever.. The presentation is cool! Like it much...
4	We went to Liberty Market today and the food and experience was wonderful!   The staff was all very friendly and went out of their way to make sure we had good service.  We ordered two pizzas, a sandwich and a couple side salads.  Everything was delicious and fresh!  We actually took to the food to go and ate outside by the water fountains and grass.  It was a perfect way for our family of 5 to spend a Sunday!
5	We love Liberty! Cool atmosphere, great food , exceptional coffees. We frequent regularly and it's always consistent.
3	This place can be summed up as being "ok" - came on a week day afternoon and it was completely packed out. There was no seating inside and we had to table stalk to find a seat before our food came. Another bummer is the lack of selection. I had a cheeseburger which was average, my husband'a sandwich came out wrong (but it was good even after we scrapped off what he didn't want) and our kiddos didn't even eat their food. On the up side their pastries are tasty! Another plus was that the staff is super friendly and were helpful in helping us get a table. Would we come back? We would give this place a try if we were back in this area of the Valley but we wouldn't drive over here. Maybe we will try dinner next time!
4	I would have given 5 stars if not for the wait. ..waiting ...waiting. ...so i hate waiting. I really really like the food and the pastry is amazing.  But alas i wont be here again due to the wait.  The sweet potato muffin was seriously to die for...but the wait geeze.
5	Food is amazing everytime! Service is always great! Prices are higher than I usually like to spend for lunch but worth it!
3	I showed up after the lunch rush about 1 o'clock in the afternoon on Thursday, and immediately went to the coffee bar and orders a cappuccino. It came promptly,  it was very good. A+After sitting there drinking my coffee and doing some work on my laptop, I decided to order something to eat. I have to say, the service there isn't great. There was 1 person  in line, and after she rang up the person in front of me, I had to wait 2 minutes before the lady looked up at me. I think she was busy folding napkins. She seemed totally confused and didn't get my order right. When she brought me my hamburger, she didn't offer me any utensils, or a napkin, or salt-and-pepper, or any condiments. I had to walk up to the bar to ask her for that. Also in addition, I asked three separate times for a to go container. I never received it, finally walking out. I eat out 7 to 10 times a week, and quite frankly that was the nicest but most incompetent service I  have received in a very long timeAt  $14, the burger with avocado wasn't great. I asked for the bacon, but never received the bacon. Still, the ambience is great, the pastries and baked goods look amazing!. I would come back just for the coffee, Internet  and maybe a scone or something like that. Also even though the service was poor, all of the ladies there were extremely nice.
4	Such a fun atmosphere! I love the concept of ordering your food, paying for it, and then having it brought to your table! The food was amazing and it was hard nailing down one thing to get! I got the tower burger - amazing (added cado and bacon - duh).  I highly recommend the whipped sweet potatoes - to die for!! Top it off with their ice cream cookie! It's the size of your face:)
5	We as a family go out to eat about once a week. We were looking for a place to go and our friend suggested this place as one of his favorite places, so we went there. We got there early on a Friday night so the line wasn't that bad. We placed our order and my husband(being on a special diet) had a tough time making his selection. After a while of struggling to find something, a chef came over and helped him make a selection that would work for his diet. My 8 year old daughter also spied the deserts immediately and wanted to order one. Again, the staff was nice and friendly and arranged for the desert to be brought out after our food.    We sat outside since it was a lovely evening. The patio is really gorgeous. We waited a bit for our food but in the meantime we went into the bathrooms which are each unique in their own way. As an added bonus you can watch the kitchen from the patio and you get to walk past the kitchen when you go to the bathroom. After a while our food came out and the presentation was wonderful. My daughter had the margarita pizza which I figured she wouldn't eat all of it but she ended up devouring it all and declaring how good it tasted. I had the salmon BLT which didn't disappoint and my husband had the Cuban sandwich which he said has been by far the best thing he's eaten on his crazy diet. The spice tart cake that my daughter and I split was to die for! The little spice cakes were rich but not too rich and the cinnamon apples were perfectly cooked. We will be going back here for sure to try out more things on their menu.
5	My favorite place for Red Velvet Cake. They also have special burgers all the time. The atmosphere is really unique and I always leave full.
3	I kind of like the place overall but certain things just bug me.  We've been here a few times without our dogs and wait in the line, get the table, and wait.  The no waiter service thing sucks but it is what it is.  Ask for over medium eggs and only can get scrambled eggs because they prefer to serve a vat of scrambled eggs.  Ask to get something like fruit or whatever instead of the potatoes but you can't do that either.  We walk by with our dogs and the girls that work at Liberty tell us to bring our dogs on the patio, while I'm standing out front and waiting for a coffee to go.  We went today to the empty side patio and sat down while one of us ordered inside.  A guy in a red shirt and black hair comes out and tells us that this might not be our table and that we should basically stand in the middle of the sidewalk and wait, 5 people and 2 dogs.  Really, nobody is even out here.  If 5 tables worth of people show and your packed inside then we'll move.  So we kept sitting and waited for our food, a girl came out, offered water, we told her what we were doing and what the guy said, and she said not to worry about it.  So yes we ate - pudding bread, blueberry pancakes, eggs and bacon, biscuits and gravy, coffee drinks,and a mimosa.  The food was pretty good not great, which I feel is typical here.  The biscuits are very good and I've always liked their coffee.  I think other than grabbing a coffee we will steer clear of this place.  Farmhouse has better food, Bergie's has very good coffee, and BLD has good food and a great dog friendly patio.  That's plenty of options really.
5	This restaurant in downtown Gilbert is an amazing Place to visit. They are very accommodating with special requests and allergies.  My kids love eating here.  We have always had the nicest staff help us. I would recommend Liberty Market for breakfast, lunch or dinner. Always specials on the weekends that are to die for.
5	It doesn't require many words to say how impressed I am with this place... flawless food, delicious espresso, friendliest staff of anywhere I've ever been, and always consistent in what they do. Beautiful atmosphere and decor, wouldn't change a thing.
5	Since moving to AZ this summer, Liberty Market has consistently produced a stellar dining experience. The chilaquiles is the best I've had since moving here. We've gone to other restaurants for the same dish, but NOTHING compares to Liberty Market's version of chilaquiles. The griddled bread pudding was a great surprise as well. I'm not a big miffin person, but everyone raves about rhe sweet potato muffin. The service is great and the restaurant is squeaky clean. If you want breakfast on Saturday or Sunday, get there early before the crowd or you'll be standing in line, literally.
5	First time been to this place recommended by my sister. We ordered an Antipasto Plate, Mocha cream bread pudding, lavender orange macarom and a CaPhe. The food and dessert taste excellent and come in nice presentation. Drinks, especially the coffees are in such tiny portion. Nice inside atmosphere with enclosed outdoor patio.
5	Went to this restaurant with my daughter and kids who just moved to Gilbert.  We shared food so we could taste a lot of it and it was all fabulous.  A little pricy but it was worth the cost.
4	My wife and I were in town for a wedding and needed a place for breakfast. We originally planned on going to The Farmhouse next door but the wait was out the door so we walked in to Liberty Market where the line was long but at least it was inside.  We were very happy with our experience. We were both super hungry  after waiting in line next to all of the fresh baked goods.  The sticky buns, cinnamon rolls, and sweet potato muffins were very inviting but we decided to wait and see what the situation was after we ate breakfast. I got the chilaquiles with chorizo. I was somewhat skeptical when ordering as I have been to places that basically put enchilada sauce on regular tortilla chips. These were the real deal!  The chorizo had that extra little kick of heat I look for in Mexican food. The cotijo cheese was a nice touch but my favorite part was the sunny side up eggs bringing it all together.My wife had the biscuits and gravy with an egg over the top. Of course I had a few bites and enjoyed it. The biscuits were hearty and the sausage in the gravy was plentiful. It had a great flavor and we enjoyed it but would have liked the temperature to be a bit hotter. This was the only downside of our whole experience and the only thing that kept us from a 5.Unfortunately we didn't have enough room for any of the goodies we saw while waiting in line, not even to go since we planned a couple of other grub sessions in the day.GO HERE!
5	Liberty Market can't be beat for fresh ingredients, wonderful flavor combinations and a fun atmosphere.
5	Some of my favorites here: white pizza, BLT (with FENNEL!!!) caprese salad, and of course the salt river bar.  I love this place!
4	Great food and a funky vibe. It's always crowded. I wish they took your order at your table, but the long line to order is worth the wait. Their patio is pet friendly which is awesome! If you go you have to try their homemade ice cream sandwich! Oh and their blueberry pancakes :-)
4	If you are anywhere near Downtown Gilbert, you need to go here. Hubby and I went for a breakfast date and were impressed with the industrial/modern decor. The service was friendly. The seating area is so nice.... They have purse hooks at the bars! Anyways I got the Demi breakfast and a chai latte. Dan got a scone and French press. Demi breakfast chocolate chip pancake 5/5 stars! Love love love it!Eggs and sausage were good but not amazing. Solid food. The scone was surprisingly light and fluffy! Get it if you want a light bfast. Now the coffee...... French press coffee was so good I barely added cream and sugar. Praise God for good coffee! The chai was alright. I like it spicier though. So overall a solid four stars! If have to eat here for lunch or dinner for it to be a five. But oh you bet we ll be back. Food 5/5Price 4/5 slight pricey but worth itAtmosphere 5/5
5	I go here all the time I absolutely love it everything on the menu is fantastic such a funky vibe, rustic, great coffee bar in the back. The bathrooms are my favorite part I know that sounds weird but each one is different, different music, different vibe different theme so creative
5	I had chef David's breakfast sandwich. It was amazing! Breakfast here was super delicious. I would recommend this place for  breakfast over any other place.
5	What a place! Absolutely loved the decor inside...especially those shopping carts. How creative of them. The line is long but that only speaks about how good their food and service is!The food is always consistent and finely prepared. I never get tired of what's on the menu. The weekend specials are where it's at. The service. Now this is where they shine: friendly, well-mannered, knowledgable people. Always know how to serve with a smile. Also, I really liked their selection of alcohol and their bottled cocktails...again how creative! Couldn't emphasize anymore how good this place is. Please try it out!
4	Great food, awesome service.  I only gave it four stars because of the typical Johnston dining experience, which includes cluttered drink stations, confusing lines, and a cluster of a mess trying to grab food and watch your table at the same time.Can these places just get a wait staff with servers, please??
3	For the most part, the atmosphere, food, service and location are up to snuff. I always enjoy the Picnic Salad but the grilled cheese sandwich was a major disappointment.
3	It is good- but not great!  I will go back, but have other favorites in the area that I love.  I have to be fair though, I have only tried a couple of the items.  I just don't like how you have to wait for a table when there are open tables out there.  I teetered between a 3 and a 4 star rating
1	OK food
5	Awesome! Great coffee and breakfast. Chilaquiles are fantastic. Service is top notch.
5	First time I'm for dinner (we frequent lunch) and they had a kids menu! I hope it a not just a dinner option because I will visit even more regularly if I don't have to spend over $10 for my 7 year old to eat! Also, Goats du Rhone white wine blend is delish... Definitely recommend!
5	Liberty Market is great. A nice spot in the middle of Old downtown Gilbert. Great atmosphere for family. I've been there with family members for breakfast and the chilaquiles with chorizo is the best I've had. Sweet potato muffins are amazing as well. Definitely my go to. I've been once for dinner but wasn't too impressed I'll stick with breakfast!
5	Yes, we go for birthdays ($10 food credit) and it's in a FUN location!
2	We went here for dinner around 6. It was kind of confusing where to go and how to order until I asked someone. I feel that all of these restaurants (Joe's BBQ, Joe's Farm grill and here) are a little unorganized until you get the hand of it. We waited in line for about 15-20 minutes.I had ordered their burger of the week which was a Philly cheese steak burger with the garlic smashed potatoes, and my husband ordered the 6 alarm burger with fries.The Cheese Steak Burger was very yummy, although it lacked the cheese steak flavor I was looking for. The potatoes were to die for!!!! I love some garlic mashed potatoes, but these were probably one of the best I've ever had.My husband love hot food. He is the guy you see adding hot sauce to everything!!! Well he said that this was almost too hot for him! He took his first few bites and his eyes went wide with delight, then after letting the heat settle in, he realized how hot it truly was. His fries were not that good. He had said he would rather have fast food fries. I tried them and I was disappointed as well. They were cold and didn't have much flavor to them.By the time we left we were both super full. We usually share a meal, but wanted to try  the things we wanted for our first time there. The one thing I will say is that we had to run to the bathroom when we got home.... Im not sure why, but the food didn't settle well. But boy did it taste good!!A day later, I'm regretting every delicious bite. My husband and I had been sick all day =(
5	Love this place new favorite. Went for my birthday and had some amazing chilaquiles with two eggs on top. For desert a huge cinnamon roll that filled the plate. Yum
5	If you are in downtown Gilbert, this is a place to hit up. The food is good, the service is friendly, and the atmosphere is cool. There are so many options in downtown, so if you are confused, just go to Liberty. Liberty has so many options in one place.
3	I'd say 3.5 stars but it could easily be 4 just clean the fu**ing tables.The turkey burger was pretty good, it was the weekly special and a takeoff of the Bobby from Capriotti's, a turkey patty with cranberry sauce and stuffing. Chips were stale and discarded. I ordered a bowl of minestrone soup and it came out after the burger??!??Straighten out the service and hire a better busboy and I'd say easily 4 stars.
5	There is always one place I have to visit when I'm in AZ but now there is two. This place rocks! Every dish I saw was amazing and looked seriously yummy. Not one person in our party complained but cleaned their plates and had a happy smile. But the best thing about this place is the service. Dave the chef actually came by twice. Once to see how our food was and another to share his kale salad recipe with me. You have to eat here if you're a foodie. Or just like to eat. Seriously.
5	Amazing spot for lunch or dinner. The food is always great. The atmosphere is really nice as well. For the guys, usually some quality women there too.
4	Ordered The Tower Burger for my birthday, up to $10 value, just pay the difference if your food is greater than that.  Love the special sauces.  The burger was too big so I had to cut it in half.  It was super busy as well since it's on Thanksgiving weekend.  I didn't know I have to order first and get a seat so I was a bit confused there but good thing I was there with my friends and not by myself.  I live in North Scottsdale and it was worth the drive for me to drive all the way down to Downtown Gilbert.  Definitely coming back again soon.
4	New menu- great food! Yummy coffees. Great place for breakfast or lunch. Can be a bit crowded but I think that just shows how great the place is!
5	Amazing food, just loud and always packed. I would definitely recommend the food though! Yummy
3	Just as some others have mentioned, the food is pretty good. It is standard fare Americana with a slight Hipster lean.The thing I don't like about this place (and Joe's 2 other places) is the cattle call style ordering system. I don't know why but it makes me feel like they are saying: "We don't care enough about you to have real waitstaff. Get your own damn drink.
5	I am a long time customer and I love Liberty Market. The food is fresh and always taste great. Some of my favorites are the best chicken sandwich, their morning chilaquiles with chicken. The espresso drinks are good as well.
3	Just tried this place last week after hearing about how great it is. Let's start with the environment. It's definitely edgy and different. It fits in with all the other trendy/hipster hangouts in the area, but seems to do it better than the others. Still, it's kinda annoying that this place like all the rest feel like they are trying too hard to be progressive. The staff weren't really all that helpful unless you directly assert yourself. I tried the lunch crabcakes, thinking that at $15 they were the marquis item on the menu. Wrong. They were pretty boring, and I think this is why they put Tabasco sauce in it...to take it up from boring to just ok. Also, the tables weren't really wiped down, so that bugged me as well. For all the hype, I just wasn't impressed at all. It's a place where people go who think this is the place to be, so they can overspend on food that's really nothing to write home about. Having said that, I will give it another try relatively soon just to check myself and give them a second chance.
5	So apparently I haven't written a review for Liberty Market which is so bad of me since I have been a regular for years.  When I finally found downtown Gilbert after moving to the east valley in 2008, I was searching for a restaurant that made me feel like home.  Thankfully I found Liberty Market and was welcomed with open arms immediately.  I was always greeted with a smile and the employees remembered my name.  The only way I can think to describe the layout is innovative and exciting.  What other restaurant is showcased for their bathrooms?  Some of the individual bathrooms have recipes for some of the food written on the walls.  I can honestly say that this is the only time I have ever spent an extended amount of time in the bathroom.The chef never rests on his laurels and has weekly and weekend specials that are always delicious.  My staples on the menu are the salmon BLT, the picnic salad, any pizza out of the wood fire oven, the roasted sweet potato salad, and the chai tea.  I've been told that they make the tea fresh from scratch and it is the best I have ever tasted.The desserts change on a regular basis as well and they have some of the biggest cinnamon rolls and cakes I have ever seen.  One of the specials was sticky toffee pudding and it was to die for.  You get to look in the case while you stand in line so not some type of sweet treat is out of the question.I just love this restaurant and the owners!!  We are very lucky to have such a high quality restaurant in our own backyard.
4	Dropped in fir breakfast twice while we were in Gilbert.The Blueberry Pancakes were to die for.I've never tasted any so good.
4	Been to AZ hundreds of times, how did I miss this place!? What a find - I second & third all the excellent breakfast reviews, awesome food and great friendly atmosphere. Not a bad value either considering its AZ, will definitely come here again next trip!
4	The Liberty Market is a 4.45 star rated place for me.  Some days its 4 stars and on some days it's a 5 star, but most of the time is a solid 4 stars for me.  It's a great place to bring the family for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  We pick the Liberty Market over the other places in the area more often than not when we go to see a play at the theater. The food ~ most everything is very fresh and taste very good.  I had most of their sandwiches, burgers and a few pizza's.  Everything is usually prepared very well.  On a few occasions we've been disappointed with their consistency of how some things are prepared but again overall a very good experience!  You should always try to save room for desert!  Their deserts are super delish especially their oatmeal and ice cream cookie and their carrot cake.  The dinning experience ~ I'm not a fan of waiting in line to order then setting and waiting.  It's a self serve place, which is okay especially considering their prices are very reasonable.  The folks that work here are always very friendly.  The restaurant is very comfortable and clean.  The Liberty Market is a place I recommend to my friends and to you.  If you haven't been to the Liberty Market yet, why not?  Everyone else in the Gilbert and East valley have :-)
4	After a very long day of work, my father and I decided to catch up over some food. After driving around for awhile, we found Liberty Market, and we were very impressed. He ordered the Dragon Burger (which I tried, too. We were both very surprised at how good it was!), and I had the chorizo pizza. Since I absolutely love spicy food, this was perfect - but don't order it when you have chapped lips (ouch!). I will definitely return again...and again.
4	Loved it so much we had breakfast every day here on our week in new York and an evening meal Lovely staff, great food and overall nice place to be Thank you
4	It's been a while since we've been here and I keep meaning to go back. The long wait in line would have been bad, but at least we were right there watching the kitchen. Once we ordered, it didn't take too long to get our food, it was worth the wait. Everything we ordered was excellent. Makes me wish I ended up in Gilbert more often...
5	Liberty Market is in a great location, when I went last weekend there were also farmers markets happening near by. My favorite part is how clean and friendly the environment and kitchen space is. Everywhere you walk you can see what they're doing, it makes me feel at peace knowing that they take great care of the kitchens and prepare the food safely. I love all the decor too, even in the bathroom. The food is all well presented and definitely worth the long wait we had in line to order. Everything was super delicious!! I ordered the vegan american standard breakfast and the scrambled tofu wasn't bland or boring at all. My dirty chai was delicious and the people I ate with were very satisfied with their meals too. I will definitely be coming back!
4	Food id very good but sometime a long waitto get in.
5	Great experience, great food
5	My car just automatically turns in when I see Liberty market, always a treat.
5	Had their white pizza with toasted pine nuts and it was truly amazing.  Great atmosphere however the style of service was a little confusing at first but overall i had a great experience.
5	I love Liberty Market!Their coffee is great (try the Ca Phe). The food is good. They seat people in line through a host so you don't have to worry about seating. The line usually moves pretty quickly too.
4	We saw this place on TA as we drove in from Tucson and it seemed to be worth a stop. We were very glad we did. I had a terrific salad (tell them to go easy on the dressing) and my husband had their daily special, a black and blue burger. Both were delicious and we were back and forth sharing bites. The place is fun inside and the staff is attentive and cheerful. I'd like to go back for breakfast soon.
3	Pretty good I have to say. Always busy, always packed, even during the week. Odd set up for a restaurant, I didn't know who to tip in the end.
4	Best breakfast in Gilbert. Amazing treats too. Oatmeal pie is the best!
4	Best breakfast in Gilbert. Amazing treats too. Oatmeal pie is the best!
4	Sit at the coffee bar when you go to Liberty Market. Order the cortaditos (cuban style micro-latte). You'll most likely order a second round.
4	Chilaquiles are different but excellent. The manger handled a situation with another customer, fixed a wobbly table and bussed a table in the 3 minutes I was watching. Very professional staff. Decent, unique bloody Mary and good beers.
4	I always like to bring the kids here because the service and food is excellent.  No matter what time you show up, they will always seat you promptly.  They have a great system where there is someone who will come up to you when you are in line waiting to place your order.  He will ask how many people will be in the party and there is always a table waiting for us when we have placed the order.
5	Liberty Market is in a great location. When I went last weekend there were also farmers markets happening near by. My favorite part is how clean and friendly the environment and kitchen space is. Everywhere you walk you can see what they're doing, it makes me feel at peace knowing that they take great care of the kitchens and prepare the food safely. I love all the decor too, even in the bathroom. The food is all well presented and definitely worth the long wait we had in line to order. Everything was super delicious!! I ordered the vegan american standard breakfast and the scrambled tofu wasn't bland or boring at all. My dirty chai was delicious and the people I ate with were very satisfied with their meals too. I will definitely be coming back!!!
4	One of my favorite places to dine in the Gilbert area. Plenty of quality choices to choose from and a chic atmosphere. I always keep a lookout for the weekly and weekend specials, as they offer many unique items that can't be passed up, such as the Truffle Mac Burger. My favorites include the Best Chicken Sandwich, Chicken Pasta and the margarita pizza. Desserts can also be excellent, though the cakes are usually a little dry. Quality is always there, but the price is a little more than what makes it easy to make it a weekly trip.
4	Best breakfast in Gilbert. Amazing treats too. Oatmeal pie is the best!
5	Pricey but worth every penny. Salmon BLT...sweet potato muffin, hand crafted lattes with pretty designs in the foam? Sold
3	Ordered the chiliquiles.  I asked for eggs to be over easy, they came out over hard.  Because there is virtually no service there and nobody checks up on you, I just sat there and some what reluctantly ate my over hard eggs.  I also found it amusing that there is a tip line on the bill before a service or a lack there of, is provided...  All that said the flavor of the food was nice, the temperature of the food was decent and the restaurant ambience was cool.
5	I really like the food and service. A great place to eat.
4	The first time I visited Liberty Market, I stood in line for 15 minutes until my self-diagnosed adult ADHD kicked in and I had to leave without ordering. I bookmarked it in my mind, though, as they had Tobin James on their wine list and the brick oven kicked just enough warmth to trigger nostalgia of childhood winter time. Anywho... I returned a year later and was not disappointed! The line was long, but moved fast! And, they save ya a seat while you're placing your order and settling the tab. This is now a place we visit every week or two. My go-to sandwich order is the Cubano, of course. The side choices are homemade and the sweet potato salad is a favorite. Their "Best Chicken" is up there, too. Their Italian Wedding Soup, which was a weekly special, was the best I'd had. If you have room for dessert, I recommend the carrot cake. This is also a sweet spot for coffee, but that's not what they're known for.
5	Awesome food, wine and desserts.  You can't go wrong by going here!
4	My boyfriend works in downtown Gilbert and we were looking for a place to eat.  We walked in and there was a really long line.  You wait in line to order then they give you a table, after that someone brings you your food.  We waited for only about 15 minutes (which is common wait for most restaurants on a Sunday morning so no biggie).  I got a pizza and my boyfriend got something for breakfast.  My pizza was amazing and my boyfriend liked his food.  We would for sure go back.
