4	I like this store, I find what I need.  I get excellent service from Taylor and Angela every time I visit.  I love that they have plenty of "unpadded" bras.  When you are a double D, you don't need padding, there is natural padding already there.  I don't need to look like I am a stripper.  The prices can be a little steep, but if you wait and sign up for e-mails you can find great deals.
5	My girlfriend and I came to Phoenix from Colorado and decided to go bra shopping. We did a a search and found this Soma store. We almost didn't go because of the bad review. I'm so glad we went! First off the store is located in a really nice part of Phoenix and a really nice shopping area. Second the store is clean and the staff are wonderful. They did a fitting for me they would bring me all kinds of different bras in different sizes shapes and colors until I found exactly the kind of bras that fit perfect I love the bras, underwear and staff. The cherry on the cake was Both my girlfriend and I were able to find new swimsuits at Soma. The ladies there helped us pick them out, make sure they fit right, and they do look  oh so cute, and you know how hard it is to find a good-looking swimsuit. This is a great store to shop in. Have fun!
5	I'd been looking for somewhere besides Victoria's Secrets to buy my bras, as VS didn't seem to be as knowledgable and never had the size I actually needed.  I saw Soma on Yelp and figured I'd take a shot, even though there were mixed reviews.I couldn't have been more happy with the service I received.  The store was super busy on a Saturday afternoon, but Nicole was the employee who helped me out and she did an awesome job at fitting me for the correct size (totally different from what VS told me I was) and helping me find a few bras that worked for me.  The prices aren't that bad.  You get what you pay for when it comes to bras.  They had a 2 for $59 sale when I visited, so I got two of those bras, but even not on sale, they were only $42 for a good basic tee bra in size 34D (which I LOVE by the way) and $48 for a strapless/convertible bra in 36D.  I was happy to save the $30, but would have paid full price for what I got.  I wasn't sure how the strapless one I got would work with some of my shirts/dresses, so I asked about the return policy...60 days, no questions asked.  I appreciated that, since this was my first real bra shopping experience outside of VS and I wasn't sure what would work best for me. The only kind of negative thing I'd have to say was that the employees were chatting freely a lot about personal stuff and other employees, in front of customers.  It didn't bother me at all and I didn't think it affected their work, but I also wouldn't want my employees doing that in front of customers.
4	I wasn't in the market for a new bra but a beautiful bra and panty set in the window caught my eye and drew me in. They have a really nice variety of undergarments from the utilitarian to little pretty lacy things in sizes that extend into the Carol Doda range (how's that for an old timey SF reference??).I have been properly bra fitted in the past so I was confident in my ability to pick out my own size. The sales clerk might have been a little too insistent in checking to make sure that I had selected the proper size even after I had insured her that I was  competent to select my own. She came into my change room to check and just ended up confirming that I had made the proper selection. Soma is a sister company to Chico's and White House/Black Market with similiar quality and price points. They have a free membership/purchase program that offers discounts and special sales. I will definitely return the next time that I am in the market for new lingerie.
