4	Culver's has become an institution in our family, having frequented the Deer Valley location when we lived in North Phoenix. Having recently moved to the west side, we were pleasantly surprised to see this new location opening, and we were not disappointed! To say this location is different from others in terms of food would be a lie - it's just as tasty as any other Culver's I've stepped into. The chicken strips are some of my daughter's favorites (she's quite the connoisseur of poultry)  and the Butterburgers are quite tasty. I highly recommend getting a Snack Pack - a smaller burger or two piece strip, small fries and small drink, and saving room for desert. The custard is definitely the star of the show!Kids meals are wonderful here, you get your choice of burger, 2 chicken strips, or corn dog, choice of applesauce or fries, and choice of drink. On the back are two "tokens", i.e., coupons; one to save (when you collect ten you can redeem a prize, such as a mini football or basketball) and one to use on a free kids' scoop of custard with one topping. Hint - when driving through, let them know you'd like to use the custard token at the time of purchase.What did make this particular location stand out for us was the service. Not that they've been bad at the others, but this one seemed just a step above. Smiling, friendly, and helpful employees taking your order, and the employee who brought us our food acted as a waiter - "Anything else I can get for you? Does everything look right?" - all done with an extremely positive attitude.Recommend for anyone looking for a quick bite in a comfortable atmosphere!
1	ive never waited for more than 20 mins at a fast food burger place. i kept telling my wife that it was a good sign and that it just means that the food will be super fresh. not so much. the fries were prob reheated at least twice as they looked old and the burger meat was on the cold side as well. ill just stick to freddys or in-n-out!!
5	I stopped by for lunch and I was kind of in a hurry, despite how busy it was they got me in and out quickly...  And the food wasn't too bad either ;)
4	Tried this location after often going to the Peoria near Cactus location. Was very happy with the meal and my daughter wanted a dinner so she ordered the chopped steak and was happy with her meal. This will be a regular family spot as we were all so full afterward.
3	Burger-good, real goodFries-just fries, need to crisp them or somethingCustard-delicious!Choc shake-delicious
5	Always greeted when you walk in the door, fast good service, great food and deserts. Clean restrooms and dinning area.
5	One of my favs, place is always clean and I'm always greeted with a smile.
5	Yummy treats and great service.
5	This was my first visit to a Culver's restaurant. My first observation was the outside area, it was clean and litter free with ample parking. The inside was also very clean and neat, as was the bathroom.  The owner of the store personally took my order and he was friendly and very professional. I ordered the "Culvers Deluxe" platter, which included fries and a drink. The double meat, double cheese burger came piled high with bacon and fresh veggies. The burger was excellent, hot and plenty of juice. Fries were ok, crispy, could have been more of them. Overall, prices are about average for a burger combo. The food was above average for a fast food joint. The staff was friendly and helpful. I give Culver's a thumbs up and I am sure I will visit them again.
3	Butter buns..ummm..passed this time!  I tried the pot roast dinner.  Not bad.  The meat was tender and the side portion of mash potatoes and greens were good.  The dining room was full of  families.  There's something for everyone from burgers, cheese curds, shakes, sundaes to pot roast and fried chicken. If you have kids, check this place out! Clean, good food and the staff is friendly and helpful.
2	New to this area and had never seen this chain before so decided to give it a shot. The food is good as far as flavor, the issue I have is the meat to bun ratio. The burgers have little more meat on them than a Krystal or White Castle but they have a full size bun. Just wish for a little more. Malts are great though!
5	This Culver's is always clean and the staff is very friendly & attentive. The custard is to die for, you won't be disappointed! My favorites flavors of the day are the Bonfire Smores, Mint Explosion, Salted Carmel Banana Nut and Double Marshmallow Oreo. Now I'm hungry!
4	Cheese curds.....yum. The custard, extra yum. The service, almost always great. Today the cashier was a bit of a snot. The fried chicken was the show stopper today. I would have never guessed you can get chicken that good there. AND the fries are the ONLY fries offered by a national chain that gives McDonald's any competition.
1	I have eaten there in the past and has been a while.  Food was very good when this restaurant first opened.  Just went there 01/18/2014. I ordered the chicken dinner to go, and it was the worst crap ever.  First the cashier ran back and asked the cook if there was any chicken.  I received 2 legs and  thighs which tasted and looked like it sat under a heat lamp for hours.  For the price your paying u think it would be fresh!  Quality has definitely went down.  Will never again go to this culvers location again.
2	Generally disappointing. For one thing, I was picturing more of a Perkins or even Denny's type place. Not fast food. It reminded me more of a Dairy Queen than anything else. The man running the cash register was not exactly friendly. The 3 of us had one order of Walleye and 2 orders of fried chicken. He yelled into the back to find out if they had more fried chicken (it was 6pm on a Saturday). Finding out they did, he said we could have the chicken. When our orders came one plate had two large chicken breasts and the other had a spindly wing and drumstick. Everything was super oily, even by the standards of fried fast food. The breading on the chicken was bland and heavy. Hubby said the walleye was decent but bland. Fries were frozen crinkle fries. I didn't try the roll and didn't hear any commentary on the green beans. The cole slaw was apparently decent but sweet (Miracle Whip). Although the desserts look intriguing, I probably wouldn't come here again for food.
5	The friendliness of the staff and manager, Joe was superb!!!! I will definitely be returning. Customer service like that is unfortunately very rare so when I receive it I think it's important to point it out! Way to go Joe!!Oh, the food was great!
2	The good? Well it is better than Pete's.When my mom was in town this Spring I decided to buy her dinner at Culver's after a few people recommended it. My aunt strongly recommended the seasonal walleye so I went for it.First off this review is partially my fault. I'm an active Yelper. It is usually my fault when my expectations are off. I expected a casual sit down place like Denny's or Big Boys. So it is my fault for not doing my homework.Second, it is less fast casual and more fast food. I got the impression from a few people that this was a fast casual place. But it felt more like McDonald's with a few seasonal specials to me.Third. The food. My wife thought her friend chicken was okay. My walleye was better than Pete's and other fast food joints. But on par with decent fish and chips? No. And it cost more than my last trip to our favorite fish and chips joint.The restaurant even looked messier than most McDonald's I've been to.Next time, I'm going to remember to check before offering to treat family to dinner even if I have a recommendation. Because this place was disappointing and I would've rather spent the money to buy some fish, oil, beer, potatoes and make dinner for twice as many people for the same price.
5	Great food!  Great customer service!  Great root-beer!
1	The worst place I've ever ate the manager be Littles the employees why you're trying to eat thank God there's an in and out burger right across the street
4	I love this place! Not only does it feel welcoming, but the food is fresh. It reminds me of Braums in Oklahoma.The frenchfries are fresh and great. When you bite into a burger it just feels right. I enjoy how great their customer service is. You go inside it's clean and sanitary. The drive in sometimes takes a while but because the fresh burgers and fries I'm okay with it. I love how in  the drive in they will explain what's all in something and they are promptly on knowing the menus. They greet wheb drive up and also I love to ask what their favorite malt is so I can try.
