4	I needed to run errands and my husband wanted to buy shoes, so compromised by going to the Desert Ridge shopping center. I didn't know they had a Famous Footwear and was pleasantly surprised. This FF was huge with tons of selections compared to the one I normally go to. I decided to look around while my husband scoped out the men's shoes. I really needed some new running shoes and almost all the sneakers/athletic shoes were on sale. I am big on comfort but also really like the Nike brand. Unfortunately, all the Nike's I tried on where either too small or very uncomfortable. I even tried on some Wide sizes, but they just weren't working for me. Then I saw Dr. Scholl's had some shoes and tried those on. They were both comfortable and stylish. I ran up and down the aisles a few times while no one was looking to get a feel for the shoes. I was sold. I wandered back over to my husband to find he was having a hard time deciding. He liked some Sketchers but then found a pair of Nike's that he really liked. After trying on a few more pairs, he decided on the Nike's. Overall, it was a good experience. The store wasn't too busy, the employee was helpful when we asked him questions, and we were able to get our shoe shopping done quickly and all in one stop. It was nice having such a large selection to choose from and not have to go store to store. I'd definitely go back if in the area and needing shoes.
5	Super big and nice location! Have a very big variety of different shoes for all genders and ages. Staff is super nice and helpful. Went here looking for a certain shoe in a certain size and color and they did not have what I was looking for. Found someone right away that could help me and in a matter of minutes he had looked up what stores had what I was looking for! Super nice and great customer service and even when it is busy!
2	Not a great experience when you walk in the door of a business and an employee says "we're closed." There were still a couple of people in the store, so I asked if I could take 2 minutes. He begrudgingly agreed, and then proceeded to keep a hawkeye on me while I shopped. Needless to say I did not make a purchase.
1	When E & J Designer shoe outlet in Scottsdale closed, I was on the lookout for my next favorite shoe store. I thought it might be the Famous Footwear at PV Mall, they seem to have a decent collection of shoes. When I bought like half a dozen pairs last year, the store clerk very helpful and polite. My recent visit was so bad, the store manager (not the same guy that helped me last year)  was RUDE & UNHELPFUL. To the point where I wonder if he is working towards getting that store closed. If the store management wants to run a successful business, they should not have grumpy & condescending folks running the show. Just a thought...
1	I gave this store 2 stars for the convienence of the location being at the mall. On Sunday August 17th I had real issues when it came to buying the shoes. After going through the process of buying two pairs of shoes and swiping my Visa card the computer when down. The female clerk restarted the computer and reassured me that the transaction didnt go through and rang up the shoes again. On the 19th I looked at my bank statement and find out my Visa was charged twice. After calling the location they gave me another # 1-800-401-8888 for Sales Audit. I called adn spoke with Linda. She told me they have no record of two transactions and to call back in a few days. Her supervisor Dedra told her let me know the bank will catch a double charge and sort it out. I called back 6 days later and they told me they still had no record of two charges. Now I have to dispute it with the bank. This means  they will cancel my card !! VERY INCONVENIENT !! I have to contact all places that I have automatic payments to update the new card information. Needless to say they need new employees in accounting.
