5	We went to this new Restaurant on Maryland pkwy and I couldn't be more positively surprised; the staff is very friendly and outgoing and  the food was just GREAT !   From the beginning you can feel the nice atmosphere in there.I truly recommend this restaurant to anyone that loves great mexican food !
4	First time and I will be back. I am a fan of handmade tortillas and they have delicious ones, both corn and flour. Staff is very friendly and attentive. Looking forward to more good food.
5	Took my family there recently for the first time and pleasantly surprised! It's now our favorite mexican restaurant! Food & service were FANTASTIC! If you're in the LV area you MUST try it!
5	Wow! This place is YUMMY, I know that there are so many restaurants in Las Vegas where you can go and eat but don't let that prevent you from trying this authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas. The enchiladas were so good and my kids live there tacos
4	Hungry and craving Mexican food, stumbled on this restaurant that has been it's fair share of places over the years. In fact, I believe it was an Elephant Bar when it was built. Well, it was a stumble I was happy I made. I mean, how bad could it have been ... how bad could it have turned out? It is conveniently located a couple of short blocks from Sunrise Hospital. If things went bad, I had a back-up plan.Very large restaurant - us, one other table, and 1 person at the bar ... service was excellent.  As soon as we sat, we were given a cheese quesadilla - nice touch. Also, given fresh, hot, recently made chips with salsa. Ordered the Carne Asada Plate. Delicious! Nice, good cut of steak (not thin like I normally would have expected). Served with homemade (well, restaurant made) tortillas (corn or flour).I will for sure return. Looks like several good seafood options - including shrimp wrapped in bacon.
4	During honeymoon and spell of marital bliss we used to frequent this Mexican eatery in Chicago. As soon we were seated two Sombreros with ten gallon hats would come and serenade out table with "Guantanamera.-Wahila Gauntanamera"  I advocate this for any newly married since the tequila was intoxicating, the music lilting and the food was delicious and we couldn't wait to get to our nest.. This was the old days. Circa 2013, Las Vegas (Spanish for The Meadows)  is inundated with  Mexican restaurants in every corner and the one with the good ambiance somehow don't make it in Vegas (people don't seem to have class or taste anymore?). The Mexican food scene is changing to Food Trucks in every gas station and there is no room for ten gallon hats.So when you hear about a new classy Mexican eatery you are attracted to it specially when it is authentic Mexican food., This location was previously  Elephant Bar, Inca and then El Patron. They all failed not to the poor location-no traffic after dark hence not enough dinner crowd.. But El Patron closed not because of the traffic but a victim of recession. Hacienda Del Ray, is probably the Best Ethnic Mexican Restaurant in Las Vegas. This is not for Gringos who frequent taco bell and other bells or hyped up Mexican eateries who serve cheap and massive plates filled with sourcream and cheese and more oil than the spill in Alaska, but for some one who appreciate good food, the cleanliness and ambiance and even patio dining. and there are not many Mexican places with patio dining. They need good entertainment to draw the Gringos. Karaoke draws a cheap crowd and one of the singers sounded  like mating call of sea urchin,I tried "Fajita Hacienda" with Chicken, Shrimp and Steak. and it was outstanding not to underestimate the Margarita on the rocks-the frozen was so so. I hope this place makes it since it is owned by a chain and they have money to spend on advertising and promotion. The service was excellent and If I write too much it will sound like I am patronizing which I am not. I find out this is a franchise and they have branches in Westchester, CA and Playa Del Ray, CA. And that is a Plus.
4	Good place to eat mexican food in Vegas ...if ur craving mexican food and are in town this is a good place and friendly service
5	Great food and service. I work in the area and stopped by just to try it out for lunch. Good prices and the food came out fast. Salsa was damn good too. Plan on going back for dinner to have a few drinks.
4	In town for a trade show, hooked a cab here based on yelp reviews. Had the shrimp & crab enchiladas. They were really good - better than most I've had. The frijoles tasted a little burned, but the guacamole was very good. Overall a good place - I'd come again.
5	In the desolate almost barren landscape that is Las Vegas Mexican restaurants, finally an oasis appears called HACIENDA DEL REY. Yes, I am given to hyperbole but in a town that considers Lindo Michoacan a good restaurant, it is appropriate.This was our second visit and it was just as good as the very first time. Did I just use a Foreigner lyric in this review? The food here is SO much better than any other local full-service Mexican restaurant, especially any place with Michoacan in their name.This is what we have had for dinner and why you should probably have the same.Chips and Salsa: chips were warm and I believe spent their formative years as tortillas rather than being reared in a bag, salsa was fresh and bright tasting.Quesadilla: complimentary, tasty, and a very nice touch.Seafood Campechana: full of shrimp, crab, pulpo, and avocado, delicious and pretty authentic as well.Albondigas Soup: great broth, plenty of veggies, and housemade meatballs.Carnitas: the real thing, old school well browned and succulent, big chunks and not greasy.Steak Tampiquena: tastes of beef and the grill, cooked medium rare as ordered with a really good cheese enchilada. Puts that other place to shame.Tortillas: made fresh in house and I prefer the corn slightly over the flour.Rice and Beans: way above average and we finished them.Guacamole: excellent.We really enjoyed both meals here. The beer (Bohemia, YES!) was ice cold as were the mugs. Our server was outstanding and very attentive.I do wish they would upgrade their Margarita program; more top-shelf and craft options available straight up or on the rocks would be nice. We want this place to stay around for many years so more advertising and promotions would be a plus.If you think Lindo Michoacan is good, try Hacienda del Rey and see what you have been missing. GO NOW! Hope they can overcome that somewhat jinxed location.
4	Passed this restaurant a thousand times on my way too and from work, finally decided to stop in and am so glad I did. The food was delicious and the service even better! I had the cheese enchiladas which,  i admit, hard to mess up. Came with a small salad or soup prior to the entree. The service is top notch here. The staff is very attentive with a good personality to boot. I will definitely be back to this hidden gem.
5	Had dinner here last night and it was delicious. Fresh, authentic Mexican food and excellent service. It's a fairly new place. I highly recommend this place.
4	I was really in the mood for enchiladas this weekend. I live in this area and drive by this place daily, and had never paid attention to it for some reason. (Their sign is hard to read while driving.) I searched on Yelp for enchiladas and found this place. I was there about 430PM on Saturday afternoon and I was the only customer, which I thought was odd, although it's the first couple of weeks after Christmas and that seems to be a slow time. At any rate, I had enchiladas rancheras, typical preparation, great flavor,  with better than average rice and beans, chips and salsa. It was better than Michoacan the last time I was there, several months ago and the server was very friendly and efficient. By the time I left, there were several other customers which was good. I hate seeing restaurants go out of business due to lack of customers.
5	My boyfriend and I visited Las Vegas in the summer of 2013. I googled "great Mexican restaurant", and I found this gem. I am so happy I did. We drove and found the restaurant very easily. We were welcomed in such a nice way, and the staff was sooo friendly!! Our waiter talked, laughed and was so cool. I had a lot of questions about the different dishes, and he answered them, and then some more. The food was so divine my boyfriend and I could hardly talk while we ate. We got a lot of food, and like I said, it looked beautiful, it tasted gorgeous and all in all this was without a doubt our favourite eating experience whilst in Vegas. THANK you so much! We are going back to USA and Las Vegas this summer, and we will definitely come back to your place and eat ourselves "to death" again. :-) Eilen-Villemo and Geir, from Norway
4	Really nice decor and very friendly staff. Came here on my way home and when I walked in it was dead... Didn't quite understand but I went to the bar and was helped right away (maybe cause I was the only one there lol). Order the steak fajitas and it was good. Ordered a drink and talked to the bartender saying on the weekends more people come by since they have karaoke. I'd come by there again before I leave Vegas.
2	Not delicious. The weak tamarind margarita was the best part of the meal. The place was dead and that should have been an indicator given it's Saturday night. The salsa was bland and American-ized. Nachos were mediocre. And the burrito was anything but Mexican, even for what us Americans are used to. On a positive note, the ice cold water was just the right temperature and fantastic to my palate.
1	Starting with the seating. In a place that had very little people we got pushed to a small corner which in theory is nice but for service was horrid. the food was lacking to say the least. I had more flavor in my dogs food than in my burrito. also the service was less than acceptable. Our food took almost a half hour to arrive and then no one came around to check on us. the best part of the meal? leaving the restaurant.
1	Came here for Cinco de Mayo. Margaritas were delicious. However the service was not  great. We went in around 5pm. The lights were so dim, we couldn't see the menu (which WE had to ask the server for) I asked 3 times for the lights to be turned up. They did and ten minutes after someone else started messing with the lights. It was pretty annoying. The server took longer than expect to take our order.  Once she did, she didn't write it down. (This always makes me nervousness because I feel they're going to forget something ) of course it happened. My order came out. But we were still waiting on my moms food. I asked the server about the food and she forgot to put the order in. She did apologize and I understand things happen. By the time my mom's food came , my fajitas were cold. I didn't say anything. By this time I just wanted to eat and leave. The server asked us from behind the bar if we were doing ok. To me that wasn't personable at all. Once we were done eating, I went to the ladies room and it was disgusting. Seems that nobody checked the bathroom for a while. It was very messy. My experience was not great and we won't be coming back to Hacienda.
2	I never thought finding a good hole in the wall place for Mexican food in Vegas would be so hard. I trusted my Yelp app, and this is where we ended up. Unfortunately only after driving by several other Yelp recommended places that quickly were crossed off the list for reasons like no air conditioning and dirty places.Overall, this place ended up being less an authentic Mexican restaurant and more a bland whitewashed Mexican style eatery. The food was tasteless and they didn't even offer a good hot sauce. It was really an unremarkable restaurant. Easily forgettable. I can't say anything tasted really good or really bad. It was all just blah.
4	Come during Happy Hour, the margaritas are my favorite menu item. If you've had a bad margarita here, like watered-down with huge chunks of ice - it's the bartender IN THAT SHIFT! Don't let one person ruin your experience. Most of the female bartenders do a fantastic job on the frozen margaritas and can get a little creative if you ask for a custom drink. I frequent the place around noon, I have never been here for dinner, so I cannot comment on what type of service you might receive at that time of day. The staff is typically pretty friendly and jovial at lunch time. They don't seem agitated or unwilling to explain what's in some of the entrees if you don' t already know.The steak and camarones (shrimp) are also fantastic here. They both seem as though they were made in someone's home. If you don't know what I'm talking about, go try Applebees steak or shrimp and then sample either one at Hacienda Del Rey - there's a BIG difference. The shrimp are large enough to be served only 4-5 at a time as an entree (no pitiful salad shrimp here!)
5	Good food, excellent service and two-for-one margaritas and beer for happy hour. We were town for a conference and apparently there was a traffic jam in the Paradise/Flamingo area (where all the chain restaurants are), so our cab driver took us off the beaten path until we came to this place. After a great dinner, we tried to catch a cab and were told we'd have to wait an hour! So our server, Miguel, offered to drive us in his car. We were hesitant to trouble him, but after waiting for 20+ minutes and unsuccessfully trying to flag down 4 cabs that drove by, we finally took him up and he graciously returned us safely to our hotel.Pretty rare to find service like that anymore... thanks, Miguel! We recommend Hacienda Del Rey if you're looking for Mexican food in Vegas!
5	Delicious. We found this place by accident when we were in town last time. We are from San Diego so we know good Mexican food. We shared the carnitas and it was excellent. Service was great also. We will be back
4	This place is great. I feel bad because it does not seem to get a lot of business. Hopefully it stays open. Place is fairly priced, and has great food. Really a gem if you live in the neighborhood as I have found it hard to find a quality, affordable sit-down mexican restaurant with a bar in east vegas. Only downside is bathrooms, but they aren't horrid. Just extremely small.
5	Two for one beer & Margaritas.... & their food is awesome.  Mole sauce & table side guacamole was delicious & the staff was great.
5	Great service. Great food. Away from the strip. Family run place. Hidden gem. Chips and salsa to start.
4	We had our wedding reception here on 4/12/14.  It was a nice place.  They accommodated the seating arrangement nicely.  They worked with me over the phone with menu arrangements and pricing.  They even helped me find a bakery in the same shopping center.  The margaritas are delicious! They had a Mariachi come by surprise so we made sure we tipped them well.  The staff was nice so we also left them a good tip. The food was good but I had to ask them to refill the empty enchilada tray.  I felt they should have been on top of that.  I didn't think they had A/C on just fans so it was a little warm for a summer vegas day.  It was bearable but could have been fresher.  They didn't rush us out and let us dance.  Overall my guests had a great time.
5	"Exquisito" Best Mexican restaurant in town and perhaps in the state of Nevada. The ambiance was amazing, great customer service with our waitress! Made me think I was in South America on US soil! Will definitely go back! Food were amazing along with their margaritas.
