3	Tony and Trader Joe's Thank you for showing up on yelp...I will have to go by today, btw the 2 buck chuck is good for sangria also...
5	The food market offerings in Charlotte continue to get better with the addition of Trader Joe's locations in South Charlotte, North Charlotte and an uptown location opening later this year. At UNC Charlotte I was always stuck going to Bloom or Harris Teeter but now Trader Joe's is closer than both of them to me and the food is better too. Truly unique items make for a fun experience. It is almost impossible to leave the story without trying something new.
5	Trader Joe's is one of the best new additions the University area of Charlotte has had in a long time! Here are some of my favorite things...-Two Buck Chuck (beware, consumption of this is sure to cause a wicked red-wine hangover headache- stock up on tylenol while you're at it)-Salsa kits- for those that aren't familiar, for $2 you get a nifty little package that includes everything you need to make your own salsa- tomatoes, a jalapeno, a lime, shallots, and fresh garlic.  This salsa is great- just beware that their jalapenos are usually very, very hot so use with caution!-Grapefruit salt scrub-Pita chips (cinnamon, sea salt, garlic- they're all good!)This is a great place to venture out and try new things.  Their prices are low and it's a fun shopping experience.
4	Yeah, I liked Trader Joe's a lot, it reminded me of Earth Fare, except it was much more colorful.  There are off the wall paintings of crazy cows and wine grapes that made me smile.  They also have this special 2.99 wine called Two Buck Chuck that actually tasted pretty grand.  I swear to god that I am not a bum; this is actually there best selling stuff.  All of the employees were bright and young and I enjoyed the service.  They play some nice funky classic rock jams, which I would much rather shop to than Seal or whatever they play at Harris Teeter.  They have a great selection of dinners for vegetarians, and there are plenty of organic options as well.  I don't live around the University area, but I might come back for a little Two Buck Chuck.  Yes, sirry.
5	Hey single folks, bachelors, and people who cant cook. Here's your PSA for the day. Trader Joes has GREAT prepackaged frozen meals and treats. Surprisingly very tasty. ESP considering its frozen food! Not to mention pretty cheap too! Their Trader Joe brand is of very high quality. For example: 2 Buck Chuck. Bam, nuff said.Plus, this is the only place I know where I can get mochi. Got some the other day. As yumy as I remember. Picked up strawberry flavor too. Eh, its okay. Green tea's the best still. GREEN TEA MOCHI. GREEN TEA MOCHI!!!! GREEN TEA MOCHI!!! No clue? Try it =)Thank you, you're welcome and have a good day.
5	The Trader Joe's chain is my all-time favorite grocery store, and this particular location is no let-down.  If you are unfamiliar with Trader Joe's, do yourself a favor and VISIT NOW!!  This place is reasonably priced and all the food is both delicious and healthy.  My favorite part?  Free samples!  Always available and useful because you can try new products without having to purchase them first.  Another great things about Trader Joe's is their wine selection.  I have pretty much stopped buying wine anywhere OTHER than TJ's, because it is so cheap for the quality.  My favorite is the Santa Barbara Chardonnay for $3.99/bottle.  That's right.  $3.99.  Even cheaper is the legendary "Two Buck Chuck," assorted reds and whites by Charles Shaw for $2.99.Other food favorites:-Laughing Cow cheese is VERY low calorie at 35 calories per wedge.  Trader Joe's exclusively carries the Bleu Cheese variety.-Pimento cheese spread is not very healthy but is very tasty.  -Cheese crunchy things are like Cheetos but not as fattening.  Very tasty.Can you tell I like cheese?  -Low calorie and delicious frozen Soba noodles.-Assorted hummus.-Great deals on frozen fish, easily thawed and grilled.And much more.  Go explore for yourself!  Bring a reusable shopping bag and register to win $50 worth of groceries, given away weekly.Another great thing about TJ's is the staff.  They are always very friendly.  Sometimes their cheeriness is alarming, but I generally appreciate it.
5	I'm glad I work near this Trader Joe's location.  It allows me to stop in after work and grab some stuff on the commute home.  The TJ stores aren't too large in size, but I always seem to find new things every time I go here.The store is always super clean, and you always see someone pulling inventory from the shelves to make sure everything is fresh and good to buy.Sometimes the lines get a bit long, but they move pretty quickly and the cashiers always strike up a decent conversation with you either about products or just asking how the day is going.The parking lot here can be a bit of a zoo sometimes, but it is well worth navigating the lot and risking head on collisions with crazy (*insert expletive here) drivers that don't know what they are doing in a parking lot and always "have someplace to be".
5	I am not sure why the review of this disappeared must have been some of those elfs that did not like what I say. Never the less if you live close to this Grocery you are out of your mind if you do not shop here.      with a bakery next door that has recently opened it is a ideal location for not only the TJ's but, the bakery as well.             Great Produce  and great products in general with their store brand being of top quality do not take my word for it try the place . Sure its a 80 mile drive for me so when ever I am in the area I stop by. Beats the Hell out of that nasty Place Food Lion that makes their home near where I live
5	Am a big fan of Trader Joe's and only wish there was one closer to Huntersville.  We generally hit this location although I sometimes head to the Uptown one before leaving work for home. I really enjoy many of their pre-packaged meals.  The Mandarin Orange Chicken is good, much cheaper and just as good as what you would get at many Chinese restaurants.  Other favorites are the French Onion soup and Carmelized Onion Dip.  With the dip, I recommend buying two because one will not last you long enough!  We ran out Friday night and I'm feeling compelled to make the drive again today.  We also buy a bunch of the frozen fish items to have in the freezer for a quick blackened mahi or seared tuna steak dinner.  While obviously not fresh, have found the taste to be pretty good once prepared.Open one in Huntersville and you get 6 stars (at least in my mind)!
5	I love Trader Joe's.  It's that simple.  Here's why...They have some of the cheapest stuff out there, and it's not "cheap" stuff either!  The prices are so reasonable while the quality is so high.  Their meats, chicken in particular, are better, healthier, and more cost effective than most grocery stores.  They also have some great looking packaged meal deals, made from good, healthy ingredients.Their wine selection is phenomenal!  Even if "Two Buck Chuck" has become "Three Buck Chuck," you still can't beat the value!  Trader Joe's continues to surprise me with one-off specials seem to come in from no where!  I love walking down each and every aisle just to see what they have hiding on their shelves.  This location is a bit smaller than the ones I remember in California, but the don't lack in variety!Great food, happy employees, fun shopping experience!
4	We started coming here for the great wine prices, and have since discovered lots of other great deals, hard-to-find items, and great meals.  There are some awesome pre-seasoned and marinated lamb, beef, and chicken cuts in the meat section.  They also have the best cheeses!  The produce is usually much better and fresher than other grocery stores.  Staff members are very helpful, and much more knowledgeable than I initially expected.  I make a point of trying something new every time we go there.  If you haven't been, check it out!
4	I love when places go out of their way to make chores seem fun... that's what Trader Joes does for me. Trying not to sound like the complete dork I am, but TJ's completely makes me rethink how grocery stores are supposed to be. I don't even know where to begin!The huge sunflowers that I can usually pick up for under 6 bucks is always a favorite treat! I was first turned on to TJ's for its 'famous' two buck chuck, but the store and staff have so much more to offer. I can usually buy most of my food at TJ's and spend less money than lovely Wally world. Everything from their stocked produce and interesting frozen foods and how could I forget the awesome sauces and marinades. I love the selection and lack of selection at the same time, I really don't need or want 45 different types of peanut butter to choose from! Some of my fav TJ finds: 1. Wine 2. Sunflowers 3. Vanilla/ Cin Tea 3. Greek Yogurt 4. Banana's 5. Pecan Granola 6. Jojoba Oil 7. Frozen stir fry 8.Pumpkin bread mix The staff at this TJ's are wonderful! Always beyond helpful, but not annoying. They seem  to really have a good time at work at I mean who doesn't love Hawaiian shirts at wine samples? The staff always asks to make sure my shopping bag isn't too heavy, a small gesture that I always appreciate seeing that I live on the third floor! ( or maybe I just look really weak!)
1	At first I read all the reviews on this place and I would have agreed with them if I wrote this after this store opened.  However, now that I have been there a few times and have noticed a decline I can say with confidence that I cannot go back to this place.  Last year around this same month I picked up some kosher meat and took it home to prepare it.  I opened the package and found a large metal shard embedded in the meat.  I took it back and did not go back until last week.  Last week I bought Almond Milk thinking it would be safe and the price was right.  I got it home and let it get cold over night.  The next day I opened it and began to pour it into a bowl when a very thick black hair (with the root attached) came out of it.  I was disgusted.  I poured it right back in there and took it back the next day. There are no quality checks that go on with this company and if you decide to eat anything from this place you are doing so at your own risk.   I also noticed a decline in the customer service. The last two times I have been there both cashiers were clearly angry at something. The first one threw my items across the check-out counter, and then threw them into my bag. The second cashier that rang up the hair filled milk did not even look at me.  She purposefully kept looking over and around me but never at me to acknowledge me in any way, shape, or form.I cannot recommend this place to anybody and neither should you.
4	Shopping at Trader Joe's always makes me happy!This is our original one, which is tucked away in a nice shopping center.Trader Joe's is consistent - the quality, staff, & prices mimic the Metropolitan location downtown.  Like Annie said, shopping is indeed fun here.  Bright & inviting, signage is welcoming  & employees are friendly.  And the prices...I do so well here! I can have a basket / cart full of stuff & walk out spending less than $50.
5	I was very excited when this store first opened, but was afraid it would be expensive. Not expensive at all; very affordable when compared to other grocery stores. You'll pay 6 bucks for grass fed Kerrygold butter at Harris Teeter, over here it's a more than reasonable 4 buck. Some of the more popular items sell out quickly, so I have a tendency to stock up when possible.  Don't need to be stocking up on those Eggnog Almonds, wow they are great; but can devour that package in a couple of days. Great prices on organic fruits and vegetables. Wish they had a better selection of grassfed beef, but I'm buying that direct from farmers at a better price anyway. Some cashiers are more congenial than others, but by and large the service is terrific.
4	The variety and freshness of the produce is the very best. You can always find something new and exiting to try.
4	Trader Joes is my favorite grocery store chain. I actually prefer this location to the one uptown, I despise that parking deck and dread it each weekend. But sometimes we go to North Lake and hit up this location, I also think the actual store is larger which is nice. My stand by items are: Chocolate ice cream made with coconut milkFrozen chicken tikka masala Corn salsaThe regular Greek yogurt is good and with 23G of protein you can not go wrong. Chocolate covered almondsOrange chickenOk I will stop, could go on forever. The one thing I find hit or miss is the produce, I always try to get produce at a farmers market anyways.
5	Giving 5 stars as this and Earth Fare are my favorite markets.  2 or 3 years before Trader Joe's opened here in Charlotte, I had visited one in LA while out west visiting family. I thought to myself , we need one of these in Charlotte. Well, 2 or 3 years later we have our very own Trader Joe's, and it isn't even far from our house. Now on to details, reasonably priced, good selection of organic items. You will not find any major brands such as Kellogg's cereals or Jif peanut butter. What you will find is that most items are their very own brand, and have yet to be disappointed by any I have tried. Even the frozen section has some really tasty items.  And another very nice thing about Trader Joe's .... a great selection of inexpensive wines.  So give them a try you will be glad you did. Also I read another review stating that out of 2 visits, and only 2 visits,bad product was purchased on both occasions. ... sort of defies the odds , don't you think ?
5	I went to TJs to trade out a flower I recently bought that was dying. The cashier let me trade my flower for another plant (the one I had originally bought had sold out), keep the decorative pot from the dying plant... then INSISTED on giving me back some of my money! AND the cashier gave me a high five when I left :D I freaking love Trader Joes!!
5	Best place to get organic fruits, vegetables, milk and poultry. Love the way  veggies are packed, specially beans. Another good thing is you have a good collection of  tasty  Frozen foods such as  waffles,"Panner Tikka masala with spinach rice" , "Channa masala",  " Butter Chicken"  the best part is they taste authentic.. Also tried some of there sauces like Thai yellow curry, Alferdo pasta. these sauces don't have any directions.. like how to use. Seasonally  they have mango lassi.. its awesome..The mango ice cream bars , Coffee ice cream bars, mango sorbet, taste real good.. Last but not the least  about there soaps.. u can hardly find 5-6 varieties, Lavender with flowers  is awesome.. highly scent and  its one of the best i have ever used. but its expensive $3.29.
5	Same great experience you get at every TJ's!
5	What can you say bad about trader Joe's, absolutely nothing.   Great fresh food and cheap for what you get is an easy win/win in my book.   We hit up trader Joe's at least 2 times a week and their produce is always fresh and amazing.   Their return policy is top notch for a super market and their employees are always super helpful.   You will find mostly Trader Joe's brand goods but they are how they keep the prices low and the quality good.   It is almost too good to be true but it is as good as it gets.  Stop on in you will not be disappointed.
3	Trader Joe's has great food, and this one is no different. My only issue with TJ is that it seems like less of a grocery store than a boutique food shop, where you can't really get everything you need, but you can get awesome little odds and ends. For this reason, I prefer a Whole Foods. Don't get me wrong, TJ has awesome food. Just not enough of it.This particular one has a large wine selection, a smallish produce selection, and is surprisingly busy for 3:30pm on a weekday. I'm sure it's always busy.
4	Yo Joe why are you reviewing a Trader Joe's? Just to say the selection is great. I'm a little worried about the recalls this chain keeps having. But at least they monitor all of the people that actually produce these products for them. Think your regular chains are in touch with their business partners like that? My vote is no. Anyways, this place is great. I only wish there was one closer to where I live.
5	Excellent store. Wonderful staff. Great products. Reasonable prices. Limited parking.
5	I love Trader Joe's.  I LOVE Trader Joe's.  I love talking about Trader Joe's.  So much so, in fact, that when I get on a roll, my husband has been known to utter, "Honey, you're getting the cult face again."  Now, I grew up and lived until fairly recently in southern California, where TJ's is headquartered. and where most of the country's stores are located, so I was very relieved that they opened this one right before I moved.  I'm not sure I could have handled a cross-country move AND no TJ's (I kid... sorta).There is nowhere that can compete with the variety of healthy or just plain interesting foods that you can find here for the amazing prices that they have!  I regularly find things for HALF of what you'd buy them for at Harris Teeter (let alone Earth Fare).  It's not so big that I'm in there all day, but they have a good selection of many things.  They don't carry everything, so I still do have to shop at a regular store, but I make my TJ's a regular part of my routine.Some favorite items:Tomato basil hummus (they have a LOT of hummus varieties, including a 4-pack)Smokey black bean dip (I like to use this as a spread inside a turkey or veggie wrap)Frozen roasted corn (so nice to add to a chicken tortilla soup or roasted veggie enchiladas, etc)Corn salsa (SO good)Cherry preserves21-seasoning salute (a spice blend.  GREAT prices for spices.  Look, I'm a poet!)Frozen cubes of basil, garlic, and cilantro.  (Grab 2 of the basil ones and pop them into a carton of the tomato soup for a fabulous flavor boost.)The whole cheese section deserves its own mention.  The prices allow you to stock "fancy" cheeses or try something totally new (my 8yo recently insisted on trying a green pesto Gouda) without breaking the bank.There are so many other items I could mention, but I'm sitting here getting the "cult face" again, lol.
4	TJ's is a fun store to shop in and they always have something a little offbeat to offer. I come here at least twice a week and there is always something I end up buying which I did not plan on buying, but that is why this store is here.  TJ's is famous for being a snackers' heaven and my wife and i are snackers so they've got our weak spot. For example, who would ever walk into a store with the goal of scoring roasted coconut chips? Who even knew they existed? I tried them and they were delicious. Moral: expect the unexpected at TJ's. Oh, and expect to purchase it.
5	Let me preface this by saying that I love all Trader Joe's.  I do.  It's a wonderful store.  It supports local farmers, is an equal opportunity employer, and has more than fair prices.  Great chain.That said, this particular location is the best one I have ever been to.  The customer service is out of this world.  Every time I turned around someone was offering to help me, asking how my day was, etc.  It may have something to do with that wonderful southern hospitality that I miss in California, but still.  High five to your staff.Finally, when I returned home I noticed two items were missing from bags.  They were on the receipt, so I called the store.  The manager, Carson, was so sweet and apologetic, and when I went back into the store they looked at my receipt and replaced the missing items.  No muss no fuss, and they completely apologized.Hearts and high fives TJ's.
5	Awesome place, love it!!!  My first time and everyone was so nice. Love the blueberry / vanilla goat cheese and the meat section!!!
5	So, let me get this out of the way first, "This place is frickin great!"  I've known about Trader Joe's for years as they were all over the Chicagoland area but never started shopping there until several months ago after being in Charlotte for a little over a year.  I was going to Petco right next door to get some dog food for my little guy and remembered that I needed to buy some adult beverages for a dinner party I was going to later that evening.  One of my friends told me that TJ's had a great wine selection so I decided to check it out and guess what, she wasn't lying.  I'm far from being a wine connoisseur so I appreciated the little cards that described the flavors of the wine and the perfect pairing.  I ended up getting 2 bottles of wine for about $12.  What'd you say girl?  You heard me 2 bottles, $12!Since then TJ's has been my go to grocery store especially since their products are predominately organic and chock full of natural ingredients.  Even though it's relatively small in comparison to other grocers  don't let the size fool you.  You can find everything you need from fresh produce, meats, frozen foods, snacks, household cleaning and hygiene products to the extensive wine selection.  Aside from everything that you can find in the store the prices are really reasonable (Dare I say... cheap?) and the staff always seems so upbeat and happy-go-lucky.  I love it!  Definitely drop in next time you're near a TJ's.  I promise you won't be disappointed and you definitely won't walk out empty handed.
4	Love Trader Joes. They have the best price on 100% cranberry juice. I love their vanilla protein powder. You can find a lot of organic healthy food here. We use our Trader Joe grocery bags for any store. Professional, knowledgeable, friendly and helpful staff. The bathroom and store is always clean. They always have some free products to try in the back right corner of the store.
4	I love their Corn and Chilie Salsa.  Their produce is fresh and the store is always clean.  I'm not a huge fan of how much their meat costs, very expensive, more than Harris Teeter.  I know you are paying for quality, but my bank account can use a break.  :)  But everything else is on par for pricing and it's amazing what you can get for 20$ there.
5	I love Trader Joe's. Maybe 5 stars is a little overkill but I have yet to be disappointed by their organic offerings. I didn't give them much consideration in my university years considering I was usually quite broke and settled on a steady ramen diet. Lately TJ's has been reintroduced to me through my interactions with folks that focus a lot more on food quality, organics and what's better for the body. It's great to see these off-name brands which I've never heard about and don't give the comfort of having been raised on them as a staple in my diet. And even better, these things taste good. They're not all so different from what I'm used to.Back through the late summer I was baking up pizza homemade style like crazy with the ridiculously cheap bags of raw dough they sell here. They've got wheat and white and occasionally the herb-licious dough which is to die for. Frankly I could just bake and eat the dough all day long. And at no more than $1.50 per bag it's well worth it. In the fall I was quite taken with their pumpkin items. The pumpkin in a can bakes up just as well as the Libby's we all know so well. Or, if you're just a stickler for your 2-buck Chuck (now 3-bucks) you know where to find it.Trader Joe's even factors the slow and simple life into their check out registers. When a cashier needs a bagger they ring a bell. No flashy light shows. And the atmosphere is really just totally chill.
5	I Love this Grocery store, the idea of fresh and Fair trade, buying local, is fantastic!!! Friendliest cleanest Grocery store I have ever been to. The coffee selection is wonderful. Thank you Trader Joes!  please open one in Huntersville, NC
4	I luv luv luv this place from the produce to the organic chicken to the wine. Please come to huntersville !
4	I love this Trader Joe's, I prefer it to the other in Charlotte. It's a stand alone store which is nice and has always been stocked with the items we purchase. They have such great prices on all of their food I can't imagine shopping anywhere else. Especially since we eat organic when possible. You can't beat their $3 wine, it's as good as any basic you would buy for $10 at the regular grocery store for sure.
5	Always stocked, organized, and the staff is so friendly and will actually talk to you like real people. The flowers are always fresh and awesome to be the first thing when you walk in the door, and the carts are always straightened up. And the parking is great too.
5	- How much do I love Trader Joe's?Answer: Well enough that I have emailed corporate begging them to open a store in Hickory, NC. Corporate replied that they get this request often, and I believe them.The store(s) are not large inside, but they have a selection of GREAT quality items. (Their Spanish olive oil is routinely listed in Consumer Reports as being a best buy.)The stores are ALWAYS crowded.They have a decent wine selection. I noticed that this particular store had a great selection of red wines from France.There are some hidden delicacies in the meat section if one takes their time and looks closely. In the same vein, there are items stocked at TJ that are not found in the economy chains. Ground lamb. Wonderful already prepared salads featuring walnuts and balsamic vinegar dressing. Stuffed pork chops. Etc. You won't find THAT at Food Lion. Try the chocolate Whoopie Pies, IF they have any in stock. You can thank me later.....The ONLY problem that I have with Trader Joe's is that it is extremely easy to spend $100, and only have ONE bag of groceries. I know, I did that today. The cashier freaked out when he saw my total and only one bag of groceries. He called a manager over to see what he had wrung up incorrectly. He hadn't made any mistakes. LOL
5	I love Trader Joes! It is easily my favorite grocery store in Charlotte and actually in general. This location is a little small, but it does not disappoint. They have so many amazing choices in the frozen section, especially for someone young cooking for one. The frozen entrees that I love so much include gnocchi, fire roasted red pepper pizza, orange chicken, and mac & cheese. 2 buck chuck wine bottles. I drive very far out of the way just to shop here. Service is amazing as well. Bravo!
4	It was almost dinner time. I was almost home. Just needed a bottle of soda for my wife. Was headed to teeter for fanta, which isn't my favorite but the wife's. But Joe called me. Something told me I needed their colorful walls and bells to cheer me up.I came home with a bag full of stuff. Reduced guilts, chocolaty things, the pink lemonade stuff, and yeah, 3 buck chuck. Spaghetti with meatballs, some wine, chocolate. Dinner was good.
5	This Trader Joe's is huge compared to what I used to shop at in CA. I love it, wish it wasn't so far from me, but I will still be going there every week!
