4	I'm no longer a member of this gym, but I see it has no reviews so (1) maybe this can help someone make a decision and (2) why not get another "first."I have to give this gym some love. I was a member for over a year and it was tremendously convenient to walk 2 minutes from my house to work out. It has all of your basic equipment that you might need to get a good overall workout. The $35 a month I was paying was well worth it simply for the fact that I actually worked out regularly. Unfortunately, I eventually started to get lazy and canceled. I have now joined LVAC and am happy with that decision.Pros:- Small gym with a more intimate neighborhood feel (not so many people).- Convenient if you live in Mountain's Edge.- No contract.Cons:- Small gym with limited facilities (no showers, no pool, no free group classes like LVAC).- Expensive (though they later offered me to sign up again for $19 a month; at that point I was already with LVAC).
5	I researched a lot of gyms in Vegas, and drove by LVF, Golds, 24 Hour. Those gyms were packed 24/7. I chose Snap because its nice, clean, and its wide open. It did cost me about $160 to get in, between first and last, member card, and initiation. But I work out between 9-11pm, and its busy when theres 4 people there. Sometimes i'm the only one there. This gives you pretty much open equipment. Its like $35 a month, which is $6 more than 24 hour, and quite a bit more than LVF, but you have the gym to yourself. I love the place. Its like a locals gym.
4	I've been a member at this gym for just about a year, and I am here every day if not twice a day. It's very close to my house, which is my main reason for joining. The people who work there are very friendly and it's nice that they always recognize me when I come in. Some things I like about this gym:- the equipment is in good shape- there is a good variety of equipment (thanks for putting in a stairmaster!)- the size of the place is adequate- the price is reasonable and there is no long term contract- I feel safe there, even after hours when I am aloneIf I had to offer some constructive criticism:- the FitWipes need to be re-filled more often- the floor around the cardio machines could use a good cleaning- it would be nice if they had some baby wipes and spray deodorant in the bathrooms since there are no shower facilities- it's getting to be uncomfortably crowded during the evening hoursOverall, I really like this gym and my boyfriend now has a membership too. I would recommend it to anyone who needs a gym close to Mts. Edge to squeeze in frequent workouts.
4	After 2 years in hiatus, I finally convinced myself that this body wasn't going to get healthy by itself. Being a major foodie wasn't helping either. That's why Snap Fitness was perfect.It's no more than a 5 minute drive from home in Mountain's Edge, so the convenient drive (sometimes walk if I'm up for it) gives me no excuse to not go. It is small and not much space for laying out mats but efficient enough for a treadmill, leg press and weights kind of regime.The cost of membership is higher than the local LVAC or even 24-Hour Fitness. But that extra $10 I pay saves me $50 on gas for a further drive.
5	Adina is great, the equipment is clean, and there is always plenty of room. They just added a Jacobs Ladder and a stair master. THANKSI get in and out and a great work out!I finally found a local gym that smells good!LOL
4	I want it to give this place 5 stars but the only thing that keeps me from doing so, it's the A/C. The temperature is so cold in there I have to wear a long sleeve at all time even in the summer.  Specially after a long workout you'd been sweating and A/C just keep blowing. I actually got sick from it couple times, if you can make the temperature little warmer please.  Greatly appreciate it, thanks!!
5	This gym rocks. The owner and staff are extremely friendly. Never have to wait to use anything. Its clean and well maintained.
5	I have been with this gym for about 1. 5 years now and I love it!!!  I love how friendly everyone is and how clean it is.  In addition, it is never too crowded to make me feel like I am competing for any equipment.  Most importantly for me though is the management team at the gym....Jackie and Deena.  I feel like I actually have friendships with them and I am not just another number in their system.  Even if they are busy, they still make time to chat with their clients.  Lastly, the gym is so convenient, especially if you live in the Mountain's Edge area of Las Vegas - right off the major highway (Blue Diamond).  Thanks for everything Jackie and Deena!
4	I have not stepped into a gym for almost 20 years. For some like me, going to a gym can be intimidating. All the pretty people and all those machines. After talking to Jeff at Snap Fitness, I was reassured that this would be a great place for me to start my journey back to being healthy and happy. The gym is spacious and very clean. The machines have directions and pictures on them for easy use. The gym is organized in a manner that keeps the workout flowing. I look forward to this location being my  2nd home for 3-4 days per week.
