3	Pizza Brutta is a cute little pizzeria on Monroe Street that specializes in gourmet thin-crust pizzas.  You order at the counter and minutes later your pizzas are served hot from the wood-burning oven. The toppings are top-notch, albeit a bit sparse.  I found the crust to be a tad too thin--I like a little more support for my toppings--but you may disagree.  I did not care for the gelato, which was gritty.
4	This place is perfect for a casual dinner out.  The thin-crust stone fired pizzas are made with excellent, fresh, simple ingredients. This is NOT your pizza chain kind of pizza.  The person at the counter was incredibly helpful in guiding us on our selection, since we had never been there before. I'm definitely coming back!!
3	Good value for a casual lunch.  A Margarita pizza with fresh basil leaves and 2 soft drinks for $10.50. The pizza (10 inch?) was plenty enough in volume for me and my friend to share.The pizza is made fresh the second you placed the order and finished in the stone oven. It tasted good enough, but. I liked Porta Alba's pizza better.  Good sauce, but nothing special, and the crust is .. a-ok. The staffs are very polite and friendly. I'd give the service 4 stars.
4	Pizza Brutta is delicious and affordable for Italian-style pizza. They have good selection of both red-sauce and white individual pizzas for about $10-11. It is plenty of food to take home a couple of slices for leftovers. They cut the pizza into slices for you, which takes away some of the authentic charm of the pizza, but it makes it easier to eat of course! They also have quite a few salads, but I have not tried them. Overall, it is a great place for good food in a casual setting.
4	The first time I went to pizza brutta I was totally impressed. The pizza reminded me of pizza I had eaten in Italy. I like that they use really fresh ingredients and you can watch them make the pizzas. The last time I was there we put our order in and didn't receive the pizza with the toppings we had asked for. They did make us a new one right away, but that was a little disappointing because by the time they brought the correct pizza the rest of us were almost finished with ours.
5	From out of town so can't compare it to other Madison pizza places; however, I had the lunch special - small salad, sandwich and drink all for 8 dollars which was wonderful.  The sandwich was fantastic (Soppressata) with this amazing thin still warm sweet bread that was just incredibly good.  I haven't yet had their pizza but I'll be going back to try it!
3	Will agree with Mio S. Good quality, fresh, friendly pep. Actually their salad looked better than pizza.
4	I really like this place. The brick-oven pizza is simple but excellent. The prices are reasonable and there is almost never a wait. Probably some of the best pizza I've had in Madison.
5	It's best not to think of it as "pizza".   "Pizza" has too many implied connotations.   Think of it, instead, as the one of the most masterful and carefully devised confluences of flavors, textures, and delicious substances that human civilization has heretofore rendered.  Go there to experience the most rarified culinary alchemy that fire, bricks, and top-flight ingredients could ever conspire to  (WATCH as they make it - - don't just go sit down!).But don't expect to fill up your tummy and leave all roly-poly jolly - - I don't think it is possible to leave feeling all stuffed up, and anamalistically sated (like you would, say, after a Mexican combination platter with beans and rice with unlimited nacho buffet, for example).   This is not the place for that particular sort of specialness.Go here, instead, to go spiraling on crispy discs, way high above the clouds.   (Then, if you really need to, you can go pig out on chips and dip somewhere else later).Long and short:  at Pizza Brutta, the pies are truly high-flying pies - -they are otherworldly.   Phenomenal phenomena.
5	I don't believe I've ever eaten better pizza.  Brutta's got absolutely amazing wood-fired crust, unbelievable sauce and the freshest, best toppings you can find.The atmosphere is pretty good, too. I love the giant brick oven just behind the register, the pictures on the walls, the big windows facing Monroe Street and the cozy space.I don't recommend going on an empty stomach, however. The pizzas are smallish and thin, and they'll put a dent in your wallet, for sure. But for the best pizza ever? I've gotta give 5 stars.
5	Loved it.  Perfect thin and charred crust and great toppings.  Very fast service for a busy place.  Better than the place at Hilldale.
4	Thin oven fired pizza that was made from scratch. Would return.
5	Delicious wood-fire oven pizza made from scratch at the time of ordering.  Ingredients are all tasty, and the pizza is sure to satisfy even the most scrutinizing critic.  They have Sprecher root beer on tap.....mmmmmm.  After sampling just about every pizza place in madison, if not every one, I can confidently say this place serves up the best dish (at least if you like thin crust).  A little on the pricey side, but it's worth it.  Trust me penny pinchers, this will be far superior than your chain pizza slop.  Try it.
5	As much as I think the midwest is really the heart of ethnic cuisine in America, it can be very hard to find good thin-crust pizza in this part of the country.This place is a notable exception.  The pizza here is a culinary masterpiece: delicate, thin, light, immensely flavorful, artfully constructed, and reasonably priced.  I rarely have pizza this good outside of some that my particularly talented friends have made me in their homes.I simply cannot give this place less than five stars.  This place could easily hold its own in the thin-crust pizza capital of the world, New Haven, Connecticut, and I have sampled many of the big-named pizzerias there.  It could also survive easily in New York, and could probably double its prices there.Without a doubt the best pizza I've had anywhere in the midwest.  A true asset to the city of Madison.
4	YUM! Delicious and fresh wood-fired pizza. I like the casual atmosphere and the location on Monroe Street. Good variety on the menu, great prices, too. The Brutta salad is delicious and you can't go wrong with the pizza!
4	Have to agree with the last reviewer. Being from New Haven I have ridiculously high pizza expectations (ask my husband, I can be a real pizza beotch) Wood fire, brick oven, super fresh ingredients = awesome pizza. Pizza gets 5 YUM stars, Ambience gets 3. 1-Sometimes it's really chilly there. I can imagine the pizza chefs are dying next to that oven. 2-It maybe a kid friendly place but you get the occasional screaming kid tearing down the aisle with the parents ignoring them. I'm not anti-kid, I'm anti-rude parents. Grrr!3- The chefs have a horrible predilection for playing loud Grateful Dead music. Barf. Try the Rossoverde or the Diavola. So very, very tasty.
4	Its better than its competitor in Hilldale if you ask me.  The pizza is good, ingredients are fresh and I like its casual ambiance.  There are sometime a LOT of kids in the place but that's part of its charm.  It can get packed during rush times but tables turn quickly.  Don't be one of those people who grabs a table before you order.  You screw up the flow when you do that.
2	A bit overrated if you ask me. Don't get me wrong, it's good, but Natt Spill has brick oven pizza that is just as good if you ask me, especially for the price.
5	Excellent.  Local ingredients, dough made from scratch, baked to perfection. The only thing I could use is a spotted cow. Oh yeah, they have that too.
4	Pizza Brutta is the perfect local pizzeria. If you're a fan of neapolitan pizza and can handle burnt crust bubbles, definitely check it out. They serve up tasty pizzas with fresh ingredients in a casual atmosphere. They don't allow reservations, but tables turn quickly. The staff is friendly and always willing to grab me some Parmesan. I highly recommend the Greco with olives, artichokes and feta.
3	I really like this place and my wife doesn't.  Mediterranean Pizza.  Good prices. Light on the toppings though.  Which may be good for some.  Fresh ingredients, lots of selection and  brick oven baked.   They get a little lower mark from me because it is a bit small and atmosphere could be a lot nicer if they were larger.  They are sort of part casual dining part fast food diner.  3 of 5 stars for a casual dining experience.
4	Went to Pizza Brutta for a weeknight dinner with a friend and it was delicious. They have a variety of unique and fresh toppings and ingredients, making it fun to decide what you want to order. The one thing I would say was that the staff was a little off-putting, but we didn't have to deal with them much. I would recommend Bruttas for sure! Brick oven makes the pizza even more delicious.
5	Oh.... man. Best pizza EVER. It was so delicious. If it weren't so pricey (worth every damn penny) I'd probably eat there way more often. Slightly out of my price range but definitely a place for special occasions/when you feel like being fancy.
4	Great pizza, fun toppings but not overloaded like American pizza.  I could have skipped the salad but would recommend getting the bread as a side if you're a big eater, the bread is AMAZING, as is the pizza but if you're used to American pies your tank might not be completely full.  Service was super fast, it wasn't very crowded but we went on a weeknight during the school break.
5	I think I haven't reviewed Pizza Brutta because there aren't words to describe how much I love this place! The pizza is amazing, crispy and delicious, there are some interesting toppings but I am a sucker for a good margarita pizza, wow, do they have a good one.  I took my Dad and he picked the basil off...can't take him anywhere!
4	The pizza and salad were really tasty and fresh. The brick oven is a nice touch which makes this place one of a kind in the area. Nice atmosphere, cute and welcoming.
5	Friendly, local, relaxed, easy, and delicious.I especially recommend the tre colore pizza and the lunch special: half-sandwich / half-salad.
4	Any place that supports organic and local ingredients is good in my book.I came here with a couple of friends and the cashier was very helpful. He answered my questions about the ingredients and recommended some awesome pizzas. There are so many to choose from!It's pretty yum and feels home-made from an oven-fire. I think the best part is that because the ingredients are so fresh, it tastes homey. Would highly recommend this place for a first date or casual get-together. Something about the vibe of the place feels intimate and vaguely romantic. Maybe it's the colors or the pictures on the wall.
5	Delicious pizza. When done right, all food can be a near spiritual experience. Brutta does that for wood-fired oven thin crust pizza. It is delicious. Great local, handmade, organic ingredients, fresh, simple, perfect.Yum.Cons:  A bit expensive, and it will not fill you up like a cheap delivery gut bomb (think any national chain),
5	Amazing pizza!Came for lunch with family - didn't know what to expect when we walked in and saw the ordering counter.  However, the staff was patient with our confusion and helpful with the menu.The food was incredible, everyone loved it!  The Bianca pizza was an especially big hit.  I also enjoyed the Caprese sandwich with the fresh mozzarella.  All of the pizzas are made using organic flour and house-made mozzarella.  The handmade and local ingredients truly make a difference.  Can't wait to go back and try more of the menu!
5	Yum!  Charming little wood fired pizza place, with pizza that packs a punch and can I tell you the Caprese salad was one of the best that I have ever had.  Nothing compares to house made Mozerella.  Also the Greco pizza was so good, so simple but so good.  Feta, greek olives, red onions, cherry tomatoes on a chewy wood fired crust (no sauce just a little olive oil, garlic and oregano).
5	I've probably been 20-30 times  even though I moved away from Madison shortly after it opened. Every time I am back in town I go back.Easily the best pizza in town. In fact one of best pizzas ever in my book - and I have had a few. Fresh ingredient and very tasty thin crusts. They  bake it in a stone oven and you can watch if you want. Pretty fast and good selection. Always Grisham service. Easily one of the best food places in Madison - and during my 8.5 years in town I went to tons of restaurants.
4	Solid pizza, small but carefully selected draft beer offering, and great location.  Not really Neopolitan style, but different from traditional pizza (in a good way).  If I was a local, I would regularly dine here.  As a visiting parent, we usually will hit it.
4	Pizza Brutta is really quite good.We were initially pretty surprised at how few people were there on a friday night, but they seemed to be doing a brisk takeout business, so I decided to not ruin my meal by worrying about whether this tasty tasty pizza place was going to have to close its doors.Atmospherically, Pizza Brutta fell a tiny bit short for me. I liked the layout and casual service style (open kitchen, order at the counter from an extremely friendly person), but I thought the dining area should have been classed up just a bit to match the style and quality of the food. The giant coke machine in the middle of the dining room was especially off-putting.Food was good, though. The salad was simple, composed of high-quality ingredients, and well-dressed. Every leaf of arugula was fresh and the goat cheese was well-chosen. i could have lived without the "flat bread" served with it, but it didn't really HURT the dish. We had 2 pizzas (one bianca, one rosso), which were very good. My only criticisms are that they should have been more generous with the green olives (hint: if you're putting a topping on a pizza, there should be enough that every slice will include some), and that the crust could have been a bit more chewy and flavorful. That said, I've eaten at a lot of very serious pizza places in other cities and this crust was not a disappointment, especially given the limitation of using organic flour, it just wasn't the BEST I've ever had. All in all, we had delicious 2 pizzas and an entree size salad, which was plenty of food for 2 people, plus 2 beers for just about $40 with no hassle on a friday night. We'll be coming back, probably a lot.
5	One of our FAVORITE places in Madison!  The best pizza in Madison, hands down. The crust, sauce and fresh toppings are all perfect, and the salads were fresh and delicious as well. (sylvetta salad was our favorite} The location always made it a great outing,located across from Trader Joe's and near Art Gecko.  We mill Pizza Brutta! This will be a spot we will not miss next time we are in Madison.
5	Really excellent crispy thin crust pizza.  Simple, fresh, and flavorful.  We really enjoyed the Margarita pizza, which arrived within 10 minutes of placing our order.  Loved the chewy, crispy crust and fresh ingredients.  Will definitely be back!
5	Went here while visiting from out of town. My husband and I shared a pizza and a small salad. Yum! I can't remember exactly what we ordered but the salad had a blue cheese on it and was delicious. The pizza we got had a variety of cheeses. The pizza is super thin, but with the salad and one beer I was pretty full. My husband could have probably had more ;) I really like that they use mostly organic ingredients. I also really enjoyed the red sauce. It was probably the tastiest and freshest red sauce I've ever had. This place is definitely worth a visit if you're in the area!
4	The pizza was very good and came out to our table quickly!  Great flavor and so many options to choose from!!Very fresh and great ingredients.  Great pizza and could be best in Madison.
5	The best pizza in Madison by far.  Light and flavorful, worth every penny.  The portions are very good for an individual to savor with stuffing yourself silly.  Ingredients are high quality and fresh.  They have a check in deal that I was able to take advantage of to try their signature margarita pizza.  Simply the best!
4	This place is pretty good. I'd rather give it a 3.75, but a 4 will suffice. The crust is incredibly thin and the sausage is almost minced. Besides that, the service is FAST and the place is excellent for children.
5	The pizza is quite lovely and I thoroughly enjoyed my margherita with mushrooms. The fresh basil, the sauce, the mozzarella-- all above average. But what I was most impressed with was the level of service we enjoyed here on Tuesday night. This is an order-at-the-counter local spot and they only serve what they do best- pizza and salads. They also offer a smattering of beers and wines by the glass. The only white I saw on the menu was a pinot grigio, which I ordered. The owner, who took our order, looked high and low but could not find a bottle of it anywhere. Naturally, I was disappointed because- well, I was craving a glass of cold, white wine. Back at the table, our salad came and I contented myself with water, when suddenly, one of the boys from the counter walks over, smiling, with a glass of white wine and said, "We seem to have found some white wine. It's on the house." Other people in my party reported having seen this same guy walking in moments earlier, clutching a bag with what appeared to be a wine bottle protruding from it. Honestly, in this day and age, it is so rare to find a place that cares this much about customer service. We have family in the area and I can confidently say that we will be back-- for the food, yes, but also for the people who treated us like family. You can bet that we tipped big for that little favor! =)
4	We have been to Brutta a half dozen times and the food is consistently great. Finoccio pizza is a favorite, and the large salads are big enough to share w/3-4 people.Derek (owner?) has been uber-accommodating to my partner, who has a wheat allergy. She brings in her own crusts, and they load it up with any toppings she'd like.Friendly, kind service + terrific pizza & salads + good wine or beer. Perfect for a relaxed night out with friends or sweethearts. A consistent favorite.
5	Best pizza in Madison period. Simple, straightforward place with fresh ingredients.
4	I've been here at least two dozen times since I moved to Madison a year and a half ago, so it was about time I gave Pizza Brutta a review.I've eaten several of both the rosso and bianco offerings.  While nothing has absolutely blown me away, the pies are very good.  Brutta uses good quality ingredients, which make a huge difference in a pie.  My favorites are the procuitto and arugula and the nostrano.  My only complaint is that sometimes the crust gets a little soggy.  It'd also be nice if they offered pies with guanciale and speck......my favorite cured meats.Service is always fast and friendly, and the prices are excellent as well.  Overall, Brutta deserves four stars, in my view.  I'm also comparing it to pizza joints in other cities, such as Mozza (my gold standard), Delfina, and Keste, so I'm holding them to a higher standard!  Great place and definitely worth your while to try out!
5	The folks at Pizza Brutta CARE....  and CARING is what it's all about right? Caring makes good pizza, good business, good vibes, good town. Ask, "Do these people give a S**T?"At Pizza Brutta, YES they do- an 800 degree pizza oven, nice people taking your order behind the counter, fresh ingredients right there front and center being put on the pies as you order and nice guys bringing it out to you in about 2 minutes!  I hardly had time to take off my coat and get my water w/ lemon slice.800 degrees cooks that thin crust FAST and HOT! They make their own fresh Mozz!!I would put a touch more oregano in the red sauce but, hey, that's me.This is not the place to go if you want a huge pie to share with 4 others. All pies are about 12 inches and made to order. No slices for lunch.  I can't wait to go try the "white" pizzas. A salad at the next table looked yummy.Space is warm with wood tables and chairs and booths. Not fancy, just pleasing.Just fast, hot, fresh, delish thin crust pizza.  YAY for restaurants that care.
5	Great pizza. Yes, it's kind of expensive, but comparable to what you'd pay for a pizza like that in Italy.  Don't think of it as "just pizza". Think of it as a high-quality, tasty entree, which it is. Salads look good, but haven't tried recently. Take advantage of the check-in deal!
5	I was really hesitant to go here despite the glowing reviews and top star rating for Madison pizza mainly because after looking at their menu it seems a bit "fancy" for me in regards to some of the toppings I don't even know what they are to be quite honest.  I don't consider myself a "gourmet" guy really but I do know good pizza so I figured despite the appearance of this place on here and how their menu read I"d give them a try.  Well I"m glad I did because this has got to be the best pizza place here in Madison.  I tried the greek salad (side) and the pizza diavola.  I decided to add sausage and red onions.  I think it's a little odd they only do one type of pizza size here but hey I'm cool with it because the pizza is so damned tasty.  Others have raved about the crust and how fantastic it is and you can add my voice to that list.  I think I seriously could just eat this crust by itself with nothing else at all on it.  It's just that good.  But that's not the only thing that's great here, the sauce is very minimal but just explodes with flavor when it blends down in with the crust.  And of course the toppings are all very fresh tasting and also simply are very, very flavorful.  The whole thing just pops of taste in each bite.  The greek salad was good as well and a pretty good deal for $5 for the side salad.  It was quite large and I feel it's a great value for the money.  Of course the pizza isn't too cheap since what you're getting is basically going to feed one person, maybe two if each of you have a salad and aren't big eaters but you're paying for the top quality here for this pizza, not quantity.  So if you're like me and not a real fancy gourmet type guy don't be intimidated or think you're going to get this pizza and think, eww what is this weird stuff.  Instead you should give it a try because it's really indescribably good!  And if you don't know what some of the toppings are, just use google to find out!
5	Today I walked into Pizza Brutta for the first time and I certainly do not regret it!  The food was amazing, fresh, and very well balanced flavor wise.  The bread especially blew me away (I had the caprese sandwich), and the service was excellent.They were having some trouble with the credit card machine when we went up to pay for our meal and they told us our food was on the house since we didn't have any cash on us.  I was really touched by their generosity and made a special trip over to Trader Joe's across the street so I could go get some cash for them.  No way was I not going to pay for such a great meal!I will definitely be going back!
5	YES. Eat here. Don't ponder, just do it. So good. Friendly people. Fast. The Greco is one of my favorites here. Happy eating! :)
1	Love brick oven pizza (I have on in my backyard!)  Pizza Brutta disappoints greatly.  Crust is suprisingly below average.  Toppings are average.  Many better places to go for good pizza.  I have been here four or five times and have been dissappointed each and every time.
5	No doubt the best pizza I have ever had. The most amazing pizza Margherita that I have ever tasted in the US. Pizza Brutta all the way.
4	Just ate here for dinner. I picked up the pizza and by the time I brought it back to the hotel it was cold. However, the flavors were still good and the ingredients were pretty fresh. Sometimes... cold pizza just hits the spot. Really friendly service as well.
5	Tiny, top-of-the-line flatbread pizzas served on a crispy, fire-licked crust. If anything you have to try this place just because there's no pizza I've ever had that tastes anything like it. Everything is fresh - and by fresh, I mean they make most of their ingredients in-house and clearly rely on local/organic farmers for the rest. To even call this pizza implies that it's somehow on level with garbage you get delivered to you on football Sundays.Those other pizzas have their place, but it's not here. This is an entirely different category of food - no globs of tomato sauce, no processed cheese, no pre-made ingredients or conveyor-belt ovens or heat lamps or frozen crusts. This is the only pizza I've had where I don't try to suck out the grease with a napkin prior to consuming.  You come here for Pizza Brutta pizza, and what you'll get is as unique an experience as you could hope for.
4	Loved the Pizza, will come back.
5	These babies rock! Flat, crispy, and oh-so fresh. Grab a salad while you're at it!
5	Oh man! The best just got better! Gift cards, boys and girls! Perfect for dads, grads, and birthdays. Nothin' sez love like a fire roasted fresh everywhere flatbread pizza creation!
4	Rarely do I find true Italian Neapolitan pizza in the U.S. These guys are very close to what you will find in Rome.  Me likey! Me likey!
4	Pizza Brutta is a nice little brick shopfront on Monroe Street that surprises you on entry with a decidedly low-key interior. The benches and floors are dark wood, and stucco walls studded with small photos and images of slice-of-life scenes of Italy surround the 'L'-shaped interior. The space can be somewhat noisy as there are few soft surfaces present.Unexpectedly, it is more of a cafe than a restaurant. You queue up to order at the counter -- the wood-fired oven is visible in the back -- and they begin to make your pizza right there. Then you take your seat and they bring it out to you. I had been expecting more of a normal restaurant place, but it doesn't really matter and this is probably more authentic anyways. Besides, you're here for pizza; ambiance is secondary.And the pizza is good. I went with the 'Rossoverde' and it was a great choice. The crust is thin and simple -- crispy where it should be and chewy where it should be, too. The sauce was light, flavorful and savory; in reality, it's little more than crushed tomatoes and its all the better for it. The cheese, prosciutto and sauce were all in balance and the pie was blanketed in arugula; it was as if a salad was served on top. All-around wonderful.They have a good sized menu with sauce topped and olive oil topped pizzas, salads, and a fair selection of Italian style beverages like San Pellegrino sodas. Beer and wine is available but I can't explain the lack of an Italian beer such as Birra Moretti or Peroni, the latter of which is excellent with pizza.I'll definitely be back, and recommend you go as well. Delicious!
1	I'm really confused about all the rave reviews for this place.  We went last night based on a neighbor's recommendation and the yelp reviews. We ordered 3 siciliana pizzas, and all three were completely charred black on the bottom.  All had a charred chemical taste to the pizza.  The pizza oven at the back had smoke coming out of it.  I've been to wood oven pizza places before, and never experienced anything like it?We asked the staff about this, and the teenage "chef" at the oven rudely stated that that was how the oven made them and nobody else had ever complained.  Whoever owns this restaurant should be ashamed.
5	Absolutely delicious!  Great choice of ingredients (super fresh, good veggie choices).  My kids loved the buffalo mozzarella cheese pizza!
3	The pizza was good, but the toppings were really, really lean. I ordered the fennel sausage w/ green olives (which my husband ate) and there was hardly any toppings AT ALL. Not that I want it piled on, but it was mostly crust. Not impressed. My husband had a half greek salad and the dressing was good. I enjoy brick oven crusts a lot, so this was right on, but wow -- totally skimped. Guess this Chicago/Northern Illinois girl is spoiled by what she gets. I don't think we'll be back when we go to Madtown.
5	Ok.I have been searching for this pizza since I vacationed in Italy back in 2010.  Pizza Brutta blew me away yesterday.  I always like to go with the margherita when trying a new, Neapolitan style, pizza place.  Theirs was absolutely delicious.  My husband went with the Rosso Verde which was also incredible.  Both pizzas looked like they were hand delivered to our table from Italy.  Perfect amount of toppings - not TOO many, just the way it SHOULD be.  They were chewy and slightly charred, perfectly tomatoe-y and the right amount of salty  - just the way they SHOULD be!  Perfection, truly.  Staff was incredibly nice and I loved the counter service style of the place.   Oh right, and not only is their pizza brilliantly delicious - their gorgonzola salad was also amazing.  Holy crap was the dressing delicious.  Pretty sure I'm going to move to Madison so I can eat Pizza Brutta whenever I want.
4	Any place that has a check-in offer for a free pizza is a-ok in my book! Sure you have to buy another pizza to get the free pizza, but whatevs... 2 incredibly tasty Neapolitan pizzas for around 10 bucks? Yes please!
5	I thought my freeza days when I graduated. Wrong!  Pizza Brutta has the best check-in deal in town.  Buy one pizza of any kind and you get a free bianca, formaggi or margherita pizza. True Neapolitan pizzas are made to perfection in a wood-fired oven.  The ingredients are (mostly) local, applied appropriately, and result in a pizza that actually tastes like something.  On my most recent visit, I had the salami e funghi (tomato sauce, fresh mozzarella, Genoa salami, kalamata olives and mushrooms) and the formaggi (crushed tomato, oregano, fresh mozzarella).  The crust, as usual, was spot on and the flavors were well-balanced.  An added bonus: the mozzarella is house-made. I can't wait to go back and try even more of the menu.
5	Pizza is amazing and tastes like it does in Italy.  PIzza margherita is perfection.
5	Pizza Brutta had a "Yelp Check-in Offer" that we really couldn't refuse. The BF and I were sitting at a Starbucks deciding where to have dinner and of course using our favorite iPhone App--Yelp! And we noticed that PB was offering a free Margherita pizza with the purchase of another regular pizza. We jumped in the car and headed over! The crust was soft and melted in our mouths. The ingredients were so fresh the basil/spinach leaves looked as if it had just been plucked outside. The sauce was so flavorful and fresh. I really can't emphasize I how fresh the food was. I will be coming back even without being bribed with a Check In Offer.
4	So we picked Pizza Brutta for our inaugural move-in day Madison pizza.  Yelp played a big part in our choice, of course, and we weren't disappointed.  Wood-fired brick oven Neapolitan style seems all the rage these days, and I've been usually satisfied with the results.New Glarus on tap gets one star right off the bat.  Add another star for a yummy field greens salad with roasted beets.  And two stars for the thin yeasty chewy crust full of fresh veggie options and that excellent 'Sconnie cheese.  Yep, I think I'm really going to enjoy living in this state.
5	They use fresh ingredients, a wood-fired oven, and you can tell they love what they do and take pride in what they serve you.  Is there anything more you can ask for?  I live 1200 miles away and wake up craving their pizzas.  Also, if you've never had fresh mozzarella, you will be blown away.  Get the caprese salad, which features giant hunks of it alongside fresh tomatoes and basil, all drizzled in olive oil and sprinkled with sea salt.  I'd recommend a specific pizza, but you can't really go wrong with any of them.  Pizza Brutta will change the way you think about pizza.  You may never order delivery again.
5	I love and often crave true Neapolitan pizza that is cooked in wood-fired oven.  It's not your typical american style pizza - it's made with fresh dough that bakes into wonderful soft chewy crust in minutes.  They put on just the right amount of fresh toppings.  My favorite is buffla mozzarella basil and tomatoes which is called a Margherita.  Yummm!  they aren't grease or overly heavy. The butterscotch pudding was a great way to end the meal...yummmy!Sadly I live in the Chicago area so I only get to Madison once in a while for work.  But this is now on my list of places I must stop at when I'm town.
5	The pizza is excellent and so are the prices. I would rate Pizza Brutta higher if I could.My gripes: I wish they offered delivery, table service, full bar and more food options. Whatever...The pizza has been amazing over the years, nuff said!
5	I absolutely love this place. The only negative I can think of is that they only serve their sandwiches during lunch. They have this one sandwich with pesto, mozzarella, prosciutto and arugula - it is to die for. I haven't had it in months and I still think about it every time I forget to bring my lunch to work and I am sitting at my desk trying to think of what I want to eat. Yeah, it's pretty memorable.Their pizza is also fantastic. Just be prepared to eat an entire pizza yourself. Don't try to share one, it's not big enough for two people, and you won't want to share it.This is by far my favorite pizza place in Madison. Just be aware, this is a wood-fired, thin crust, minimalist style pizza focused on the ingredients. Those who are fans of stuffed pizzas filled with 12 toppings may not like it so much.
3	My dad and I were looking for a place to grab dinner. After reading the outstanding Yelp reviews and seeing the Yelp Check-In offer, we decided to check out Pizza Brutta.We walked in and my first impression was, "Holy crap, there are a ton of kids in here!" It was Tuesday night around 6:00pm...is this when every family in the Vilas neighborhood goes out for dinner? Anyhow, we figured out quickly that you order at the counter. We walked up and saw the menu items on the board above the register, but there were no descriptions of each item. I then saw the menus on the counter and grabbed one. We decided to try the salami e funghi pizza and the Finocchio (crushed tomato, oregano, pepper flakes, fennel sausage, green olives, red onion, fontina, fresh mozzarella, and we added banana peppers), plus the free check-in brutta salad (spring greens with an olive oil/balsamic dressing). The salad came out quickly and was tasty. The pizza came out shortly thereafter. I picked up the first slice, the pizza flopped over, and half of the toppings fell off. WTF? I thought thin crust was supposed to be crispy, or at least firmer, especially when using a brick oven. So I had to use a fork to eat about half of the piece, until I could pick it up. This was my biggest qualm about the place. The pizza was good, toppings were fresh and abundant, the sausage was outstanding. The staff was super friendly. I'd love to try some of their other menu options. Lots of interesting pizza topping combinations and the beet salad looked amazing! I'll definitely go back, but maybe next time I'll ask for the pizza to be cooked well-done.
5	LOVE the wood-fired, thin-crust, crispy pizzas! There are two different styles of pies: with tomato-based sauce (rosso), or with olive oil and sea salt (bianco pies). My friend and I tried the prosciutto arugula bianco pie and the nostrano (sausage, red pepper) rosso pie. Both were really flavorful, but we were surprised by how much we both enjoyed the bianco pie; the flavors were rich, yet light, and elegant. Great (and super reasonably priced! Around $5.50/glass) wine list, and they serve the wine in these super-cute, unassuming little cups. Only negative is that it's not a super cozy/cute atmosphere. Order up at the counter, and the tables are benches. Not much of a negative though considering the quality of the food.
4	I love this place. I have been there twice and gotten the caprese salad (which was a special) and the pizza both time. It's definitely a delicious place to go :)
4	I am not a pizza lover -usually.  I don't ever plan to go out for pizza, it just happens. We're running errands and it is fast and so we eat pizza. My husband, however loves pizza. I mean, LOVES pizza. He loves deep dish pizza, which is my least favorite. But, like most pizza lovers, he just loves any type of pizza.If I'm to have pizza, I prefer it thin . This is why I loved Pizza Brutta. We were on our way out of Madison and my sister in law recommended this place. We loved it! When we go back, we'll make sure to visit them.The owner stopped by our table to see how everything was, so that's nice.
5	So Good.  I was looking for some brick oven pizza and it was so good and tasty!  Best in Madison for sure.
5	Prior to discovering Pizza Brutta, I ordered a lot of pizzas from Rosatti's and was honestly pretty happy about it. But I can now tell you...I'd been living a lie!The first time we walked in to Pizza Brutta, I was the guy disappointed about the lack of a pepperoni pizza option (your judgment is painful!), but was quickly cured by the Pizza Diavola. Salami, peppers, fresh mozzarella and just a little bit of basil on a Neapolitan pizza. For me, Pizza Brutta is set apart because of its fresh ingredients, excellent variety and wondeful flavor. And, if you just want to pick it up and take it home - no hour wait here. 10 minutes if they're not busy and 15 if they are.I will continue to throw money at them as long as they throw pizzas back.
5	Seriously, just take my money @_@ this place has great pizza. The Neapolitan style crust is perfectly charred, crispy yet chewy, and oh so delicious. Top that with prosciutto, arugula, mozzarella, red onions, and olive oil, and we're golden. I liked that the arugula, though not baked into the pizza, was not overwhelming as it can sometimes be. The balance between the bitter and salty was just right. I also sampled the diavola from my friend and that was pretty good, too. The tomato sauce worked very well with the peppercini (kinda spicy!) and salami (yum).The only thing was that it was a bit crowded when we got there with no open tables in sight, but the turnover rate is pretty fast so we were able to get a table by the time we got our first pizza.  At some point the line almost got to the door, but it quickly shrunk because of how fast they were at churning out pizzas.Oh and apparently on Wednesdays if you order a bottle of wine you get a free margherita pizza. I guess I know where I'm going this week :P
5	Pizza Brutta may not be the most well-known pizza place in Madison, but it should be.  Serving the epitome of authentic Neapolitan pizza, the pizzaiolo (pizza chef) at Brutta handcrafts pies that combine  moist house-made mozzarella cheese, hearty tomato sauce, and hand-stretched dough into beautifully charred masterpieces. Paired with fresh and flavorful toppings, these pies are not to be missed.Two friends an I split two pizzas and a salad, which was a perfect amount of food for dinner.  We ordered one pizza from the "Pizza Rosso" menu (pizza with crushed tomato sauce) and one "Pizza Bianco," a style that forgoes the sauce in favor of a generous drizzle of olive oil. Both were delectable.Our first pizza, Salami e Funghi, combined the bold flavors of salami, crimini mushrooms, and kalamata olives with fresh mozzarella and crushed tomato sauce. The salty meat and olives perfectly complement the slightly sweet sauce and creamy cheese, with the mushrooms adding a smoky earthiness. The crisp, flavorful crust held these ingredients together beautifully, and was also delicious when eaten by itself.The Prosciutto and Arugula was more subdued, yet equally impressive.  The stars of this pizza were the prosciutto, sliced razor-thin and layered generously across the pie, and fresh mozzarella, a familiar favorite by now. Olive oil, rosemary, and red onion provided a more subtle sweetness than tomato sauce, but were a nice balance to the bold and complex flavor of the prosciutto.  A pile of fresh arugula and freshly grated parmesan provided a hearty finish. And again, the crust shined in its own right.Along with our pizzas, we also enjoyed a wonderfully composed caprese salad.  Thick slices of mozzarella were paired with roasted local tomatoes, a hearty crusty bread, and a generous drizzle of olive oil.  Refreshingly simple and quite delicious, the salad was a wonderful addition to our meal.Pizza Brutta not only offers artfully crafted pizzas made with world-class ingredients, but does so with reasonable prices and exceptionally fast service. A well-deserved 5 stars.
5	I don't need to endlessly pontificate on this one; some of the best Neapolitan pizza in the Midwest.  Brutta is easily up there with Spacca Napoli in Chicago, Punch in Minneapolis and Il Ritrovo in Sheboygan.  Their commitment to local ingredients, ie. Iowa Prosciutto, Midwest flour and vegetables from the Dane county area, make them truly unique amidst similar restaurants.  The space itself is casual and efficient.  The prices are great.  My one complaint is their beer/wine set-up.  Each time you want a refill you gotta get back in the line (often reaching to the back door) just to get a refill.  Now, I've worked in the industry long enough to know that you can make some good dough (pun intended) on alcohol.  Why make it so difficult to get a refill?  Perhaps they could put a busser on filling drink orders?  Or maybe allow drink orders to be filled at the pizza takeout counter?  Either way, they really ought to rectify that...nonetheless, I won't let it taint my 5-stars.
4	Enjoyed the pizza and service was good. Would go again forsure.
5	I really love great pizza of many different kinds.One of my favorite types of Pizza is classic neopolitan style pizza.  They do a very, very good job here.  its a place that combines great taste in the food with genuinely good food.  I really like that they use organic flour and I think you can taste the difference.The salad was even really good here.  If I had any little nitpicking gripe it would be the proscuitto they use is domestic and not from parma italy but most people won't pay for that so I can bust their chops too hard!!! Great place if you want to try classic well prepared Pizza
5	Fabulous pizza and great staff!  Wonderful combinations of sweet and savory if that is your thing.  Kid friendly without be overly kiddie.
5	This place is good.  Go, you won't be dissapointed.  We love the caprese salad as it is fresh and the mozzarella was fantastic.  I wish they would use just a little less olive oil however.  We have had many of the pizza's on the menu and they are all good and the prices are really reasonable.  I like this place, we will be regulars here and it is in our top 5 places to go.  Yelp tip....get the Wiso pop coupon after you check in.  Another yelp tip:  If you want to leave a tip have cash with you.  The credit card slip doesn't leave room for gratuity.
5	The pizza is amazing but the BEET SALAD is even better.  My husband and I went here after a friend recommended it (plus it's right across the street from Trader Joe's, so you can eat there before shopping to avoid doing groceries on an empty stomach--never a good idea!)We split a Lombardo pizza and a small beet salad.  We left satisfied (although I could've eaten a pizza on my own, it was great!)  We will definitely be back to try one of their white pizzas.
3	Coming here after being "rejected" by Bluephies that had lots of customers on Mother's day, so yeah, this place was our second choice, but not a bad choice. Coming here for the first time, I was enticed by their wood and fire stone. However, I couldn't give more than 3 stars, because the menu and the way to order the pizza is a bit confusing for me and the cashier (or whoever taking the order at the counter) didn't really help me with that. I was given a long list, but I was unsure what to get. And she seemed to expect me to know how to order the food right away, like any regulars. Luckily my companions who have been here often helped me. As I can't have any pork product, the menu seems to be limited. Still, I could get something. And it wasn't bad, I think. I remembered I ended up having all veggies pizza, as the meat products they have are pork. I may be back to try something else, hopefully I'll be more an expert on ordering their food.
5	My favorite pizza in Madison.  The dough is great, and cooked quickly in the brick oven.  My daughter enjoys watching the brick oven cooking process, which you can see from most of the restaurant.  Always has a few pretty good local beers on tap, and tasty homemade pudding for after the pizza.
4	Pizza with integrity sounds kinda ridiculous but these guys strive to deliver real Neapolitan pizza with local ingredients and succeed...in spades. The Salumi plate is fantastic and the Pizzas simple and delicious. With minimalist pies you can taste and enjoy each ingredient so each part has to be good...and it is.
4	Inconsistent quality and service costs them a star.First marinara pizza was a five star -- needed more blistering and they should replace basil with oregano, but the charring was absolutely perfect, as was the sauce -- best sauce ever.Second marinara pizza was only 3 stars -- crust was burnt.Beer choices were 3 stars -- one so bad we didn't finish (spotted cow???), the other really good (red ale???).Here with a large group.  Some orders were messed up and some corrections of those also messed up.Overall a good experience, but we've had much better -- 4 stars.
5	Get a bunch of friends, pick your own pizza, and share!This place makes the best personalized pizza ever, with their crispy, slightly brunt crust, and delicious toppings. And the pizza is pretty thin, so you won't feel too terrible after devouring every slice. You seat yourself, and then go up front to make your orders. I highly recommend their Nostrano, Diavola and Prosciutto Arugula pizzas!
4	Good brick oven pizza. Ingredients very fresh and tasty. Only complaint is sometimes the pizza gets greasy and soggy.
5	This is my favorite pizza place in Madison, the taste is incomparable.The price is a bit much in terms of volume of food per cost, but that isn't much of a negative, as it's a result of the smaller amount of dough involved in their ultra-thin, ultra-delicious Neapolitan style wood-fired pizza. Quality over quantity, and oh, what quality.I prefer the default margherita pizza, as nothing more is needed beyond tomato, basil and mozzarella, but there are many topping options to choose between, and none of them are anything but the finest quality. The dough is simple and perfect, only the necessary ingredients, so the flavors show through.The quality does anything but dip as one ventures beyond the pizzas to the realms of fabulous salads (roasted beet with honey balsamic is my pick), and the lunch only "Pane Brutta" sandwiches (I absolutely love the caprese, probably more so even than the pizzas).Do not leave without consuming the butterscotch budino dessert. Don't question it, just let the taste take you away.The only downside of this institution I've found is the slightly high price point, but it's a faint complaint, and so much else is praiseworthy, there's no good reason to drop below five stars.
3	It was a bit disappointing as I was expecting top notch napoletana pizza.  Crust was overly soggy and not nearly as good as I have had at Versace pizzerias.
4	A gem for fresh za in madison! Not the cheapest price for quantity but the quality of the za makes up for it. Beer selection is a little weak...but hey it's a small pizza joint and the za is the feature item! True pizza lovers will enjoy this place.
5	Went to Madison for a weekend get away and had an amazing meal here. The place is super legit. Great, moderately quick food at a reasonable price, with a ton of different menu options.
5	Absolutely incredible magherita pizza with buffala mozzarella. Crust is thin, fresh and not overly chewy. Next time we visit, we'll be buying one of their delicious homemade baguettes to go. What a great introduction to pizza in Madison!
5	Lazy hazy day reading bread porn (Chad Robertson's "Tartine Bread") interrupted by my boyfriend getting hungry. We went to Pizza Brutta and I had a great opportunity to indulge in the real life versions of the *crusty* *fire-baked* *sweet* *tender* *airy* crust that I had spent all morning reading about and mentally cursing the San Franciscans who can so easily go to Tartine. But not to worry because Pizza Brutta is there to give you Madisonites the closest we can get.It's sooooo good! And so local! And so brick-oven-y!And their homemade mozzarella is soooo much better than mine!My favorite order: Pizza Diavola. But I would like to give a whoop-whoop for their lunchtime sandwiches as well.They also have an ample supply of the Isthmus so you can get your crossword on while you pizza.
5	This was unexpectedly amazing. There were kids everywhere, kind of smelled like burning, but the pizza was amazing. I got the make your own with Gorgonzola and peperochini (sp?) AMAZING! Others had the harvest tomato, and the motz, which were also great! A little loud overall, but the food makes it worth it!
5	Simply the best!My husband and I were in town, carbo-loading before a long bike ride, and hit Pizza Brutta twice in a week.  Yeah, it's that good!I stick with the tried and true.  Their pizza Formaggio is sublime.  We also had the pizza Finocchio, with green olives, fennel sausage and onion, as well as the Rossaverde, with prosciutto and arugula.The thin crust is devine!  So tasty and delicate.  I ate very last bite of food.The pizzas come out of the oven quickly, perfectly cooked.  Pizza Brutta is the real deal!  It is simply the best pizza I have ever had in my life.
5	Can't go wrong with the Prosciutto & Arugula. Good texture, fresh arugula, and you can see it being made and fired.Don't like the water here (I think it's a Midwest thing), but the cherry bomb Wisco pop is amazing. Tastes like cherries, not cough syrup.
5	Really really delicious brick oven pizza. I had the margherita pizza with pepperonis and it was so tasty and fresh. And you can't go wrong with brick oven pizza! Totally recommend this place!
5	As a pizza fan Brutta is on my favorites list. Always consistently great.
4	Descriptive phrase: traditional pizza, straight from Napoli.Pizza Brutta is one of those little restaurants that you always love going to. It's in a classic old building on Monroe across from Trader Joe's. The inside features lots of wood and is well-lit from the front windows. There's plenty of seating in the long entry-way, with some more tucked in a back corner. When you walk in you'll file down the right side all the way to the counter. Here you can watch as they make each order fresh in front of you, with plenty of delicious ingredients, and then pop it straight into the wood-burning brick oven. I've been to Napoli, Italy; this is how it's done, people. You're not getting much more authentic anywhere in this hemisphere.This time I got the Rossoverde ($12), which is one of their most popular. It features fresh tomato sauce, basil, prosciutto, parmesan, mozzarella, and loads of arugula. Their pizzas don't appear very large when you get them, but for personal pizzas they're more than filling. The arugula was fresh, and you could taste it in each bite. The sauce is barely there, but featured just enough to hold everything together. I'll always want more prociutto, but there were respectable amounts of that and cheese.My only minor complaint, and it's more of a note, is that the pizzas are so thin that they become droopy with all the toppings. It's a balancing act that they don't always get perfect, between not burning the crust but making sure the middle is fully cooked. That being said, don't be afraid to messy-up your hands and dig in. I'm drooling just typing this.
5	The best pizza ever made. Period. They only come in one size though, like a small. But its superb. Sometimes I eat two pies.
2	Pizza Brutta gets 5 stars for the food, but 2 stars for the atmosphere/ambience. I was expecting a more intimate experience. Instead, it was a noisy, messy college crowded restaurant, with very little seating. The tables are very close to one another and you might as well join the conversation next to you, cause you can hear every word they're saying. Lucky for them, the pizza is amazing, so I'll likely go back. In the future, I'll consider take out, or going during off hours.  I suggest you do the same.
5	Wood-fire pizza, yummy. The owners have obviously studied how to make authentic pizza. The seasonal pizza are wonderful. Go there with kids, they will enjoy being able to watch their pizzas being made. Quick service, too.
5	Good classic Italian pizza straight out of a brick oven. There's nothing fancy about this place, just good pizza, good atmosphere, and good staff.
4	Awesome wood-fired pizza with a very casual vibe. I've had a few pizzas here, but I like sticking to the classics...oh, and the fennel sausage. Their great personable service helped me pick out my pizza and pack up when I was done.Only downside: buy the water, don't get the tap. It's not filtered, and tastes weird.
5	The pizza is sooooo good! The food is very authentic, but a little expensive. Pretty fast service, and it is a great little gem! Good luck finding parking, but it is totally worth it!
4	The family and I were looking to try something different and we elected to a visit to Pizza Brutta.   I liked the fact that Pizza Brutta fuels their brick oven with wood from sustainable woodsmen and that they partner with local and organic purveyors for most of their ingredients (free-range Prosciutto from La Quercia - yes, yes, YES!).  The kids, well they like pizza, so things were off to a promising start.  As mentioned by other reviewers, the ordering process for newbies is a little confusing.  Thankfully, I read those reviews before my initial visit, so I negotiated my way to the cashier and the friendly staff helped me place my order.  Yelp saves the day again!We grabbed a booth near the over and we enjoyed watching the kitchen staff assemble our pizzas.  The oven kitchen is highlight of the rather austere interior.  It mainly wooden booths and tables with some Italian food-based posters mounted on the walls.  Definitely a kid-friendly venue.  In addition, I did appreciate the chalkboard that highlights some of the local suppliers used by the restaurant.We ordered a loaf of the Italian bread and some cheese bread as appetizers.  While I enjoy crusty bread, I felt this crust on this narrow loaf was too difficult to chew through.  We partially alleviated this problem by thinly slicing the loaf and softening it up with the wonderfully grassy olive oil served with the dish.  The cheese bread was excellent, just a little too heavy-handed with the rosemary. As for the pizza, there was a lot to like.   The tomato sauce was stellar - it had a wonderful balance of savory, sweetness and acidity.  The crust has both bite and chew, a hint of natural sweetness and serious flavor.  And the La Quercia prosciutto on our pizza had incredible texture, a sweet finish and just melted on the tongue.  For $12, the Rossoverde pizza was a great value.There were a couple of negatives.  As mentioned by Liz B in her review, the crust was soggy in the middle of the pizza.  It was unable to support the toppings.  The Rossoverde pizza had far too much arugula - the bitter leaves dominated the taste buds until we harvest some of the greens from the pizza.  Finally, I wish there was more of that magical prosciutto. In summary, Madison has an embarrassment of riches when it comes to pizza and Pizza Brutta does nothing to harm that reputation.
4	Yum! I love neapolitan pizza, and this place does it well. I had their caprese salad, which was made with pesto instead of fresh basil, which was a nice twist. The roasted tomatoes on it, though... amazing. I love clever alterations to classic dishes. My pizza was a little over done, making the crust inedible, but I also came in 30 minutes before closing so I am cutting them a little slack on this. For some reason, the cheese would just not stay on my pie, making for a very messy experience, but it tasted so delicious that I really didn't mind. I definitely recommend for anyone looking for a good pizza place in Madison!
5	What happens when you take a North Dakota Farmer with a meat science background? A pizza that kicks ass!Pizza gets bonus points for being:-authentic neapolitan (they use tomatoes from san marzano!)-brick oven and wood fired (you can really taste it!)-fun, unique and TASTY combinations-perfect size- so you can get TWO and taste more (especially if sharing!) -excellent serviceI have had almost all the pizzas- can't go wrong- they are all great!Perfect pizza in the midwest(Oh- last time I was there- I took an extra to go and eat the next day- just turned my oven on to the highest it goes for a few minutes- perfection!)
5	Er. how could I have not written a review about my favorite pizza place in town. and in the US! Classic, italian thin crust pizza. With the freshest ingredients, sourced locally whenever possible, made in a italian standard brick oven. So delicious! I can't say more. You just have to TRY IT.You enter through the door, there's a small corridor that leads you to the cashier. If you can't get close enough to the hand written menu above the cashier, there are printed menus found along the side of the corridor! There are several categories of items you can order - salad, sandwiches (lunch), pizza and drinks. There are two types of pizza, bianco (olive oil based) or rosso (tomato based). My favorites are cremini (olive oil based with mushroom), salsiccia (sausage with mushroom, olive based), proscuitto arugula (olive oil based), magherita con bufala (tomato based with buffala mozzarella; I like adding anchovies on it too! And the smoky taste of mozz is awesome). My new favorite is the special salad caprese - made with fresh moz, tomatoes and pesto. comes with olive oil and bread! To end the meal, you have to get the caramelo budino. Best one in town. smooth, with tasty cream on top and smooth caramel on the bottom. Not too sweet, like how italian desserts are. Love this place!!!Just a note, most weekends they are really busy, so prepare to wait. Or, you can order ahead and get take out to eat in the comforts of home!
4	A local favorite.Wood fire pizza made to order! Many of the ingredients are local, it's acceptable to swap/make substitutions with ingredients, and service is friendly and fast.It's very casual and you'll see students, families, couples.
5	Best authentic pizza in all of Madison. Absolutely amazing. If you are looking for something like Ians (big pieces, typical toppings) this is not the place for you.
5	Spoiled by New Haven style pizza in Connecticut for many years, I could not eat any pizza when I first arrive in Madison. Until I was introduced to Pizza Brutta. I have been a fan since my first visit. Authentic and tasty Italian pizza, real oven, made to order, fast service, reasonable price, can't really think of anything to ask from this place. Everything is just perfect. Plus, I like it so much better than Chicago's deep dish style. Prosciutto Arugula is my favorite, but I have tried at least 10 different pizzas on the menu. Never once I was let disappointed.  If you are sharing, make sure you get both red and white pizzas so that you have good variation.
5	Despite living in Chicago where there are so many food options, my favorite authentic brick-oven pizza place is a small mom&pop operation in Indiana. I first was introduced to the place about 8 years ago. I never thought I would discover a place that could come close to rivaling my Indiana heartthrob but Pizza Brutta unexpectedly has put up an amazing fight for number 1. It's hard to describe exactly why Brutta pizzas are so good; but the freshness of the ingredients and the baking know-how and capabilities definitely are part of the package. The true secret, however, is the sauce. It is i-n-c-r-e-d-i-b-l-e. I happened to stumble upon this place when I was in town last weekend (after reading a few Yelp reviews) and was so blown away, that I returned for lunch two days later before heading back to Chicago.  Madison, you're a lucky city.
5	Great! Was very organic and had a great body. I was worried that the 10 inch with a side salad was small for two people, but it filled us up. Recommend for those who love authentic Italian pizza not for those who crave toppings and extra cheese.
3	some gouddda pizzzza, though expectations were high so ehh.ingredients are fresh, kept simple. all about minimalism. classic thin crust dough. twas good, but didn't blow me away. although I've never been one for thin pizzas (unless it is Ian's..they do their crust so right: crispy, yet doughy, so good). dough here was a bit on the gummy side?? if that's a thing. we tried:pizza bianca - olive oil, basil, garlic, fresh mozzarellapizza rossoverde - basil, prosciutto, parmesan, arugula, mozzarellacustomized pizza of mozzarella, parmesan, fennel sausagealso ordered the caprese salad - tomatoes, basil, housemade fresh mozzarella, olive oil, sea salt^^delicious.not sure which pizza was my favorite. all were pretty aight flavor wise. their pizzas are on the smaller size, so if you are starving, you should order six of them and you could probably polish them off just fine..*exaggeration*I'll be back to see if they can't impress me more next time.
5	If you can't decide on a lunch spot come to Pizza Brutta. Don't think about it. Just do it. When you get here order at the counter. It doesn't really matter what you order because it's all delicious but I suggest a Rossoverde pie and the caprese salad. Wash it down with a Dale's Pale Ale.  Service is always fast and courteous so don't forget to drop a few bucks in the tip jar. After all, you're eating delicious food for a really low price point. Don't be stingy.
4	Great casual atmosphere.  Quality ingredients, Excellent wood-fired pizzas, salads, and sandwiches.  Been here many times, always been a good experience.
5	My favorite pizza place in town!! Place you orders at the counter, and watch your pizza being tossed and baked right in front of you! Everything here is locally-sourced and made from fresh ingredients on the spot. Once they have your toppings sprinkled on the pizzas, they slide them into a traditional brick oven! I like how the crust is thin, so I could have more slices at one seating and savor the delicious sauce and toppings on them. Their attractive items are the bianco pizzas, made with olive oil base and sea salt. My personal favorites are cremini from the bianco series. The cremini and the mushroom puree blends in so well with the olive oil base i can't help but wish for more each time.Their fladbreads that come with a tinge of rosemary make for good refreshing appetizers. You can order it with or without asiago cheese. Pizza Brutta has a nice seating area with around 10 tables or so. Good enough for dine-in, or you can just order ahead for to-go orders. I don't think they deliver, though, otherwise I will find myself having a lot more of their pizzas for sure.
5	After travelling to Italy, I can legitimately say that this is as close as it gets in America! Pizza Brutta uses all fresh real ingredients (as much local as they can) nd cooks the food right infront of you in their brick oven, what more van you ask for?!  I have ordered multiple pizzas here but my favorite will always be the Margarita con buffalo pizza. Its a basic margarita pizza (mozzarella, tomatoe sauce, basil) but it has buffalo cheese too and oh my gods its fabulous! I admittedly stick to pizza everytime I go but i hope to eventually branch out to their fantastic looking salads and sandwiches.
5	I work on Monroe St and for some reason I always forget this place exists.  The pizza is so delicious though and every time I have it I vow I will eat there more often.
4	Great pizza, great atmosphere. Gorgonzola and caprese salads are terrific. Check this place out.
3	I ordered the Olivetto and was pleased. If you're looking for greasy, cheese laden pizza, this isn't the place. It's fresh and the crust is plentiful. I think they could have been more generous with toppings considering the price. this pizza won't drag you down and fill you with grease, and I finished the single serving pizza fairly fast all by myself, left feeling full. If you want fresh, healthy, wood fired pizza, this is the place. The staff were all very friendly and helpful, helped us through ordering our first time. I would give four stars but I think it's a bit pricey.
5	Wow! I have been there a couple of times and its some of the best pizza in Madison! I had the Salsiccia one time and the Diavola most recently. Both pizzas were excellent! In fact, the only place I get better pizzas is out of my backyard, where I have my own Wood Fired Pizza Oven.
1	Although Pizza Brutta does have some pretty amazing (and authentic) pizza, and tasty salads, I have to give the owner and his team a major thumbs down for what happened today. I placed a $550 order for lunch catering three weeks ago, all to be completely forgotten about. Upon calling to confirm my 11:45 delivery, the owner was completely baffled. I love to support local business and local food, but unfortunately Pizza Brutta is off my list for making me look like a complete idiot (and disappointing a large group of people looking forward to the food I was raving about). The owner was understandably frazzled, but offered no compensation or reconciliation for his and his team's mistake. The suggestion to go to Subway or Jimmy John's was pretty appalling as well, since the whole premise of Pizza Brutta is to support local business, local food and local culture.In sum: good pizza, but the team needs to get a better handle on catering. I'll have to enjoy my authentic Italian pizza at Cafe Porta Alba from now on!
2	The pizza had great potential, the ingredients all tasted very fresh. Unfortunately, the pizza was burned very badly and gave a very pungent bitter taste.  I've been to Europe several times, and this would be considered garbage for Europe.
4	Delish!Very low-key Neapolitan pizza place in the Monroe neighborhood.  All the tables were full but the noise level was low.  We snagged seats at the counter which we prefer anyway.We got:Gorgonzola salad: drenched in dressing so not exactly healthy but it was real wisconsin gorgonzola so it was delicious.Flatbread: free if you check in on YELP! (I think the deal is for a free bread with oil but they were out) rubbed with rosemary-smells so goodFinocchio:  green olive, red onion, sausage with red sauce: the fennel from the sausage is REAL strong.  I love that but be warned.  I could use more red sauce.Salumetto: Salami bacon and asiago cheese. We asked for arugula to be added on top and they did not skimp! It was so spicy and fresh.Dinner came to 31$ and we took home about half of it!  Such a good deal.
3	I visited on 10/26/11 for lunch. The girl working at the counter seemed almost annoyed we came at an off-peak hour. I asked if they served coffee and she there's two coffee shops next door. A little sarcastic, not very friendly. Had I not already paid I would have just gone next door for coffee AND lunch. The bread for the caprese sandwich was good,  warm and slightly toasted. I understand that caprese salad is generally served chilled but on a sandwich, it tasted off. Like warm and flakey on the outside, cold on the inside. Decent but not enough to entice me back anytime soon.
5	Greatest thin-crust pizza I've ever had!! I'm normally a deep-dish person, but that honestly weighs your stomach down sometimes -- it's just so refreshing to eat thin crust, and it's a different experience for me because after every slice of pizza from here I always want MORE. My go-to pizza is the Salumetto, as I have quite an affinity to all things meat, and Pizza Brutta incorporates this perfectly without being overwhelming at all. On a vegetable occasion, I'd recommend anything they have with arugula -- let it wilt down a bit, and the spicy, soft greens perfectly complement the crisp, thin crust. If you're a light eater, half a pizza is usually enough, but as a light eater myself, I have days where I need an entire pizza to myself.Their sandwiches are also top-notch as well. My favorite is the PLT (pancetta arugula tomato) and I must inform you that this is no ordinary sandwich. First of all, it's made inside pizza dough (+1) and it had a smoked tomato aioli (+2). Not your typical ketchup and mustard type of sandwich.It's in a great place southwest of Randall stadium, but if you can't make it there on a lunch break, I highly recommend taking the time to venture here.
5	Delicious pizza. Took about 5 minutes to cook and it was extremely light and tasty. All the ingredients were great and the size was definitely enough for a hungry 20-something.
5	Vying to be our favorite pizza place in Madison... Lots of great options and very good gluten free crust (they cannot vouch for no cross-contamination but we've had no problems). We also love the salads. Good for both eat in and take out. Worth the wait, if any.
5	This place is the bomb. We stop here on the way back and forth to my bf's family's farm in Wisconsin as a halfway point - and more importantly for an amazing meal and possibly the best Neapolitan pizza I've ever had outside of Italy. Our standard order is the sylvetta (arugula) salad, a Diavolo and a Bianca. We love sharing one red, spicy pie and then the white, garlicky deliciousness that is the Bianca. SO.GOOD. The crust is perfection. Thin, just enough char but never watery or sloppy - and yet still so thin. All the ingredients you can tell are incredibly fresh. Throw in a New Glarus or $5 montepulciano and it's seriously a perfect meal - and all for about $25 (minus drinks). Plus we always have leftovers that are great the next day when cooked in the oven at 500 for a few minutes. This place is truly a gem and not just for Madison. It's our favorite over any Neapolitan style pizza in Chicago. Try it!
4	I like the simplicity of the pizza and the feel of the place. The pizzas are satisfying with good flavor. Ive tried various red and white pizzas though I have no paticular suggestion. Go with what sounds good
5	We happened upon Pizza Brutta while walking along Monroe St. I have recently gone gluten free and usually don't have many options when I eat out. I was excited when they told me they could make any pizza gluten free. The pizza was delicious! It tasted like (or better than) other brick oven gluten pizzas I've had. My boyfriend was impressed with his regular crust pizzas. He said it was probably the best pizza he ever had. I highly recommend Pizza Brutta.
5	FAMILY FAVORITE !!  yes we love it,  and while  the prices are creeping up  it is still a family fav!      Make sure you park underground across the street- under Trader Jos for free.  Otherwise parking can be tricky in the busy neighborhood.    Outdoor seating would be a great addition.
3	Great pizza variety.  We had the Rossoverde & Olivetti.  Very tasty, however 2/3 of the crust was soggy on both pizzas.  Need to take your time cooking it to get center finished.  Beet salad was really good.  Would come back.
4	The service was great and the pizza was authentic.  Great job!We came in with 6 in our group.  We will be back.
5	Pizza Brutta may be my favorite restaurant in the Monroe neighborhood, which is a mighty feat. They make excellent single serving pizzas, as well as very good & reasonably priced salads. This is because of their ingredients. They locally source nearly everything, from the meats, the veggies, the cheese, and even the beers, and it shows. It doesn't hurt that they also cook the pizzas Neapolitan style, so it makes the crust thin, crispy, and tasty enough to eat alone! My go to pizza there is the cremini, which is just flat out delectably savory with the fried onions, mushroom puree, and fried mushrooms. If you can take mushrooms, it's a real treat, and it ranks highly among my favorite madison pizzas. And don't forget to check in there on Yelp! They have a deal where you can get a free bread and oil.
4	Totally on point for all visits!  Haven't been disappointed!  Their seasonal salads are super and memorable.
5	I was sure I reviewed pizza brutta already. This might well be my favorite pizza in Madison (actually it ties with cafe Porta Alba). Only thinking about it makes me want to go grab some!Anyway, crust is perfectly cooked (crispy, yet soft) and well leavened (light and doesn't sit on your stomach or makes you groggy). Toppings are well balanced and in the right amounts, with both classic and creative options.Simple, delicious pizza for curing your carb cravings!
4	This place is tucked away on Monroe St. but lively inside on a Friday night. Great atmosphere and easy walk-up counter. Had the margherita and nostrano and both were delicious. Crispy crust but chewy. Beer and wine, too, and everything reasonable priced. Definitely will go again and try a few of the salads, which looked really fresh.
5	Very authentic and delicious Italian pizza. Fresh and tasty and very reasonable price!
5	Came several times with my friends. Very good quality and authentic Italian pizzas! Reasonable price and a good variety of pizzas; they are all organic! Will recommend it to other friends ;)
5	OMGOMGOMGOMG I will never get over how good the pizza is here. Being from the east coast, I've been a bit disappointed with the pizza choices in Madison. You would think that with the world's best cheese, the world's best pizza would follow. wrong. While I'm still looking for the perfect pie-style pizza, this is amazing gourmet/personal pizza.I almost always get the margherita pizza with buffalo mozzarella. I've always wondered whether the buffalo mozz makes a big difference, because it's a few dollars more expensive than it's boring regular mozzarella counterpart. Take it from me, it's definitely worth springing for the buffalo mozz!!! Their red sauce is also incredible, so if you opt for a more adventurous pizza, make sure it's one with red sauce (I'm a little biased against white pizza). It's a little dark and tavern-y inside, and i haven't yet had a problem getting a table (though parking is a different story). I have had mixed experiences with the service here. Once I ordered a pizza and was in a hurry and they forgot my order.... and they didn't offer me any kind of discount to make up for it. In fact, I think they gave me someone else's pizza and then threw in another one. But honestly there is nothing that could take away from how good this pizza was. It just added even more suspense.PS one pizza is really only enough for one person. I'm a petite female and can finish one on my own.
5	Never disappoints- just tried the Rossaverde with arugula, prosciutto, red sauce, parmesan and mozzarella... Just as good as the others
2	I would really like to give PB more stars. The place is nice. They have decent wine and beer, although not a large selection. The crust is awesome as many have noted. My issue is that they have great toppings, at high prices, yet put so very little on.  If one orders more than one topping the small amounts, when the pizza price has skyrocketed, are very disappointing.  Better to go to Naples 15 or Porta Alba if you love Neapolitan style.
5	Very good pizza, we had the Prosciutto Arugula, perfect dough, fantastic bread as well (good crust, a bit chewy inside, as it should be). Nice interior with exposed pizza oven, these guys love what they do so they do it best!
5	Fresh, fresh and FRESH!Outstanding food and unusually fast service (3 min for salad & app and 6 for 'za's). All in with drinks & salads about $10/p. If you're dining in - get your table prior to ordering.Highly Recommend
5	Yummo! I don't give 5 star ratings too often, but Pizza Brutta deserves it! I friend recommended Pizza Brutta for lunch after the Women's Expo. I ordered the four cheese pizza aka QUATTRO FORMAGGI. OMG. It was so so good. My daughter ordered the kids pizza with sausage. I ate her crust. That was good too. Seating was available and service was fast, friendly, and helpful. Prices were super affordable. Pizza Brutta had everything...except parking, but we can all use a little excursive right? :)
4	With ingredients like prosciutto and burrata on the menu I would be pretty surprised if anything tasted less than delicious. I'm super happy that they offer all of my favorite goodies to put on my pizzas! Pizza Brutta could take it to the next level (and star) by crafting slightly more creative flavor combinations for their on-the-menu pizzas or improving the crust consistency just a bit (I'm picky though). I like how fast my order comes out.
4	Good pizza, and lots of options! A pleasant atmosphere, though the music isn't what I'd call a "cool soundtrack." Really, though, they coax a lot of flavor out of simple and fresh ingredients, and they have a nice, soft crust. A great alternative to the greasier, junkier (yet just as tasty) pizzas from Ittza Pizza, Toppers, and Pizza Extreme. I probably prefer it to higher end pizzas served from Roman Candle and Glass Nickel.
3	I met a friend for lunch at Brutta today - it wasn't bad. We ordered two pizzas - we chose salami for the one we had with meat. I probably wouldn't do this again. The Salami added a lot of salt without any discernible flavor. The veggie pizza had better and subtle flavors. I may be spoiled for life after spending a week in Milan where all the pizza was great - it was all wood fired, inexpensive and made with exceptional ingredients. But back to Brutta. I would be happy to go back and give it another try. I thought the ingredient choices were good, and the overall product was above average for the Madison Pizza scene. I try to never compare a Neapolitan style pizza to any other type of pizza after  reading a "professional" reviewer in the Madison area comparing and her Neapolitan pizza at Cafe Porta Alba to the local Cheesasaurus Pizza at another Madison Pizza joint. She complained that that the toppings on the Neapolitan pizza was just to skimpy.  It's simply silly to compare a very specific style of Italian pizza to a uniquely U.S.-Wisconsin style of pizza. This said, I would say that Brutta out performs Cafe Porta Alba by a long shot. The crust at Brutta has a nice crisp bottom, but maintains a good chew factor and mouth feel. Look if you are going to eat pizza, eat local pizza - Brutta is a solid choice, just not my favorite pizza in town.
3	Had the a fennel sausage and smoked mozzerella pizza. There was very little flavor to the sausage and to the whole pizza overall until I doused it with parmesan cheese. Also there was little to know smoky flavor the cheese. A definite disapointment but still alright pizza. Thus my rating is dropped to 3 stars.
4	This pizza is really really frickin good. I like the arugula. Go here when you go to trader joes. The other restaurants aren't as good
4	Best pizza in Madison! Delicious food made from fresh ingredients, fast service, clean dining room. Love going to Pizza Brutta!
4	Best neapolitan pizza in town. Probably tied with Ian's Pizza for the best pizza in town - Brutta is very traditional though.
