3	I've been watching this Lowe's and the rest of the development rise up from the dirt for two years now. So I'll admit that it was somewhat exciting for Lowe's and the other businesses to finally open. I checked out the new Lowe's yesterday. It's pretty much your typical Lowe's. The plants and landscaping section was nice and had a wide variety. The rest of the store looked like and was laid out like every other Lowe's I've ever been to. There's a nice familiarity in that because it makes things easier to find in the ginormous store.
4	I had never tried Lowe's before but when the snazzy Home Depot near Uptown didn't have half the stuff I needed I started going here.  That Home Depot is closed now, and it's pretty obvious why.  Customer service at this Lowe's has been really good in my experience.  Things can be a little pricier than expected but they've had everything I've needed for my various little home improvement projects.
5	Love this Lowes. So close to Uptown and Southend. Once Home Depot Design Center closed, this became the main option for us city center folk. Garden center is great and the staff has always been helpful. I've memorized the layout of the place and since it's 5 minutes from my house, I'm a frequent visitor...check it out...
5	This is definitely going to be my "go-to" for my home improvement needs!!!  I had gone to home depot for a project that I'm in the midst of as the HD is closer to my home, but had an awful time finding someone to help me and when I did, the gentleman pointed at the item and then walked away when I turned, I wound up asking questions to a bunch of steel framed doors.  So, I left and took myself to Lowes, thankful I did.  I got to the department with the doors and was immediately asked If I needed any assistance.  The employee, Daniel, was extremely helpful and had taken the time to answer all my questions and concerns and now I will be able to have my completed storm door installed soon!!  Whoop whoop!
4	I'm usually not in this neck of town, but this Lowe's would be where I go if I needed anything for a project or hardware related items.I was in a little bit of a rush when I went in here looking for some locks for a locker, but the greeter at the door greeted me warmly and asked if I needed help locating anything.  I was already mid-bolt to the key/hardware section which is easy to find with the sign-age, but stopped and talked to him a bit... he realized i was in a rush and let me go on my way.... it's hard to get that sort of service now-a-days.
1	While I really like Lowes, this store has given me horrible customer service twice in a row :( I brought in pictures of some molding I needed to repair and the gentleman who I asked assistance from barley glanced at them, then told me to purchase these tubes of white lighting adhesive, saying "That's what I always use". (the product is this: http://images.lowes.com/product/converted/023275/023275362222lg.jpg) What he failed to tell me was that I also needed a special gun-like too to dispense the adhesive. So there I am, 930 at night with hopes of painting the next morning (needing 5 hours dry time for this stuff) and I had to get this stuff out without the proper tools. Nevertheless, I was livid. So I went back the next day and told his dept manager what had happened and simply said "I just wanted you to be aware of this, so that you can tell him to be more complete in his instructions!" and do you know what he said? "I'm sorry, but I don't know how you wouldn't know that you needed a tool for that".WHAT?! I am 24 years old! I just bought my first home!? I CAME TO YOU FOR HELP WITH PICTURES BECAUSE I AM THAT LOST ON THE SOLUTION TO THIS PROBLEM!!!And you're blaming ME?! I can't go in to the mental profanity that went on inside me after he said that, I simply walked out and will never return to this Lowe's again. Home Depot Wendover forever!
4	Confession - I really, REALLY, dislike home improvement stores. I'm serious. I have horrid memories of my parents, my brother and I going to Handy Andy and Ace Hardware as a kid and being bored out of my mind. There's just not much to play with at these stores, I suppose. Therefore, it's a big, big deal that I even *like* this Lowe's. While hubs will drag me here to acquire the necessary home needs (lights, Christmas crap, paint, etc.) my favorite trip is actually when we head on over to the garden center. The employees are really nice and quite helpful - especially when I'm overly honest and ask for plants and herbs that are hard to kill. Yes, I've really asked them that...on more than one occasion. They have tons of foliage that will keep your thumb green, nice looking planters and plenty of pretty options. Thanks to Lowe's I had rosemary that lasted all year long and harvested about 10 pounds of fresh basil growing in a planter on my back patio. That's right, even I can't kill basil. Winning.
4	Had to stop in here recently for a piece to fix the plumbing under our sink. Had never been to this location before, but had driven by a number of times. Parking lot is set up a bit strange, can be hard to navigate when it is crowded. Store was laid out very nice. Clean. Everything we needed was very easy to find. Everyone who worked there that we ran into was very nice.I'll be back next time I need to fix something!
5	awesome store.  location is fantastic and it's still a large store so you're not sacrificing selection or services because of the more urban location.I believe their hours adjust with daylight savings time so be advised during the winter they're only open until 6 on Sunday and 9 other days.There's also a security service patroling the parking lot which is nice.  If it's ever real busy or there's long lines check out the cashier down at the other end of the store where the lumber is--seldom a line.
4	very helpful staff and one of the best lookin lowes i have ever seen
4	Screw going to the bar, next time I want to see some hot guys, I'm going to Lowe's!I maybe go to Lowe's once a year whenever I'm getting ready to move or need something specific. I wasn't too psyched about going to this location since I thought it would be packed and a madhouse but it was pretty subdued. I am not into home renovations whatsoever but if I had my own house with projects to do, I could totally see someone getting lost in here for hours. The employees are super friendly and steered me in the right direction when they saw the deer-in-the-headlights look in my eyes walking in there. And the guys-good lord-the guys!!!  Next time, I'm dressing up and slapping some lipstick on.
3	My opinion about the difference between Home Depot and Lowe's:I think that Lowe's targets the ladies a bit more.  Think about it.  The lighting is more like that of a grocery store than a warehouse.  Lowes' are usually smaller and IMO a bit more havigable than HD.  The music tends to be more of the soft pop variety at this location.  Now, not that these soft touches are what make me want to shop at this Lowe's (proximity is all, really), but those are just my observations.  Anyway, here you can get your hammers and nails and removable window screens and whatnot.  At a price that is not more than at other similar places.  Overall okay.
5	This Lowe's gets bonus points for its location.  Located in Southend, not too far from uptown - it is super convenient.  The staff  is always so friendly and I'm almost always greeted by someone at the front door that is prepared to answer my questions!  Recently, I rented a steam cleaner and when I went to use it...it started spitting out clumps of someone else's black hair (gag!)  I had to clean it out before I could get started.  When I brought it back, I explained to the customer service center what had happened and they refunded me the full amount of the rental cost. I'm not a huge home improvement girl, but if I gotta go - it's to this Lowe's!
4	This Lowe's is a bit different than ones I've been to before. The parking lot seems so clean and bare. I guess because it backs up to a neighborhood and I'm used to hardware stores with huge lots in more spread out business areas. When I go, it's usually not too busy and I can get in and out. Anyway, it's huge and carries a good selection of everything. They have a well stocked garden center, which is fun to stroll through and excite your green thumb. They also have special carts that will lock up on you if you take them too far away from the store...I read that somewhere, really, not from personal experience.
3	Closest home improvement store to my girlfriends place so we frequent here when we need those little nuances to keep maintenance up at her place.  The layout is similar to all other Lowe's and I appreciate that b/c I hate going to places like this and it being stocked differently from one location to the other.  We've all been to different Harris Teeters and experienced that frustration I suppose.  Clean store, friend service...my only recommendation for these stores is to align the exit and entry doors a bit closer so depending on where I walk in I don't have to walk a country mile when leaving.  Kinda stinks when it's bad weather.
3	There was just this one thing that I needed and I couldn't find elsewhere. And while I didn't want to shop at Lowe's, it popped up on my horizon and knew that if someone else didn't have it, they surely would.As with all of these big box hardware stores, everything is very clearly laid out and the prices are clearly marked. When you find the right section (I'm usually in hardware), they have a ginormous selection. How many different picture hangers are there? Well, you'd be surprised and Lowe's stocks all of them.Keep an eye on the endcaps and "specials" bins. I found a neat curved jaw locking wrench. A tiny thing, I couldn't resist the $1.98 price!Security patrols the parking lot and they have free wi-fi.
2	It use to be that you could walk into a hardware store and everyone knew everything about where things were and what you needed. That is not the case, at least not at this store. I stopped by for several items. I caught an employee while I was looking at light bulbs to replace my flood lights and it took him 10 mins to find me what he thought was the right bulb. He did take the time to confirm it was right but had to walk over and call someone.Next I asked for a small propane tank. Easy enough except propane is kept in different areas depending on what its used for. So the first guy sent me to tools for the small propane tank I actually needed but on my way there I was a little lost and asked another employee for help who sent me all the way back to grills. Everyone was so willing to call out row numbers of where things were but no one offered to take the time to show me what I actually needed.Needless to say I bought the wrong Item. I went back and I was waiting in a really long return line when the only positive part of my experience happened. An associate was walking by and I told him I had purchased the wrong thing and asked where the correctly thing was and what it looked like. He said he'd be right back with it and took the time to walk all the way across the store to get me what I needed while I waited in line.  The return was easy. I wish I had met Michael during my first visit.
3	It's the closest location to home and it does a find job of supplying us with what we're in the market for -- potting soil, grilling contraptions, squirrel/bird feed, small project items, etc. My only complaints are the parking and the staff. It seems like Lowe's had a half-brained thought on parking when it came to this location. Most customers tend to be a little confused as the parking lot is split in half by the main entrance. Nothing too hard, but it always seems to create a bit of a cluster upon entering. Also, the staff are a little less than thrilled to help at this location. Blank stares provided on the house!It's a nicely situated location for our needs. I'll continue to go here, but some of the local spots serve better int he customer service department.
4	The store layout is great. The staff was friendly and helpful...but what is up with the parking lot?!? It is awkward to say the least.  It's hard to get in and out of and it is not convenient to the entrance or exit!
4	What is with the low reviews? I am shocked.  I am in the process of taking care of some home improvements as well as helping my Mom with some yard work issues.  So, needless to say I have been spending more time than I thought I ever would, and like, at Lowe's.  However, I have enjoyed my experience and not sure where I would go to find everything I need, from garden items to refrigerator refills.I have always been able to touch base with an employee and received the information I need.Unfortunately parking at this location is a nighmare.  It appears so many people are confused by the split parking and/or everyone wants to park by the garden, In entrance, Exit entrance...all too confusing.And, second, although I have been able to get my questions answered this place is HUGE and you do have to search for an employee to assist...and they DO.
5	Great staff
5	I have always had good service and friendly sales people at this location. Kevin,  Chip and Sean have been knowledgable and willing to answer any questions I have and didn't treat me if I was some dumb woman trying to do home repairs. I continue to go back again and again!  The only negative I have found  is the parking arrangement and door entrances logistics, otherwise this is a top notch location for Lowe's.
1	Where to start! They are lucky to get one star!!I recently bought a washer and dryer from Lowes to get delivered two days later on Sunday. Unfortunately I wasn't there to receive it but the wife waited in all day to get them. This is where the first issue happened, when she called and asked what time they would be delivering it, the answer was "around 2 this afternoon". Great she thought I'll get that do the washing done and cook a lovely dinner. Around comes 5pm she calls them back to find out they had forgotten to put the washer and dryer on the delivery truck. So no washing and no dinner as the wife wasn't able to go shopping whilst I was working.We accepted the mistake and re-arranged the delivery for the following Saturday (due to work, and the fact we needed to wash our clothes). Along comes Saturday we get a phone call at half past eight (fantastic we can get them installed do some washing and we have all weekend). When I greeted the truck I found out that they had managed to smash the dryer up so it would need to be changed, but the washer was ok (although neither washer or dryer were in boxes to suggest they were new and now off the shop floor). After we got the washer installed we ran the test cycle which worked fine so we did medium load cycle for a total of five minuets before the drum fell off the rail and broke.So now we have a week late washer installed that was broken, a dryer that was poorly handled in the truck so had to go back and now we had to wait in till the delivery truck could come and take the broken washer!!!When the truck did turn up the delivery guys were apologetic and promised a potential delivery later that day (Saturday) or first thing Sunday.Sunday comes along, we wait till 0900 before calling them to find out what was going on. "I'm sorry sir but the delivery team have gone and we don't have that model in store anymore".First point why the hell did we have to call to get this update!Secondly why the hell haven't Lowes got off the arses to help the customer!Outcome unknown, my advise to anyone who is using Lowes is to go to Home Depot or buy it and take it themselves from the store as the customer service will NOT help you. They will leave you to suffer and not do anything!
1	I hate writing bad reviews but this seriously warrants it.  Maybe other Lowes are better but this particular store just fails.  Management hides behind their employees and don't own up to their mistakes of which with my delivery there were multiple.  They forgot our delivery and while I waited all day no one from Lowes call about it.  Then after I called, they said they forgot to load my units on the truck and they rescheduled my delivery.  When they did show up the units they were going to deliver were damaged and undeliverable.  They delivery guys said they'd get us new units that day or the next.  After waiting 24 hrs for a call from Lowes, I called and was told it won't be in till Wednesday.  Well I wasted another day waiting around for a delivery that didn't come.  Absolutely no management took responsibility for the mistakes, it was all 'this wasn't my mistake' or 'I'm just finding out about this'. Absolutely no one was going to call me it seems instead they were find just taking my money. I know its a hardware store but seriously when someone gives you money principle dictates you give them their purchase.
5	Lemme tell you something about the paint guys at this store... If you're trying to figure out what color to put on your walls, they're just as patient whether you're on trip 1 or trip 561. lol. I've been in to ask questions about rollers, quality of paint types, brushes, technique... They haven't kicked me out yet. Super nice guys and they know a LOT about paint!I have never had to wander around, if I decided to stray from my home at the paint counter... Everyone is incredibly helpful and they know their way around, which is great...Since I've moved, this is one of the two locations near my new home and I'm glad... I need all the help they can give me!
5	Love this Lowes, have been to several all over the country and can't say enough about this one. I like the fact that the zoning had to be appropriate so it doesn't have that hideous Wal-Mart look to it. The paint department is great, had some paint "jiggled" and the lady said she had a mis-tint for 5 dollars that was the same paint. Unfortunately it was satin and I needed semi-gloss but just the idea that she did that was awesome.
4	Nobody seems interested in helping and the location isn't great. But I've had worse, I suppose.
