5	I've been going to Dayna for over 7 years for my back and eyebrow waxing needs.  She offers excellent service at fair prices and doesn't make me cry in pain every time the wax is ripped off.  She is the only one I trust to rip hot wax off my back and I will continue to visit her a few times a year for forever.
5	I've been going to Deyna for 5 years now. She's a great person, not once has she ever made me feel uncomfortable. Her prices are reasonable. Most of the time I call her last minute and she always does her best to fit me in.
5	I have only had 2 Brazilian waxes in my life, and the 2nd one was just done by Deyna. I had a horrible experience during my first wax in Canada, so seeing Deyna was delightful! She made me feel 100% comfortable, and she was very chatty and kind. She uses bed sheets as waxing strips and they work so well! She even showed me the roots of my hairs on the strip and educated me about how waxing works. I would recommend her to anyone! I'll be back to see her when I'm back in Mesa later in the year. Ask her where the "F spot" is. ;)
5	I've gone twice now using a groupon I purchased for 3 up front. I've had a great experience! Not to get too personal but the hair she ripped off only grew half back! That's never happened before. I would highly recommend her!
5	I bought a Living Social deal for three up front. Considering I've never done this before, though am aware of how (ahem) personal a Brazillian could be, I was incredibly nervous. True, within three minutes of meeting Deyna I was without my pants and spread-eagle, but I can't imagine a single person other than Deyna making me feel very comfortable like that. She explained everything she was doing, kept the conversation going so I didn't die of embarassment, and she complimented me on my (for lack of a better word) performance.I HIGHLY recommend her!!
5	Deyna is so great!! Always makes you feel comfortable!! I have even started electrolysis with her and its great too!!
4	I have gone to several places for waxes. I have had top notch amazing waxes and horrible traumatic waxes. There's no way to get around it, waxing hurts. A good aesthetician will reduce the pain - but it's no magic wand. Deyna was very nice and her space was private and clean. The wax was more on than painful side than I am used to from my place in LA, but she was thorough and professional. She owns her own business, so I wasn't pressured to buy anything, which was great. She made me feel very comfortable and the price was right, too! I have sensitive skin, so I will see how my skins reacts. So far, I like the results, but dang, it still hurts! I may come back and give five stars if my skin doesn't freak out on day 2. I definitely recommend!
5	I had always wanted to try a Brazilian wax but was too scared to go through with it. Then, in a moment of bravery, I bought a Living Social deal for Wax On Wax Off. Deyna made the experience a snap. She was very professional and did an amazing job. While uncomfortable (let's face it, that is a tender area), I did not find it as excruciating as I had heard it would be. I think her prices are very fair, she knows her trade very well and is a truly awesome person. I highly recommend her!
5	I have been going to Deyna for many years now. She's fast, professional, does a great job. I recommend her to everyone I know for their waxing needs....
5	I've been coming to see Deyna for years! You won't find a better waxing place in the valley. She always does a great job!!
5	I have been going to Deyna for several years....she is the BEST!  She is great at what she does.  Deyna is a true professional (plus she is really nice) :) if you are looking for waxing in the east valley, Wax on Wax off with Deyna is the ONLY place you should consider.
5	I'll keep it short and sweet. I will never go see anyone other than Deyna for waxing in the state of Arizona. Period.
5	Deyna is fantastic at her job!   I had a brazilian done with her and it was my first visit. Deyna was professional, made me feel comfortable right away and was very thorough and efficient.  It hurt less than I expected and I will be returning without question!  You cannot go wrong with Deyna!
5	I've been to countless waxing estheticians over the past 30 years.   I went to Deyna today, and it was fantastic.  The salon is minimal - her table, wax & her expertise.  I'm not overpaying for waterfalls & bottled water.  Though it was my first time, I already booked my next 3 appointments.  Professional, polite, funny, and she know's what she's doing  I agree with another review I say, if you're in AZ, you go to her, period.
5	Great service! She makes you feel welcome and comfortable the entire time. Highly recommended for any waxing needs. In and out in a breeze, make sure to book your next appointment sooner than later.
5	I always have a great experience with Deyna. New to bikini waxing, I had lots of questions/concerns. Deyna explained what to expect, provided thorough maintainence instructions, has an awesome referral program, and is affordable. Very satisfied and won't be going anywhere else.
5	First time ever getting a Brazilian and Deyna was awesome! She's professional and makes you feel very comfortable. Will definitely be going here from now on!
5	As long as I am in need of that type of service, I will go to Deyna and only Deyna!She is efficient, professional and a nice person to chat to.The place is tiny and I believe this is the way it should be as the service performed is extremely intimate.
