2	I ordered from the website for this location.  Luckily enough it also gives you a tracker to tell you where your pizza is in the process.  Unfortunately for them it showed me that the pizza was out of the oven and sitting in the store for about 30 minutes before it even left with the delivery driver.  I don't mind waiting for pizza, but I do not expect it to be 40 minutes old by the time it gets to me.  On top of that I complained and was told that they would give 2 LG free on my next order and the credit was on my account (ph#) wouldn't you know.... I call and nothing was there no credit, no nothing.  Lucky for me that there lots of other choices for good pizza in the area.
4	Very good pizza & a very clean/professional resteraunt
5	Try the Habanero Wings. They are great! Quick service. Great computer system to follow order.
1	Very poor Service... Has a 42 minute wait when they had said that it was gonna be a 20 minute wait.... Never again I will order from Dominos at all.
5	My favorite Dominos location! I've ordered several times, both delivery and carryout, and I've been pleased with every order.I've carried out at different locations such as the one on Simmons and Lake Mead in North Las Vegas (don't go there.. they make their food so sloppily) and no one is as good as them.My favorites there are the mango habanero wings, chicken alfredo bread bowl, lava cakes, (OMG yummmmmmy) and their hand tossed pizza with chicken and bacon. I seriously eat there every week. I'm going to blow up, but I'll blow up satisfied haha!
1	Listen...I understand that you cannot wait more then 2 minutes before the gate so it will open.....I understand you as the delivery driver didn't see me at the gate looking at you, walking to you to open the gate....I understand answering the phone politely and trying to figure out things for the better of both of us is a very hard thing to do.....but please don't send a creepy guy to my house on the second attempt, please don't tell me that you had to remake the pizza or reheat anything because according to the driver it was just sitting there with no attempt to accommodate me, the customer....I was willing to pay for the food and have reached out to you guys to compromise....I just hope you guys didn't do anything with my food....i pray that the food my children ate was ok.....this guy that was sent as a delivery guy had the biggest smile on his face....like somebody who just wiped their ass on a slice.....
1	i Can't believe the customer service i just received from Maria the Manager of this place i called to make a complaint and she started to argue with me on the phone and once i asked for her name she hung up on me and i had to call back to get her name and she continued to argue with me and then i asked for her district managers number and she continued to argue and told me to call the 800 number without giving it to me. i will never go to dominos again because of this experience. everyone should stay away from this place. from a once loyal customer which would order every week.
1	This is what I received from dominos when I ordered pizza online. This black debri was covering a hole on the pizza itself. It is truly disgusting and unacceptable. The lack of care that our food is prepared with how can dominos expect me to eat this! They offered to bring me another pizza but I will no longer order or eat dominos pizza. It is unacceptable and to deliver something like that  who knows what is in it. The manager said well if you don't want a pizza what do you want me to do. Of course I don't want another disgusting pizza I want my money back I'm not going to pay for something I'm not going to eat is what i said. NeXT time think before you order at dominos.
