2	Bring your own twine before you buy.I purchased a washer from this store and then purchased the matching pair from a different Sears Outlet in Phoenix on Cactus.  I did my research, knew where to go, and purchased it because it was 45% off retail price (it was the only one at this price in all of AZ).  Customer service when purchasing the appliance was satisfactory, however if you have them help you put it into your truck, the supervisor left me with a piece of twine of 6 feet long to hold down a washing machine that is about 400 lbs.  This is after I asked for this.  Twine was not offered.  It wasn't they were busy at all either.  And then when I asked if that was all the twine I was to get, Larry said that I would be okay traveling from Tempe to Phoenix with that twine.  What??!!!  I just spent $500 in your store on a washer and also paid extra for the maintenance and warranty and all that I could get was 6 feet of twine? (Twine is cheap)  Poor customer service.  Lack of concern and safety.  Never will I go back.  Sears Outlet in north Phoenix was more accommodating.  They are located on Cactus and 51 FWY.
1	BUYER BEWARE!We recently purchased a dishwasher at this location. It seemed to be in good condition, it's a Whirlpool Gold, and we got if for almost half the regular price. It only had a dent in the back. The tag did not indicate that it had been previously owned, or even refurbished. It looked good, got a good financing deal, so we purchased it.Today was the first time we ran it with our dishes. It was weird, I started noticing dried-on food on all my dishes....now, we don't usually put our dishes in with out rinsing them first, so I thought it strange......THEN, as I was removing the glasses from the top rack, I noticed something black coming out of the water holes of the upper blade.....Odd, I thought. I called my husband over  to show him, and as he is Mr. Fix-it himself, he began to take everything apart. We found pieces of old rotting orange peel and celery EVERYWHERE!! Inside ALL of the blades, the tubes, everywhere! (no, we had not recently been eating oranges OR celery for that matter) I think the washer had been previously bought, the owner probably ran it without securing the trap, it probably clogged so they returned it; Sears wipes it down and sells it to us, with old food still stuck everywhere in it. YUCK, this is like a health hazard! We were so grossed out....We did manage to get all the food out our ourselves, ran the thing with nothing in it a few times, and it seems to be fine now. I'm just wondering how this got past Sears inspection with flying colors??Anyways, if you choose to shop here, just beware. There are great deals, but remember, you get what you pay for :/
1	Manager is the worst I have ever seen for customer service. He DOES NOT CARE what you think or need. Do Not buy at this location, and be very wary at any Sears Outlet store as I found out after talking to Sears Corp customer complaint office that Outlets operate under "Different" rules and polices than the rest of the Sears stores.  Translation - Outlet managers should be looked at like used car salesmen, they will tell you anything until the sale is final then you play hell getting anything from them.!
1	I just left the sears outlet store empy handed. The salesmen in the store were more concerned with joking around with each other than helping me find a washer, dryer, and refrigerator. I was finally greeted and asked if I needed help after looking at every washer and dryer in the place. At that point, I did not want to purchase from the store and give any of them commission. The customer service is none existant.
1	If you would like to pay more for a beat up appliance than you would for the same model only new, then you will love this place!In all seriousness, this place is terrible. They post retail prices higher than the actual MSRP for the model to make you think you are getting a big discount, when you aren't! This place is a total scam! Do your research and don't let them rip you off.
