5	Best movie theater concession in Vegas... lots to choose from.
1	DON NOT go see XD in this theatre.  This theatre is one of the many of theatres in other city that's price gouging consumers due to the popular of 3D movies.  You'll be charge $15 but doesn't guarantee you'l be in one of their big screen or smaller screen.  If you must see a movie in 3D, there are some theatres like RAVE Motion that charges the 3d glasses separately from the ticket price.  This means you are not being charge a one time premium price doesn't matter if you see matinee or not.
4	Let me tell you the things about Century 16 South Point Theaters that I do not like: 1) For whatever reason, once in a while the fire alarms go off and the movies stop and people get agitated. 2) The movie listings are not consistent across the web. Unless you go to Fandango you may not get the right times and more to the point the presentation format (more later). 3) It is a long walk through the casino to get to (I walk with a cane, it would be nice if it were closer to parking)Now on with the kvelling...This is a top notch theater. The stadium seating is well arranged and the seats are comfortable and clean. Between showings the theaters are always cleared and even in later shows you are not sitting down in someones trash. The shows start on time even if there are not many people attending the showing.The projectors seem to be properly maintained (I have only ever witnessed one lamp failure and the secondary lamp kicked in right away). The sound systems are properly balanced and there is no issue of hearing loss even in loud action flicks. All in all viewing films there is a pleasure.They offer many viewing options and you should be aware of these because you can get "Ticket Shock" as you think you're going into a regular showing and instead choose something other than a normal showing by mistake.  There is your normal format showings, Real 3D showings and XD showings. You should know that 3D showings add a $3.00 premium for the glasses and the XD prices are about $5 higher than a normal showing. That means it can cost up to $30 for two people just to get into the show. The pricing structure is a bit confusing. Personally, my wife and I go to the matinees and regular format showings and pocket the extra $15.00 for a few tries at megabucks. It is a good show without paying too much.The concession stand is generally well stocked and there is usually someone preparing more offerings as the crowd moves through. The concessions here are different than most "counter" concessions, it is more like a buffet. You move through picking your passions and pay at the end of the line. This is so much faster than the "counter" concessions where you walk up and tell the teen behind the counter what you want and maybe 10 minutes later it is all assembled (the wait usually being as the teen has to figure out how to put a hot dog in a bun). Here the staff is always assembling fresh concessions so things move fast.Restrooms are large and clean and if you don't think this is important you have not been to some theater restrooms that are disgusting. (Those dirty restrooms can make for a real Whacko Warner Potty Emergency "I can't go in there! It's disgusting")This also qualifies as one of my "Cheers" spots. We know most of the employees and especially the ticket takers.
3	I don't watch movies here often, but I went yesterday because my Aunt lives nearby. It's a nice cinema house. The place is clean (read: not nasty smelling) and their ticket prices are ever so slightly cheaper than the competition. I found the visual quality to be good and the sound quality to be very good.I can't comment on the whole XD thing. I've never felt the need to pay extra for this supposed upgrade. From what I've read here and on other web sites, their projectors are only 2K whereas Regal Cinemas has mostly upgraded to 4K. With that knowledge in tow, I know where I'll be watching my next summer flick - Red Rock.
4	went to see Grownups. Nice little theatre. Lots of choices for snacks. the cinema was small which was ok. Nice and clean. I would see a movie here again but never stay at the hotel again so i probably wont ever be back to see a movie
2	I don't go to the movies a whole lot. Part of this is due to my picky nature, there aren't a whole lot of movies that make me say 'Oh, I have to see that!!" when they come out. Usually when I really want to see a movie, it's something I have been waiting for months to be released, and I usually try to catch it opening weekend. This was the case the last time I went to the Century 16 South Point. I was super jazzed to see a movie... I waited in the opening night, slightly-longer-then-usual line, got some popcorn and picked out a prime seat. Up until this point my movie going experience was just fine. Approximately 15 minutes into the movie, sound went out for a good 10-15 minutes. This is during the crucial beginning of the movie when the plot is being laid out, even missing a couple lines could make the rest of the movie confusing. When they were able to bring it back on, the sound and the movie were not synced up. Then sound went out again. This is when about 75% of the theater walked out. We were given passes to use at any Century 16 theater, but the damage was done. I won't be back, there are too many other options for seeing a movie in this town to bother risking it.
4	Century 16 is one of the nicer theaters in Vegas. It has plenty of showtimes to choose from and plenty of theaters. The seating is tiered, so that if you get someone taller in front of you, you can still see. The seats are nice and comfy and do recline a bit. The XD experience is nice, if you can afford it. Seats seem to be a bit wider and the screen is floor to ceiling and wall to wall. Definitely THE way to watch a movie. It is pricey at around $15 per ticket. Overall, a nice theater to watch a movie.
4	We went to see Avatar in XD 3D @ $15 each. Our first time to this casino- misleading theatre sign on casino floor followed by a small sign stating that the movie theatre is up the escalators. The box office is right there. One might think that the theatre is to the left of the box office. Wrong. That's the bowling alley. The theatre is opposite the box office- kind of in the direction of the escalators; really weird. The order is numerical but number 9 (XD theatre) is the very first one- another weird thing. The seats are staggered- which I love, I'm short. The seats are leather- nice surprise. It was comfortable. (Senior tickets are $3 for regular movies with club card- before 4 pm, BTW.) XD is pretty neat- a bigger screen and enhanced sound. We really enjoyed seeing the movie, until...A fire alarm (flashing lights, noise- the regular lights came on) stopped playing the movie. This happened ten minutes before the ending. Most of the people left at this point. It took about five minutes to restart but with about four more tries and each time the lights came back on. We stayed to finish the ending which finally restarted to the right scene, except another image, previews, with words, was superimposed, at the same time- crazy. If you went to the box office, you could request a raincheck.     Weird design overall, but nice XD theatre, nice seats, and raincheck option is good for the theatre problems we had.
4	Like:The "junior" sized popcorn: the perfect size for someone who can never quite finish a small.The seats: very comfortable and of course they have the arm rests that lift up.Dislike:No pretzel M&Ms. They need to get on that!
3	This movie theater is coo, but nothing all fancy smancy to give anything more than three stars for.  I came on friday afternoon to catch a flick solo and it was enjoyable.  Only $7.75 for the movie, which I'm sure it was because it was before 5pm.  The seats didn't recline which sucked but other than that, it was alright.  I will say the lobby area makes this place look more nice than it really is.  Movie theater food is too expensive so I didn't order anything.  No worries though, after the movie I went downstairs to the cafe.
4	Since I was staying here I decided to put the baby & hubby to bed and see a movie. Went and saw a 3D one called Legend of the Guardians The Owls of  Ga'hoole. It was showing in the XD theater so it was 15 bucks to see it..no biggie since I had a coupon for free popcorn! I went and got a huge icee as well. The seats in the theater were super cushy and rocked. I was literally the only person there so I picked the best spot and hunkered down. Great movie for effects but it was soooo cold. I was glad I brought a jacket but wish I had brought socks.So after it was over it was midnight and I went to the bathrooms..they were HORRIBLE! I give them 0 stars. So after my traumatic bathroom experience I walk out and see Resident Evil 3D just started and looked around and saw no-one and walked my ass in and sat down and saw another movie..for free.
4	Came here today to see Little Fockers. Since it was the 1st show of the day I decided to order a Starbucks drink to have while I watched the movie. A large was perfect! Made just the way I like it and it lasted the whole movie. This time I was prepared for it being chilly and had a jacket and wore boots!I still love those comfy new chairs..
5	I really like coming to this movie theatre and I do come here a lot ! The prices I think are more reasonable than the others in the greater LV area. Their popcorn is the best and they use real butter! They also have kettle corn if you prefer a little sweetness. Sometimes we gamble a bit before, you know how that goes...ha ha. The sports book area offers a pretty good hot dog for just 75 cents too. They have a good deal for seniors with the southpoint club card....matinees just $3.00 ! The employees are real friendly , Janet the gal who takes my tickets always has a smile, and Ilene makes the best popcorn!
4	There's honestly not much to write about - it's a movie theater. There's nothing truly unique about it. But it is nice, big, and clean. It's not too crowded and laid-out nicely. I also like that it is separate from the rest of the casino (more separate than the movie theaters in other casinos). I also appreciate that matinees are only $6.75, which is practically a bargain compared to some other theaters. And I must say that their popcorn does seem to be tastier than other places. And the concession area is a much better layout than in other theaters. Though, the concession items are just as over-priced as other theaters.
4	Another 4 star review for a close place to my house. We went for The Hangover 2 premier Wednesday night at midnight (5/26). We showed up trying to get seats for 4 people 40 minutes prior to the showtime, and being the premier for this particular movie, seats were hard to come by. We sat in the handicap row, (come on, it was midnight, if anybody showed up asking for the seats we would have obliged and moved) and with all that leg room we were happy we didn't show up 30 minutes ahead of time and have to sit way up front.The theaters I have been in have all been pretty clean, the sound is very good, the seats are comfortable, it's close to home, and the price is better than any other theater I've been to in town. What more can I ask for?I also love that I can get a big brown bag of candy and sweets, have it weighed at the cashier and pay way less than the pre-packaged stuff. I love reese's pieces and I usually get about $6-7 worth and snack on the bag for about 10 days :)4 solid stars
4	It's close to home. Doesn't really differ from other theaters. Easy to get into and isn't ever super packed (like Rave always is down the street). I do love that they offer the early bird special tickets at $6.75, which makes going to the movies a tad more affordable.
4	I had a free ticket for a movie at the South Point so I went to see Super 8 today in their XD theatre.  It was great.  The screen is very large, IMAX-like, with superb sound!  Before the show started, a man came through checking to see that everything was clean and in order, and he had a checklist he followed as he did his theatre checking.When the show was over, two workers were waiting to come in and clean the theatre.I was very  impressed with the whole operation.Seating was comfortable but the leg room was a little less than I had expected.  Also, the seats are of a vinyl quality which made them a little difficult on the legs because I was wearing shorts.Since it was a Tuesday, and the show has been out for awhile, there were all of 11 people in this very large theatre.  If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd go here more often.
3	This is not my favorite theater. For roughly the same price as a Regal, or Rave, I would not pick Century unless given no other options. Choosing to see Harry Potter 8 at the last moment on the opening night left me in that predicament. The chairs are not as comfortable and the picture quality is not as good. I could see the imperfections throughout the film. It will not ruin the experience overall, but takes away from the ability to get lost in whichever world you are set off to.
5	As I posted before, Rave is my fave theater but Century at South Point has the best screens in town. The two XD screens can't be beat! IMAX can't hold XD's jockstrap!!
4	This theatre isn't the biggest and flashiest in town but it offers everything I need. The screens are enormous like Rave and the popcorn isn't as good as Regal Theatres (according to my friend who is a movie theatre popcorn aficionado). However, Century 16 in South Point is close to my house, clean, has comfy chairs, and decent screens and sound.I like how they serve ice cream, milk shakes and Starbucks at the concession stand. The theatre is rarely crowded unlike Friday nights at Rave where you have annoying teenyboppers yelling to each other. The XD theatre is kind of pricey but worth it for action packed films. My only complaint is that they keep the temperature in there super cold! So remember to bring a sweater.
3	Went here to see the last Harry Potter. It had been out already for a few weeks, so we weren't expecting anyone else to be in the theatre. The people working there were polite and friendly. I loved the seats, they were really clean and comfortable!During the movie, there is one part where the screen is pretty much white aside from the actors. At that time, I noticed some large marks/scratches on the screen and it was a little distracting.Other than that, it was a good theatre. It is a bit out of the way from the strip, but if you have a car it should be no big deal.
3	I don't know if I picked the wrong movie for XD (actually I didn't pick it for XD, the showing I wanted just happened to be in that theater) but it wasn't worth the extra money.  The huge screen is cool but the sound was worse than the regular movie. I imagine some of the large, big budget movies would be the thing to see in this theater.  Maybe something like Avatar or similar or if you're a movie junkie, but then movie junkies were probably at this theater the day it opened.  Overall the theater seems pretty nice but be careful about getting stuck with the $13 ticket.
4	I had not been to the movie theater in the South Point before because frankly I didn't realize they had one (although I have bowled here before & the theater is right next to the bowling alley.... um I don't know how I missed it) Anywho, this past thursday was the opening of the Twilight Series- Breaking Dawn Part 1 and I am not one of those ppl that is really into twilight but I had wanted to see it so I checked on Fandango to see what theaters would have the midnight premier and Century 16 was one of them. I bought tickets online for the 12:30am showing printed my tickets and was ready to go.Now, I just want to say that Century 16 did a really good job with crowd control. There were different lines for the different showing times with the theater that that showing was going to be in. This was helpful because there was more than one showing at 12:01am and then there was one every ten minutes til all the theaters were filled. It was comfy in the theater, it had nice stadium seating. It wasnt so huge that there were any bad seats in the house I believe. And after watching the news the next day we were grateful we had not gone to Rave for the premiere as there were sooooo many people. I think we had a decent amount, not overly crowded or confusing.
4	Info:Adult Evening -  $10.00Adult Fri/Sat after 6pm - $10.50Child (1-11) /Senior (62+) -  $7.00Adult Matinee before 6pm - $8.00Early Bird 1st Matinee Showtime (7 days a week) - $7.00This is the only place my parents ever want to watch movies even though there are 2 other theaters by their house that are closer. I'm guessing it's because it's never really too crowded, the prices are decent, and the seats are pretty comfy. I also never really have to wait in line very long when I'm purchasing tickets or getting food because the service is fast. They even offer discount combos at the concession stand. You don't save THAT much, but you get about .50-.75 knocked off the price. Tips*Sign up for the Cinemark weekly email for some coupons: https://www.cinemark.com/weekly-email.aspx?status=subscribed*$4 movies for seniors Mon-Fri before 4pm*Student discount!
3	Pros: Reclining seats were comfortable and plenty of leg space for my 6'6" frame. Screen was actually larger than I thought it would be. Since the theater is a little removed from the strip, its not as crowded.Cons: The sound was average for what you would expect for a IMAX competing theater. Floors were kind of sticky and the theater is a little older than most.
1	I really hate seeing a move here.  They really need to crack down on all the kids they just let run around.  I wish the Theatre would actually have someone come into the movies and ask the people to leave that cant keep there mouth shut.  This seems to be the only theatre in town that I have had this problem.  I am not at the movies to here your unsupervised kids or teens talk and yell I am there to see the movie.I hope that the theatre cracks down on this, but until then I will avoid this theatre at all costs.
3	I didn't notice anything outstanding, but the seats were very comfortable. Ticket prices were ridiculous for the XD (xtreme digital?) at $13 per ticket, but the movie we wanted to see only offered xd viewing.  Other than that, I'd come back here if I were staying at the South Point again.
2	This place is awkwardly located on the second floor, which is a clear effort to get you to pass through the casino.As a local, if I want to gamble then I will go gamble.  I want to patron your theater please!  Also, the effect of being surrounded by casino and thirty bars shows up when seeing a moving after 9pm.  The people last night were loud and rude.  They stumbled in and out.  Wow OK now I sound like a crabby old guy.The seats are comfy and they have a decent selection of films.  It is near a casino if that is what you want.
4	I like this theater, it's convenient to home. Avoiding a**holes in theaters is a priority for me. This theater is usually pretty good for that. They have tasty popcorn and ice cream. And one of those new fangled soda machines with all the cool soda combinations. I also like that I don't have to walk a mile to the restroom if I need to go.Their staff is usually friendly and accommodating. On occasion the theater could be cleaned better between movies. But I think I've seen that problem with most theaters.
5	The movie theater is convenient from my house. They have good staff that are friendly and helpful. The theater was very clean as well as their bathrooms.  At their food station, they offered many goodies and drinks to enjoy, my son and cousins were in heaven. Overall,  we had a great experience. We'll be coming back to watch movies here again.
3	This is an average place to see a movie.  Seats are comfortable and the lines are never to long.  As with all theaters, concessions are ridiculously priced.  Theater companies should take a page from Harkins Theaters in AZ and offer concession specials.  I try to wait a couple weeks before seeing a movie to avoid super large crowds.
5	Saw spiderman 3 here and loved the theater, the seating and food was excellent. The casino staff was very helpful with helping me find the theater.
4	Love the popcorn here. Prices for movies are always high and going higher but I get good value here when I make a special trip for a big release on the XD screen
5	I love it over here because we always watch everything in XD! The seats are so comfortable not to mention the theater itself is huge compared to the regular theater. The main reason we make a drive out here instead of rave at town square (which is way closer to our house) is ... you guessed it... THERE ARE NO LOUD ANNOYING TEENAGERS. Just avoid opening night of course =)
4	I love how close this is to my house, and it's beyond all the busyness of the strip! It's mostly clean, and the buffet is decent! We always go here to see movies!
5	I was pleasantly surprised by this theater... I loved it! I saw one movie everyday that I was in Vegas haha Needed some type of relaxation from all the craziness that is provided by the strip... And seeing a movie is a perfect getaway for me.The prices are cheaper than California, yay! And I thought it was just going to be blah inside, but it was nice and as stupid as this is going to sound, was a real movie theater haha I wasn't expecting much when I first came here. The seats are also sooo comfortable, and they rock haha Loved it. The people who work here aren't too "smiley" or friendly, but they aren't unfriendly either. They were just there to do their job and nothing more, but I still feel this place deserves a 5. And they have all the current showings and lots of show times. This will be my go to when in Vegas and in the mood for a movie.
4	Great place for a family movie night, or just a night out with friends. The theaters are clean and comfortable. Have never had a problem with people being noisy or rude, which a huge plus.
4	I recommend only seeing a movie here after it comes 2 weeks later. The crowd that tends to come here is the young rowdy type that talks during a movie, thats why in the previews Century 16 warns the audience that they will ask you to leave if you are on your phone or are talking, which I really appreciate. I love how their concession stand is set up. You walk thru & grab what you want and pay for it as you exit so there is never a line :)
3	The thing I hate about these theaters is that they have a so-called specialty called "XD", a wannabe IMAX type of thing. It's nothing special (to me) and they charge you more. Sometimes, there isn't even an option to watch it non-XD. Rip off, right? That's my warning! Other than that, this theater has been satisfactory the multiple times I have been. The best part is that Steak N Shake is right below via escalator and you can sneak food into the theater. Shhhhh... I never said that.
3	Nice theatre in a ghetto hotel.As soon as you make your way through the smoke filled casino and up the escalator, they have a nice ticket counter.  Make a U-turn and you're at the entrance to the screens.The seats were pleather, or some kind of water resistant material.  Looked comfortable at first, reclined nicely but after a while, you notice the lack of cushion.  Nice stadium seating but not much legroom.  I was being kicked by the person in back of me constantly.  Saw the Hobbit in 3D.  Crispest picture I've ever seen - it was great.  The hopefully sterile 3D glasses worked to perfection.  I'd come back here again for a movie - the smoke from the casino downstairs didn't seem to make it up to the theatre.
4	i like the theatre. good quality. bjt small. so you've got to sit as far back as possible, so you don't crane your neck.
3	We went to see a matinee on a Friday afternoon using 2 free Cinemark movie passes.  My friend was going to take advantage of the Senior discount, but the age was for 62 years and older, not 50 like most of the theaters in town.The theater was located upstairs in the South Point Casino in Las Vegas.  It had stadium seating.  We could barely find 2 seats together on a Friday afternoon!
3	People talked the whole movie and the staff did nothing!   Popcorn is some of the best in town and the staff seem lazzy or they just don't care!
5	Nice clean movie theater. Good friendly staff
4	We went to see Despicable Me 2 here because they showed it the day before it was to come out. The guy who sold us our tickets needs to have better customer service with a smile please!! The adult tickets were $10.50 ea they charged us weekened rate since it was close to July 4th. But that is ok the movie was well worth it. We got a large popcorn and Large drink $11.00. It was ok clean in that area. The theater was nice and the chairs were comfy. My shoes did not stick to the ground :) Thank God!! They are keeping it clean and comfy
3	Unorganized chaos!  For a movie that has been out for month!  Hmmm!  But nice place. This place is decent for movies.a.  Ambiance - Great lobby, food area, place to hang out before a movie starts - 5 star.b.  Parking - You are at a casino and have to walk a long way to get to the theater. You will need to give yourself time to get there  - 3 starc.  Service - On July 4, what a mess. They had a lot of people at one time and the line was forming near the escalator which is a huge fire and safety hazard. Finally they got staff to fix this, but at the expense of pushing people around in line and doing this commando style and not with any organization or coolness to it.  - 1 stard.  Eats - Beside your standard flavors, they have one of those great coke machines that can do a huge variety of mixed coke products. Way cool.  Also, at the bottom of the elevator is the Steak and Shake place. At 5:00 pm on July 4, for about 10 minutes, no line. amazing. 5 stare.  Theater - They have a huge theater for high def movies, and a  lot of smaller movies. I saw a movie in their smallest theater and it was rink dink. I think it is almost same as watching it on netflix. Spacing between the seats is tight for both shoulder room and leg room. Not a lot of thought went into this theater when you compare it to Rave (AMC 18) or Galaxy. 2 starI have seen a few movies here and do not plan to come back really. It is just that the positives do not outweigh the negatives. There are plenty of places that have better seating and screen sizes.However, if you like to be at Southpoint, and down to your last 8.00 during the day, this is a place to check out to pass the time away with your blockbuster movies!
4	A very nice,theater which is up stairs in a entertainment center where there is a bowling ally and a large room for bingo,the theater staff was nice and helpful,it was clean inside( maybe the first showing had something to do with that) even the carpet and seats smell kinda fresh,the food was like LA theater food rocket high,so bring your own in.
4	lone ranger !!!!!xd extreme digital
4	We love the theater in South Point and have gone here for about two years now.  From the XD theater to their high tech soda machine, every thing in this place is great.
4	Super nice staff! Clean theaters and great prices on Tuesdays!!! I do wish that the chair I sat in didn't squeak every time i made the slightest move. But the sound quality is great and I do love the nice, helpful staff!
5	Tues $5 movies Also the cinemark app Is free and when used you earn rewards to be used for your next visit like free icee and popcorn etc.
2	I go to this theater a lot since it's close by but it is far from one of the nicer theaters in the Vegas valley. Although they'd recently remodeled and added a couple of giant screen, leather seat XD Cinemas, the regular auditoriums are very dated. Yes, they are stadium seating but the seats are old and very uncomfortable. Want to see a movie in one of the nice new auditoriums? Yep, that'll cost you some extra cash. The clientele at this theater is usually a bit "lower quality" than at other movie theaters in town. Expect loads of screaming babies in R-rated films and lots of talking obnoxious teenagers and folks being of the type where you wouldn't want to even LOOK at them cross-eyed answering their cell phones during the movie. I have never had a pleasant experience here. There's even a big ad that runs before the movie saying that if you text on your phone or talk during the movie that they'll kick you out. That's a big lie. I have had to get up several times during movies to go alert an employee and while they will come in the theater and stand around for a few minutes, I have NEVER ONCE seen them ask anybody leave -- even when the offenders were talking right in front of them. The absolute worst thing I have ever experienced was a few months ago when I went to see an animated movie. There was a (loud, talking) family behind me in the theater. During the movie, their baby started crying (of course) and they didn't take him out, they just sat in the movie while their kid wailed and wailed. Suddenly, I started to smell poop. It got stronger. Thankfully the movie was almost over. As soon as it ended, they walked out and I STILL smelled poop. I turned around to look and the mom had CHANGED HER BABY'S DIAPER DURING THE MOVIE and had LEFT THE POOP FILLED DIAPER STUFFED INTO THE ARMREST ON THE MOVIE SEAT. This will tell you the "quality" of the customers at this place. I try not to go to this theater unless I have to because management doesn't seem to care about the rude behavior of their audiences.
5	It's weird, I have only seen 3 movies in the theater since 2000.  And, all 3 of them have been for kids; Turbo, Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs 2 and now Frozen.  First of all, Frozen is a great movie and I would probably see it again.  Anyhow, here is my experience with the movie theater at South Point.We show up early knowing that there will probably be a huge line and battle for seats.  We walk in and get in line for tickets.  There were only a couple of people ahead of us.  We get our tickets and walk to the entrance.  As we were handing the woman checking tickets ours, she gave a stuff animal to the little one.  That was really nice and appreciated.  Then the move to get some goodies.  And, of course, everything was expensive.  But, that's in line with all or most theaters.  The next move was to get our seats, don't want to sit all of the way in the back nor the front.  So, we grabbed our seats and then watched the masses walk in 10 minutes later.  We had a packed theater.  But, it was all worth it as Frozen was a great movie.
5	This review is based on seeing a movie in the XD 3D theater.  It's the only movie I've seen at South Point, so if I were to see a movie in a "regular" theater I may not give it 5 stars.  But, the XD 3D was the clearest movie picture I've seen.  It was like you were watching the events live at times.  The action was seamless, and the sound was fantastic.  We saw a big action movie (The Hobbit:  Desolation of Smaug), so that probably added to the movie experience.  The seats were very comfortable, and reclined to the perfect angle.  I found the restrooms to be clean.  The prices for concessions are high, but that's how it is at the movies.  It's not going to get better, so I won't ding Century 16 South Point for high prices when that's the norm everywhere.  I absolutely would return to see another movie, and highly recommend the XD.
4	We enjoy watching movies here.When we were there, it was $5 for all the movies on Tuesdays.  Also, when we check into the hotel, we are usually given a coupon book.  There has always been a coupon for a free Junior sized popcorn.The movie theater has never been crowded during our visits here.  They have always been clean, and the seats are comfortable.No complaints.  Just a nice theater to go to and watch a movie.  We will continue to return here.
1	Prices are in line with other theaters for tickets food and drinks, I like the concession set up.  The theater seats are designed like a medieval torture device.  I have gone her twice and had to visit my chiropractor the next day.  Good theater sound and close to home to bad the chairs are so terrible.
4	South Point is definitely one of my favorite movie theater in Las Vegas.  The location of the theater is great seeing that I live a few blocks away but I also like that there is never really long lines or a wait, the transition from ticket booth to concession stand to theaters is smooth and stress free getting you in the right mood to catch a flick.
4	I love this theatre! I live 10 minutes away from this theatre, so it's extremely convenient. I absolutely love the $5 movies on Tuesdays (all movies are $5 at any time of day on Tuesday). The $5 movies are a great incentive to take time and relax during a busy school/work week. The staff is very friendly, they have a great selection of concessions (ice cream, popcorn, pizza, nachos, literally EVERY non-alcoholic drink you could imagine) and the stadium seating ensures you'll never get a bad seat. It's never too crowded when I go, which is another plus compared to the theatre at Town Square.
4	This theater is good, most of their theaters are very clean. I do find the XD movie prices bit ridiculous, because its not actually an IMAX size screen. $17 for a 3D/XD movie is ridiculous, but on Tuesdays, all the movies are $5. The food is expensive similar to many other movie theaters. Overall, this is a pretty good theater, but if you are like and wants to avoid walking through casino floor with cigarette  stench, then go to Galaxy theaters in Hernderson. The seats are more comfortable and the food quality is better.
4	I love how this theater has $5 Tuesdays all day! Watching movies is different in theaters vs home. Since we all can't have a home theater, $5 movies is the next best thing. It's inexpensive and something that a broke college student(people like me D: ) can afford. It is also located next to an arcade, bowling alley, and various restaurants!
4	Awesome movie theater , I highly recommended the xd the sound is great and picture is crystal clear
4	This is our local theater and it's pretty good! The prices are pretty decent and it hasn't been too crowded the times that I have been here. On Tuesdays, all movies are $5 - even the ones that just opened the friday before! This is a Fandango movie theater, which I appreciate. I like to buy tickets online and to use my smartphone as admission - beats waiting on the line as you're waiting for the movie to begin (sucks about the convenience fee Fandango charges, though). I come from NY where they regularly would charge over $10 just to see a matinee, so these prices are a steal for me. Probably my only real gripe about this place is that it's located in the South Point. It can get that stench of cigarette butts and gambling, if you know what I mean. Our first time there, an equestrian show was going on at the South Point, which made the first floor smell like cigarettes and horse manure - a lovely cocktail of unpleasantness. Luckily none of that smell makes it to the movie theater, which is located on the second floor of the casino. But you do have to pass through the casino area to get to the movie theater escalators. Also, sometimes the movie theater can be filled with people staying at the casino, because I think they get a free ticket with their hotel room. Not sure whether I count that as a negative or not, but let's just say it was a way older crowd than I expected at a Captain America movie.Parking is plentiful at the South Point, they have both outdoor parking and a parking garage.All in all, this is your basic, solid movie theater. It's clean, convenient, the prices are good, and it gets all of the major movies. If you want to go the extra mile and have a luxurious night out with wine and leather recliners, head to the Galaxy Theater in Henderson. If you're just thinking of catching a flick at a clean theater, this is a good place to go for a night out at the movies.
5	I love coming here on Tuesdays, which is pretty much the only day I go haha, all movies are $5 all day! Such a great deal, and perfect to bring friends and family.
2	There's nothing I love more than walking through a sea of blue hair and clouds of fart laden cigarette plumes. Thank goodness you can't smoke in the theater area. I try to limit my time spent in South Point, but sometimes you gotta catch that last minute matinee movie showing on that random rainy Vegas weekend. The Century 16 Theaters at South Point does the trick if you just want to catch a movie and bounce, but sometimes I like a little extra and South Point really doesn't offer any of this. The theaters are fairly small, the concession stand is a little confusing and disjointed, plus they don't have ticket kiosks if you bought online. C'mon man, It's 2014!This was more than little frustrating because I had to walk back and forth to three different ticket areas until I just showed them my emailed receipt after which they manually punched in the confirmation number and finally...I got my tickets. Glad I got here early!This place is clean for the most part and the staff seem to care, about as much as a high school teenager can care, but I think next time I'll just plan better and go somewhere else.
5	Everything in this theater is the BEST from $5 dollars all day on Tuesday and the XD theater iS THE BOMB!!! We love this theater coz it very close to were we leave not only its CLEANLINESS  and very friendly workers
2	First time at this theater this evening August 20, 2014. Can't say there will be a second. We saw the Ninja Turtle movie. Let's start with the positives. Clean bathroom. Clean theater with decent seats. That's it. We bought our tickets online. When I got to the counter to pick them up I asked if my south point card was needed. I didn't know if they reward you for setting movies there-but was hoping. I was looked at like I was stupid and the girl said "I don't know." Not even "let me find out." UghThen there was some event going on with a meet and greet. We had no idea where to go or what to do. The concession stand is very confusing and the meet and greet area was blocking the area to our theater hallway. Finally I found a clerk and was told to go over to the other side of the concession stand. But then had to walk through all of the meet and greet people again. When we got our popcorn and drinks the girl scooping the popcorn was kind of rude. No refills? No thanks. That right there means we won't be back. I bought a large pop but there was so much salt on the popcorn that my son and I downed the $5 pop before the movie started. I've never been to a theater that doesn't offer refills - even if you have to PAY a small fee for the refill.
4	Probably my best theatre spot in Vegas. Great location. Prices are good. Bowling alley is merely feet away
1	NO REFILLS NOT RETURNING. So charge me $1 to refill my $6 soda and call it even? These refill nazis wont refill popcorn or soda! I spent $30 on candy soda and popcorn and now you need another $6? Dont make me choose between a cold drink with ice and a warm drink  thats enough for the whole movie. Also the seats are dated and worn and just kind of disgusting. The theatres are never clean and the staff are rude. WELL worth the drive to Town Square where they have customer service AND common sense.
5	Tuesdays $5. Love this theater popcorn a must! It's really busy on Tuesday nights so hit the day shows!
5	My husband and I have a standing Tuesday date at this theatre because it's 5 dollar movie day. We also get deals on the popcorn and sodas because we are signed up for their weekly emails. The theatre is always clean and the staff is friendly. You have to make sure to get there early so you can pick your seat because with the popular films they tend to fill up quick you don't want to be stuck in the first few rows! I am not sure when the promotion ends because Ive been going the last 2 years and it's always been that way. The consessions are always fresh which is nice there is nothing worse than stale popcorn or hard pretzels!
5	My husband & I Ike to take a break from the casino & enjoy a movie here when we're in town. The movie selection is always current and there is always someone at the box office.
4	I love this movie theater. This is the closet theater to my house so I frequently see movies here. The staff is always friendly. Also, this place is busy but the staff seem to move quickly so long lines don't always mean long waits. I love the popcorn here. I'm not sure what it is but it is more delicious than other theaters. Maybe they use a different type of butter? I don't know but it is delicious! This theater has XD showing which feature large screens and digital surround sound. These theaters also have plushy seats that are larger than normal seats and are super comfy. A few tips would be that Tuesdays are $6 Movie Night. If you like a deal, this night is for you. If you're not for crowds, avoid at all costs.  Also, there is a garage near the theater. If you park here, you can avoid walking through the super smoky casino. Will definitely return.
3	$5 Tuesday.  Love the price.  Seemed to be a busy night.  Hated sitting in the back row, next to someone I don't know.   Just not enough space to sit comfortable.
