5	This is where I pick up my Bountiful Basket occasionally.  While the food for the co-op is already packaged up for the pick-up, they also have other offerings available at great prices! There is ample parking and super friendly staff.  I've even had people help me out with my bounty.
4	This is going to be my new Bountiful Basket pick up! 11 a.m., heck ya! Its right off the I-17 access, kinda, in the ghetto, parking is a bit tricky. But whateve! Awesome fruits and veggies at a great deal!
4	Started going here for bountiful baskets, but I started realizing I was getting produce I didn't want or need. Then Kodiak started putting out extra things you could buy. Now I am just shopping for the things I want . They do not have everything, but that's ok with me. They also have yummy whole grain  bread (in packs of 5, which you can freeze) and tortilla packs and usually a great price. I went last weekend with my mom and we walked out of there with produce for both of us and paid $6. Oh and they had those huge veggie trays for $1.50! Not sure they have them everytime but that is a HUGE savings over a supermarket price.
1	Buyer Beware!!!!!!!
3	We checked this place out on a Friday morning. Its in a kinda dodgy industrial area but really no biggie. Easy to find just off the frontage road and a huge sign where to park and where to walk in. I told the girl at the counter it was our first visit and she went through all the info. She was very nice and super helpful.  They have a pamphlet that has all their products outlined and prices (awesome!). You decide what items you'd like and give it back to them, then they pull it. You are not able to just walk around looking at produce in the warehouse (which I admit was my anticipation) She said if we would like to see anything specific, one of the guys would take us to the product and then back up to the front. -During the week Monday-Friday you can only buy items BY THE CASE. This is VERY IMPORTANT to know if your visiting for the first time. -They do a Farmers Market on Saturday Mornings and that is the only time they offer items to be sold individually. (EX 1 head of lettuce VS 1 Case of lettuce)-The prices are extremely reasonable and if your into juicing this is your place! (as you go thru fruits & Veggies like crazy).-If your order is over 100.00 they offer free delivery! -Lastly, this is where Bountiful Baskets gets all of their products. I've done BB before and liked it, but I would much rather pick my own products weekly.-If you're smart, get a couple people to go in on an order and have them deliver it to you and split it up yourselves. The savings is worth it. I hope this is helpful to others!! I had a ton of questions and wasn't really able to get many answers, so I thought I would share some key details for those interested. I only did a 3 star rating because I haven't placed an order yet, but will be this weekend so I'll update then :)
2	The problem with this place is that MOST, not all but MOST, of their produce comes from loads that are refused by places like Fry's and Safeway. I'm sure the veggie trays another user talked about were refused from Walmart or somewhere. That's why I use CSA over Bountiful Baskets. But they do have some deals if you don't mind 2nd hand produce. Like I said not everything is refused produce...
