5	I have been going to this office for about 7 years, and have always gotten superior service.  I never feel rushed or ignored, and the entire staff is amazing.  While they are busy, so you want to schedule routine exams ahead of time, when I am truly sick and need to be seen, they always find a way to get me in.  I love the fact that they can take care of all the well-woman stuff, and they are very open to discussing options.  Of course, some decisions come down to insurance, but they are always up front about what costs, side effects and other options I have.I have referred friends and family and they have all raved as well.
4	You might wait in the lobby for longer than you want to but when you get in to see the Doctor (Dr. Barry) you will be glad you waited. She is going to take as much time as you need to talk not only about what you are there for but anything else you want duing the visit. She is the deffinition of patient CARE. I am glad to have found her. The office staff are all professional friendly people and I dont have much trouble getting in when I need to. Great job.
3	Was recommended to this practice from a friend. Wait time in lobby was 30 minutes and I was the only one there, my only complaint. NP Shanna is great and very thorough. They have in office lab and can get you samples of medications which saves you time and money!
5	I saw Candace a NP today.  I threw my back out New Years Eve and they got me right in.  Candace was great.  She took the time to go over everything and didn't rush through her assessment.   If that wasn't enough, my wife woke up with a wicked sinus infection and instead of making a seperate appointment later in the day they were able to set us up with back to back appointments with Candace.  Candace will be my provider of choice going forward!  I highly recommend her.
5	I have been going here for more than 5 years. I always see Candace, the Nurse Practitioner. Love her! I am usually able to get in within a day or so and the staff is polite and professional and above all, helpful. I have had migraine shots here when they get so bad I can't barely move and all the other issues that ail ya. I almost feel that Candace has become a part of my circle of friends and family. It is a drive for me, as it's in Gilbert. But having a great medical staff for general needs is super important.
4	I really like the team here. A great doctor can be torn down by an inefficient office staff. Here, everyone works like a well oiled machine. In the front office, Jaunita is  pleasant and patient. She gets to deal with the constant need for my flex spending card requirements,  I can get into see a NP quickly when the need arises.  Dr. Barry is efficient and thorough and smart as a whip. My only complaint is they need to get an online system so patients can view their lab results and communicate directly with the doctor about medication adjustments. Currently they have a medical technician call you. As a nurse, I am not comfortable with that. It feels so 1980's.
