3	The music here is so spastic and random, I actually heard Nancy Sinatra go into Jack Johnson, wow!  I do like the quiet atmosphere, it is a great place to come after a long day and just surf the internet or read a novel.  The great thing about this particular location is that it is shared by a Bruegger's Bagels, so it is a nice place to get started for the day as well.  People have business meetings here, I saw a few college-types busting out the books, and a few caffeine freaks as well.  The dimly lit room's peaceful setting erupted however when I heard two men having a business transaction near my booth.  A Caucasian gentlemen complimented his Asian business partner on his handshake.  "Nice handshake", he said.  "Not many orientals have strong handshakes."  What a rash generalization.  I wanted to reach out and slap the man.  Besides this, I liked the spot.  Would somebody turn off the Lenny Kravitz!
3	The wifi's still free but they changed my beloved Mocha!  Now you have to pick white chocolate, dark chocolate or milk chocolate.  And they got really snarky when I asked which one tastes like the original.  So I tried the milk chocolate and it just doesn't taste the same at all.  The dark chocolate is the closest and really doesn't taste like dark chocolate which is good for me and my coffee preferences.  But isn't it false advertising if it doesn't taste "dark"?Especially for a non-dairy person, why'd you have to go and mess with the program just before Christmas?My final complaint is they close at 5pm on Sundays which is really annoying.  They're always kicking about 10 people out and people are still trying to come in and they alway ask "Are they closed already?"
3	They have decent chai here. The hot chocolate is really good though. I ordered that at a different location. They offer a choice of milk chocolate, white chocolate or dark chocolate chips in your drink! I got the dark chocolate one and I thought it was quite tasty. The coffee seems pretty strong here and the prices are about what you'd pay at most chains. It's a pretty typical coffee shop.
3	Service is good, place is clean, but this location is connected to Bruegger's and not cozy like Caribou's normally are. Good for a business coffee, not good for date night coffee. Only 2 leather chairs for cuddling up in and they go fast!
4	I would normally only give this location a three star rating: the coffee is good, as Caribou's tends to be, and the staff is friendly, but this store really does lack Caribou's trademark coziness (mostly due to sharing space with a Breuggers, which I find odd, since they serve coffee as well).However, I am upgrading this joint to four stars due to the excellent service they gave me today!  It has been very icy here in Charlotte, and my ceramic travel mug was quite cold this morning.  The barista noticed and offered to heat it up with hot water before filling it!  Very thoughtful of her.
3	I love Caribou's coffee so if that is what your looking for definitely stop by. However, if it is wi-fi you need, it tends to be slow and logs you off pretty frequently.
5	I love this place.  The employees are awesome and the coffee is so good.  I love the blueberry muffin too.  All of them are so nice and there are plenty of places to sit and chill.  It is easy access if on foot or bike so that's a plus too.
4	In the Park Road Shopping Plaza, this Caribou shares the location with a Bruegger's Bagels. This makes for a one-stop, two shop, breakfast. Bonus!Lots of tables (and power), but you can expect them to be busy with folks that have their laptops open for a while. The wi-fi login page says that you're welcome to stay as long as you like and clearly, they get that!Coffee is excellent. Much better than Starbucks without that over-roasted flavor they tend to get.Tip: Bring your headphones.
5	You'll never go to Starbucks again.. The Park Road location is another great example of why. I would say it is the atmosphere, the great wifi, the ease of getting more food from Bruger's Bagels who shares the same space as them.. the reality is. It's the coffee. Plain and simple. I enjoy sipping my coffee and wondering the shops of the Plaza. Great location.. great people.
4	I have to admit, the draw to get me here is a bagel from their adjoining neighbors. Although once I'm in, I'm hooked. The employees are friendly and fast making my special lattes. If you are like me, I don't like solid things in my drinks. Be warned, some of their sugary drinks have bits of chocolate to make it fancy. However, they are happy to please and make your drink to your liking. They offer a meeting room in the back. You just have to reserve it and pay a small fee (you'll get plenty of coffee for the fee). Free WiFi too!Great location and always busy. Careful in the parking lot (this is a scary, crammed lot full of people and cars buzzing around all the time).
5	Customer service does not get any better then this. Great management and great people. They really take care of the locals, the newbies and the regulars. Great spot!
5	Just a note to let you know about the wonderful location on Park Road, Charlotte. This is not just a coffee shop as its office to many who work remotely or are on the road. They have a huge sitting area with free wifi. Caribou has been my 2nd "office" for some time now. This location has the best customer service, atmosphere and management team in the entire city of Charlotte. I can't speak highly enough about the manager Todd who runs this Caribou, and fully understands what it takes to engage with customers. You don't find places like this very often so when you do you know to appreciate it.
5	I'm practically at this spot everyday. I often wonder why people still drink the burned tar that is Starbucks. I love this location because the staff is amazing- Todd and Kevin are the best (we love Limor on the weekends). I'm so glad to see Caribou offer different tea lattes. Love it. They offer so many more options than just coffee- and the prices are reasonable....and not too mention you're not bombarded by buying knick nacks and CD's. The Mocha Latte is excellent and my husband usually goes for the Mint Condition- they offer 3 different choices of chocolates in your beverage (if it calls for it), which is a nice added option. You can mix up different beverages and flavors and I love the different flavors you can get around the holidays as well. Check it out. Drop Starbucks.
5	Why oh why are there so few Caribou coffee places left- when obviously they truly are the best coffee places around! Having found one here while visiting Charlotte- not only does it have great seating but its attached to Brueggers bagels! Heaven and earth combo. On this beautiful day it would be great to have more seating outside- but we managed to snag the comfy leather chairs. I have Been spending a lot more time at Starbucks because of losing my beloved Caribou- so today I got the chance to compare Caribou white chocolate pumpkin to Starbucks pumpkin latte! Caribou wins the pumpkin prize hands down. The best coffee ever and the nicest people. Maybe Caribou should do more combo places- save the brand and keep serving your loyal following!
3	Grabbed a cup of caffeine on New Years Day afternoon to run a few errands - for the places that were open.  Unfortunately, there were a lot of places open so I had to run around quite a bit.  The store is funky and divided with another place across the way.  I don't like Caribou as much as I like Starbucks.  Reminder to self - their holiday drinks are too sweet.  dmo out.
2	I have enjoyed Caribou at Park Road Shopping Center for 4 years and used to receive great and friendly service from their team.  They have made some changes to the team and I really do not enjoy going there anymore.  There is no chit-chat from the team, they often don't have coffee prepared, and sometimes I'm just ignored when I am ready to buy.  It's been tough and I've given them multiple chances, but I've moved on to better places.
5	Must try: campfire mocha. It's a s'more in a cup! I'm a tea drinker and there are plenty of options for hot tea as well as different iced tea options both sweet and unsweetened! This Caribou is in park road shopping center and shares it's space with brueggers bagels. Super convenient location and low key seating area, good place to study!
2	Ok, so after checking out more local places I have to update my review. I used to stop by here everyday it seemed, but they got rid of all the original staff- which blows. The new manager is not nearly as friendly and every time she makes my cappuccino it tastes burned...might as well go to Starbucks for that taste. And I always receive less than half. I pay for a medium but get a small. Any other place I've gone to gives me the full medium amount- I don't get it. I'd have to say I'll be checking out more local brews from now on. And FYI- if you want good cappuccino or espresso try Rush Espresso.
5	Collocated conveniently to Bruegger's bagels and Subway. Rewards program is great
4	Aside from the staff being very attractive, the coffee is like a soft blanket for the taste buds.  This is one of the few places you can enjoy two businesses being in one space that compliment each other well!  Brueggers is about 5 steps to the left of the best coffee Caribou has to offer (which I'm sure Brueggers suffers with selling their own coffee).  If you want the best experience in breakfast food, service, free wireless, clean area and nice part of town with the best eye candy options available, then THIS is the place for you!!  Breakfast of Champions!
5	Love the coffee..Started going to this location when the ones closer to me closed.  The staff is always nice to me, the turtle mocha is GREAT, this is the only oatmeal I will eat.   Wish they could have the sandwich options they had at the other locations, but I really go for the coffee!!
4	I've been to this Caribou Coffee a fair few times. In fact, I'm writing in it right now (I really hate being "that guy on the laptop"...). The place is very clean an well maintained with very friendly and efficient staff, who clearly love doing what they do. There's a charm to the place which is reminiscent of independent coffee shops, but falls a little bit short of achieving it. There's a daily trivia question above the counter which if you answer correctly, you get a dime off your order, and the staff address you as an actual person as opposed to a customer; but there's something about the place which makes it feel like an experience manicured to feel like an independent coffee shop.Nevertheless, there's a good selection of coffee available for purchase, along with seasonal specials. Around Christmas time I tried the eggnog latte (or the 'Fa-la-latte' as they called it, and as I called it forgoing a shred of my masculinity in the process). I usually have a milk chocolate mocha, which strikes a nice balance between the sweetness of the chocolate and the bitterness of the coffee, not veering too much towards either side. They also include a chocolate covered coffee bean with it, which is a nice touch.There's a nice, if somewhat limited selection of foods, but this is understandable since there's a Bruegger's bagels literally opposite the counter. The sweets that Caribou do are great, not too rich, but a nice treat to go alongside your drink.One of my few qualms about the place would probably be the prices. A small mocha is just shy of $4, which is pretty pricey for what you get (the coffee is nice, but not THAT nice).Overall, a nice place to kill an hour or two with a friend of partner. The atmosphere is pleasant, and the background music is usually pretty good (no cheesy chart music and no Starbucks middle of the road Norah Jones inspired boring melodies).
1	They need to train the staff better on how to respond to clients.  They are not busy and the clerk could not take the time to tell me the different oatmeals they serve she just pointed at the board. That is just lazy.  I was the Only person inline.
