3	It is so difficult to find a laundromat that will do wash, dry, and fold when you drop off clothes.  This business is a little out of the way, but it is difinitely worth it.  They are able to get proper turn around while doing a quality job.  In addition to being a laundromat, there is also a small convenience store and coffee spot in front.  I haven't tried it yet, but I just might sometime in the future.
4	Just moved in to the neighborhood (Beechview), and I haven't set up my laundry room yet, so I had to go to a laundromat, this one was right up the street. The laundromat entrance is on the side of the building, which is a bit confusing, since the entrance is under construction. Inside, though, everything was clean, bright,  and well-maintained. I only saw one out-of-order sign.  I had no problems with the washers or dryers. This front part of the business is a tiny store that sells coffee, snacks, cold drinks and lottery tickets.  There is inside and outside seating, and it seems like a nice social space.   There is free WiFi, but I did not use it.
5	I used to live in Beechview conveniently down the street from Sip N Spin and have been going back ever since and I don't even live in South Hills anymore, the place is that good! The laundry machines are brand new and the whole place is really clean. The staff are very friendly and the small store up front is reasonably priced. Plus, parking is free. It makes washing clothes much more relaxing then it should be.Note: the small convenience store is gone but still the one of the best laundromat's in Pittsburgh.
5	Just passing through on a long trip. My clothes were beginning to smell and this place was highly recommended. It is exactly as described. Parking is great. Very clean even the bathroom. The washer didn't spin out as much water as I'd like but hopefully the dryer is super strong!
5	I'm not going to say I don't make bad decisions, I'm an adult and I'm fully capable of owning up to my choices. Unfortunately one of those choices was having two weeks of laundry to wash when I moved across town to Beechview and then waiting 3 more weeks to wash clothes. (This probably gives you some insight into the sort of person I am in general...) This morning I solemnly marched myself to the Spin and Spin with what equated to 9-12 loads of laundry. Located on Broadway with it's own private parking lot and a brightly painted mural outside it's easy to find and easier to park. Once I stepped inside I realized something, this place is cleaner than my house. The floors sparkle and the machines are pristine. Large and bright with ceiling fans and devoid of any of that funky musty smell a lot of laundromats acquire. I found various vending machine of the snack, drink, and laundry variety and some arcade games to keep me busy. They've got an ATM and change machine and an attendant on hand. They even have a restroom which was perfectly clean and utilizing a token system that you have to obtain from the attendant on hand. Free wifi. Televisions. It doesn't get squeaky cleaner than this!
