2	This property management company manages many apartment complex rentals.  The problem is that Chamberlain gives individual property managers vast discretion in their style of management.  Chamberlain and it's managers hide behind the Arizona's Tenant's Act.  Chamberlain's number one priority is making $$ no matter what the cost  or human suffering of it's tenants..  Beware if you're looking for an apartment, make sure Chamberlain IS NOT the management company.  You get want you pay for including a whole lot of aggravation! Especially be wary  of Bella View Apartments on East Indian School Road!
1	There are no words to describe how horrible this property management company is, but I'll try to give it a shot.  Every single thing, from paying rent to getting maintenance is an exercise in futility.  I have had no less than 7 property managers in less than 3 years.  Each one has been incompetent, nearly impossible to reach, ridiculous to speak to and could give a sh!t about their tenants.  If you are looking to rent and Chamberlin is the management company, RUN AWAY.  Do not, no matter how cute the apartment, how great the deal is, move in.
4	As a small property owner we hired Chamberlin & Associates to manage a 30 unit apartment complex for us. While not perfect, they did a good job on what proved to be a challenging asset. In reading the other 2 reviews it makes me think that these two individuals were probably problem tenants to begin with. The first one mistakenly refers to the "Arizona Tenant's Act" when it is in fact called the "Arizona Landlord and Tenant Act." It outlines the rights of both Landlords and Tenants. I would suggest that this individual read it. The second one is laughable at best. To begin with, their property managers will come to your apartment upon your request to accept your rent payment. Gosh, my mortgage company and utility companies don't even to that!!! How simple is that!!! The only time we had maintenance issues is when we had tenants who were not cooperative.
1	This is by far the worst rental company I have ever worked with. Unprofessional with the application process as the computer didn't work so I had to wait a day after giving the holding deposit to find out I wasn't approved and then they wouldn't return my holding deposit even though it was their fault I had to wait a day. I am filing a small claims lawsuit for theft against them.
