5	The food here is absolutely fantastic.  Off the Strip is run by a couple of brothers from Brooklyn who've brought with them both awesome food and a fun NYC style sensibility.  The price range seems to run from about $9 to $25 per entree.  The restaurant itself is basically a bistro set up with an open kitchen.  That is pretty cool since you can see Chef Al in there working his magic.  They feature mostly American and Italian items and everything I've ever had there is yummy.  And I should know, I live about 3 miles away and I'm in the place at least twice a week.  The Pork Roulade is fabulous and, if you ask, they'll do a Seafood fra Diavolo that's unbeatable.  For desert make sure you don't miss Chef Al's hand made New York Cheesecake.  It's the best!
5	Very good. Excellent food.
5	We had a great experience sampling their appetizers and portions of their pastas at one of the chef's suggestion.  It was really special and very tasty.  Everything was delicious.  Highly recommended.  We will stop here every single time we come to Vegas! Crab cakes, cheesecake, great service - YUM.
4	I was in town visiting family in Southern Highlands.  We ended up trying a place close to the house "Off the Strip". We were greeted with a big smile and italian accent from Filipo as we walked in. There was great music playing in the background, and you could see right into the kitchen where the chef was cooking. You could smell all the aromas which was a nice change from what your use to in most restaurants. Filipo kept the wine flowing as well as the stories, he was most attentive.  My beef wellington was outta this world and for 25 bucks can't be beat. I recommend anybody going to las vegas to give this place a try!
5	Off the Strip-Just Real Food is off the hook! My wife and I ate there last evening and the search was worth the effort. We were greeted at the door by owner/chef Tom. Tom was friendly and attentive and we soon began casual conversation regarding his first passion-great food! I allowed Tom to conjure up a meal of his specialities...WOW what a meal. Would highly recommend everyone to get "off the strip" and try this hidden gem of a restaurant. Try the cheesecake!
4	I've only had the fettucine alfredo from here, as honestly I'm a very picky eater and that was really only the dish on the main menu I'd eat!  Definitely a bit fancier of a menu, which is great for most people, but not for a plain Jane like me.  The alfredo was good, but nothing too stellar to really stand out from it from any other restaurant.  The dish that stood out though was the cheesecake!  Best I've ever had!  At $6.50 a slice, its kinda expensive like everything else on the menu, but I'll definitely be back for more!
5	Anything you order you can't go wrong. The food here us amazing. The creme brule French toast is awesome on Sunday brunch. The beef Wellington for dinner us incredible. The meat balls and the vodka sauce, wow! If you can't decide on the wine, ask for Filippo and enjoy.
4	I've been meaning to yelp this place for a long time now, I've been eating here for four months. My roommates have been eating here about a year. Everyone loves it! I must say this food blows away the Olive Garden which in my opinion is a compliment. I started off on a bad note here because the firts time I ever came here I was picking it up as a 'to-go" order. It took about 25-30 minutes over how long it was supposed to take. They seemed very busy so I sat around and waited, they seemed very disorganzied with the way the orders are placed. The two people who were running things didn't seem to commincate very well. #2 experience,Very different, getting ready to fly home to California. Decided to grab a bite before my flight we sat at the bar, drinking beers waiting for our yummy italian dishes to come out. The bartender was such a character, he was witty and gave us alot to talk about which really made my night. And he gave us beer for free, what a chill dude. I really like Off The Strip. It's been nothing but excellent. I always order the same thing because I'm so happy I found my perfect meal. Spaghetti with Sausage and Softball Meatball, Bacon wrapped Filet Mignon, and the house salad comes for free. Cheesecake is a must for dessert, and believe me I'm very, very, very picky about cheesecake. It's good enough to cheat on a diet for! Tucked away from all the touristy spots around the strip, this place is a growing family operated establishment, locals loves this cooking. I guess I am one of locals now.
4	We just enjoyed a fantastic meal at Off the Strip.  Would we go back?  By all means.  Be sure to try the mussels.  They come six to an order and it was perfect as they are quite rich, but absolutely delicious.  I also had the garbage salad, which was great, but a little too much dressing.  Some would like it heavly dressed, but I like to taste all the ingredients instead of just dressing.  My husband had the scampi which was fantasic.  Be sure to save room for the cheesecake.  It's probably the best I have had next to the special cake my brother-in-law makes.  It was a fun, relaxing experience and it was nice to be able to wear shorts and be really casual and still enjoy a super meal.
5	We dined here on September 17, 2009 on a recommendation from a family member. Let me tell you, as soon as you enter the door you are quickly acknowledged, seated, and welcomed. So many other restaurants acknowledge you as if just going through the motions, but not here. Here they welcome you with a smile and treat you like a friend or family member. On the suggestion or our server, he recommended a assortment of appetizers, which I thought would be listed on the menu. Not so, he ordered us a handful of appetizers off the menu, four to be exact. So here's a list of what we had in regards to appetizers. 1. Beef wrapped asparagus- great presentation, succulent and tender beef wrapped around a stalk of asparagus, with a mouth watering sauce that left me wanting more. 2. Bacon wrapped shrimp with a sweet chili sauce- Now this was done right, the shrimp was moist and tender and the bacon cooked to perfection, the goat cheese added a a delicate touch and the right combination to compliment the shrimp and the bacon. The chili sauce had enough "wow factor" not to destroy or overpower the dish. I considered it my favorite appetizer and will be ordering another round next week when I visit. 3. Crab cakes- What can I say? I love crab cakes, this was done well. The sauce sealed the deal, we were seriously contemplating ordering another one, but decided not to, as to give our palettes a crack at trying other dishes. 4. I honestly can't recollect what we ate, but I think it had artichokes in it and I thought it would make a great bruschetta. Sorry, my memory failed me on this one. We then shared a ceaser salad that came with it's own homemade croutons. They were kind enough to split the salad among the two of us. I thought it was okay, pretty standard. I ordered the vodka penne as my entree and let me tell you, it was WONDERFUL!!!! The sauce was perfect, and complimented the penne quite wonderfully. They really know how to cook pasta, al dente (most restaurants 95% of the time overcook pasta)........... My husbands not a big fan of pasta, but let's just say he reconsidered after having a taste of my dish. My husband ordered the panko crusted pork chops with a Asian sauce and assorted veggies. We really enjoyed the tender and moist pork chops, you didn't have to cut it with a knife, that's how tender it was. However, I felt that the dish fell short. I probably would have preferred them coating the pork chop with panko (Japanese breadcrumbs), then frying, letting it sit, then slice and plate it. Then serving the sauce on the side, to accompany the chops. Heck, they can even be a little more creative and serve an array of sauces; such as aioli, pesto, or spicy ketchup. I felt like the sauce (sweet and sour) made the panko rather soggy, which wasn't that appealing to our taste buds and did nothing to enhance the porkchop. I was quite full by this point,  so pace yourself as you're eating as it's not a sin to take home leftovers (which we did). Even by being full, it didn't stop me or my husband from dessert. Let me tell  you, you just have to , I mean really have to, try their homemade cheesecake, made from top notch ingredients and get this, they don't use a mixer to concoct this together. One bite and you'll be hooked for sure, as we both were. The cheesecake was creamy and smooth and not to mention rich, a winner in my book. Just gives us a reason to go back and try the other thing's on their menu. The decor is simple and inviting with simple tables and chairs. The kitchen is set us so you can observe the staff in action. There is a bar with a couple of television screens that were set on sport channels. Yes, guy's it's a great place to impress your date and you get a chance to check out the sports scores (just make sure you keep more focused on your date as opposed to the television). Overall, the quality of the food for the most part is excellent, they really have a passion for what they do. Bring a big appetite, because portions here, were more than fair; if not bring in a reuseable container because you're probably going home with leftovers, especially if you had a couple of appetizers pre-entree. This place was moderately priced, the service was above and beyond what you're normally used to. Don't be surprised if one of the owners comes up to chat with you, as Tom and Al did with us. I would recommend making dinner reservations ahead of time, as it's gets busy during the dinner rush hour. With that said, we'll be back soon!!! Aloha till next time!
5	Thanks to many posts online, we stopped for dinner on theway back from a day of outlet shopping in Primm.The food is excellent and the service super friendly.Some of the best food we had all week on vacation.I was doubtful when we pulled up because they're in anon-descript supermarket strip mall near the southernedge of town, but the food delivers.  Highly recommended.
5	WOW!  The food was amazing!!!!!!!!!!!  Chicken stuffed w/shrimp scampi over angel hair in a balsamic glaze, WOW!  Caesar salad, good.  Steak wrapped asparagus with a marsala wine glaze, AMAZING!  So amazing, that I ordered two of them!
5	Great food period.  It is constantly packed and for good reason.
5	The best dining experience I've ever had in Vegas, and at very reasonable prices. The chef came by and made recommendations and was great to talk to. A must see.
4	The food here is great. The vibe is a bit on the trendy side and you may want to not dress too casual or you may not get the best service. Try to find the slower times to eat. It can be a mad house in here and the area is small. The food makes up for it...to a point.  Last time I was there they had us moving all around to pack more people in. Which is fine. If I can move over to make room so my fellow diners can also enjoy a meal it doesn't. Bother me. I'm just warning you about how busy it can get at dinner.
5	OMFG.Best of the best in VEGAS. On Zagat scale 27! It is in an unassuming location waaaay off the strip.The place itself is casual looking with TVs playing sports and 70's and 80's music playing. The waiters we really friendly and very attentive.Everyone was so pleasant and seem like they love working here. The menu is onblackboards, but as a 1st timer they recomended the "around the world" tasting menu. Totally the way to go! Got to taste so many dishes, and each one was better than the last.Yummyyummyyummy. Coming back asap.
5	This place is in a shopping center. It's very obscure, so the only way you would find out about it is through a friend or word of mouth. the pastas are amazing. You can't go wrong. The menu is very simple written on a chalk board. It's mostly pastas, but there are some chicken and fish dishes. I believe they also have more casual food like subs. The homemade cheesecake is definitely worth trying. It's not too sweet, very creamy and crumbly. Goes great with coffee. The environment is casual, dimly lit, good place overall for a scrumptious meal.
2	So i guess i fall into the group of people wo just recently went and couldnt figure out what all the hype was. My expectations were also set high by the reviews that i have read, not to mention the fact that i expect an experience when i dine out since i am paying for a meal out. Upon arrival i was wondering if i was in the right place, as the strip mall location wasnt what threw me off but more the way the place felt when i entered through the door. Tv's on the walls with the football game on, with a chalkboard menu on the wall above the kitchen area and only a dining room of 8 tables with not even a table cloth on the table. I dont know about you guys but if im spending $20+ a plate for a dinner i dont need to feel like im eating at a tavern. People actually leave the stip to come to this place? Okay enough about the location. This great service that everybody was talking about... where was it? I contacted the restaurant previously because i wanted to see if lasagna was ever on the menu as a daily special since this is something that i really like to order when im out. This was something that was made available which i was pleased with, no doubt. After that bit of service i had nothing else of the sort that was welcoming or made me feel as if i absolutely had to come back because this restaurant was on the top of its game on service. My server was a young man who although didnt do a bad job, didnt do anything extrodinary that made me want to return as honestly this is a big deal to me when i dine out. If the service is on point and welcoming chances are i will return. Now the food... the pre-dinner bread or lack there of. Was brought out a small bowl with 5 slivers (yes 1/8 inch slivers of a hard baguette as bread felt more like it was croutons for my overly dressed salad, which wasnt a bad house salad but just too heavily drenched in dressing. On to my lasagna which when it came out was VERY small which i felt, alright if this is making up in taste for what it lacks in portion ill be okay. Yeah, that wasnt the case my noodles were overcooked where it had to be cut with a knife. The sauce was just okay and the only nice part about it that differed from my own that i make at home was that Italian sausage was used in place of ground beef which im a fan of. But i still stopped for a snack on the way home because i was still hungry after my meal because my portion was lacking. I was looking for a place to replace my Italian restaurant that was recently closed for remodel at the Monte Carlo Casino, it was called the Market City Caffe. This was a place where the service was second to none, the food was excellent and the price points were right in line with what Off the Strip is offering. BUT i always left satisfied, always felt like they appreciated my business and i enjoyed my dining experience. For anybody visiting Vegas and thinks they should take the drive, save your time and effort and dine ON THE STRIP as its not worth the drive.
3	went to the other location on Trop and Grand Canyon.  not as good.  the menu wasn't as vast either.
5	When we walked in, my fiance immediately declared that the restaurant looked like it was straight out of New Jersey. The italian menu items, the big gruff-looking owner and the strip mall location all seemed very familiar. We asked and it turned out the owner was from Brooklyn and the cook was from Jersey. Being from the Garden State, we suddenly felt right at home.The food was delicious. I had the Caesar salad that came with my fiance's salmon entree and the appetizer of rolled steak filled with asparagus and cheese. Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great. We were stuffed by the end of the meal but when we told the owner we were from Jersey, he offered us a slice of their homemade cheesecake, on the house. It was velvety and delicious - one of the best cheesecakes I've had. Despite being so full, we just about finished the gigantic slice.The one knock was that our waiter was a bit slow, but it's not enough to take a star off, especially because he was nice and friendly. I chose this restaurant based on favorable Yelp reviews and I really love that of all the places in Vegas we could have picked, it was an italian joint from back home. I surely won't "fuggeddabouddit" any time soon!
5	This place is just amazing.  The food, atmosphere, and service were just awesome.  I was a bit worried while I walked in because of how many people were inside and was thinking that it would take forever to get our order.  I was wrong.  Everything was swift.  Great place, and I would definitely come back here on a regular basis!
5	The best italian food I've had that didn't come from my mother or grandmother. Great little place, and I mean little. This our 3rd time there. I try to get there early because the first time I went @7pm it was packed. Standing room only. Decor is great, comforting. Staff is friendly and accommodating.  The food, delicious. Past is cooked al dente and ingredients are not over done. They fresh and simple. My son always gets the chicken wings, large plump wings with a yummy tasty bbq like sauce on them.  I ordered the Rigatoni ala Vodka and this time I promised myself to only eat half and take the other half home. Well the 2nd half went home in my belly. It's hard to stop eating when it tastes so good!We will return and this time I will bring my camera!
4	Delicious and a nice break from eating on the Strip.  I'm not saying it's the best Italian food in Vegas, but for the price I'd guess it's close.Like many other reviewers we were offered the "around the world" option which involved getting little bites of a bunch of different appetizers -- one of each for each of us.  And it's a great (though not inexpensive) way to try everything.  Our favorites were the steak and asparagus rolls and the Thai shrimp (stuffed with cheese, wrapped in bacon and served with a sweet and spicy sauce).  We probably could have stopped before the main courses and been happy, but we pressed on.  The salads were tasty, the pasta was perfectly cooked, the meatballs were huge yet tender and meaty, and the cheesecake (on the house for the birthday boys) was light and very good but not the best I've ever had.  Another favorite of ours was the rib eye sliced up for our tasting and served with delicious creamy horseradish sauce -- not very Italian, but really delicious!On a side note, one of the people in our party doesn't eat beef or pork and her options were a bit limited.  When we asked for a shrimp without the bacon for her they were happy to oblige but it took a long time.They charge a corkage fee of $20 per bottle, but if you want to order off they menu there were a few good and reasonable choices.If you have a car, it's worth the drive to try it.  If you're taking a cab, it would probably be a rather expensive ride so you might as well just shell out the extra money on the strip (Rao's is pretty good).
5	It's definitely not Picasso. That's good because there is no  phoniness here. Looks a bit like Mario's in the Bronx when I was a kid. The food is excellent and the vibes really friendly. The 2 owners, Tom and Billy, are with it and pleasant. It is more than worth the 15 minute ride from the strip. About 30% less than what a joint like Olives, which is not as good, will cost.
5	Best place in Vegas!  Get the pork roulade as an appetizer.  Best ever!  We hit the timing right to get a table.  Great wine selection.  I had the Chef's signature pasta with all kinds of stuff in it!  My partner had the meatloaf which was also fantastic.  Busy place, but watching the action in the kitchen is like watching a great, well-oiled machine!  I hear that the cheesecake is good...but I had no room!  WONDERFUL!  DO NOT MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PLACE!  It is in a strip mall, but....you know what they say about books and covers!
4	Spent a few days in Vegas visiting a friend of mine who took me to this place.Service is friendly, and watching the chef work his magic in the kitchen makes you feel like you're in for something special. The waitstaff serves up a nice side of "Brooklyn" with every meal. We had the beef wellington and chicken saltimbocca (I think I butchered the spelling there!), and both were outstanding. One of their appetizer specials was scampi stuffed with cream cheese and horseradish, wrapped in bacon and baked in the oven and served with some type of amazing butter sauce. I don't think my heart could take it every day, but it might be worth heading to an early grave for! You can certainly head down to the strip and spend way more money, but you'd be hard-pressed to find better-tasting comparable menu items at any price. The location is kinda hard to find, but it's no wonder the locals hang out there. Oh, be sure to save some room for the cheesecake!
5	After searching on Yelp on where to eat tonight, we chose this Off the Strip because of the chicken wing reviews.We arrived there and I ordered the Sea Bass and my husband, the pork chops.  Both entrees came with a green salad with balsamic vinaigrette or Caesar salad - both salad dressings were home made.Both the entrees and salads were delicious.  The pork chops were crusted after marinated in papaya and cherry wine which made then very tender.  Pan fried peppers and mushrooms covered the chops. The sea bass was in a white wine sauce with sauteed cabbage/peppers/carrots which was an odd combination but very tasty!  The potatoes on both entrees were seasoned, crusted and not overbearing.The very creamy cheesecake was a great ending!  I also loved the crusty bread.We were very satisfied and will be going there again.Atmosphere was very relaxing with TV's showing the NBA Final.
4	I went to this place to try somewhere different, as had found excellent reviews on another site.  It was quite a trip for us, but overall, well worth it.  It is situated in a newer strip mall, nothing fancy but not old and dirty either.  It has a pretty open layout, and you can see right into the kitchen from the dining area, which is nice.  The place is extremely clean, nicely decorated, and has at least 3 flat screen TV's.  It is very noisy inside with the TV's blasting out sports, a somewhat cramped dining area, and the din of the kitchen.  This is not the place for a quiet romantic dinner, but a good place to take friends and people who like watching the game while they eat.We didn't call ahead or make reservations, but it seems that is a good idea because they can be very busy.  Even though we didn't make reservations, the owner, Tom, was able to seat the four of us at the last open table right away.  He also introduced us to his brother, who was serving tables and was obviously a Lakers fan, he was wearing a sleeveless jersey, and had the Celtics - Lakers game at full blast.  I don't mind the casualness, but seeing a guy's pits while he's serving food is pretty gross (one star knocked off for that), luckily he wasn't serving our table. Our server was very friendly, but didn't make any recommendations.  Our party of four started with the unadvertised "Around the World", where you get to sample different appetizers for about as long as you like.  I only knew about the Around the World from reading other reviews.  We had the grilled artichoke hearts, Rolled NY - thin NY steak wrapped around asparagus and provolone, sweet chile & bacon prawns - my favorite, and pesto garlic bread.   For our entrees we ordered the Chicken & Artichokes, Chicken Saltimbocca, Spaghetti Squash and Chef Al's Special Pork Chops.  I also ordered an entree of Chicken Fettuccine to go for the kid at home.  We got house salads with all of them.  The balsamic vinaigrette had a touch of honey in it, and was excellent.  The entree portion sizes were decent for all of the entrees, except the serving with the Pork Chops was huge!  Two very large chops, enough for two or three people.   Luckily my daughter's boyfriend has a hollow leg, and finished the entire plate by himself.   All in all, everyone raved about their dishes. I also expected to receive Chef Al's Potato Pie with my order, but instead got roasted potatoes.  When I asked Tom about it, he said he had too many complaints about the Potato Pie (being unhealthy) and was taking them off the menu.  He whipped up a special plate of them for us.  They were delicious:  mashed potatoes, with cheese and Prosciutto mixed in.  Awesome stuff, it would be a shame if he took them off the menu.  As an extra treat, during our meal Tom's brother made an appetizer of garlic bread, pesto, grilled peppers, onions, garlic and provolone and grilled it to a crisp.  He made enough for the entire house and went around giving them to everyone for free.  Now how often does that happen?  The only "mistake" made during the night was that our server switched me from Pinot Grigio to Sauvignon Blanc.  But, she left me the extra half glass that was left over, so I wasn't complaining.  We were also treated to a slice of cheesecake to share, and by that point in the night, that's all I had room for.Our tab, not including taxes or tip, came to $214. PROS: Superb food, super friendly owners and staff who treat you like a friendCONS: noisy, maybe a little bit too casual at times
5	This place is like something out of a book.   It is a small intimate setting with a terrific staff and wonderful food.  Make sure you try the filet wrapped asparagus.  OMG
5	I took my 20 year old daughter here while she was visiting from Florida. She is a real food nut like me and we both love to try places off the beaten path. What a pleasant surprise this place was. Everything, and I mean everything we ate was fantastic. I suggested a couple weeks later, to a group of business associates that we try it. They had never been, but they know how I love my food and how I don't just throw suggestions around. 7 of us went and I found that the first trip was no fluke. My team all agreed it was one of the best meals we had ever had. We ordered a ton of food in order to try as many dishes as we could. Everything was great. With many of them being described as the best thing they ever put in their mouth.The service was excellent. The owner Tom, met me both times at he front door, with a warm welcome. Chef Al came over and visited with us for a while as well. Great Great Food. I'm planning on going every chance I get. It has spoiled me to many other "Famous" chefs and restaurants. this place is killer!
5	Best kept secret from Vegas Tourists.  Not only is the food here astounding and savory, but the service is something right out of New York City.  Old world style conversation and treatment from the family of Off The Strip make it a place that is about more than the meal, its about having a night you remember for weeks to come!
4	If you're tired of the Vegas buffets but want somewhere casual but good, this is it. It's a little out of the way but not too out of the way on the way into or out of LV. First off, the service and attentiveness were awesome. Our waitress was super friendly and happily answered all our (wife's) questions. Tom, owner, stopped by several times to check how we were doing. And . . because it was our first visit, they gave us a free cheesecake dessert, which was one of the best I've had and despite being a busy Friday night. As for the food, it was as advertised. We tried the beef wrapped asparagus, pork roulade, crab cake, NZ lamb chops and pasta w/ bolognese. Our favorite was the crab cake, which was mostly crab and a little breading. Not a pasta guy, I had the lamb chops which came in a very generous portion and was cooked just as ordered - medium. Overall, we enjoyed our visit and will put Off the Strip on our list for future visits.
5	5 stars!!!!I head to Vegas roughly once a month for whether it be for business or pleasure, and my girlfriend and I decided to do something different than we are completely used to... Which was to eat away from all the casinos and the strip.  She left it up to me to find something, and I had no idea where to go.  I decided to YELP where my next dinner was going to be, and I came up with this place.  Upon entering the complex, you have this feeling of,"Really?!? THIS PLACE is rated this high? There must be a mistake."  It was getting late, and we were starving.  We went in.  The atmosphere was perfect for a "date-night."  There's a bar that's social on the right, and there were tables intimate enough on the left.  The view into the kitchen also sets this place apart.I ordered the Pork Chops, and the girlfriend ordered the Liguine with Clams.  We paired that with a Russian River Pinot, and finished it their homemade Cheesecake.  The food was delicious; flavor and taste in EVERY bite.All in all, an Amazing night.  We ended up speaking to Billy, and we found out we are from the same area in San Francisco.  Billy and the staff were awesome, polite, and top-notch in terms of overall class.  I will recommend this place to anyone who wants a change of pace from the "always-the-same" atmosphere on the strip. Thanks for the night guys!
5	My wife and I ate here in Sept 2009 after reading reviews from this and other sites while on vacation.As good if not better than advertised.  We had the Around the World appetizers which was excellent, highlight of which was the Rolled New York and a 2nd place of the Sweet Chili & Bacon Wrapped Prawns.  We came back the NEXT night just to have the Rolled New York and another entree (Osso Bucco..which they only do on rare occasions).For dinner, I had the Beef Wellington which was incredible.  To this day I can still taste in my mind's eye.   Seriously, this will be my last meal if I ever get the the death penalty.Billy stopped by and welcomed us.  Service was great.  Can't recommend enough.
4	Great food, Great service. Owner Operated and they care. Great place to go eat any meal of the day like coming downstairs and mom says she will cook you anything you want. A nice addition to local restaurants for all of us industry peeps.
4	Yay good food in Southern Highlands! I am 3 for 3 now breakfast at Rise and Shine lunch at Xtreme Sushi and now dinner at Off the strip... No need to leave Southern Highlands for good food anymore...Only one thing would make it better....ALCOHOL. All beer no mixed drinks.
2	Just a quick review about some take out Cheesecake from this place......My husband and I went by this restaurant last night to try some of their cheesecake that we heard 'Is To Die For!'We walked in and were greeted by the friendly bartender who told us for take out just go to the back where the cash register was and they could help us with our order.  First off, the ambiance for this place is really nothing to write home about and is very boring.  So we weren't impressed with that aspect of it. Like I said before, the bartender was nice, but I can't say the same for the guy at the cash register!He was rude.  No greeting, no smile, and seemed bothered that we were only ordering the Cheesecake to go.  We even told him that we heard that the cheesecake was 'To Die For', and he didn't even blink.....he took our payment and said, 'It'll be up in a minute'......I wanted to come back at another time and try and entree or more, but not now.Service is a HUGE part of a business, and the service here made this customer not want to ever come back to this place again. We also will not be recommending this place to any of our friends or family.....As for the cheesecake.....My husband liked it, but I've had better!
5	Love this place. Great food and atmosphere. Will be back again soon.
5	By far one of the best places i have ever been to!! the mussels are amazing as well as the sweet chili prawns!! great atmosphere, just real good food!!
5	Couldn't wait to come home and rave about this place. I heard good things about it, but like to draw my own opinion.  Our server happened to be the owner and he is quite a smoosher. Our shrimp, bacon and I think, cream cheese, sounded unusual, but had all 7 of us craving for more. My picky wife couldn't be more pleased with her chicken Parma dinner and the other speciality pasta dishes plates were almost licked cleaned. I had a rib eye and wouldn't share, cause it was so good. The owner then dropped off two complimentary cheese cake desserts. Delicious. What was nice, there was no problem in splitting checks among the couples. Some restaurants give you a little attitude about doing that, but not here. Just one little comment, but no one else seemed to complain. Bring a cushion for your tush. Seats are a bit hard.
5	I am in Vegas for a couple of weeks on business. I have been meaning to try this place as I have heard nothing but great things from locals. I know this isn't the original location and is a newer OTS, but it was close to where I am staying. Went in late and hungry. Kept it simple and got the Eggplant Parm and started with a Garbage Salad...that's right, I said garbage salad which is one of their award-winning, must try dishes. Salad was amazing. Don't be frightened by all of the random ingredients...just order and enjoy. The Eggplant Parm was enough for 3 days worth of eating and was incredbly good as well. Service was great, especially considering I was "that guy" coming in late to eat when I know they were probably trying to close the dining room side. My server didn't skip a beat and gave wonderful attention and recommendations. I would like to go back and actually take the time to experience a full blown dinner with friends here. In the meantime, if you just want huge portions of "high end" food without the stuffy atmosphere of most places, go here. You will not be disappointed. More to come. Stay healthy and don't forget to Call Your Doctor or Naturopath!www.CallYourDoctorNow.com
5	Holy cow did I have a bad day and I needed my fix of good food and tasty drinks. Off the Strip was the answer. I sat at the bar and was greeted by Jack. Jack saw my need for a drink and poured the most yummy tempranillo. Then he gave his suggestions for yummy appetizers. They were all great but the ones that stuck out the most were the Rolled New York and the Thai Chili Bacon Wrapped Prawns. Plus...they carried my favorite dessert sake...Star Rabbit. I am eternally grateful to Off the Strip and Jack for turning my frown upside down. Will be coming back here often.
5	This experience was a culinary delight.  Refer to an old saying, never judge a book by it's cover. this unassuming little gem is hidden in a small strip mall and you could almost walk straight by which would be a crime against your palate.  The whole atmosphere is unpretentious but the food was mouth watering, and perfect serving size.  The beverage menu is widely expansive to accompany the variety of food choices.  Forget all those high priced restaurants on the strip. They can't even come close to amazing dining experience that this offers. Thank you Tom for a wonderful meal..we will be back.
5	We've eaten here many times, but never as a Yelper. My hubby and I decided to go on Valentines Day, sice we know we're gonna get a good meal.  I've never had a complaint going here. When we first discovered this joint we didn't want anyone else to know our secret place, yet at the same time hoping Off the Strip all the success they deserve. The staff is phenomenal and try to get to know their customers, taking extra steps to make sure you had a wonderful unique experience.Our first time my husband wanted a steak and  their question was " How big would you like it?", we bought a bottle of wine and finished it off, they promptly returned with 2 of their open bottles from behind the bar for us to polish off, as well as a complimentary piece of their yummy cheesecake. We had the "itis" after that meal, I wanted to curl up in the corner and nap.The next time we went they gave us complimentary  fried calamari to try...delicious as well.We took my father in law their while he was in town to visit, he loves veal but there was none on the menu, so we asked and they had some in the back and made special off menu meals for us. They informed us they buy their meat according to how it looked that day and luckily it looked good.I love this place, its small and intimate, and affordable. Plus you can see the kitchen and watch the chefs as they cook.Its hard for us to go and not get the Beef Wellington...I also love their salad dressing on their house salad.I could go on and on, but I've got other Yelping to do, so just go to Off the Strip already!!
4	We walked in here one night after a bad experience at a neighboring restaurant. So we were basically 1/2 full when we arrived here. But despite only trying a couple of items, we were impressed.First of all, I love the space and atmosphere. It is casual elegance at its finest. It's very small and tucked away in a strip mall. It's dimly lit with a nice wine bar area. In addition to the physical menus, the entire menu is written on chalkboards above the main counter. The whole space is very open - you can sit at your table and watch your meal being prepared in the kitchen. It is not at all what I had pictured in my head back when first reading about this place. It is as if a small mom and pop deli mated with an upscale Italian eatery. It works wonderfully. And it is both a terrific date spot and family dining spot.Again, we had already somewhat eaten prior to stopping in here, so we opted to share the chili prawns and rigatoni vodka (with a meatball added). And both were outstanding. The chili prawns were just this amazing combination of flavors. We just wished that there were more than two of them (as we happily would have made a meal of just those). The rigatoni vodka definitely held up to my high vodka sauce standards. The rigatoni was perfectly al dente and the meatball was pretty good too. And bonus points for the leftovers reheating well. You know something is great when it tastes good the next day after a spin in the microwave.We didn't order dessert, but our server surprised us with a complimentary slice of cheesecake. The cheesecake was great and we loved that it was plated with both chocolate and caramel sauce drizzles.The service was fantastic. Our server was very nice, inquired if this was our first time, how we heard about it, etc.This is definitely a place high on the return visit list.
4	I'm glad I found this place... too bad there's not one in NY. What to expect: It's in a strip mall, off to the side and it's a small space compared to the monstrous chain restaurants in Vegas. There are probably only 18 tables and a 10' long bar area with a couple of flat screens. The service is like that of the neighborhood place in your hometown... they make you feel like you've walked into a place that you've been going to for years. The food is very good. Everything was prepared well... the best way to explain it is that maybe it will remind you of when you went to grandma's house for dinner. The owner is there and stops by to introduce himself... he is very personable and non pretentious. Not a typical Vegas experience, but Vegas didn't impress me very much anyway. This place did.
4	We came for dinner on a Sunday night and had a great meal.  We started off with the house salad.  It's so nice to eat a simple salad that gives you a clean feeling after you eat it.  That may sound weird but I don't know how else to describe it?!  The bread was good too.  I had a glass of white wine - perfectly chilled and refreshing!  We ordered the much-hyped sweet chili & bacon prawns for an appetizer.  I thought the cream cheese was a weird ingredient, but it turned out to be delicious.  I had Chef Al's Special Pork Chops for my entree.  This was the only disappointment of the night.  I guess I had a vision in my head of what it would look/taste like, but I was totally wrong.  The pork chops were cooked perfectly, but I'm not sure I noticed the papaya extract it was marinated in.  I tend to like thin cut pork chops, and these were pretty thick.  There might have been a little too much breading and soy sauce.  My husband had the Chef Al's Favorite Rigatoni, which we both loved.  We shared a slice of their homemade cheesecake and it was really fabulous!  This was a great restaurant with friendly staff and we'll be back to try other menu items.
4	More great food in vegas!This place is in Southern highlands.  about 10 min south of Mandalay Bay.They had a great selection from pasta to seafood to steak and chops.  I got there a little late and gotta say the only complaint was it was a little slow to get the food after we ordered but it really was worth the wait.We started off with some prawns and chicken wings.  The wings were good with some sort of sweet glaze on em.  They also came with fries.  The prawns were a thai style sauce but wrapped in bacon.  They were really good but only got 2 so i thought for the price you should have gotten at least 3.The main course I got some chicken wrapped in prosciutto in a Marsala type sauce.  It was great.  Chicken was very moist and the sauce had some mushrooms in which tasted great.  It came with a side of fresh spinach.I will be here again for sure.  My buddies that go hear a lot said that if there isn't something on the menu you like you can tell them what your in the mood for and they will try to put something together for you.  Its that kind of service and quality of food which will keep this place here for a very long time.The wait staff was also very friendly and attentive.  He was always trying to give us a update on the meal.If your a little further south on 15 off the strip, maybe staying at SouthPoint hotel try to check it out.
5	Read a review about the place and decided that we had to try it. Since we were going to the M resort, we figured it would be a good time to try. It was the best decision we ever made. Even though it is a ways from the strip, it was well worth the trip. The prices were amazing for the quality of the food. Never would have imaged from the outside of the place, what we found on the inside. We were extremely surprise. Nice size bar with a large variety of wines along with a number of different beers. As far as the food, I order the lobster ravioli and my boyfriend order the chicken saltimbocca both were full favored. Amazed at the quality of the food. After trying these two items, we are definitely planning to come back to this location to try more of the menu. This place could easily be placed inside one of the high end casino/resorts on the strip. The food was that great. We had eaten at a number of the high end restaurants on the strip and feel that this particular place could not only compete with them but would surpass a number of them. At the end of the meal, our waiter brought us a complementary slice of the their in-house made cheesecake which was over the top delicious. We were stuffed after the dinner but the cheesecake was to great to not eat the whole piece served. The cheesecake was served with strawberries in a strawberry sauce and some chocolate sauce on the other side of the slice which complemented it very well. We most also give extreme remarks to our waiter, Chris who made us feel welcomed and did a wonderful job of serving us. He took extra steps in making sure, we were well taking care of during the whole meal from the time we entered the place until we finished. We could not ask for anything more.
5	As I was new to this area, I wanted to try this place since I had heard so many positive things about it.When you first walk in, the place looks small.  You have a great view of the kitchen (not one of the positives, in my opinion).  Also, the food menu is listed on chalk boards above the kitchen, which is fine, unless you want to know the ingredients.  They do have regular menus, but it appears we had to ask for one, as opposed to being offered one. We were personally served by the owner, whom was very friendly and charismatic.  He suggested we do "around the world," which was tapas-style eating with their appetizer menu.  We had originally ordered the crab cakes, sweet chili & bacon prawns (prawns w/ cream cheese, bacon, sweet chili sauce), and rolled New York (thin NY strip steak wrapped around grilled asparagus and provolone); however, we were soon informed that they had ran out of crab cakes, so we switched for the artichoke hearts.  He also offered us the scallops, the daily special, on a complimentary basis. We also shared half orders of house and Caesar salads and a half order of the Chef Al's Favorite Rigatoni.  The owner then also offered us a piece of cheesecake and dessert drinks free of charge to end our evening.All of the food was amazing - everything was flavorful and also unique.  My favorite appetizer was the sweet chili & bacon prawns.  The sweet chili sauce was unlike anything I had ever had before.  Of course, anything with bacon also gets high ratings in my book.  The rolled New York was also interesting since I had never heard of rolled steak, but it was a good alternative to ordering a full steak (which they had available as well).  The salads were also flavorful - tasty dressings - and the pasta was amazing.  The fried zucchini garnishes and garlic cloves definitely made the dish.  Also, the cheesecake was extremely flavorful, better than cheesecake at Cheesecake Factory in my opinion.I was extremely impressed with the customer service.  The owner offered great suggestions and I was grateful for the complimentary items.  I will definitely be visiting this place again!It also offers takeout and apparently there is another location on West Tropicana.  You can also sign up to receive special offers via email or text, which (according to the owner) includes specials such as free bottles of wines, free dinners for 4, etc.
3	Think this was another instance where raving yelp reviews set my expectations too high. I think its a cute place, I have no problem w it being in a strip mall. I think its really odd to have a bar AND a bartender when you only serve beer and wine. Our server was nice, but nothing exceptional. We were waiting for another person to join us, so after getting our bread and drinks we were basically ignored until she showed up. I tried to wave down the waiter a couple times to order an appetizer but he just flew by. The freshly baked bread was great but like someone else mentioned, it was in sections and some were toasted to sh-t on the outside - basically big croutons. We started w the mussels which were just ok, definitely not worth $15 for 6 mussels w panko on top. It was an excessive wait until we got our salads. I went w the Caesar - awesome dressing w a kick to it.  I got the rigatoni w meatball. Huge portion of pasta and a big meatball for an additional $6. Great dish - pasta al dente, creamy cheesy sauce, meatball was tender and flavorful. Was it worth $25....I guess so? I was a little miffed that I wasn't offered a free cheesecake like the majority of yelpers seemed to get, but whatever. I just had coffee instead which when we got the bill I found out was $4. Iced tea was also $4. My fault I guess for not looking at the bevg section, but I think its ridiculous to charge that much for a fountain drink and regular perculated coffee. I'll probably be back someday, but I'm really disappointed in the overall experience. Food was good but pricey, service wasn't the best. Even if i didnt walk in w a preconcieved notion of what it would be like, I'd expect a small neighborhood place like that to have great friendly staff. Its nit picky but he didn't even tell us the daily specials which even crappy olive garden does. I meant to ask what French pork chops were but totally forgot by the time he came back.Too bad it wasn't a better experience because I live close enough to have become a regular, but not based off this visit. I'd prefer to go to stratta for the whole dining experience and a full bar for the same price.
5	We were driving back from the M and thought we would try eating here because of all the great reviews. My GF thought it was funny that it was a hole in the wall, in a strip mall, in the middle of nowhere. I'm glad we stopped. The service was great. The food was awesome. You can watch your food being prepared. I had the Caesar salad and Chicken Saltimbocca. She had the House Salad and Lobster Ravioli. We were both extremely impressed with every aspect of our meal. To top things off, our waiter who had been really great throughout the evening, brings a slice of Strawberry Cheesecake. It was rich, delicious and beautifully presented. This was the best deal we got in Vegas.
4	Sauce and meatballs are tasty and made fresh.I usually cook all these dishes at home but if im not cooking I would come here for sure.
3	We had heard great things about this place, and decided to give it a try last night. I have mixed feelings. I would recommend this place to people looking for a nicer, going out kind of restaurant. It's not the casual Sunday Dinner place we were expecting from a strip mall restaurant. Service - EXCELLENT!! Our server was attentive, The manager stopped by a few times to say hello and check on us. Our soda never went empty. Food - Decent, but everything we ordered had WAY too much garlic. We ordered the pesto garlic bread, and it came out more like a pizza - delish (we expected this to have garlic obviously). We both got caesar salads - too much raw garlic in the dressing, so much that it burned a little. I got the Chicken Saltimboca - again too much garlic, and too much salt. Made me drink a lot more water. It wasn't horrible, but I would have liked a lighter hand. My man got the Chicken Parm, and he said the sauce had too much garlic as well. We left with AWFUL breath, and we both are the kind of people that normally LOVE garlic, so it was kinda weird. Price - A tad overpriced. For an appetizer (the cheapest one they had), and 2 entrees, and 2 sodas (no alcohol) our final bill was $80 (with tip). WAY too much in my opinion for a strip mall restaurant. The food was good, but should have been closer to $14-16 instead of the $19-22 we paid. They also had lamb, and steak for $32+!! Was expecting to pay closer to $50, so it was a little bit of a let down. We will probably be back, but maybe only when we feel like splurging. Southern Highlands really needs a good all american restaurant with decent pricing that can be a regular spot. Was hoping that this would be it, but it's definitely not.
5	Went here on Friday and I was very Pleased with the Food and Service that was provided here. The staff here was very freindly and helpful with advising us on what dishes were great here. I ordered the Chicken and Artichoke which came with a Ceasar Salad and a side of Mashed Potatoes. It was very tasty and was season very well. I was a happy camper after my meal here and so was my Boyfriend. He got the stuffed Vegetable chicken and pasta which was very good as well. I will definitely be coming back to this restaurant on my next visit to Vegas!
4	I have to admit, when it comes to restaurants that have really high rating from customers, I generally read the reviews of those who rated it the lowest.  Certainly not the popular way of taking in all the reviews but constant raves have far too often set me up for disappointment.  In the case of Off The Strip, I wanted to know why the few bad reviews were written.Having read the reviews, mostly bad, I decided to give Off The Strip a try because it was basically walking distance from our house.  I have to say that I really didn't share ANY of the bad opinions that have been shared here.I and my family loved the food, environment (reminded us of authentic family owned Italian restaurants back home in NY) and the service.  Jack was incredibly attentive and inviting and was so gracious to invite us back to the restaurant even after the kitchen is closed to enjoy wine and music.Being that we are from NY, good Italian is near and dear to our hearts.  Especially a good creamy vodka sauce and fried calamari.  The vodka sauce is quite possibly the best I have outside of Neo Posto and the now close Rigatoni, both in NY.  The calamari was light and flavorful, and everything we look for in that appetizer.  All the dishes around were something to savor and truly enjoy, not just satisfy.Now if you have read this far you might be wondering why I did not give Off The Strip a perfect 5 stars.  My one issue about the restaurant was the prices.  The prices as they are, are by no means over the top or unreasonable.  But, they are at a level that makes Off The Strip more an indulgence eatery over a frequent dinner spot.  The food was just as good as I remembered back in NY, but the prices were $5 - $10 more.I really like Off The Strip and will definitely be heading back again.  Unfortunately it won't be as often as we would like.
5	I almost cried when I took my first bite out of their famous Rigatoni alla Vodka with giant meatball.  Yeah, it tasted that good to me.  al dante! Pork Roulade was pretty good too.  Their homemade cheesecake was just as crazy delicious.  I need to go back soon...
5	Even though I live nearby, this restaurant is worthy of being a destination restaurant. They make everyone feel welcome, and welcome back. My husband and I love this place. Tom and remembers his guests and knows just what to recommend on those indecisive nights. The service is great and the food causes cravings for more. The Wellington is superb and the spaghetti with softball meatballs is fantastic (especially for a to-go order since it's awesome the next day, too). Everyone comes out to say hi to our dog Bailey when we get food to go and it gives Off the Strip a community feeling. And for people wondering about the price: everything is worth more than every penny. The Wellington is the best one you will ever get for that price. And if you are on a budget, the meatloaf is inexpensive, filling, and super tasty. Or you can do your own meal out of some of the appetizers (shrimp scampi is great for a lighter dinner portion and the ribs are a meal). Other info: Chicken parm is big enough for two, the lobster ravioli is great, I never go there without getting the Rolled New York, and the beverage selection is always expanding. Get the cheesecake to go so you still get it, but have the time to digest dinner before hand.
5	I chose this restaurant, because of all the views it had on yelp.  I was surprised to see this place in a strip mall.  The food there was amazing.  All though we had 3 different servers ... the service was really good.  The food was amazing.  The Cesar salad was a bit on the spicy side.  Not too sure what made it a lil spicy.  The cheesecake was delicious doe desert.  They even give you chocolate, carmel & strawberry to dip it in.  The pasta was amazing.  I loved the cream and it wasn't dry.  Usually I can never get enough sauce with my pasta.  It tasted like it was homemade recipe.
5	This place is amazing! I have eaten here about a dozen times and I am never disappointed. The food is always great and always consistent. They also have an amazing beef Wellington I highly recommend. OTSJRF is popular so don't be surprised if there is a wait, but it's well worth it.
5	This place is A-mazing. I travel on business to Las Vegas, and this was either the 3rd (maybe 4th??) time that I've been there. I've never posted a review before - but just have to give these guys a shout-out - it's that good. After all the overpriced underwhelming choices on the strip - this place has been consistently worth the cab-fare. We didn't even order off the menu - just told 'em what we liked (I was the only non-beef/pork eater) and they brought us the most amazing and tasty array of apps, salads, pasta (shrimp stuffed chicken - oh YUM), cheesecake - and they have a great wine list as well. Everything I've had there has been over-the-top delicious, and the folks that ate the pork dish said it's the best thing they've ever had. My suggestion: definitely FAST before you go in - it is NOT the place to diet... The staff is wonderful as well - it may be located in a strip mall - but don't let that fool you. The first time through the door I thought it was a little "high" priced ($20-$25 average price of entrees from what I remember) - and all it took was the first bite for me to realize it wasn't overpriced - AT ALL. TRY IT. You won't regret it. I'm a HUGE fan - I'm a little afraid to try the new location - just because I don't think the Southern Highlands locale can be beat - but I might have to do that on the next trip to town. Enjoy!!!!!
4	Great Pasta, sausage and meatball. What else is necessary in life. really nice owners and servers. Even the other diners are pleasant. Compared to the insane prices and mediocre food and bad service on the strip this place is an oasis.
5	THis place was amazing. It had one of the best fillets I've ever had, and I'm from Kansas where we have real, fresh meat. We also had the porkchop, which I could cut with a fork, so good and tender. Lobster ravioli and tortellini was also fantastic. The service was great too - friendly, fast, and they gave us a free cheesecake slice on the house which was so fluffy and perfect.
4	Delicious food. Laid back service. Come here if you want a long, leisurely dinner.
5	The smell alone tells you that you picked the right place but thanks to previous reviewers for helping us find this gem.  Our meal was outstanding from start to finish.I was very impressed by the house salad of mixed greens with a nice and light balsamic dressing...so unlike the run of the mill salad.For appetizers we had the sweet chili shrimp and the ribs.  If you like your ribs tough and tasteless, then don't order these because they fall off the bone and had a light tangy delicious flavor. The shrimp were very good and the biggest shrimp we had ever been served.For entrees we had 4 cheese ravioli and the tortellini in a tomato cream sauce.  We lived in the heart of little Italy in Connecticut for many years and these two dishes were comparable to the best Italian restaurants we frequented.  I am a sauce snob and very fussy about my tomato sauce and this one exceeded my expectations.I have saved the best for last....if you have any liking for rice pudding, you must try this one.  We have renamed it "Beyond Rice Pudding" because it is the best we have ever had...so creamy...like a cross between a tapioca and rice pudding.And right at the finish line for SUPER desserts is the cheesecake which we took "to go" and had later in our hotel room.  Light, creamy and drizzled lightly with chocolate, strawberries and caramel.We come to Las Vegas often and we will put this place on our "must do" list....well worth the 15 minute ride from the strip.Many thanks to a most pleasant waitress, Megan for adding to a very enjoyable experience.
5	I was here a year ago and it was amazing. I'm back in Vegas and it still is amazing!
4	I've been coming here for since it was a small place that only served beer & wine. They've expanded, and now serve a full bar and also have a room in the back for cigar smokers. What a difference a couple years makes. The food has been consistently good, after the expansion, service was a bit iffy but it seems they have pulled it together. These happen to be a few of my favorites:1. Really Trashy "Garbage" Salad, mixed greens, salami, Provolone cheese, shrimp, capers, hearts of palm, cherry peppers, and mushrooms in balsamic vinaigrette & a big mound of bleu cheese crumbles. Hand down BEST vinaigrette I've had.2. Spaghetti Squash over Pasta, spaghetti squash with fresh Rroma tomatoes, garlic,onions, basil and Parmesan cheese on spaghetti. 3. Chicken & Artichokes (this is my favorite protein dish)4.Chicken Tristina, A breast of chicken stuffed with grilled vegetables and mozzarella cheese on penne aglio olio con broccoli. 5. Beef Wellington, this blows Smith & Wollensky away, can't even touch it.6. Lobster Ravioli. Need I say more?All entrees come with a house salad with my favorite dressing. For dessert you have to try Chef Al's NY cheesecake. This will ruin you for any cheesecake after you try this. The rice pudding is also a favorite of mine.
5	OMG This is absolutely the best food I have had in Vegas ever. Everything I have ever ate there has been a true delight to My taste buds. The service is great and the people are always upbeat and in a very helpful mood. I would say if you haven't eaten there then you need to go and try it.
5	A-MAZE-ING!!! That is the 1 word that best describes the entire place.The food, the ambiance, the owner, everything!!I have eaten here numerous times with my wife and our friends and family and the result is always the same.  You leave feeling great, full of good food, and the time flies by.  You're never rushed and Tom the owner is always there with a smile for you and a recommendation of what's good that night.  Even though everything is great every night.They always have specials, and you have to try every appetizer they have.  We usually fill up on all those that by the time we get our main course, we are stuffed.Great wine and beer selection for a smaller restaurant.  They are expanding too!!!  Take out and a bigger dining area.  YAY!!  Can't wait till I get to please my palate again.Thanks TOM!
5	The best and only Beef Wellington you can get in this city. I never have anything else. I also love the spagetti and meatball and/or sausage, the Roller New Yorks (asparagus with a sun dried tomatoe cheese spread rolled in a thinpice of New York steak and cooked up) and well, I can't list everything. A MUST TRY! Plus a great staff and wine list!
5	I don't really need to say anything. Food is excellent, service is the same. They are adding a full bar with cigar room and extended dinning room...a true testament to their success.
1	Vegas Yelpers, you all have way too low standards! I can't trust your recommendations here!I went here with my husband and some of his coworkers and it was definitely below mediocre across the board.Food:With great food, I can overlook just about all other aspects of a dining experience. Unfortunately, Off The Strip did not have great food (or even good for that matter). The ingredients and preparations were all things I could make at home. Nothing was very innovative, although many dishes were overly complex with the addition of a ton of ingredients. I think an effective dish embraces simplicity and transforms minimal ingredients rather than adds a truckload. In addition, a pet peeve of mine is when restaurants don't disclose on the menu or by the waiter what will show up on my plate and this place was a major offender of that. (I don't need the secret recipe; I'm just looking for an idea of major flavors and ingredients!)For example, the Caesar salad dressing was so strongly flavored of raw garlic (not even roasted to get the flavor without the "whoo"-factor) that I couldn't eat more than two bites! I LOVE garlic. I eat it raw in slices as I cook; I roast it and have it with a meal; I am obsessed with The Stinking Rose in San Francisco, a restaurant dedicated to the obscene use of garlic; but tons and tons of raw garlic in a Caesar dressing is really just offensive. And to boot, the menu made no mention at all of a garlicy Caesar.Another example of overly complex food without prior warning on the menu was the mashed potatoes. They had crispy pieces of burned cheese surrounding the serving, which I'm not a huge fan of but I know some people like it. But they also had something else in them that I still can't place. It was more of a scent than a flavor, and honestly it smelled like just a hint of artificial vanilla extract, or some sort of pastry like scent. After I pointed it out other people detected it too. I'm still trying to figure it out. Mascarpone? Someone dropped some cheesecake in the mashed potato pan? Some overly ambitious chef attempting vanilla mashed potatoes? Sounds bizarre ...because it was. (And it was another part of my meal I only had a couple bites of.)The "fresh baked bread" was one of those half cooked loaves from the grocery store that you stick in the oven. Fresh... Half baked? Except it was a little stale like it sat under a warmer or something, so maybe just half baked.The crabcakes used really really really low grade crab meat, with not a hint of lump, and possibly a hint of fish. It could just be because I'm from New England but I don't find crabcakes without lump meat even worth eating.The "pesto" garlic bread contained not even a hint of pesto, just more overwhelming garlic.Oh, and their "famous" cheesecake was nothing to write home about.Atmosphere:They need to hire a decorator  or something!! They had bare beige walls with a single painting. (Although I did see two paintings sitting on the ground looking like they needed to be hung.) The place had plain old recessed lighting; cafe tables with cheapo diner style chairs; no booths; and no mirror, no soap, and no towels in the ladies' room.  No ecoutrements in the ladies room would be inexcusable at Denny's but at a place running about $50/person it's awful. Service:First on the good - the male waiter was on the ball. He accidentally brought me the wrong vegetable and corrected his mistake without me pointing it out. He was decently nice and looked professional in a branded shirt.However, the female waitresses seemed like they belonged in a different restaurant entirely. One was wearing just a tanktop, which seemed way inappropriate for a place where many customers were wearing button-downs and nice pants. The other was wearing a glittery PBR hat and selectively called people "hon," which I find even more annoying than calling everyone "hon." The "hons" at the table were me, the only female with our party, and two of the younger guys at our table. When people dress up to come get a steak and pay circa $50 a person, such casual/ unprofessional waitstaff totally doesn't fit.Value:Ugh, just go to the strip. It's bad food, but even if it were good food it wouldn't be worth it.Appetizers run about $15-$20 and are hardly shareable. The rolled New York includes four small pieces; the mussels are scant. My filet mignon was $34. I'm pretty sure that's around what Morton's charges!!My soda was $4!! They have an awful meager selection beer and nothing on tap yet charged my husband $7 for his beer!! Basically, so not worth it.
5	yelp occasionally gets some things right: the rave reviews of off the strip is one of them.  great, sincerely friendly service, tasty food, fantastic cheesecake.  everything i want in a dining out experience, packaged in a comfortable atmosphere, good for a date or just a dinner with friends.  my favorite place to eat out in vegas.
4	Went last night, on a date!  We read about it on Yelp, and on trip advisor, and since we live 4 miles from there decided to try it out.  The place is great and the atmosphere amazing.  Food was to die for, we tried pork roulade, chicken saltimbocca, n scampi stuffed chicken!  I do have to be honest it was a tad bit salty for me.   Was a lil busy when we got there, but we had great service, n met one of the owners.. He apologized for the wait on our food, which in reality was not long at all....to end our night we had a slice of heaven(homemade fluffy, yummy,cheesecake)!!!  Mmmmmmm mmmm mm!  Can't wait to try more!..
4	First time here tonight. My fiance and I loved the food and the service. He is a very picky eater and would always rather eat at home than take the chance of a bad meal. They asked if it was our first time and at the end of our meal we were rewarded for giving them a try with complimentary cheesecake, which was fabulous!Can't explain the bad reviews left about this restaurant, except you can't please em all. Prices were a little high especially for the appetizers, but the food was worth it, portions were not too big which just lead us to believe they were using good quality food and not just trying to fill the plate up. The house ceasar salad was good only if yoiu like that real strong almost spicy garlic flavor, which I do but may be a bit too much for some. We are very happy we found another great restaurant in Southern Highlands! Four stars because I save the five stars for the restaurants who really take it over the top with every aspect of a dining experience and I have my favorites and sorry they are on the strip!
4	We were looking for a local place (no chain restaurants please) and saw this on-line and decided to try it.  Having a car in Vegas is great because we had to drive about 9 miles from the center of the Strip to get here, but the drive was easy and SO worth it!  Wonderful service, delicious food and we even got a complimentary piece of great cheesecake  :-)If you're in Vegas and want a fun, small place with good food at reasonable prices, GO HERE.
5	Went to this place with a bunch of friends, one who was a local who kept ranting and raving about how great this place is. I understand why because this place has some amazing food.The Cheesecake and Cesar Salad was the best I've ever had. If you don't like garlic or white pepper, you probably wont like the salad. The few dishes which stick out in my head are the Chicken Parmesan, Lobster Ravioli, and Baked Salmon. All three of these dishes were excellent. The portions were large, but the quality of the food was not sacrificed. The service was just as great. The chef came to our table and offered to make any dish we wanted as long as he had the ingredients to make it. I will be going back to this place when I'm in Vegas.
5	My husband and I have eaten here several times.  Every visit has been tasty!  The portions are pretty good, so I have leftovers for lunch (my husband manages to finish his).  We have had steak, chicken, fish, pasta, and meatballs.  We've been going since they first opened and although its fun to see all the changes success has brought to them, the expansion is not quite the same as the original area.  Hopefully they will make it a bit more intimate in that section.  We have not had the desserts - ever - because we are too full.  But why haven't we been offered a free slice of cheesecake?  LOL.  Maybe next time.  We recommend this place often, and enjoy taking friends and family here.  I would recommend a reservation for busy times or nights, especially holidays.  Great food, great service, very casual and laid back but tasty.  Enjoy!
4	So where do I start? How about the name? How creative and witty. Most great businesses have great names. This is catchy and it caught my eye!Service - excellent! Our waitress was very attentive and had lots of help with her! Both myself and my girlfriend were very impressed with the service! Atmosphere - a mix between a small wrap around bar and casual dining made it a bit louder than a fine dining place. However I enjoyed it! It seemed like this place was the spot on a Friday night. Food - Started with the calamari. It was pretty good. Nothing extremely special here, but did its job or two. I had the lobster ravioli. It was amazing. Very good flavor, could not have asked for much more. Great tomato sauce over it. My girlfriend had the shrimp scampi filled chicken and she loved it, I only had one bite but it was pretty darn good.   It was our first time there and they gave us a piece of cheesecake for free! It was some of the best cheesecake I have ever had. They serve it with some strawberries, chocolate, and caramel on the side so that you can sample it. It was amazing.Price - it was a bit expensive, but I knew this going in. Our meal with a glass of wine and a beer was $78. That was with a free dessert. Not crazy by any means, but not something we could do every week. Overall a great place to eat. I will be back! 4/5!
5	This place is fracking (Excuse my Caprican) amazing.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants of all time.  When I'm in Vegas, this is where I like to go.
5	Ate there one year ago and it was fabulous...so when I came back to town I had to return... And I.wasn't disappointed!  The steak and eggs were as good as I remembered and the Bloody Marys are to die for.  This is my favorite breakfast place in Vegas!  Eight miles from the Strip? Worth the trip.
1	They call it Off the Strip, but it should be called Off the Strip with Strip Prices!!  Party of 2 and we ordered 2 glasses of wine, 2 cocktails, and 2 entrees.  The bill....$85 plus tip!!!  I have no idea how it could possibly have been that expensive without some sort of error, but I did not feel like getting into that conversation with the bartender (we sat at the bar) as the service was already kind of slow.  Ambiance is weird.  It is in a strip mall.  When you walk in the door, you walk right into the middle of the dining room and there is not a hostess stand.  That is awkward.  If you stand waiting for someone to seat you, you end up standing right over another table.  So I guess there is no one to seat you, which is how we ended up at the bar.  The decor is very random and inconsistent.  Food was very good.  We ordered the chicken and artichoke dish and the stuffed chicken with cheese and veggies dish.  Service at the bar was okay.  All in all, very good food, mediocre service, poor ambiance, and outrageously overpriced.  Would not go back.
5	Great food and service.  Rolled New York and the chicken wings were great. Bacon wrapped prawns were good but prefer it without the bacon. Fettuccine Alfredo was very good too. Definitely recommend and will like to return next time I'm in Vegas. Just a bit of drive outside of the strip.
5	I've been going to Off The Strip since it opened several years ago, as I live here in Southern Highlands.I have never had a complaint about their food or service! The food always has great flavor. I take my business meetings, family, dates, etc, to Off the Strip and everyone has always been impressed.Maybe I am not as picky as some of the negative reviewers here, but who cares if they have a single paint on a plain beige wall? Are we HGTV judges now? What I care is about the food! You don't like garlic? Oh well. I love it :) Everyone's taste is different; it doesn't mean the food is bad.And by the way, that wall is gone :) They expanded recently, added a full lounge, and now the place gets so busy sometimes, I've had to make reservations.The staff is super friendly. They know me by name, they recognize my voice on the phone and they are always smiling. :)Is it expensive? Yes. It's worth it. Their bacon wrapped filet mignon and their softball-sized meatballs are my favorites. Their house salad has great flavor.Overall, one of my favorite places.
3	It's been a while since we had eaten here. Since the last time we've been they've expanded their dining room and bar areas Which is great for them, but not as great for us. That feeling is gone, where you feel special and the staff are like old pals of yours. We had to wait for our table to be ready, so we sat at the bar for a drink. There were only 3 other people at the bar but we waited a long time to just get a drink, it would've been nice if she acknowledged us while making the other drinks. The main dining room is much more crowded with tables and chairs. Our wait staff at the table was pleasant and efficient. Free bread and butter after we ordered, love their bread! House salad to start my meal, a bit over dressed in my opinion. Shared the Crab Cake appetizer, they were very good, not greasy, lots of crab (not lump), nice crispy but light coating, and the beurre blanc sauce went perfectly. I ordered the Beef Wellington medium rare. I was served a Beef Wellington medium well (I didn't complain because I didn't want to wait for another one), it was still tender, but not as good as I remember. The gravy was a bit saltier than I remember also. The side of cheesy mashed potatoes were delicious. My husbands Wellington was overdone as well. The couple we were with didn't offer compliments on their food but they ate most of it. We skipped dessert. The prices haven't changed much from what we remember which was a plus. If we go back I'll be skipping the Wellington.
4	I liked this place.  I thought the appetizers were small but sinners are huge.
5	Recently moved to the nieghborhood and I have been here a ton of times, I just can't get enough!The staff is super friendly but doesn't over do it and kiss you ass. I can't stand overly friendly fake servers and here it's real and genuine.  When you walk in, you feel right at home. The food is just AMAZING. Every time we go I try something new and I am never dissapointed. We usually try whatever specials they have on the board for the day and I can not stress enough how great everything is. Anytime I want to have a rich homemade meal paired with a nice glass of wine, you will find me here. We have celebrated two birthdays here, had date nights here and everytime the service is great. Try the French style porkshops!! I had them two weeks ago and I am still thinking about them :)
4	I'll start off with this place has 5 star potential; however, we experienced minor hiccups with the timing of delivery of our meals.Here's the story:  we got to the restaurant, which we actually encountered when we went to the tapas place next store, sat at the bar, ordered drinks :) life was good.  Lots of steel metal and wood accents in here and the motif is just wonderful.They have TV's at the bar so that made my ADD self happy.  There was maybe 3 couples seated at the bar. Glanced over the menu. Couple things they have really healthy meals like pork chops and kale, salmon and brown rice, grilled chicken and veggies on their Summer menu priced at $15.95.  They have an extensive pasta list, as well as other Italian favorites.It's true, when you mention it's your first time eating there they do give you something free!  HOORAY free!  They served us the fried artichoke hearts, yum yum!  I ordered the scampi stuffed chicken breast over pasta and a salad [moderately prices in the low $20 range if I recall]  and my friend ordered [I wish you could tag other Yelpers in your reviews :)] pork chops and kale.Bread came out-good-white bread and rolls. hard to mess this up!Salad came out-great--[homemade dressing was very very good]Artichoke hearts came out-anything free is grrrreat!My meal came out-was very very good, a little too much oil for me but next time I'll say 'light oil', but enjoyed it all the same!Friends meal-missing! Where'd it go?  How comes he gets no food???Friend starts to eat my food too, he's hungry. I'm a sharer, sometimes.  5 mins later we're  told it will be out soon. We keep eating, I pretty much finish my meal, when finally (at least 10 maybe 15 mins later) his meal arrives. Bartender is obviously not happy food is not out so you can see the annoyance on her face. We went on a Sunday evening around 830, by the time we left around 10 pm, there was at least 7 couples at the bar.  Apparently, they are open till 11 and have a reverse happy hour!
5	Good food. Great portion size.
5	Great food & service!  We came here for a girls night out and everyone was happy with their meal. We agreed that we'd return for a future gno. We started with an appetizer...balsamic marinated steak which was filled with an asparagus and topped with a delicious gravy and tasty greens.  I had the chicken stuffed with shrimp scampi on top of angel hair pasta and a perfectly dressed, garlicky Caesar salad. This was one of those dishes that gets better with every bite $25.  The portions were quite generous too! I'll definitely be back!!  This would definitely be a great date night or family night out (with polite, well mannered kiddos of course:))
5	It is difficult to say something about this wonderful little establishment that hasn't already been said...So I will share my experience I had read reviews on "other " sites and based on those I wanted to try this place, yes it is a little off the beaten path but I appreciate that it makes them even more of a gem in my eyes. This is my new Davio's! anyone of my friends from Seal Beach will appreciate that remark that was my go to for birthdays, anniversaries and always New Years Eve. I can see this place being my go to for all that and more.We took my Mom here for her birthday which was a risk this woman is one of the fussiest most difficult restaurant patrons on the planet So lets begin the staff whether waiter, bus person, bar staff, or other employee each greeted us at some point in time, we were made to feel like VIP's they each take a moment to listen to you, and ask if is your first time, ask how the food was, ask if you are enjoying the experience they listen in earnest and become part of your party getting to know you. This is important because it shows they value their clientele, which is something you don't find everyday. The food was stellar, even the house dressing on the salad was creamy and done just right, good fresh chewy bread accompanied the salad that and a glass a wine and I am a happy camper! But wait there is more I had the "special" French style pork chops oh my they were mouth watering tasty (don't know if that is a real word). Mom had Chicken and artichoke hearts also bursting with rich savory goodness, my sister had Orange Roughy (which I don't see on enough menus) the portion was huge and her hubby had the salmon which was cooked to perfection.And before we could even consider desert we were presented with a complimentary piece of that fabulous New York Style cheesecake (yes the rumor is true) it is gratis for first timers! and that truly is the icing on the cake...best cheesecake I believe I have had, supple creamy and tantalizing to the tongue. All in all I don't give 5 starts on a first visit I believe there is always room for improvement but they won me over what can I say except Well Done to the staff at Off the Strip and out Waiter Rick for making it a truly memorable and enjoyable evening we will be back !
5	This was my brother in laws pick for his birthday dinner. At first, I admit my sister and I snooted it out by appearance. Our birthday dinners are usually gourmet restaurants. To my surprise, the servers were super friendly and the food was awesome. I ordered the shrimp scampi over linguini. Very good. Huge prawns were flavorful with a great sauce. My husband ordered the Fettucini Alfredo with shrimp the sauce was great and the prawns again were very flavorful. My sister had the penne with vodka sauce the dish was delicious. My Brother in law order the pork chops which were awesome as well. Very moist and flavorful. Even the salads were great. Did not have a chance to taste it but, my brother in law said it was the best caesar salad he has ever eaten. Will definetly return.
5	Lobster Ravioli and Chimay Beer... enough said! kudos to the adorable decor and amazing service! i recommend the place to everyone.
5	Great food in a very casual, locals-only type way.  Waiter/manager was great, providing food and activity recommendations.  Even gave us a complimentary piece of phenomenal cheesecake.  Will go back next time in Vegas.
5	Great service, great food! This is my new favorite place.  Chicken parm is delicious but enough for four meals, and the cheesecake is the best I have ever had!
4	Off The Strip is an excellent local spot. Always busy. The team there is really nice and ultra attentive to your wants. I would highly recommend it to anyone. There are some great dishes, but sometimes may be a little too saucy or flavorful. I love flavor, don't get me wrong, but you can leave there feeling a little rough if you mix too many things and I love to try alot of things when I eat. Don't let those thoughts stray you from exploring. This place is a definite favorite of mine still.
5	This place is a hidden gem. The service is excellent friendly and quick. The food is excellent as well. We mostly ordered pasta dishes they were all excellent but i want to try the pork chops ... it is a special on the board. I would highly recommend giving this place a try.
4	Nicest, most accommodating, and passionate staff I have encountered in a very long time. This wonderful restaurant is thankfully very much off the strip. Walking in, you are warming greeted and introduced to the special menu, seasonal, and regular. The staff is so caring that you feel as if you are at dinner at a friends house.The room is warm and casual yet tasteful. The food was great for the price. We had the caprese salad, crab cakes, orange roughy, and the protein dinner. Everything was perfectly seasoned and cooked well. As I said the real soul of establishment is it's team. Its truly a family owned and operated joint. I can't wait to go back.
5	My objective was to pick a good place to eat while in Vegas for my birthday, and came across this absolute GEM. I wanted to try beef wellington for the first time and saw that they served it, so I went there. It was the best decision ever! Not only did they cook the meat to perfection, (even when I asked for a well done welly) it simply melted in my mouth. I couldn't have asked for a better first experience with a food I've never tried before! Our waitress was as sweet as she could be, all smiles and politeness while serving us. She gets special mention because she gave me a free cheesecake for my birthday, and it had to be the most fabulous cheesecake ever created. At least that I've tasted so far. The manager came over to ask how our dinner was and was happily surprised to see how we could not stop raving about everything. Even the prices were reasonable for what we got. The fam and I went back a second day because they have now ruined us for all other Vegas food, so we won't want to eat anywhere else. I plan on being a regular there for every single trip now. Its totally worth it.
5	The first time I went to this place I was very sad because I was full and couldnt taste the whole menu. Why God WHY!!! Everything was delicious and service was awesomeBoth owners are usually there and they welcome you like you are family (guess their greek and italian genes dont let them act any different) Billy always welcome us with a warm hug.The servers, the bar tenders man..the whole staff is great.The location is great too if you live in the area. Decoration is simple yet nice. It has an indoor smoking room. yep separated from the rest of the restaurant. You cant even smell a bit of it. which makes it awesome because it caters for both groups (smokers and no smokers)If you dont feel like getting a table , take a seat at the bar. The girl (totally forgot her name) is awesome and fun . There is no gaming (which im glad for) but an awesome selection of alcohol and beers that she pours quickly right after you order it. No draft beer thoughAnd the food you may ask. Im gonna tell you.. Its DIVINE. Im gonna do you a favor and tell you to order everything on the menu and will dare you to find something not tasty. Thats how much I like this place. IF you dont like something..call me..ill drive there eat it and let you pay for it.The appetizers have some different takes on known classics. Their calamari, mussels , the rolled new york (a must), the roulade, are some of them that you cant leave without tasting .The entres..guys be careful because the portions are very generous and packed with awesomeness . I recommend a couple of apps and then one entre to share if you are not a viking/caveman like me.I havent been able to make it to the desert area yet but when I do I will report back .
1	I can honestly say I'm baffled as to why this place has such great reviews.  I honestly thought that I was in the wrong place at first.We decided to go to dinner here based off of the reviews and boy were we disappointed.  We were barely greeted by the host/waitress and told to just pick a table wherever we wanted.  We waited several minutes for someone to come with a menu, and when they did they just dropped them off and didn't say anything.  While reviewing the menu, they brought us some water and asked if we were ready.  We decided to order the Rolled New York (because of all the rave reviews) and Rigatoni alla Vodka. We were basically the only people in the restaurant and the food still took forever.  The brought us bread with our drinks, and this was probably the saving grace of the entire meal.  When our food finally arrived, I was severely underwhelmed by how bland the Rigatoni alla Vodka was.  For what the sauce lacked in flavor, they seemed to try and compensate it with black pepper.  To top it off, it was way overpriced and not worth it one bit.  Every bite felt like I was eating a forkful of pepper...horrible.  The Rolled New York was nothing to write home about and the steak part was overdone.The atmosphere was very casual and I could see why families and big groups would like coming here, as they wouldn't have to worry about behaving kids or loud conversation.  Needless to say, we probably won't be returning here for another meal.  Service was subpar, as was the food.
4	This is really cool place and the service is AMAZING! We had a great time and the ambiance was just perfect. A mixture of contemporary flair with interesting decor. I do want to share some details about my experience. Visited for dinner. 10/3/2012Service: Simply amazing. The waitresses were all smiles and very accommodating. I had several requests for my dish and they got them perfect. Both waitresses were always checking in on us and I thought it was great how they supported each other.  Nothing fell through the cracks!Ambiance. Casual and hip, yet romantic. Lots of energy in the place and you could see others were enjoying their conversations sitting around their rustic wooden tables and eating great food. Food (appetizers). The mussels oreganata are out of this world. I truly believe you would be hard pressed to find a more flavorful dish anywhere in town. The textures and flavors in this dish are very unique...you will love them. The sweet chili and bacon prawns were great but a little too sweet and spicy for my taste.Food (entrees). I was really excited for my beef wellington but unfortunately it was average. The pastry around it was thick and the sauce tasted like it came out of an instant gravy packet :(  The scampi stuffed chicken pasta was very good and the balsamic vodka sauce was incredibly flavorful.Price. For a casual dinner for two, $150 was a tad expensive for my taste. Do not get me wrong, the food is great but I do not think charging around the same amount as some of the high end restaurants on the strip entices customers to visit as often as they like. It their prices were a bit less expensive, I would definitely visit quite often. Overall experience. Great restaurant and I would recommend it to friends and family. Having said that, I would try other stuff on the entree menu and would most certainly NOT recommend the Wellington.
2	If you are looking for quantity over quality, then this is the place for you.  Portion sizes are ridiculously large and had I known that I would have split an entree with the boyfriend.  Food quality is just ok, nothing that would make me seek out this place a second time.  The house salad and the cheesecake were the standouts of the meal.  The chicken tristina was swimming in some sort of flavorless watery sauce and the chicken parm pasta was not good.
5	great food, great service.
5	With many LV bookmarks piling up on my list and Halloween night as an excuse to take a break from my studies.. Friend and I decided to check this place out. Came in to a quaint space with a full bar and main dining room and a side dining room. Ambient lighting and open-view of the kitchen. I tried to read the menu on the boards above the cashier, but was given menus and greeted with friendly faces. Ordered off the specials menu: Pork chops and tortellini Ragu. I took a bite of the pork chops and BOY did it satisfy my already ravenous appetite. I took a bite of my tortellini and it all blended so well together. Finished off a hearty conversation with a rasberry ale. I'll definitely be coming back to savor more of their delights!
5	Came in here for dinner and hoping for something good.  I convinced a friend to come with me and yes at first I was having a hard time trying to decide what to get.  Everything sounded interesting.  Our server was very nice, she gave us some time to decide and another gentlemen approached us for our order.  Now it gets good, he gives us a detail about the specials.  Place was a bit dark and I couldn't see all the way up to the front.  First thing he offered was the pork chops; covered in mushroom sauce with bacon bits and a side of mash with bacon infused.  "SOLD!" My friend got the other special Tortelini Ragu.  Our orders came with a side salad.  They had two different kinds: house and cesar.  I got the house and it was very good and the cesar was actually very different.  A bit spicy and those croutons had a special taste.  Didn't take too long for them to get our orders out.  My oh my.. that pork chop was very excellent! Smothered in sauce and bacon bits.. Two fairly decent sized pork chop.  Meat was just right, not over cooked where my jaw would hurt.  My friend's pasta was very good as well.  Portion was very huge and had to be taken home.  Pork chops didn't not make it home with me.  We were offered some desert and I heard that the cheesecake is good here.  Sadly, we were stuffed so definitely next time!Place is well open spaced.  Bar area and large flat screens with games on.  Great place to hang out and catch a game and some cheesecake.  Staff was very nice and I did scare him a bit when he came by and asked if "everything good."  I'll have to come back to try the other specials they had to offer and of course that cheesecake.
5	Kick ass service, amazing food!  Try the cheesecake.
5	After my fiasco last night (check my earlier review of another establishment) I went to off the strip a little apprehensive as I was with some picky eaters.  It didn't help that I had entered the smoky gambling bar on Tropicana of the same name and owners.  We didn't even try the Tropicana one as it did not look very inviting for dining.This was different.  No gaming, more of a restaurant feel.  We were greated by Megan who was cute, perky, bubbly and friendly and welcomed us warmly.  We were hustled to our seat and she answered all my questions about the menu with a smile, recommending the pork chop special which has been around for several months.  Megan and the other staff were all friendly and attentive.  We never went without water or one of them asking us how we were doing.  The garlic cheese bread was exactly the way it should be, the scent of garlic arriving ahead of the service as an announcement that the bread was on the way.  The salads were fresh and the dressing (which they put on the side at my request) was excellent.  Service was fast.  I had the pork special.  The pork chops were perfectly cooked, the cream sauce had great flavor and the potato pie was excellent.  Everyone enjoyed their meal and we had a nice variety, lamb chops, spaghetti with sausage, chicken.  I regret I didn't try the Wellington (still have never tried Wellington) but it just gives me reason to go back.At the end the waitress surprised us with a cheesecake slice that was to die for.  It was light, fluffy, with several syrups on the plate to dip.It was the perfect end to a total package dining experience.
3	Prices are too high for average food.  Need to be decreased across the board about 20%.  Same thing happened to Nicolo's next door, it was overpriced and closed up.  I hope they stick around but too expensive to go there that often.  Very good service though so that's good.  Too much raw garlic on caesar salad, it needs to be toned down or grilled slightly and this is coming from a guy that loves garlic so I imagine it's way too much for the average person.Like someone said the food lacks any special preparation or ingredients.  But what choice do we have in this neighborhood? Right, nothing.
3	price is too high for this type of restaurant.beef willington for $36? (I think $29 is reasonable)the rib ravioli has what taste like mash potato gravy , a bit too salty.the willington's sauce also taste a bit similar to the gravy sauce. it's cooked perfectly though. portion is not very big.the pasta is very large portion so it's worth the money.service is excellent
2	I know the locals prize this place for its down-home feel and non-Vegas Strip, earthy ambience. But quite frankly, the food -- while certainly tasty -- was over-priced and its location in a deserted open-plan mall gave me the willies. I think the two of us chalked up a near $100 check that evening.
5	The food was so delicious even though I ordered take out. The Caesar salad was dressed perfect and the Rigatoni Alla Vodka was so flavorful and the pasta was cooked al dente just the way I like it. Next time I am going to eat in the restaurant and try out some of the other dishes.
3	Prices are a little high....bar had good selection....cheesecake was WONDERFUL....the chicken dishes were good...pasta not so good....need more waitresses, one on Saturday night is not enough even though the gentleman that was really a big helper for her tried really hard to make everyone happy.  The table and chairs were not comfortable and very bare...absolutely no atmosphere...maybe seeing in the kitchen is a good thing but it sure did not make for a "dining " experience.  I probably will not go back unless I get a coupon and Ijust don't want to cook and if it is not a special occassion.
5	Outstanding food, service, and hospitality. Finally a restaurant who understandings flavor
5	My second visit. The first time I visited, I was not able to enjoy my meal because of being "under the weather.".  (What happens in Vegas....)  This time I had my full appetite and 16 friends and it was Nervana. You have got to eat here!  Unanimously, everyone thought was best meal ever.  We had the Around The World meal where portions of multiple dishes were served.  $700 + I had no regret at the best meal I had ever had.  It is really off the strip but well worth the drive.(Just found this review in my saved.  Was from July 2011. Had not posted it.  My wife and I went again last July 2012 and the food was as great as ever.  We will be back in June and guaranteed one of our dinners will be here).
4	Italian boyfriend means one thing, Italian food! This restaurant definitely requires a reservation, as it is small and busy. The interior was very relaxing and set a positive tone for our meal.From the moment we walked in the door the customer service was amazing. With a family of waitresses and waiters constantly checking up on us. The food was a little expense but the portions were huge! I got the chicken parmigiana and I could have easily shared it with another person.Overall a great atmosphere and great food. I would recommend this restaurant to those that like Italian food, and are prepared for some great service.
5	Friendly attentive staff, excellent food. Love the garlic caesar.
5	Not sure where to start.  I enjoyed everything about this place.OTS is located in a mini mall in the back of a large parking area, with other stores and shops.  When you walk in, there is a nice bar to the right, which looks like it is bigger than the dining area. TV's everywhere.  In fact, if I lived in the area, I would frequent this place often.  It is simply a very nice place.Jack walks up and takes my drink order and introduces himself.  We have a nice talk, he tells me he is originally from the North Hollywood, CA area, near my home. I ordered by taking my cue from their specials menu.  I went with the Lobster and Pasta, linquini.  This thing was so freaking good.  Some of the best lobster I have ever had.  Succulent lobster and the pasta was just right.  He brought me bread that I filled up on, which made it difficult to finish my meal.  So I am sitting there letting my stomach recover, watching a ball game or two, and Jack presents me with a large piece of cheesecake, on the house.  I was stunned.  And yes, this cheesecake was absolutely delicious and yes, some of the best I have ever had.  Great taste, great crust on the bottom.  Wow.I told Jack that, yes, the food was great, the service was great and the place was nice.  But better than anything, I told him he made me feel like a friend.Don't expect to get free cheesecake when you go here. But expect great food, great service and great people.  He asked me to tell my friends.  Well, I consider my fellow Yelpers to be my friends.  So I am telling you all, go here.  It is a little off the beaten path.  But worth it.And Jack, thanks buddy. Best of luck to you.  I shall visit you again when in town.
3	Food was good!,  Need more servers on Saturday night!    The prices are very high for a strip mall dinnig......
5	Love this place.  Great staff that makes you feel at home.  Great food!
5	Excellent food, service and prices! Just went there for the first time. My husband and I had the rib ravioli app and beef wellington for entree. First time having wellington, loved it! Also, our waiter brought us a free piece of cheesecake for first time patrons, excellent! good size portions too! I highly recommend it!
5	love this place! great food.....ordered 2 pastas dishes on 2 separate occasions and you can tell this place uses good quality ingredients...even if they don't they sure as hell fooled me!  Yes...I'm a fan!
5	Just went there for valentines day and was it busy, oh boy. Right when we came in we were greeted by the owner of the place. Insanely nice guy. We didnt have a reservation so it was a bit harder to get a table but they pretty much made us our own, was reallh sorry that he had to put us by the door but we didnt mind, we just wanted dinner. The staff is extremely friendly and they attend to you on a regular basis. The owner constantly walks around checking up on things which is a big plus for me. It was very busy so i didnt expect the food to come out very fast and its all made as fresh as possible so its not an instant thing. We ordered the wings first, and i must say that they were honestly the best wings i have ever had at a restaurant. Then i ordered chef Als special pork and she got shrimp pasta something. The pork was to die for. So tender and juicy, you can tell it was freshly made and didnt sit around at all. The food was beyond good and the service and staff were just great. My first time here and many more to come. A little pricey but after you eat the food, every penny is worth it. Amazing restaurant!!
5	Off the Strip is really as good as it gets.  The laid back bar atmosphere makes me feel like I could walk in wearing jeans and a t-shirt but the food makes me feel like I should be wearing a little black dress and red shoes with cute bows on them.This place is the real gem of the Southern Highlands plaza.  Even if you don't live in the area, it's worth the drive.  And if you do live in the area and haven't been here yet, what's wrong with you?I ordered the lobster ravioli, which was just all sorts of savory deliciousness.  The portion was well sized and I ended up with leftovers.  What I should have ordered though was the beef wellington, which my date ordered.  It was sooooooo good.   I'm going to go back just to order that and nothing but that.  It is just moist and flavorful goodness wrapped in a delicate and flaky pastry.The legendary cheesecake is just as amazing.  I heard that if you let them know it's a special occasion or it's your first time there, they might give you a free slice of cheesecake.  Well, we let them know it was my birthday AND our first time there and BOOM! Free cheesecake.  And it was extraordinary. The service was laid back but great.  Our server was really friendly and actually conversed with us beyond the mundane forced waiter-diner conversations. GOLD Date night seal of approval!
5	I wasn't expecting too much when arriving at Off The Strip.  I was just looking for something to eat close to home and I remember seeing this place and it getting good reviews on yelp.Let me tell you I was very impressed with the food and service.  We ordered the Chicken Parm, Eggplant Parm, and the special on the board which was the Chops.  The chops were cooked to perfection which was covered in this great sauce with chunks of mushrooms and bacon.  The Chicken Parm is ridiculous!!!  I mean the chicken could feed a small country its so big. =) Seriously, both the eggpland and chicken had great flavor and a nice crust as they must put it under a broiler for the cheese to get crispy and cheesy.  We also ordered a meatball on the side which was the size of my fist.  i can't wait to go back and try the Lobster Ravoili.  The prices are very reasonable.  great service.  Jack was very helpful with the menu.  cheesecake was good too.  a must go!!!
5	While it's location is a little unassuming, this place is top notch!  The staff is ALWAYS super friendly and very attentive.  They always make you feel welcome.  We are regulars, but they've treated us like that from the start. They have a very nice selection on the menu and everything that I've ever had has been great.  Really!!  My favorite meal is to start with the "sweet chili and bacon prawn" appetizer, then a Caesar salad and finally the filet with vegetables.  Awesome!!  I love the garlic flavor in the Caesar salad.  A good wine suggestion that is not on the wine list is a Cabernet called "Educated Guess".  A funny name with an interesting label and a very nice wine. To finish, their coffee and cheesecake is awesome.  One piece is plenty to share with 2 or 3 people.  Especially after such a great meal. Not that you should go to a place just because celebrities go there, but we've seen some dining alongside us at this restaurant located in a strip mall.  It's that good. They did a wonderful job of transforming the interior decor to a warm and comfortable eatery.  I HIGHLY recommend this place!!!
5	I loved the fall off the bone ribs. Their NY Steak was the best, and the Shrimp Scampi was just delicious!!!
5	This place is absolutely AMAZING.  It's got such a laid-back, cool ambience.  But don't be fooled.  The food here is to die for!  I got the chicken parmesan and I must say, it's the best chicken parm I've ever had IN LIFE.  The best place to go late night for some quality food and drinks!
2	Maybe I ordered the wrong item...grilled salmon. It was just ok - definately not trying that plate again. I will say that the one bite I had from hubbys pork chop was.delightful. I agree with a lot of other reviews that the decor and atmosphere could improve for the price you're paying per plate.  Service was good and yes we got the free cheesecake which was a nice gesture. We will be trying it again and this time I will order a locals fave. P.s the bread does suck!
4	Saturday night about 6, my wife and I were greeted right away and allowed to choose our own seat. The water and menus reached table quickly. The staff were very friendly and on top of there game. While we were waiting, we saw Floyd Mayweather come in with his crew. They sat at the bar and there was no ruckus. My wife ordered chicken parmesan and I ordered the meatloaf. Each came with a salad. We also ordered calamari as an appetizer. While we ate our salads, bread was brought to the table it was warm and crusty but lacked flavor. The calamari was among the best I have ever eaten in my life. The texture was perfect. The batter was flavorful and it came out nice and hot. The dipping sauce complimented the calamari without overpowering it. My wife's chicken dish was HUGE! A huge chicken breast fried to perfection covered in cheese on top of a bed of angel hair pasta. The sauce hot hot and full of flavor. The meatloaf was very tender and had different layers of flavor. I was a little disappointed with the mashed potatoes. They were instant potatoes. The same type I make at home. I like them, I just have higher expectation from a restaurant that serves amazing calamari. The gravy over the meatloaf tasted like it was from a package as well. It was ok, but again, I have higher expectations from a restaurant like this. We took some rice pudding home and were very pleased with it. Our meal came to, just over $56. There are several other thing on the menu I would like to try. I just hope things are a little more homemade and fresh.
5	Found this small restaurant on yelp... Wow!! The food is amazing, the service great!! It is a small place. We waited for over 30 minutes. Well worth the wait. The Pork Chop, Baked Eggplant, and Chix Parm. Wow!! Will be back.. We do not want to for get the Cheesecake. :):)This place is a hidden treasure Off The Strip....
5	LOVE this restaurant one of the best in VEGAS and you don't have to take out a second mortgage!
5	Just amazing! Can say anything else. Wish these guys took online reservations, I would be there more often. Thanks Billy & Tom
3	Living in So Highlands I wanted to see what the hype was about. I ordered the meatloaf for takeout. Fresh vegetables & mash potatoes came with it. I agree with many reviews stating the overuse of garlic. Just a bit too much for my taste. Garlic has its place but too much isn't a good thing. Gravy seemed very salty. I'll try it again maybe the chicken parmigiana.
3	Entree dishes are great with large portions. not overly fond of the side salads. Too pricey for everyday dining and the ambience is lacking. They tout their tasteless cheesecake, while not horrible, I have had much better at a lot of places for less money.
5	Jack was an awesome host and all servers were friendly and attentive.  The beer selection was very good.  I ordered off the daily special board and was served an exceptional 20oz. Bone in rib eye.   I very much enjoyed the entire experience.  Thank you State Farm Agent Cody Clark for the recommendation!  We came from our hotel on the strip and loved it!
4	I gave them 4 stars because this place is nice and a clean. This place is fairly big and has several tv's. They have a full bar.They are very attentive and the food came out at a decent time. On their food I'd give them 3 1/2 stars. The Mussels Oreganata was very good, not over cooked, the panko crumbs gives it some texture and they give you extra bread to dip in the sauce. My husband and I are more on the savory side when it comes to flavor; my scampi stuffed chicken was a little on the sweet side, It was cooked perfectly and not dry though. My husband got the Al's special pork chops which were very tender and juicy, still more on the sweeter side than we'd prefer. Overall nice place we go again to try other things on the menu.
5	I wrote a review 6 months ago.. But we are back for our fourth visit and I absolutely love this place! The best service ever! Plus they love garlic like i do:) Donna and Rick are fabulous!
4	What a cute little place! Bacon chili sauce prawns were amazing. And mmm... Homemade cheesecake. Can't wait to go back! The only issue was our beef wellington was a little undercooked, but not enough to send back or not snarf it down!
2	This place was highly recommended to me by a friend of mine that lives in our neighborhood, but I wasn't impressed. I ordered a beer, none of which they had on draft, and got a skunky relic that I could barely finish. After that, I was too skeptical to order anything to eat, and their food prices sealed the deal there. It is right up the street from me, but I have avoided it since.
5	We've been to Off the Strip twice now in the past month, and both times we have had a wonderful experience. Every single item that came out of the kitchen was amazing. We had their calamari and tomato caprese appetizers, and both were gone within minutes. For the main course, my husband ordered their chicken alfredo and I chose the shrimp scampi, both with Caesar salads to start. Everything was phenomenal. The dishes were  both very fresh and seasoned perfectly - no complaints here! After dinner we ordered their famous cheesecake, and it did not disappoint! The wait staff has been great both times we've been in there, very responsive and they always have a positive attitude. The atmosphere is casual, with a few TVs playing behind the bar. Honestly, you wouldn't know it from looking at it from the outside (or from the inside either!), but the food here is some of the best I've had in Las Vegas. And the prices are incredibly reasonable for the quality - added bonus!  I'd recommend this to anyone, and will likely be back there again soon.
3	This is always a favorite local spot for us and we truly love the food. Great quality dishes with amazing flavor. We have always had good friendly service at this restaurant but it saddens me that our last visit left us not wanting to return. Our experience started off warm and friendly and we enjoyed our dishes as usual but 2 specific incidents regarding our service were quite disturbing. We discovered one of the martini glasses we were sipping out of was chipped in 2 places on the rim. When we told our bartender about it she didn't offer to exchange the glass or make a new drink, which would be the standard response in any establishment. She instead informed us she was trying to save on glasses and she would try to give another glass once my partner finished drinking that one in the chipped glass and she brushed it off as if we were to just deal with it. We insisted that she change it out for any other glass at this point due to the potential health risk.When it came time to pay our bill it arrived 20 minutes after we asked. Once it finally arrived we waited another 25 minutes with no interaction from her. We decided to inquire again about paying our bill as we were under the impression she just forgot about us by this point as she continually passed us by. She finally took the bill and another 15 minutes went by with no interaction when we finally again inquired about our bill and she lost her temper on us stating that the machine was not responding and she wasn't only bar tending she was also serving food at the bar and she was very busy and had many other things to do besides take care of our check. Maybe she just assumed we had the time to sit there and wait over 50 minutes while she tending to the 2 other couples at the bar. Her tone was really condescending and rude.That being said we have been to this restaurant numerous other times when it was much busier and the service was always timely and friendly so maybe she was just having a bad night. Neither of these situations are really a big deal if handled respectfully and with some industry standard communication to the customers.  Simple responses like "sorry about the glass let me exchange that for you right away" and "sorry about the wait and thank you for your patience" would have done just fine.I don't enjoy going out for a nice dinner in the evening where I feel I am inconveniencing or bothering the staff and especially don't appreciate being ignored and then spoken to in a rude manner with no regard for our time so unfortunately we won't be returning to this establishment.
1	Went there on a Monday night, it was the worst meal I've had in ages. We waited 10 minutes to get some water, asked for bread 4 times. We ordered the tomato caprese salad which was 4 slices of a supermarket plum tomato and 4 slices of past its prime tough mozzerella on 4 basil leaves for $12.50. It was not worth $3. We ordered from the light menu. Pork chops tough, not cooked to order and tasteless. It was supposed to have lemon butter, both were AWOL. The penne pasta with chicken was terrible. The pasta was first overcooked then let to dry out under a heat lamp, light on the chicken. This place did not live up to its highly touted reputation.  We waited 35 minutes for the main course after we finally ordered. Service was extremely slow, the bus boy and the waitress barely acknowledged us. We will not be going back.
4	Came here for dinner tonight and was pleased with the experience. Happened to arrive during happy hour (which is until 630) and had a lovely glass of Malbec for $5. My boyfriend also was able to get a craft beer for $3. Sat at the bar and the bartender was very attentive and nice. Got the short rib ravioli appetizer which was delicious. I got the spaghetti with a (huge) meatball and my boyfriend got a chicken dish with veggies and mashed potatoes. They also had a nice extra menu of healthier options that we both just happen to have avoided, oops. But a good option nonetheless. Both entrees came with salads, house dressing was a vinaigrette that was pretty tasty. I would recommend this for a good off the strip option.
5	They have expanded and added a Bar and more tables.  It looks even nicer in here then it did before.  I do believe that the food also somehow got better.  I didn't think it was possible but it did.  Still don't want to look to casual in there as it is a bit of a nice place.
3	Went there for just drinks, seemed nice a casual.. I think from the other reviews I'd go back to try the food ??
3	On both of our visits, we were accompanied by another couple. The first time, they both us and the second time, we returned the favor and brought another couple. Both visits were very pleasant. The first time had to be 1-2 years ago because it was before the expansions, which are very nice! Anyway, the food is great, but nothing really stands out as spectacular. On our last visit, we started with the garlic bread as an appetizer. Our server warned us that it was very garlicky, which we appreciated, but didn't mind and it was good. Something you would make at home on Spaghetti Night. We all ordered Caesar salads with our entrees and were, again, warned of its extreme garlic nature. Even with the forewarning, it didn't prepare me. It was really, really, REALLY overwhelming and as much I truly love garlic, I couldn't even finish the small salad. It was way too much. Next time, I'll order the dressing on the side. For entrees, I had the Spaghetti alle Vongole, one of my pasta favorites and Italian restaurant go-to menu items. The garlic wasn't as overwhelming in this dish, but certainly strong (I wasn't warned this time). The clams were chopped up and muddled with the large slices of garlic - I am not a fan of this preparation (I'd prefer the clam still in their shells). However, it was still very tasty and I did enjoy my dinner. Someone in our party had an issue with their entree and the situation was handled very awkwardly. The server removed the dish, but didn't mention anything else about it. It seemed more like a misunderstanding and in the end, I felt it was handled well with removing the entree from our bill and delivering a complimentary slice of their housemade NY-style cheesecake. If anything brings me back to the restaurant, it would be this magnificent cheesecake (and the service!). It is SOOO delicious. It's served with caramel, chocolate, and strawberry sauce and it's just perfect. The cake itself is soft, moist, and not dense like most cheesecakes, the crust was scrumptious, and the side sauces added your own flair per bite! Anyway, service was wonderful and I love the casual, but elegant atmosphere. It's also great to not have to go anywhere near The Strip (haha)! Oh, and we also really enjoyed their Riesling selection (Starling Castle).
3	The restaurant has it made.  They have regular clientele, a great menu, nice specials, and good service.  The food is great, but it wasn't something that I was going crazy over.  When I stop in to places that have such a rave reputation, I truly expect to be blown away in terms of flavor and creativity.  Their bread service is fantastic, their appetizers are delicious, and my steak was cooked perfectly.If I had to say one negative, it was the seasoning on my steak.  I don't like a curry-like flavor on steak, and for some reason the seasoning had that taste.  Other than that, it was good food.
2	Went there Monday 8/12/13 with a party of 8 for my birthday dinner.  I wish I could give more than 2 stars because the food was amazing.  BUT the service was probably the worst I've had in a while.  We were seating at our reserved time, but once we started to order our drinks, those were all messed up and drinks weren't brought out.  Then we got to ordering our appetizers and entrees 20 minutes after we were sat.  It took 40 minutes (8pm) to get our salads and app's, then it took another 45 minutes (8:45pm) for our entrees to come out.I would understand if the place was busy, but it was really only half way full.  Spaghetti and meatballs were amazing. Meatballs are probably the best in town.  But the bad service made everything unenjoyable.  And I hate when I have to repeatedly ask for refills.
5	My husband and I absolutely love coming here on date nights!! The food is ALWAYS so delectable and amazing. Anything we ever order always taste amazingly homemade with a bit of fanciness. My husbands favorite meal is the Beef Wellington, it's really good. The staff is always friendly as well which is a nice plus. I don't prefer to bring my children here, for me personally I don't think it's the right fit.Besides that all in all we love this place!
4	I've been here a few times. The food is great and a cool atmosphere. My only question is why an authentic Italian restaurant is serving a mediocre bread basket with slabs of wrapped butter? Seems low end for the quality of food. How about warm, crusty Italian bread with olive oil and balsamic? Otherwise- great food.
2	GOT GARLIC?? Don't understand what all the fuss is about on Yelp. Anyone who thinks this place is worth 5 stars , hasn't had REAL food before . Apparently the chef thinks the more garlic you add the better . I like garlic as much a the next guy, however i could not eat the Cesar salad due to the amount of garlic. It's too much when its too spicy to eat due the the high concentration of garlic . The pasta is just ok , def. not worth the price . Especially the fact that this place calls itself OFF the Strip, and still charges the same as much better restaurants ON the strip. I Have lived in the neighborhood since this place opened and this was my first and last time . Not worth the price for the food they serve.
4	Service was a little slow and the chairs are a little hard but the food is great and the decor is cool
4	I have eaten here a number of times. The food is always excellent and plenty. Service is personal, friendly and efficient. One of my favorite local places.
5	This place is fantastic! Great food, friendly owners, & always a like-family atmosphere. Definitely recommend this place. Don't really have a kids menu but is kid-friendly.
5	1st time in and I will be back.  Stacie was an awesome bartender.   She made us some amazing handmade margaritas.  Try the rolled New York and ragu sauce
4	Off the strip is my new spot for rigatoni alla vodka it is just like uncle Tony makes it.. The staff are very nice and the cheese cake is my favorite in town...But I didn't care much for chicken parm. The app's I tried were very good.. So yeah 4 stars all day.
5	Excellent service, even though it was a busy Saturday. At our table we ordered Beef Stroganoff,  the special pork chops, and the Chicken Saltimbucco. All was amazing, including the cheesecake. I highly recommend this place!
1	The food had a lot of potential but fell short due to simple over/under seasoning. The Caesar salad was bland. The potatoes that came with my chicken saltimbocca was amazing. The Marsala sauce for my entree was way too salty and the veggies that came  with the entree were not seasoned at all. I would consider going back if the vents above where I was sitting were clean. I uploaded a photo so you can see for yourself. That dust was falling into the food I was eating...and if they can't keep the area that guests see clean, what's it look like in areas that I can't see?
5	We haven't been there since there expansion, but so glad we returned! Now that we live closer, I have a feeling it will be our new "go to". Tom was a gracious host, his recommendations were on point, and really made us feel like we belonged there! The food was amazing, generous portions, fresh meatballs made daily, The Only linguine with clam sauce that I have ever enjoyed in this city. Great wine list, fantastic ambiance! Go there and eat lots!!!
5	Off the hook should be the name...the service is so cool, the family style dinner concept with no menu is great, the passion the owner had for the business is apparent. 7 course meal, dessert hmmm great cheesecake!!!  Good wine selection, best place I've had the pleasure to eat at in Vegas, and I've hit a few great spots,
4	Came in here around 9:30am with K.O. We came here specifically because we wanted to try the the Beef Wellington after watching a show with Gordon Ramsey in it. When we came in we were greeted by a very friendly waiter. The restaurant was pretty empty so we were seated very promptly. The waiter went over some of their specials and explained the menu to us a little bit.Appetizer-tomato caprese: never really a fan of this dish but it was ok here. We split -beef wellington: we both had the Caesar salad with our entree and they weren't kidding when they said it's super garlicky. It was delicious. The beef Wellington was super juicy and tender and the knife cut through it like butter. The outer crust was very crispy and flaky and delicious. -lobster ravioli: this dish was a little lacking. The sauce was kind of bland. It just didn't have that much flavor. This was the only dish we were disappointed with. Now we paid for the check then decided to check out the dessert menu last minute. The waiter was really cool about it and just gave us a complimentary slice of cheesecake. He said that we had to try it and it's on the house. He wasn't lying when he said the cheesecake was delicious. It was very cream cheesey and the bottom graham cracker crust was delicious. Only reason this place didn't get 5 stars was because the lobster ravioli wasn't up to par. But everything else was spot on. Will definitely come back and try some other dishes.
5	This place is absolutely amazing. Wow.
2	I heard about this place and finally got to check it out, and I'm guessing it was not the best time to visit. This past Friday night the special was Mahi Mahi, and mine was so over cooked as to be almost ruined. I'd have sent it back, but the place was so busy, and the wait to get what we had was so long I decided to just settle for what came. My guest said the same about his Eggplant Parm, over cooked and he did not even finish it or take the rest home, that's how bad it was. The bill for the two of us was over $100 with just two cocktails involved, and even these were mediocre at best.  I won't go back, at that price point, there was just no excuse for the long wait and the poor quality of the entrees.The place expanded to add more seating, and when it did, the overall quality seems to have suffered, or so my guest, a local resident, told me afterwards. He apologized for recommending it; talk about awkward.The bread was even of poor quality; to be fair, the salad was really good, one of the best I've ever had at any price, the Really Trashy Garbage Salad, yes that's the name, was great; we got ours with mozzarella instead of bleu cheese. It was wonderful, and provided the basis for the forthcoming major disappointment.
5	I come here very often and am yet to be disappointed. Every meal is delicious and well prepared. Great food for half the price you would pay on the strip. They also have a good selection of wine. Family owned and friendly staff.
5	First time trying this restaurant, but it won't be our last! Incredibly friendly staff (I think our server was Katie), and the food was terrific! We had the bacon-wrapped stuffed prawns, which were delicious...you've gotta try these! My husband had beef Wellington and I had penne pasta with grilled chicken and vegetables. Both excellent. And in honor of our first visit, the server brought over the homemade cheesecake...mmm... Can't wait to try more items from the menu!
5	Tonight on a return trip my husband had the meatloaf (comfort food when raining). He said it was the best meatloaf he had ever had! The bartender offered a complimentary cheesecake (since we had never tried it before) and let me tell you.., save room for the cheesecake! Another yummy experience! Wine selection is exceptional for a local place!
4	Always good food and drink
4	Great choice if you want something not from a mega casino. The food was tasty and fresh and the staff was friendly. BTW - portions are huge!
5	My husband and I had spent the day touring Hoover Dam and planned to dine in at our hotel. I wanted a steak but the hotel restaurant was closed. Being the owner of a small restaurant in the Chicago-land area (Nu Crepes) I looked to Yelp for the answer. And boy was I happy to find OTS. The Beef Wellington was/is absolutely amazing. Cooked perfectly. Melt in your mouth goodness.The potatoes that comes with it should be against the law they're so good.  Caesar salad is the bomb. The steak wrapped asparagus (forgot the appetizer correct name) is so good it made my eyes roll back in my head. Tortilla soup made my husband sit up and speak if its goodness until the bowl was clean. Our server was so friendly she kept bringing us more bread and different salad dressings to try. You can tell she loved working there. She also gave us a free bottle of  Death Valley soda when I told her we just spent three days there. And of course just like many of the other reviewers stated, we were given a free slice of deliciously wonderful cheesecake. I overheard a brief conversation she had with another table when she brought the two gentlemen their free piece of  cheesecake..."what's the catch" they said...she said, "no catch, we're just nice". Indeed they are and it shows in their food their genuine love for their restaurant, product and their customers. I also appreciate their open kitchen. We do the same at our restaurant. Keep up the good work. Can't wait to come back. Thanks for a most enjoyable, delicious dining experience.
5	I've been wanting to try this spot out for a long time now. I'm glad I finally got around to it. Food was top notch from the salad to the Wellington. My drink was always full, which is a sign of their attentive service. Oh and let me not forget to mention their decadent cheesecake which our server offered for free coz it was my first visit. I think I could see myself being a regular lol
5	Unpretentious mature atmosphere, fresh fast food with accurate menu descriptions and great service .
5	Great food, great service! Ba must visit when in Vegas!  Save room for the homemade cheese cake!
4	I love the food and the staff! The meatloaf is the best I have ever had. Stroganoff is excellent as are the French pork chops.  Seats are uncomfortable and it is very crowded, you feel like you are eating in a small cafeteria but that said the food is so good it is worth it.  Just don't sit too long as it is very uncomfortable and if it is cold out make sure to take a sweater as with the opening and closing of the front door you will be chilled.  My main suggestion would be GET MORE COMFORTABLE CHAIRS! It can be cold in the restaurant in fall and winter.  I love this place and we go there once a week but I DO wish they would change out the chairs!
5	Our first visit will not be our last.  The service impeccable.  We ordered chicken wings appetizer.  So finger licking good.  Our entree was salmon special sitting on top of zucchini.  The other chicken saltimaccaPerfection.  The French bread and Caesar salad started our meal.  The super yummy cheesecake was on the house for first time customers.  Yes yes
2	FRESH calamari and the most awesome gravy ive had in a long time. Homemade cheesecake is light and creamy, not heavy and cakey. This place has something on the menu for everyone!Open the door to this open-kitchen slash rustic-brasserie slash sports-bar slash italian eatery and you're instantly smacked with the delectable aromas of baked and stewed italian favorites.Wins:--awesomely fresh calamari app with the best tomato sauce (gravy) anywhere.--homemade cheesecake for first-timers. Wowow.--pasta was out of the world with moist perfectly-cooked chickenBut....Ugh:# caesar salad bland. Missing egg, lemon, cheese and anchovy. Don't call is a caesar.# butter served in peel-your-own foil-and-plastic pad onesies.# bacon-wrapped prawns swimming in generic sweet and sour gook. What a shame.# steak-wrapped asparagus in marsala mushroom sauce overcooked and slimy. Too bad.# filet mignon promised on menu as cut to order, but it was clearly not. Ive had better from the grocery manager-special clearance bin.Veg was pitiful. Sliced zucchini bland and old. Barely tepid.Plop of potato mash, bland, boring, almost cold.Service hit or miss. Little coordination or communication, just lots of staff walking around doing something else besides serving.Regular patrons get the attention.
5	Great service phenomenal food. Best Wellington I had so far in Vegas! Go see Pauli he is the perfect host!
2	Been extremely positive because the food and people were extremely good. Not so much this time. Went back on Dec 24 expecting the usual good vibes. Not there, place felt different. Neither of the bosses were there but, more important, there must have been a different "chef" because the food was just not acceptable. Sausage appetizer was delicious so all was well in this barren corner of Vegas. I tried the linguini in white clam sauce. Incredible, there were no fresh clams, just bits of clams probably from a can, and not enough garlic to bother a vampire. My wife's dish consisted of a large meatball which was really underwhelming, and a good sausage and passable pasta. Place was never cheap but always a good value when the food was up. A 20 minute drive to this backwater and poor food for $100 with corkage is NOT a good or even acceptable value. As far as I'm concerned Off the Strip will remain a freeway too far for my return. Sad, value restaurants are really hard to find.
5	Excellent beef Wellington.  They have a different location in summerlin that has some amazing appetizers I wish they would get in sohi.  The sohi location does have a new side item which is to die for, truffled Mac n cheese.  I used to go to smith & wollensky on the strip just for this dish.  Now the chef from wollensky is working at off the strip sohi so we should see more positive changes
4	Great neighborhood restaurant that's not in a casino. Would go back and recommend. Had the lamb chops and it was delicious!
5	My favorite local restaurant and the whole place has a friendly, fun atmosphere. It's like cheers. Everyone who knows each other just randomly show up each night to congregate. Kind of fun. And billy and tommy are the best. Especially billy. :). The cheesecake is better than my Italian family's recipe. Amazing and friendly staff. Fun karaoke in the back although it's.  5 star fine restaurant. Food to try: filet mignon wrapped around asparagus and cheese app.. The asparagus soup was some of the best I've ever had, I just added a little cholula and I could literally drink this out of the bowl. In fact, I believe I licked my bowl clean. There are also some short rib ravioli (I'm not even a fan of short rib) but these served with the mashed potatoes how they do are absolutely phenomenal. Everything comes with amazing warm bread, the wedge and Caesar salad are amazing and they also serve a low fat low carb menu which is to die. If you live in the southern highlands area this joint is a must. My favorite local hangout by far!!!
5	OUTSTANDING!!!  Pasta is always perfect.  Friendly, Great food, great service.
5	Being just around the corner, I eat here weekly. Either dine in or takeout. The food is Phenomenal! The staff is even better! I recommend the chicken stuffed scampi, eggplant parm, chicken parm, salmon dinner. There are also great healthy options that are very tasteful. This is a must try and an excellent option better than on the strip dining with off the strip prices and the friendliest staff!
4	My husband and I are always on the lookout for great places to eat at a reasonable cost.  Off the Strip totally delivered!  You do need a car to get there from the strip.  We are staying at the south end of the strip, so it was about a 10 minute drive - well worth it!  We went on a Monday evening and were seated immediately.  I was happy right away as my favorite wine was on the menu, which is unusual.  I started with the wedge salad (it was a special that day).  It was great!  So many wedge salads come with half a head of lettuce, a few bacon bits thrown on and some cheap nasty bleu cheese - not this one!  The lettuce wedge was the perfect size - not too big.  The bacon was freshly cooked, the dressing wonderful, and the presentation lovely with sliced tomatoes and green onions.  My husband had the house salad and he said it was good.  For dinner, I had the scampi stuffed chicken.  It was served over angel hair pasta with some kind of wonderful balsamic cream sauce.  I wanted to lick the plate, the sauce was so good.  The chicken was delicious - it looked like a plain chicken breast, but inside - the most delicious shrimp scampi (how did they get it in there?!).  My husband had the rigatoni bolognese; he added on the "softball" meatball.  Our daughter plays softball - he had to have it.  It really is a softball-sized meatball.  He was very happy with his food as well.  I did taste his rigatoni, and it was good (I preferred my own meal, however).  For dessert we had to try the famous cheesecake and it was excellent.  I enjoyed every bite!  Caution - it was quite rich, and the slice was big.  Easily shared between two.  The atmosphere is casual and comfortable.  No fancy dress required, which I love!  Donna was our server, and she was great!  So friendly and gave me good recommendations and advice.  We enjoyed talking with her for a moment at the end of our meal.  The service from everyone was excellent - timed perfectly, drinks were refilled quickly.  We did not feel rushed, which I very much appreciated.If you're in Vegas with a car, definitely go.  Better food than you'll find on the strip at a much better value!
4	The bachelor of our party wanted beef Wellington and Gordon Ramsey's place wanted $240 min per person charging more than the menu for a fixed menu.   So he found this place.   As we drove for 15 minutes watching the Vegas lights  disappear in the distance our hope faded  for quality.   Especially when we pulled into a strip mall with a McDonalds in it.  Store front looks like and glass walled sport bar in a strip mall.  Not impressive.   Neither were the tables and chairs.   A few of us were worried, a few other resigned to mediocrity.But you know what, for the most part  we were delighted.   One of the owners Tom came over and gave us a  long but cool history and menu description.   When he said no beef Wellington left, we all laughed at the groom...but you know what, Tom made it happen.  He talked to the chef and they made 6 of them for the table.Server Rita was great, especially being her 2nd day there, handling 14 rowdy guys,My meal - gin and tonics, well made.   Solid, can taste the booze.App - shrimp wrapped in bacon in an Asian sweet sauce.  Really good, I quite enjoyedSalad - Caesar - a waste.  $8.50 for a little bit of chopped romaine  lettuce with a weak not Caesar like dressing.   In fact everyone disliked their salads, skip them!French pork chop - was well done but still super juicy and the sauce was excellent.   Really enjoyed this.   Guys who had the beef Wellington said "very good to excellent"Pros - apps, drinks, main dishes, serviceCons - salad, decor could use some helpOverall we had a great meal and time here.   4 1/2. Stars is a bit more accurate.  The other owner Billy helped us get back to town and the action of Vegas.  If I find myself in the burbs again, I'll be back.   Tip - coming from Vegas get a limo for a large party.   Cab might be too pricey,
4	It's delicious food and great atmosphere. I prefer to sit at the bar than at the tables. It's definitely the perfect spot in Southern Highlands. I recommend asking about the secret menu. Pretty bomb dishes off there. And the cheesecake is amazing!!
5	All the staff is friendly and professional, Pauly was our waiter and was great! Warning the chicken parmesan is a monster size portion so be hungry! Thanks guys we will be back! Mike & Janine
5	My wife had been wanting some beef Wellington for a long time but we had a tight budget on this trip and it put Ramsey out of our price range. Reading the reviews for OTSB I knew not to expect much in terms of appearance and it lived up to my expectations, but the food and service more than makes up for it. My wife had a Margarita and it was really good, fresh ingredients make the difference. The Wellington was excellent! Melt in your mouth savory goodness. My son had the fettuccine (wich I had to get a little sample of) and it was cheesy creamy goodness. The quality of the food shows they take pride in there work. A definite dining stop next time we're in town. Ohh and the cheesecake! You have to have cheesecake... Thank you OTSB, it was a great experience. Excellent quality food!
5	Great atmosphere that's the first thing you notice when you walk in. Very inviting and friendly staff with a casual and energetic crowd. Most importantly the food is very flavorful and a very filling, with generous portions!
5	Our favorite. We love the food ... we love the staff ... we love the ambiance.  It is a bit on the pricier side but have yet to be disappointed with any of our experiences. To save, try their happy hour ... their sliders are going to be the best you ever tasted!
4	I recommend this restaurant. We ordered the rib-eye and lobster ravioli dish they were so good best rib-eye I've had in a long time. It was by far better cooked than some restaurants I've been to on the actual strip. The ravioli dish was big too not like some of those dishes that leave you still hungry. . The waitress that waited on us was so so nice. Highly recommend this place.
2	I'm fairly certain this is the first restaurant I've eaten in where the server was chewing gum.    4 or 5 visits, but I think I'm done, none to write home about.  That's all I've got to say.
4	Tried this place out for the first time and was very impressed.  The food was EXCELLENT! We had a large party, so we were able to try out a decent chunk of the menu.  Where this place really stands out is their steak (the ribeye was amazing!) and cheesecake.  This is quite possibly the best cheesecake in Vegas.  The calamari was really good as well, the sauce is what does it.  Atmosphere is fairly plain, bar type.  For the price of the food, I was expecting a more comfortable, upscale bistro. All in all -  Food was delicious.  Atmosphere was unimpressive. Price was higher than expected. Most entrees were in the $30 range.
5	We went Friday night and it was out of this world.Food was fantastic - service even better.We particularly likes the halibut and scallops.We are from southern California and so tiered of fighting the strip - plus paying their prices.  This wonderful restaurant has it all - a must go!  Special thanks to Stephanie!
2	Wow, what a disappointment. I've had this restaurant hyped up in my head soooo much, thanks to friends and family. We were celebrating a birthday so we had a party of 12.Walking into the restaurant, there's no dedicated hostess, hostess stand, so you walk in lost. While the other patrons of the restaurant just look at you awkwardly smiling. I was greeted by a nice random guy in a tshirt and hat talking to some of his friends at the bar. I'm going to assume he's the owner/manager.Once my party was there, we were sat at picnic folding tables which means if you're sitting at the end, your feet have no where to go. The service was a mix of okay and terrible. Our server was a loud, exciting, bald gentlemen who did a good job with being attentive to our needs. When he got to me, I ordered the Beef Wellington because I've been told how amazing it is by my friends and by him. I asked, because it doesn't say on the menu, if the potatoes that come with this dish have pork/bacon in them because I religiously don't eat pork. He said they do, and he'll sub for something else. When I got my meal, I received a double order of zucchini and my beef Wellington. I said, no biggie, I had enough bread anyways. Half way through my first piece of "Medium-Well" Wellington (ordered Medium) I tasted bacon. So I asked our server, is there bacon in the Wellington? He said he doesn't know. But he'll find out. Shocking he doesn't know the proteins in a single dish that's the most expensive thing on the menu. He came back very sorry saying, yes, there is bacon in Wellington. He apologized and apologized and said he'll take it off the check. I decided not to reorder, and eat of my friends' plates. When we got the check, the Wellington was still on my bill. I'm not one to argue about paying, but that's ridiculous. The server screwed up when he was well aware of what I couldn't eat, the owner screwed up by not putting this on the menu, and it totally ruined this high expectation restaurant for me. I wasn't looking for a free meal, but with that kind of mess up, I'm shocked that this restaurant didn't take it upon themselves to do the right thing and hold themselves accountable for their own mistake. And not hold the customer accountable for something that wasn't told by the server and not said on the menu.
3	More of a three and half star, but I can't do it so they got the benefit. It was a slow night and they were already out of two dishes that I wanted to try out which was odd for an earlier weekend night. The atmosphere doesn't match the higher prices on the menu. The food quality was good as expected but not amazing. The service on the food coming out was slow and there were not many customers at the time. However, I would go back though to tryout other things on the menu
4	A friend and I had dinner here last night. The food was delicious! I got the scampi stuffed chicken, and my friend got the daily special scallops. The service was excellent, and they gave us a free slice of cheesecake for dessert since it was our first time. My only complaints are that the prices are a bit steep, and the chairs are pretty hard and uncomfortable. However, as I mentioned before, the staff are incredible, and the food is really good. Off the Strip is worth a try, and I'll definitely be back.
5	Excellent food, service and decent prices for what you get. I have been here twice and have not been disappointed. On my last visit, I had just gotten out of the hospital and needed to eat and was desperately craving..."REAL GOOD HEARTY FOOD"!!! I hit the nail in the head with this place!! I had the special of the day which was Mahi-Mahi in a Thai chile lime sauce, served with fire roasted grilled veggies and a fluffy wild rice pilaf with a nice glass of Chardonnay. The fish was fresh & the veggies were not soggy. My meal ended with a slice of their decadent cheesecake and a rich n bold cup of coffee!! Not bad for under $45dllrs for all including tip!!
5	Get in your rental car and head to Off The Strip! Excellent informal attentive service. You are taken care of like you're a guest in their house. Food was spot on and perfectly prepared. It is so NOT of the over-rated, foo foo celebrity chef, on-the-strip culinary genre. Just good food done well. As far as price... well I don't know. My friend won at the blackjack table and picked up the tab for the table. :)
5	Great food, great service. Had a fabulous experience
3	This restaurant receives a lot of rave reviews from locals, but I honestly feel it's a bit overrated. Sure, the menu features some pretty good food, but most of the items seem overpriced considering this spot's location, interior, and decor. I read a review that said the food at "Off the Strip" should cost 20% less than it does and I would have to agree with that assessment.For those who want to play devil's advocate, yes, the dishes here would definitely cost significantly more at a restaurant on the Strip (and I would probably have no problem paying it). But this spot is "off the Strip," remember? Even a side of asparagus (which comes with 6 or 7 little pieces) costs $8 here! I know asparagus is expensive nowadays, but that is ridiculous... If I'm going to pay that much $ for that little asparagus, I'd better be overlooking the Bellagio fountains or the Wynn water feature -- not a strip mall parking lot...I honestly believe this place is only popular because there are so few decent restaurant options for Southern Highlands residents in the immediate area. The staff also does a pretty good job of making their guests feel really welcome here. In fact, according to multiple people I know, "Off The Strip" usually offers a free piece of cheesecake if the waiter finds out it's your first time dining there.I would recommend this restaurant if you live nearby or you're visiting some friends in Southern Highlands, but I would steer you away if you live on the other side of town or you're a tourist visiting Vegas. There are a lot better options both on and "off the Strip."
4	This place is off the chain!I had the Shrimp Scampi Stuffed Chicken and we all thought it was wonderful!  Gourmet food for a reasonable price and a very comfortable atmosphere.
5	I dragged my boyfriend to Southern Highlands so he could try the food for himself.  He got the chicken parm and I got baked salmon on a bed of warm quinoa.  Just fantastic.  On top of that, the waitress gifted us a slice of their AMAZING cheesecake since he was a newbie.  I will definitely be coming back!!!
5	My husband wanted to try beef wellington and this was a great place to go for this first time experience!  Not only was the food delicious and the service great,  but this place was a lot more inexpensive than everywhere else for the same quality of food. Our server, Rita, was the best! She even hooked us up with a free piece of cheesecake at the end of our meal.  And what a delicious ending it was!The salad was crisp & fresh,  the mashed potatoes were exquisite and the French pork chops were all tasty. My husband enjoyed his wellington.  Don't let the fact that it's off the strip in a strip mall keep you from trying this hidden gem!
5	Damn!  That is all.  Pretty much perfect all around.  Service was just absolutely amazing, the waiters and hostess cared for us SO well.  Their wine of a month was a fantastic Pinot Noir, that I had to get a pic of the label.  Just buttery and amazing.  The four of us ordered different entrees, including two specials and they were all magnificent.  I'm not a gourmet cook, but pretty close and there was nothing that I could think of to improve.  The prices are very reasonable and the food is just flat freakin' amazing.  Just go already!!
5	We have been to Off the Strip in Southern Highlands a number of times and have NEVER. Been disappointed. The lasagna, baked ziti, and beef stroganoff are all fabulous and even their kids chicken strips are hand breaded and amazing.  The staff is always friendly and the crowd seems to be a number of business-type regulars who obviously have good reason for return. However, the absolute best part of off the strip HAS to be the cheesecake. It is very moist and creamy and puts all others to shame.... Even the restaurant that uses the famous dessert in its name! A definite must try if you've never been, you won't be disappointed.
5	I am never disappointed when I eat here.  Service is always on point and the food is the REDICULOUS!
5	First I want to say, the night my boyfriend and I came in it was about 30 mins until closing time and anytime we walk into a place that late, I expect lesser quality service. What we got was FAR from that. The lady who served us was so friendly, genuine, and attentive that it was as if we were her first customers of the day. We ordered a pork loin dish with an amazing gravy and a pasta dish and both were very good. The restaurant is medium sized with dark lighting and a bar. Very clean and cozy. To top it all off, our waitress brought us a complimentary slice of their cheesecake at the end since it was our first time in. For sure, it won't be our last!
5	The first time I came here I only had cocktails and dessert. Their cheesecake is the absolute best!! This time we actually had dinner and the food was 100% delicious! We had the Garlic Pesto Bread, Caesar salad, Truffle Mac N Cheese, Carrot Ginger Bisque Soup, and the Spaghetti Squash Pasta. The presentation was great and each dish was perfectly prepared! You can really tell the flavors are carefully thought out. The restaurant has a very intimate feel with a high quality menu but it's big enough to accommodate large groups. The owner and staff are super friendly and welcoming, they really made us feel like family. Our server was Donna and she was excellent! The only thing I didn't like was that the Caesar salad had too much dressing for my taste but that's just my preference.  I'll definitely be back and maybe even celebrate birthdays here, this place is a gem.
3	My wife and I came in one Saturday evening thinking it was a steak restaurant.  Surprise, its Italian.  Food was good, but a bit pricey.  Cocktails were also good.  Service was ok.  Not sure why 1/3 of the restaurant was unused.  There are many good restaurants in this Southern Highlands Plaza.  I'm just not sure this is the best for the price.
5	Visited for the first time today. It's my wife's birthday, and she has wanted to try this place for a while now. I'm very glad we did! Great food, TONS of choices, everything is very fresh, the portions are HUGE, and our server, Steph, was outstanding! Highly recommended!
5	I have been going to Off the Strip for two years now and today is the day I'm writing a review. This place is amazing not only in food but in service.  This place always remembers me every time I come here (Rita the best waitress by the way). Now on to the food, I've had the filet minon and its spectacular from the first bite to the last its like an orgasm with every bite its that good.The second dish I had was something I've never heard of,  Scampi Stuffed Chicken wow is all I have to say. Its a chicken breast stuffed with shrimp served over noodles. Mouth watering right. And finally the Beef Wellington I never had a BW before it was soo good it tasted different with every bite and Rita my awesome waitress told that its better than Gordon Ramsay BW. I believe it. This is my favorite restaurant and I love I hope many people go its worth every cent you pay and I will be back. Oh and this is how badass this place is on my birthday they gave me a free cheesecake with a candle in it.
5	This is our favorite place to eat as a family ;) their food is just amazing and my girls are in love with the salmon Caesar. Donna is the manager here and she is always welcoming even on their crazy busy nights ! Best of all the cheesecake is to die for !!!! Best one in town hands down.
5	What an awesome experience!  Pretty unexpected given the random location but the food was great....and the service was even better.  Our server, Stacey knew all the details of the menu and even how the food is prepared to help us make a decision.  The chef sent out some complimentary apps that he is thinking of adding to the menu and they were tasty.  Everyone seemed to generally care about us as customers and were thankful that we were there.  It was a nice change of pace from typical Las Vegas restaurants.The atmosphere deserves a mention as well.  Nice vibe, lots of TVs and a closed off smoking area if you're into that as well.
5	Adding this to one of our regular places here in Vegas.  Beef Wellington was incredible as well as the service.
5	Amazing service and wonderful food. The best Italian food I've ever had. Ever. The atmosphere is laid back but the servers and chefs are the true gems at this location. Wonderful people that serve up wonderful items. I will be sharing this place with my family and friends and I will be back soon!!
5	the food was amazing,my steak was perfect,potato pie omg,cheese cake was delicious,great service,great portion,i be back.
5	Owner also puts out if you're unsatisfied with experience!!  All around awesome efforts to keep their clients happy !!
5	Love this place, everything is great! Pork Chops, steaks are exceptional. Try their Caesar salad it is great.  Save room for their cheesecake it is amazing and tastes like New York Cheesecake.  My only complaint is the chairs, they are hard and uncomfortable so we hurry through a great dinner because of comfort.
3	Food was good, just not great in my perspective .  Staff was nice, but they are all seem to be high school kids, so not real polished.   I probably wouldn't eat here again.
5	This place is great. Wonderful food and great service . Nicole our server was the best. This was our first time here and we will be back.
5	This was far and away the best place I ate at while I was in Las Vegas. The staff was amazing! Everyone was so friendly and attentive. The bartender even took the time to introduce himself and ask my name, which has never happened to me in my life. If that wasn't enough to blow me away, the food definitely was. I had the lasagna special, which was rich, cheesy, and cooked perfectly. The cheesecake was also amazing - definitely had that homemade taste which I love. Highly recommend this place - you're guaranteed to leave with a smile on your face and a very full stomach!
5	I come here all the time and it's primarily just to pick up a takeout order. Everything we get is always good, always on time and the staff is awesome. I too have a small business and for what they're doing, I wouldn't do it any other way.  If you live in Southern Highlands it's definitely going to be your favorite go to spot for good food.  (Or carry out)!  These guys rock...!  Thanks for all the great experiences OTS!
4	We wanted an evening away from the hubbub and ding ding of the Strip, so we headed out to Off The  Strip which is about 12 miles away. It is a small bar/restaurant with a pleasant atmosphere. The food was excellent and so was the service staff. I will definitely be back in future trips to this area.
1	I don't understand why this place has so many stars. It seems to be a bit schizophrenic. Is it a pub? Is it supposed to be fine dining? It isn't a comfy ambiance, and the food wasn't anything special, especially not for the price. I won't be returning here.
5	Went to Off the Strip due to Yelp reviews. Four friends interested in Las Vegas  for golf, gambling, and some delicious food.  Highly recommend this restaurant. Had the pork chop and had to take 1/2 home.  Salads come with the meals, so that was a nice touch.  Felt extremely welcomed from the minute we walked in.  The restaurant is not fancy, but clean and we felt ok in our golf clothes.
3	Good, but certainly not great.  I feel the menu is a bit pricey, considering the atmosphere, and food quality.  Did I like it?  Yes.  Would I go back or recommend, probably not.  Service was excellent.  Just nothing special, and higher prices not justified in my opinion.
5	This place is Amazing!!! My girlfriend and I wanted to try a new place for dinner that's close by the house. Let me tell you, the food was amazing and so flavorful! She had the Salmon and I had the Cajun Ribeye. Along with that we tried many other menu items and even the Cheesecake, and WOW it was delicious! To top it all off, Donna the GM took the best care of us while we had our dinner. She was the nicest, most pleasant and down to earth person! She was such a sweetheart and her service along the food was absolutely amazing! We will definitely be coming back here regularly!
4	I have been here about 10 times, it has a pretty solid menu selection and the food quality is good.  It lost some of the character when they expanded on both sides, however, it is a lot less wait time to get a table. Some the best menu items are the Caesar salad and the cheesecake is by far the best thing there.  I will definitely be back.  A little on the high side price wise.
5	This place is really unique, in a good way. They have a lot of awesome looking things in the menu and the atmosphere is very nice. Darker lighting, and nice look gives a good place for a date or romantic dinner. I had the Cajun chicken aoli and it was very good! The best part of the meal was the cheesecake. By far best I have had in vegas. If you're going to try anything, make sure it's the cheesecake!
5	Food was great and the staff was quick an attentive! Really enjoyed my dinner at this place!
5	My husband and I wanted to try something new and I am so glad he recommended this place! The food is RIDICULOUS and the service was amazing!!! The restaurant was cozy, laid back and all of the staff made you feel like a regular. We will definitely be frequenting this restaurant.
5	I love this place!
4	My BFF drags me here like twice a week & i must say I like it. the portions are huge, the food is delicious and the service well its just "special"... special in a good way.  Quaint little cozy spot to "tie one on" and stuff your face with lovely strip quality dishes :)
1	To be honest I was unable to eat the food and from what I observed it looked good. We found this on yelp and I took my son, his expecting wife (due in two weeks) and 4 year old Granddaughter to dinner on Friday night. When we walked in the manager or owner walked up and said we will have a table for you in five minutes, we are just waiting for a table to leave. 25 minutes later we were still waiting and they were seating people with reservations ahead of us. When I balked the manager confronted me and said I should have had a reservation. Clearly he was right  but he never said anything about that when we walked in and I don't think he should have angrily confronted me when I complained. Don't go here without a reservation. It small and more of a bar than a restaurant.
5	Off the strip has the best steak I have ever eaten. The customer service is exceptional. Just a bit pricey.. But u do get what u pay for.
3	Food is very good, and is a good value. Service left a lot to be desired. Don't expect tablecloths and candlelight. Think pizza joint with pizzazz, and somewhat epicurian offerings. It is a storefront operation in a shopping center with about 40 seats. If you don't have a car... foggedaboudit, too far out.
5	I took my father here for his birthday dinner. It is located in the Southern Highlands Shopping Center, close to my favorite tapas joint, Barcelona. We did our homework prior, perusing the menu beforehand. My parents and I were very excited.From outward appearance, it doesn't look like much. The same goes for the interior. It isn't a fancy place and most people were dressed casually. There is a bar to the right and the dining area is to the left, with basic tables with tablecloths. A good sign is a packed house on a Thursday night at 7pm. We had just missed Happy Hour, unfortunately.We were seated at a 4-person table in the corner. We had just settled in and were immediately greeted by our sever, Jesse. He was warm and jovial, already making us laugh as he took our drink order: Martini for my dad, Sangria for my mom, and a Cucumber Martini for me. The drinks were one of the things that were basic. Nothing special here.After looking at the menu, we found more things we wanted to try. We started off with an appetizer: The Rolled New York. It was the perfect amuse bouche. The description, Choice Black Angus New York Strip cut thin and wrapped around grilled asparagus and provolone with basil and sun-dried tomatoes. Dressed with a Marsala mushroom sauce, was exactly that. I don't like steak and I enjoyed this.For my entree, I got the Orange Roughy Franchese. Per description, Orange Roughy lightly floured and pan fried with white wine and shallots. Presented with lemon butter sauce over angel hair pasta. I had never had this fish before. It was cooked perfectly, flaky, and light. The sauce was delicious. An abundance of pasta with a great portion of the fish.My mom got the Lobster Ravioli. Per description, Ravioli stuffed with lobster dressed with mushrooms and asparagus in a sauce of red ripe tomatoes, cream and shallots infused with vodka. One of the better ones I have tried. I good amount of lobster per portion. A very nice sauce complementing the pasta. She enjoyed her choice very much.The birthday boy was excited to try the French Pork Chops. Per description, Grilled and baked pork chops topped with cream, bacon, mushroom, and wilted onion over mashed potato. I am so happy that my father absolutely loved his entree. He couldn't stop raving over it. He is difficult to please and had zero complaints. The piece I tried was so good. I agreed with him that he had the best entree amongst the 3 of us.They are served with a side salad, a choice of house (lettuce mix with cucumbers and tomatoes in a balsamic vinigarette) or Caesar salad. Basic, nothing special here. Also were given bread (sliced italian bread) and butter. Again, basic, as it sounds.Our server checked in with us throughout the meal. It was the perfect amount and he came to us quickly for drink refills. His only added to the wonderful dining experience. My dad loves to joke around and he was able to make us all laugh. The kicker at the end was the slice of cheesecake that was brought out with a candle for my dad. I didn't have to ask for it and it was a sweet surprise for my dad. The cheesecake itself was top notch. Beats Cheesecake Factory's Original (plain) Cheesecake. You can tell that it is made inhouse. Cheesecake is my father's favorite dessert. It was the perfect ending to a near perfect dining experience.At the end of the evening, the owner approached us to ask about our meal. He was gracious, inviting us back to his establishment.The overall dining experience was an A+ in my book. The prices were reasonable to me. However, I am use to L.A.'s exorbitant restaurant prices, so take my opinion as you will. To the casual diner, yes, this place is a tad pricey. However, you do get what you paid for. We are looking forward to taking my brother and his girlfriend the next time they come to visit. A dining gem in a shopping center. A great local business to support.
4	Probably one of the best, if not the best place to eat in Southern Highlands. The food was great, nice atmosphere but the service was a little slow. . We usually go at least once a week. They have a very good happy hour and a nice bar as well. I would highly recommend this place to anybody and always take family and friends.
5	I am cautious about giving 5 star reviews but this place warrants it. The service is as good as it gets, great ownership, and the portions are borderline gluttonous. If you do not stop here on your trip to Vegas you will have done yourself a disservice. The food is fantastic!
5	We went out to dinner not expecting too much, because in Vegas it just seems like whenever we have high anticipation it's all  disappointments, but  to our surprise, the food was absolutely amazing! Our waitress Nicole was extremely nice and very assertive. We started with an appetizer, rolled ny steak with asparagus inside, tasted great. Then I had a delicious salad with house dressing, like a balsamic base and again, a home run! Then I ordered the rigatoni with marinara sauce and a side of 2 meatballs. I must say itwas the best meatballs I have had since grandma when I was 10 years old. The marinara sauce on the rigatoni was also very good. Then we tried the filet which our friend had which melted like butter in our mouth with a perfect sear to the outside and a perfect medium rare on the inside, cooked to perfection as ordered. Then we had a cheesecake to die for! All in all 5 stars and an awesome dining experience!
1	Went in on christmas eve after seeing a show on the strip. As I walked in with 3 other people I heard the manager or owner (older blonde lady) say "Ohh  Come ON! in a frustrated tone like you gotta be kidding me, while she is standing in the kitchen and approached us and told us that they were closing at 9pm in rude tone, they had people eating inside and no sign stating that they were closing early. That's why we walked in. She clearly has no kind of customer service and said "oh Come ON! so loud that my boyfriend and I heard it across the room.  We have been coming to place a few times and now we won't be giving them anymore business!
1	Food smelled great when we walked in (2 of us), asked for a table, 2 waiters consulted each other, one waiter said it would be a 5 minute wait, just sit at the bar and we'll get you when your tables ready.  Sat at the bar, 1 woman on one end watching TV halfway thru her meal, a couple halfway thru their meal on the other, we chose the middle seats allowing 3 empty chairs either side of us, so we are pretty visible and alarmingly drinkless and menu-less.  Bartender made no eye contact for 10 minutes despite walking back and forth several times serving the already eating diners.  We then saw 3 ladies walk in who also were told to wait at the bar til their table was ready.  So in the ten minutes we were at the bar, those girls who arrived after us were served drinks and handed menus, bar back walked past the bartender who saw we were sitting there awkwardly asked us if we needed anything, told him we were waiting for a table, brought us water, we asked barback for 2 shots honey jack, he told the bartender and went to do his other duties.  So ten minutes after that i watch the bartender make 6 drinks for a waitress, close out the 3 ladies tab AS THE WAITER SAT THEM TO A TABLE, (mind you they came in about 10 minutes after us), still no shots we ordered or eye contact from bartender as he passed us a dozen more times.   So 30 MINUTES LATER, our waiter skipped us and gave away our table, bartender ignores us, 2 different waiters forgets about us, shots ordered forgotten about, we look around for assistance, bartender deems not important to remind staff we've been waiting for a table.  We get up slowly making our way to the door, no one notices us and we leave.Service from bartender: NEGATIVE 10Service from waiter: JUST PLAIN FOR GOT ABOUT US.Service from barback: OUTSTANDING.So if you are a cute couple looking for good service and wanting to eat something, anything, look else where,  if you are 3 nice looking cougars, don't worry, the staff will easily ignore waiting patrons and skip the others before you and seat you priority.  NEVER COMING BACK, don't like being ignored and forgotten.   Garlic bread did smell good though. (Don't know if that's on the menu because never received one.)
5	My experience at this establishment has always been fabulous. I read the rating, Chyna wrote about Christmas Eve service, the server she speaks of is the very reason we go in there, she has amazing customer service and people skills. The food is amazing and I cannot hold it against the staff if they are anxious to go home to their families on Christmas Eve. This is a great place to eat, but for us, the best part is this server, she is hands down 5 STARS!! Can't wait to return
5	Found this small place on yelp. 10 min from I15&215. We were lucky to get K-rod as a server. She was bubbly and attentive, and cute.Had special shrimp bacon Mac n cheese for appatizer.  Beef stroganoff FANTASTIC.  Wife had eggplant parmesan. Double fantastic. Don't miss this place. Our new favorite in sin city.
