5	Yum!  Homemade pizza.  I ordered up the Butcher Block:  Sausage, Pepperoni, Meatball, Ham and Bacon Bits and it was delish.  I'm looking forward to coming back to see some hockey, check out the other eats on the menu and play a little Shuffleboard.
5	Okay I didn't want to write this review people..not because I didn't have the best time in Vegas in a while, but because I knew if I gave this place 5 stars and talked it up so much I would lost the place to a lot of people! (Forgive me I don't like to share..LOL) But I just had to do it. I saw a coupon for Brooksy's like 2 weeks ago and figured I had a credit I would try it out. I then went to Brooksy's website and saw that Friday and Saturday nights are Ladies Night! Women we drink from 5pm-midnight half off! And it's not just WELL DRINKS it's every drink! I was thrilled to see that. Usually on a Friday if you want to get into Happy Hour you have to rush from work and you usually don't get more then 2-3 hours of the good stuff! Well that's not the case here! The bartender Tammy was the best! We also had server Sandy that made sure my husband's birthday was done up right! Now to the food. Bar food at it's best a good thing but Brooksy's Sampler made me feel like we had enough food for the troops! We order 2 of them which was only $10 a piece and got more then we asked for! They didn't give us our moneys worth, they over passed it! They have a junx box but it didn't work but Sandy said no fear. They had Direct TV and she put on the music and that's when our party got into full gear. Now here's the best part. It's right next door to the LV Ice Skating Ring..so for all the people who like and love hockey you can eat and drink and actually watch the game! There's a clear wall that separate Brooksy's from the Ice Skating Rink! You sit on the end and you get to see a great game! We only caught a pick up game but thought we have to come back and watch a real game(and I don't even like hockey..LOL). All I can say about Brooksy's is save me a seat if everyone is going to steal my new GEM that was found in Vegas. You got good people, great service, tasty food, and did I say LADIES NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 1/2 DRINKS 5PM-MIDNIGHT! You can't get any better!
5	They have a shuffle board table and a good view of the hockey games
5	Hey Brooksys,We love this place ever since we had a Groupon.  You have great food , drink prices, and shuffleboard is fun too!  The only thing you are missing that would make me and my friends frequent much more often is if we could play Buzztime trivia at your place.  We want someplace other than Buffalo Wild Wings to eat and play trivia!  Please consider getting this trivia.  Check out the site.  http://www.getbuzztime.com/   Thanks!
1	Service from waitress lastnight was horrible! How did this girl get hired? She came over took my friends order then wondered around the room talking to all of friends and loyal patrons for next 10 minutes. After 20 min. We realized she was not coming back I took the matter into my own hands and went to the bar and ordered myself. I looked at the service printer to see if maybe the bartender just over looked the order and there was nothing there. So I ordered through bartender, payed for the round and this waitress came running over grabbed the order apologizing for not getting it earlier. I said don't worry about it. Then she brings the pizza over to us and didn't even bother to bring other plates for us to eat off of. Then she brings the bill over to us and sure enough she charged us for the round of drinks we just payed for 10 minutes ago! I  told her we allready payed for the round she forgot, she disputed and told me just pay the bill cause I served them to you. I said you delivered drinks that I payed for that's what you brought over. I got up to discuss with the bartender what was happening and as I walk away the waitress calls me a "dick". As I walk over to talk to the bartender I look at the service printer and there sat the round of drinks she just put the order in to cover herself I'm guessing. I asked the bartender to look at  the order  and took to look at my receipt of the order I put in 20 minutes earlier. Then the waitress walks over to me and asked me where I worked challenging my critique of her service. I replied. " I work in a place where under no condition am I allowed to call my customer a Dick". Then the bartender made a managerial decision to comp the check and defuse and escalating situation.  I WILL NEVER STEP FOOT IN THIS PLACE AGAIN !!!!! AND NEVER RECOMMEND IT TO ANY OF MY FRIENDS.!!!! To bad. We were going to make this our industry hang out spot.
4	This place was very high energy during a Friday night hockey game. I had a great time and Tammy, the bartender, was awesome. This was not my first trip to Brooksy's but it was my first visit during a live game. They were very busy compared to the 2 or 3 other times I have stopped in for a drink. It was a fun atmosphere and the drinks were flowing. I also found out that Friday is ladies night. All of my drinks were half price. It was a nice little bonus when the bartender handed me the check. I was entertained while quenching my thirst for a cold draft for less cash than I expected. I left a happy lady with plans to return.
4	Hmm, I'm surprised I haven't written a review for this place yet.  I've been here a few times for beers and hockey watching.  Not a great selection of beer.  I usually get Blue Moon.  Typical bar food, but the blackened chicken sandwich is pretty good.The great thing about this place is you can watch people play amateur hockey through the amazing plexiglass windows they have overlooking the ice rink next door.  It's usually not really crowded so I've always had a great view of the action. The servers have always been nice and helpful when I've been there.  If you like hockey, check it out.
4	Nice, yet typical neighborhood bar and grille with one exception: Big glass pane windows overlooking the hockey rink, on a given night there's probably a game or two to watch. The place is casual though, really nice bartenders, comp well for gambling. Great happy hour, beer prices anyway, it's like $2 for a draft.The chicken parm sandwich is pretty decent. Good size chicken breast and the sauce is thick and doesn't soggifiy the bread. Sandwich with soggy bread = FAIL.Their mozzarella sticks and chips/salsa - both of which were pretty tasty, the tortilla chips were freshly fried and just the right amount of salt.They jukebox plays a cool mix of old 80's rock - at least on Fridays. It'd be nice if they had a pool table but they do have shuffleboard if you're into that. I'll be back, especially when I want to keep if cheap and not feel like I'm having to cut back. It can be a little quiet in here, unless there's a hockey game on the big screen or a hockey game in the rink
4	Typical bar setting and atmosphere pretty basic, great happy hour deals including 50% off for ladies :)The bartenders are very nice and attentive. One even kept offering my bf cigs when he ran out.Be prepared to wait outside for a little while if you go there during a game or on a Friday night. It takes them a minute to unlock the door after you ring it b/c they are so busy!
4	Brooksy's is a nice, chill neighborhood bar. The menu is pretty standard, the draft choices are pretty minimal, the service is alright. What really sets this place apart is the wall of windows that looks out upon the neighboring Ice Center rink! That is what brings me back. Whether it's a hockey game or just free-skate...it provides a nice, fun, and new form of bar entertainment. You can only look at a tv for so long. But free live hockey games, complete with pucks flying at your window and the hope/chance of watching a fight on the ice. Well that's just good ole fun!The menu is alright.  For appetizers I like both the garlic knots and the chips and salsa. The chips here are good, not like most places. They're hard to describe...I'd say they're like if a tortilla chip fucked a sun chip, they would give birth to this piece of delicious goodness!I've never had breakfast here, and never had the pizza that people rave about yet. But a few of the sandwiches like the Chicken Parm and the Blackened Chicken, as well as the turkey burger, are really good. The fire fries are excellent too...if you like fries I always recommend getting those as your meal side.So if you like watching live hockey while eating a decent meal without breaking the bank, check this place out.
4	HOCKEY!!  It's got a real ice rink... for those from the north.  Some video poker.  Food ok... but again... HOCKEY!
4	Fun bar, hot video poker machines sometimes paying out over $10K a week! Food is standard pub fare but it's really good! The wings are nice and crispy, the garlic knots are seasoned nicely, garlic fries are super yummy, buffalo chicken pizza is good, regular pizza is good, sampler platter is huge and can be shared, and the salads are huge. The only item I did not like at all is the turkey burger. It's apparently a "new" item, but I was thinking ground turkey, and what I got resembled ground turkey sausage pattie that was chunky and had no flavor. It made my stomach turn. Many other options to choose from though. Service is questionable when not at the bar. Bar staff is really attentive to refills, or food orders. Roaming waitress however, I'll agree with another patron, forgetful, chit chats for too long with patrons, and if there are multiple checks in your party, lol good luck. You'll have Joe's pizza on your check when all you ordered was a beer! Instead of waiting for 20 minutes for her return to check on the payment of bills, we typically just sort it out on our own with IOU's.
4	Always good for a beer and semi-healthy snack when you're waiting for your kids to play a game.  AWESOME staff.
4	Loved the Shuffleboard game here. We had it all to ourselves the day we went. 1 con - because this 'bar' is attached to the ice rink there are kids in and out with their parents or whoever brought them, going back and forth to the bathroom, running through the front door etc. I just never thought a bar was a place for the kids to be taking over, just sayin....
1	All I have to say is... meh. I don't really like to trash talk, but I did not care for this place at all. The layout sucks, the atmosphere sucks, the food was extremely mediocre, and the service was horrible. I had a chicken parm sandwich that was so bland and boring. The sauce was horrible and it wasn't as warm as it should have been, cheese wasn't completely melted and it seemed like they just whiipped it up and threw it in the window without a care in the world. Bartender Tammy wasn't personable at all. She wasn't quite rude, but she definitely did not have a personality at all, and did not seem even happy that I was in there, which I would think she would have been being as how there weren't that many people in the pkace at all. She is probably why, I am guessing. I won't go back here. I hate to say that because I am a firm believer in giving a place a second chance, but nothing about my experience there was positive and there is nothing about the atmosphere to draw me back in. Sure, the skating rink is cool, not a lot of bars have that, but it doesn't make up for the bad service and food.
4	If there any bar that truly reflects just taste of hockey in Vegas this is the mecca. On any given day/night you stop by if nothing going on in the bar, tv, or need entertainment all you need look out the windows see going on the ice. Given some of the hockey never be NHL vary from youth too adult leagues. If fan of the game (I love the game) kind of cool think go too local hole in the wall bar see some hockey! The bar it nothing really special about it. It basic local bar or more hockey players bar since most of the adult leagues at nights see player go too the bar with teammates for couple beers after their games. They do have nice HH Monday-Thursday 3-7 $2 draft beers and they serve pitchers. I find not many bars serve pitchers of beer anymore. The food they have special prices for HH. I never have  been there for the food honestly  just support teammates and drink after the game. They have basic bar food pizzas, wings, fries, and nothing special. I never heard bad things just basic bar food. Nothing too rave about or make you want have dinner. If looking hang out at local bar in the area and mix things up watch some hockey over beers this is the place too be..
1	Nope. Still no bueno...
4	Ate here simply because we were playing in a hockey tournament at the attached ice arena. This isn't our 1st time playing in this tournament at this rink and we were all very happy the bar had been updated. It is much cleaner, food is better and the wait staff is much friendlier. Looking forward to coming back next year.
3	This bar and grill is attached the hockey rink that my husbands hockey tournament was taking place in over the weekend.  It was expected to be 90+ degrees in Vegas so I somehow managed to forget to pack a jacket (duh!) so I was a little under dressed to be spending time in a freezing hockey rink. I was lucky that Brooksy's had an entire glass wall where you can view the game and also order food and drinks in a nice cozy environment.  The service here was great. Even though this was a bar, they didn't make a fuss when we brought in two packs of beer for the boys to drink after the game. We didn't drink the beer here and ordered lots of beer from them so perhaps that's why they were cool with it. The food was pretty decent - not super healthy stuff but it got the job done. We happened to eat here on Good Friday (no meat) and little was there for us to choose from. We ended up adjusting the ham and grilled cheese sammy to just being a grilled cheese. The bread was buttered and toasted perfectly and it had cheese oozing out the sides. It was so tasty! The fries that they were served with were ok. They could've stayed in the frier a little longer to get a bit more crispy but they were decent. I also ordered the side garden salad and it was really good for a garden salad. Lots of tomatoes and cucumber so they weren't stingy with their ingredients at all.Their spicy bloody mary wasn't all that bad either. The glass it was served in was tall and narrow so a little on the smaller side but at least it was done well.  Hats off the waitress that served all 20+ of us. She was awesome!
5	I can't remember the bartender's name which I regret, but she was awesome!  Super friendly, made us laugh from the second we sat down and made us feel right at home.  I'd give the food 4 stars, but since the bartender and other server were so great, it definitely earns 5 stars in my book.  Look forward to heading back there again sometime soon.
4	Its midnight. Had grilled ham and cheese. It was on Texas toast with cheddar cheese. It was awesome. Our waitress, Megan, is the greatest ever! She needs a raise!!
4	There's no better place to watch hockey in town. This is the one bar in all of Vegas where you can be watching the New York Rangers playing the Los Angeles Kings on one of many large flatscreen TVs lining the walls while simultaneously taking in LIVE hockey overlooking an actual ice rink. The house beer league players might not be as good or fast as the guys on the television, but those games can be just as entertaining! Brooksy's Bar & Grill happens to be directly connected to the Las Vegas Ice Center and offers a beautiful view from a raised vantage point through large windows. Rather than dropping the kids off for public skate and freezing your butt off watching from the stands, Brooksy's offers a nice atmosphere with good drink and food.The servers and bartenders are all fantastic and offer superb customer service even when the bar and dining area is slammed. They offer a full menu filled with your average bar type foods and the majority of the food is mediocre. Nothing overly disappointing, but nothing to write home about. Almost forgot! Stay away from the marinara sauce. I hate to say it, but it's probably the worst I've ever had.
3	Good atmosphere if you want to watch skating or hockey practice.  Actual menu prices are 2 or 3 more than shown on menu here. Server did not know what came on breakfast burrito so I got the pancakes.  They were OK. Again, nice for I've skating.  Not really a breakfast stop. 2.5 stars.
4	Popped in for a few beers with the wife to start off our night... Friendly staff and cold beer.You can also watch the hockey games from the bar which is a bonus.
2	As far as ambiance goes, Brooksy's Bar & Grill does have a "one-up" on the other local bars on west Flamingo with its vast amount of entertainment. Not only can you enjoy one of the multiple television screens as well as a projector screen during game time, but also, if you get bored, there is always the ice rink located on the south side of the restaurant that is visible through a thick wall of clear plastic. However, that's pretty much the best part about Brooksy's. Some of the menu items do stand up well, but overall, the service is so unbelievably awful time and time again that unless you're a regular that buys the wait staff shots during their shift then you're probably not going to get very lucky at this establishment.If you do venture in, as I have more than a handful of times to try and give the place a 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th chance, you'll most likely want to avoid the bar altogether and grab a seat in the restaurant portion of the open floor plan. Just keep in mind that you can't smoke in the restaurant part, regardless though, the ventilation system isn't the nicest, so you'll be walking through smoke either way, but that is the norm for Vegas. If you've made it in far enough in and you're in the mood for some pizza choose between the Great White or Buffalo Chicken. The Great White is made with garlic and basil as well as two types of cheeses. The Buffalo Chicken is pretty delicious with chunks of freshly grilled chicken tossed in hot sauce baked into a golden crust. If you're a meat eater, the meatballs are homemade and accompany a bowl of piping hot spaghetti and marina or can be tucked into a French loaf for a sandwich style option. Trying to watch your waistline? Then get the Chopped Salad with your favorite vinaigrette as it comes with ham, olives, onions, tomatoes and lettuce.Again, unless you're playing at the hockey rink, watching someone play at the rink or planning on getting your food to go, just avoid Brooksy's altogether. There's plenty of other places where ambiance, delicious food AND service are offered.
1	I have been coming to this bar for years because my boyfriend plays hockey here. The wait staff here is absolutely terrible. The waitresses are always changing but the last two have been the worst so far.Last week we had some blonde girl who was unbelievably rude. The way she talked to us was shocking. At one point she came over and left a pitcher of water on the table. My friend asked her for a cup and with the rudest look on her face the waitress said "I left you a pitcher on the table!" My friend said no I need a cup and again the waitress snaps at her that she left a pitcher of water on the table.... Umm okay, let's all drink out of the pitcher. One of the girls ordered fries and asked to change them to fire fries. The waitress goes, "what did you order again?" Guess what she brings out? Regular fries. They tell her and all they do is cake on spice.Today we had another blonde waitress (different one). It was 11:56 PM and she asked if we were ready to order. We were waiting til midnight for the half off pizza deal and she told us that were not supposed to wait til midnight to get a deal, implying that we order now and pay full price. Excuse me??? Then she rudely asks what kind of pizza we want. She doesn't even ask us what size before she storms off. We ordered other stuff just for the two of us so obviously we wanted the small one, but of course she purposely brings out a large one. When we ordered our food I asked her for a water. She just nodded and 10 minutes later I still don't have my water. I ask again, have my friend ask, and ask yet AGAIN before she brings it out and literally slams it on the table 20 min later. Then she says to my friend "oh you mentioned a water too" and slams another water on the table a couple minutes later. Our food is out by that time and the rest of our party is done eating. I literally watched her do everything she possibly could except get our drinks. Talk to customers, talk to people at the bar, etc. She messed up my friends order and again she received plain fries instead of fire fries. After having dirty plates in front of us for 15 minutes she finally came by with a scowl on her face and we had to ask for our checks. The only reason we tipped is because my bf felt guilty. That only tip I wanted to leave her was "check your attitude."Unfortunately I'm stuck coming to this place, but I'll stick to the bar or won't order anything from the dining area until they find different waitresses.
3	I come here because it's close to where I work and live and they have hockey on their tvs. The food is pretty standard for this type of place. The staff are very friendly, but you will sit with an empty glass for a while unless your persistent. I've never seen this in Vegas at any bar I've been to. Also, there are some places you go to and gamble to get free drinks. This isn't one of them. Gamble to gamble, but I've rarely seen comped drinks. Not a bad place though.
3	This place is cool because it had an ice rink. It was a weekend day when I went in so it was kind of slow but the bar tender was nice and prices are great!
5	Hannah is the most amazing waitress in the joint. I highly recommend you sit in her section!
4	Great placed to catch the NHL playoff games. Friendly bartender, cold beer. Ladies night (Friday night) for me! Bonus! BF and I sat at the bar, but there is also a big room facing the ice arena for families. I enjoyed the cool air on our first 100 degree day.I saw 3 servers, so other reviewers that were unhappy must have come at an odd time. The pizzas and calzones looked amazing. I had an average Turkey burger, BF had a Huge Calzone and loved it. We will definitely be back as the summer progresses.
1	If I could give zero stars, I would.  My team has been coming here after our hockey games for years- and I can count on one hand the times we've had a good experience.  The bartenders, with the exception of Zoe, are absolutely hands-down the most rude, nasty, incompetent bartenders in the city.  I've never been spoken to so poorly in my life- personally or professionally.  This place is a disgrace.  The management needs to make a serious overhaul in the attitude here.   Wake up guys- you're not the only bar in town.  Clean house- most of your bartenders are a joke.  Have Zoe, the best, train some new staff.
4	Food is solid, and can't beat a burger and fries while watching hockey live or on one of the many large TVs on the walls. Solid all-American menu. The tri-tip was better than expected! Will definitely be back for more than just hockey.
4	Great pizza, cold beer & you can watch Hockey; what could be better?!
5	Love the pizza...and it's half price after midnight so us swing shift working types get a good deal on food too! Staff is awesome...and a good view of the action at the Ice center. Also for the hockey fans there's some pretty awesome memorabilia on the walls. Did I mention the pizza is awesome?
5	We love this place.... We come here for the incredible service, laid back environment, & seriously the BEST pizza we have had in a long time! (Sometimes the bar manager gives everyone a free slice!) You can come in, have a full view of the hockey rink and can watch the players do their thing... It's a total experience!!Their happy hours are amazing! Half off drinks from 3-7 and ladies night on Fri and Sat (half off!)We are picky about the places we spend our money,..and Broosky's is a place we always feel like we got our monies worth and have an amazing time!!! And - the waitresses did the Ice Bucket Challenge on my partner, which was amazing. Thank you Bethany and the other blonde!:-) We love you!:-)
5	ALL of the food is AMAZING here!  Seating is split between the bar and the sit-down dining room.  There is video poker, shuffleboard, big screen TV's displaying all the current sports games, AND you can watch kids playing live ice hockey on the attached rink.  So fun :)
4	Mmmmmmmm appetizer sampler is tasty ... 1/2 price drinks for ladies friday and saturday which means 1/4 price drinks all around!   Nice hockey rink     Hockey on almost every tv   Pizza looks good but am too full to order! Bartenders are cool   Video blackjack dominated us!
5	Brooksy's has delicious food! It's a bar and grill, built to compromise the whole family, kids too! The staff is always extremely pleasant and prompt. Always greeting you with a warm smile and delivering exceptional service. The best part is yiu can watch live hockey games while you eat! Fun atmosphere!
5	Hockey all around... Live thru the glass & lotsa games on the big screens. Good food, good drinks. Service varies from day to day. Ladies drink half price on weekend nights so that's nice :)
