2	Ok, so this place LOOKED great from an idea -- but I'm sorry, the prices are just waaaaaay over the top for a salad.  I spent over $10 to create my own salad -- and it was good, but certainly not worthy of the price tag.  I found the portion to be adequate for about $5.The over all place is nice -- and unlike the other reviewer before me, the place was dead.  In fact, I go to that side of Decatur about 2-3 time per week, and there is NOBODY in there.  I think it won't last for another year... and I can see why.  In this current economy, most people won't pay $10 or more for a salad.  We all want to be healthy, but can you honestly justify the price?  No way.Do yourself a favor -- go shopping and buy the groceries.  You can make yourself a much better salad at home for far less.  Sorry Salad Creations, but you're just not affordable for most people.
5	I will tell  you I was really reluctant to go here because I thought it was like Souper Salad or Sweet Tomatoes... When in fact it is nothing like either of those!! :)  This place was great it was like the best way to put it was subway for salads!!! You pick your type of lettuce,spinach, or romaine then you can either pick a salad that is on the menu or create your own with all the toppings including but not limited too nuts, berries,dressings,crutons, Veggies,Jalepeno, pepperchinis... etc.!!  Plus the staff mixes it all up for you with these great tools that i have never seen before . I always ask for the dressing on the side because then you can take it home and use it for your own salad.  I would recommend the raspberry dressing it is so YUMMY!!! A large which is served in a very cute fun bowl, is about $8 and wow you get so stuffed off of the meal!   All in all AMAZING taste and presentation! :D
5	Salad Creations...should be called "Gourmet Salads".  Fresh, Healthy, Tasty, Filling, Satisfying, AND you get it the way you want it.  Peace-Love-and-Happiness...it's all there.Four different sets of "green leaves" - Romain, Iceburg, Spinach, or Spring MIx.Endless array of typical and NON-typical throw-ins.I can't even remember how many different dressings were available.You can order from the menu, tweak what they've got, or start from scratch.   Do you feel like a traditional salad bowl, "wrapping" it up, or panini-izing it?  You choose. Went today.  Took the fam.  Kid gobbled her salad wrap DOWN!  Yes, she actually loved the taste of eating healthy.  See you tomorrow for lunch, Gourmet.....I mean Salad Creations!
3	Went with a co-worker during lunch and it's a good stop if you are on a time limit for lunch. it's quick and you leave feeling full in a good way. Lots of leafy greens instead of a big juicy cheeseburger once in a while is just one element to a longer life. Now, I'm sure not all the salad dressings or additives are healthy but you're always in control of what you want in your salad. I really enjoy salads so this place was right down my alley.I got an Asian Chicken Salad with wontons & edamame and keep in mind that the smallest size isn't small at all - just look at my pics.My co-worker got a salmon salad with mandarin oranges - now that looked good. This was my first time here so I need to try other things to  have a true feeling about this place. I do plan on ordering a panini the next time I go.I think the prices are a bit high for salad. They should add fresh baked bread to their menu to accompany the salads. I'll let you know how the panini tasted.....
4	In the mood for some rabbit food?  This is a great place to try.  Fresh salads, served your way like subway.  My coworkers wanted to eat healthy, so we gave this place a shot for lunch.I ordered the Balsamic Orange and Bleu with Wild Alaskan salmon ($10.50 with the salmon, which was $3.50).  As a carnivore, I have to say that this was a darn tasty salad.  The leaf was a mixed green concoction, along with edamame as a replacement for almonds.  The bleu cheese was the perfect amount, and same with the salmon.  Everything tasted fresh, and they chop it up really good so everything is mixed in.  The balsamic sauce gave the salad a light sweet flavor that I enjoyed.  The full size salad was a pretty good portion too.I am definitely coming back here the next time I feel like a salad.  It really beat out the Ruby Tuesday salad bar down the street from my work.  Sure, it took me 20 minutes to get here, but it was worth it!  Salad Creations rocks!
4	It closed :(
2	Update:  Just as I thought, this place went out of business EXACTLY WITHIN A YEAR as I predicted.  They were just too expensive.  I am actually saddened because I hate seeing this across town with businesses closing.  I was actually rooting for them, even though I thought they were over priced.  I don't ever want anyone to close their doors -- but the truth, ANYONE could have seen this coming (outside of the owners, of course.)  Good luck to them in the future -- but next time, make it more affordable.  They could have achieved this by slimming down their menu and offering fewer choices for salads -- a menu rather than "create your own."  Any restaurant that provides a "create your own" menu just starting out can expect hard times in a poor economy.  Food costs will go up very fast.  Oh well, sorry Salad Creations....  sad to see you go.  :-(
