5	For a tea shop this little place full of amazing, fresh, REAL tea gets 5-stars. It has been open for, oh, maybe... a year, year and a half. It is new to the SunLife building and I am happy to see that business seems to be going well. This tea shop offers teas of all kinds in bulk (50g, 100g, 150g+) or by cup to go. They do creative things with the tea such as making "Smoothes" or "Lathes" (no coffee, just tea blends) if your feeling saucy.As for the tea itself, they offer amazing tea blends like: Green Teas, Roobios Teas, Black Teas, White teas, or Health Teas like Spa Relax or Spa Energie. The ingredients in the teas are real chunks of goodness. For example, right now I am enjoying a cup of "Gateaux aux Carrots" tea (the names are adorable, I know). The ingredients of this tea are pure: 1) Organic Roobios 2) Oranic Honeybush 3) Cinnamon 4) Carrot pieces (that you can see!) 5) Girofle (a spice) 6) Nuts (more specifically, HUGE walnuts) 7) Dry Raisins 8) Ginger 9) Coconut 10) Maple. It is like a dessert tea. I don't need to add any sugar or sweetener to their teas, they are so flavorful just the way they are, steeped in hot water.They have cute gift baskets for sale and sometimes they've got fancy cupcakes or cookies. They have a "Fidelethe" card where you get a stamp for every cup to-go and every 50g bulk you buy. Collect 10 stamps and your 11th tea / 50g bag is free.I just cannot emphasize how much fun it is to try all these really good quality teas. A huge bonus is that there is no fat in the regular hot water teas! The green teas are super good for you. All the teas have their own benefits. I recommend that you try it here. Even if you're a coffee drinker! Definitely meets Return-Worthy Criteria because I've been there a ton of times.....
5	Yum. Great coffee.Delightful little tea shop. I had the John's earl grey latte. So good! Excellent quality Earl Grey. Very friendly.
5	Best tea shop ever. Definitely need to stop by and try one. Wide selection. Each one has a unique flavor. Different varieties!!! A must!
