4	If you're looking for a Sprint store that's not slammed with customers, where you can get good service and get in and out fast this is a location to take a look at. Parking is kind of tight but once you get in you will find a knowledgeable staff, a full line of Sprint phones, and a full fledged service department. But you'll also find great service here which the same cannot be said for other Sprint stores such as the one further down I-515 at Sunset. Now for those who need to know such things this is not a true "Corporate" store, but for most consumers that will make no difference. The staff here can take care of any of your Sprint needs without fuss, and they do so with a smile. And since it's not as well known wait times are short. If you need to deal with Sprint, this is a store you want to check out.
5	This is not an actual Sprint "Corporate" store but maybe that's why I like it.  The guy who works there doesn't treat me like he's got me locked into some contract.  He (Junior, is his name) actually gives me customer service and is very nice.  He helped with a Samsung, downloading media issue, with a smile.  I went to the actual Sprint Store over the Galleria Mall and they told me that they don't have tech support in that store and that I needed to drive to another location in Vegas.  SERIOUSLY?!  I need to go somewhere else?  Not impressed with Sprint at all but will come back to this store for all my needs in the future.  Thanks Junior for ALL of your help!  You are an asset to your business!
5	Best customer service everRecently switched from Tmobile traded in my iPhone 5 in for an iPhone 5c no money down and got some free goodies happy Sprint customerKyle A
5	This store is Awesome....Great customer service...good at explaining everything...and very Helpful with whatever your situation is
5	After meeting frustration after frustration at other Henderson stores, I called this place yesterday and was extremely presently surprised. Rob answered all of my questions professionally, patiently, and knowledgeably. They will definitely be getting my business from now on!
