4	I like the look and feel of this new coffee / tea / smoothie shop on College Ave. Good place to get some work done as they have WiFi and several tables and chairs that make it easy to do so. Coffee was decent, haven't tried the smoothies, yet. It's basically on campus and it's really close to the light rail station at the end of the street. Metered parking is also available on the street.
5	Nice cool ambiance, and they make an awesome caffe Americano. Very friendly and personal service and good prices.
5	I love, love, love, love this place. I went to this place when they opened up, and I still go as much as I can. The smoothies are kinda expensive for a person who is focused on low budget ($5+) but they taste fantastic. I am an avid boba drinker and this place is has the best boba in tempe. I can guarantee that.The woman who owns the store (or what I assume is the owner) is fantastic, she is nice, caring and wonderful. She makes recommendations and is open to any suggestions you made on the drinks as well. She is a wonderful lady.I only really like to go there when the woman is there because I feel like it is a very personalized experience. The workers on the other hand...are kind of a lesser version of dutch brothers workers, nice but not very personable. Some of them do not look like they know what they are doing but still create good drinks regardless. I was in there once, and it was about the time to close (about an hour to two before closing time) and I was sitting there for about 3-4 hours, bought 2-3 drinks, but when the older woman left, the young employees working there shut off the nice little music, and changed the channels to sports and blasted it incredibly loud. It had broken my concentration and I left. It broke the cafe mood for me by replacing it with some kind of sports bar atmosphere. That is the only complaint I have. But other wise this place is great. 100% recommended, it is nice to sit down and use the wifi, and it is also great for take out goods as well.I wish this place had more coupons, however.
5	Luv!!! Coffee and smoothie are excellent and walking/crawling distance to ASU aquatic center.  Lovely atmosphere and staff very helpful.  If you are here for AGS meet...they are your new best friends! !!
3	Coffees and tea here taste great. However, the wait time I felt was a bit too long. It's certainly not a good place to visit if your looking to get in and out in 5 minutes especially if it costs $7 bucks for a regular coffee.
4	Great place to sit and relax with a cup of tea and a good book. I had the mango black tea with lychee jellies that was recommended by the hostess, it was delicious. I would love to come back and try their coffee or smoothies with boba. It's a decent walking distance from asu campus too, which is great for students and teachers.
5	I really like this place.  I've been going here pretty regularly for 2 months because they have great coffee, excellent service, and an atmosphere that is conducive to getting work done. The staff is friendly, quick, and attentive.  If you need a place to study or work, you can't find a better place.
5	Great drinks with a great atmosphere!I had the mango black tea with lychee jelly, the peach black tea again with lychee jelly, and the japanese green tea smoothie with boba.The teas were all delicious and refreshing, and the lychee jelly popped with sweetness in your mouth (that's what she said) and tasted a bit like honey.The japanese green tea had notes of thai tea to it which I loved.I originally forgot my wallet too and had run back to my dorm room to get it, but they still smiled and said "that's fine, it happens" and had my tea's ready for me as I walked in the door.There are students here on their laptops doing homework. The decor reminds me of a forest in October with fall colors and some wooden tables and orange couches. The woman next to me spoke to me and she's driking a green apple slushie that looks delicious. I'll definitely have to try it next time!
5	It's great to finally see a good Boba place that is in Arizona. Being from Northern California I missed boba a lot and this place just made me feel at home. Not crowded Tons of different flavors Great customer service Great decor/ cafe kind of feelImpressive/ fantastic drinks Offers popping boba and honey boba
2	I am a self proclaimed boba critic only because I've had enough to differentiate between a good and a bad boba drink. I was really craving boba today and came to The Blend. It wasn't my first time there, I've been there multiple times and I really enjoy their boba knowing their above average prices. I payed 6.22 for a mango/passion fruit smoothie with boba and lychee jelly. Quite pricey for a drink regardless of additives. When I took my first sip, I immediately noticed large ice and frozen fruit chunks. There was also no milk in it either. Two elements that makes a smoothie a smoothie was not there... Considering how much I payed, I was quite disappointed. I probably wouldn't come back here again unless it was a last resort for boba.
5	i never knew that a chai tea latte could get any better, but apparently it can... just add caramel & boba!  For me, adding those tapioca pearls, with just the right chewiness factor, makes any drink better.  I will definitely be coming back for more!
4	We stopped by the Blend just before the ASU football game. My son wanted to try their smoothie but more important they had boba which is medium size tapioca balls. We walked in and it was really nice. Very modern with nice couches, chairs, and tables. Giving it a home feel. A place that you can drink your coffee or smoothie and relax. The place wasn't as busy as all the other food places cause everyone was catching a bite to eat before the game. We were just veggie out. We found out that his place is owned by a mother and daughter. We talked to the mother and she was very nice and friendly. Making sure place was spotless. Anyways, my son ordered his passion fruit smoothie with boba and  mixed jelly. I got in a few slurps and it was really good. We found out that they use frozen fruits which is better than those powder places. I liked it. My son liked it too. I know when my son goes to ASU next year he will be visiting this place often. Also, I know my daughter visits here often too. So it's all in the family for this smoothie & coffee place. For sure we'll be back. Good smoothies, boba, and a decent price. What else could you want in Arizona especially on those hot days to quench that thirst.
3	Three stars means A-OK. I've visited this establishment a couple of times. This is a coffee place. It's a bit trendier than just a cafe with coffee and tea, but it doesn't have the newest thing either (for example, no custard to be mixed with my boba).Over all, for the drinks, it tastes and goes down well. However, it's a bit pricey in my personal opinion. I come out paying 5-7 dollars for a drink. The wait time, make sure you've got time. I've waited no less than 3 minutes after ordering.The Thai Iced Tea with Boba is my favorite (it's made with a powder so it's hard to mess up). The smoothie I had, did not taste like it was made from powder (I'm pretty sure it isn't), which is a plus. The boba wasn't gross or hard or powdery in the middle; it was chewy.All in all, this place is a good place to stop by for boba if you're around the campus. It's a bit pricey (which keeps me from giving 4 stars). Still, my coffee at starbucks comes out to be around 4 bucks, so if I came here for just tea, I wouldn't get such a large sticker shock.Ordered:Thai Iced Tea with BobaMango, Green Apple Smoothie with BobaMilk Tea with Boba
3	Ambiance is nice here but I came here to try the boba-Cream shake is actually a milk tea....Its fairly good albeit a bit overpriced at $4.50 for a 24 ounce milk tea. The honeydew flavor was great but the boba was pretty subpar and didnt have any of the promised honey boba taste.  For boba I say go elsewhere like Grilled Ave or if you have a car Mekong. Basically the boba here is a more expensive version of Quickly's. (Pretty average)Edit - Corrected the size after the owner replied. Maybe they got my order wrong? Because my cream shake was definitely a milk tea and not a slush that I'm accustomed to.
4	I know it's a bit soon to do a bit of an update, but I was contacted by someone who seems to know a good deal about the establishment, which is a good thing. I've been informed that the Thai Iced Tea is not made from powder, but is actually the real thing. Tea leaves and spices steeped and then strained, which is, for lack of better word choice, very cool.Recently, I also had the pleasure to have a custom drink made up by them. I wanted a Taro Root Steamed Milk, it's essentially taro blended up with hot milk, a favorite in Taiwan. The owner didn't really know what it was but she made it for me anyway.I'm a fan for the 'taro latte' and the fact that either they care a great deal and are reaching out to customers on yelp or they have people who care and are informing people like me about how great this place is.
3	Thinking the place is more geared toward tea & boba than coffee. Ordered an americano and was really disappointed with how weak it was...other people in my group agreed. Staff was super friendly so I'm hoping it was just an off day.
3	I had just a plain tea with boba a few days ago and the tea was alright but the boba was a huge let down. The atmosphere was pretty cool but the boba was on par with bosa... That is to say pretty bad, most were way to soft and I had a few crunchy ones in there too. Maybe with a more flavorful drink it would've tasted better. All the other reviews are a bit nicer so I'll give it another shot, maybe it was a bad batch of boba.
5	Badass spot! The interior is beautiful and mucho comfortable. My booty is giggling it's so happy. Super friendly staff too. And the boba.. wow. Best I've had in Phoenix yet! No joke. Well-blended and made with non-creepy, entirely platonic love. Open fairly late, yet I wish they were open later - they'd make a KILLING here. Walking distance from ASU and mixed in with a bunch of cool spots. A must-grub!
