5	Cafe Zinho was on my list of things to do before leaving Pittsburgh.  But who knew it was closed for lunch in May?I eventually came here with my parents (who are not accustomed to non-Chinese establishments).  Arriving at 5:30 pm, we still were able to get a table without any prior reservation.  The host was the owner of the restaurant and gave a personal touch to the service.The decor and environment gave Cafe Zinho a nice off-the-beaten path look.  Gypsy and bohemian.Food was superb.  I had the quail, but wasn't given the appropriate utensils to eat it.  My mom loved the lamb.  And of course, the dessert was fabulous.  Since the kitchen is right now nearby, you can see the cooks making your meal or dessert.This place only accepts cash although there's an atm nearby.  My mom had a fit because when they bill came they had rounded up with a difference of less than a dollar.  I would give this place 4.5 stars, but I rounded up.
4	This has been my favorite restaurant for several years, and the one we go to the most often. My partner says they make the best scallops in Pgh. I'll never forget the stuffed zucchini blossoms: lovely! Monique is a gracious hostess. The restaurant used to be a garage -- check out the ceiling. Love it when they open the wall in the summer. Cash only. BYOB. Just off Ellsworth. Don't know if they treat everyone like family, but that's how they treat us. Highly recommended.(10/20/13 Although the food stayed consistently good it's not quite the same now that hostess Monique is gone.)
4	Very trendy cool out of the way place that I definitely suggest you check out.  This is a Tony Pais restaurant, he owns another more formal place downtown but I forget the name.  He used to own Baum Vivant on Baum Blvd.  This was a great place.  The last I was there was 7 or 8 years ago.  It was total formal fuu fuu fine dining, but what an experience.  Anyways, it's gone now and I haven't been to one of his places since until last night when a friend suggested we try this little oasis located on Spahr St.  This place is the opposite with respect to atmosphere than Baum Vivant.  It's in a converted garage with a few outdoor tables.  It's cash only and BYOB.  It's very informal and I got away with wearing tennis shoes and my "Super Size My Foie Gras" fruit of the loom t-shirt.  Don't need to get dressed up to enjoy amazing food.  The inside of the restaurant/garage has a high ceilings and an eclectic mix of non-matching tables that I imagine were collected from Thrift stores.  The service was awesome, spot on from start to finish.  The lovely european women who served and hosted had big smiles and a genuine appreciation when we said we liked the food.  The meal started with some warm rolls that they may cook on site.  It was served with ice cold butter.  That's fine, but let's get a little more creative people on the butter, dips with the bread.  The first course was this amazing artichoke soup.  This literally is the best soup I've tried since I can remember and I eat out all the time.  The flavor was layored with the cream, maybe nutmeg, maybe spinach, and also what tasted to me like a shellfish broth.  It was a very complex flavor.  Amazing!  Next was a goat cheese dish served inside of phyllo dough.  It was tasty, but a little too rich for my taste.  The inside of the dough had apricots mixed with the goat cheese and the sauce was some type of combination of walnuts and apples pureed'.  Interesting, but didn't add too much to the dish.  Also, we tried a smoked salmon appetizer served on croutons with capers.  It was perfect and I really like their portions here.  They don't try to kill you with the size of the dishes.  My friend ordered the crabcakes, which were two small mostly lump crabmeat portions.  They were delicious served with a mushroom cream sauce.  The rice that was served with the crabcakes were another story, totally tasteless and not seasoned well. The rice was also a liitle mushy.  I tried the Elysian Fields lamb burger.  I had never seen an Elysian Fields lamb burger, so I thought I'd give it a try.  It was a decent portion (4 oz. I'd guess) at a reasonable price $11.  I didnt' really get to tell the difference between regular lamb and Elysian because they overcooked the burger to well done and it lost much of the flavor.  Overall, I'll stick to Tessaro's for my burgers.  We finished with a chocolate mousse, which was okay but I thought too heavy for a mousse.  I got out of here with a $65 + tax bill for all this amazing food.  What's even better is that because it's byob I probably saved $30 for the bottle of wine as well.  I really like the fact I can have interesting food, relatively cheap in a casual atmosphere.  One last thing, they don't have AC so you may want to pick a cooler night if you plan on sitting indoors.  They also say they don't take reservations on the menu, but we were able to make a reservation on Sunday for Monday for two people.
4	I enjoyed this place, but wasn't completely wowed.  I was told that it's Portuguese, but I'm not seeing what's so Portuguese about it.  Certainly a good Continental restaurant, by any means.  I liked the atmosphere, and the service was good.  And the food was good too.  But for the price, I didn't think the food was THAT great.  I'll come again, but it won't be because I'm the one suggesting it.
5	The food at Cafe Zinho is fun, creative, and always spot on delicious.  While the menu changes often, one of my favorites has always been the lamburger, cooked to perfection!  Deserts by Becky are always excellent.  And who would have thought such excellent food would be served out of a redecorated garage?  (It's lovely in the summer when they open the garage door.) The ambiance can be described as funky and eclectic, and actually quite lovely.  It's a BYOB which is great if you want to save a buck or have a great bottle of wine in your cellar.
5	Interesting menu with a lot of things we'd like to go back and try. We started with the Zinho salad that I highly recommend.For entrees, I had a grouper filet with a cucumber mint sauce and a cous cous. It was a subtle dish but very fresh and tasty. My girlfriend had a chicken dish in a great red pepper sauce. The entrees come with these nicely grilled vegetables -- everything tastes really fresh.The Tres Leche cake is incredible!Great artsy atmosphere with friendly staff. Like previous reviewers have said, it's eclectic but not over the top, and it has a warm and personal vibe. The owners gave us wine. :)
4	I definitely got the best service of the restaurants on Ellsworth from this restaurant, and they also offer the best food for the price.  The menu is creative and dinner (soup, salad and salmon) were delicious, but there is nothing that Portugese about this place (except the decor and a very sweet older lady hostess who may in fact be Portugese).  In fact, I think it would be considered a national security threat in Portugal to have a place that serves dinner NOT serve wine.  The government of this state is partly to blame though.  Since when did PA become goddamn Utah?!  But Rendell's gotta get his cut I guess...Anyway, the place is small and intimate, one server handles the floor.  Minus points for the lack of alcohol,and frozen butter with the bread, but this restaurant is a neighborhood gem.
4	Cute small restaurant with old world decor and concrete walls. The food is very good. We enjoyed the atmosphere. We tried the curry shrimp, which was extraordinary. I was not expecting it to be that delicious, and I would recommend it to anyone. The bread was fresh and very tasty. They had the white anchovy tower special appetizer with anchovies, tomato in olive oil. This was also excellent, and reasonably creative. The calamari appetizer had plenty of calamari and was very good.The Zinho salad was just OK, which was our single disappointment. On the plus side, it had artichokes and hearts of palm. On the downside, we could have prepared it at home easily; the olives were from a can and tasted bland. All in all, great food minus the salad in a cozy place. The restaurant is BYOB, but we were lucky to have bought a bottle of wine from the Wine & Spirits store off S. Highland Ave. They do not take credit cards, but they said they had an ATM closeby.
5	OK, so I admit that I was underwhelmed by Cafe Zinho when I first went, a few years ago.  And then I didn't go for a long time.  A few months back, my husband and I randomly decided to give it another try, and boy am I glad we did!  It's fantastic, and has quickly become part of our regular line up.I'll say again that I'm not certain how the food is Portuguese.  That being said, it is mighty delicious.  I love the personal service.  I love the corn bread.  The starters are phenomenal, to the point where I sometimes think that the entrees are superfluous.  But when we get them, they are lovely too.  I love the ambiance.  In short, I owe Cafe Zinho an apology.
4	My wife and I have been here a number of times and it's gotten better each time. Some tips:- stick with the appetizers. Every one we've had is fantastic. The entrees are fine, but nothing special. The apps, on the other hand, are truly first rate.- eat as much of their bread as your stomach will let you. Holy crap it's good!- It's BYO, so make sure to bring your favorite bottle of wine.- On a nice day, inside, but by the big window/door to the left. It let's in a nice breeze and makes the meal fantastic.Try this place, you won't regret it.
2	Lamb burger was outright bad(tasted off and charred). We shared and together only ate half. The filet was decent but not $25 worth of decent. Waiter was kind and the ambience is romantic but at the end of the day the food just wasn't that good. There are lots of great byo's in the city and in my opinion, this isn't one of them.
5	Great food! The meal starts off with their corn bread (not like the corn bread you get in the south), which is delicious. We've gotten a variety of entrees, including a delicious salmon dish, a quail special, and the lamb burger, all of which were delicious. The restaurant is BYOB, which makes up for the entree cost. I highly recommend a great meal in a small, unassuming location.
1	I've eaten here once after having it suggested by numerous people, I was totally disappointed with the service, food, and the place itself, I will not be headed back......everSave your money, or starve either would be a better option
5	Well this was unexpected! After passing by Cafe Zinho for years and years I finally hopped into a hidden Portuguese oasis. Who knew the little hole in the wall near my old hair salon had such good food?! My friends and I had known long about it, but last night we were in need of a BYOB ($5 corkage) and found much more than that. We started with two appetizers. (A very good tip from a fellow yelper!) One friend is majorly allergic to gluten and our fabulous waiter MORE than accommodated her questions and requests with patience. We all shared some kind of rice stuffed pepper that was moist and exploding with flavor, I forget the name...but definitely a must-have. We also were excited to try the pan-sauteed (not fried) calamari. I'm not a huge fried calamari fan, but this was swimming in olive oil and fresh herbs...it was a lovely delight away from a typically americanized version. We also ordered the tomato bisque and the soup of the day. These were insane! The best soups I've ever had out. The soup of the day was a roasted creamy mushroom soup and I almost licked my bowl clean. The flavors were outstanding and we all couldn't decide which soup was better. Make sure to definitely soak everything up with their delicious table bread that seemed to have just come out of the oven every time they replenished our basket! Something worth passing is yes, the salads...they're just okay. But my friends raved about their pork and I will not forget the visual of my friend picking up the bone to lick it clean while our waiter just laughed at us! :) Best part of the story? Well, the food takes a lonnggg time to come out, (warning, but probably because it is so fresh!) after finishing our bottle, our neighboring diners also took advantage of the BYOB but seemed to have left half of theirs when they were done! So after a silly little dare, we became the table of three that snuck 3 large pours of wine and placed it back on their table! Hey! Who was going to drink it anyways?! The little portuguese owner came over and was sincerely shocked at how the wine bottle was empty...she asked, "Did you three drink this?" We giggled and my friend's boyfriend said, "YES." She smiled, and let us have our moment. We left a big tip. She obviously didn't mind. And it's places like this that make me miss home!
4	I've been to Cafe Zinho at least 25 times and I am sure to go back again soon.  The dining room is a funky garage space that has been converted into an eclectic Europen bistro.  The food is very good and the atmosphere is relaxed and Bohemian.  The puff pastry appetizer is always a winner.  The chef, Tony Pais, is Portuguese, but there are a lot of elements of French cuisine in his cooking. He used to own Cafe Zao and Baum Vivant, both well regarded restaurants, but I find the food is much more reasonable at Zinho. There's a few tables outside, and I find it enjoyable to choose those tables on a warm day.
3	Cool atmosphere,  decent food - and love BYOB! Entrees weren't out of this world, but would recommend the goat cheese appetizer, it was my favorite thing of the night.
5	Spectacular BYOB, don't miss it!Superb French / Mediterranean inspired delicious food that is a adventurous, approachable and good value.  The place couldn't be cozier and service is always stellar.  We've been to Zinho probably 15 times and the experience is consistent, the staff is welcoming, the food is top notch. Call ahead because there can be a wait and the place is small and intimate and diners enjoy European style eating that is not rushed, so plan ahead.  Don't forget your favorite bottle (or bottles) of wine and be sure to share a glass with your server.
5	Went here for a private party: it was lovely.The owners and staff made this whole experience. It was a private birthday party and BYO. The staff made it fun and easy for use to relax and celebrate and the food was fantastic. We had a bit of a limited menu but EVERYTHING that I ate was great. 5 stars!
4	We stopped by for the first time on a cold Friday night around 9:30. We made sure to have reservations, as the place is pretty small. It's BYOB and we didn't bring our own wine because we weren't in a drinking mood, but once we sat down we realized this was the kind of place where you needed a bottle of wine. The decor is like an slightly charming mess of old furniture, clean table clothes, and scarves draped over the windows of the converted garage. We sat right by the door and right under the old dresser that the owners stand at. The food was good. We ordered the tomato garlic bisque, which was delicious. The stuffed peppers with crab and goat cheese were tasty, but the plate was super hot and the peppers were cold, so that was a bit off. For main courses we ordered the salmon and the lobster ravioli. The salmon was great. It w cooked well and had a dill cream sauce on it. It was supposed to be served with risotto, but instead came with a dried cake of old creamy looking rice. I ignored that and ate the steamed and grilled veggies they used to garnish the plate. The lobster ravioli was amazing, but instead of coming in it's own sauce, they simply poured on the tomato garlic bisque that we had already ordered as a first course. After reading mixed reviews about this place, I was pleasantly surprised, This place was a hot mess with slightly cold food, but I really liked it.
4	The adjectives that come to mind when I think of Cafe Zinho are cute, quaint, cozy and in a random area. I don't think I would have stumbled upon this place just upon chance. I made a reservation for three on a Tuesday night at 7. My two friends were already there and then... there was just me in the restaurant, which scared me a little bit but I have to have faith in my fellow Yelpers. The waitress was an adorable woman who was so friendly, helpful and enthusiastic about the dishes in a quiet manner. You just wanted to pinch her cheeks or something. Anyway she gave us some bread which was sweet, unlike many of the other restaurants breads that I have had, which I enjoyed. We ordered the goat cheese for an appetizer which was just so ooey and gooey deliciousness and then for the piece de resistance ordered the sea bass special that night which had capers, a potato, rice and some roasted vegetables. Great light combination and not too heavy. The size of the sea bass was like of the entire whole fish. To top it off we had the rice pudding dessert which was similar to flan but I thought this was so tasty. I kind of want one right now as I am typing this review.I am so glad I went to Cafe Zinho finally and would happily come back here again.
4	Cafe Zinho is a quaint little spot tucked away in the hidden corners of Shadyside.I have driven by it many times without even realizing it was a restaurant. Thankfully, my more knowledgeable girlfriend recommended checking it out, as she had to buy me dinner. Cruel world, I know.We were able to get an early reservation on a Saturday, pick up a bottle of wine ( a must!) and make it relatively on time. Intimate is precisely the word I would use to describe this living room dining experience. The waitresses are what you would want your host mom to be like from a foreign country, and splendidly cheery.We ordered two apps, both delicious. They also served some impeccable cornbread as well. The first app was a pastry sort of thing covered in goat cheese, that was worthy of plate licking, had it been socially acceptable. The second was a batch of clams in a fragrant tomato sauce (the sauce also went well on the goat cheese pastry). Most of the time when I order clams, they are far too fishy, but these were perfect.The lady friend ordered the special, a quail dish, while I ordered lamb osobuco. The portions were very generous, and you could easily see the care and prep that went into each individual dish. I must say, the quail was divine. I ended up super jealous and contemplated tricking the gf to turn around so I could switch plates while she was distracted. It was a mixture of sweet and layered with spices, the meat juicy and rich. The lamb was textured and cooked very well, however it seemed to lack a distinctive flavor to bring out the qualities of the meat itself. Perhaps more garlic or such.Either way, I will return, maybe with some Portuguese phrases in hand to banter with my adopted foreign mom/waitress.
4	Atmosphere and service was great. Appitizers were good. For dinner We ate the pork tenderloin and a ravioli of some sort.  Both tasted good with the pork tenderlion being the best.
5	Visiting from NY, we actually found this highly-rated restaurant on Yelp ... and we were certainly not disappointed! It's situated on a nice residential block near a large liquor store (byob).  The ambiance is fantastic and the staff are warm, friendly and attentive. We were seated in the private back room because no other tables were available. A real VIP treatment.  For starters, the goat cheese pastry and smoked salmon appetizers were to die for. Many of the others sounded great too.  Our daughter, who is at college here, was missing some of the food options of NY. Not any more. She had the lamb burger with feta cheese. I had the seafood stew and my wife had Chilean sea bass.  All fantastic! Thankfully we had just enough room for tres leches dessert. If anyone knows of a Portuguese restaurant this good in NYC ... or even in Newark Ironbound I'd love to hear about it.  We will definitely be back!
4	Shopping at Whole Foods this afternoon made us hungry and as we had no plans for dinner, my wife thought of Cafe Zinho, which is nearby.  I called and they said they were quite busy but if I could get there quickly, they had an open table for us.  Before hanging up they reminded me to bring a bottle of wine if I wanted one.  We made a quick stop at the nearby wine and spirits shoppe, bought a Spanish red, and showed up at Cafe Zinho.  They offered us the choice of two tables and immediately opened our wine, and brought over two nice stems.  The waiter gave us menus, described the daily specials and gave us time to mull it over.  We both ordered the soup of the day, a pumpkin bisque, my wife just ordered their Zhino side salad as her entree, and I chose a lamb burger (not Elysian Fields lamb, I asked).  Our waiter brought us a basket of what I suspect to be Portuguese bread.  It had a delicious sweetness. Our soups came out fairly quickly.  The bowls held a hearty serving of the delicious (and filling) cream soup.  After clearing our empty bowls our waiter bought out our entrees.  My wife's side salad was large, as side salads go.  She was quite pleased with it.  It had baby greens, tomato, olives, hearts & reduced red wine vinaigrette.  I had a taste and agreed with her assessment.  My lamb burger was huge!  It was at least an inch thick and was topped with feta and fruit chutney.  It came with a salad that filled any remaining space on the plate not taken up by the burger.  Note to self- do not order a salad if you're going to order the lamb burger!  I ordered the burger cooked medium-well, even though the waiter sort of tried to talk me into medium.  It came out just the way I wanted it, with just a hint of pink in the middle, and full of delicious juices.  My wife agreed that it was extremely yummy!  I cut the burger in half and managed to eat one of the halves along with about half the salad before I ran out of room.  My wife made it about halfway thru her salad by then, and she too gave up.  We asked for doggie bags and our waiter packed our meals up in containers and put them in a plastic bag for us.  It was a very nice meal and dining experience.  We noticed that the hostess greeted most people who came thru he door by name.  Obviously there are a large group of regulars who dine here often.Pros: BYOB, tasty food, reasonable noise level, outdoor sidewalk dining is available seasonally, friendly and attentive service (if a bit unpolished).Cons:  Ambience (it originally was a gas station) and there is nothing fancy about the funky decor, tables are packed every which way into the available interior space.
2	I was underwhelmed with our dining experience. We are just learning Portuguese for an upcoming trip to Brazil and were excited about the option of using some of the vocab we had learned.Menu was somewhat limited, although we didn't try any starters which many of the other reviews state are the best offerings on the menu. I ordered the seafood stew and my husband had the chicken dish. The stew had seafood: clams, mussels, shrimp, scallops, and some type of summer sausage, but not much else. The broth was oily. My husband's chicken was prepared adequately; however the rice it was paired with was extremely underdone while the veggies were over-cooked and mushy. I might go back once more with a bottle of wine for appetizers only but for the price I will dine on entrees elsewhere.
5	Moved to Pittsburgh from Philly a year ago. Our standard for restaurants is "if it were in Philly would be go back." The answer for Cafe Zinho is YES.  One of the only excellent restaurants in the City (along with Salt and Dish). If you find the Big Burrito empire restaurants and their coy cats lackluster and are looking for something outstanding, go here. Cozy, BYO and excellent food, particularly if you go with the Portuguese items on the menu.  Our faves were the sardines to start and the fish stew for a main (OMG good).  Okay, in Philly I would give this four starts but for Pittsburgh, 5.
4	Fantastic cozy & artistic & foreign ambiance. Good food. Great decor.(For the record, I tried my first liver here - which I thought would be pate, but was not - to my hidden horror. I ate a bite - in front of my clients & colleagues - for good measure [and to hide my naievete], but they eventually noticed I was not eating it. I politely, humbly explained my mistake, and they respected me for trying something new. Of course my client then told me about blood tofu, which was a bit shocking, but I firmly believe in expanding one's own mind and perceptions of the world and all its cultures, so I appreciated his sharing. Adding this experience to that of eating bone marrow here at Pulpo in D.C.)
5	My boyfriend and I have gone two years in a row for Valentine's Day to this quaint and intimate restaurant. The decor is beautiful and the epitome of cozy, and the waitresses are welcoming and pleasant to talk to. On top if all of that, the food was absolutely delicious. If you have the chance, get their duck, it was perfectly spiced and cooked. Just bring your favorite bottle of wine with, and you have the makings of a romantic and pleasantly not wallet-breaking night out.
5	This place is categorized as "Portugese", but I thought the menu was more "Mediterranian" than anything else.  Bacalhau (dried salted fish - the national dish of Portugal) was nowhere on the menu; which is just fine by me!  The restauarnt has an eclectic decor and a nice setting.  The only tough part is parking in Shadyside... but on this night, I managed to get a spot right in front of the restaurant.For dinner, I had lobster ravioli (a special) and my date had mushroom ravioli.  Both were outstanding.   Peering around at other tables, I saw several other delectable creations that I would like to return and try.  The Peri peri chicken looked quite good.This another of the local BYOB restauarnts, which makes me happy.  We brought a nice bottle of Pinot Noir, which always helps to make the dining experience more pleasurable.This is an excellent find... I will be back.  Soon.
5	Most of the reviews we read called this place "comfy" or "quaint," which translates into "a very small restaurant." It seems that the small size of the place ensures that every meal is attentively prepared because our food came out perfectly executed.My husband had a crab and salmon tartar appetizer, while, simply from reading reviews, I walked in knowing what I wanted: goat cheese in puff pastry swimming in a shallow dish of creamy asian pear sauce. I literally wiped every bit of sauce off my plate with their bread.Which, speaking of bread, the Portuguese cornbread is to die for. I highly recommend buying a $2 loaf to take home and (as recommended by one of the waitresses), make yourself a few thick slices of french toast.For dinner, my husband had duck with a Grand Marnier sauce and I had Cornish game hen in a butter wine tarragon sauce. Both were served with simply dressed cauliflower, broccoli, peppers, and red potatoes. Again, we ate every bit of food off our plates and sopped up the extra sauce with our bread.We did happen to order the two most expensive entrees on the menu, and both had appetizers, but I think $85 is absolutely reasonable for the high caliber food we received. Bring your own bottle of wine, order the specials, and take a loaf of bread home. We're sure happy that we did!
1	This was the first time for me and my wife at the celebrated Cafe Zinho. Parking in the residential area in which the restaurant is located is next to impossible on a busy Saturday night; the diner should be prepared to walk a distance to get to the restaurant from where he or she is ultimately able to park.  The greatest drawback is that the restaurant is tiny and the seating so tight that at our table, it was necessary to sit uncomfortably in order to avoid being bumped by anyone that walked by, which happened repeatedly as we were in a busy thoroughfare of food delivery.  No other table offered a much better situation and all others were occupied at the busy time we arrived, 6:45 p. m. The online menu boasts of a daily vegetarian and vegan special entree, but there was no such entree on this night.  There was only one non-meat item on the small menu, ravioli.  Our gracious server, Ramon, said that the kitchen could prepare a couscous and vegetable dish if the vegetarian in our party wanted it, and that was what we did.  The restaurant permits customers to bring their own alcoholic beverages, a nice convenience and savings for the diner.  A small portion of bread was served with a tiny amount of rock-hard butter.  My mushroom and cheese soup was a large portion, served piping hot, which was great, but it was a puree with no distinct mushroom pieces.  I would not have been able to distinguish it as mushroom soup.  All of our entrees were attractively presented and were tasty, average size portions.  All were served with a small amount of good, fresh vegetables. It would be helpful if the menu offered some description of the following entree so that the diner with an interest in a chicken dish would not have to inquire about it of the server:  "chicken maputoRoasted w/ piri piri & chocolate scented sauce".  Does the average diner know what "maputo" and "piri piri" are? The lemon tart dessert was a small piece not suitable for sharing, served with two minute pieces of strawberries and a small dollop of whipped cream.  It was not flavorful or moist nor worth the calories.  The gracious owner, Tony Pais, stopped at our table for a moment to greet us, a nice touch, and there were quality checks by a manager and Ramon.  I noticed a number of prominent people from the community dining here, individuals whom I was surprised were willing to spend a good deal of money to be packed into a sardine can of a restaurant.  Apparently they consider this to be the only restaurant in town.  The rest rooms are small, one-person facilities, naturally. An unfortunate surprise occurred when the individual that was picking up the check for my party presented his credit card only to be told that the restaurant accepts only cash and checks, this for a tariff of $148 plus gratuity.  It is supposed to be of some consolation that there is an Automatic Teller Machine on site.  I imagine less than 1% of expensive restaurants today are cash only.  Cafe Zinho is a highly flawed restaurant, demonstrating that there is more to a fine dining experience than simply offering fine cuisine.  If one is able to get beyond the feeling one has when visiting the rest room on a commercial airliner, the diner might enjoy it: not us.I posted comments about the restaurant at its Facebook page, in which I noted my displeasure with being cramped and uncomfortable, and about the restaurant being unique in its unwillingness to accept credit cards for a $148 check.  An individual identifying himself as the manager, who apparently had never received constructive criticism from anyone, initially demonstrated rage, posting a message that I can go to the Oiive Garden the next time I dine out.  He later added with similar condescension that I can use a coupon and a credit card at The Olive Garden.  Later, he thought better of his outburst and removed the comments...along with mine.  He ultimately offered me and my wife the opportunity to return to the restaurant at his expense.  I thanked him for the offer, but told him that one experience at Cafe Zinho was enough.  I had no intention of returning even if he had responded to my comments like a gentleman.
1	My partner and I were visiting my family in Pittsburgh we live in San Diego. my partner was born and raised in Portugal. My mom heard about this resaurant and was excited to take my partner and I to a Portuguese restaurant in Pittsburgh. We went, looked at the menu and did not find anything Portuguese on the menu. Why does this restaurant promote itself as Portuguese, fly the Portuguese flag and not have ANY Portuguese dishes. We left.
5	Visited this wonderful, eclectic Portuguese restaurant and had the pleasure of meeting the owner(s) and head chef.  Tihs has been our 4th opportunity to visit this restaurant and we have never been disappointed.  The opportunities for dining are quite expansive and quite salacious.  Its BYOB policy also allows one to experience the wines of your own choice to pair with the most exquisite menus.  We had the Goat Cheese Puff Pastry and Mussels as appetizers and the Red Snapper w/Apricot sauce and a whole Bronzino - quite Yummy!!Their specials are all so inviting and we of course look forward to our next visit to PItt and a guaranteed visit to Cafe Zhino.   We of course also look forward to trying out the rest ( and I am sure the specials will grow ) of the menu.  Cheers !
5	FANTASTIC little restaurant. I had the duck... it was to die for. Food was delicious, atmosphere was warm, classy, inviting, and the staff members were all super kind and professional. Make sure you make a reservation, though... it's a tiny place. It's pricey... but worth every penny.
3	When I entered, I was ready to wow-ed. It was my kind of place -- BYO, shabby-chic decor intimate setting, condensed menu, and a waitress with an accent. But our food didn't live up to my expectations. The Portuguese bread served before our meal was crusty, warm, and special -- a cross between a French loaf and cornbread. Unfortunately, things went down hill from here. The highly recommended goat cheese and phyllo dough tart was too rich and too mild, The pears didn't give enough sweetness and there wasn't any salt. So, it was just creamy. Plain and creamy.  Between us we had three entrees. The salmon was my favorite of the three. It was an interesting preparation and well done. But, nothing special. The monk fish special was too sweet for my taste and a bit tough. (I don't want to have to use a knife to cut my fish.) I appreciated the homemade pasta and delicate flavors of the ravioli, but it was just too bland. A bit of salt or spicy or something would have been nice. I may come back to try the burger, but no more $25 disappointing entrees for me.
4	The chef knows his job. Food is well prepare, I enjoyed it. The space is kind of small and cramped, a little bit disorganized but the taste of the food definitely compensates. Pricy,  but overall a good place to enjoy a dinner.
5	Had a great dinner here. The Portuguese corn bread was delicious   The salmon with beet sauce was perfect. We enjoyed our dinner here- cozy and welcoming  atmosphere.  Don't forget dessert we had bread pudding and cookies and cream. We went on Valentines weekend so the price was higher than usual. Also like Byob although they charged 5 dollar corkage fee it is worth it to bring your own choice of wine. There is also fee for sharing plate but again worth it.   Will definitely go again.
4	Based on the menu, I would classify Cafe Zinho as more of a general fine dining restaurant rather than a Portuguese specialty restaurant. There are some Portuguese items, but I feel the emphasis is on providing high quality dishes non-specific to any particular cuisine.For starters, we were brought corn bread which was great. It had a great textural contrast with the flakiness of corn bread along with the fluffiness of loafs.Next, we had frog legs in a lemon and white wine sauce. The sauce was very pleasant as it highlighted a contrast among bittery, buttery, and sweetness. We dipped many pieces of corn bread in the sauce. Most of the flavor of the frog legs came from the sauce. The frog legs themselves were very chewy. I suspect that they were prepared in an oven; I think quickly grilling or quickly deep frying the frog legs might yield a more pleasant texture.The main entree was great! I had the filet of trout which comes with grilled vegetables. The grilled veggies were simple yet well executed. The trout was nicely seasoned and cooked. I was able to appreciate the taste of the fish as well as the light seasoning. I wish the trout's skin was a bit crispier; however, I want to emphasis the the fish was cooked very much to my liking.All in all, the food was very good. The main entrees were quite pricey. You're likely to be spending at least $30 per person.
4	This is a cozy little place. I made last minute reservations for a Saturday evening because the restaurant we were supposed to go to  closed due to an emergency. Major bummer for us, but life goes on and luckily we were able to get a table at this place. At first we were seated by the register area and that was a little awkward because it felt like the hostess and waitresses were right at the table with us. I wasn't in the mood for a large group dinner so we asked to be moved, a request they graciously accomodated. Unfortunately, we were then seated pretty close to the door and it was a cold February evening so that was a little rough. Fortunately, we had a whole bottle of wine to warm us up.OK, so now let's talk about the wine thing: this is the first BYOB place I've ever eaten at and I loved it! It's pretty great to share a bottle of wine that you can pick out yourself, rather than spend a fortune on some ordinary bottle offered by the restaurant. I didn't know if we had to open the bottle ourselves and brought a cork screw just in case, but turns out they open it for you; I can't remember if there was a corkage fee, but it they do it's a small fee.Now, for the food: we shared a sardine appetizer and it was quite good. The bread was also really delicious, very fresh and soft. For my entree I ordered the lobster tail and that was very tasty! The veggies served alongside were cooked perfectly and the sauce was light and flavorful. We ended the meal with a chocolate mousse, which my partner didn't love, but I thought it was pretty good, definitely not the best I've had, but good!To sum it all up: good food, cozy place, and friendly staff!
5	Best Mussels!!! They were large and quite tasty.  The starter bread is corn bread and it is absolutely addicting.  My boyfriend and I had dinner on a whim on a weekday and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  The setting is intimate and I enjoyed it.  I only wish we would've brought a bottle of wine since it's BYOB. The service was excellent as well. I have no complaints, even if it is CASH only I think it's worth it. NOTE: Cash only.  They do have an ATM inside for your convenience. BYOB
5	My friends and I went there without a reservation on Thursday, and it seemed like there was only one small table in front the door left. We had no problem with it. All staff there are very friendly and helpful. The place is quite small so maybe you should make a reservation in advance. One of nice things about this place is BYOB ($5 per a wine bottle). If you don't bring anything. You can walk to Wine and Spirits, which is very close to the restaurant. So you can choose whatever you like to drink.Most importantly, the food was great! We had chicken livers and octopus for appetizer. For main dishes, we had a whole fish with caper sauce, and lamb racks. The entree dishes cost from $20-$35, and $28 in average.
5	What a gem of a place in Shadyside.  It s places like this that makes me miss living there.  Food was outstanding!  Because it was our first time, we wanted to do a little bit of this and that.  2 appetizers, Becky s salad and the special of the eve:  smoked salmon on crostini with creme fresh, a clam dish, forgot name, with the best tomatoe-white wine, I could have drunk from the bowl, broth; Becky s salad (the lemon dressing was out of this world delicious--again, could have drunk it, good).  I m usually not fan of walnut in my salad, but the crumbled goat cheese made me forget about my dislike of it, that I ate it happily.  Good pairing.  The special of the night, we opted for sharing the lamb shank with reduced red wine sauce and simple veggies.  Small veggie selection by american standards--half russet potato, slither of zucchini, and a stem of green onion, but the star afterall was the lamb, and it was meduim perfect, just as I ordered!  "Would you care for some dessert?", Ramon, our waiter (he was fabulous!) asked.  And so round 3 begins.  Coffee, a chocolate mousse with whip cream, beauty and...  their version of creme brulee.  I thought it had a hint of peanut butter, but not sure.  Regardless it was  so, so divine.This place was busy but we did not feel rushed, unlike most places.  The service was great, the atmoshphere quaint; it s definitely a neighbourhood cafe-- alot of repeat clientele, from what I gathered.  We shall return.Finally, on an end note. Cafe Zinho is BYOB, so bring your favourite bottle or magnum of vino.  And they only take cash or personal check, but they do have an ATM.
3	Recently dined here for the first time and can say that I was pleased with all of the food choices we had made at this establishment. The cold prickly pear soup was certainly a good choice of appetizer. The service was acceptable and the staff very welcoming. The only downside to this place is the atmosphere. It can get extremely loud at times (especially when you are sitting next to a party of 12) and it becomes rather difficult to have any table conversation.
5	Had a wonderful experience with a large group of friends on a busy Labor Day weekend. We brought a few bottles of wine which we paired up with various apps and the dinner. Corkage was an extremely nominal fee which left room in the wallet for more delectable food. The service was smooth and very friendly. The atmosphere was inviting with a small European-style cafe restaurant vibe. Food was fresh and tasty according to all of my friends and was simply amazing from my perspective.  The sardines app and the Portuguese Mariscada seafood stew which I had/shared were cooked perfectly and flavorful. Chef/Owner Toni Pais's back story and his culinary skills are inspirational. He came out to eat afterwards and was very humble when he was given a round of applause. This is truly an underground spot worth finding when in the Burgh, a city that's now a hotbed for excellent food, and Cafe Zinho is one of the reasons why!
5	What an absolutely delightful and special dining experience!  Our family of four went there for dinner this past Friday night.  Brought along  two  bottles of wine, which is such a nice bonus. Much cheaper and we were able to bring wines that we enjoy.  The decor is lovely, very bohemian and cozy.  Just magical.  Our server was Bulgarian and very knowledgeable about the menu and the specials.  The food is Portuguese, which is primarily fish based, so we ordered accordingly. To start we ordered the cod fritters, the grilled octopus and a special salad of the night, farm grown tomatoes with Roquefort cheese.  All very delicious!  Main courses were lamb burger with caramelized onions and provolone (tremendous flavor), the impeccable seafood stew and the salmon, also lovely.  Just a perfect relaxing meal in every way.  If you live in Pittsburgh and have not been, this place is a gem. Worth checking out.  Wish we lived closer (we are DC based).
5	The food here is really amazing. We ordered stuffed cornbread and vegetable soup as appetizers. For entree we had roasted duck and pork loin. They both taste really Portugal with a hint of sweetness. The downside of this restaurant is that they ONLY accept cash.
2	Cafe Zinho is a cute little restaurant tucked away on a street corner in Shadyside that serves up Portuguese food. Everything looked great on the menu, but execution was flawed through out our meal. Also, their dishes are not really Portuguese.For appetizers, we got chicken livers and portuguese bread pudding with mushroom cream sauce. The chicken livers lacked flavor, which is unfortunate because chicken livers on their own are not very tasty. The bread pudding was pretty good though.Entrees were, on the whole, not impressive. The lamb chops were obviously over cooked (we ordered medium rare, and the insides were almost fully cooked). The duck breast which people raved about online were tough and the sauce was too sweet. The seafood stew lacked flavor. The lamb burger was also overcooked.
