4	Typical Walgreens location.  Nothing to write home about.  It's been open for a minute or two and it's starting to show it's wear.  Convenient for the location, quick in and out.
1	Do NOT take your film to this Walgreens for processing.  They recently lost a roll of film that I dropped off there for processing (from a special trip that my wife and I took), and they could not even tell me who was responsible for handling it (I asked them if they had a schedule so they could figure out which staff member to follow-up with and try to locate the film, and they said they did not).  They also said they lost film for another ~7 people.  It's really amazing to me how disorganized they are in their photo department, with no accountability for mistakes (particularly with something as important as their customer's photographs).
4	Typical chain pharmacy.  The major positive is the drive-through pharmacy.  The pharmacy staff in particular was super helpful when I stumbled in with a handful of scripts for a nasty lung infection.  Someone actually came around the counter to make sure I got into a chair and dropped everything to fill my scripts right away.  The person who rang me up wrote down a list of how and when I should take what since he could tell I was too sick to necessarily retain anything he was saying to me.  Major props.
1	The Walgreens Photo Center needs MAJOR improvement. About 2 yrs ago I stopped going there because the equipment was often down and the employees were rude, unconcerned and not helpful. I returned to this store a few months ago because they got new equipment and I was hopeful the service had improved. I was disappointed again. Not only were the photo books I ordered screwed up FOUR times, they were not ready when the email said they were ( I waited more than 20 minutes both times), and the manager seemed very unconcerned about the inconvenience of it all. In the end, I received four books, none of which were made properly. At least I got a refund but it was not worth my time and stress to get them free. I will not be returning there for photo services.
