4	UPS - you inspire me to refrain from heading to the post office for the rest of my life. With minimal wait times, incredibly friendly and helpful employees and a plethora of shipping options and supplies, it's no wonder I have little desire to walk into a US Post Office. Woof. This particular UPS is convenient located in Elizabeth. So, all you Plaza Midwood peeps and Elizabeth residents have a quick and easy ship shop on Hawthorne. Parking is a cinch and there are plenty of greeting cards, mailboxes, shipping supplies, etc. that will fulfill those nagging needs. Next time I need to ship a package or pick up some packing tape while I'm in this general area, this UPS store is an obvious choice.
5	Seriously the best UPS store in town. I'm not one to send a package every day, every week, or even every month, but I've loved this location and the staff each time. Compared to other UPS stores, it's not all that different. Ship your stuff, box your stuff, buy a P.O box, etc.The thing that sets it apart is the customer service. Each of the guys that work here are fantastic. It's not that much to shake a stick at, but their great at what they do and they're rather kind. Andrew, namely, is the guy that has taken care of our needs each time we've come in. Great guy and always helpful, patient, and kind.
4	I had to ship cable accessories back to A T and T, and the UPS Store was the official outlet for doing so.  The lady who helped me was polite and helpful.  Goddess bless her; it was the end of what probably was a long and aggravating day dealing with people's stuff and a thousand dumb questions.  She remained patient with my obvious unpreparedness for shipping the items in my possession.  But the real reason that I am giving four stars is the UPS man.  He kindly opened the door for me as I was leaving, and.....get this......this man waved  at me as I pulled out of the parking lot!  I was touched by this very personal gesture.  It's those little things  that make a big difference.
2	After being a loyal customer to this location and a UPS My Choice customer, I was extremely disappointed in their policy over a mishandled package. I attempted to send a birthday present to my father in Atlanta and after it did not arrive in time, it show up back at our house in Charlotte. I was told that their policy is to resend it or to receive a credit and I could send it through another provider. It may seem extreme to complain, when I could just resend it for free, but when a company fails to perform their primary service, I feel that they should make things right with the customer. This means going beyond offering the same service you failed to perform in the first place. Having lost faith that this location can perform a core competency and their questionable customer service, for the foreseeable future, I will be taking my business elsewhere and canceling my UPS account.
4	So, the people who work here may quite possibly be the nicest workers in Charlotte. Maybe in the state of North Carolina. Maybe even the world. Okay, maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration. Or is it?This is my new go-to spot to ship, print and what not. Between all the businesses in this building and Sabor next door, parking can be a little challenging during peak times. I won't attempt to come here during lunch. (part of that though may be because I have no will power, will black out and walk next door for cheese dip)Thanks UPS Store for always being helpful, kind and going out of your way to help me with each visit. All businesses should take a page from your business model.
5	The absolute best and friendliest way to ship  a package in all of Charlotte. The employees are the friendliest and most helpful people ever.  If you have issues, they will take the time needed to help you fix the problem to your satisfaction.  I cannot tell you how much I love these guys!!  They are involved in the community beyond their job and remember where you work if you ever tell them.  Shipping is a but more expensive than USPS, but you get what you pay for.  I cannot tell you how many times I have lost packages via USPS, however I have never had a single package lost from UPS. The online services they offer are amazing.   You can make a profile and add your mailing address so that anyone who ever send a you a package via UPS an automatic email is sent to your email with a tracking number and delivery confirmation.  This is the best service when you receive packages frequently.  The store offers notary service, and they know the restrictions for notarizing which will save you time!  I have had a car title notarized with them and it was confusing until they explained the process in detail.  All for only 5 dollars.  What a deal!Parking is tough at lunch time, but luckily they have a few reserved spots for the store customers.   Happy shipping!
