4	The National Trust for Scotland operates the historic Georgian House in Edinburgh.  The house is located on Charlotte Square, close to the center of Edinburgh.   It's a fine example of Georgian era homes, dating back to the late 1700s and early 1800s.  I've always enjoyed viewing historic homes, be they Monticello, Clayton, Mt. Vernon, and the Hermitage.  I like learning how people lived through their furnishings, toys, games, costumes, and fashions.  Here at the Georgian House, I was fascinated by the period furniture, porcelain, silver and glass.  Like a lot of historic homes, we got a chance to be transported back to the past.  The docents here are in full costume and they stay in character to answer questions about what life was like at the house and in New Town circa 1800.  Methinks they hired local actors because they played their parts so well.  They also have something great for the little ones here.  Kids can try on period costumes, try their hands at everyday items like writing with quill pens and playing with period toys, and work on art and coloring projects.  Makes me wish I was a kid again!  They appear to host a lot of events here and the drawing room can be rented out for private parties.  If you're one for historic houses, put this one on your list.
4	This beautifully restored house in Edinburgh's New Town is just a pleasure to look at and walk through. It's part of my greater life plan to buy and restore a castle (I'm ambitious...) and the decor of Georgian House is just want I had in mind. There are wonderful and especially pricey-looking paintings hung generously on its walls, lavishly upholstered furniture and period dressed servants (some people call them guides) to tell you a little bit about the house.The main aim of the house is to give the visitor some insight into the way 18th century New Town inhabitants lived, which according to my observations was quite well indeed. If you've got time, it's definitely worth seeing a video they show, which further rubs in just how opulently the families of that time lived.
4	If you are a fan of old houses and period furnishings like I am, then the Georgian House has to be on your list of things to see when in Edinburgh.Since many of the row houses have been split and are being used for things other than residences these days, the Georgian House reminds us of a time gone by. . .and what life might have been like for a wealthy family in the New Town of Edinburgh back in the 1800's.First stop, is in the basement to view a video of the Lamont family who lived in the house.  it sets the stage for what you are going to see as you work your way through the various rooms.  While parts of it are laughable, they have done a good job in showing you it through the eyes of those who might have lived in the house.Each of the rooms has a guide who will share with you information about what you are seeing.  On the day we were there- the woman in the kitchen would hardly let us leave before she showed us everything there was to see- so enthusiastic!The first floor has been finished as was the ballroom on the 2nd floor.  And if you bring the kids- there is even a "playroom" where the kids can do some light crafts or spend time dressing in the period costumes of the day.You won't spend all day here so you may want to buy the National Trust Heritage pass which will let you into the castle, the Georgian house and other historic sites around Edinburgh at a reduced rate.  Perfect if you are spending a few days sight seeing!If you love history, especially the history of homes, check out the Georgian House.  It is a well done restoration. . . . just watch out for that woman in the kitchen or you may be there all day!
5	Excellent fun for the whole family. Good for locals and tourists alike. The New Town is a really interesting achievement in architecture and rationality of design but it can be a bit unknowable as an actual place where people lived. What was it like? What sort of person chose the hinterlands of the New Town over the well-lived-in Old Town? This museum answers those questions. Staff were wonderful, furnishings were really good and children's activities were excellent too. I advise trying to schedule a visit with kids for when one of the kid events is on. Also, see the film shown in the basement level about the house. Will go again.
