4	This place just opened up across the street from me, and all I can say (in my best Oprah voice) is "THEY SERVE CARTELLLLLLLLLLLLL!"That's right, those awesome Cartel beans that I pay through the nose for are being brewed right across the street. I got a cappuccino during their grand opening, and it was perfection. I also got a chance to chat with the owners who are very warm and engaging. I haven't tried any of their food offerings yet. When I do, I will update my review accordingly.I encourage everyone in the area to give this local, independent coffee shop a shot.
1	We stopped in on Saturday morning to give this place a shot. Walking in the door you cold tell this store was not ready for business. Secondly it's being managed by a 16 yr old and a group of teens who spent more ime answering their cell phones than taking customer orders. The espresso was terrible and it took them four tries to get four shots out of the machine. The breakfast panini was incorrectly made and had been overlooked. Don't waste your money here.
1	Not ready for prime time. This place needs alot of help. The tables were sticky, the servings small. The prices high. The food quality mediocre. Did not try the coffee... only the paninis. I think they will have a hard time competing with The Spot restaurant that is almost next door.
1	Tried this new restaurant for the first time today. Never to return.  Way over priced!  My sandwich was all bread. I had the Caprese panini. Two very thin slices of tomato, 2 very thin slices of cheese and a small iced tea.  (no one even ask if I needed a refill on the tea) Table was sticky and had someone's 'Bobby Pin'  left laying there.  (restaurant practically empty so they could not use 'being busy' as an excuse)  Sad...was hoping for something better.  I think anyone that may have given a great review ONLY had coffee.
5	Okay. Let me tell you something about The Bold Roost. It opened two weeks ago. Two weeks ago and it already is my favorite place in my area. You walk in here and the employees immediately treat you like family. Always asking me how I am with a smile on their face as soon as I walk in. I get my usual tea or caramel based drink and sit down. It's defiantly a coffee shop vibe here. Lounge chairs with wifi. Relaxing without a doubt. They have my drink ready quick and will always ask me how it is and tend to every catered need. As always, it's amazing. The best expresso of all time. People here are friendly and are up for a chat whenever. A great time whenever I come here. So, please, if you are looking for great customer service, amazing drinks, paninis, and overall an amazing experience come to The Bold Roost. It's just starting as an upcoming coffee shop and it's already amazing. It can only get better too! Overall, I'm proud to say my family will be a regular here for a very long time to come. Five stars and good luck Bold Roost!!!
4	Pretty empty when I strolled in at 8:00.  Free wifi.  Got a hot chocolate because I am already jacked up on rockstar to the point that I am sweating.  Not a super sweet chocolate - but I don't like super sweet so that's just fine with me.  This isn't a dig - I didn't ask for more chocolate when offered.Cant really try the sandwiches because I am not hungry.  I will come back for that maybe this weekend.This place has only been open 3 weeks so far - I am a little shocked at these other reviews.  I would offer polite feedback.  These "teenage kids" are very open to suggestions and quite friendly.The owner isn't here, but I sure would like to see this place survive.  I see potential here, in an area that has little to no coffee shops.
1	A couple weeks ago, my wife and I tried this place which is right around the corner from us. We eat only at independent restaurants so dissing this place is very difficult. Long story short, we went there for a light dinner, "gourmet panini" sounded like a perfect reason to try the new place. The turkey tasted like processed turkey loaf, the bacon was unlike anything either of us had ever ate, rubbery, reddish stuff. In a word, awful. First time we had EVER asked for our money back. I felt terrible but it was pathetic. The owners need to act now or the end is near I'm afraid. That is unless the coffee is mind-blowing.
1	My husband and I stopped by on our way home from our Saturday morning bike ride. When we arrived there was only one other couple in the place. A few more people arrived after us which the staff did not know how to handle.  The place was run by  high school kids how had no training and with no manager's guidance. Where was the manager/owner? The coffee was horrible. Ordered the chevre avocado. It tasted like the first egg the kid ever made. It was so overcooked it was rubber, no seasoning on the sandwich, and could barely taste the cheese. They owners didn't provide any decor other than steel gray walls. Prices are at least double for the quality and service received. Will never go here again even though it is less than 1/2 mile from my house.
2	The Bold Roost is still new, so perhaps in a month or so of their establishment the kinks in their system will be ironed out.For me, what I took into consideration with this 2 star ranking was the drink, decor, and customer service.Drink: I got a cookies and cream smoothie (it was something like that, I can't remember the exact name anymore), and was pleasantly surprised at the sweet taste, not over bearingly sweet. cons: chocolate chunks were not blended well, I felt like i was eating crumbled chocolate rather than having a chocolate blended drink. Secondly, cost of the drink was over $4, and the drink very extremely small for that price! Decor: as I said, I understand that this cafe is new, and I can see the concept they are going for with their local art hanging on the wall, however, the decor looked like everything was just thrown together. All the art was clustered in one corner, there may have actually been too many chairs and tables because the sitting area felt crowded (and I was the only one there at the time!). so it wasn't as cozy as a one would want from a family run cafe.Lastly, Customer service: the service was very good. the cashier was nice with his drink recommendation and this was very pleasing :)Hopefully the Bold Roost will have a better outcome since I always like to give a place a second chance, but hopefully it doesnt empty my wallet for just one drink.
4	I have been to The Bold Roost twice now. first on the grand opening and then a few weeks ago. There were some cons the fist time that i went and i probably would have given a lower review but before i jumped to conclusions (it was only their first day ever) i went back and tried it again. They have grown so much since they have first opened, there are more art on the walls and they have worked out many of the kinks with their food. And the staff is very friendly and if you have any problems or suggestions they are highly open to hear you and will go back and tell the whole staff what they need to fix. all in all The Bold Roost is good and if it continues to grow at the rate that they are they will be one of the best in the whole pheonix area.
3	The Bold Roost is a flawed coffee shop - and I'll get to that - but first, it must be known that the coffee is good and the service is polite. If you're just looking for a Starbucks replacement to pick up a drink for your morning commute, you could probably argue for a four-star review. As someone said earlier, they use Cartel beans ... and that's a good thing.But what if you're looking to sit down and enjoy a coffee-shop vibe? Bad choice. Why? It's hard to tell.Maybe it's the sterile interior that doesn't really give off any sort of culture other than "pretty cool basement." Grey-blue walls, too many oversized leather chairs, not enough art. Not to get hippy on this, but The Bold Roost desperately needs a vibe.Maybe it's the John Mayer that's been playing four out of the five times I've visited. John Mayer is always a bad choice.Here's the real problem. When you enter the Bold Roost, nothing strikes you quite like the stale quiet. I'm not an acoustic architect so I don't really have a solution (art to cover noise-reflecting walls? rugs? louder music (not John Mayer)? something tall to break up the room?), but I do know that it's a bit uncomfortable. Uncomfortable enough, in fact, that sitting down and ordering a panini (the entirety of their food offering) seems like something I'd rather not do.
4	WOW! I am amazed at how harsh people are being.  So, let's clear up a few things.  1) The owners are very young and this is their first venture.  Those of you rudely speaking about the teens there were most likely speaking to the owners.2) They have only been open just over three months.  EVERY business needs some time to adjust and you people giving the negative comments lack a bit of grace for this fact.3) I had their sandwich and their coffee...as one who generally roasts my own coffee I am rather picky and theirs was good.  Not the best ever, but still very good.  Again, give them some time to figure out types and roasts.  Also, their panini (I had the caprese) and it was very good.  The person who said it was just bread....ummm, you can only put so much cheese, basil, and tomato on a sandwich.4) The owners are extremely open to helping the community and being involved. I felt it important to write this because it seems that the negative type are the first to get on something and moan.  Please give this place a chance and get to know the owners.  They are open to suggestions so ig you have them, feel free to talk to them but be kind.
3	Super friendly staff who are enthusiastic about coffee and eager to please. The Panini's are good, but I feel like the shop could really use a pastry counter or some other food offerings to make it more of a complete experience. I enjoyed the tasting of different espresso shots on my last visit, and the Chai mix they use from Tuscon is better than other mixes I've had locally.Read my full review at: http://forkvsfood.com/thespot-boldroost/
4	I went back to the Bold Roost yesterday, and I can see they are taking feedback to heart! There is some change in the layout with a new booth cutting across the middle of the space to help divide it up a bit, and also a stage being put up to the left of the entrance for live music. There was also a little case with Muffins, Bagels, and a rack with Potato Chips, so there are now more options regarding food selection.Thanks for taking the time to listen and grow. Hope to be back soon!
4	My husband and I stopped in for lunch, service was great very friendly and helpful with the menu.  My husband had an iced mocha which was good and I had an Italian soda also good.  We both had panini's, loved the fresh local ciabiatta rolls and both were super yummy.  Will definitely be in again.
5	I came to Arizona to visit my best friends and I came across this little gem.Being Cuban and all I can be a bit snobby when it comes to coffee and that being said.I loved the espresso bar here the coffee was very flavorful and full of aroma.I was even instructed on how to get the most flavors in my sip.The Panini's are great as well.Can't wait to come out to AZ again and sip on some fine espresso from The Bold Roost. And of course to visit with my bfs
4	Great coffee. I prefer it over Starbucks. As others have said, the place is missing the coffee shop vibe. When I stop in, its early in the morning on my way to work so I can over look it for the decent cup 'o joe.
4	Great coffee (got a Cartel Med roast) at a reasonable price. 16oz for $1.90. What's not to love!
3	I really like supporting local business, so to the bold roost I say........work on your Americano and I'll be back.
3	Stopped in for a little afternoon pick me up.  I wasn't to impressed.  I had the salted caramel frozen made with coffee.  The salted caramel was yummy however I didn't taste a trace of coffee.  My daughter had the frozen java mocha and didn't like it at all which is different from her finishing all of her mocha frap from Starbucks.  The kids working there were very nice and quick.  If I try it again will probably try an actual coffee drink so I can get a taste of the beans.
5	I was quite surprised when I walked into the Bold Roost for the first time.  Its quaint, simple and friendly.  I like supporting smaller businesses, especially coffee shops.  I was a Starbucks employee for 4 years.The first time I came in here there was no one here, my first impression was that it was a new place, without a client base yet.  However the owner was super friendly, and suggested the Huevos Verde sandwich after my workout, because of the protein content.  It was a delicious sandwich, and the black iced tea that I ordered was perfect.  After about an hour, there were a couple of other students in the shop studying.  Its definitely a college atmosphere.  The second time I came here, a gentleman working suggested the TTBA sandwich, and again, a win!  They really prepare their sandwiches well.  The music here is different depending on what employee is working, which I really enjoy.  Right now some trance music is playing, yesterday was Sublime and Bob Marley, 2 days ago was country.If you are looking for a friendly coffee shop, where they bring your drink to your table, and actually try to learn your name, The Bost Roost is the place for you.(Also, your 10th drink free isnt a bad deal either).
5	I stopped in to the Bold Roost months ago when it was still cool outside. I had a regular roast coffee and my boyfriend had the salted caramel blended coffee of some sort - I didn't pay much attention as I don't care much for sweets. But my coffee was wonderful and I actually had a sip of his and it was delicious! The staff was very friendly and polite; informative about the menu and chatted with me when I asked questions about the new place. The interior was VERY clean. You could tell it was still a little new from the sparse decor, but certainly coming together. I dropped by the other day on a hurried lunch break to try one of their sandwiches and I was very impressed. I got the TTBA panini and it was delicious. Took  a few minutes to come out, but I could see the cook in the back working very carefully.  It's a great, locally owned alternative and has a very welcoming and quiet 'coffee shop' vibe. I love supporting local business and I will definitely be back!Great job, Bold Roost!
5	I am a medical student who was looking for a great coffee shop to study at that wasn't a Starbucks. This place fit the bill. The staff is incredibly nice and helpful. Their paninis are great and they have a good assortment of hot/cold/blended beverages. They have better WiFi than Starbucks and enough plugins to support my needs as well as my friends. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who likes supporting local businesses. They are always playing good music which helps establish an excellent coffee shop vibe. Stop on in, I will probably be there studying!
5	I recently moved here for school, and needed to find a good coffee shop where I could study.  This is by far the best place I have found.  The staff is EXTREMELY friendly and helpful.  They gratefully answered all of my questions about their menu, and carried on polite conversation.  The internet is fast, the music is great, and chairs are comfortable! I enjoyed and iced coffee (toddy) and a caprese panini, and my friend tried an iced chai and TTBA (turkey, turkey bacon, and aioli) panini.  The ingredients were fresh and each sandwich was made to order.  I am very impressed, and I will continue to support this local business in the future. I highly recommend checking this place out!
3	I tried this place for the first time. It was dead  but has a cute coffee shop vibe. I tried the Ethiopian roast they had on perk and it was really good. I do not like the fact when you pay by debit, the employee does it for you and the signature pad asks if you want to tip. I usually do not tip coffee places since most of the time I only order black and they are providing a product not a service. Customers do not like being asked to tip when tipping in these establishments is debateable anyways. I wish they would change this.
5	This place is great.  Best coffee in town IMO (I just get the bold drip or perk with some cream, and I've had the black iced which was also delish) and good food too.  My favorite coffee shop in town...
4	Good local place.. Ive only been once, the Carmel Macchiato was great and had me wired all day. Good friendly service. Has a local owned feel, not a modern chain feel to it.Close to my house so Ill go again.
4	I have been to the Bold Roost several times since it opened, and I think it's some of the best coffee in Gilbert. Not always the fastest service, but you can tell they are trying. We've also tried a couple of the paninis and thought they were pretty good.
1	Initially I was excited....a coffee shop in Gilbert that serves Cartel! Not so fast.  The decaf espresso is a substandard mass produced bag you might pick up at Walmart Supercenter. The barista....and I use that term loosely, couldn't understand why I might be a little upset that I was getting a 32 cent cup of coffee when I paid almost $3 for a cup of Cartel I didn't get.
1	My wife and I usually goto The Coffee Shop at Joe's Farm but today we tried The Bold Roost. My first clue shoulda been the lack of customers. Anyway, we order our usual iced coffee Americanos. I was kinda surprised at the $8+ charge but was anticipating a great drink. We were sadly disappointed! Our drinks were so watered down we couldn't be sure there was even any espresso in them. I literally took mine outside looking for a trash can. Ended up dumping them in the bushes. Fear not, we took the cups with us and threw away at The Coffee Shop at Joe's Farm. BTW, two amazing Americanos were $6.
1	I wish I could comment on the coffee or the food, but after waiting over 10 mins to be helped or even acknowledged by the staff we left. Will never go back how tough is it to say, "Hi, will be with you in a minute" but nope they just kept doing what they are doing.
4	I still drive out of my way to come here.  Good little shop.  Always get good coffee here.
2	I have a love hate relationship with this place. It's tough to write a review of that. It's the closest place to my place of work that's open before 7am so it has that. I like The Coffee Shop at Agritopia because they're cheaper and yummier but I gotta be at work by 7am. Ugh. So here I go.I will tell you the couple that owns this place are VERY VERY NICE. I like that. I like the looks of the inside, but there's no one there ever. That's sad. But they're nice. The God vibe (lots of church people go here) isn't overpowering for people who don't dig that.But here are the flaws. There's a barista guy who has dark hair and a goatee who doesn't welcome customers. Twice in a week I went in and was #2 in line. He ignored me. Then people came in behind me and he literally took them before me! I was furious. I've since seen him again and he seems to try to be nice now, but it was very annoying.Now I have tried 6 drinks in here since July, and I don't like any of them. The pre-med is a good idea but there's a weird taste to it. Ice Mocha, Toddy, everything, has a weird taste. I will keep coming back SEARCHING for a yummy something. I have never eaten here though. Also, costs too much money.
3	Tough spot to review. Its always empty, but the coffee isnt bad if you go for the light roast. Dont mess with the dark roast, too funky tasting. The feeling you get here is that it has potential but something is missing. I will go back, even though its pretty unremarkable.
1	I'm seldom in the East Valley. That said, I needed to drop someone at the airport in Mesa. I figured since I was in Mesa I would meet with some of my readers to sign some books. I couldn't find the coffee house I initially intended to sign at, even with a Mapquest map. Instead I came across this establishment. Being an author, I spend quite a bit of time in quite a few coffee shops around the valley. My default brew at any new new place I try is the Americano bold roast.Without exaggeration, Bold Roost is one of the more obnoxious coffee houses I've ever been to (including Starbucks, which I detest). First, the Americano was luke warm, overly bitter (even with 3 sugars and cream), and tasted as if it was made with tap water. Second, the service was absent, the two young women were more interested in talking to each other than following up. Lastly and most importantly (to me), the MUSIC was obnoxiously loud and poorly selected. When I arrived I was greeted with club music - pounding bass with screaming or chanting. Since I needed to stay a while I ended up listening to reggae. I can appreciate almost any genre of music for an hour or two. But the bass and chanting and the consistently loud, inescapable volume of the "music" was too obnoxious to allow me to concentrate on writing. If I wasn't meeting people I would have left after ten minutes.I'm sticking it out until my readers get here. After that I hope never to see this place again. Not recommended.
5	Love this place! Staff is friendly,  owners are great. I'm always greeted and they always acknowledge me when I leave.  I usually get a coffee, sometimes an Americano and I have no complaints.  Their menu is growing so I'll be eating some items to try.Overall all, this is my "Cheers" and I enjoy it!
4	If you are looking for an amazing cup of coffee this is the place!  My wife and I never agree on coffee, yet we both love a plain cup of Joe at the Bold Roost.  Some other reviews are misleading, this is a coffee place with breakfast sandwiches, not a breakfast menu.  Nothing for the kids to eat so we enjoyed the coffee and headed out.
5	Very nice atmosphere, friendly service and great coffee and tea!!! I can't wait to go back in the evening ...
5	Gilbert's best kept secret! Our favorite place to study and chat. Free Wifi, great coffee and adorable ambience. Love the Roost!!
5	My daughter and I stumbled into this place on accident and had excellent food, coffee, music and service. This is the cool little coffee shop that you want to be sitting in on a rainy day... We will be back for sure!
2	I'm not much of a coffee snob, but I wanted to try something new and since this place is right across the street, I figured I'd give it a try. It's got a cool atmosphere, the customer service was okay, the coffee wasn't the greatest and the food was decent. When I walked in, there was 4 women sitting right up front, whom I assumed were regular customers like me. Then the guy working the counter informs me that if I talk to them, since they're from some local small business chamber, I get some deal...my response is clearly in earshot of these women almost forcing me to say yes. And let's be honest, on a Saturday morning, I don't want to talk to anyone, even if it saves me $5. Embarrassed, I said "No, thanks". Look, I'm all for supporting local small businesses, but this felt more like a solicitation and it made it uncomfortable.I also mentioned it was my first time, so I was hoping for a run down on what I should expect my coffee to taste like. That's usually what happens when you go to other local places...but instead they just asked if I wanted dark or light...Overall, it wasn't the worst experience I've ever had, but it wasn't the greatest, so I may give it another try during the week.
3	As a huge fan of local business and wanting to find a "coffee house" that you can sit and feel somewhat at home.  Personally, I like the big comfortable chairs. They also have a small stage set up where anyone can play guitar, piano, drum and with a mic to bust out in song!  As a local hometown coffee place, the BOLD ROOST is heading in the right direction.  And Kudos to the coffee and panini!  I will only bring up one negative...the music was a little loud.  Otherwise, try it out...you will enjoy it!
5	This is our weekend morning go-to. We are always greeted with friendly service, great food, delicious coffee, and a vibe that I totally enjoy. I really appreciate their selection of milk substitutions (almond, coconut, soy). Starbucks could learn a thing or two from the Roost. I hope this local business sticks around for a long while.
1	Im a coffee junkie but not a snob. The coffee itself is mediocre at best. The service is friendly. Overpriced for what you are getting. Take a pass.
5	This place is wonderful! The atmosphere is comfortable and clean.  Comfortable chairs, great food, excellent coffee, books to read, art on the walls for sale by local artists, a piano, friendly staff.. I found my new coffee place.  Thank you so much!
