4	Tends to be full of out-of-towners impressed by the incense holders and recently reconstructed dreadlocked freshmen, but a good destination for comfy and inexpensive Indian-inspired tops and skirts, as well as wooden and silver earrings and decorative enameled boxes.
4	During my college years, Art Gecko was my favorite store in Madison. Probably once or twice a year I have to call a friend who still lives in Madison to stop by Art Gecko and pick me something up. Anything, just something from AG. They have beautiful silver jewelry, great gift items, organic clothing if that's your bag, and all the incense you can imagine. It's easy to take advantage of these type of local haunts in Madison because there are so many but once you move you realize just how special it is.
5	During my time in Madison, Art Gecko was my #1 favorite place to spend money I didn't really have.  Where I would really lose it was the jewelry case.  The shop has a fantastic collection that showcases many different gorgeous stones.  whee! shiny things!  There is a ton of other stuff - clothes, knick knacks, furniture, etc. - crammed into the store, so you can really spend a while poking around in there - and when I say "a while" I mean "a ton of money."
5	NoSheen is always beautiful & ready to answer any question you have about the shop & Marcel always seems to bring back stuff from Indonesia (& elsewhere I presume) that I genuinely luv.People always ask where I get my 'unusual' apparel.  If its not from NY, it's probably from here...It's very easy for me to walk in look around at mother of pearl, silver jewelry and clothing....then leave with $200+ less in my pocket. Go here.Shop.See for yourself.
5	I remember my first trip to Art Gecko- I was 17, the only girl on a school trip, and my head was swimming from all the gorgeous jewelry. I don't know what possessed me, but I decided to try on rings and I found a green Baltic amber cabochon one that looked somewhat like a turtle's back. It became probably my most prized possession and in my head, Art Gecko's been a treasure trove ever since.I'm pretty picky and so it's been a long time since something here's grabbed my attention like that... but on my last trip, I realized that, despite my initial out-of-place-ness in a hip-kid store like Art Gecko, I'm pretty much their ideal clientele.Their curtains are just loud enough to be funky, but classy as all heck. I wish I'd picked some up when I was there, but alas, next time. Their jewelry is still unparalleled, and somehow I came home with a gorgeous amber pendant, very much like my old ring (which went to Japan with a boy that now, I probably won't see again) and is my new favorite piece of jewelry. Their clothing is cute, if not really my style, but still, the scarves are super cute. All their housewares are unique and I really just could comfortably move right in~Love Art Gecko~ Can't wait to come back!
4	Ohmygosh, all the scarves you could ever hope for! What an awesome little store.
5	This is a lovely store, with all kinds of jewelry (including a huge ring selection), artworks and imported clothes.  I go there mostly for fabric items.  I don't know how they cram it all into their small space, but they carry curtains, bedspreads, cushions and more.  The handcrafted rug and bedspread I brought home are just beautiful!  I didn't even ask, and they even gave me a discount just because I was buying the last patchwork bedspread on the shelf.
4	Great place for an eclectic accessory... or two... or five. It's hard to walk out of this store with only one item! I'm a earring junkie. Dangly, bold, jingly, long - I want to wear them all, and I never have a problem finding a new and interesting pair of earrings here. Many of my friends have purchased sterling silver rings here.... pretty semi-precious stones, a huge selection.
4	I really do like Art Gecko....it's a great place for groovy and eclectic worldly gifts for those hard to shop for relatives.  I stop in at least 5 or 6 times a year to see what new inventory they have, find sale items, etc....I don't think I have EVER left empty-handed.I think some of the prices are a bit much, hence four stars, over five.Hint:  Check the upstairs and back room for larger items, and deals....also, LOOK UP!  They have many items for sale mounted higher up on the walls.
4	I love this store! The only reason I'm giving it 4 and not 5 stars is because the prices have gone up recently and in my opinion things are starting to cost more than they're worth (especially since they probably bought everything for dirt cheap overseas).Still, if you like funky decor or jewelry, this is a must visit shop. Basically everything in my apartment is from here or Earthbound across the street. They have awesome textiles and curtains, interesting lamps, boho jewelry and even some furniture (there's more at the Monroe street store). I've bought beautiful pillows, scarves, mosaic mirrors and blankets just to name a few things.
