5	Great pizza and Italian food from a great local family. The crust on the wood fired pizza was amazing. Really happy to have you in the hood!Beer selection is really good too.
4	Been twice, very enjoyable. Great staff. Have tried pizza and the eggplant lasagna. The pizza was good but the lasagna was amazing.  I will be back!
5	Third time here and each time great..small plates, pizza, cannoli, service all superb
3	Pretty solid pizza, 4 Peaks Hop Knot IPA. Worthy of 4 or 5 stars on that effort alone. No complaints at all about the service, the restaurant is nice, great patio. But I can't overlook the "roasted beets", which are basically canned beets 2 ways (yellow and purple) with some arugula, goat cheese, and a balsamic reduction. Why go to all this effort and serve canned beets for nine dollars? I don't get it. Buy some beets at Safeway right across the shopping plaza (fresh not canned), and roast those beets. These even had the can imprint, as if the flavor of canned beets wasn't enough. I'll definitely go back to have some pizza and a few drinks, but if the beets are any indication I'm not sure this place will be around for long. Hopefully they just ran out of the real beets and were improvising instead of just 86ing it from the menu.
5	This is a great new restaurant!  The pizza was the best wood fired pizza I've ever had!  I normally don't care for wood fired pizza because the crust can taste burned. This crust was fantastic and toppings were great too. Highly recommend!
4	Okay so I see photo evidence the beets are roasted there. Maybe I just don't like beets? Upgrading to 4 stars and disregarding the roasted beets.
5	The best in the west! I am from NY and can tell you that this is authentic NY Italian food. You owe it to yourself to try it. The first time I went there was for their soft opening. It was day one and I can tell you that it has ambiance and a very friendly staff. The owner Mario personally greeted me and brought me a sample of his orincetti which otherwise are known as rice balls. I felt like I was back home it was out of this world! The pizza is so delicious.  He told me his stove was imported from Italy. This is a treat for AZ. Go for it. And don't forgetaboutit!; Manga and enjoy. I've been back twice since..u will too!
4	I am so happy that my family and I tried this cute, little place. The service alone was superb, I think we were greeted by just about everyone who was there that night! With the weather being so beautiful, we sat on the patio. It was clean and enjoyable, which is a big deal for me as I'm not a big fan of eating outside! We started with some beers and garlic knots. The beers were good, but the knots were a bit overdone. Still OK, just not the best. But, that's fine, because it's the pizza that got me hooked!!My husband ordered the meatball pizza, and I the Diavolo. There. Are. No. Words. That little devil was incredible! The spice, the flavor, the crust! I'm eating the leftovers now, and I'm still so happy. The meatball pizza was also very good! We left satisfied and will return again!
4	Had the opportunity to eat at il Capo Pizzeria and will say that I will be back.It was Sat evening and they were fairly quiet...they are newer yet so hopefully as word spreads business will pickup. As I browsed the menu posted outside a few of the staff would stop and ask if I had any questions or needed any help, but not in that annoying obnoxious way some staff can be. They were very friendly. I decided to eat on the patio which is dog friendly. This doesn't bother me but an FYI if that is something that bothers you before you decide to choose to sit outside. Our server was very friendly and helpful. When we asked about the salads he suggested that we could probably split (between 2 of us) one rather than each of us getting our own. We got the Caesar with chicken add-on. The chicken was plentiful and the quantity of dressing was just right...the romaine was not drowning in it. We then split the Cacciare wood fired pizza. Our server explained how to oven was imported from Naples. Let me say, it was absolutely worth it. The pizza crust was exquisite and cooked perfectly with very flavorful toppings.On the downside they were out of some of the SanTan brews...good to see people drinking local but disappointed none available during our visit.
2	Went to check this place out, as it sounded interesting...  Sat outside on the patio, not to many people there.   Someone came over and said they would be back.  20 minutes later it was the same woman.  She "forgot about us" she said...  The pizza was ok, the antipasto was not good at all.    The pizza came out first, it was cold, then meatballs and salad.  It is in the same spot as the Gelato Spot.    Bring back the Gelato!  There are several other places like this in the area.  They won't last in my opinion.
2	Ordered 2 pies to go - one wood fired and one build your own - the lady that took my order asked if I wanted fresh cracked pepper - my request never made it - $40 later - I will stick with my tried and always true pizza joints .....neither was a stand-out or reason to go back.
5	We went to Il Capo for dinner last night. We ate on the patio as the evening was perfect. The service was perfect! Our waiter was amazing!  I was already sure what I was going to have but since I had some questions on some items on the menu I had not heard of but they sounded interesting. Our waiter made suggestions and I took everyone. I was not let down. Started with beers and some great wine, garlic knots and Orincetti-rice balls. Both were fantastic-the sauces were amazing!! Our waiter continued to make sure our glasses were full and checking to make sure we enjoyed our appetizers. We got 2 pies... Funghi and Diavlo.. again referral by the chef and the waiter. Both a slice of heaven! Both had such great flavor. I enjoyed the Funghi because I loved all the garlic and my friends loved the Diavlo because of the hot sausage. We all agreed we would get again.. but not until after we tried others; they have to all be just as good! Unfortunately, we were all to full to get dessert. At the end of the evening our bill was a pleasant surprise! Not any different from the 4 of us going to any other restaurant, but the quality of the meal was way better so we feel we got our moneys worth and some. I highly suggest this place and am sure you will all enjoy
5	My entire family, including kids couldn't stop eating their pizza.  Mouth watering even thinking about it.  The wine and Caesar salad were good too.  Their service was really good too.  Thanks for serving us.
5	My new favorite Italian restaurant in the valley! The Pizza and Pasta were awesome, service was outstanding and the prices reasonable.. Their by the slice options are tasty demonstrations of the pizza art and the apple pizza was a great take on an old classic.. A full service bar and good wine selection top off a great dining experience!
5	LOVE this place! The patio is dog friendly, which we enjoyed. You must keep your dog leashed up, no free roaming, excellent rule:) very relaxing atmosphere to enjoy the beautiful day and eat.Inside is just as awesome. The bar is gorgeous! Not just all the drinks, but the beauty of the wood, Stools, and what the happy hour specials are displayed (very easy to read)Excellent customer service!! Every time we have visited they make sure that you're enjoying everything from the table, food, drinks, it all. They have an apple arugala salad that's delicious! That is my favorite! Try it! Yum!This place is in a great spot and are off to a great start!  Awesome local business to support!
5	If you are looking for authentic Italian cuisine then this is the place to go!!!When you walk in the door you can watch Master Chef Charlie behind the counter preparing pizzas to cook in his state of the art Italian oven. First I started with a blueberry ginger infused prosecco wine cooler. Very refreshing on a warm spring day!I tried the Caesar Salad, the arancini (fried stuffed risotto balls), the orecchiette with fennel sausage, roasted tomatoes, broccolini in garlic broth and the tiramisu. Everything was fresh and delicious!!!!  There are so many other dishes on the menu I can't wait to go back and try more!!!!
5	I've been there twice for a late lunch and had the Linguini & Clams both times. Really tasty! Everyone is friendly and I look forward to branching out and trying other items on the menu...maybe lasagna next time!
4	Tasty Italian food - great quality, reasonable prices, nice atmosphere, friendly service.  What a great find!  A few more visits like that, and I'll bump it up to 5 stars!We stopped in with friends on a quiet Monday night.  We had attentive service and full water glasses to go with our delicious food.  We ordered the Hippy Roll, which happened to have spinach and mozzarella that day, and came with a side of marinara for dipping.  Perfect crust, perfect melty ingredients - totally delicious.  We also got the Apple and Arugula Salad, which was light yet generous, and lovely - the slightly salty cheese was perfect with the light  sweetness of the honey shallot vinaigrette.  Our friends had the gluten free funghi pizza, and were kind enough to give us a taste - the crust was quite nice (not weird at all) and the mushrooms were aromatic and flavorful.  Their pear salad looked so good, with its yellow grape tomatoes, that I might have to try it next time.We didn't come all that hungry, and regrettably had to pass on dessert, but we'll bring bigger appetites next time.  I understand the tiramisu is homemade!Can't wait to come back!
5	So delicious! We went for Father's Day to treat my husband to dinner. Service was great. Attentive and so friendly. We wanted to try a bit of everything so we ordered to eat family style: Margherita Pizza, Chopped Salad, Rigatoni with sausage, mushroom and tomato cream sauce. Our son had a Sicilian slice and we all shared a salted caramel gelato. Everything was so tasty! The price is on point and we really enjoyed the view of the kitchen. Cutting fresh meats, tossing the pizza dough and the wood fire oven. Great little place. So glad it is in our neighborhood, this will definitely be one of our "go to" spots.
5	We had such a great experience on Father's day that we decided to stop in again before the movies on Sunday. We stopped in just after 5:00, it was happy hour so the wine was $3 off and beer and cocktails were also discounted. We ordered a few slices and the chopped salad. The salad is so good, so many delicious flavors and dressed perfectly. They had 2 different white pies! Yum! We had the same waiter as last time, I can't remember his name...really nice young guy who is hoping going into the Navy Officer program. Great service. The owner stopped over to see how our meal was and we joked that il Capo might have to be our Sunday spot. He had mentioned the chef just brought out a fresh tiramisu for him to taste and he would love to have us try it after our meal. He brought us a complimentary tiramisu to share as a family and it was delicious. Not overly sweet, perfectly creamy and the coffee flavor was so good. As we were leaving, we were happy to see the restaurant was filling up. They are only a few months old and I think they will do a great business. (They have some pies, stromboli, garlic knots etc. ready by the kitchen and we noticed a few people come in to grab a few slices to-go. Something to keep in mind for lunch or a quick bite).
5	Awesome family owned Italian place! Service and food were excellent. Did not have to wait long for our food but yet so fresh with the homemade marinara sauce that is to die for. Great Happy Hour prices, and a good beer/wine/spirits selection. Will definitely be back. Nice to not be in a typical Scottsdale uptight fufu restaurant/bar.
5	The food was fantastic. The kids eat free special on Sunday was great. Will definitely come back again and again.
5	Grabbing a belated birthday dinner for our son, and decided to give Il Capo a try. Had heard and read great things and we were not disappointed ... SO GOOD!We had the Funghi and pepperoni pizzas, while our daughter had the spaghetti with meatballs. Everything fresh and made from scratch. Our server, Jon K., was fabulous!  He was extremely knowledgeable about the menu, prompt, and courteous. Be sure to ask for him!Don't go anywhere else, this place is fantastic!  We will be back!Plus, check-in on Yelp and get a discount on the yummy garlic knots!
5	OMG!  I found my new fav italian place!  This place is soooooo good!  Our group decided to come here after Pita Jungle was waaaay too busy.  I am so glad we gave this place a try!  I was a little hesitant at first since it was completely dead inside, the food was amazing, the service was good and the price was right.  What else do you want?The eggplant parmesan is the best i have ever had, i have been trying to find an eggplant parm that is just as good as the homemade stuff I have had from a friends mom.  I finally found it!  Wahoo!  I got the eggplant parm hero which was SO GOOD.  The bread that came with the sandwich was awesome too!  I am going to start telling everyone i know about this place.  They haven't been open long so that is why it wasn't that busy.  GO NOW before this place gets cracking!
4	I've established a tradition in the past few weeks called "Pizza Friday." Pizza Friday is where I've worked out all week, stayed mindful of my nutrition and decide that Friday evening calls for a celebration. Of pizza! We've been watching this space for a while, checking in the windows when visiting Pita Jungle and hoping it would be good, as it's pretty close to home. Verdict: We have a winner!We arrived a little early on a (Pizza) Friday evening, and JUST beat a rush. Not sure what the deal was, but the place became PAAAACKED with families with small children. Our server cracked a joke about Chuck E. Cheese, so apparently it's not the norm (yet?), but just know that if tons of strollers/kiddos surround you, the place can get loud. Even so, nothing could ruin the delicious meal we had!We started splitting the Chopped Salad, which the kitchen portioned onto two separate plates for us without our asking. The salad of mixed greens, corn, tomatoes, cukes, red onion, ricotta salata and a refreshing basil vin was a great summery starter. All ingredients were uniformly chopped and it was lightly dressed to perfection. Add a slice of crusty bread and I could eat a whole portion of this for an ideal solo meal.But who wants just salad with there's pizza involved!? We chose a classic Margherita and a Patate (roasted fingerlings, gorgonzola, mozz, onions, pancetta on half) to split. The Margherita was dreamy, with perfectly browned fior di latte and a delicious red sauce. The Patate was next-level. Those onions? They were amazingly caramelized and sweet and provided an excellent contrast to the sharp gorgonzola (my love) and roasty potatoes. Boyfriend said the pancetta was a great smoky/crispy addition. The crust on both was a classic combo of charred/chewy/chrispy that we love about wood-fired pies.We were stuffed. Server described their gelatos, which included a sea salt caramel choice. We immediately surrendered and ordered that as an affogato. A huge scoop was drowned in delicious espresso, and I pretty much don't know what life was before I ate it. It was AMAZING.So, all in all? We want to try every single menu item. Our food was glorious, but we couldn't stop looking at all the other table's choices as well. Il Capo, I'll see you again and again for more Pizza Fridays!
5	I had a wonderful meal here today... Best meatballs ever... Their mini plates are perfect for me because I'm not a big eater;). Great service and atmosphere... The patio is awesome it was just to hot to sit there today... A must visit
5	What a awesome restaurant!  It's called a pizzeria but they offer soooo much more.  We celebrated a birthday there last night.  The food and service was amazing. Generous portions too!  The rice ball appetizer is to die for!  I would highly recommend you trying it for yourself.  You won't be disappointed!  It's now my favorite local place to grab a bite!
3	We visited Il Capo after finding it online while searching for something new in Scottsdale, where our vegetarian friends could find a broad selection of food.We arrived around 7pm, before our friends, admittedly on a weekday night and the place had three tables seated.The atmosphere was ok but no real ambience, and certainly no buzz from being busy.After our friends arrived we ordered a chopped salad for the table and ordered three pizzas and a spaghetti and meatballs. The salad was excellent.The pizzas, all vegetarian varieties, were lacking flavor. Possibly there was no seasoning so they were simply adequate. The crust was quite good, but the overall pizza just lacked something.The spaghetti and meatballs were good. The sauce was a little thick, but was good. It needed a lot of pepper to give it some flavor kick though.Halfway through our meal, by around 8pm the restaurant was empty, with just our table working.The service was very attentive and our waiter, Tim was really good. He knew the menu and was very accommodating with special requests for capers and olives on one of the pizzas.If they take care with the seasoning on their pizzas they will do better.Overall it was ok.
5	Pita Jungle has always been a favorite place. We just discovered il Capo during our last "Pita visit", so decided to try it last week.In a sentence, we loved il Capo. The decor is informal but fun, the outside patio area will be a superb hangout when the weather cools a bit, and the staff was both attentive and helpful. The mussel appetizer was awesome, the wine selection is solid and happy hour pricing was a complete bonus. We both ordered pizza's, which were fabulous and took a 'to-go' box home.We'll be back!
5	This is my second time hete. Check in on Yelp and get free  garlic knots! When you walk in, you can smell the pizza. It's small but quaint. There is plenty of outside seating with outside misters.
4	I was so excited to give this place 5 stars but couldn't begin to pull the trigger.  The food is worthy of it, but the service and atmosphere insists that I kick it down a notch.  Sorry!The pizza was fantastic.  I ordered The Boss and it was huge.  Crust was wonderful and ingredients were abundant and fresh.  It tasted great and the texture was awesome.  Really just a wonderful Za.  We also ordered the pear salad which was fantastic.  We saw other orders coming out and they all looked equally as special.  The slices available for a quick grab and go looked great too.  But the acoustics were horrible.  I couldn't carry on a conversation once a few people got there after their movie got out.  I couldn't even understand the waitress when she was explaining something about the gelato.  She was new, so I don't wanna rattle the cage too much but after our pizza came she was overly occupied with small talk with other tables it seemed.  The place is small, so there can't be more than 20 tables but she seemed a little overwhelmed.  Plus, the tables are way too close.  Another couple came in and sat down next to us and I felt as though I was obligated to have a conversation with them.  That's too close.  Lastly, that darned Western exposure is a killer at dusk and between having the sun glaring in our faces, the couple almost on top of us and the fact that we couldn't hear ourselves over the rest of the noise in the place really undid so much of the quality that we would've enjoyed otherwise.But if you want a great pizza, I'd have to say that this is on the top of the list.I hope that they can cozy it up a little bit and put some padding on the ceiling or something.  If I was in a comfy booth facing away from the sun I think that it would have been there.  Right now I am just happy that I've got 3 slices left over for the week!!!
5	If you want slap your mom good pizza & great service, you need to visit this place!! Found this spot on yelp. I'm sooooo glad I came ! I'm from NY so great pizza isn't hard to find....tonight I must say I tasted the best pizza EVER!!!! We had the Boss pizza (pepperoni, sausage,Mushroom, roasted red pepper) with garlic knots . A-freakin Mazing ! The pizza was fresh and hot out the oven, crust was thin and crunchy yet moist. The sauce and cheese had the right ratio. You can tell they make their sausage in house. Heaven !!!!! On top of the awesome pizza we had a great server named John. He was very enthusiastic and knew the menu like the back of his hand. He made our night that much better. You will regret not coming here. I sure didn't.
5	Best pasta and pizza I've ever had - try their Penne Alla Vodka - it's to die for :)Great Customer service and price is great
1	Went for lunch, had been told by employee the eggplant parm was great. They were out of it, chef recommend cheese steak, waitress said if he recommends it best to try it. Should have just left. It was supposed to come with mushrooms, pepper and onion, ordered without peppers, showed up with  onion and barely any steak, when waitress noticed me looking for mushrooms she said they were it of them too. If it wasn't for the bread I would have been eating air. Better call first to see if they have anything the chef feels like making before you try it, that is if they have it in stock. Should have gone to pita jungle, it's always good there.
4	Really good place, and rating strong 4. Sat outside and the neighboring restaurant has cool mist blowing to cut the heat, which can be enjoyed depending on the wind.  We ate small plates: meatballs, slowed cooked ribs, arincini and small specialty pizza. Service was excellent, food was delicious. I would definitely return to try some entrees.
5	I stopped by after seeing a movie Saturday night.  I was so happy that I stopped  by and read the menu, looked at the fabulous wood burning oven from Napoli.  The staff and the food absollutely fabuous!  I cannot wait to go back and try everything on the menu.  Mama Mia!!!
5	Best NY Style Pizza in the valley hands down! Garlic knots are amazing. And they do personal pies, NY style pies and by the slice, and a great craft beer selection. And get the gelato. It's awesome.
1	Ordered food. Was told it would be delivered in 30-45 minutes.  3 couple together had 6 kids under the age of 6 and they were all starving for dinner.  After an hour and 20 minutes we called and they said they sent 5 deliveries in one car and that we (the customer) are the problem. The food never ended up getting delivered because the owner felt that we wouldn't want it after all that time.  I went to the restaurant to speak with the owner to find out what actually happened.  Who ever took the order wasn't paying attention, didn't know how to spell, didn't know to ask for a customer to clarify an address or ask for a phone number that the customer could be reached at.  I have no idea how the food actually is, but was given the 12" pizza on my way out with parting word to "not order the 12" thin crust to go because they just don't hold up well for travel".  Makes me wonder why they gave it to me it they really aren't proud of it.Had the restaurant been up front and honest with timing (and actually told us if a pizza wouldn't be good delivered) maybe we would have had a chance to try it.
4	The chopped salad was very good. My daughter had the chicken parm. Cooked perfectly, great sauce. Garlic knots went well with both. Sat on the patio. Waiter was awesome. Had our golden with us.  The waiter brought him a bowl of water. Didn't even have to ask. Will be back.
3	Our family of four dined in at il Capo on a Friday night. It took just a bit to get seated at a patio table because we had to wait for the hostess to seat us.  She was busy helping another customer with her check or something.  There is lots of staff so I'm not quite sure why someone else couldn't have seated us at an open table.We all asked for water and all of us were in agreement that the water does not have a good taste.  It seems odd that a restaurant would serve water that tastes like it is unfiltered and out of the tap.  Especially in hot Arizona, please serve some water that doesn't taste awful.  Hopefully this isn't their way to force customers to order other beverages.Our food was a mixed bag.  Garlic knots were good, but possibly a bit overcooked on the bottom.  We had to ask for napkins and ended up taking silverware off an open table by us since our table had none.Our son ordered the pesto salmon and liked the fish, but disliked the risotto that came with it.  Two others at our table tasted his risotto and agreed it was not very good.  Our daughter had gnocchi Bolognese and thought it was okay.  She tasted my penne alla vodka and said it was better than her dish.  Personally I'd give the penne dish a 6 and would have to say I like a similar pasta dish at Oregano's much better.  My husband had the capricciosa pizza.  He liked it.  I had a taste of his pizza and would agree it was pretty good.Our two kids ordered dessert: one raspberry gelato and the tiramisu.  Both enjoyed the desserts.In a nutshell, we were generally disappointed that the service and the food wasn't better.  The staff just seemed to be a bit disorganized.  We all agreed that if we returned we'd stick to side salads and pizza; the fish and pasta entrees were disappointing, especially given the prices we paid.
5	We came into this establishment for my wife's birthday dinner. The atmosphere was great and all of the staff was jovial. A young man named Sam served and he was a pleasure, very knowledgeable and had a great attitude. He recommended some amazing dishes and delectable pizzas, not to mention the amazing deserts! We were very happy with the experience and look forward to making it one of our regular spots!
5	Plus-a-star-to-five-stars update!Il Capo is just seriously dreamy. The service is great. The food is phenomenal. I'm officially a fangirl for life.We visited this past Saturday for an early (5:00 I think?) dinner. I had passed out for 2 hours after a HOT and HILLY half marathon (never again) and woke up ravenous. I wanted something to re-fill that calorie deficit. I wanted IL CAPO!It was hard to decide on something other than pizza, since our first visit's pizza choices were so outstanding. But we explored the rest of the menu (we are so brave) and landed on: happy hour bruschetta (3 pieces for $2.95...delish!), eggplant parm for me, chicken parm for boyfriend. There was not even a crumb or swipe of sauce left on any plates. WIN.Both our mains were outstanding but we both RAVED and fell in deep, real love with the side of pasta and marinara our dinners came with. Perfectly al dente pasta with homemade sauce topped with parsley and Parmesan...I know it sounds so simple but when it's done so perfectly words escape you, you know? Our server was knowledgeable and friendly. My wine was great. I slept like a bambino that night.Il Capo, I've said it before, but thanks for being alive!
5	Stumbled on this restaurant today and we will definitely be back! The gourmet pizza by the slice sold my husband immediately as he knew we would be eating in minutes. The crust was perfect, sauce/ cheese ratio perfect and flavors were delicious. We got three different slices - lemongrass chicken, eggplant, and the grandmas something. It tasted like pizza I've only been able to enjoy in Italy. Worth the trip to eat in so you can too enjoy authentic and incredibly good pizza!We also got the roasted pear salad which was fantastic. It was a bit sweet for my taste but hubbs thought it was perfect.Excited to go back!
4	My family was in town for a reunion of sorts and we came here with a rather large group of 11 people, including one toddler and two babies. Our waiter handled the large group with great attention and attitude. The food was also great - several of us had one of the daily special pastas, a squid ink tagliatelle with seafood. Excellent! We had just had pizza two nights before so we didn't order it, but theirs looked and smelled amazing.
2	Pretty cool place; great pizza and happy hour too. If you get takeout though, the Oreochitte is good, but barely covered a third of the to go container.That stinks because i think it was the most expensive pasta dish on the menu. May want to inspect your takeout prior to leaving.Don't like being squeezed, so most likely will not return.
5	Wow!  Great Italian food!  This was our 4th visit to il Capo.  Their spaghetti with meatballs are just like my Italian Nana used to make.  Rich, flavor-packed sauce and the meatballs are the perfect texture. They don't skimp on the sauce or the portion.  The pasta Carbonara is very good. We had our favorite dish tonight!  It was pasta with a tomato cream sauce, bella mushrooms and ground sausage.  AMAZING flavor.  One of the best Italian meals I have had in the Valley.  il Capo staff is friendly and courteous. You're gonna love this place!
5	Went back today to give it another shot. Had the eggplant parm sandwich, one if the best I've had. It was recommended by John the first time I was there, unfortunately he was not there the last time. Service does make a difference and he is very knowledgeable about the food there and also makes you feel comfortable and appreciated. Will definitely go back and recommend to others.
5	Cesar salad w homemade croutons to start and 12 inch cheese pizza.  So good.  Thank goodness for yelp for those of us who travel a lot.  I have found so many good restaurants this way.  This place is no exception!  Nice little patio too.  Great place to come before a movie- theatre is right across the parking lot.  Great service Marianne!
4	I've had their pizza to go, at the bar, and dining in (seated next to the windows).  In all cases - GREAT PIZZA and excellent service.  I have to give an extra thumbs up to Tim who's service was warm and very attentive - it made the dining experience even better (love when that happens).  I'll be back - it's in a great location to stroll afterwards as well - or go to the movie.
5	This place is phenomenal. Great service, family atmosphere, authentic Italian. 5 stars.
5	This place is truly awesome!!! The food and service is on point. I would list all the good stuff but all of it is great. Love the vibe of this joint so much.
5	Very good all around. I had a 12" pizza with a caesar side salad. Salad was fresh, large enough, perfect. I had the spicy pizza: delicious!Service was great and the price was reasonable. Can't ask for much more. I will be back when I'm in this part of town again.
5	The space is laid out a little weird,  but the Caesar salad and the square slice of pizza were delicious beyond expectation specially for $5 total. I will definitely try to come back here and recommend you try it too. And they were very friendly and fast with the check and the food.
5	OK. So I am a New Yorker. I have had some of the best Italian you can find anywhere outside of Italy. I just moved to Phoenix and one of my first orders of business was to search for an Italian restaurant. It just so happens that my parents, who still live in NY, were out to visit for Christmas and we decided to give Il Capo a try. Going out to eat isn't an easy task, especially when you have 4 kids, ages 6, 4, 2 and 1, in tow. We were warmly greeted as we walked in and our server, Tim, set up the tables to accommodate our party of 8.  Since we had such a large party, we wanted to try a good sampling of various items on the menu.We started with garlic knots, breaded clams and rice ball. The garlic knots were nice and big, perfectly cooked and seasoned wonderfully. The sauce it was served with was so good, I finished eating the rest of it with my fork. The rice ball was served on a bed of the sauce and sprinkled with cheese. The breading was crispy and the rice inside was moist and well flavored.  The breaded clams were a nice appetizer. There were 12 small clams with a well seasoned breading on the top of a bed of fresh arugula. Using the lemon juice over the arugula, it made a nice bonus salad.The kids had a half cheese, half pepperoni pizza which had the perfect balance of toppings. The crust had a nice crunch and paired nicely with the sauce and mozzarella cheese.  My wife had the Chicago Beef Dip with sweet peppers and a pasta salad with a giardiniera type dressing. The beef and peppers were a perfect combination of flavors on the crunchy bread. The dip enhanced the flavor of the meat and peppers, which I didn't even think was possible. My parents split a Margherita pizza, which I have been craving for a while. The wood fire flavored crust matched with the olive oil, mozzarella, tomato sauce and basil all married together to form the perfect slice of pizza I was missing. I decided on the Chicken Parmesan, a staple at any Italian food joint. The chicken was nice and thin and covered with sauce and cheese, melted to form a slight crunch to the cheese. I was very impressed that the side of pasta wasn't just noodles with sauce tossed on top, but the noodles themselves were tossed with sauce before being placed on the plate which led to an even distribution of sauce all over the noodles. Some shaved cheese and parsley sprinkled on top were the perfect finishing touches to this dish. After all of this, there was no way we were going to leave without desert. We got a plate of cannoli, a tiramisu, and a slice of NY Cheesecake.  The cannolis were excellent with a dusting of pistachio on one side and chocolate sprinkles on the other.  There were four of them on the plate and the shells were dusted with powdered sugar. The filling was the perfect cannoli consistency - thick and sweet. The cheesecake had cherries and a syrup on the top. I am not a cheesecake fan, but this was delicious. The sauce was not overbearing and the cheesecake itself was amazing. I primarily had the tiramisu, which is a tricky dish to master. Il Capo did just that. The lady fingers were soaked perfectly and the marscapone filling was done wonderfully. Too many times, the filling is too sweet in an effort compensate for the bitter goodness of the espresso soaked lady fingers, but not here. The desert portions were generous as well. The cheesecake and the tiramisu were nice sized and were were all able to sample a little of each.A final note about our server, Tim. Excellent waiter! Most times a family with little kids strikes fear into the hearts of servers, but not Tim. He was very patient and kind with the kids and was always there with a refill on drinks and to make sure the food was up to our standards.Excellent place, I will definitely be back to try some more of the menu. Unless they want to move their kitchen into mine. I'd be okay with that, too.
4	My boyfriend and I stopped in here for a quick bite on our way to a late night movie. At 10pm, pretty much everything near here shuts down and stops serving food, including these guys.  It was 10:02 and I must've looked sad and hungry because the bartender was incredibly friendly and checked with the kitchen staff to see if they would make me a salad... they said yes!  So I had the delicious anti-pasta and my boyfriend had a couple slices of their leftover pies.  Leftover slices are only a couple bucks each after 10pm. Oh, and added bonus: late night happy hour gets you $3 off glasses of wine.  Short story long, the food was good and the staff was friendly.  I will definitely keep this place in mind next time I'm in the area and want good food with a smile.
4	Came here for lunch the other day, prior to catching a movie over at Harkins. It was my first time at il Capo, and every time I go to Pita Jungle I think.."I need to try that place"I thought it was good, I got a calzone with meatballs, wife got a slice of the white pizza and pear/argula salad.  The calzone was HUGE, I took half home for a snack. It was loaded with cheese, melty and delicious, though there wasn't any marinara in it so I asked for a side of it, and it became perfect. I liked the sauce a lot. Service was great, attentive, and my drink was always filled, bathroom was clean..  I will def be back to try a pie. If you want pizza in this shopping area, do not even CONSIDER going to kitchen nightmare ABC - come to il Capo, much better
5	If you haven't been to Il capo recently, you need to give them a try! When they first opened the food was delicious, but the service was slow and just "okay". Now, the food is delicious and the service is excellent. The kitchen gets the food out fast and cooked perfectly too! The garlic knots never disappoint... They are loaded with garlic!! I've tried many of the pizzas and pastas and have never been disappointed. The pizza is always cooked to perfection and the handmade pastas are just incredible. Handmade pastas are so much better than any pasta you will get at another Italian place!I've had the gelato a few times as well.. Also incredible! Never had something here that I didn't enjoy. Definitely give Il Capo a try. They run a great business and really know how to cook and serve good Italian food!
5	Came here for the first time New Year's Day.... Server was super friendly and food was definitely a 10. So many places my husband and I eat the waitresses mess up our orders and it just ruins the evening but we've been here three times and our orders have been perfectly delicious every time! Also love that they deliver to our home! You will not be disappointed in this place!
