4	I have a fear of dentists. I think my whole family does after years of bad dental service in Chicago. (The Chicago hygienist was so bad that she could make my tough-guy dad cry during a cleaning. I never stood a chance.) Therefore, you can see why we were drawn to a dental office with "gentle" in their name. And they live up to it!I have the most visit-experience with the hygienist, Aimee. She always remembers me, and we can almost pick up a conversation exactly where we left off six months ago. Aimee is thorough of course - my teeth are in excellent and beautiful shape - but she cleans my teeth in such a way that my gums aren't sore for three days afterwards. To her I can answer honestly that, yes, I am flossing, but no, not as often as I should, and she just politely reminds me of how flossing would improve specific areas of my mouth; she never makes me feel embarrassed or guilty. Let me put it this way: I live in Central Phoenix and happily drive out to East Mesa every six months to go to Gentle Dental and see Aimee. When you've found a good dentist that doesn't give you anxiety for the week leading up to the appointment, you know you've got a keeper.
5	My whole family comes here, and we love it! We all see the hygienist Aimee because she is truly the best. She so nice, and she does remember everyone even though appointments are only once every six months. Aimee always explains what she observes with my teeth and gives me useful advice for how to take better care of my pearly whites. She answers all my questions and leaves notes for the doctor to review. Dr. Geronimo and Dr. Comacho are also very nice and helpful. I am no longer afriad of seeing the dentist because the staff here are so great and put me at ease.
1	Front office staff and Office Manger are very nice. I saw Dr. Goud and can say I have never met a dentist that was more indifferent and rude.  She did not smile once.  I have not seen a dentist for two years.  I have a lot of work I need to get done, but her very poor chairside manner made it clear to me that she didn't want my business.I knew going in that I would need fillings and work, but had high hopes that the dentist would put me at ease and make me feel "ok" about getting the work done.  DO NOT go here if you need anything more than a cleaning she seamed very put off, just a very unpleasant person. You do not want her anywhere near your mouth.
1	This is honestly the worst office ive ever been to.they don't greet you when you walk in the door, nor do they explain anything to you in the front.I was scheduled for an appointment an I get there an the front office lady tells me that she realized an hour before my apointment that  I need to see a doctor before I get my cleaning but was just in the week before getting work done.they need better communication with there staff an patients. I've worked in the field for many years an never had this problem with any office I've gone into until now.I would never recommend this office to anyone unless they wanted to get treated rudely. they need new front office staff!!! never going back here
5	Loved this place! Affordable, friendly, good!
