4	This store is located on Carson, right near Starbucks. The clothes are well priced. They are really on trend and classy. Its a great alternative to forever 21 and overkill stores like that. They have really cute shoes and jewelry. The store itself is set up nicely, there are three dressing rooms in the back of the store. The clothes are separated by color, so its easy to shop. The staff are really nice a. The red haired girl was really sweet and helpful.  I would defiantly recommend shopping here if you are down in south side with some free time and money.
5	This store draws in customers thanks to its eye-catching window displays and keeps them thanks to inexpensive prices. Everything in the store is color coded allowing customer to go directly to their color of choice. The store carries clothing that is both casual and dressy, and the shoes and accessories are always on trend. The merchandise is well laid out and the store never appears cluttered or overwhelming. The sales staff are helpful and friendly.
5	I love this boutique, they have the perfect blend of pricepoints. You can walk in and pick up some forever21 price/quality pieces, but they also have some nicer boutique brands that still won't break the bank. It's great for someone on a budget, but looking for something different.Plus:*Great location with lots of different fun shops and cafes around (go to Beehive and get a matte latte! Yumm!)*Very pleasant staff*Neat layout, never overwhelming*I love their belts! They also have a lot of shoesAreas for improvement:*I would really like it if they consolidated all of their shoes in one area. I don't particularly enjoy traipsing around the whole (even though it is small) store looking up, down, and all around to get a feel for their shoe collection*It would be great if they could get their ordering/shipping to a somewhat regular schedule, or at least posted it. Even though their staff is nice, I always feel like a pain asking about when their next shipment is, and sometimes the sales girls don't know. I want to be there when the pickin is ripe!Cons:They make you stick your purse in a pail outside of the dressing room. Not only is this incredibly tacky, it really makes me feel uncomfortable shopping there. I can never leisurely try on clothes (IE inevitably spend more money) because I am always worrying about whose out there potentially going through my purse. They should invest in a real security system, not something that makes their customers feel like criminals
5	Cute store!  Great place to pick up a party dress for a dinner or casual, trendy pieces for everyday.  It seems like they are always getting in new merchandise.  The sales staff is lovely.  They are always more than happy to help me.  I also appreciate the color coordinated merchandising.  I think it's the perfect size for a Carson St. boutique.
4	This place reminds me of a smaller scale Francesca's. Everything is color coded, the prices are very reasonable and super trendy and adorable.Why am I not a millionaire? It's stores like these that I wish my money was unlimited. A definite must if you're in the Southside.
4	If you're easily overwhelmed by stores like the Forever 21 and H&M located further down in the Southside Works, give Figleaf a shot!  You'll feel like someone personally sorted through all the junk at the megastores and left you with a color-coded selection of well-chosen clothing, shoes, jewelry, and accessories. The clothes are stylish and reasonably priced-- I picked up a cute maxi dress for summer for under $40!  Although the quality isn't really the best, it's great to pick up a few trendy seasonal pieces without breaking the bank.One of the only downsides with a small boutique shop like Figleaf is that they frequently run out of popular sizes in their inventory.  If you want to have your pick from the sizes, you'll have to either take your chances and stop in a few times, or harass the sales girls until they tell you when the next shipment is coming in.  Also, make sure you're aware of the return policy, which is exchanges only...no refunds!
4	I love this boutique.  I always find sometime I want. The prices are only a little higher than somewhere like Forever 21 or H&M but the quality of the clothing is so much better. There's always a great selection of cute dresses and outfits. My favorite part though is the jewelry. They always have great pieces I can't find anywhere else.
4	Very cute boutique, well merchandised and easy to find items with an inspirational flair.  I found a very cute and comfy LBD and I only wish it were in more colors! I don't like the paper bag vs. a shopping bag but I appreciate not having shopgirls breathing down my neck while I shop so overall- very nice ;)
5	Amazing boutique with unique pieces. Everything was arrange in colored sections (which I loved) and there was just the right amount of merchandise to peak your interests.I walked in with high expectations and left with the same. Bought some cute dresses, jeans and tops! All so affordable.I was in town for a business trip, but if I'm ever back in town, I'm going straight here!!
5	I adore this store. I just bought the cutest dress at Figleaf last weekend. The people that work here are very friendly, and the dresses are beautiful. You can absolutely find a great dress here for under $50 bucks. I love how it's organized by color, too, because I'm not a big shopper.
4	This place opened while I was in college, perhaps my junior or senior year (approx 2007-2008 ish). I never shopped here for the longest time, cause from the outside-looking-in, it looks like an expensive boutique with high-priced clothes. After stopping in for the first time, though, I was obsessed! Clothes were definitely affordable for college girls. Granted, I'm not in college anymore, and haven't shopped here in a really long time, but I enjoyed it while I lived here.
