2	The wings were overly dry.  I don't understand how they can screw that up when there was a table of 3 done eating.  No one waiting for food when I walked in, and 1 carry out order called ahead.  Students were gone so it's not like the campus was buzzing.  The original hot wings are Tabasco flavored which is weak, UN-inspiring, and unoriginal.  The cajun wings had the cajun unevenly sprinkled on.  The fries had a very odd sweet taste to it.  I couldn't place it at the time, although it seemed familiar.  The only thing worthy of note was a large helping of bleu cheese came with the wings.
1	Uninspired, dull, bland chicken. The "atomic" sauce wasn't hot at all. Then my bowels thanked me by bleeding for the next 2 days.The sauces generally taste of chemicals; the wings are overpriced, and the "boneless wings" aren't wings at all, but merely bits of chicken breast, breaded and deep fried.Also, I saw "Alice R." on a plaque on the wall with a license of some sort in it, meaning that an employee of this company is posting a review of their own company, and is dumb enough to use their own name. Wow.
1	After eating at Buffalo Wild Wings nearly a hundred times, I am a little tired of their wings. I found this place in Madison and decided to give it a try. It turned out to be an awful decision. The wings are pretty expensive. $6.99 for 10 regular wings. It would be okay if they were normal size wings. Unfortunately they are not. The wings I had were tiny. I was still hungry after eating ten regular wings. Seriously, where do they buy such small wings in America? The chicken must be starved to death to have those skinny wings and legs. I would rather go back to Buffalo Wild Wings. I don't think such an unimpressive restaurant can last long in Madison. Don't waste your time and money there.
5	This place was fantastic! Stopped in after a quick walk up and down Regent St. trying to decide where to eat, and this place looked like it would be affordable and fast. Definitely right! I had ten boneless garlic parmesan wings, and they managed to get the crispy outside to juicy meat ratio down to perfection. It was really garlic and parmesan, unlike places like BWW where Garlic Parmesan is a sauce type. This is genuine, smothered in parmesan cheese and garlic deliciousness. I don't know how good this would be in traditional wing form, and I don't really plan to find out. I've already found a five-star dish there and I intend to return the next time I am craving some crunchy, garlicky, parmesany, greasy, juicy chicken.Also, they have one of those "for real it's any way you want it" drink machines that are amazing.
1	Wings...AverageService.....NotOrdered online emailed ready in 24 minutes arrived about 20 minutes later. When I arrived there was a rather long line. I looked for the online/phone pick up window and there was none. So I waited in the line. 2 cashiers were working the line. of course when I get up to the line one cashier goes back to the cooks to chat and I kid you not the other answers the phone for a phone order. So of the 2 cashiers one is working the other is visiting in the back and the customers wait. I would have left but I had to prepay since I ordered online. Almost left anyhow. Then when the cashier got off hte phone she took care of my order and I still had to wait 15 minutes. EVERYONE in line before me got served BEFORE my online order was finished. Wings are average but service is not worth it.
3	Not bad, but not great either.  On the rare occasions that I get Wing Stop, it's because it's closer to me than Buffalo Wild Wings, but honestly, the latter is much better.  I've only ever had the boneless teriyaki wings at Wing Stop, so I can't comment on their hotter sauces or bone-in wings.  My main problem is that there's always WAY too much sauce.  Yeahhh, I know, wings aren't the healthiest choice on their own, but my poor little chickens always come DROWNING in teriyaki sauce!  Every time I have them, I have to literally mop up the extra sauce with a paper towel.  Beyond all that, the fries are okay, but they have this sort of weird, sweet taste that I'm not sure if I like.  Overall? I'd go with B-Dubs instead.
3	Descriptive phrase: fast-food chicken wings.Same quality chicken wings as Buffalo Wild Wings (better fries even), for less. Limited seating but they're open late. They even have bottled and tap beer. Perfect place for the college crowd. You'll hate yourself later, but boy do they taste good going down.
3	Sauces we had on our wings were good the only compliant I have is the wings them self are small compared to the rest of the wing you find in Madison.
2	My first time here tonight. Service was good, the guy let me try some sauces and was helpful. The wings were ok, nothing to go out of the way for. They give you a lot of fries  but the food was cheap and they don't put much sauce on. It's on a college campus and it's surprisingly clean.
1	1) Small wings without very much meat2) High prices (shockingly high when considering the size of the wings)3) Bad service.  Marcus, an employee, refused to give me a cup of water when my mouth was burning from the wings.  I could purchase a bottle of water or a cup of soda.  What about putting tap water in a soda cup?  I'm dying here!  Nope, that's going to be $2.10.  I'll be going to Wings Over Madison next time I'm feeling like I want a chicken wings.
5	I've never had one bad experience here. The wings are made to order and take 15 minutes. I like extra crispy classic wings (bone-in) so mine take like an extra minute. I used to order half original hot wings and half hickory smoked BBQ, but now they have a new flavor "mango habernero" which is the best of both worlds! That flavor with their homemade ranch sauce is heaven. Too bad they don't deliver otherwise I would order them every other day ;)
5	There doesn't exist a better boneless wing than at Wingstop IMO. BWW, a well known place to have wings doesn't hold a candle to this place. Everything is always made to order. They only do wings and they do them well. I love the garlic parmesan boneless wings, as well as many others. They have a small selection of beers to choose from. Their fries are pretty different from normal places. They have a garlic, slightly spicy, salty and sugar sweet mixture. I've tried to make it at home and I just can't quite get it right. 10/10.  Compared to places like Wings over Madison (not a fan at all) and BWW I would always choose this place. Although, the service could absolutely be a bit friendlier.
5	They have the best boneless wings around town, lots of sauce, juicy chicken, and great dipping sauces!!! You also cannot go wrong with their fries and dipping them in hot cheese is to die for!!!! Finally, if you are thirsty they have the Coca-Cola Freestyle Machine so you can make and drink you want!!! I highly recommend this place!!!
5	Word of warning, don't use the iPhone app!!! I ordered on there, waited until the pickup time and when I got there they said they had never received the order. The workers were very apologetic about it however, made my order pretty quickly and even threw in some extra wings for the trouble, so I have nothing to complain about there, just now know not to use the app. As for the food, I enjoyed their boneless wings better than both Wings Over Madison and BWW. They were nicely breaded and they had a great variety of sauces. The seasoning on the fries was also surprisingly delicious, it had some hints of sweetness along with cajun spices. Highly recommend this place
3	A bit overpriced for the quality...The sauces I tried were flavorful but nothing I can't get at Bdubs for about the same price. The boneless wings were a bit too crunchy for my tastes on the outside and chewy on the inside. Bdubs patrons will find that the boneless wings are nearly identical in texture. Overall the meal was satisfying, but it felt overpriced by about $1.50. The staff was friendly if a bit disorganized.
3	The boneless wings were good! I really like the mango habanero sauce. The traditional wings were really fatty and the skin didn't have any crispyness to it.  Fast delivery through eat street (only way to get delivery is through the eat street website I believe)
1	My friend FTE (Fun Time Emma) ordered some wings.....Y'all said they came with fries ....they didn't. Never Wingstop after this disastrous night.
