1	Baja Fresh, more like Baja garbage disposal and swept up floor stuff wrapped in a tortilla!Baja Fresh's name is only appropriate if its opposite day.They even put hydrogenated oils in the kids meals and the guacamole.I wrote them an email telling them how wrong that is. They wrote me a semi defensive/aggrasive email back saying it gives a consistensy customers want.Nice try to make it seem like people want it.If they were aware of what it does to your body they wouldnt care about the stupid benefit of consistency.I hate you Baja Garbage
2	Baja Fresh is going down hill.  The burrito size is shrinking, and the price  is growing!  WTF!  Did they think I wouldn't notice?  I still like their burritos, I just don't think it's worth it now.  I can get a much more filling burrito from my friends at Chipotle for less $.  Oh and I normally like mango salsa but this time theirs tasted like dookie.
2	I agree with the last reviewer, this Baja is going downhill. Baja was always  like the more beautiful, delicious cousin of Rubio's (if you consider your cousin delicious). I received my quesadilla and while it usually has a few types of cheeses in it, this one had some rubbery cheese in it with very little cheese in it, like they were cutting back or something. The queso fundido tasted fake, like a plastic doll accidentally dripped overhead into it or something. Ehh, I don't think so...
1	We went at 5:00 on a Sunday and we were the only ones in there.  It took at least 5 min to get chips.  DIRTIEST bathroom at any Baja I have ever seen!  A woman came in BAREFOOT and they served her.  Their highchairs are covered in old food.  The black and white checked floor was black and brown... filthy.  Will go to a different Baja location from now on.  Unacceptable.
5	This is my favorite Baja fresh in the area. They even delivered our food to our table.
1	What happened Baja Fresh??  There was a time where I couldn't fully distinguish between Rubio's and Baja Fresh other than the green salsa they had.  I liked both equally well.  I grabbed a quick lunch from Baja fresh a few days ago.. and was immediately shocked as I came in.They covered up all the calorie numbers on the menu, suspect. Also, the mahi fish tacos were now called "wahoo" fish tacos.  I usually ordered two crispy fish tacos, so I did the same.The dread I felt when I saw them.  The fish used to be the size of something you would get at a pub when you ordered fish and chips.  It's now the size of a fish stick.Yes.. a fish stick!!!  Looks like a fish stick, tastes like a fish stick.. It was ridiculous.  I'm now a Rubio's guy for life now when looking for some quick fish tacos.
1	This location is pretty bad.  Be warned if you go in at an off hour they will just let you stand there and never take your order.  I have been here twice and seen none behind the counter at all.  Not sure where they go. They tend to always put way too many raw onions in the burritos.  If you have to eat here tell them to hold the onions.Maybe the other locations are better.
3	Food is delicious, but agree with other reviewers. You don't get much for what you pay. Way too pricey!
1	Not like it! Terrible services Expensive and they charge me for chips n salsa even when they said is free
