4	I've been to Atma quite a few times and can definitely say the restaurant is a jewel.First off, it's vertically spacious which reduces the heat and noise levels. Its decor is simple and very discreet, so you can actually focus on your party and your food.The menu caters to all tastes, though I believe the vegetarian part relies too much on dishes with a mushed consistence. I have always had excellent experiences with Atma and will be returning as often as I can.Why not 5 stars?1)  When they are busy, the service and food can be pretty slow. It's obvious, but when the delay becomes noticeable to a reasonable guy it's a bit too long. 2) Our party of 4 once ordered several Madras dishes and they were nowhere close to the spiciness of a Madras. The same dish on other occasions was, instead, enough to make a pepperhead like me sweat. I would give it 4.5 stars if I could. For the time being the 5th star is in the works.
5	Excellent Indian food, and very helpful and pleasant staff.  Don't miss the butter chicken.  Can't wait to go back!
4	This restaurant is family owned and the cooking is definitely home cooking.  Beautifully decorated (which is quite unique in Indian restaurants), with rounded white walls, archways and great lighting.  The bar is quite cozy and spacious, but you can also reserve these great separate rooms with cushions and sheers, the second floor is where you will find a great big area which can accommodate up to 10 people at a time, others are for 2-6, you must remove your shoes to access the second floor seating.  The food is really tasty and can accommodate newbies as well as experienced Indian foodies, the mulligatawny is the best we ever had
4	This is not your typical Indian restaurant. Gone are the red velvet chairs, the bright lights, and the tacky decorations all over the walls that so many of us have come to expect. Atma is the trendiest Indian restaurant I have ever been to. I love the decor. The service is proper. And the food has always been divine.They have a fantastic upper section that can easily accommodate large groups.Atma is an experience. Go!
5	Who knew Indian dining can be sexy?!  One of my favorite Indian restaurants ever. Truly authentic (I've been to India twice). Food is bomb, decor is rad and super trendy. Indian acid jazz beats set the mood. It's a great place for a date as the music is low and lighting is dimmed accented by candles. Also a nice place for groups as they have a nice little private room at the back that sits about 6 people.  Bathrooms are tiny but cool Indian grafitti on the walls make up for it. Id go here every night of the week. Word!
4	Atma is what happens when Indian cuisine and SoBe decor collide - very trendy but not over-the-top. Whoever put this place together deserves a pat on the back. It's cozy but has an exotic flair to it. Shaped like a shotgun, there's a mezzanine at the end. Candles dot the tables and the India-specific decorations are kept to a minimum in an effort to keep the place as relaxed as possible.  An excellent date place, by the way. The service is typically good, and the food is more or less all done right. All the usual staples are there, and there are no weak spots on the menu. The cooks are very competent. Prices are average - whatever a typical Indian restaurant is plus a 30% premium for the decor and ambience, which is probably worth it. A solid 4-stars.
5	This place is a gem that is hidden in the busy St-Laurent Blvd .A rare combination of great authentic Indian food with fancy ambiance .
5	Cannot get over this place. I would love to stop thinking of this place, but I honestly just can't. The food was so delicious and our waiter was so hilarious and attentive.It's got an amazing design to it, and manages to feel traditional, indian, but sexy and sophisticated all at the same time.It's got a nice bar at the entrance, and more intimate seating in the back.Our meals were both super delicious and I can't wait to go back. Already recommended it to a friend and she fell in love with it too!
4	I went to this place for my boyfriend's birthday. The decor is very elegant, and the food is even better! It's not too pricey for its quality. The service was nice. I recommend the Onion Bahjee for entree!
4	Great food, and the place looks great inside.  Reasonably priced.They also have a private booth (cool) and mezzanine level for larger groups.Staff is great too.Highly recommend !
3	The food was very good, the service was quick. I could barely read the menu the lighting was so low or see the food I was eating. The decor was very impressive. We almost walked out upon arrival because the host was giving us a hard time about not making a reservation for 3 on a Sunday night, the place was empty. Also we ordered a salad that never came, I meant to check the bill but forgot. All in all, great food but not so friendly.
4	Solid indian food.  I'm a weekly consumer of Indian in NYC, and my fiance is of Indian descent - we both thought it was good.  Vindaloo had great heat to it when we asked for it extra spicy, malai kofta balls were very well done with plenty of gravy.  Service was nice and prompt.  It was so dark that it was hard to read the menu, but in general pleasant ambiance.
5	I knew I was going to love this place when I saw the dome -shaped doorway. This restaurant is sexy, and my wife was there which makes it extra sexy (Give me my brownie points). My wife and I went here for our 5th year anniversary and we absolutely loved this place. I say it's sexy, because thats the best way I can describe the ambiance. The lighting was nicely dim, the background music was smooth indian music, the beautiful ceiling drapings in the bar area and the covered candle made this place very romantic. It was the perfect place for our anniversary.The service was great. The waiter was very attentive. He answered all our questions and even gave us suggestions on what to order. He was very friendly, and he made sure that we were taken care of. Now lets talk about the most important part of going to any restaurant, the food.  When I first got there, I remember seeing someone else order something that was sizzling that got me super excited, so we decided to order the same. So for our appetizer we had the "Lamb Sheek Kebab ($10)" and Naan Bread ($4). The Sheek kebab was DIVINE. The spices were perfect. It also came with sizzling veggies with FRESH  coriander.  The Naan bread was really good too.  For the entree, My wife ordered the "Bhoona" ($14), which is Curry lamb with fresh onions, tomatoes, garlic, and ginger simmered thick sauce. I ordered the "Lamb Korma" ($16) which is boneless leg of lamb marinated and cooked in a cream sauce with nuts, exotice spices and garlic. Both entrees were amazing. The Lamb Korma was my favorite. It was just bursting with flavor. The lamb was perfect and the portion sizes were generous.I can go on and on about how good this place is. I'm very happy we decided to go here for our 5 year anniversary.  The food is great and the prices are reasonable.  Please keep this place open and check this place out. Your tummy will thank me later!
2	Our food was decent but the service was horrible. Our server was rude, hurried our meal, and gave us a dish we had canceled (and subsequently also charged us for his mistake). We enjoyed our food and had a mediocre bottle of wine, but did not like eating in the pitch black; we probably wouldn't go back based on the poor lighting and poor service.
3	I wanted to really like this place.  The food was good and I would go back for it.  The atmosphere was dark.  A little too dark; we couldnt read the menus.  We were brough minature flashlights to help us out.  Appart from that the decor was quite nice compared to other indian restaurants I have been to.   I would recommend the naan bread; some of the best I have ever had.
