1	I didn't care for this post office. The parking lot has a difficult exit back on to Ballantyne Commons and there is no drive thru drop. Do I really have to get out of my car to drop this letter into the box? Apparently so.
2	Ok, it IS a total pain regarding ingress & egress.  But the location is good.  The staff is nice and well, yes, again, it's a nightmare to park.  I'm giving it two stars because I feel for the staff.  Location, convenience and/or lack thereof deserve -5*****.  Gracious, they could have done it any way they wanted.  Stonecrest and Elm was a clean slate.   It never ceases to amaze me how people whom design things can be SO TERRIBLE at their job(s).  Wins Charlotte-Metro ball peen hammer award, as in, "I'd like to whack the architect / designer about the head with a ball peen hammer."  It's a major facility.  No excuses accepted.  They HAD to have known better.  Again the staff is VERY nice and professional.  Something could be done to allow drop-off or a better flow; but, that'll NEVER happen.  They have a LOT of space around back.
3	I have to rate this location 1 star on the whole parking situtation as well as the ease of getting in & out of the parking lot.   As Bill noted, whoever designed the layout and flow here was a total moron. The location gets 5 stars - it is convienent to my work and home. I would give the service here about 3.5 stars, because the employees are normally pretty helpful here.  And if you go at 10 minutes 'til closing time when there is a big line, sometimes the employees are down-right entertaining! There is almost always a line when I go here - so if you are planning a visit, just plan on having a wait if you need full service.
3	I've actually been to this location several times. I'm a fan of this location for two reasons it's very close to my job and there's a 24 hour self service center inside.Yes, the parking is a bit tight and unusual but once you find your way around the parking lot and a parking space, the staff are always pleasant and even though it's usually pretty busy it never takes me a long time to mail off my packages. I'm okay this location and I will keep coming back.
4	Quite posh for a post office
1	Worst post office ever. They never deliver my mail to my home or work. Always picking up something. Saturday afternoon at 1pm. First time ever no line.
1	Inept rude employees. Unwilling to do their job and help if it causes them any sort of inconvenience. This is why congress will inevitably shut them down. You're much better off using UPS for shipping. Don't give yourself an unnecessary headache.
