4	This museum, along with the arts, are a must-see in Montreal. Although I wished there were more interactive elements, rather than plaques to read I thought it was overall very good. It's a museum primarily located underground with layer upon layer of history - literally. A lot of stoen ruins dating way back. This museum helped me understand as a tourist Montreal's history and importance.
5	Um, I'm really surprised that I'm the first to review this museum on Yelp...On my recent visit to Montreal, this place was suggested by both Frommer's and DK Eyewitness Top 10 guides.  It doesn't disappoint.  Situated across two buildings and their underground connection, it's a museum dedicated to the history of Montreal.  As such, it's situated *on top of* the excavations of the first settlement on Montreal (Ville Marie).  Their main exhibit is the excavation of the ruins in the basement, but the museum does feature special exhibits on the upper floors of both buildings  (when I visited, there was a pirate and privateer exhibit and an exhibition on local love stories).  There is a 30 minute film on the beginnings of Montreal that is tempting to miss but I don't recommend skipping it.  It really gives a great overview of the beginnings of Montreal and gives a good basis for understanding the excavations below.  Plus it's very artfully done, so it's worth it for the entertainment value if nothing else. The exhibits are self-guided walking tours in French and English. The walking length is probably two city blocks or more, but there are wheelchairs available if needed.  All exhibits are wheelchair accessible.  Also don't miss the belvedere on the top of the Eperon Building (the one with the cafe).  It gives a great view of old Montreal and the waterfront across the St. Lawrence, and there are plaques and brass viewfinders that point out and detail important buildings in the landscape.  If you are conscientious about looking at everything, you could spend upwards of 3-4 hours here, but the suggested time to tour is 90 minutes.The museum is located close to the waterfront in Old Montreal and is closest to the Place d'Armes Metro stop, but it's a hike from the Metro, so I would recommend taking a taxi if it's raining or you have issues with walking.  The price was $14 for a single adult admission, but it slides downward for students, seniors and kids. For everything the museum offers, this is very reasonable.  For all the history museums I've been to, this is probably the most well presented, well done, and well supported.  A must for anyone visiting the area whether you have a half-day or a week.
3	A friend who was in Montreal last summer recommended that I come here on my recent trip. Since I love history, I made this one of my first destinations.As Lindsey J. wrote, it is a really remarkable museum. I particularly enjoyed watching the 30-minute presentation about the history of Montreal's founding. The highlight, though, was seeing the actual ruins, over which the Pointe-A-Calliere is built.Definitely worth a stop and a few hours of your time.
4	History of Montreal, from its beginning (French settlement) to the 20th century.  Visiting the archeology site in the basement is unique, but without the tour (included in price) and the context it provides, it is not very interesting.  The movie about the city is also worthwhile.  Tours and movie are provided in both French and English.
5	Having spent many wonderful weekends in Montreal, I am sad that we never discovered this museum before last weekend.  We have been two blocks from here at the science museum three or four times, and never even knew this one existed.  We would have missed it this last trip as well if it were not for staying overnight for a change and having it recommended by the concierge at our hotel.The movie at the outset was awesome-very well done; more of a multimedia experience than a movie.  They use multiple projects on multiple screens to show the story of Montreal and how it was developed from the time of the Hochelaga Indians to present day.The ruins were great-it was my first time ever at an archeological site.  I really enjoyed seeing the progression of the sewer system, including the section that is here to walk in to.  I am sure it has nothing on Paris, but to see the way people dealt with these issues over a hundred years ago is pretty cool.We were with three children-age 5, 7 and 9 and they all had a great time.  There is a lookout that they enjoyed, but you had to stay indoors because it was winter.  A summer day out on the lookout terrace would have been very nice.  This is a true Gem and a one of a kind museum.  I have never been anywhere like it before.
5	Easily the coolest museum we went to on our trip.  This is where the city originally was when it was founded in 1642.  After you watch a multimedia presentation (in both French and English) about the history of Montreal and its settlers you start downstairs where you can explore it.  The ruins of the old town are basically the basement level of this museum.  You will learn about the progress of town through architecture, trade and industry.  It was really neat to see all of the old ruins and artifacts.  It was very well designed and impressively high tech and interactive.  The underground shows the origins of the sewers and walkways and leads you to the the site which used to be the old customs house and square.  I'm usually more for art museums, but this one is not to be missed.  Nearly four centuries of history for you here.  They also had an exhibit on Easter island which was really cool.  Also be sure to go all the way to the lookout up top for great views of Old Montreal.
5	This is my favorite museum in Montreal, and one of my top favorite museums of all time.  The multimedia presentation is a tiny bit dated, but the tour guide was outstanding.  After the presentation, you are guided around the actual foundations of the old city, where video is projected onto the walls to show you what the buildings were used for.  It's a FANTASTIC technique, and gives something for tourists with any level of understanding of Quebec history something to talk about.Ask about the combined ticket with the spa down the street!
5	I really enjoyed this "Birthplace of Montreal" museum.It's built on the area where Montreal started as a trading post.  The museum gives you a cheesy movie of Montreal's history, ok movie just cheesy.  You then get to walk through the archaeological site underneath the museum.  It's very interesting looking at the artifacts of First Nation tribes, Montreal settlers and traders.  Walking in a real site is also an experience.  Seeing the walls, floors, plumbing, everything is just intense.There is also an exhibit on Rue St. Catherine.  It shows how Montreal became a capital of culture.
4	excellent, well-assembled, inexpensive museum about the social, political, and cultural history of Montreal, with a splash of the more general history of Quebec and Canada thrown in as well. you watch a video that's approximately 15-20 minutes about Montreal's history. then you progress on your tour through the building.it's literally built on top of ruins of the first structures in this city, which is pretty damn epic. the first floor is a tour through those ruins.the layout can be a bit confusing at times, as some sections kind of branch out and loop back, but you won't get lost.exhibits are all in French and English, so don't worry if your French is as limited as mine is.there are a few interactive exhibits but for the most part exhibits are static and kept away from prying hands.it's pretty spacious - there were lots of people on a Wednesday late morning, but we were still able to move around freely. you can spend a good 2 hours and learn a lot about Montreal's history here.
5	Amazing museum for visitors to Montreal. Great technology, artifacts and information of course. I really learned a lot and had a ton of fun. Be sure to watch the video presentation in the theater.
4	My favorite thing about this museum is the overview it gives guests of Montreal. The film (though a bit cheese-ball) is engaging. It's on a huge, Imax-like screen and includes projections on the archeological ruins below. The narration covers history of Montreal since its settlement to present day, offering a helpful timeline for first-time visitors.The archeological exhibit is fascinating. It also includes film projections and interactive recordings of historical figures. I like that if you "talk" with these characters for too long, they will start to ignore you. it's hilarious. My mom appreciated the elevator access to each floor. But there is no place to casually grab a coffee/snack. We got breakfast at Olive et Gourmando beforehand, which is just a few blocks away.
5	Awesome!  Know nothing about the history of Montreal?  This is a great hands on museum perched above the archaeological dig site of the original fort and the first cemetery. Don't miss the very well done multimedia presentation at the beginning of the tour.
4	I've been to Pointe-A-Calliere twice now.  The first time was with Abigail M., and the second was with my parents.  My hands-down favorite part is the multimedia experience or whatever they call it.  It is totally ridiculous and fabulously informative.  There are parts that are baldly racist (like the bit about the Chinaman with the laundry on the corner) and others that are blatantly sterilized (the Natives might not be happy about these new folks moving in), but I feel that they add to the charm of the whole thing.  The tech parts are impressive, and the experience delivers a ton of information in a very short period of time.The rest of the museum is also interesting.  I would not recommend taking one of the free tours that are offered, though.  Maybe we just got unlucky, but I think that the tour might have been the most painful 60 minutes of my life.  Mr. Tour Guide had a peculiar fascination with toilets and chamberpots and told some of the worst jokes that I have ever heard (and since I have to listen to my own jokes, this is saying something).  The only thing that he told us that I found worthwhile was that, in the little 5-part diorama thingy that shows how Montreal changes, they rather hilariously indicated which of the miniature people were English by giving them little umbrellas.I would recommend just wandering instead.  The museum is very interactive and has a lot of multimedia.  It also has some great stuff for kids.  Honestly, though, part of the reason that I enjoyed this place like I did is that most of it is just plain odd.  The final exhibit (love stories in Montreal or something like that) is the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen in a museum; I think that the curator of that portion was probably stoned when (s)he came up with the idea.  The hologram people who tell you about living in Montreal back in the day are absurd.  A fair number of the representations of or information given about Natives is probably slightly racist and/or insulting.  But the museum delivers an enormous amount of information about the city's multicultural background.  And (at the risk of sounding too much like a grad student) I would imagine that the multimedia approach supports and subscribes to the obvious effort that the museum is making to show Montreal's mixed/diverse background.  I will probably continue bringing visitors to this museum and possibly will even return without them.Oh, I should add that they are apparently working on expanding the underground portion of the museum to include more of the sewer and other remains.  I don't remember when Mr. Tour Guide said that would pan out, but I imagine that it will take quite a while.
5	This turned out to be much more than I expected.  The cinema presentation was great at presenting a lot of Montreal history in a short period of time.  Then you go downstairs and tour the ruins from the old city.  There is a lot on display and you will easily spend several hours looking at it all.  When I visited, the price of admission also included admission to the Etruscan art exhibit across the street.
4	Informative museum about the history of the city of Montreal.Check out the underground tour after the small 3d presentation video
4	This is a pretty cool museum and it has a ton of information housed inside of it. The museum is built over an active archeology site and you can learn a lot about Montreal's history by walking through the ruins located underneath the museum. Admission is reasonable and the whole museum will take roughly 1.5-3 hours to tour completely (depending on how much you read and how long you spend looking at things). We were there in mid-May of this year and they also had a really neat exhibit about tea that was definitely worth checking out. Overall, it's a neat museum and one I would definitely recommend!
1	You should take ear plugs. The sound system in the theatre is absurdly  loud.  It is torture. I mean it is really, really loud. The museum is interesting mainly because of the setting in an archaeological site. The exhibits are  okay. Worth the price? Probably not.
2	I was given some free tickets a few months back to visit this museum and decided to finally visit with a friend, we left none too impressed.My major complaints is that directions are none too clear and unless you have a guide you might find yourself doubling back several times. Far too many expositions were under construction and many of them were defective.I wish I didn't procrastinate a few months and visited the samurai exposition but had to settle with the Beatles exposition, which I'm not a fan of. However, I'm sure there are plenty of fans of that group and they would be ecstatic to be 1 foot away from the belt that Ringo Star was wearing while he passed by Montreal.
4	"You're going to an archaeology museum?"This was the question I was asked by my significant other when she learned I would be visiting Pointe-a-Calliere during my trip to Montreal.Having done my research on the attractions I wanted to visit during my trip to Montreal, I decided that Pointe-a-Calliere looked interesting enough to add to my itinerary.The Museum gives visitors a great chance to explore the history and evolution of the City of Montreal. Built over the remains of Montreal's original buildings, Pointe-a-Calliere gives visitors a lot of information in a very short amount of time.Starting in the main building, there's a 20 minute video in a huge auditorium that gives a fun overview of the history of Montreal. There's headphones to listen to the narration, which is offered in over ten languages. Some reviewers have claimed the video seems like it was made by the Office of Tourism, and that's very accurate. It's almost sales-pitchy.After the video, head downstairs to the ruins of Old Montreal. The stone foundations of the city's original buildings are in the basement, and lining the walls are artifacts uncovered at the site. As an FYI, it's pretty confusing to get to where you should start your exploration of the site. The museum could do with better signage and maybe some more staff.An underground tunnel leads across the street to the museum's second building. While I visited, the special exhibit theme was all about the Beatles in Montreal. A cool exhibition with lots of memorabilia, but I'd have enjoyed it more if I was a Beatles fan. That said, lots of older folks were rocking out to the videos and audio recordings being played.If you're a history nerd like I am, you'll enjoy this museum. If you're a casual museum-goer or tourist, this may not be for you. Having said that, if you've got time in your itinerary, definitely check out Pointe-a-Calliere. It'll help you understand how Montreal came to be the city that it is today.
5	An unexpected treat. We wandered into this museum, as it is in a walkable part of town we had spent the afternoon in. Upon arrival, and even the first few minutes I was lackluster about making my way through the descriptions of the ruins housed here. Enter Felix, the amazing tour-guide. One of the most animated and refreshing tour guides we've experienced in a long time. Great presentation, details and question answering including history and science. The cherry on top was the Beatles exhibit, particularly the video of the live rooftoop concert.
5	This is such an incredible museum - seeing the history of one specific area in what is now Montreal from pre-European contact to the present, one can learn about the building blocks that make the current city.  With a combination of original pieces and video, this is a great way to learn about the long and unique history of Montreal.
4	Museum's for me tend to be something a tourist visits when discovering a new city.  We had a work function here and it was quite delightful to visit this neat little museum tucked into the corner right adjacent to Old Montreal.  We started off the day with a light breakfast in the upstairs cafeteria which consisted of eggs, fruit and some french toast.  After you could go out on their balcony and get some views of the old port.  On our day there was a cruise ship within eye's view!    They have done an admirable job in keeping some of the history and original rock and brick of the past.  Artifacts behind glass are nice to gaze at to think of how time was many hundreds of years ago!  Next was a Pirate ship and tour and explanation for the kids which was done in interesting and curious fashion.   Finishing off the trip was a visit to their 2-D theatre in which you get an 18 minute history lesson of Montreal (available in French, English and Spanish)!  It's a nice finishing touch to make you leaving with a positive impression of Montreal.  I'd recommend this as a tourist attraction but some may be disappointed as it's a small museum.  I'd recommend not coming in here with huge expectations and you may be surprised or disappointed depending on your mood and temperament!
5	This is by far the best museum in Montreal. We loved the interactive and historical atmosphere. The use of technology was very well done and the archeological sites were well preserved and displayed. We can't wait to come back to Montreal and see the expansion.
1	This is an awful, awful, museum. The narrative presented is simplistic and racist. For example, much of the material on the early settlement of Montreal is presented in a very straightforward way as friendly settlers being supported, on the one side, by their Native allies (fitting the 'noble savage' trope), and attacked fiercely and without reason by the Iriquois (with no mention of why the Iriquois might have been opposed to European settlement, or of belligerence from the side of the colonisers). The exhibition on Marco Polo presented him as a hero without critiquing imperial and racist aspects of his narrative. While there were some fascinating artefacts presented, they often lacked context, and where context was given texts were often bizarre and factually incorrect (for example, the claim that "all nomads worship The Sky"). There's also little in the way of women's stories, and one of the few women you learn about through an interactive exhibit is a historical character who only seems to want to talk to visitors about her husband and son.
4	A terrific introduction to Montreal. Bonus points for the amazing Marco Polo exhibit (nothing to do with MTL, as far as I could tell, but fascinating on its own).The main entrance is in the building with the tower (this is not obvious from the street). You can get a historical overview from the video presentation "Yours truly, Montreal" (shown every 30 minutes), but it's pretty hokey unless you're a child or easily impressed. There was also a temporary exhibit about the history of the diverse neighborhood called the Plateau.The museum is built over the foundations of much older buildings (thus the "Archeology" in the name), and uses those ruins to good effect. The first underground gallery is about the history of the city, which leads into an exhibit containing the remnants of the 17th-century sewer system. If you like geeky things, this is absolute heaven. Even if you don't like geeky things, it's still pretty cool, and the wall-mounted information is clear and very informative. There are further ruins to explore, with accompanying videos.A kids' exhibit (essentially a giant ship) looked amazing, offering places to play (and, possibly, learn something).  The Marco Polo exhibit winds up in the modern building across the street from the entrance. The design of this museum is very clever and lets you explore and imagine what life was like here hundreds of years ago. It's a bit expensive, but if you like to learn new things while on vacation, this is money and time well spent.
4	AAA membership makes adult ticket price $16 (instead of the $20)! Staff is very friendly and they have guided tours regularly. It's very unique that the museum was built above the archaeological site and everything is well preserved.. The guide for the English tour really knew her stuff and you could tell she loves Montreal. There was also a visiting Marco Polo exhibit as well. Overall, this museum is well worth a visit (especially if you are looking to escape the rain =P)!
