3	Dragon Palace is your stereotypical, neighborhood Chinese restaurant. It's back in the corner of a shady looking strip mall, which doesn't exactly draw you in. The restaurant itself is decorated with rather gaudy, gold and red decorations, complete with red paper lanterns.  Although I don't come here for the atmosphere, I wish one of these days they'd put a sound system in and play some background music. Despite the less-than-elegant decor, this restaurant has a certain charm to it.I've been coming here with my family for about 20 years and it's still my restaurant of choice for Chinese food. The egg rolls and crab puffs are pretty tasty, but my favorite appetizer is the egg drop soup. It's thick, flavorful and I have yet to find a rival anywhere. Great dishes include the Mongolian beef, cashew chicken and house special chicken. Americans everywhere have their favorite, must order Chinese food dish and I'm willing to bet you'll find a pleasant version of it at Dragon Palace. The best time to go is at lunch! It's quick and cheap. Their lunches, which come with a generous helping of your choice of dish (say kung pao chicken), rice, egg roll, 2 wontons and either egg drop or wonton soup are less than $6, most around $5. If you're REALLY on a budget, order a bowl of egg drop soup for only $1. The only thing you can't get at lunch time is their after-dinner, Banana Caramel Delights! They drop one off for each person with the check.This isn't the actual name for them, but as they are complimentary and not on the menu, I'm not sure what they are called. They are basically banana filled crispy wonton wrappers that are then coated in a crunchy, sugary, caramel coating. If you like bananas and sweet things, you'll love these! If you're craving Chinese food, stop and eat here or pick up a to-go order and eat it in whatever environment you choose!
5	I LOVE Dragon Palace. I have been going here for about 16 years.  It is your average looking neighborhood, family owned chinese restaurant. They have crazy lanterns and blue walls inside.  The staff is always very friendly and helpful.  They will make recomendations and help you out with ordering.  Lunch is awesome...you can order from a list of about 15 dishes and it comes with rice, wantons, and an eggroll all for about 9 bucks.  Dinner is great too...portions are large and perfect for sharing.  I would definetly recommend this place.
4	After seeing Amy P's review of this place I had to give my own. If you have read my other reviews it is plain to see I think I know what I am talking about when it comes to food. So, being a true NYer and a good Jew I love Chinese food. It's Kosher, right? Anyway, I have had my fair share of it and Dragon Palace stands up to almost all of it, save Chinese food in Seattle. It is located in the corner of a strip mall, which Megan M pointed out is a little shady. Couldn't be more spot on. There is a bar in the opposite corner and run-down looking car wash close by. Putting that aside it is your stereotypical Chinese restaurant. It smells great when you walk in and there are a couple of cheap candy and toy machines right when you walk in. You are always greeted by the owner, who speaks passable and sometimes unintelligible English. Most of the time I am picking up food to go, but when I have eaten here the service has been very quick and attentive. It is good for big groups too.No matter what you like in the way of Chinese food you will find it here. Everything I have eaten has been very good. The soups, appetizers, and main dishes are all consistent each time I order them, which is what I look for in a good eatery.   My favorites include the egg rolls, wonton soup, mo shu pork, house special chicken, mongolian beef, and lemon chicken.The only thing that bugs me about this place, is what gets my Dad riled up every time we order from them. So after getting food from here for about 10 years my Dad started to notice that the bill was always ending in .0, .05, or .10 increments. So, this one time my Dad decided to figure out the bill himself, tax and all. When we went to pick up the food he argued with the owner for about 10 minutes about the fact that they were rounding up on the tax. It may have only been a few cents, but it pissed my Dad off. The owner said that they "don't deal in penny." My Dad retorted with, "Well the IRS does." The owner told him he was a big problem and would remember his name. He proceeded to storm off and cuss my Dad out in Chinese. To this day my Dad doesn't use his name to place pick up orders. It is still a running joke in my family. After all this we still order from them.
5	This is by far my favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley. I am not a particular fan of egg rolls, but theirs are certainly the best I have ever had. Their lunch specials are great and you can get out of there for under 7 dollars during lunch.The only thing that could be better is the location, but to be quite honest I would rather it be where its at with the current prices.
5	I totally love this place. It reminds me of the old school hardcore Chinese restaurant my parents used to take us when we were kids :D The decor is amazing- unlike more Chinese places in Phoenix. The walls are a teal blue, adorned with large carved pieces of artwork depicting scenes in China, golden dragons and more. The lights hanging from the ceiling are amazingly ornate. The place looks like its from a bygone era (doesn't help that its in a run down strip mall) but it is clean and charming inside.The service was great- kind to our 2 yo, and very attentive. The food was the best part- I can't remember the last time I had such good Chinese food, and it's priced very reasonably. We got the Peking dinner for 2 which included the fried noodles, hot tea, wonton soup (with generous noodles, meat, shrimp and veggies, the best I've ever had), a pupu platter with eggrolls, bbq skewers, house wings and those cheese puff thingies (the presentation is pretty cool, too). Next came 3 entree sized plates of food: mongolian beef, fried chicken (can't remember the name) and the Peking fried rice. The meal concluded with incredible little desserts- sort of like eggrolls but filled with banana and then covered with crystalized honey. I could have eaten 100 of them! Adding in a beverage and tax, the meal was only $34! My 2 yo can really eat, so I am surprised and pleased to say that even with sharing the dinner for 2 people with him, the 3 of us walked out with lots of leftovers. Highly recommended. Do it! DO IT!
4	Since moving back to Arizona from California 5 years ago, we've tried out many Chinese food restaurants in the valley.  This is one of the best that we've found so far.  The decor is a bit tired with a little TOO teal walls.  In fact, when I eat there I find myself thinking of simple ways to update the interior to make the restaurant a bit more fresh and friendly.  Dark decor aside, the service is great, the food very tasty and the prices quite reasonable.My husband and I often pick up take-out to eat at home and our favorites are the "Sauteed Happy Family", "Crystal Shrimp"  and the "BBQ Sliced Pork" appetizer.  The "Moo Shu Pork" is also delicious and the PuPu Platter for 2 at $7.50 is a smokin' deal!This spot is well worth a visit if you're in the mood for Chinese food.
4	Dragon Palace has become my new go-to Chinese place. After having brought home dinner from here several times, Hubby and I decided to eat in last night. It was a totally solid meal once again. The egg drop soup is like no other I have ever had- thick, savory, and eggy, with small squares of tofu and red bell pepper. I am normally repulsed by anything with bell pepper, but this stuff is so delicious, I can totally overlook it. This time, I decided to try the won ton soup, and it, too, was awesome- savory and full of perfectly cooked won tons with little nuggets of pork inside, topped with green onions. Delicious. We also got the crab puffs- again, these are some of the best I've had in Phoenix. They also have regular and vegetarian egg rolls. I don't think the latter are on the menu, but just ask for them. They are pretty good. I have had the house special chicken, the sweet and sour pork (minus the bell pepper, of course), and the three seas (scallops, shrimp, and chicken with snow peas and bamboo in a light sauce). All are very good, very generously portioned, and almost entirely meat. The scallops in particular were so well cooked, and next time I go I will have a scallop dish. Hubby has had three types of vegetarian entrees- the family bean curd, the veggie and egg crepes, and the mushrooms, peas, and bamboo combo- and he has enjoyed them all. They do not deliver, but do a brisk takeout business. While we were dining, they had someone picking something up every few minutes. They are super fast with the takeout, even with special requests. You will wait only 10 minutes and have everything well packaged and ready for transport. Everything is still hot when I get home, even after more than half an hour drive. Dragon Palace does not have everything on the menu that I would want in my ideal Chinese restaurant, but it comes close. Everything we have eaten has been good at the very least, and often among the best we've had in the Phoenix metro, and the prices are very reasonable.
4	This place brings back great memories. Of youth, fun and friends. A few weeks ago, I decided I wanted to eat here again. I had not done so in years (more then 5, less then 10). I took a new friend and ordered my old favorite, House Special Chicken. It was just as I remembered it. Crispy fried outside, sitting in a ginger and garlic sauce (I love it when food in a sauce is still crisp). My friend approved of her Sesame Chicken but I didn't try any of it, myself. One bite took me back 11 years. To a very young man of 19 and his friends. Just coming back from a California road trip and stopping at their then favorite eatery. Ordering our favorite dishes, annoying the proprietor with our laughter and naive inconsideration (we didn't know better back then). Coincidentally, I bumped into one of these old friends there, this trip. I wondered whether the dish was good because of the memories or because it was just, legitimately, good. So a few weeks later I asked if my parents would let me treat them to Chinese. Bo Bo Chicken, Yu Shuan Chicken & House Special were ordered. The Bo Bo was tasty. I wish it were spicier (as purported) but understand that not everyone has a Chicano mouth like mine. It kind of reminded me of Ramen noodles, the instant kind. I love Ramen. The Yu Shuan was good too. Meat was dark so it was juicy and flavorful but was also supposed to be spicy and was not. House Special was great, again. What did the critics say? "It all really good, mijo." Success. I wholeheartedly recommend this place if you want the takeout variety of Chinese food. I recommend Nee House more so overall but for tasty, stick-to-your-ribs, let's-get-Chinese-and-watch-a-movie Chinese food, Dragon Palace is hard to beat. The dark, quiet atmosphere and great service of the place is a big plus to me too, so I say, eat-in if you can.
3	Wow - a lot of 5 star reviews on the Dragon Palace.  I suspect many are giving heavy handed reviews as this is a "sentimental" favorite.  I guess even my rating is slightly biased that way too.  But 5 stars people?  Meaning it cannot get any better than "woohoo, as good as it gets"?  Ok, I'll end my rant and get to the review.In short, this is your typical old school Mandarin/Szechuan style chinese restaurant.  Decor is slightly tired, but who really cares about decor anyways for a neighborhood chinese restaurant?Staff couldn't have been friendlier.  It's family run (from what I gather) and take out service is quick and efficient.  They include almond cookies, sauces, utensils, and fortune cookies in a nice packet with your to go order.  Everything was packaged VERY well.The menu is a diverse variety of your typical chinese items.  Be aware that some dishes (like the Moo Goo Gai Pan) have alternate names (like "Snow White Chicken").Still with me?  Good...on to the food.I ordered BBQ pork slices, Kung Pao Chicken, and a dish they called "Bo Bo Shrimp".  The BBQ pork slices were generally not too fatty as they can be other places, however some pieces were sliced too thin as they were dry.  Also, the seasoning did not permeate the meat that much.  There was also no "sauce" (which is good, because Char Siu should not have any sauce per se).  Maybe I'm just spoiled with good BBQ pork, and I also realize it's just an appetizer, but could have been better and more flavorful.The Kung Pao Chicken is very average.  First I'm appreciative of chinese restaurants that use dark meat instead of white as it's not dry.  But add to that a lot of peanuts that were a little overpowering (I felt like an elephant), lots of cubed green pepper and onion, and a lot of sauce made this the typical Kung Pao chicken.  Was it bad?  It wasn't bad, but not 5 stars great either.  I don't know if I really understand why Phoenix area chinese places are compelled to throw a ton of vegetables in Kung Pao.  It'd be nice for once to have a relatively vegetable-less "meat" dish and order vegetables separately (like how you order at better chinese places).  Compared to other places in Phoenix, it was probably better than what I've had, but again, not 5 stars "amazing".The Bo Bo shrimp was a breaded shrimp dish with a spicy brown sauce.  On the positive, I tasted the ginger and garlic come out of the sauce, but the breading on the shrimp was so heavy it was falling off as I ate it.  Perhaps it was because it was take out and it got soggy, so I'll reserve some judgement for when I dine in person, but I've had plenty of take out and the shrimp are not always like that.  I would have preferred a lighter coating which can be achieved with a dusting of cornstarch.I can see why this place has gotten the accolades because relatively speaking, there isn't a lot of good accessible chinese food here in Phoenix (well, unless you go to Cofco Plaza, Lee Lee Market, Great Wall, etc.).  But again, there is much better around.With that being said, if you've read my other reviews you'll see I am a big fan of locally run non-chain restaurants.  So don't let my review scare you too much, I'm just picky and have high expectations.  I certainly could have ordered items that are difficult to make poorly (Mushu pork, mongolian beef, etc.) but chose Kung Pao as it's difficult to pull off properly.  So please try this place for yourself and form your own opinion.  At least you have mine.
3	My wife is especially picky about Chinese food and she was very pleased - thus, there is joy in the world.Exactly as describe in most of the previous reviews... run down looking location (has character;) however the food is really good, when compared to PHX competitors it shines even more. Go and enjoy!
5	Some of my favorite Chinese food in town for sure! Located in a small ghetto looking strip mall in northern Phoenix, Dragon Palace comes off looking like ever other mom and pop place on town. However, let it be known this is the place to try. Even if it is a bit of a drive for you, it is worth it. Their food quality of above most places that are comparable in styles. Their menu is huge, anything you could possible want they have, and if it isn't on the menu I am sure the adorable little old man that waits on you will do his best to make you want you want. At lunch time they have a great deal for around $6 you get your choice of entree item that comes with soup, won tons with sweet and sour sauce (my fave!!), an egg roll and either white or brown rice. Way more food than one should eat at once. Not to worry though, the reheating factore is wonderful in this situation! Check them out. Also, while you wait for you wonderful yummyness to arrive, check out your Chinese horoscope, interesting stuff! :-)
5	House special chicken is a must. This is not a fancy schmancy place so you know the food will be good! Never have had to wait for a table. The banana thingies they give you for dessert are awesome too. I give it 5 stars because of the huge selection. Pei Wei and PF Changs are ok but they have a limited menu. And a LARGE wait!
4	I tried this place out all because of Shane's ROTD and yep it lived up to its greatness. I ordered a appetizer platter, twice cooked pork and pork fried rice. (Apparently I was craving pork which is beyond rare) Man all of the food was really good. The egg rolls were stuffed with yummy goodness, the honey chicken was finger-licking good, there was TONS of pork fried rice packed into that container. My goodness was it stuffed. The only disappointment was the twice cooked pork. Don't get me wrong it was good, but when I ask for extra, extra spicy, that is exactly what I am expecting and it fell short. :(  But will it stop me from going back,? heck no. I am already thinking about what I will be ordering this coming weekend.
4	So glad to have found this place hidden in a dive of a strip mall (aren't all  places in strip malls in Phx?). Hey, it allowed me to finally find Joe's Grotto too.Dragon Palace provides quick, thorough, and friendly service. Very well packaged to-go orders that keep you from having sauce spill out all over your car. I've tried a few dishes and found that they can sometimes be a bit bland, but overall it's quality Chinese food. I happen to be addicted to the Mu Shu Pork. I was surprised they wrap the crepes before packaging, but it really seems to allow the flavors to blend together and they're just plain good.I had been really disappointed with not being able to find a decent Chinese takeout place in Phoenix and Dragon Palace is just what the doctor ordered!
4	I called Dragon Palace one time when I was really hurting for some quality Chinese food. I ordered the house special and something else that way my bill came out to the appropriate delivery amount. Delivery was a little late, and I'm just 2 maybe 3 blocks away which kinda ticked me off (I was starving!). The dish was absolutely delicious except the chicken was still in huge pieces that I had to cut down. All in all I liked the food but I think I'll actually go inside next time to experience the ambiance.
3	So I'm not a big Chinese food fan, but my husband is. Truth be told, it usually makes me sick. But if I were to go to Chinese food, Dragon Palace would be one of the places that I would go. The food is decent and there's a lot of it. I really felt I was getting my value's worth.The waitstaff was attentive (always there asking if I wanted a refill) and the food came out quickly. It looks like every other Chinese food restaurant in the world (lots of red and gold, lanterns, paper Chinese Horoscope place mat -- save for the deep teal walls).  I'm not sure I would make a long drive to Dragon Palace because chances are you have a comparable Chinese food restaurant nearby, but if you live in the 32nd St. and T-Bird vicinity, this is certainly a Chinese food place worth trying. As for the food, we ordered the Peking dinner for 2 which came with won ton soup, a pu pu platter (consisting of won tons - yum -, eggroll, a small fried shrimp, a skewer of glazed beef and honey chicken), Peking fried rice (fried rice with shrimp, chicken, pork and beef), Mongolian beef and the house chicken. (as an aside and a disclaimer, I am preggers right now and I have developed a severe dislike for chicken which means I, of course, hated the chicken dishes). My husband thought it all was ok. I really liked the won ton soup and the Peking fried rice. After dinner, we got the requisite fortune cookie ("Express yourself now." WHAT?) and a really yummy banana wrapped in a won ton and fried with a sugar glaze thing.All in all, it was a good time at a pretty good Chinese Food Restaurant.
5	My family and I have been going here for years and it is always a wonderful experience.  Their food is wonderful... the staff is great... and the meals are decently priced and large enough to share with everybody in your party.Definitely recommended!!!
4	Probably one of the better Chinese places Ive tried. I love take out and delivery Chinese for some reason, this place was great to eat in. Would highly recommend eating here.
4	Hubby and I have lived less than 5 miles from this place for over 20 years and never stopped in.  Looking for good Chinese so yelped the area and Dragon Palace popped up with good reviews.  Comments about the outside are right - little corner spot in dated strip mall but who cares if the food is good....and it was!  We ordered three lunches to try out different dishes.  Both of us loved the egg rolls along with the sweet n sour chicken and the house chicken.  Not as thrilled with the beef and brocolli - nothing special on that dish so will stick with the chicken next time....and there will be a next time!  Don't be fooled by the outside - step in and try the food - you'll be back.
1	Another Yelp Twilight Zone episode. My good friend and I look on Yelp to find a new Chinese restaurant to eat at and decide to try Dragon Palace based on these ratings, but this place is nowhere near as good as it's rated here. We were enthusiastic when we entered and felt like we walked into 1968--the interior is very retro kitsch. But looking at people's dishes on the way to our table, I could see the food was not going to be anything special. Turns out Dragon Palace is a bottom-rung Chinese restaurant: dirty plates, RUSTY teapots, sub-par ingredients, frozen vegetables, canned mushrooms, weak sauces, and the cheapest quality of fatty, gristly meats...It was so bad I sent my dinner back and asked for a refund. You'd be better off looking in the phonebook for Chinese restaurants, closing your eyes, putting your finger down on the page, and going to whatever place your finger landed on.
4	My wife and I have driven by this place a thousand times and never gave it a thought because of it's location, a slightly ghetto strip mall.  Thanks to you Yelper's we braved the location.  (on a side note, this ghetto strip mall has an Irish Dance Studio, Fencing Studio, A Toy store that is gotta be seen to be believed and Joe's Grotto featuring a stage for bands.)Walking through the big red doors entering the restaurant I was suddenly flashing back to childhood memories of my families favorite Chinese restaurant in CT circa 1965.  Same decor, reds, blues, big red banquets, and complete with gold dragon's!  The owner is really nice!  He has been in this same location since 1979.  I only know of a handful of restaurants that have stayed in business in the valley that long.  He gets 4 stars just for that!!The menu has all the regular "americanized" Chinese dishes....sweet and sour pork, egg foo yung, chow mein, mu shu, etc....will be back again to find our favorites on the menu.We had the fried dumplings, bo bo shrimp, peking fried rice and house special fried chicken.  Everything was fresh and tasty! This is one of the better "americanized" Chinese restaurants in town!
1	Very nice service here, but the food was NOT good. We had multiple items from the menu, and none of it was good. The decor is somewhat depressing.All in all, it made us wish we were eating Chinese in San Fran.
4	First off....I'm a rabbit! This according to every Chinese Zodiac.  I like being a rabbit. My opposite.....the cock! My wife apparently is a cock. So for eighteen years I have loved .....well, my Wife!  Dragon Palace has been around for a VERY long time. I remeber going there as a child and loving it. One of my daughters has been in gymnastics just west of this restaurant and I keep wanting to eat here again and I continually drive by without stopping. My family generally eats at Nee-House or Jade Palace but the nostalgia here had my curiousity piqued.  This past weekend I made an executive choice. "Family" I said, "We are going to Dragon Palace tonight for dinner" I was so excited. This was going to be a huge throwback to my childhood. So we arrive and so goes! We walk up to two Chinese Red colored doors. I remember these doors being gigantic, not so big anymore when you are 6' tall. I open the door for my family to enter and the wonderfull smell wafed by my nose. Just the smell I remember, a true chinese smell. When we entered there was an old Chinese man at the front counter. I wonder if he was here 25 years ago? The lanterns adorned the rooftop just like I remember back in the eighties. Pink and blue hues were splashed on the walls. No frills, just the iconic, eclectic and stereotypical Chinese joint. So far everything is great. Now the food has to be good. And it was. I must say I was peased big time. I am a very adventurous eater usually. NOT TONIGHT. I wanted simple traditional Americanized chines fair and they hit on all levels. Wor Wonton Soup, Egg Foo Yung, Mongollion Beef, Orange Chicken, Low Mein (house), Crab Puff and Egg Rolls. Easy comfort stuff. It was very good, very fresh.  Dragon Palace always served a "treat" at the end of the meal. Ice Cream usually. Now it appears they serve a new and even better treat after the meal. Get this, Banana, wrapped in wonton skin, deep fried and drizzled with honey. Crispy, Chewy, Golden and sweet. Those little chats are off the map. Loved it and we will be back soon!!!
2	One step above a hole in the wall buffet place.  Food was edible.  Very bland, service was very un-attentive and my egg roll was soggy to boot.  I'll take my money elsewhere.
5	Dragon Palace is fantastic. The staff is friendly and the food is excellent.  The potstickers are to die for and the chili dipping sauce is amazing!
5	This place is kind of buried in a dead little strip mall opposite of Joe's Grotto and can be a little less than eye catching from the outside. Once inside, you can tell it's has been around for a while. However, I have been here 3 times with my family and every time the Kung-food and the service here has been no less than amazing. The older gentleman that runs the place is always accommodating and friendly. My boyfriend is allergic to shrimp and they are more than willing to cater to his needs and make substitutions when necessary. The quality of food is always consistent each time and is by far the best that I have tasted in Phoenix. They generally aren't super packed which is confusing given the quality of the food here, although they do have a lot of business on the take out side. We generally get the family style meals which include several delicous items. The one we usually get includes Wonton soup, the Poo Poo Platter (lol), Mongolian beef (which my boyfriend swears by), Sizzling Shrimp, House Special Chicken (best chicken ever), Mushu Pork, and Peking Fried Rice. And they top off every meal with these little banana filled glazed turnover squares. Prices are decent all around which is also a plus given the quality of the food. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who would like a delicious, memorable and authentic Chinese meal.
5	I wish I could give this place 6 stars.  By far the best chinese food in Phoenix in my opinion and the staff is super friendly.  I love finding local places like this instead of the souless PF Changs and Pei-Weis.  The candied banana won-tons are the best!
5	5 Stars for "Old School"   Americanized Chinese food, in an authentic  funky retro Chinese restaurant environment.  Fresh, flavorful, and priced right.  My husband and I were sans children, and wanted something close to home, but different than our usual haunts.  Based on the Yelp reviews, I decided to give Dragon Palace a try.  What a great find!  I have seen this place before, when at the Quiltz shop at the end of the little strip center.  I am glad to try any hole in the wall or oddball place, but having had too much bad Chinese in the past, will usually not try one unless it comes with a recommendation by someone.  Hot tea and ice water arrived immediately.  We ordered 2 Dragon Dinner Specials- I the Almond Chicken, my husband the Mongolian Beef.  Evil, delicious little crunchy fried wonton strips showed up after we placed the order.The Wor-Wonton soup arrived first- hot, and delicious. Beautiful clean shrimp were so flavorful, and the veggies and wontons were perfect.  The eggrolls were crisp and fresh.  The chicken drumette was crisp and flavorful. Our entrees were so good, reminding me of the old fashioned Chinese restaurants I went to with my parents in late 60's-early 70's.  (Anyone remember Toy's Shangri La??)     Service was pleasant and non-obtrusive.Here's an observation I made:  there was NO HINT of anything that had been frozen and added back into any dish.  I hate it when places do this!The only downside was that we got NO banana wonton desserts!  I think it was because we arrived around 8:15 and they closed at 9, and were closing up the kitchen.  Now we HAVE to go back so we can try some other entrees and those little sweet morsels.
3	Visited Dragon Palace while visiting my daughter in Phoenix.  Service was quick and courteous.  Food was okay, nothing spectacular.  Not the best I've had, but definitely not the worst I've ever had.  I would come back here again for a safe meal when I'm in the mood for Chinese food in Phoenix.
2	I was really looking forward to finding a good Chinese food restaurant, but this was not it. The only reason this gets two, and not one star is because of the reasonable prices. 12.95/person for the Mandarin Family dinner was a good deal. However, the food was flavorless, overcooked, and the atmosphere no better. The Wor Won Ton soup was fair. The wontons had almost no meat in them, such little meat that I thought there was nothing there until I took a closer look. The egg rolls were overcooked and the filling was not tasty.The fried wontons, like the soup, had almost no filling. My daughter said it looked like a tiny booger. She was right.The shrimp with lobster sauce was fair, though too salty for my tastes. The Sweet and Sour pork - again, overcooked, burned breading on the outside.The House Special Chicken was just OK - the sauce was thin, runny, and also overly salty. I can't believe how many good ratings this restaurant had. I was sorely disappointed.
4	What a nice little "gem of a restaurant" to answer our craving for Asian  food!  Thanks Yelpers!!!  The food and service at this place are China-licious!  The prices are just $, a bargain!The Dragon Palace is tucked away in the corner of an older strip center on the east side of N 32rd just north of E Thunderbird.  It looks like it's been here for years, and I mean a lot of years...  But don't let deter you from trying the Dragon Palace!Restaurant~ the decor is old.  It's is a thrown back into the late seventies and early eighties with huge red vinyl booths with the high backs.  The walls are solid blue (I guess as a contrast maybe?) with some Asian inspired borders and prints.  They have those old Asian lamps hanging for the ceiling.  Although this place is a through back into time of another era, the place is very clean and comfy.  Service~ excellent from when you enter their restaurant until you leave.  5 star service.Food~ all of their lunch meals come with water and hot tea, complimentary.  They also offer the usual beverage choices if you so desire something else.  The hot tea was very good!  Their menu is also a through back to old Asian restaurants I used to go to when I was a kid.  I remember when mom would say "we are going to go and eat Chinese" and I would say "mom, we're not cannibals do you mean Asian or Chinese food?"  After a slap on the back of the head we were off ~ ready to get stuffed since they always brought you way too much food.All of their lunch meals here at the Dragon Palace come with a very tasty bowl of egg drop soup (thick and tasty!), wontons, egg roles, rice is fried or steamed  and the main entree.  We had their Beef with Broccoli and their Mongolian Beef.  Both dishes were China-licious!!  Our entire meal was less than $20 with the tip!I'm looking forward to going "Back in Time" at he Dragon Palace again real soon.  Hopefully I will see you there.
3	Food here was just ok, and I'm pretty sure they are using MSG still. Every dish (including the house special chicken over which everyone was raving) was heavily salted and just plain bland tasting. Three stars awarded for quick and attentive service and reasonable prices. But I won't be returning.
5	Dragon Palace has become our go-to place when the family is itching for some Americanized Chinese food.  Like other Yelpers have noted, it's tucked away in a very diverse strip mall.  Yes, it's slightly ghetto, but I live down the street so I'm not scurred.The servers are *very* attentive, almost aggressively so (not necessarily in a bad way).  They get the food to the table quickly, and I've never had anything that wasn't good.  The banana/honey wontons are amazing!  A bonus is that my picky eater always finds something that she likes here and she finds herself trying things she wouldn't normally try.
4	I've been searching for a Chinese restaurant close to home that my husband and I can enjoy regularly. A meal out at a Chinese restaurant was a weekly treat for me and my family when I was a kid but I've struggled to find a decent option close to home here in AZ. Dragon Palace is exactly what I'd been looking for. Love the Mongolian Beef and the Wor Won Ton soup. The House Special Chicken was different than any I'd tasted before, but probably not my favorite version of the dish. The lunch specials are amazing and I'm so happy they offer them on Saturdays. Start off with egg drop soup and crunchy noodles; then the entree of your choice, fried rice, egg roll and won tons plus hot tea. My meal was $6.45 and I was stuffed. My dislikes: they don't open until noon on Saturdays. I'm an early bird ready for lunch by 11:00 a.m. usually. But worth the wait anyway. They served my husband's meal a good 3 minutes before mine which we felt was weird. The fried rice was only so-so. I like veggies in my fried rice. All in all, I'm happy I found this place and that is thanks to the reviews of my fellow Yelpers!
4	Do try the Sizzling Rice Shrimp.  It is divine.  Now my husband wants to go there any time we want Chinese.  Yum!
4	Love this place! The staff is so friendly and the food is fantastic! We live about 4 miles away and it is definitely our go to Chinese place.
4	This place isn't bad. It's in a not so great location (tucked in the back corner of a dead shopping plaza) but the food is pretty darned good. You go inside and the decor is loud, yet drab. The walls are painted a striking teal, accompanied with a bright red. Yet it's not very well lit, and the lights look like they  need replacing. Anyways, we went there for dinner and the service was fast, and the servers were friendly. Our food came out quickly and hot. I really liked the crab puffs. Very good. It was also nice to get free hot tea and water - something I miss about a lot of Phoenix Asian based eateries. The food wasn't too greasy and tasted great. The chicken chow mein tasted a lot like Panda Express, but wasn't nearly as greasy. On average, for this time of day, the avg price for a meal was $10. Appetizers ran the gamut from $2 to $7 (on avg). I will definitely be adding this to my list of regular haunts.
5	Best Chinese I've had in a long time! This place was recommended to us by the owner of Hammered Hog, and I don't think I will try another Chinese place in the Valley. The service was excellent, fast, friendly and patient (sometimes I take a long time to decide what I want to eat). The food was outstanding. The Won Ton soup had excellent flavor and lots of Shrimp! I ordered the Happy Family - a favorite of mine from when I lived in NY. This is the first place I have found in the 16 years that I have lived in Phoenix that actually makes it like they do back East. My son ordered the Mongolian beef - another perfectly prepared dish. Dave got the House Special Chicken -great flavor - crispy and juicy. I also love Fried Rice - again, great flavor, huge portion. All the portions were large, the price was reasonable and the service absolutely fantastic! The only downfall - no delivery. :-( They have been in business for 33 years - and I know why they will continue to be there for another 30!I suggest you go there now!
4	DRAGON PALACE!  30 years in the same spot.  The best Chinese in town hands down. Hot and Sour soup, Mandarin Hot Beef, Mu Shu Pork, Garlic Shrimp. A+
2	Bland.  My "hot" bean curd was anything but--had to cover it in sriracha.  My husband's hot and sour soup was nothing like any hot and sour he'd ever had (and not in a good way).  The mushrooms looked canned and the chicken in the hot & sour soup was oddly rubbery.  This place over Americanizes their food and it makes me miss east coast Chinese.  We're keeping our hopes up that we'll find "our" Chinese take out place in Phoenix, but the outlook isn't good if Dragon Palace is worthy of 4 stars!One up side: ridiculous amount of food for a really good price.
5	Dragon Palace is the place I am most likely to go in the Valley for Chinese food.  It is close to my house, has a good atmosphere, friendly staff and good food.  The restaurant is standard Chinese American fare.  My personal favorite is the Mongolian Beef which is always made perfect with scallions and white rice.  Egg rolls are tasty as is the egg drop soup.  The meals always come with the traditional hot tea and end with a fortune cookie.The atmosphere is old school with booths around the walls and tables within the room.   If you are looking for a decent Chinese restaurant with good food and no surprises, you have come to the right place.
1	I can't figure out HOW we made such a mistake with this place, with such good reviews. First, it was expensive ($30 for takeout- a sesame chicken, a schezuan chicken, and fried rice... I was expecting a tab closer to $21-25 with tax.) When we got our takeout home, we were hopeful. All of my fellow Yelper's reviews were so glowing. Now I'm convinced that every person who rated it with 5 stars was paid to do so or came just for the tea and fortune cookies- but I'm not sure as we didn't eat in. Our food was inedible. I'm serious- and usually once I've shelled out a few bucks for something I'll at least hunker down and eat it, but instead I'd rather go hungry tonight. And my husband will eat ANYTHING, so for him not to touch his dish is pretty reassuring to me that I'm not just some crazy snob who doesn't like the food (and Chinese is never a bad choice for me, I've never given up.) The sesame chicken tasted like soggy chicken nuggets. Bland and mushy. The schezuan chicken clearly was made up of canned chicken. Tiny nondescript bits of white meat that seemed extremely processed (not fresh at all), and in some sort of spicy-ketchup sauce. The fried rice was the only thing I would consider worth eating, but was full of the same canned-chicken processed crap. I'm serious, you could almost confuse the meat here for "Chicken of the Sea." Same preserved flavor, and that's not the MSG talking.Maybe we ordered the wrong things, I don't know, but we literally took about 3 bites each and stared in remorse at our inedible dinner, as we contemplated calling for a refund or going out for a frozen pizza. Never again will I eat here. They were SO nice- SO nice. That's about the only remarkable thing about this place. Unlike other Yelpers, I would try ANY other place in the valley before returning for more of the same here.
4	Dragon Palace has been my family's go-to Chinese food place since before I was born, so it will always have a special place in my heart. I think I had my birthday dinner here for at least 10 birthdays in a row. Nothing changes in Dragon Palace-- the menu, the decor, the workers all seem stuck in a time warp in the strip mall's corner. But that's what makes it awesome! I will always remember the teal walls and the red booths. Ok, enough reminiscing. Food- you should get the hot bean curd. It's listed in the vegetarian section, which is a total lie because it involves a lot of pork. But man it is tasty, and spicy! Tofu magic! The mushu vegetable wraps with plum sauce are also delicious and a waiter will come to your table and make them for you, which is fun to watch. Also, the free tea is awesome! It just adds to the whole experience. Definitely a long time Phoenix establishment, don't be fooled by the boring outside, go check it out!
3	FIRST TIME HERE.  The place is in a beat up shopping complex.  Nothing scary- just old.  The inside was lovely for a Chinese restaurant.  Loved the hanging lanterns and the dark red seats and all the gold wood wall hanging which displayed various Chinese dragons.  It felt like a restaurant in china-town (but clean).  Bath rooms probably need a good in the cracks cleaning--- but overall it was clean.  (The kindof clean you want a restaurant bathroom to be in... get my drift?)Best crab puffs in the area! Yum, you get 8 cream cheese filled pffs for 4.95.  The egg drop soup ($4.00 for a large) was flavorful and really thick--- a little too thick for my preference and full of celery.  My husband raved about it, thought it was the best ever.  We also ordered the Sizzling Rice Soup ($7.25 for a large), would've been knocked out of the park with flavor, ingrediants, however, the cook added too much salt.  Kids ordered a large egg fried rice sans the peas/carrots.  It had a great buttery/bacony flavor to it.  Wow--- so good.  Our entree was the Honey Walnut Shrimp for $11.95.  Shrimp tasted fresh, no funky flavored shrimp.  The sauce was light and when I say "light"  it was tossed perfectly.  Shrimp to sauce ratio was spot on.  The shrimp was lightly battered, no tempura shrimp here.  The walnuts came a little light, could've used a little more but it was about 15 large shrimps on the platter.  They priced it right for what you got.  It's your standard American chinese food.   Will definitely be back.It was good..... if my soup wasn't so salty I probably would've given it 4 stars.  I"m thinking this was even 3.5 star establishment.
2	Like everyone has said... It is in a crapy location. The food was ok, again like others said SALTY! You almost need to take a diuretic when you get home. They will not substitute anything for you. The first and probably only time there, I got the lunch combo and asked if I could substitute the hot and sour soup for the egg drop. The Asian man started screaming, "no subtooshin, no subtooshin, it say no subtooshin". I'm thinking damn, it was only a request. I said "ok", then he starts in with "hot sour soup very special, feed 6 people, has lots of stuff in it". I said ok, and he again said "I no subtoot, you get soup". Ok. Kinda funny when I look back at it. Maybe that is why it was me and one more table for lunch.
2	I came here for dinner a few weeks ago after reading the reviews on yelp.  I was pretty disappointed and won't be going back.I got a cup of the wonton soup as an appetizer - it was pretty pathetic.  The wontons had a dime-sized amount of meat in each one, and the broth was awful.  I got sesame chicken and wasn't impressed with that either.  To top it off, the family that owns the place let their small child run around the entire restaurant and in and out of the kitchen screaming, with the teenaged hostess (also a family member) hardly bothering to try to quiet her down.  The waitress just went and sat at a table next to the kitchen staring at me the whole time.  What the heck?  Atmosphere gets a zero.
4	Menu looks like every single chinese takeout place on the east coast and they aren't pretentious.  Clearly I'm not in California anymore.  Fantastic.  This place made me pretty dang happy.It's rot gut chinese.  Boom.
5	This place is delicious!!I have been here a couple of times. Tonight was the first time I ordered take out.  My food was ready in 10 minutes!  They packaged it up with care and added a round cookie and a sugar cookie. I ordered the orange chicken and the crab Rangoon. Both where super delicious. I have plenty left over!!  The orange chicken had nice size pieces of juicy chicken breast lightly breaded and not overly spicy. I do love the decor in here!!  It's quirky but that's what makes it cool!  The only bummer about take out is you don't get the wonderful banana wontons everyone raved about but I'm sure they'd throw it in if you asked!! Love this place!!
2	Like everyone has said... It is in a crapy location. The food was ok, again like others said SALTY! You almost need to take a diuretic when you get home. They will not substitute anything for you. The first and probably only time there, I got the lunch combo and asked if I could substitute the hot and sour soup for the egg drop. The Asian man started screaming, "no subtooshin, no subtooshin, it say no subtooshin". I'm thinking damn, it was only a request. I said "ok", then he starts in with "hot sour soup very special, feed 6 people, has lots of stuff in it". I said ok, and he again said "I no subtoot, you get soup". Ok. Kinda funny when I look back at it. Maybe that is why it was me and one more table for lunch.
2	Bland watered-down tea.  Wonton soup--sorry broth; wonton ok.  Vegetable mu-shu came in what looked like a burrito.  Had large chunks of egg in it.  More like a Mexican burrito than Chinese.Family style bean curd was good & rather MSG-laden.  One-time visit place.  Won't be returning.  Not sure what people are talking about with this restaurant being the best Chinese they've ever had.Decor & ambiance very cheap feeling also.
2	The food was passable. The dining room was nearly empty at 7 pm on a weeknight. Not that I crave a crowded and noisy dining experience, but it would've been nice to think we'd made the right choice eating there by seeing other diners voting with their wallets.I don't think our waitress spoke any English beyond what was on the menu. She had to go get help from another waitress when I ordered a whiskey on the rocks. Even the more fluent of the two didn't think to ask me what kind of whiskey, so I was served rail that tasted like the ice cubes had come from a moldy dispenser.The food was ok. Nothing special. I had the kung pao chicken. It lacked spice and came loaded with onions (which I had asked them to leave out).
2	1st and only time here.   Ordered House Chicken lunch special.  Egg drop soup that came with it was way too thick.  House fried rice that also came with it was too bland.  Chicken wasn't too bad.  Not impressed enough to go back.
5	Slightly greasy overall, but very delicious, particularly the vegetable dishes.  The meats are fine, but the Awesome Wor Wonton soup really has me crawling back for more.  The moo shu pork is great, but the vegetarian version would probably be fine too.  Service is great - while English fluency is not exactly impressive, it's clear that most of the employees are very careful to provide polite service with many "Thank you, thank yous".I didn't really eat much Chinese food since I started eating healthier, but I'm glad I tried this place.  We've gone back 2-3 times now, and when people ask me where I go for Chinese food, I'm enthusiastic about recommending this place.
4	My wife and I tried takeout at Dragon Palace a few weeks ago and were really pleased. We ordered one of their specials, the house beef, and it was AWESOME! It honestly got better with every bite and we talked about it for days. We also got the hot n sour soup but frankly it was neither hot nor sour, but somewhat tasty (wouldn't order again).We went back the other night and dined in and got the happy family---which was delicious and the seafood in it was cooked to perfection---and the Mongolian beef, which was also tasty and tender. We also tried a couple more soups and neither of us loved any of them---just missing something. Probably stay away from the soups going forward to focus on better stuff.I love spicy food and my request for a chili sauce or hot sauce was answered with a funky paste of mostly seeds that had absolutely zero heat level to it---and I mean zero. I just wanted something like sriracha to kick it up and they apparently don't have that and in my opinion should.Everyone was polite and friendly, and the owner (assumed it was the owner) walked around and asked how things were and thanked us---which by the way---many "fine dining" restaurants fail to do and it is so simple and leaves an impression.We will definitely return to Dragon Palace. It's not PF Chang's in terms of atmosphere but when you want good food and don't feel like a big hassle this is the place.
4	LH's review (2012) is spot on!   This is American Chinese food in a nice atmosphere and friendly service.   The portions are generous and prices reasonable (cheap compared to other places).  You feel like you are in a Chinese American  restaurant. They have a full bar, but I only order wine, occasionally.  Otherwise I have hot jasmine tea.  Some employees do not serve alcohol and some speak very little (no?) English.  They always get it figured out by asking someone else.  They are always very polite.Yes, the little girl is always there, although I have never heard her scream.  That must've been the terrible twos; she is older now & always waves & says "bye".   I actually look to greet her now :)The only dish I have NOT enjoyed is the duck.  It seemed dry both times. Ask for chili/hot sauce if you want it spicier.  They have bottled hot sauce and a paste, that I love, but it's not hot.   Real Chinese is NOT spicy hot.  Szechuan is spicier.   If you want tons of spice, go elsewhere.THIS is one of my favorite regular places.  And yes, they greet me with friendly recognition, after I came a few times.   Can't give them 5 because that means perfect.  Although they are perfect for me.
5	I love this place!Overall, their food is great and the lunch specials are a real bargain. The staff is polite and attentive and won't leave you waiting for much, The complimentary hot tea is excellent. I make it to dragon palace for lunch whenever I can.The interior of this place is something else.  the walls are red and turquoise with gigantic  reliefs of Chinese themes scenes.  Its a family run business and not everybody speaks English, so be prepared to order by letter on the men
5	The Peking fried rice and Mongolian beef are amazing. Definitely the best Chinese food on this side of town. Staff is friendly and helpful.
5	This place is just fantastic.  I ate there twice this week.  One day we walked in 3 minutes after they had closed for lunch and they were still so kind to serve us and not make us feel rushed.  The food portions are huge and just fresh as can be.
5	Love this place ! Been going here for over 10 years and average about twice a month for take away....  I'm pretty basic but love the Chicken Fried Rice (all white meat - best in valley) and Wor Wonton Soup as well as the Mongolian Beef... Just a great neighborhood restaurant with excellent service and food
5	I play in Lost in Lies very often at Joe's Grotto next door to here, so every show night my band eats here before the show. They always take fantastic care of us, almost always with a table of 7 or more with split checks. The food is hot and fresh, the Chili paste is deliciously spicy, everything is just the way it should be. Highly suggest garlic chicken and house special beef.
5	Definately worth the drive! New favorite Chinese restaurant! A hidden gem.flavors are great and food is abundent and soooo reasonable for that family of 4 to go out and enjoy. a meal out.
1	Mediocre  !!!! Overpriced save yourself the disappointment & money . I order the house special chicken & sweet & sour chicken with 3 PC egg roll . First disappointment was you can't purchase just one egg roll you have to purchase 3 @ 3.95 then if you want to upgrade to fried rice it's $6 that's crazy !!! So I passed on that I went to go pick up. As they do not deliver I got there and was presented with a bag smaller than a grocery store bag so I asked where the rest of order was the women said it's all there. I got hm & there were 4 small food containers 1 box for egg rolls , 1 box of house special chicken , 1 box sweet & sour & 1 box of rice !!!! One box for both entrees we got one small box , I was pleasantly surprised to see almond cookies a nice touch it so I thought after taking a few bites of dinner my husband & I threw out the food & I tried to eat the almond cookie & thought I was  going to chip my tooth it was do old and hard a total waste of $27.00 won't be returning.
5	My wife and I come to this place all the time. The people running the place are legit and this is the kind of old fashiony Chinese food restaurant you wanna go to where it's a hole in the wall, mom and pop shop, but has that fabulous 1970's decor. We came here on Valentines for some love supper and were shocked by their wine prices. I think they were all $13.95 a bottle which is very reasonable for house wine prices. Happy family and fried dumplings are main stays for us. Everything is great so try it all. You'll have left overs for tomorrow too.
5	Sizzling rice soup is a must. There isn't a bad thing on the menu, been eating here for over 20 years.
5	My husband and I order from here all the time. Their shrimp in lobster sauce with shrimp fried rice is, in my opinion, one of the best things on their menu!!
5	I have been going to this place since the 70's when I was young.  Must have Garlic Shrimp. LOVE IT and crave it.That is my favorite but you can't really go wrong with any item on the menu and I have tried most of them through the years!   Also the owners are very nice and friendly.
3	This was my husband's second visit and my first to Dragon Palace.  The first time my husband went he came home excited about having a good Chinese place so close to us (and let me clarify that we are both American born Chinese so we love greasy Chinese food).  I love that right after we sit down they bring the tea, and there's no extra charge like a lot of Chinese restaurants these days.  This place does offer a great deal for a LOT of food -- we went with the Family Dinner special which was 11.95 a person for soup, eggroll, fried wontons, pork chow mein, fried rice, and sweet and sour pork.  By the time the entrees came around we were totally full and we ended up taking three full cartons of food home.  The service was prompt, attentive, and very friendly.  However, I thought that the food here was very difficult to eat.  The chow mein especially was really, really salty.  I never ever send food back but we had to ask for them to cook it again because it was so salty, and it wasn't much better after that.  The sweet and sour pork was deep fried pork with sweet and sour sauce drizzled over it -- not even coated evenly.  The meat itself was tough and chewy in texture.  The fried rice was decent, nothing extraordinary.  My favorite part of the meal was the dessert, they make these fried bananas wrapped in wontons that are coated with honey and they are delicious!Since my husband had such a positive experience the first time he went, I am willing to give this place another try.  Maybe they just hired a new chef (our server said that he was also brand new) so there may be some inconsistencies in the menu.
5	Our favorite Chinese restaurant! Lots of flavor and minimal grease. My husband usually orders beef and broccoli and I always get their veggie egg foo young. Perfect comfort food. Great friendly service too! Slightly pricier than other Chinese restaurants but well worth the quality. And the portions are huge!
4	Really good Chinese. We end up here about once a week. The owners are very nice. The food is consistent and typically good. We've had a couple off visits, but that's an exception and not the rule.
5	Went here for dinner its tucked in the corner I entered with my boyfriend and inside is amazing. So cute and clean very friendly staff. We ordered the fried wonton for an appetizers which were delicious. I ordered the orange chicken which was cooked to perfection the beef and broccoli was fabulous the meat was so tender. We got served complimentary tea and the tea was even amazing. When they brought the check they brought this amazing banana wonton super sticky but the taste of it was outstanding.  This is our favorite Chinese spot for sure. You must go here its delicious
4	The egg drop is the best!  We have not had one bad meal yet. From start to finish... Darn good
4	Stopped in last night and grabbed some food to go.  I read all the great yelp reviews and decided to try it.   Loved the meat dumplings!!  I usually don't like dumplings but theirs were great!!  We also had the honey dipped chicken.  That was my favorite.  They are like little drumsticks covered in a honey sauce.  They were so good.  I wasn't a big fan of the chow mien noodles but everything else was yummy!!  I want to try their dessert next time- the fried banana....looks delicious
5	Ok this by far is the best best chinese restaurant in the AZ area. They start you off with some hot Tea which is so good and their food is tasty. You get a good amount of food for a great price. I honestly could go here every day. We had the orange chicken and some beef chow mein and fried wonton. Ive gotten take out from here as well and it was delicous. Everyone needs to go here!!
4	This is a very good hidden little gem.  Ive tried every Chinese restaurant in the area and Dragon Palace is the best, and not just because their food is good but because the owner is a class act.  I came to grab a carry out order since i was in the vicinity and noticed upon approaching the door that they didn't open until 5pm (it was 4:25).  I was about to turn away in disappointment when the owner unlocked the door and asked if i was just doing carry out.  When I said yes he welcomed me inside and took my order.  That right there is just fantastic business.   Try seeing that at any other place, you would leave hungry.... especially at a certain place on tatum/thunderbird that shall not be named.  I got the house special chicken, Mongolian beef, and small wonton soup.  All of them are piping hot, fresh, and delicious.  This is my go to spot for Chinese now and they very much deserve the business.
5	Wonderful experience!  The food is amazing: tasty, steaming hot, and inimitable.  The service is great, too;  we always get a table quickly, are waited on immediately, and they always pay extra attention to us.. In fact, we go once or twice a month and now know the owners, who are very friendly.  And they even know us by name, which comes in handy when we happen to place phone orders.  Before you even order, they start you off with hot tea, if you desire.  After we place our order, the soup is served piping hot, with those amazing crunchy pieces to put in the soup, or, as my young son does, to dip in the red sauce often used for egg rolls.  And speaking of egg rolls, Dragon Palace has the best egg rolls I have ever tasted anywhere.  Their entrees are exceptional and huge; we always have a "doggy bag" for leftovers when we leave.  The atmosphere is conducive to what you should get at a Chinese restaurant, with decorations, lighting, and music.  One time, when the music was not Asian sounding, my son asked the owners to change it to their usual music, and they did as he requested.  Dragon palace is the best Chinese restaurant anywhere.
4	I have been going here since I was a child (and it hasn't changed at all). I loved it then and I still love it now.  My favorite dishes are the Mongolian Beef and Almond Chicken, but they have plenty of other great dishes. They have a great lunch menu and very generous portions. Come hungry. Their dinners are served family style. The restaurant is a little dark and could use some new, updated decor.  Be sure to check out the huge mural on the north wall.
4	Quick take out. This is a hidden gem. It sits back in the center.  The staff is very friendly and courteous.  The food is delicious!  I believe they offer cocktails as well.
4	Really good Chinese. I myself have pretty specific standards when it comes to Chinese food and Dragon Palace definitely meets those. The chicken wasn't bad or chewy like some places you will find and the egg rolls and crab wontons were amazing. The only thing I would say that could be improved is the flavor of the Kung Pao. It was good but was not very spicy and was a little on the bland side. Other than that this will definitely be a place I will go to again.
1	The food here is absolutely horrible. We had issues with every thing ordered except the iced tea. The food is completely unflavored, salty, and low quality.  We ordered the Mandarin family dinner which was a bundle of appetizers and entrees. The issues listed below were addressed with the manager/owner but he made excuses for the problems and did not attempt to correct. I would not recommend this restaurant in any way shape or form to anyone for fear they will be disappointed or sick.The issues1. Fried wontons - cold, hard and no filling. 2. Egg rolls - filled with old meat and tasted awful. 3. Egg drop soup was really thick from over cooking4. The fried rice was full of old and new meat (complemented by the light and dark colors plus an old taste)5.  The Mongolian beef was the most offensive in taste - super salty and watery (the manager said that's how they do it there).6. The sweet and sour chicken tasted like donuts deep fried in old oil. The shell of the pastry was crisp but every piece was doughy.  Topping the chicken was a sweet glaze but did not complement the chicken. 7. Stale fortune cookieThe dinner was finished with some odd baklava looking sweet but we were so done with the restaurant that we didn't try it.
2	The Mongolian beef and chicken chow mein were very bland, and lacking on any major flavor.
5	I have been going here since I was a kid and it has always been delicious!  It is tucked away in the corner so don't miss it!  It is my favorite Chinese food ever.  I have tried several Chinese food places and while they all are pretty good nothing compares to Dragon Palace.
5	I have been craving authentic Chinese food for awhile now and this definitely hit the spot.  Excellent food and great service. This definitely just became one of my favorite places to go.
5	This is our favorite Chinese restaurant. The food is delicious and the price is right. They are fast and always quite friendly.
5	Favorite place in town I recommend the Mongolian beef or beef chow mein also hit n sour soup !!
4	This is one of our favorite Chinese restaurants  in town. Over the years I have probably had everything on the menu. The sizzling rice soup is the best I've had. I usually have one of the shrimp dishes, my favorite being the Kung Pao Shrimp.
5	Incredible. From start to finish Dragon Palace is one of the best Chinese Restaurants I have ever had. I ordered several dishes from Chow Mein to Orange Chicken and it was absolutely incredible. I think it is safe to assume that everything else is equally as good. Incredible and a definite must for anyone in need of great service with excellent food.
5	Wow! For the money ( about $35 for two), the best chinese food in town, no doubt. The only thing is that the actual dinner for two could feed at least four. Wouldn't go to eat in the area but we've seen the reviews on this place and decided to give it a try - it was worth it 100%.
2	More authentic than places like Panda Express, but definitely not somewhere I'd go for quality Chinese food. I went with a big group and we ordered a variety of dishes off the menu. Overall their prices are low, but their food is rather one-dimensional. And they drench almost all of their dishes in thick sauces, making them feel greasy and unhealthy. While the service is good and they have a lot of seating for large groups, the food is nothing more than something cheap and filling.
