4	I'm a fan of mom-and-pop restaurants, particularly where you go in and the people make you feel like family and are friendly.  Starving for hot meal, I dashed across the Meadows to Hong's, a tiny Chinese restaurant located about 2 blocks south of Melville in the quiet Marchmont area.  Sandwiched between produce stores and boutiques, Hong's offers a cozy dining room for table service, along with take-away / carry-out service.  Their menu is extensive and well-priced for the portions.  I recommend the combo special which is just under 7 pounds and includes a can of coke, giant bag of fried chips (don't know the name but they're tasty), an entree, plus rice.  having a penchance for spicy foods, I inquired if they would make a particular dish spicy--and they happily obliged.  The wonton soup is solid, but the chicken mushroom dish (which also includes scallions) was great.  I'll definitely go back whenever I'm in the area, and if not, there's a cheap delivery service for only 1 pound.
1	Really disappointed in my take-away from here. I ordered a Chinese dish of chicken, spring onion and ginger and asked for some garlic to be thrown in (which it wasn't) and my girlfriend ordered a Thai dish. Both looked exactly the same  colourless and gloopy. My Tom Yum soup was only half full and contained nothing more than some decent stock but only two prawns. The worst part of my meal was the boiled rice which was dry, hard and brittle. Probably the worst rice I've had from a take away.All of these negative points is really down to the place cutting corners and presumably heating things up in microwaves (I think the rice was heated in the oven because it came in the foil tray). When you get spongy chicken and colourless veg in microwaveable dishes you know it's not going to be good. Avoid.
5	For Chinese takeaways Hong's is one of the best I've ever had.  It's fast, it's delicious and it's not too greasy. I love Hong's. I'd recommended: the shredded crispy chicken in chilli sauce, the satay chicken, the chicken wings (salt and pepper), ribs, the pad pad thai. Not only do they serve Chinese food but they also do Thai.  Hong's is also super affordable. Get a bunch of friends together and order a various things off the menu.  I guarantee Hong's won't disappoint!
4	Marchmont's Best ChineseI believe this is the case but my research hasn't been all exhaustive. It's on one of the most eclectic streets in the area, which includes the great Argyle Bar, an awesome fruit shop, a wee coffee shop, a yoga place and a 'sauna'. I drink in the argyle quite a bit, and normally need some form of food when I'm heading home, Hongs is my preferred location. As Shona F said their ribs are pretty damn good, and I'm a fan of all the usually, I think the secret is in their sauces - they do a really mean Peking sauce, and the chilli salted chicken wings are the bomb - the portions are really good also, though not cheap, it is value for money!
4	My new local takeaway, I was recommended by a friend and can say he was not wrong good food with reasonable prices not had it delivered that's why I have not given 5 stars
3	Popped in a couple of times now after a colleague reccomened this place on the strength of there salt and pepper chips. We rocked up last night after few polite drinks at the argyle and decied to try out a few more dishes. The veg tempura wasnt on so that was s bit disappointing but we went for vegetable fried rice and asked to make this very spicy. This was great. really nice and the chef didnt hold back on the spice. The much discussed salt and pepper chips were great. They seem to be chips stirfried with veg, chillis, ginger and soy sauce. It sounds wweird but it is actually amazing.... well it is once you have had a few beers. The other options we had were quite standard fair Spring rolls etc. All in thumbs up. Worth popping in now and again for some standardish chinese food.
1	Ordered Thai Special for one at 7.10 via phone for collection. I was told they were very busy and the wait would be between half an hour and forty-five minutes. I went to collect after this time, the woman on the till took my money (more than the advertised amount) but then it became clear my food hadn't been cooked (so why take my money?). She said it'd be another ten minutes. While I was waiting she was receiving several orders via phone and online and seemed unable to cope with the demand. The group sitting in the restaurant area started complaining and asking where their food was. I left, called the restaurant again after ten minutes, she said she was getting the order ready for me. After returning to the restaurant for the second time it became clear the chef hadn't even started cooking my very small order. Ninety minutes after placing my order and two trips later I got my food. The food itself was dull, no subtlety to the flavours, some of the vegetables far too hard, and only a few prawns in the curry. Here's a suggestion: try to fulfil the orders you have before accepting dozens more, and be honest with your customers. Shambolic place and terrible customer service.
