5	If you need to get pampered in Cave Creek this is definitely the place to do it. We visited by chance recently during a festival held in the shopping complex. The facility itself is a design marvel (designed by the owners and custom built - they own the building) . The owners and really hands on and passionate. They offer haircuts, manicures, pedicures, facials, massages, and a dozen other spa services. Treat yourself to Salon Mila!
2	Extremely overpriced for the services.....I've  had much better colors and cuts at Rolf's at Gainey Village in Scottsdale, which is a MUCH higher end salon with more contemporary, educated stylists, for less $$. Of course, you're going to pay more because this salon is associated with The Boulders but the quality of the services and the overall condition of the salon are kind of borderline old.
5	My friend and I came here for her 50th birthday to get our hair and make up done and we couldn't have been more thrilled with the results! Marlene and Kasey were absolutely brilliant and they worked wonders with our hair. We told them what we were looking to have any they did it better than we could have even imagined. Unfortunately, I'm not from Scottsdale but if I was, these girls would be my preferred stylists! Thank you so much, Kasey and Marlene!
4	Amazing service! Most of the staff and the owner are always friendly and remember me, they're pretty talkative, not really my thing, but I can deal with it. Only exception is one of the older receptionist girls always seems to be in a foul mood, esp towards me. I use my time there to relax. I get a Shampoo and Style for around $55, the price has been changed on me 4x, 1 high, lowered, 1 higher, 1 higher again. Always around $50 - $65 at one point I believe. I'm told my hair is very easy to work with and it takes about 45min but the receptionist insists on charging me more than the average quote. I've always gotten a brow wax here, was very good, good shaping and didn't hurt. They're got some nice products and a great boutique, it's for older women with a lot of time and money to spend, their sizes are also slightly above average, a bit larger, the shoes are for small feet... I find it ridiculous over priced but ::NELLY:: is the best stylist ever! She can work with short, long, damaged, healthy, curly, wavy, straight... Black, White, Hispanic, Asian...whatever hair! She's very helpful with you maintaining your own hair and suggesting services or products that actually with work for you! She does amazing color and cutting as well. She's a very creative stylists with a lot of techniques (hair, nails, brow) under her belt, throw anything at her for wedding, prom, date night - she loves it!* * * Nelly no longer works here, think there was price increases/pay uses. * * *
1	The owner is the only one with any talent and you need to catch her on a good day. I went to this place a total of 5 times. I got 1 good haircut from the owner and the next two that she did were nowhere near as good.  I even had to fix an obviously too long piece that did not fit with the rest of my bangs. I switched to another girl who did a not great job the first time and I went back thinking she just needed to get to know my hair. HA! The second time she not only slaughtered the haircut but really did a terrible color. Number one lesson girls, don't cut a person's hair too short on top if it's fine, especially fine and curly.  I did complain especially about the color and she put a glosser on it that made the "caramel" (read brassy yellow) highlights look less like a peroxide bottle exploded in my direction, for a few shampoos, but eventually it faded back to that horrible color job and seriously dried out my hair.  I haven't been back to this place in a while but I still remember how ugly I felt for months and months after that last horrible cut and color.  I saw that I had never posted this review from a while back so I went ahead and posted it now. It deserves to be posted when I still feel like crying just reading my old draft of a review.  This place is seriously not worth $200+  The skill of the hairdressers is on par with a JC Penney salon- new hire!
2	I had my hair styled at Salon Mila  twice in the past four months by Jennifer, and was very happy with it. In fact it was the best haircut I have had in several years. My only complaint was that the owner was a little overly assertive in recommending  other services I was not interested in.  This made the visit  uncomfortable and in my opinion was out of line.
