5	I got a membership for this gym a little over a month ago and have been going almost every day since. Compared to my previous gym Bally's, and every other gym I've been to, this gym rocks!The guy who signed me up and spoke with my dad over the phone was super nice, the facilities are great (far more than I was expecting), and the staff is really nice. Have gone to a few classes here and there and the instructors are very knowledgeable. I'd recommend this gym to anyone.
5	My husband and I joined 24 Hour Fitness in Mesa online prior to its opening.  We got a great deal on the initiation fee, and the gym was very convenient for us, so we joined without even seeing it.  We love it.  I go almost everyday.  They have tons of cardio equipment.  There are very few times that I ever have to wait for a treadmill, and I regularly go at peak hours, right after work.  There is a nice area for stretching that has some free weights, exercise balls, bands, etc.  I like that I can do strength training in this area with free weights, instead of the larger free weight area.  The employees are super friendly.  The locker rooms are top notch and always very clean.  My favorite part about the gym is their classes.  Every week, I take a strength training class on Mondays, Strength & Endurance class on Wednesdays, and spinning on Fridays.  The instructors are awesome & very motivating.  I think this gym has spoiled me because if we ever move out of state, no gym will ever compare!
5	This gym is great...  I joined because it opened only about 3 minutes away from my house.  I keep going back because every person who works there is so nice and greets you with a smile and a friendly hello.  It is not intimidating at all, which is a big step up from the LA Fitness that I used to go to.  The staff gets to know you by name and most of the other members are quite friendly as well.   The gym is open enough that you can do free weights on your own without bumping into anyone and there are always plenty of cardio machines available.   I've been going there for over a year and plan to continue doing so!
5	This is the closest, newest major gym to ASU. Five stars for that alone... but there's more!I've been working out here for more than a year now, and I LOVE IT! Having been a member with the chain for more than 10 years and having gone to about 10 or so different locations around the country, I have to say this is my favorite location of them all, and not just for its spaciousness.Yeah, it's one year new, so of course the equipment and amenities such as the free weights, pool and basketball court are top-of-the-line compared to other 24 Hour Fitness locations. Ellipticals and other cardio equipment are plentiful and modern.Regarding the chain itself: it's not Crunch, Golds or any of the more fancy chains, but it is accessible to the average joe and more national -- which is important if you like to work out when you travel.The classes are average, but the Mesa location gets MAJOR points for scoring a few appearances from local Ali Vincent (winner of The Biggest Loser) to co-teach a boot camp.And did I mention the ASU crowd that frequents this location??
3	I used to be full-on fan of this location, but because it's so close to ASU, it gets extremely crowded at various times of the day.  That's most frustrating part, trying to predict a pleasant time to train.  If you are in your 20's or 30's, you'll love this place. if you're middle aged, good luck.  The crowd is just too young for me.  Too high school.The club is almost 2 years old, and it's state of the art in its equipment, features and layout.  It's also one of the only Phoenix area locations that actually is open 24 hours.  I'm still a member, but usually go to Tempe, or utilize a Gold's as an alternative.
5	This gym is probably one of the best maintained 24HR Fitness's that I have seen in awhile.  They have pretty much everything you could want in a gym, even a pool,a sauna and steam room.  Which you don't really find in many 24HR Fitness's.  The staff is very helpful and kind, it's pretty much an awesome gym.
4	This is how I'll rank my 24 hour fitness experiences and will be ranked - hotness (true eye workout), hottt (pleasing eye workout) and spicy (eye workout)... yea yea i'm shallow. This ladies, gays, and gents is what happens if ASU decided to open a corporate gym you end up with 24 hour fitness at Riverview. It seems at times during peak periods that the ASU greeks, kens and barbies come out in force to "workout" or workout and be around their kind. This gym is the first in many years that I felt intimitated by not having that hot bod, no, this isn't just hot bod central, this is the gym you avoid if you're trying to melt away the fat and keep to your nye resolution. Anywho the gym itself is a gem mainly coz it's still pretty new and has really nice equipment, it's organized, has cool ellipticals and weight machines and just looks visually nice. So, with nice machines, hot bods, it makes the eye workout so enjoyable that it's a treat during my cardio days. lol. Oh and it's rank - HOTNESS!
4	Great 24hr Fitness and one of the better looking ones I've been too.  This is a brand new facility with brand new equipment.  Its a great gym for a quick workout.  I have tried the BodyPump class and I wasn't too impressed with the instructor.  The instructor had to follow the routine from the book and she wasn't very enthusiastic.  Overall I like this gym since its somewhat on my way from home.  I never have to wait to use any of the cardio or weight equipment.
4	Very nice facility, it is still rather new so everything is in clean and orderly shape. I will upgrade it to a 5 star when they add more classes. Yoga/Pilates and Zumba are TOO FULL!!! They have enough people to fill up two classes as is, not to mention I'm sure there are people that don't go just because it is full.
5	Got my 10 day free pass! Very cool.
1	I would like to start out by saying I've been a member of this gym for over 4 years and just recently canceled my membership. This gym started out terrific! It was always clean, not super crowded and everything was NEW! If something broke it was always fixed in a timely manor. There always used to be cleaning people around wiping down the machines, now there is no one. Recently, things that break take weeks to get repaired or just are taken away all together without being replaced, leaving awkward gaps. The cubbies in the front never work, and fill up fast leaving you to carry your stuff around, unless you bring your own lock for the mens/womans locker rooms. One of the worst parts is their air conditioning. I don't know about you but when I go to they gym I don't like to be sweaty before I even start working out. I would go at 5 AM and the temperature would already be pushing 85 degrees. This makes it obnoxious to use in the summer months. I mentioned this to the staff everyday for my last 3 weeks. Some of the staff would say "oh..I'll ask the janitor to look into it." some would say "well the thermostat says 79 here in the front.", I don't even keep my house at 85. If your a person who likes to work out after work good luck finding parking here or even a machine to use. This place gets PACKED from 4-8pm, which sends the temperature at the gym into the upper 80's. GROSS! You literally have to park in a different parking lot, and have to wait to use an elliptical/treadmill, and your lucky if the machine you get on even works properly. OVERCROWDED TO THE MAX! The bonus side of this gym: They offer free child care and free classes. I have never used the child care because I don't have children but it's pretty nice that they offer it. I think you can only go during certain hours because whenever I was there I always heard them announcing that the child care was closing. I would double check before going. The classes are free but I never actually went to any because you have to sign up weeks in advance since they fill up quickly. Overall, I think 24 hour has potential but they need to focus more on client happiness and be less membership sell happy.
2	I have been a member for almost 2 years and never had a problem with finding a group x class to fit my schedule or experienced over crowding in the main area. However, times have changed in the past 4 months. Zumba classes are becoming over-crowded. It is maxed out way over the building fire code and they don't enforce it. If you are in line early, it doesn't matter. You will get pushed back into the corner as people arrive late and crowd up the space. There are no ceiling fans and it gets hot and very humid and thick. They need to add more classes or enforce the "limited space" and do first come, first serve. I don't pay a membership to not be able to access all the features and not get an effective workout.I left class early today because I had no where to move, I was bumping into people, couldn't see the instructor, and was feeling a heat stroke coming on, though I was properly hydrating myself. It was torture, not fun like it use to be. I wasn't even at the class that was at the busiest time of day!The other day my friend had to leave because they were short staffed and the Kids Club was filled up. If it is during Zumba, you can guarantee it's going to be busy for kids too. They should have staffed the area properly.I feel my money would be best suited at a private studio rather than a gym.
2	This is a fairly good gym. The showers are boiling in the summer, freezing in the winter. They are also a little moldy on the sides of the showers (they only clean the floors and not the sides.)Other than that - the gym is very nice. The workout facilities are very good, the court is nice and the aerobic area is open during the day. They also have a day care that I have not used, but it looks fairly nice.
3	It's a decent facility and is open for the most part 24 hours in living up to the name. I think they only close for half the day on Thanksgiving or some such. Staff is friendly and helpful, a big plus in my book. Only trainer I worked with is Zach but I would recommend him to anyone. Plenty of parking once you learn there is more parking on the east side of the building. Plus it's next door to a sporting goods store so if you need a new pair of swim goggles or exercise gear, you've got a full size retail outlet without even getting back in the car. This location only gets three stars though because of its drawbacks. It is beyond overcrowded at peak times (forget about using dumbbells after work). Broken equipment has gone unrepaired for 5+ weeks. The elliptical trainers are poorly maintained. Most importantly, the AC is insufficient for an exercise facility. I sweat my brain out exercising here and if it's going to be that hot I may as well be outside getting some vitamin D in my system. As a gym, it's better than most, but in terms of value for money, it could be better. Recommended for those who work or live nearby, and those who prefer to work out at odd hours.
4	Not to bad a club, the front desk girls are allways nice, the equipment is new enough and it's got everything you need.It's pretty new to which makes for a good environment to workout in.
1	This gym does not even deserve one star. Not only are the gym staff rude, so are managers, and child care staff. The child care staff, with the exception of one person (Diane), are all worthless and should not be working with children. I realize it does not take any brains or skill to work at a corporate gym. After today we will not be returning.
4	wow! what an upgrade from LA Fitness.. with that being said, you can already tell this review will be positive. I recently re-joined 24 hour fitness, after breaking off my membership back in early 2010 after moving away from home. I join LA fitness last January, and was less than satisfied with the broken equipment and that meatheads that seemed to frequent the south Scottsdale location. Man what a nice ass gym, It's free weights and machines are all located next to each other and not scattered around everywhere. The cardio machines are in great condition and It was not super crowded where you felt the need to shorten up your workout.Staff was friendly and not pushy like LA Fitness.. and Lockerrooms are clean.Basically, this is a nice new facility that anybody would be comfortable working out at and its close to my school so thats also a MAJOR plus!4 STARS
4	I've read through the reviews and I'll start with what I agree with. Peak times - don't even bother. I either go sometime between 10-3 afternoon or wait until 8:30-9 PM to go, which can be extremely inconvenient.Showers - Been there for two years now, and either they are ice cold or hot, seems like no matter which way you turn the valve from hot or cold you get the water they have in the pipes. Sometimes the smell of mold or sewer as well, not overbearing but could be addressed.Late spring early summer through early fall - way too hot, a better AC unit is a must.Other than that, when it's not busy it has everything you need, a large gym, fairly new (have you seen some of the 24 hour dumps in So Cal) this looks like an oasis compared to them, swimming pool, sauna, steam room, spin class, aerobics room, basketball court, an area with mats and steps for stretching and core workouts etc (not sure what this room is called). I've always found the staff to be very friendly welcoming you and most will say goodbye on your way out as well.For the price and 24 hour access it beats LA Fitness and Lifetime 100%
4	Lets just start by saying I am very glad i made the transition to 24 hour fitness. I was at La Fitness for a while and was getting tired of all the broken equipment and the lack of care about the weights being spread out all over the gym. 24 Hour Fitness staff is constantly making sure the place is looking clean and organized. It does get a little packed during peak hours like all gyms do but the best part is its open 24 hours. If you don't feel like fighting for the equipment you can always go at a later or earlier time. If you feel like people watching between workouts then you can go at peak hours. This is a very nice gym and I am glad I left LA Fitness for this place.
3	I just recently joined this gym because my boyfriend has a membership. When I joined, most of the lockers were broken, but they just installed new ones--so thats an improvement. The only other thing that I can think of that isn't good---is the limited parking. Its almost impossible to find a spot close by if you go in after 5pm on weekdays---especially Mondays. However, I like the experience so far, all the staff seems nice. I like the variety of machines they have, but I have noticed that none of the staff are ever cleaning the machines. If you use a machine, you are pretty much responsible for cleaning it up, which is fine with me, but it'd be nice If I know that all people cleaned the machine after each use (before I begin to use it). The other thing I noticed, was in the weight area, weights would be laying around everywhere because people would just leave them and go on to another machine. I didn't see any staff member walking around and cleaning up after anyone, which kinda turns me away. I think they need more staff walking around, keeping an eye out and keeping up with maintanence of the gym. I'll continue to go because I like to workout, but I think that they need to improve in certain areas.ALSO THE YOGA MATS ARE GROSS! Please get new ones...
4	I absolutely hated how vain the people were at LA Fitness at the South Scottsdale location.  People here tend to stick to themselves more, and don't really bother with what other people are doing.  Weights are plentiful, although sometimes you will have to wait during the afternoon rush, and in almost all circumstances, you will have to wait for treadmills.  But, if you go in the morning it's fantastic.  Basketball court is a full court, with plenty of people playing on most weekdays, a nice group fitness class room for the ladies to do Zumba and whatever else they do, and a general area for X-training/abs, etc.  Staff is friendly and helpful as well.
4	I've been a serious lifter for 14 years and a member of this 24 Hr for 1 1/2 years.Overall its pretty good. I train right at the peak time of 6PM and with the exception of the odd time not having an open treadmill for me right when I want it I rarely have an issue getting the equipment I need. It's kept pretty clean and the equipment is maintained well. Rates are reasonable and the front desk staff are very friendly. Huge lot so there's spots even at the busy times, you just might have to walk a little bit. Oh and not gonna lie. a ton of ASU scenery is easy on the eyes ;)Here's the negatives: Never any paper towel in the locker room, at least 5 treadmills are down every day, dumbbells stop at 120lbs (not an issue for most people), and it's pretty hot in the summer months (although I don't mind that since a cold gym is hard on your muscles when you're going really heavy), lots of goofy little ASU dudes who cut up their t-shirts into string bikinis to show their non-existent muscles will make you laugh and trip on the treadmill.
5	I've been a member at this location for about a year and a half now, and it's always been a great place for my husband and I to go and work out. There's lots of equipment, which mean that wait times -- when you actually HAVE to wait, which is infrequent -- are short, in particular for the cardio machines. I've been at other gyms where the line for the treadmills moves forward at about the rate grass grows, but there's none of that nonsense here.The locker room (I can only testify for the women's, of course), the main weight room, the class rooms, and the pool are kept incredibly neat, so I've never felt that hygiene was an issue. And the team members here are super nice, going out of their way to recognize gym-goers and to greet them by name.Speaking of the team members being awesome, my husband and I both REALLY enjoy the Body Pump classes that are offered here, in particular the ones hosted by Rebecca. She's amazingly fun, and super goofy. I find myself smiling all the way through my workout, even if that smile sometimes edges toward a grimace of exertion. hehe. We love you, Rebecca!
4	So I have to say, for the most part, I like this gym. I like the array of classes they offer and they do have special class events as well. Although, I wish they had more during the weekends. The staff is friendly and helpful. The hours are awesome cause it lets someone like me and my erratic sleep schedule get in at random times of the day/night to get my workout on. It does get busy at the predictable times and you can have to wait for some machines when that happens. But I find that when that happens, I can just go grab free weights. I did notice that they changed the layout a bit in one area (I don't know when that happened, maybe I just lack powers of observations since I usually go for classes and then I chuck those deuces) and I have to say I'm not a fan of that. I am already self conscious when I'm at the gym so to have me doing my floor work and ab work in front of people using machines is something I don't love.
5	Brand new gym! Everything is new, nice and clean, upscale membership (located in a nice part of town), plenty of machines, water fountains, the dumbbells are smartly arranged so that there is some low weight ones in the extremes and in the middle of the wall and not just on one end. The locker rooms are a bit small (and the topRow is super tall) but still ok. The pool and spa area is also very nice, although a bit bright! Not-as-bright lighting would be nice, like the one on Camelback. The steam room is nice and clean and still smells like nothing ( like new) as opposed to that wet dog smell on the older ones. Overall one of the best 24 hr fitness I've been to - tied with the Balboa Super Sport in San Diego.
3	I have been a 24 Hour Fitness member for about eight months. I will be cancelling my membership this month to use a new gym closer to work. The gym itself is always kept clean, and the wait times are minimal. But, at peak hours there are wait times for cardio equipment and select benches/weights. My main gripe with this gym is the lazy administrative staff. Apart from the manager that signed me up, the remaining administrative staff refuse to even acknowledge your presence on most occasions. I once waited over ten minutes to have a single yes/no question answered because the five staff members were unable to take time from their personal conversation to help me. On another occasion, I asked a question regarding a machine and I was treated like a burden. The classes and personal trainers seem attentive, although I didn't utilize them.All-in-all the gym is nice, the personal trainers helpful, and the equipment perfect. But, the admin staff needs to be fired or taught some basic customer service skills.
2	Really disappointed in 24 Hour Fitness. I've been a customer for 3-4 years and after a few experiences with some of the trainers and clientele, I've decided that leaving the club and going with another gym that is actually closer to work and home was a better option. I tried cancelling my membership on Friday at this location and was advised it would take a manager, between the hours of 8-5 to do so otherwise I could go online anytime to cancel. This weekend, Sunday, I decided to go ahead and cancel my membership and when visiting the 'cancel membership' link on my login- it directed me to call an 866 number. 1) Don't direct me to a site when you know it's going to make me call a # 2) I called the number and sat on hold for 20+minutes with no response.I hung up to call back my Dobson 24 Hour fitness location to talk to member services. I told the young lady the issues I had - my schedule doesn't permit me to come into the location between the hours, the site doesn't allow for cancellation and the number has had me on hold for 20+ minutes- Why couldn't I cancel my membership without a manager when I've clearly signed up for my membership without one, and have changed my billing multiple times without one. Her response, "You can ask corporate when you call and get through to them." You could say I more than perturbed at this point with the customer service. I was a fan of the gym for awhile but the customer service as a whole is less than par and distills why I am taking my business else where.
5	I love the open area feel of this 24 Hour Fitness location. All the equipment is laid out in one very large floor area. The cardio equipment are located right after the front desk. Then after that, the middle section is filled with stationary weights. The latter part of the facility is filled with free weights. Adding to the  open area theme of the place is a high ceilings\ with lots of bright lighting. The ceiling has kind of a warehouse feel to it, but not grungy like an actual warehouse. As you first pass the front desk, over to the right is the kid's club, which looks really large. I didn't really go in...no kids, so no reason to look further than the front door. After that are the women's and men's locker rooms. I really like the cherry wood colored lockers and the cleanliness in the locker room as well as the entire facility. I also like how the locker room isn't just one large room with aisles of lockers. Past the lockers is the swimming pool. The swimming pool area is a little smaller than the other 24 Hour Fitness Sport locations around the Valley that I'm familiar with. I believe it only has three lanes and not much more room around the perimeter. I haven't actually gotten through the door yet so can't comment much about it. The left side of the facility has a pretty large warm-up area  with a rack of free weights and two multi-purpose cable stations. I don't recall exactly, but I think the free weights go as far up as 30 lbs, but maybe even a little higher. I think adding the weights in the warm-up area is a really nice touch. In addition, I noticed medicine balls, some kettle bells maybe going as far up as 8 lbs, bosu balls, swiss balls, and warm-up mats. After the warm-up area is a spin room, which I didn't go into and a basketball court, which I believe is used for classes sometimes. I know this facility is only about 4 years old so 24 had the opportunity to build it the way the wanted it to look like. Many of the other 24  Hour Fitness locations around the Valley were acquired through another club. I think 24 did a really great job with how they arranged everything. It's a very different experience from their other locations and I enjoy going here.
1	Aren't businesses supposed to want your money/clientele?  It's really annoying that I drove all the way there with my 3 day pass to try this place out based on some good reviews and the lady at the front desk wouldn't even let me in because my ID has my old Tucson address.  Really Lady?  Obviously I just moved here and would have loved to make this my new Phoenix gym, but now no.
4	The mesa Dobson location is the only 24 hour fitness I have been so far that I actually liked the gym.  The others are run down compared to Lifetime.  They need help
1	**The comment by 24 hour fitness staff on this review was kind but the staff member failed to follow through. I haven't heard back from him or anyone at 24 hour fitness (but I have received numerous annoying text message and phone call marketing contacts).***I was really disappointed with my experience at this particular 24 Hour Fitness Location this afternoon. When I arrived I was greeted by smiling faces at the front counter and I informed them that I had filled out their FREE 3-Day Pass online. The associates guided me to a computer screen when I answered a few questions and entered in my information. A second associate then approached me and said she was going to give me a tour. I said okay great! I followed her around as she showed me the different parts of the gym and overall it was a pleasant experience....until we walked in to their sales area where she told me they had a special on family memberships (I had told her I was meeting a friend who had a membership there to play some basketball). I himmed and hawwed for a minute and said no thanks I'm not interested in a membership RIGHT THIS SECOND (mind you...I walked in the door about 2 minutes prior to this). She then said, "Okay, so you are just here to play basketball?" and I replied "ummm, yes?" hoping it would get me away from this awkward sales pitch where she was just staring at me when I said I wasn't currently interested. Instead, she then said "Okay, well since you are here just to play basketball you will have to pay our $10.00 one day pass" our associate at the front desk will help you. Then she walked me to the front and said he needs to pay the $10 and walked away. I was very confused as I had just signed up to receive emails/mail/marketing phone calls from you and in turn a free 3-day pass. The associate at the front desk said that there was a clause saying they could nullify the 3-day pass at their discretion which they do if you are just there to play basketball. I was confused to I went back to my car to get my wallet to pay 10$ to use my free 3day pass and proceeded to play basketball for a few hours.I am new to Arizona (just got my new Arizona Drivers License today actually) and this is the closest gym to where I live. I'm probably going to go out of my way to "Just play basketball" somewhere else where they aren't time-share salesman. Honestly, I would have gladly just paid the $10 day pass but when you are presented the free 3-Day pass why not right? Here is the exact text from their email/website "*Pass is good for 3 consecutive days, beginning on your first day of usage at a club. Pass good at multiple locations. User must not have been a guest or member of 24 Hour Fitness within the last 6 months. Photo ID required. Local residents only. No other discounts can be used with this offer. Must be at least 18 years old (19 in NE) or 12 with parent. Personal Training available to members only for an additional fee. Kids' Club, Pilates Reformer and class reservations available for additional fee. Incentives offered for memberships. Facilities and amenities vary. Not all clubs open 24 hours. Not for re-sale or transfer. No cash value. Offer may expire without prior notice. See club for details. By providing your personal contact information, you are giving express consent to be contacted and/or receive marketing communication by direct mail, telephone, pre-recorded message, text message, instant message and other means, from or on behalf of 24 Hour Fitness. 2013 24 Hour Fitness USA, Inc."So...instead of signing of for a membership (which I was probably going to do at some point) I am going to get a membership somewhere else and put your social media/yelp/etc. on blast for your bait and switch. Happy Tuesday.
2	Quit going after two years here. Female manger is beyond rude. You may notice her, she looks like the evil witch from the wizard of Oz, huge pointed nose.Kept me from working out even though I was still under contract. Place is now dirty, and over crowded. Save your cash and join a gym that actually cares about its members. Call it 24 hour calculator because to them you are just another number.Two stars,
5	This place changed my life.  I lost 60 pounds by going here.  The staff are friendly and there is a wide variety of equipment to use.  The managers are friendly.  I love the fact that it's 24 hours because that means it's never really super packed because everybody comes during different times and there's no mad rush at 5-6pm like most gyms.  Locker rooms are a bit small, but other than that, this is the place to be if you want to shed those pounds!
4	This location is one of the better 24 Hours in the valley. Most of the equipment works and the gym lockers are pretty nice too. The TVs are good size and most of the headphone jacks work. The staff refuses to change channels though and just gives exercisers the remote. The remote does not work easily and I spent about 5 minutes trying to change a channel.Update: Izzy's body combat classes on Saturdays and Mondays are the best workout ever!!!
2	general Staff is nice... HOWEVER, management is VERY RUDE... I had a membership, I don't anymore !
5	The best of all the 24 hour gyms!!I like this gym a lot, the setup is nice, it is a large facility, and the locker rooms and showers are nice and private. I visit this gym the most and have never had a complaint about. Granted their are time the treadmills don't work, but I think that is the case for all gyms and can't always be a fault of the gym. Personally, I think when treadmills and machines are down for long periods of time, it is due to people being too lazy or annoyed to report it, not the gym taking a long time to fix it.This gym has a lot of classes as well for all fitness levels, and the teachers are all really great people. This is definitely a great place to reach your fitness goals.
5	This is the best 24 HF I have been to in AZ. Very clean, great equipment and plenty of space. The volume of "lockers with free locks" is great. This gym can get crowded when the afternoon / evening crowd arrives (5PM - 7PM).
4	Well, I guess it's about time I review this place.When I wanted a gym membership after moving back to AZ I knew I was either gonna pick here or LA Fitness because I wanted the flexibility to use multiple locations. 24 Hour Fitness was offering a better deal at the time so I chose it, and this location is closest to my house (and it's really not THAT close), so this is where you'll usually find me 3-4 mornings per week. From a pure gym perspective I like it. It's spacious, clean, lots of equipment & the staff is friendly, but not pushy (I've been to gyms where the personal trainers wander around on their down time trying to get patrons to sign up for training sessions, but I've never had that happen here). The locker rooms are nice, clean, and big & I like that this gym has a pool, jacuzzi, sauna & steam room. Honestly, I know these sorts of things are pretty standard at the large chain gyms in the Phoenix area, but I used to belong to Crunch in San Francisco for 4 years (which I LOVED), where these amenities just didn't exist there.I usually come early mornings to workout, and although it's not too crowded, there's more people working out than you'd expect. I'm used to any gym I've had a membership at in the past being pretty dead before 8 o'clock but there's a pretty steady stream of people here. You don't have to wait for treadmills, but you might have to adjust your workout around the availability of other machines. The one complaint I have about this 24 Hour Fitness (and honestly, this is a complaint about ALL 24 Hour's in the Phoenix area) is the class schedule. IMO their isn't enough offered early mornings during the week. There's spin & that's it (and even then there's only one class offered ridiculously early). Also, I think it's kind of ridiculous that 24 Hour charges for "towel service," but at the end of the day you might be better off bringing your own linens anyway...
2	This is an ok facility for the cost. No towel service, but plenty of equipment.
1	Kid club is not properly staffed. Second time in a week that my work out is delayed due to under staffed. They should have every staff member certified to work the kids club. This BS, I am paying for this amazing service too.  And this only my first week. Lucky me no contract.
4	As far as i'm concerned, this location is solid. The facility is enormous, and it is always in immaculate condition. I normally go during the evening, so it's usually a bit quieter during those hours. The staff is always friendly, and if I ever need a tip for working out a specific body part they are very helpful with addressing any inquiries that I might have. I guess my only complaint is the weird plates they have. I don't like how they have the flat edges because it gets awkward when i'm doing power cleans and other olympic style lifts that start from the floor. Besides that, this place is A-OK.
4	I got a 3 day pass to this gym about a month ago and I loved it ! It was close to my house and the facility was very clean . The place is a nice size , and had lots of equipment. It did start to get busier and though a lot of equipment was taken up , there was enough for me and my friend to get on any machines without waiting . I loved the sauna , the equipment, and weights . The people were very friendly and there were no obnoxious gym heads there . The only con to this gym was one of the employees who gave us the tour and talked to us about memberships was so pushy that he made my friend and I pretty uncomfortable. He basically signed us up for memberships then casually asked if we were paying debit or credit as if we actually agreed to it. My friend literally had to explain to him that she had other financial obligations to take care of first, just for him to understand she couldn't afford it right at that moment. We hadn't even gotten the chance to check out the gym yet (they make you take the your before you use the pass). Besides that , the gym was amazing . I'm definitely getting a membership through Costco .
2	The wait for a squat rack is ridiculous, suggested they get some more but to no avail.
5	It seems appropriate that my 500th review should be for a gym because when I'm not at home or work, the gym is probably where you will find me.This 24 Hour Fitness is the nicest one I have ever seen. It probably helps that it was built from the ground up as a 24 Hour, and not retrofitted from another gym or another type of business. The gym itself is huge, with plenty of equipment even when it gets crowded. There are row upon row of cardio machines, weight machines, free weights, etc. There is a large Group X room with lots of equipment and sufficient weights, risers, and pads for even the largest classes. They have a separate spin room so that the bikes don't take up space in the other room. There is a full size basketball court with what looks to be some very competitive games happening at all times. There's a lap pool, jacuzzi, sauna, and steam room. The locker room is well appointed with plenty of space, nice big lockers, good showers and toilet facilities.The people that work here are very nice and helpful. You can find personal trainers who specialize in everything from bodybuilding competitions to running clubs and they have an excellent selection of group exercise classes to take.I should note that because this gym is located close to ASU, the bro factor can be high which may turn some people off. But really, if you just concentrate on your own workout it's nothing to worry about. Just go hard and next thing you know one of the bro's may be asking you for a spot.So if you're looking for a nice gym, check out 24 Hour Fitness at Mesa Riverfront. It's worth the drive.
