2	Unfortunately for those who work within the walls of the DES main building, there are not a lot of options, there are not a lot of decent places around to eat without driving.  This place is mediocre on a good day and is also very overpriced.  I don't know of many other places that will nickel and dime you for condiment packets and plastic silverware. Their grill items are greasy, the salad bar is boring without much variety, the pizza is tasteless, and the burgers are cooked the night before and left in a pan of water then heated up when ordered.  I actually got ill a couple years ago here, and then after some things I saw behind the cook line I filed a health department complaint, but I don't think it has helped.So, if you're in the neighborhood, beware.
3	I gave my 3 stars due to the lack of assembly line I'm used to in a normal cafeteria.  My elementary school was more organized than this place.  It was so busy with no guidelines showing people where the line starts and ends.  (Hate that).  You have people waiting 3 different lines for the same cook...  You also have people getting upset because since they took long to order people pretty much cut in front of them... I ordered a roast beef sandwich for $4.. The food was ok but could have been better.  The sitting area was nice with outdoor seating... Since I love to people watch it was fun.  Will I come back again?  Probably not- unless I really had to.
2	Below average food above average prices.  Order a pizza once but the cardboard box tasted better.  Cashier is friendly but that does not help other the food.  Burger patties are precooked.  Not sure if I would purchase one.  On Thursday they sell sub sandwiches they are not too bad.
3	Believe it or not, of all the capitol cafeterias Vals is the best.  It's like a food court combined with a convenience store.  It has ample seating, outdoor seating, and sells more than salad and hot meals.  You can also pick up lottery tickets, fresh popped corn, fruit, coffee, ice cream, candy bars, peanuts, chips, donuts, cookies, custard, and more.  The food is for folks who don't mind eating just average meals.  There's a small serve yourself salad bar and three stations for food.  At one, all the frying happens.  At another they serve the light daily "specials" like personal pizzas, greek salad, mexican fiesta bowl, and sub sandwiches.  The third is for daily soups and heavy entrees like fried chicken, lasagne, fish that are served with a side of potatoes, cole slaw, or veggies.Average cost for a full lunch will set you back about $7.  Clean up begins at 2 pm and the place is shut down at 3 pm.
