5	Hole in the wall burrito joint with the BEST beer-muchies burritos!  Super combo with everything and sour creme.
4	I believe this was the original "burritos as big as your head" spot, now practically a conglomerate.  If your eyes are bigger than your stomach, god help you, but most average-sized people will be sated.  I was full after half a burrito.  There was something missing spice-wise in the preparation, but the end result still had decent flavor.
4	"The late night Mexican place" in Champaign. You think you wait in long lines in Chicago try coming to this place on a Saturday night at 3am!!! The food of course is your typical fast food Mexican but it's still good. The chips and salsa are my fav.
4	How many La Bamba's are there out there now?  I dunno, but this was the first one!  It all started here ...From a drunken-college-student-perspective, this is good solid food at 2:30 am, after a long night of drinking and dancing.  I kid you not, a friend of mine once ate two La Bamba super burritos in one sitting -- each one BIGGER THAN YOUR HEAD!But, from a hey-I-graduated-fifteen-years-ago perspective, I still think it's good food.  Granted, I haven't had a La Bamba's in years, but I recall that they had exceptionally tasty hot sauce.
3	Oh dear. First of all, yes, the burritos are enormous. Not quite as big as my head, but definitely as big as a venti frappuccino, and much more filling. This was not the first La Bamba, as asserted. It was the first one in Champaign, but the chain started elsewhere. This place is open late into the night, and that is the best reason to go there. In daylight, there are better choices. That said, I still get a hankering for these sometimes. Fortunately I live in the land of great burritos now. Yay burritos!
4	Great tacos de asada. I guess the nachos are pretty good too, but i stick to what i know best. The best drunk food on campus. Much better than any of the Bamba's in Chicago.
5	I ate here at their grand opening when they used to be next to a mens clothing storeI was 12I said when I grow up, I wanna go to school HERE.Boy, was I wrong.
4	I don't typically eat here during the day, but late nights?  Hells yeah!Because it's so so close to Green St., it's generally fairly busy come 2am on Thursday/Friday/Saturday nights, but the line to order food somehow is never long (finding somewhere to sit can be a little tricky at times).  They advertise as having "burritos the size of your head" and have some better than decent Americanized Mexican food.It is a little bit more expensive than I'd ideally like to pay (well, ideally I'd like to pay nothing...), but all in all a great place to get some late night drunk food.  I personally always go for their super nachos (my mouth's watering just thinking about them) and their staff has always been very nice, quick with my order, and funny - they love teasing me for the fact I know no Spanish (took 4 years of Latin in high school instead) by telling me I owe them treinta (30) when it only comes out to $6.01!  Haha, but they're just messing around, so don't worry, they're not trying to take advantage of poor drunk college kids.Oh, and $.99 tacos on Tuesdays for lunch!  Niiice.
4	The food's greasy and really isn't a good combination with alcohol unless you have a really good book in the bathroom.Nevertheless I still crave the chicken salad once in a while.  I would get it with all the fix'ns:  chihuahua cheese, peppers, sour cream, avocado (not guac... avocado :) ), extra hot sauce... (which they make fresh, btw) I never thought that I'd miss this place, but man I do.  I've had few dishes at any Mexican place that I've enjoyed as much as their chicken salad.Oh and if you do get the chicken salad, get it to go.  You get waaaaay more.
4	Some of the unhealthiest food you'll eat, but man is it good!  The ingredients are fresh and delicious.  The prices are pretty fair considering how filling the food is.The best part about the place it that it defies what you think a burrito stand will be.  It is, without a doubt, the cleanest restaurant I've ever seen.  It has an open kitchen so you can see how everything sparkles.  The floors are spotless and,after a long night of drinking, I'd be totally cool with eating off of them.
2	This place is awful. The only thing that bamba's has is that it is open late enough that if you are drunk, you may eat it.  Just NEVER during the day. I got massive food poisoning from here. The only reason it gets two stars is because it really is a part of campus nostalgia. Everyone knows bambas.
4	Not as good as I remember when I was a kid (much more grease over the past couple of years), but still a place everyone should experience. Their hot sauce is the BEST!! My husband asked why they didn't sell it by the bottle. Apparently, it is made from all fresh ingredients. To bottle it would ruin the flavor because of all of the preservatives. Bummer, because now I live in California and can only dream about the burritos!
3	One of my fave go-to places after a night out on Green St.  Sometimes waiting in line was even more fun than going out - made friends in line, saw people throwing up, passing out, getting in fights.  Never go in the daytime though, the only respectable time to go is when the bars close and you're craving Mexican food.Two words - SUPER NACHOS.  Steak is the best.  They put a bunch of toppings on there, it's well worth the money to get the super nachos.  YUM.  The best part is the CHEESE - it's this delicious white melty cheese they plop on top.  If it weren't for the cheese, we would never go to La Bamba's.
2	While the value is pretty good, the burritos are not really that huge (come on people, be real) and their quality is very low. Every type of meat I've had there has been dry and stringy; the beef in particular was barely edible. The burritos sometimes aren't even assembled that solidly, which may be due to the size, but still they shouldn't fall apart and have such a messy puddle of dripping in the bottom of every wrapper. I've been here 3 times and I'm never going back. It's a step above generic Americanized places like Qdoba and Chipotle, but it's still really, really low quality food for drunk people who can't tell the difference. Go to Los Amigos if you want decent Mexican food on Green Street.
3	Super.  Nachos.That's all you need to know.  Sure, the burritos are (almost) as big as your head, but who wants a cabeza-sized burrito?  Super nachos loaded with steak, white cheese, lettuce, tomato, sour cream...mmmm, that's all you need.  I have fond college memories of coming here drunk at 2 A.M.  Everyone else is drunk too, which can be either hilarious or obnoxious.  One time, two of my girlfriends and I were accosted inside by three VERY sketchy guys, one of whom was MISSING AN EYE.  That should probably tell you something about the late night environment.
5	Went to Champaign over the weekend, was VERY disappointed to find that La Bamba has closed permanently.
4	Really good burritos "as big as your head". Ate at this place many times back in the day. On a recent trip back to Champaign I was disappointed to find that it was closed :(
