4	Stacy London and Clinton Kelly say that we shouldn't expect to find clothes off the rack that fit us perfectly.  At least this is what I remind myself time and time again while I am shopping and getting frustrated because things are too long or too snug in certain areas.In search for a great pair of black pants for work, I tried on many, many pairs of pants.  Finally found one that fit great except for extra two inches of material under my feet.  I was tired, I was over-shopped (yes, it does happen), and I decided to look on the bight-side.  I had found my pants and all they needed was a little alteration.The next weekend I took them to Kathy's Alterations which is located in Legend Dry Cleaners.  I should have know better than to go that weekend, it was the weekend before PROM and Kathy was a little swamped by teenage girls.  Also, I learned from the girl behind the counter that fittings are "By appointment only" and I hadn't made an appointment.  Bummer.  So I made an appointment to come by later in the week and the girl reminded me to bring shoes with the same heel that I would normally wear with these pants so we could get the length right.  Good reminder!When I did come back, Kathy let me into a little room to change into my too-long pants.  The room is covered in pictures from clients past and served as visuals of all the great work she has done.  When she returned, she was very friendly and chatty and made me feel totally comfortable while she pinned up my pants to where she thought they would look best for me.  She answered all of my questions and let me know when I could pick them up.I just got them back the other day and I love them.  The length is perfect and I can't wait to wear them to work.  Stacy and Clinton are right!  A few extra dollars can make it much more enjoyable to wear clothes that fit great!!  Thanks Kathy!
5	By far...The best in Ahwatukee
2	I found Kathy's from yelp.  I love to support local businesses and she was really friendly on the phone.  I only had a few pairs of jeans to tailor to the right length.   Kathy was great.....very friendly and chatty.But, I got 6 pairs of jeans back......and every single one was too long or too short.  I spent $150 on tailoring and I ended up having to bring them to someone else.  I'm not sure how you screw up on jeans.....seems pretty basic.If you're having anything major done, like wedding or prom related, I would not recommend Kathy.  ouch, sorry to say that...but to mess up on simple jeans is not a good sign for anything major.I'm giving it 2 stars just because how nice Kathy was....but for business overall it's like a 1 star.  sorry
5	Kathy has always done amazing alterations for me!  I'm 5 foot tall so all of my clothes are too long and I bring them all to her.  I have never had one complaint.  I love Kathy!
5	I've been going to Kathy's for year. She has altered many pairs of pants, tailored shirts, and altered numerous dresses. She books people in quick 15 minutes appointments, so go in knowing a bit about what you want. She is quick and her pricing is manageable. She also great with working in the time frame that you need it in.
5	Kathy is extremely friendly a good at what she does.I had her alter my daughter's prom dress. Everything went smoothly--Kathy was well aware of the timelines involved in the various area proms and made sure everything happened in a timely manner. She was very nice to me and my daughter, and made sure to explain appropriate things to each of us.Make sure you call ahead if you decide to use her services! I think she works by fitting appointment only, and only on certain days of the week.
5	Kathy is located inside my favorite LEGENDS Cleaners so its a two-for one errand stopover!I can drop off my dry cleaning bag at night, include a little bag of stuff for Kathy with instructions, and its "magically" ready when I pick up my dry cleaning (pay separately).Friendly, helpful, timely and professional.  All of the items I have had repaired or altered were done right the first time.  Now, if I could just get stuff to quit shrinking in my Closet.........Ha!
5	The best part about Kathy's is that it is both a Dry Cleaners and also Alterations. She is fast, professional and my pants were done on time. Can you ask for much else? Oh yeah, they were altered correctly the first time. You can stop looking, just go here.
5	I decided to try Kathy out of sheer laziness.  My previous tailor is in Chandler, and I live in Ahwatukee, and Kathy is in Ahwatukee.  So I gave Kathy a shot.SO GLAD I did!She fixed up a shirt for my hubby, and shortened two pairs of very expensive jeans for me, cause I'm a bit vertically challenged.  Everything came out perfect!Couldn't be happier.  Kathy allows me to look great and be lazy!
5	I brought in a pair of mens Hockey pants that I needed some custom work done on. I gave her the description of what I needed done over the phone. Not only did she get it right, she got it PERFECT! Thank you Kathy for your great work.
5	I went to Kathy at the last minute to have my wedding dress altered for my November 1st wedding. I had dropped four dress sizes since buying my wedding gown, so it needed to be significantly altered. I was very nervous because there was no time left to buy a new gown if there were any problems with the alteration, and the dress was very expensive with a lot of delicate bead work and tulle in it. Not only did Kathy re-size the dress to fit perfectly, but the bustle that she added was very easy to use (it was color coded!) and it didn't fall down once the entire night! This review is way overdue and I can't thank Kathy enough for what a wonderful job she did. She was super friendly and easy to work with, and she was kind enough to squeeze me in when most alterations places would have turned me away. This lady knows what she's doing, and I can't give her a big enough recommendation!
5	Kathy is amazing!  She has been helping our family with every type of alteration from boys' suits, men's suits, dress shirts, dresses (for my daughters and my wife) for years. And she has saved us last minute at times. In all the years we have trusted her she is batting .1000.  Great personality, great customer service, and fantastic alterations. If you are looking for someone that knows her stuff, start with Kathy's Alterations.
5	Kathy did the alterations on my pretty intricate lace wedding dress and was wonderful to work with. She was very friendly, patient, knowledge and great at her craft. She took her time with each appointment to ensure the dress was perfect. The final product was stunning and I couldn't be happier. Thanks Kathy!
