3	Tried Pasta Pomodoro last night - was recommended by the couple who joined us.  We were actually going for the happy hour - half priced appetizers - but missed it by a few minutes.  Bummer...so we had to settle for full priced dinner. Tried the Polenta Farcita (blah, I'm not a polenta fan), Gamberi (very flavorful - best part of the meal) and Tortellini alla Panna (again blah, nothing to write home about.) The complimentary bread was okay, but the complimentary pesto sauce they served was rather good. Nothing special. Decent food and wine selection, but nothing I will rush back for.  If at the Promenade and want good food try Flo's which is always a sure thing.
4	Pasta Pomodoro is chain Italian's answer to Peet's Coffee.  Good consistent modern Italian, almost a neighborhood place and not as corporate as Starbucks.  And much like Peet's, Pasta Pomodoro also originated from the San Francisco bay area.You're welcomed with bread and a delicious olive oil basil parsley dip.  The apps are also delicious with stand outs like the shrimp with garlic and chili (though the menu said cast iron pan, ours came on regular plate).   The ravioli with brown butter and sage is so good that I usually order it as a main.  A terrific classic pasta dish is vongole with linguine.If you don't have a great neighborhood Italian joint, then Pasta Pomodoro will take care of you in a pinch.
4	Modern Italian cuisine and decor.  The delicious menu makes it difficult to decide what to order.  The wine menu was just as difficult (luckily the waitress made a great suggestion)!  My sister and I were both pleasantly surprised with our meal.  The waitress was very sweet and the atmosphere was great for the two of us to catch up in.  The best part was the delightfully affordable tab at the end!  We really liked this place!
4	I've been there twice now and had excellent service.  Had 3 friends with me who all liked their dish.  3 out of the 4 dishes were amazing while the 4th was good but nothing to be happy about.  gemeli was great.  and my chicken f alfredo was great as well.  Bread and pesto was great too for the price you are paying on the meal.  I will be going back more often.  Once a week.
