4	I LOVE this Target.It's so nice and clean. I personally think its more organized and a slightly more upscale than most. The service is great. They have Pop Chips too!! Ah the small things in life....Also it's part of a great little shopping center that includes Harris Teeter, Borders, and a handful of boutique stores and restaurants.
3	I dropped one whole star due to the parking situation here at Stonecrest.  Apparently people don't know how to drive when it comes to 4-way stop intersections since it always seems like I am facing some idiot that either is too impatient or too incompetent to be driving through here.Sorry Target, this is a pretty nice location... clean and organized.  Haven't had too many experiences here since I just try to avoid that ridiculous 4 way.  It's pretty much okay at 2am when there is no one else around, but on the weekends especially after the church hours, forget it!
4	one of the larger cleaner stores. in a great location. the staff will help you carry out large items.
4	I love Target!  The only problem for me is that I usually end up spending more than I planned to when I come in here. I think this store has a nice layout and it is easy for me to find what I am looking for.  They also have a good selection of merchandise.  Lines can be a bit long at time, so that would be my only criticism... sometimes, they need to have more staff working the registers.
1	Only for the pharmacy.  Over the last three months when our physician has electronically send our RXs the pharmacy had not completed the order or even started working on it until we arrive to pick it up.  We hVe given the pharmacy hours, sometimes up to four hours lead time.  Often times there is a large line at the pharmacy with many customers in the same situation.  The pharmacy is either understaffed or staffed with less than stellar associates.  In either case I'm not sure if I want Target filling my RX.
4	This Target, located in the Blakeney Shopping Center, seems to be a little smaller than the one located just a short distance away in Stonecrest, but I still manage to spend too much money every time I come here.The parking lot, as most shopping centers seem in Charlotte, is a little bit of a cluster with the 4-way (6-way?) stops and such, but have patience and you will get to where you need to be.  If I am going to Target only, I usually park in the lot to the right of the store, so I am not crossing the street across the main flow of traffic.  Because Stonecrest is my regular Target, I do get turned around a bit in this store, but I have always found it to be clean and well stocked.  Lines seem to be a little longer here, but it is seldom a long wait (I can always use the time to check in to Yelp, eh?).  I normally only stop here when I have to make a trip to the PetSmart across Rea, or want a yummy lunch at 131 Main.  Great store!
4	As far as Targets go, this one wasn't bad. I was mostly checking out their board games and action figures and this store seemed to actually have stuff in stock and neatly organized. They also seemed to have cleared out older junk (unlike most Walmart and Toys R Us stores) and had everything clearly marked. They didn't seem to be any pricier than any other Target either (something that some retailers tend to do with stores in trendier areas. I only had to pick up a gift card and was glad to find almost no waiting in line on a Saturday afternoon. Quite a pleasant experience.
