4	This Advanced Urgent Care knows their stuff. I went last month because I have inflammation in my foot that caused some serious pain for me. They treat their patient as quickly as possible. You can go their as a walkin or with an appointment. There, you will find that they do their own xrays, draw and test their own specimens, and see all kinds of patients whether pediatric, adult, or geriatric. They can assist with screening for some of the cancers such as prostate. Best of all they know their stuff and are upfront with you. The reason why I only gave them 4 stars was because of the wait. The wait can be quick or while depending on the time of day and how many patients go in one day. I had to go last month and I took my son recently for a injury that he recieved while playing football at school. The only negative then I would have to share is that because of the insurance I have, they could not do the referrals for me or my son....but they gave us the names for a cardiologist for me and a sport medicine doc for my son.
1	I regret coming to this place!!!  The first thing they asked is do you have insurance?  No hi hello or how can we help or how are you doing??  This is the worst place for urgent care!!!! I give this place a negative 5 rating!
2	I've definitely experienced better from an urgent care facility. The front desk staff is borderline rude, the place doesn't feel very clean, and their after care is a joke. I was suppose to receive a referral the next day after my visit, which I never got. When I called, the referral desk argued with me that they had called and left a message. I obviously wouldn't be wasting my time calling if I had received a message! I doubt I'll be back.
2	I had to come here with my son on Christmas Eve. since our pediatrician's office was closed.  I am only giving this place two stars because the young man at the front desk was very polite.  There were four people in the back being treated and four people in front of us.  I had to wait about 30 minutes before being taken back to a room where I preceded to wait 90 minutes!  I know all doctors do this practice, I guess to make it feel like your turn will come very soon.  Well, I heard the doctor talking to the patient who was before us and thought she would be in with us soon.  A little while later, I heard the doctor talking to a patient who came in after me, who had a small cut on her hand, which had stitches but was bleeding a little.  This is when I walked out.  I told the front desk to cancel my appointment, the young man was very apologetic.  He told me someone came in with chest pains and their throat was closing up which I found very odd since St. Rose is right across the street! I understand things happen, but I have a feeling the patient stretched the truth so they could get seen sooner or the man was lying to me.  The place was very calm, and if someone was that critical, I would have expected to hear some sort of commotion since that is a serious matter.  And if something like this did happen, I expect someone to come tell me that the wait will be longer due to this coming up.  I honestly think they forgot about us!  I went across the street to St. Rose's E.R. where I was in and out of there in just under an hour.  I should have went there first but thought it would be very busy due to it being Christmas Eve.  Lesson learned though, I will never come here again.
1	If you're really sick and need to see a doctor, go elsewhere! I was extremely ill and could not get an appointment right away with my primary doctor, so I went to this urgent care. I did not have to wait long. This was the only decent part about this experience! The doctor on call was nothing less than creepy. He was wearing a ripped shirt and would not make eye contact with me. After listening to my breathing for 5 seconds, he decided to diagnose me with bronchitis. Can you believe it?? He spent a total of no more than 30 seconds with me. The doctor told me that he would write me a prescription and would be right back. Well, I waited in the room for 15 minutes while he went and saw other patients! Believe me, I couldn't make this stuff up if I tried. Finally, I got my prescription, scribbled out on a piece of paper. To finish this story, I went to the pharmacy to fill this prescription. They weren't able to fill it because he didn't write down how many pills I needed. The pharmacy and my husband both tried to get hold of someone at this urgent care to fix the prescription, and it took a full 24 hours before I was able to get it filled, because no one would help us. This is a miserable place to go, and I highly recommend that you find a different urgent care.
1	Lazy incompetent staff.  Try St. Rose urgent care Henderson 2 blocks away.
5	Ive been coming here for years because I never had insurance until recently but I will continue coming here for sure. The wait time can be a little extreme sometimes but that's to be expected. Brian the office manager is amazing. He is so sweet and always takes the best care of whatever I'm in for. There was a period for a few years that I was constantly struggling with my asthma and he was so kind to assist me with breathing treatments. With no insurance your first visit will be $100 and every time visit after that its only $60. I highly recommend this place for anyone in the Vegas valley who doesn't have a primary doctor or looking for something open on Saturday and Sundays.
1	I arrived at the clinic at 1030am.  There were 9 people in front of me.   People in the waiting room were cracking jokes about how they hoped I brought a birthday cake since I would turn another year older by the time I left. I waited 3 hours to see the Doctor about my eye.  When I finally got to the check up room the doctor came in and took one  look at me and said you have a burst blood vessel.  Nothing I can do.  Sign here.  I waited 3 hours for a 1 minute check up.  ridiculous.  I don't mind waiting but that was too long.  Some of the other patients in front were waiting for school physicals.  That takes about 15 mins to get the okay for sports.  Inefficient use of time by this office.  I'm never going back.
2	It had been 3 years since my last visit here and I have to say I'm not sure I will return.  The last time I went (2 visits in 3 days for one illness) I remember it being fine except for a lengthy wait. This time ... not so much.  The waiting room is filthy.  That floor has obviously not been cleaned since the last time I was there - because really - why would you focus on cleanliness with a constant flow of sick people?  The worst part was the trash sitting next to me letting their kid crawl all over that filthy f' floor. Now I have insurance but I'm between docs and already knew what was wrong with me so I figured I could do a quick in and out - I just needed an Rx or two.  I sat in that terrible waiting room for 2 hours.  Then I sat in an exam room for another 30 mins.  When the doc showed up I told him what I needed and he was gone in about 180 seconds ... literally.  I waited 2.5 hours for 180 seconds of help.  The doc seemed nice enough though - I have no complaints about him.I will say the exam rooms aren't much cleaner than the waiting room and you spend most of your time trying not to get any plague on you.  If you have the option to go somewhere else, do.
1	Like everyone else... I have things to do and ppl to see. It's a little over an hour now and still no progress. I look over their office and see the doc laughing and playing on his phone with his assistant or something. I'm sitting here with my shoulder in pain and its pissing me off. Costumer service sucks over here. I'm most defiantly not coming back to this urgent care.
1	It would be worth it to drive an additional 30 minutes than to come to this place.  If there was a way of giving zero stars for service, I would have chosen that.  They are rude, unprofessional, and charge an arm and a leg.  Save yourself a headache and go somewhere else!
1	Horrible service. Had to wait an hour with one person ahead of me, on a weekday around mid-day. Received a bill, sent them a check and they cashed it and then sent me the bill again. Called and was informed someone from billing would contact me right away and no one called. Called a couple of days later, got put on hold by Maria for 5+ minutes, picked up the line and hung up. Will NEVER EVER go to this place again.
1	i've worked in a medical office, and i'm currently in PA school, so i have a good idea how the front desk should treat all patients. this place is horrible at it! i confirmed with my insurance that this office can offer me services, and right when i handed my insurance card to the receptionist, she declines me. i kindly explained to her my situation and that it would be best to call my insurance for verification. and of course she was too lazy to do it. how can you deny people services by assumption? just because an insurance card looks unfamiliar to you, doesn't mean you immediately reject them!after a few exchanges, she finally offers an alternative - cash payment. i ask how long is the wait, she didn't even have an estimate! it was quite ridiculous how unhelpful she was. and on top of that, there were lots of patients waiting in an unkempt room.i recommend 1 World Medicine in Las Vegas for urgent care. they were very accommodating with my insurance and my late arrival. the staff is efficient and welcoming and their services are on the cheaper end.
3	This past week I had been suffering from a terrible bug that caused horrific, constant coughing attacks before advancing to a stuffed right ear. It was so bad that the last sentence would sound like, "This past week, cough, cough,cough...." This bug was now turning into a beast that lived in my chest. It was time to visit the doctor. Yesterday from 4:30 to 7:14 p.m., I spent a few hours of my life having Advanced Urgent Care Nightlight Pediatrics work on bringing me back to health. The best way to describe the visit is being in a movie that could be called "Bug Busters."Scene 1: The Waiting Room   Advanced Urgent Care is located in the corner spot of a Home Goods/ Lowe's plaza closest to Eastern and St. Rose Parkway. The waiting room is not the biggest or cleanest space. When I walked in, the receptionist had me fill out two sheets of paperwork and asked for my health provider card and driver's license. She was not the friendliest person in the world. Then again neither was I on account of my coughing. With that said, Advanced Urgent Care accepts a large variety of health providers. The fact that they accept Aetna is what led led me here. Once I filled out the paperwork, I waited 14 minutes to enter the corridors of the clinic.Scene 2: Introductory testing   Once inside the clinic, one of a few nurse practitioners that helped me today, asked me some questions about my medical history. She would take my temperature and write down some notes for Dr. Don Gregory.Scene 3: Dr. Don Gregory's examination  The nurse practitioner led me into another room where Dr. Don Gregory examined my breathing and ears. He directed me to breath in and out deeply then checked my ears. He seemed like a nice older gentleman who would tell me that he is going to make me healthy. This would be the most that I saw of him.   I would wait for the next part of the process. There would be a lot of waiting. It is a common perception to think of walk in clinics as the McDonald's of health care. As I waited, it was obvious that I was not waiting on Ronald McDonald but a Doctor who was busy balancing his time between a few patients with their own pain. It was also obvious that regardless of the steps of the process that the visit would end with a prescription for antibiotics.Scene 4: X-rays After a few minutes of waiting, a nurse practitioner leads me to another room. She would take x-rays of my chest. For the record, Advanced Urgent Care features top x-ray equipment. Scene 5: Ear flush  After more waiting, another nurse practitioner led me to bay three (the rooms are called bays) to flush out my ears. I'd spend several minutes lying on a bed leaning on each side of my ear. With the fluid and stuffed ear, I could just make out the roaring traffic on Eastern and the basketball game on the radio. Just like all the nurse practitioners here, the woman who flushed out my ears was professional but not too friendly.Scene 6: The prescription  As expected, the visit ended with a prescription. A nurse practitioner gave me the prescription and a note excusing me from work. Dr. Don Gregory closed the visit by emphasizing that I drink lots of fluids. In hindsight it would have been nice if he would have told me what I have wrong with me. Over and above it all, I am optimistic that Dr. Don Gregory's prescription is the bug buster that brings me back to health, Knock on wood.
5	July 14, 2014I am a new resident of Nevada, residing in Green Valley. I experienced one of the nicest experiences today and want to share it. Many  times we make a move or change of lifestyle that for what ever reasons just doesn't turn out as well as we expected. Mine was moving here in February and leasing an apartment for 14 months. At the time there was no doubt that I would be here for the entire lease and beyond. Ah yet, but 'life happens.'  The extreme hot weather has made me ill. I've been feeling worse and worse and approached my apartment manager, a very nice Lady, who after hearing me plead my case on not being able to stay here and needing to give notice to vacate early for medical reasons, was politely told that yes I could vacate but would lose all deposits and animal refunds mounting into several thousands of dollars...and that is, only IF, the Corporate Office gave me permission to terminate. I told her I thought there should be leeway  that allows a tenant to move for health reasons verified by a M.D. or medical personnel. She nicely said she would check in to it and let me know. That was one week ago....Now, I'll cut to the chase! I went to Advanced Urgent Care this morning as a 'walk in,' and explained my problem. I could not have been treated kinder. After explaining to P.A. Hibbett the issue and how important it is to me, he offered to call my Primary Care Physician in Santa Barbara CA. Minutes later a gentleman, Mr. Bryan Holmes, staff  Supervisor, came to bring me a very professional letter on Letterhead stationary stating basically that my health condition with the extreme heat necessitates my breaking the lease to move to a cooler climate. In addition.....and this is the most important part for any of you that are in my situation-- the letter included the following: This Patients condition would be one that would be covered in the 2010 Nevada Code, Title 10 Property Rights and Transactions, Chapter 118a.340 Right to Terminate Lease due to Physical or Metal Disability. Contact our office if needed.  Thank you ADVANCED URGENT CARE, especially Mr. Bryan Holmes and 'Doris,'   It's not a choice of the Apartment Corporate....Its THE Law. Stay Cool!!!PS The office on Eastern in Lowes shopping center.
1	5 star to a 1 star! I have been to this urgent care a few times either for my son or myself. I have always spoke highly of this place, up until today! Never again will I visit this urgent care. Especially if Dr Jeremy Ziarko is on duty!!! He is by far the worst in professionalism! And his staff! I'm in my room waiting to be seen and just outside my door their laughing about what the prior patient was treated for! If she only knew. That's a federal HIPAA violation. Secondly Dr. Ziarko had the nerve to rudely ask me about a dr I see about my back. I was there because I was sick. So needless to say he only gave me 3 days of antibiotics. We all know 3 days won't cure an infection! He refused to give me more. DO NOT GO TO ADVANCED URGENT CARE!
5	I love this place. It's very convenient and the staff is super friendly.As a single parent my son usually comes with me to my appointments. It's so nice how accommodating they are to the both of us. Having them so tolerant of a crazy little boy def helps a sick mommy feel better. On my first visit there a guy named Bryan helped me. I am terrified of needles and he mad me feel really comfortable. I liked him so much I actually made Advanced Urgent Care my primary physician. I always ask for him. He's very nice and makes the whole experience way better. I def recommend it. Staff is great and they seem more advanced than other Urgent Care facilities I've seen before.
2	Im writing this as i have been sitting in the back room for a little over 30 mins. I have been here for a total of an hour. They lady at the front is so kind n the only reason im giving this place stars. When i went in to take my blood pressure, there was no cleaning after or sanitation steps after it was placed on me. Therefore  i assume i just got germs from the previos user n user b4 that. Gross as fuck. N now as i sit waiting in the same spot  now...i have seen how many doctors  walk back n forth...there was only one lady b4 me. I just want my allergy  shot n leave. Y r u wastinf my time having me wait for someone available  when clearly all of yall are available.  Smh...i want to leave but ive already  paid...fml
1	Horrible waited 3 hours in the waiting room and waited another 2 hours in the back room for the doctor!
1	Found the urgent care on yelp. It was 8:30pm when we left the house after my mother (60 years old) took a horrible fall. We pulled up at 8:45pm and no one was in site and the doors was locked. What the hell is the point of having hours posted if you don't keep them! This isn't like I couldn't get a cheeseburger! This is my mother!
2	Super uncomfortable waiting room.  Very small, only 15 chairs.  I felt sickness just circulating in there.  I chose this location because they also have X-ray available.  Just in case*. There is a tv in the waiting room. Luckily there were two tissue boxes.  A small water dispenser. The hand sanitizer dispenser was out for the duration of my time there.  I spent a good 4 hours.   This happened to be the day after Christmas. They also closed the doors at 3pm. I was the last patient.   The doctor was quick.  He said they did not carry the test for influenza.  He treated me with what he could and sent me off with a prescription.  I'm hoping I'll get better and won't need to make another trip here.  The nurses were kind. The doctor wasn't very personable in his character. I'm not too worried about that, as I hope his knowledge makes up for it.  I guess we do what we have to when all the general medicine doctors are closed for the holiday.
