4	I took my little car here because I've gone through 2 antennae losses while taking my car to other car washes...and replacing my antenna is NOT cheap.I searched for hand car washes in my area...and came up with this place. I do like it a lot. The only thing that makes me dock it a star is the fact that they advertised a car wash for $17.99 but was charged $18.00 on my card. I asked the guy and he said, "It's 18." Then they need to state that. It's a difference of a penny, but I know for some people it really is something they will fight you over. I won't, but I think it's a bit of false advertising.  Had to get that out there in case anyone decides to ever come here.I do like car wash -- absolutely ZERO auto car wash thing where they rinse and then wipe down, claiming it to be all hand washing. Nope, not this place.  They actually washed the car down with a hose and everything was done...by hand! They actually lived up to the hype!  WOOT!So when I got the car back, I nearly wept...it was so beautiful...almost as if I had first purchased the car -- minus the dings on the door thanks to inconsiderate people who just park too close to me and fling their car door open (what's up with that, btw?).I'd recommend this place, but if the price says $9.99/$17.99/$34.99 and they charge you 10/18/35, make sure to speak up and let them know it's not cool (if you feel it isn't).Check it out, you won't be disappointed.
3	I only give it 3 stars for the fact that my truck was super clean. This place is right one the corner of University and Rural, Sun Devil territory. Well I know the place is hand carwash and that it does have Beverly Hills in the name, but wow the prices do not justify.Ok yeah my truck was clean, but I know of many other places in town that can do the job for less. I was told because my vehicle is so large it would cost that much. When I went for the cheapest wash they has posted for $10. I was charged triple. Then the owner tried to upsell me on some BS floor mat washing and carpet cleaning and wax for $200. Seriously sir I came to get the cheapest wash and you try to sell me everything you got?I don't know but from my previous experiences from a previous job where we took a few cars to get detailed here I should have not expected anything more. They over waxed one car and rubbed through the paint. They didn't want to pay for it. All in all, I'm gonna have to pass on this place for the next time, I just can't justify paying that much for a car wash. Possibly a better place for those you who drive super small smart cars.woops had to make an edit, I accidentally gave them 2 stars when I wanted to give them 3. Corrected!
4	I usually go to those drive thru one that cost about 7 dollars so I decided to try a hand wash for $10.  I just did the exterior because I was in a hurry and I was very happy with how quick and efficient they were.  My car looks better than when I take it to the drive thru so I don't mind paying a few more dollars.
4	This isn't the fanciest place in town, but I was in dire need of getting my car washed and didn't feel like paying an exorbitant about of money to do so. I remembered this place down the street from where I live so I swung on by. I checked out the prices and decided all I really needed to get by was an exterior wash, so they whisked my car away and about 10 minutes later it was ready. For $5.99, I really can't complain.
