4	This is a great place to get some beauty supplies at a decent price.  I love the Beyond the Zone Flat Iron Protection.  It makes my hair silky smooth and shiny after I flat iron it.  Great value.
1	I just left the Sally Beauty North Scottsdale location and am incredibly frustrated with the experince.  I drove 30 miles to get there today to use my birthday coupon ($10 off $20 purchase) that expires today.  After spending 45 minutes in the store, asking numerous questions that the empoyees could not answer, I get to the register and go to pay for my $40 purchase with an American Express gift card, and they would not allow me to use it becaue my last name is not the same as my husband's (never legally changed my name).  The card has his last name on it.  I have never had a problem anywhere else using these gift cards and do so all the time.  I had several other cards with me that have my name with the same last name as his and still they would not accept it.  I asked to speak to a manager.  There was no one that could help.  The young woman called the manager but said she cold not reach her and her voicemail was full.  This was a total waste of my time and gas as I could have placed an order online with no problem.  I drove down there becaue I wanted to see some of the products I was interested in.  Also, many of the shelves were half empty and the products looked like they have been there a very long time.  To say the least, I wont go back.
1	I can honestly say I have never been treated this way in my life. This location does not even deserve 1 star. I am a stylist at a nearby salon and went in to get a few hair wefts for an in-salon education class. The first time I went in I was told I could not use my bosses card without her calling to confirm-fair enough. They kindly put my items on hold and I said I would come back after work. My boss called and let me know it was approved and I could pick them up. When I returned a few hours later, the woman working told me I could not use my bosses card. I told her she already spoke to the manager and gave her my name. She went into the back to make sure and made it seem like it was the most inconvenient thing that has ever happened. While she was gone I got my boss on the phone in case there was any confusion. When she came back she extremely rudely said this is not how we do business and I am LUCKY they are making an exception. I responded by telling her this is what another employee had asked me to do earlier and my boss is out of town! She stated again that its not done this way and followed by saying, "also, next time don't be on the phone because it is extremely rude" in a tone that was completely inappropriate. I told her "there would be no next time. I work 2 miles away and will not be doing business here as well as we will be telling all of our customers to do the same." She then shoved my bag out to me and said "I don't really care". I have never experienced such bad customer service. All i can say is that I am happy my boss (a salon business owner of 10 years) got to hear it all.
3	I've been to this location twice now. Once you are in the shopping plaza, it is relatively easy to get in and out. The first time I stopped by I wasn't sure exactly where it was (near the Starbucks, across from Wal*Mart) and accidently drove past. Now that I know where it is, it's even easier to access. With most Sally's I've been to, this one is no different. On the small side with several aisles jam packed with beauty items and accessories. This is the best place I've found that sells foot pumice stones and when I needed a ceramic based hairbrush, this was the first place I went. Overall, if you need a beauty produce that Wal*Mart or Target doesn't carry, then this is your place.
1	I called ahead to Sally's asking for a specific product, they said it was in stock and offered to hold it for me at the counter. When I arrived not only was my product not at the counter it wasn't even in stock. The lady I spoke to offered a weak apology but she really didn't care my time was completely wasted. If I'm told a product is in stock and you're going to hold it for me you better do what you say.Customer service is very important to me and I don't appreciate being lied to, I won't be back. Goodbye Sally's, hello internet shopping.
