1	They forgot my fries...C'mon guys, a combo meal is...say it with me...A burger + a drink + FRIESAnd yet they forgot the stinking fries.  Kid's screaming, can't turn the car around and get back in line...
5	1-star review because they forgot your fries? That stuff happens, what matters HERE is how the food was.In-N-Out is a SoCal institution, STILL family-owned by the Snyder family for their entire history.. every location is company-owned, there are NO franchises and no "big corporation" behind the brand.  Simply put, this is THE best fast-food burger in the land, bar none, IMHO and of many, many others.  They use nothing but fresh ingredients - nothing is ever frozen - and their employees are the best in the industry, no doubt the fact that they're the best-paid in the industry has something to do with that.  If you've never had one - drop by for a Double-Double and experience true burger bliss.
4	Okay. These guys are the best when it comes to the late-night rush (4 cars in the drive-thru at 12:30 AM). The late-night crew is super friendly, even with my ridiculous "custom" order: Animal Style Cheeseburger, extra tomatoes, no pickles; Animal Fries, well done; and a chocolate-strawberry shake. No complaints, ever!But inside, it's hectic and jumbled all the time (except for post 11 PM). 3 PM post-lunch slow down? Not here. Expect at least a 25 minute wait for food on the weekends. If you've never eaten at In-N-Out, you're missing out.
4	In-N-Out is an In-N-Out, only difference is it is in AZ which until maybe ten years ago wasn't so. My buddy used to come to Cali and go right from the airport to In-N-Out but now he has one in his own back yard to gorge on. I like to order a 3X3 protein style when I come here after a good workout. If I am having fast food this is the place to choose for sure for a burger. Clean location, good service, a little slow but why rush excellence???
5	am so glad that In/Out is 5mins away from where I live! its the bomb especially for late nite snack :) Love the fries/their fresh veggies and the friendly staff..
4	Steps to a enjoying successful In-N-Out Burger. 1. Get drunk first, this will help your enjoyment of the burger. 2. make sure its late at night so that you are surrounded by more drunk people like you and less teenagers and families. 3. order the double double animal style (with fries and a drink if you are feeling fancy) and get it TO GO. 4. Drive (or if you are too drunk have someone drive for you) home. At this point, you will start to smell the tasty scent of fresh burger with onions and cheese. You are probably dying to rip the paper bag open and devour your burger. but resist. enjoy the smell build-up and tell your burger how much you are going to enjoy eating him/her when you get home. 5. get home and open your burger. Hold it with both hands. For epic classiness, make sure both your pinkies are raised because, after all, you are a lady/gentleman who knows who to eat a burger properly. 6. Make sure you have drowned your burger with extra SPREAD (the thousand island sauce that you have to ask for when you get your burger TO GO). Let the spread and burger drippings fall down the side of your mouth and lick your fingers once you are down. 7. Calm down. control the foodgasm- other people may be watching you and getting the hell creeped out.
5	OHHHHHHHHHH BABY!!!! I love me some InNOut Burger.  Growing up in Arizona we didn't have InNOut Burger, so when we went to So Cal to visit family, the daily trips to InNOut were like mini vacations within our vacation.  You can imagine how happy I was when they started opening them in the Valley.I absolutely love this place.  Try something off the secret menu.  3x3, 4x4, animal style, well done fries... grilled cheese! yup!The service is always good, the restaurants are always clean, and the food is always fresh.  Can't ask for much more.
1	Went in for a cheese burger with lettuce tomato and mayo. They told me they don't use mayonnaise. I said OK, no pickle no ketchup and no mustard, thinking I would get it plain and dry. WRONG! When I got it it was floating in thousand island dressing. I was so disgusted I just walked out and didn't even ask for a refund. If you can't get a burger the way you want it whats the point?
4	This is what I consider the best of the the "fast food" burger joints, except it's not really that fast.  Very simple and tasty menu, with secret ways of ordering.  Try the "Double-Double, animal style" sometime....yum!  You can baiscally get burgers, fries, sodas and shakes here...and that is the whole menu.All the locations I've been to have pretty much been the exact same...slow and tasty!  Oh, and they are open LATE!
2	Not impressed. I'd rather have a Big Mac and fries at McDonald's. Can't understand why some rave about it.
2	Not really sure what the big deal is with In N Out...I'm from Illinois so maybe the people living in AZ just don't know what a good burger is. In any case they are nothing special and I definitely don't recommend them
4	Had to try In-N-Out Burger during our vacation, how could you not? Solid burger, yummy fries.  I'm always down for a chocolate shake but I don't order them if I'm splurging on a burger, so had to skip that. Really loved the homemade bun for my regular cheeseburger. Toppings were fresh and tasty, next time I'd get onions too. Liked the outdoor seating in the sunshine. I've had better burgers, but as far as fast food goes this place would defintely come out on top.
5	I am a frequent flier here and for good reason. Everyone knows about the secret menu, so experiment! I like my fries done LIGHT WELL. Between Five Guys and In-N-Out, you can't go wrong. This place wins though! #winning
5	Great and fast service. Tons of people here during lunch time but thats not a reason to dock stars. We were fortunate to get seats as a table was leaving. Line was out the door but the food came quickly. Excellent service and delicious food. Highly recommended: get extra "spread" packets for burgers and fries (their special sauce).
5	Best fast-food burgers in the valley, hands down. The fries are amazing and can be cooked to your preference. Look up the secret menu.
5	Oh In N Out how I love thee. Your burgers are fresh and your service is great. I don't get weird looks when I order a double double protein style with onion and extra mustard, just a smile and a what else can I get for you? Yesterday service was particularly good and the nice gentleman that took our order came around to make sure that we were doing good. He was friendly and made good conversation. The burgers taste great and I will keep coming back for more. In N Out does it right. Keepin it real, keepin it simple, it works!
4	Being from the east coast we don't have any in an out burger joints.  I am definitely a fan of this place the burgers are great only downfall is the lack of menu options and the lack of meat....  Fatten those patties up?
3	Freshest, cheapest fast food meal.  The parking lot is a pain in the rear though, almost impossible to get parking on a weekend or evening.
3	Prob one of the best of the fast food type burger places but way overrated. They definitely have a cult following.I have to say the burger is really good especially as animal style (one of the not so secret menu options). It is so small though you have to get at least a double or even a triple to be satisfied (3x3 good option). So once you have ordered a 3x3, animal style you got a nice sized burger that has all the right cheese gooeyness, grilled onion and sauce to boot. (prob is it hikes up the price).I have to say the fries just suck (these are fighting words to the in-n-out lovers). They are cut fresh but they don't cook them right. They are soggy little suckers so i have to say Fry well (or well done) to get them in some sort of crispiness but then they are almost cooked to much. So i usually don't order anymore. They need to learn how to do the twice cook method (blanch then crisp)Shakes are ok but nothing special what so ever. I do like how they have little hot yellow chiles if you want them.
5	Nice pleasant drive thru attendant.  Quick and efficient service.  They ask if you're eating in the car and offer you a lap mat (see picture).  I like to ask for grilled onions and extra spread.  They are always obliging.  Plus, the food is good. Duh.
2	Foods good as always. Wanted to buy an empty medium-size cup. Instead of charging me the price for a cup they wanted to charge me a dollar 68 like I was getting a full soda. Ridiculous
4	Consistently great tasting burgers!  Not much to them but they are so good.  The staff is always cheerful as well.
2	Awesome food but if you get animal style on the burger/cheeseburger, it's free! If you get animal style on the fries, it is a $2.05 mark up for an upgrade... Wth? That's ridiculous! I could understand $.50 or $1 but $2.05???? Crazy!!I just got my food and they got my order wrong... Jeez
4	The cheeseburger and fries are always good here... and good for the price. We do come here early or later and not during rush hours because it could take times to get your food when they're busy.
4	Hard to drive past without smelling those grilled onions filling the air ..door is great prices are reasonable and the drive thru is always on it ..but tonight its all about not cooking  and watching some football
4	Honestly, how can you go wrong with In-N-Out? It's a quality fast food chain that delivers consistent quality for an attractive price. Plus, everyone who works here always seems cheerful and in a good mood. Definitely not the healthiest food in the world, but why not treat yourself every once in a while?!
4	Great burgers. They use only fresh ingredients and everything comes put looking like the pictures on the wall (most burger places can't even come close to that). They have a limited menu: burgers, fries, sodas and shakes. All can be customized, even in secret ways. And that works for me, I prefer that they have chosen to be great at the things they do (and forget the other stuff).
5	Tried In and Out after a year hiatus. Don't know why, just none near me or near work. Arrived at 12:45PM on a Thursday and there were 35 inside plus 25 cars lined up around the corner. Ordered a Double-double Animal style and small drink for $5.19. The menu is small but they are good at what they do. My sandwich arrived in seven minutes, fresh and hot. To you noobs out there: don't take it out of the wrapper. It's too juicy, stuffed and fresh to hold up without it. My burger was animal style, which means grilled onions. The bun was toasted with lots of crisp, cold lettuce, sliced tomato, pickles and relish plus thousand island dressing. Very messy. Never a complaint here. The fries are good too, I just wasn't hungry enough for them.
3	Great burger (specially the protein style) but the worst drive thru wait time ever!!! I'm talking about be ready for 25mins plus.
