4	Some actual stuff to buy!
4	This place is much bigger than one in Glendale. More vendors nice place. Enjoyed it with my son especially getting him Pokemon cards for 2 bucks
3	This place is so-so. Its got a lot of booths still available so hopefully they'll get them filled and be able to offer more things. there's a variety of things to choose from tho so thats a plus. It's typical, nothing really stood out for me so I can't get all excited. Same stuff you find at any other swap meet. Didn't find anything that interested me so I can't comment on their pricing.
1	Never seen something so useless in my life. A bunch of small stores with no good things. Smells weird and there isn't even a lot of stores to be honest. Everyone looks like they don't wanna be there which sucks. Place isn't good at all. Don't waste your Money on junk.
1	Place is pretty big with no vendors.  Alot of spaces are open and the building has horrible smell filling the air, almost like a combo of body odor and century old clothes.  I was here to get info on vendor/renting space but there is absolutely no shoppers and experience was awful.  I am get the idea that building owners/management of the swap meet must be pretty bad with all the spaces open and no renters.  My personal first time experience...while walking up to the office to get info  I witnessed something that no shopper or person should have to go through.  So There was middle eastern lady that was working or managing in the office yelling horrible things at a shopper who lost a child about how horrible a person she was and that she was not going to take her child until the police arrived. Whoa! Little kid was ok and mother was in tears!  I totally felt bad for the mother because we all have had that horrible experience of losing a kid in non familiar place and just want to comfort your child.  I was almost about to say something but totally shocked when security with turbans  started harassing the whole family all the way out of the building.  PRETTY TRAUMATIC EXPERIENCE AND WILL NOT GO BACK TO SHOP OR SELL WHATSOEVER!  i am sure that poor family won't be returning either and must I say DON'T LOOSE YOUR CHILD THERE. GEESH!
1	The place had this awful smell to it, wasn't sure what it was but smelled something like dirty clothes that have been wet a few day. The prices are high at most the vendors stands that I went to. There is no food that I seen so if your hungry this isn't the place to come. Once you smell the inside you will most likely lose your appetite anyway. The management is rude, and dont speak much english or any spanish. When asked a question they simply ignore you or say the don't understand. I will not be returning, because there was nothing that was of any use to me. I will stick to the Arizona Mills good prices and A/C, something the indoor swap meet didn't have running.
