4	Just purchased the 500 Pop and am really happy with it so far, (only Day 2)! I give it a 4/5 experience at the dealership and 5/5 experience driving my Fiat (so far!)So some background, I sent in a trade-in quote via the internet (Edmunds or one of those) and waited for a call. In the process, I also made several more quotes with other dealers, Toyota, Mazda, and another Fiat location. Personally, I get my biggest first impression from the type of voicemail a sales person will leave (and I purposely let it go to VM). How their tone sounds and how much detail they provide is a huge influence on who I would be visiting first -  their tone gives me an idea of the comfort level I would have working with them and the their detail shows if they really looked into my request (is that weird?). Anyway, I made a good "first impression" choice when I decided to work with David Peacock at this dealership. :) He was the first to call me and email and was the most detailed on what they had to offer with my Jeep trade-in, compared to another 5+ voicemails. David was extremely and pleasant to work with. He took us around the lot to show different Fiat trims and colors I was interested in. It did not take long for me to jump into a red Fiat 500 and cruise around! Very zippy and fun to drive.They also had a white exterior with red interior seats, really unique looking! David did not make me feel pressured or uncomfortable and really wanted to make sure I found the trim/ color/ design I wanted. It was only within 5 hours time that I drove away in my new beautiful red Fiat! Molly, their Financial guru is also pleasant to work with. My only advice at this place (even though it is great), is to ask as many questions as possible and really understand the prices they are offering and its included warranties and incentives. They could've provided more detail here but everything worked out great in the end. I'm sure that goes for all dealership experiences really! All in all, we had a good experience here, got the price we were budgeting for and will be happy to be working with them throughout the years of my Fiat ownership :)
1	If you want the "typical" used car salesman lies/excuses/horrible service PLEASE visit Fiat of North Phoenix and ask for Dave Peacock! My husband and I were purchasing a used vehicle for our 16 year old daughter...with a 10k CASH budget...thought we'd get a great used car for that kind of money. We test drove a car that had a few issues but was assured by our trusted (yeah right) salesman Dave that he would do whatever it took to make the car right for us. It needed two new tires and and an alignment...long story very short...it took four days to get an alignment out of them!!! NO new tires...that were separated (per Discount tire)!!!! The car is now home and SAFE for our teenager to drive...but please, please, please go elsewhere to purchase a vehicle. I'm saddened and disgusted that people can treat others in the manner that we were treated.
1	What a nightmare experience with this Dealership.  STAY AWAY!!!!!  They killed my credit even though we agreed they would use only one financial institution, they shopped me around to 40 different lenders what a disaster. They purposefully sell you a car with defects so that you can buy the repair/service warranty and will only start fixing the car once you have actually purchased it which is what we figured out they are doing. I wander if the warranty company knows they are being taken advantage of.
5	I believe I can say that I know AutoNation Fiat of Phoenix well at this stage. I purchased a Fiat 500 pop (5 speed manual) last march from the dealership when it was Power Fiat and just traded it for another Fiat 500 pop (Automatic). Both times, I dealt with Peter Salehi, I felt comfortable dealing with Peter because his answers were genuine and he did not attempt to pressure me into a selection. Instead he explained the features of the Fiat 500 and I test drove several cars with him. Since I was looking a particular model and color, I shopped all the Fiat dealerships in the area. I decided to finalize my purchase with AutoNation both time because I was offered the best incentives and trade. The Sales Manager was also responsive to my needs and finance generated a smooth package. The dealership approach was respectable but let me also comment that the product they are selling is energetic and affordable. The Fiat 500 puts you in control of a vibrant little car that will not be surpassed in the same class on the road. The car is very responsive and you do not have to settle for the slow lane on the road. The 1.4 liter engine has enough power to earn respect on the city road and the freeways. Thank you Peter and the AutoNation team for a smooth deal.
4	We fell in love with the FIAT while in Italy.  Came right home and bought one.  We got the 500L and it is perfect for us.  The salesman, general manager and accounting manager were great to very accommodating and easy to work with.  It didn't hurt that we have perfect credit.  We each got a FIAT t-shirt and a back pack as a bonus!  We would definitely buy a car here again.  Let's hope the only visits we have for the next few years are "maintenance only."
3	Make sure you know the price of the car before you go in - - they kept offering me a HIGHER price for the car then what they were showing online and couldn't explain why.   They are affiliated with Costco auto program, but once again tried to offer a higher price then what was offered online.Not a lot of information was provided about the car, warranty and features as our salesperson seemed new and a little inexperienced.  After the purchase of the car there was no excitement about the purchase from the dealership.
4	Wanted to buy a used vehicle and they had what I wanted.  Buying experience was straight forward with no hype.  The price is the price so no haggling.  A refreshing way to do business.
2	I am giving these folks a 2 star rating only because they are aware of the issue of NOT DISCLOSING that the FIAT 500's spare tire is an"OPTION". While I understand that, as a consumer, I should ask the questions prior to purchasing, I have 20 years of retail customer service experience and, I have never ever had to be discreet or not tell somebody in honesty that something about what they were about to buy was not on the up and up. In fact, just the opposite has happened with me. The more I disclosed, negative or not, only aided in the sale I was about to make. Not so with Autonation FIAT-SCO (Fiasco).  As a consumer, I believe that, even in this day and age, that asking about a spare tire, would not be something you would need to ask about. My goodness even my Father's 1958 FIAT 600 had a full size spare with a jack and, believe it or not, an alarm system!!!!. The salesman Steve R. was very nice. He kept in contact with me to make sure I was happy. Which by the way I am. But really!!! Tell people that the car only comes with a tire inflation kit!! It's a car! NOT a bicycle. Anyway, I was quoted $555.00 for the optional tire kit. I ordered it directly from MOPAR in New York for $325.00 shipped to my front door. I'll gladly install it myself in under an hour!  This dealer(Autonation FIAT) even offered to install it for me for $150.00! I told them after what you pulled during the purchase process, I'll do it myself because you should be installing it for free. So, not only did you lose $550.00 had you disclosed this option to me, but you now have a "shame on you buyer beware" rating form me and all I want to know is was it worth it to you? Buyers, please, this is a good place to purchase your vehicle. However, make sure you ask questions. Nobody here will disclose whats not included only what is.P.S I still love my car. Sales team, please discuss the poor reviews you all seem to be getting over your next coffee and doughnut laden staff meeting. I will also forward this to FIAT for you so they understand that you are choosing to lose money for them based on poor business disclosure tactics,-Robert Landers
5	5 star car buying experience?I really dislike the car buying experience...the excitement gets bogged down by the reality of credit, trade-ins and down-payments.  I was seriously ready to bring the ABARTH 500 back if my deal wasn't what they promised. They did deliver the best deal based on what i wanted...should have gotten the satellite radio...NO PRESSURE    IF-YOU-WANT-IT - HERE-IT-IS  COME-AND-GET-IT attitude toward sales was relaxing and easy...Thank you Autonation and Rob P.  excellent job - financing guy was great too!
5	I recently purchased a 2005 Toyota Highlander through Auto Nation Fiat and I have to tell you - I have never been so thrilled with a car dealership! I have to be honest - I HATE salesman... I really do. And I have a tendency to let them know that as soon as they start throwing salesman tactics at me. I was VERY pleasantly surprised that I DID NOT get any of that from Steve at Auto Nation Fiat. I went in planning to test drive the Highlander, because I had been considering one for my next vehicle, but had not actually driven one yet so I wasn't sure how they handled. Well - long story short - I LOVED the car. I was offered allot more for my trade than I expected - which brought the actual cash price of the car down lower than I even planned on paying - so I bought it and I LOVE IT!!! I actually enjoyed the paper signing time with Dave - as we chatted and joked. I don't know much about Fiats, but as for the customer service - this place is AMAZING. I would DEFINITELY recommend it and plan to use them again if.when the need arises :). Thanks guys!!
5	The buying experience itself at this dealership was great.  I worked with Steve R. and things went more smoothly than any previous car purchase I've made.  So 5 stars for the purchase process.  1 star for their service department.  The window tint was part of my negotiated car price and the car had to be tinted 4 TIMES.  4!  In the end, they made it right, and I am satisfied, but my advice would be to just skip the tint through the dealership and take it to a shop yourself.
5	I was doing some window shopping for a new commuter car and decided to stop by after already test driving a 500 at another dealership to see what they had in stock. They happened to have the model and color I was looking for in a new 2013 model. After another test drive and finding out how much they had lowered the price, I decided to buy. I dealt with Rob P in sales and David G in finance. Both worked very hard to explain everything to me and make sure I was able to buy the car. When discussing which options I did and did not want, there was no pressure or constant push to sell me more than I wanted. Buying a car can be a stressful and tedious task and it's rare to find a dealership that makes it relatively easy and painless. I would recommend checking them out if you're in the market for a new car.
5	The most enjoyable car purchase experience I have ever had.  EVER.  I was already prepared to fall in love with the 500L, and Steve R and company made it all happen for me.  The deal I was hoping for, and they made the process a lot of fun too!  Can not recommend them enough.  Thanks guys!
5	I have a mom-van with close to 100K miles on it.  The gas mileage is miserable.  Instead of buying another new van, I decided to take a look at smaller, cuter cars with better gas mileage and just demote the mom-van to road trips and costco.I always dread car-buying time and view it as a necessary evil.  I'm not a car person and I don't get excited about the prospect of something new to drive, so all the hassle of research, negotiation, paperwork is doubly annoying.  I always attempt to make first contact by email to see which dealers will work with me on my own terms.  I'm at home with 5 kids and I'm the only driver in the house.  I don't have the time or head space to drive all over town comparing prices, features, etc.  That's why we have the internet!  The problem is, so many car dealers are still stuck back in 1985.  "You seem to have a lot of questions!" they'll say, "Come on down so we can answer them all for you!"  No.  If I'm throwing 20 grand or more around, I want to have time to think about it.Rob at Autonation was the first to respond to my email with a detailed answer.  We hammered out all the details in a series of emails throughout the day as I made lunch, helped with Math, brushed out tangles, or in traffic (ssh!  Always at the red lights!).  That is literally the only way I can buy a car.  Rob is a sweetheart. When I finally narrowed my search to two cars and went in to test drive, he had them tucked away in the garage and had carved out as much time from his day as I needed.  He walked me through all the features, had ready answers to all my questions, and  never insulted my intelligence or made me feel stupid.  He provided a concierge-like service the likes of which I've never experienced at a car dealership, even when we bought my husband's BMW back in the day before the economy crashed.  Sigh.Anyway, you still have to do your homework (Rob L. down below, I'm looking at you, guy...that information is all over the internet!) and know what you're buying, what it is worth, and what you can afford.  They're going to haggle.  They're in business of selling cars.  But I never felt like someone was trying to do an end run around me.  Negotiations were straight forward and I walked away satisfied that I got plenty for my money.  Thanks guys!  Maybe I'll pop in sometime and say hi when I'm up that way visiting my daughter :)
1	Wow, what a waste of time this was.  I went in with an honest picture of a divorce and problems up front.  I asked to be pre-approved before I started looking at cars with the understanding that this just might not happen.  They were all friendly and respectful... to my friend who went with me.  He has a mechanics background.  They shook his hand three times.  I was the one buying the car and was never offered this common courtesy. I really try not to be that kind of woman, but... Then they tried to sell me a Mustang that was posted on their internet inventory as clean and ready to go.  It had been driven by the wife of one of the people who work there, with major dents on the roof, a rear bumper that had significant damage, an obvious oil leak, and a questionable CARFAX report.  They wanted me to make a promise to buy it that they would clean it up and make it ready to go.  We asked that if we were approved for that car and it didn't work out, that the offer would be good for another car of that price.  They said yes. But they wanted me to sign that I would buy that car... hmmmm.  Couldn't test drive it and it had problems...  Well, they brought out the credit guy, who once again talked to my friend instead of me, and shook his hand twice, but not mine.  The numbers did not match what was advertised at all.  There was $1000 added on to the price, now making a car that had a Kelley Blue Book value of $3400 from $6700 to $7700.  They said the higher price was a loan fee.  I was sitting under the sign that said "We use Kelley Blue Book values to price our cars".  Obviously not the same blue book the rest of us use.The moral of this story is, do your homework to know the value of your purchase before you buy from these guys... and ladies, you might want to bring a guy with you so you don't have to shake their hands either.
1	6 months later, methinks I got screwed.  Have spent $9K to get this vehicle running properly.  If exterior and interior were not in such great shape, may have dumped it on somebody else like was done to me.  CD player and DVD player still have to be repaired.  Should have tried them at dealership.Vehicle was 2003 Ford Excursion diesel.
5	I love my new convertible!
2	I love my new convertible!    Here's my update--F&I (D) be careful!  I had to stay up on getting the payoff completed in a timely manner.  A late fee was assessed and I had to f/u to get it deducted.  I emailed (D) and her response was beyond rude!  360 from when I was signing the contract.  What a disappointment.  Customer service is only 100% while your signing.
1	Bought a car with DUCT TAPE holding a part together! Really. Here's the story. Bought a used Ford Expedition from them on Saturday afternoon, September 20th. Three salesman sat in the air conditioned office watching my husband go over this vehicle for 45 minutes in 100+ degree heat. My husband knows a thing or two about cars. He seemed satisfied and we completed the sale late in the day, near 5:00. On Sunday morning my husband continued his inspection at home and found a loose idle pulley (about a $35 dollar part). He could see a definite mechanical issue, a small one, but still. Auto Nation Fiat said "NO" to that repair, saying we bought the vehicle "as is." So much for being proud of selling a vehicle in proper mechanical working condition right off the lot. BUT here is the kicker...and this is NOT A JOKE. We found  LOOPS OF DUCT TAPE holding the cowl (the black vent-looking piece that sits between the front hood and the base of front windshield) onto the vehicle. They were across the whole length of the vehicle and there was evidence of DUCT TAPE that had been there but removed. DUCT TAPE? REALLY? By the time we processed our decisions about this vehicle it was about 3:30 on Sunday afternoon and tried to call our salesman, who had just left for the day. The voicemail box we were directed to was not his. We had been in email contact so we sent him an email saying we would be returning the car the following day, as per the 3-Day satisfaction guaranteed policy of Auto Nation. He would have had that email as soon as he checked in the morning. And he was at work on Monday, conveniently at another location. We returned the vehicle on Monday afternoon, to find out that our salesman, MATT LOWNEY, failed to inform the business office of our intention to return it, so they went ahead and processed our partial credit card, partial personal check to the total sum of $12,000+. The woman in the office told me directly that had she known we were returning it, she would NOT have processed the transactions. This point was later contradicted by the "manager of finance" who said they processed everything immediately. I hate it when people in the same business tell different stories. It really brings down the integrity of the business. Not that duct tape doesn't do the same thing! The credit transaction was refunded on the spot, but it turns out that I had to prove that my check had cleared my bank before they could initiate my personal check refund. I did that on Thursday, September 25th and was assured a check would be sent immediately. As of today, October 8th, I have not received my $7000+ dollars. Rhetorical question - are they earning interest on my money while I wait? We have been very neutral through this entire process, until I called and asked to speak with the "finance manager" on September 30th, who knew nothing about this. Really? REALLY? This is a pretty small dealership and you have to admit, this is a pretty good story.  With assurances that he would look into it and get back to me the next day, I continued to remain neutral, understanding that corporations are fabulous at creating layers of paperwork. BUT WHEN HE DIDN'T CALL ME THE NEXT DAY, I got MAD. So I called and asked about the status of my money and got a very vague "I'm sure it is in the mail answer." So much for customer service. After selling me a car with duct tape. So yes, I'm kind of mad, and I think the public should be aware of our experience.
1	I did finally receive my refund on October 9. The check was dated October 7th, which means it took 12 days for them to process it. It was mailed to the dealership, not to me. Unfortunately, not one of the people I spoke to during that time ever gave me a specific description of the process, what/when to expect, and sometimes didn't call back and sometimes contradicted what another person said.  If customer service had been better, most of this would not have been a problem. Glad it is all over now.
5	I have owned multiple Beemers, Benz, Audi, and Ranger Rovers so my expectations as to dealer experience were not high. Especially after attempting to deal with Scottsdale Fiat where a straight answer is akin to speaking Mongolian.Tom Blessin was absolutely straight-forward and totally absent of bs. Wow, what a refreshing change.Just as with my other European car buying experiences, when I arrived to test drive the specific vehicle we had been negotiating, it was washed and sitting inside. Tom took the time to go over the vehicle, a 500L TREKKING with every option imaginable, from front to rear and in-between.We proceeded to embark upon a ten mile test drive which was the final point in my decision process. I was not expecting an X1, but the 500L exceeded all of my expectations. The seats were supportive and comfortable, The sightlines every bit as good as any vehicle I have every driven. The Beets stereo, though not a Bose, was darn good and the navigation screen about as large as can fit. The sunroof portion of the panoramic roof was amazingly large.We reached a deal in about two minutes. No bs, as I said earlier. In fact we were about $300 below my targeted price.Save yourself time and hassle and simply seek out Tom Blessin at AutoNation Fiat.Can't wait till the Alfa Romeo 4 door arrives as I plan to buy one.For now, the 500L Trekking will be my secondary ride for about 12 months when I will be making it a birtday present for one of my children.Marcus Nannini
5	I was not intending to purchase a new car, but a oppertunity arose and here I am in Phoenix AZ at Autonation Fiat. This place is truly amazing. The customer service and people are outstanding. I honestly have nothing but kind words for these people - NOT YOUR TYPICAL CAR SALES MEN. More like friends and family who want a great reliable car for you .My Sales Rep Matt Cascketta is friendly, straight forward, helpful and laid back which made purchasing a new car a relaxing and enjoyable experience then the usual stressful what am I getting myself into experience.Lonnie Prezbylinski was welcoming,kind and friendly. Darlene Pizano - My Financial Specialist  (aka my miracle maker as I like calling her) made the money part of purchasing a car seemless. My monthly payments are extremely affordable, down payment was realistic, paperwork was a breeze. I love this woman.Matt Lowney took the time to show me every inch of my new car, very informative, patient and friendly. And as my son points out even my odd stupid questions were answered too. :-)Like I said I could go on and on. I am very impressed. I am soo happy I purchased a new car -  with people like these, realistic financing and the amazing impressive FIAT I could not be happier.
1	If you need your car serviced do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. Manager was of no help to make up the mistake his advisor had done, skip this place and go to scottsdale.
