3	Marchmont Pharmacy is a convenient 30 seconds from my house. Convenient for various reasons, including the fact that I'm particularly talented at losing my toothbrush and they've got a whole colourful selection of those for me to purchase over and over again (I wouldn't want my colours to overlap, now would I?). The people who work there are the nicest pharmacists I've ever met. Back in my universitary photojournalist days I once had to procure a needle for the purposes of an article of drug use in Edinburgh, and though they couldn't specifically give me what I needed, they both informed me of where the Needle Exchange was and weren't at all perturbed by my request. Which is always quite comforting. Only downside here is that, yes, it is quite expensive. For all the girls out there: 1) don't get yourself into this situation, 2) they now give out free morning after pills if you're registered with a local GP. And that's all, folks.
4	Whenever mildly ill and in need of some medicine, I generally head here rather than to my nearer pharmacies or a GP for some of the over the counter medicine you can buy from here.The staff here do know what they are talking about and you just need to go in and tell them what the problem is and they will recommend what will help the most.  With this they are more often than not spot on and anything they give you seems to do the trick.Any visit here is also relatively inexpensive as they will always let you make the choice between the large brand or unbranded and cheaper medicines explaining the differences and letting you decide what you want to buy.  With a pharmacy this good, unless you are seriously ill, you hardly need a GP.
4	This pharmacy brings to the mind the Outkast song,  So Fresh,So Clean! It's got an air of disinfected, which is probably a good sign in a pharmacy. However, I'd just been into W Kings & Son, which felt a little bit like someone's (fancy) living room so I wasn't too enthusiastic about it.It's one of a few independent pharmacies in the city centre, and the service is quite personal which is a plus. There's a great range of products and medicines, so I can't imagine there'd be anything lacking whatever your ailment is. I feel like I should insert some sort of disclaimer here..
4	I have been to Marchmont pharmacy a few times now.  The staff is always friendly.  They also have an array stuff aside of medicines that seem to be fairly reasonably priced for such a small independent pharmacy. It can however get busy at times when there's only one chemist. I like the fact that they open early in the morning, not so much that they close at 17.30, which means I can never get my prescription after having seen the doc after work.
