2	Are my wife and I crazy, or do some Blockbusters smell weird?  There was a store in Indiana that had this overwhelmingly irritating stench of medicine and burning plastic.  I always assumed that it was only that store, since all the stores in Michigan didn't have that problem.  But the smell at both Blockbusters around South Park is EXACTLY the same.  It actually nauseates my wife to the point where she makes me go in if we have to rent a movie.Which brings me to the fact that I've always hated dealing with Blockbuster.  It's expensive, for one.  I was previously subscribed to Blockbuster Online.  The in-store exchanges justified using them over Netflix.  But like Blockbuster seems to enjoy doing, they changed everyone's policies without telling them, (they love to send me a dozen emails per week about deals and new releases, but when they change my policy I have to find out on my own.)  Now, in-store exchanges count against your online queued movies.  So now, Blockbuster Online costs 2 bucks more, has far fewer streamed movies, a far larger problem with backlogged popular movies AND now the in-store exchanges aren't worth anything.  I switched to Netflix and they've been great.But back to the stores...they smell funny.  Anyone else notice this?
2	I love getting rentals in the mail...convenience at its finest. However, I often dread going to check out a movie from Blockbuster locations. For one thing, they have a certain unpleasant odor that smacks you in the face as you enter. In addition, I'm disappointed that they have closed down many of their locations (especially on Montford since it was super close). Not having as many locations means more crowded stores and more videos picked over. I assumed that since other stores were closing, they would add more employees at the ones that stayed open to handle more customers (especially during "rush hour" times). I haven't seen that happen yet...and I'm not holding my breath. I'm greatly disappointed in this particular location because many times the employees are less than friendly and not professional. For instance, looking at your cell phone while helping customers is not cool.Blockbuster, please attend to the smell in your store and train your employees on better customer service.
3	I was starting to like this Blockbuster after the other stores closed and I began visiting here since it was the next closest to East Boulevard.  They had just remodeled, it was huge and had a pretty good selection of everything.  But it closed too.  Now the East Boulevard store is the only one in my area.
