5	My friend from Oregon recommended we stop at Bentleys for some coffee. I was familiar with the location, but not the business, so we went and were not disappointed!First off the location is easy to get to and offers drive thrus on both sides of the building.Second, their coffees are fantastic. The have their own coffee roasted just for their specs and you can taste the difference! I went with my Iced Americano and my wife had something absolutely fantastic! Her drink was espresso mixed with nonfat yogurt! Holy moly that was the BOMB!Randy pulled our shots, answered our questions and was a great guy! This  is a must stop stop!
4	I was impressed with this place. Its a good thing when there is more than a Starbucks serving up coffee in a neighborhood. The coffee was tasty, the prices reasonable. I bought a co-worker a Health Nut pastry which she said she liked. They go for an energetic vibe with loud music, video screens and youthful baristas. The double drive thru is helpful to getting your order quick.
5	I was told by a friend that lives in Las Vegas about a coffee stand that had recently opened up and he said that i had to try it because he had never had anything quite like it.  So I made a point to see what Bentleys was all about.  The first thing I noticed was the friendliness of the staff.  Then I noticed the price and figured there had to be something missing.  When I got my order it was clear that this place was a true gem.  The coffee was outstanding and the pastries were unreal, and it was all so much cheaper than my usual order from the green guys out of Seattle.  Over my 4 day stay, I made it back 3 times and loaded up on the Coffee Frozen Yogurt that was better then the best coffee Ice Cream I've ever had, plus I got to try the salads which were really good and very convenient.  I wish they had Bentleys in Oregon, but now I have one more thing to do in Vegas every time I go.  Good work Bentleys, you make Vegas better.
5	great little shack. got coffee, bottled water and did not even step out of the car. perfect for the vegas lazyness.kinda pricey. but you get what you pay for. in this case premium gourmet coffee and friendly service.over all clean and great coffee. try the seasonal warm coffee's too
5	So far so good.  Great friendly staff.
4	Bumper Sticker:*My Other Coffeehouse Is A Bentley*Solid coffee, quick. #CaffeinateMeThey don't seem to have brewed coffee so if you order a coffee you're getting an americano.  I can respect that decision.  Very Euro of them.
5	I got the groupon for this business only because it is near my work and I don't regret it.  In fact, this is the best groupon I've purchased to date.  This used to be a Java Detour but I think it went out of business.All the staff is really nice. And the groupon deal, which gives you $10 for a punch card with ten $6 punches, is such a good deal.  Even if you only spend buy $2 plus tax worth of drinks/food every time you come in, you are still getting more than 50% off.  (They punch the $6 whether you spend $2 or $6.)  If you spend $5 plus tax everytime like me, well, it's a really good deal.  If you really want to be picky, you can go over $6, give them the difference in cash, and only get a $6 punch.  That way you get the full $60 value of the groupon.  But yeah, it's $10 for up to $60 worth of food and drinks.  Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.I adore the iced caramel macchiato and the veggie breakfast burrito (with taco sauce).  Tomorrow will likely be my last groupon punch.  But I definitely will be back.  Great prices compared to anyone else in town.  I'm addicted.
5	Love this place. The employees are so friendly and helpful. They make great suggestions when I am looking for something new and you cant beat the price anywhere.
5	Delicious Black & White Mocha. Quick, caffeine kick-start. It's a drive-thru by the way (in case you didn't read that in the other Yelp reviews). I needed to grab a little something while on a lunch break from my CPR class at the Nevada Health Center. This place was perfect! The staff are very nice and the beverage was top-notch! I also got a banana-nut muffin (it was pre-packaged! sadness.). But it was BIG and it still had good flavor, so I can't knock stars off for that. All in all, I like!
5	Bentley's coffee is my coffee crush! Best way to start my day! :) Every time I'm on my way to work I always contemplate on passing by Bentley's to get my coffee fix. Better late than.. umm.. no Bentley's? Their prices are very reasonable ($3 for a huge ass cup), coffee and food has great quality, awesome service, their baristas are all good looking, smiling, efficient, friendly and of course their coffee... *drool*Try the Black n White mocha (skip the blended drinks though).. It's the bombdotcom! My favorite coffee place in Vegas! How could you go wrong with drive-thru? :)
5	Still as good as ever, but they no longer have the breakfast burritos. :(  The prices have gone up slightly - about $0.50 per drink.  And they had to close their Tropicana location. So sad.A new menu item is the $10 drink.  I have not tried it.  I will not try it.  But according to the menu, it's liqueur-filled chocolates melted with more chocolate and espresso shots.  Somebody try it and tell me how it is.  But there is no way I could drink this - I would have the shakes for a week from just the sugar alone.Conveniently located at the southwest corner of the I-15 entrance off of Charleston.  Skip Starbucks and check it out!
5	Black and white mocha is where it's at. Goooood morning Vegas!
4	The drinks were great! The lady that helped us was super nice and sadly told us that because of I-15 expansion, they are being forced to shut down.... another non-Starbucks bites the dust.
4	When I finally woke up in a hung over state from a night on partying at the Palms I was in desperate need of some delicious coffee.... FAST! I pulled through the drive through and chatted with the barista about what to get.  We decided on a Iced Carmel Latte!!  No faster then I could pull out my wallet he had the coffee ready.  Yummmmmmm. So delicious and just what I needed.  They have a large variety of different coffee drinks to accommodate any need.  The service is fast and extremely friendly.  Next time i'm in Vegas I will be coming back.
5	All I can say is the price is right! As much as I pass by this place, I decided to give it a shot since I wanted something hot to drink. I ordered the chai latte with soy milk 24 oz, which was really good. I love me my chai latte especially if the place makes it right and this place definitely hit the spot. What made it even better was the prices for a 16oz it's $2.50 and for a 24oz it's $3.50. Now that's what I'm talkin bout!
5	I love the Iced Chai's here. Very rich and sweet. I've not tasted chai like this anywhere else. Great prices and a friendly staff too!
4	Looking for a coffee shop with driving-through window?  The Bentley's Coffee is one of my favorite drive through coffee stands, period!  The best way to start my day is to have my first stop be here.  I'll be very honest-I really LOVE coffee.  I love to have a cup of coffee on a cold winter day.  I enjoy to sip hot coffee on a hot summer morning ;P  It is hard to stay away from coffee if it's in your blood, haha^^*  I've tried their Cappuccino, Chai Latte, Irish Cream L, Black & White Mocha, hazelnut L, Soy L, Reg Coffee, and Macadamia L(seasonal).  I really enjoy drinking any flavored Latte especially the Chai Latte!  The medium latte drinks are about $2.70 w/any flavors.  If you don't want your drink to be too sweet, you can ask for "half sweet" on any of your flavored drinks :)I've been noticed that each morning with a different Batista, and sure enough, it has been just as good as any other day.  They've been always friendly and efficient.  Definitely, the nicest and I'd say, "friendliest" baristas in town!But, don't forget to ask for a cardboard coffee sleeve for your hot beverage. Without the sleeve, I've noticed that it might get little too hot to hold a drink while driving.If you're ever in the area of Charleston & I-15 freeway, looking for an affordable and tasty hot/cold drinks, give the Bentley's Coffee a shot!!  The ability to get a great warm drink without having to leave the comfort of your car is a real treat on a cold winter day.  I'd love to know thoughts once you do :D
4	If you like coffee, latte's, monsters, or caffeine in general this place is awesome and cheaper than buckies. With two sides for drive though traffic can get a little hectic. If you think your going to sail in and out of this place during the morning rush.. Bless your little soul for having dreams. I come here early or for a mid afternooner and usually only 0-2 cars ahead of me. Remember you have UMC, AMR, and the college campus all within walking distance who are all scrambling for their morning lifeline of caffeine. So get here early or be prepared to wait a few. It's worth it!
