4	Every time I go into this particular Subway, the guys behind the counter are just super friendly -- enough so where it kinda throws me off. One of the managers actually went out of his way to learn my name and another one of the guys recognized me when I came in today and I didn't even remember him. Not all Subways are equal.
1	WOW, I've been to a lot of Subways before, but this is the worst one yet. So, I order one of their featured sandwiches (the Turkey, avocado, and spinach sandwich). I tell the sandwich "artist" exactly what I want. He puts the turkey and cheese down and when it comes time for the veggies, fails to mention that he is out of spinach. I think that was an important overlooked detail that should've been mentioned at the beginning.. but okay. While he finishes making my sandwich, the MANAGER, starts ringing up the order. The artist forgets that it's a Turkey, AVOCADO, and spinach sandwich and has to add the avocado after I kindly remind him. After ringing up and paying for the order, the manager fails to add the avocado to the total and asks for additional money. I ask "why", the then start begins a very rude tone. As we walked out of the place, I hear "...some of these people".. I took a deep breathe and kept walking out.  Never going back here again. OH, and not mention that their credit card machine was out order and the lettuce was yellow. Just an absolute horrific experience.
1	The worst Subway sandwich I've ever had.  It's a 12" sandwich, how difficult can it be?  It practically exploded once the wrapper was opened. Eating it was next to impossible.  Tonight was the second consecutive experience like this...won't be back for a third disappointment.
1	THE WORST SUBWAY FRANCHISE EXPERIENCE!First off the employees at this franchise are EXTREMELY RUDE!!!! (And that's an Understatement!) I asked about their combos, both workers behind the counter looked at me at kept going about their business (not even a "I'll be with you sir in a moment" - nothing). I asked again, they ignored me and kept on making sandwiches.  I stood their at the counter until they acknowledged me,  finally an employee came over and helped me.  I ordered a 12 inch sub, I asked for NO Ham on my club, another worker piped in and said "That Will Be $2.50 Extra." I said for what, he said for adding meat. I said, I'm not adding meat, I simply don't want the Ham. He then said very rudely "I cannot do that, it cost us more for that,... I have to charge Extra $2.50!" (He had a very thick Accent,  and I don't think he or the other employee understood English very well as I just wanted the Club Sandwich without the Ham) I asked one more time very clearly about removing the Ham, the same male employee said the same thing again "It will be 2.50! Extra" with the same rude tone and unprofessional manner, then he mumbled and shook his head to the other employee something about "customers" even while I stood there paying. I wanted to say something back, but I took the higher road...I paid and walked out. Nonetheless it bothered me how this place stays in business treating their customers so rudely.  I WILL NEVER EVER GO TO THIS SUBWAY FRANCHISE AGAIN!TO FRANCHISE OWNER:1)  TEACH YOUR EMPLOYEES BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE. 2)  IT IS IMPERATIVE THAT YOUR  EMPLOYEES SPEAK BETTER ENGLISH TO COMMUNICATE MORE EFFECTIVELY WITH ENGLISH SPEAKING CUSTOMERS!.....(THIS AVOIDS MISCOMMUNICATION, POINT OF SALE ERRORS, AND THUS HELPS TO IMPROVE QUALITY OF SERVICE)
1	NOT GOOD! I tried to give this place several chances since they are so close to my home. However I will not patronize this store anymore and will go to the one by walmart off Elliot. With Piss Poor Attitudes / Expired Bread & Wilted veggies I WON'T NOT BE BACK!Consumers Beware of this Subway!....
5	I love this location! Its close to lots of stuff and easy to stop in for a quick bite to eat. The sandwich makers are always so friendly and polite. At some other places you feel like you are bothering them by asking them to do their job. Not here! Great Subway.
1	The manager here is a complete bitch. The kid helping me had been there 2 days and his manger is yelling at him like he's been a bad employee for years! ...he was good, wasn't rude, made my sandwich right..I felt bad for him honestly, that's not how the workplace usually is. Never going back
2	When I walked in the server (sandwich maker) just started talking to another person. We were the only people ordering. When we did order they were out of cheese. Then a lady came in (that was acting like a manager) telling the employees how 2 employees at another subway were killed execution style which she went into elaborate details.
