1	Service was cheerful, if slow. The smoked meat sandwich, medium, was cold and tasteless. The turkey with Swiss was tasteless as well.Neither of us finished our sandwiches. Oh, and the mustard was requested but somehow forgotten.While this place is convenient for us, whenever we want a good smoked meat sandwich, we will certainly NOT be coming back here. Shamefull.
3	I have been to this place about maybe 2 times, on my once frequent visits to Canada. Once, we had deli sandwiches to go, and the other we ate breakfast there. What to expect/About this place:You can expect a regular mom n pop owned Cote san luc deli place, with friendly people and also a sit down restaurant.Breakfast:Here, you can expect your average breakfast (i.e Eggs, Bagels, Pancakes etc...). Our waitress was pretty friendly, however the food wasn't too good. I remember having a bagel with cream cheese, and the creme cheese tasted somewhat sour and weird. Sandwiches to go:The sandwiches on the other hand were much better. They have a great over the counter service, and lots of choices of meats and cheeses too. I ended up getting a turkey sandwich with cheddar cheese which was great!Other comments I have to make:As I have read in other Yelpers reviews, this place opened in 1962, correct? Well I can kind of tell that this place defiantly need to be refurbished. That's why I rate Delly Boys 3 stars.
1	Awful. This place has truly hit rock bottom. Growing up I use to live and breathe this place, now I'm lucky if I don't go there by accident forgetting how garbage it is. Ordered the pizza, crust was extremely thin and crunchy, almost no cheese. Also got the small poutine, container was filled 60% of the way, the gravy was like water and the fries were so soggy I thought I was going to explode. My brother got a salad, with no dressing, and another order of soggy fries. All in all a terrible experience. And I will (hopefully) never order from this place ever again.
5	Ordered a smoked meat sandwich, old fashioned, lean and a black cherry. Simple. Loved it. Ordered a second one. Loved it too.Price is reasonable too. Excellent.
