4	Williams has been around here for-EV-er.  As a participant in a lot of theatre, I've been visiting them for almost as long.They have a large selection of costumes to buy and higher quality costumes you can rent.  They have Halloween-type makeup as well as professional stage makeup.  The people who work there are very knowledgeable and will help you as much as they can if you have a special request.  There's also a selection of fabrics in case you're handy with the ol' needle.It can be pricey to outfit someone here, but sometimes that's easier than pulling out the ol' sewin' machine.
5	This is such a cool store to just walk around. If you need anything costume related, they will have it here. Also, the people are so nice. Glenda is a wonderful person to talk to. She knows everything about rhinestones and origami and she is happy to share with you. She folded an origami heart for my mom and she allowed me to film it. I will post it on You-Tube. The owner was a showgirl back in the 1940's and 1950's. There is a National Geographic Special - Inside the Vegas Mob where she gives some insight. This is almost a historic monument. You should check it out.
5	Back in the day (from 1991 to 2003) I used to cosplay. ALOT. Went to Japan even and cosplayed at The Tokyo Game Show. Williams Costume SAVED me many, many times when I was in a bind and needed something- they always came through for me. Not only a really fun, cool store to browse; they know their stuff. Want to rent great costumes for Halloween and NOT look like everyone else at the party? Williams is the place to go! For those curious, they carry the SUPER-duper power Spandex Heddy's sold at one time. (are they still around?) They really come thru with accessories, and have lots of stuff to make things VERY sparkly.If you don't sew, and want to hire someone, they have a corkboard in the front with contact info for talented peeps who can make your dream happen!I love Williams Costume Co!
4	This is where people in the shows get their supplies- that's what I was told when I was there. This store has been around for years. Huge selection of materials- fabric, sequins, everything for the creative costume ideas. Unique store. I came over on a saturday afternoon. After a ton of browsing, I ended up buying a couple pieces of fabric (hot pink & purple) that's still in my craft room, but I intend on making something out of it soon- when I borrow a sewing machine. I've been wanting to make some Halloween costumes for a while. I agree that the pricing tends to be higher at times, but it's still a small price to pay when you look at the costume prices today. The average prices at Wal-Mart and Target for adult costumes was roughly $35- $45. I've always wanted a Disney Snow White costume but the price is about $60 for the most accurate one. Plus, when you make your own costume, it's not cookie-cutter. A great source for all your costuming needs. I want to check out the other one (on Valley View) to see which one is better.
5	I just adore this shop! My mother knows exactly who the owner is and has been dealing with this retired showgirl for all of my younger life. My mother performed ballet, belly dancing and participated in many of the Greek festivals as a dancer. The day I walked in to the store to use for my own purposes was a day in my history as a Burlesque performer for Las Vegas' first and only classic strip tease troupes, Babes In Sin Las Vegas Burlesque! I was so damn proud and, even though she had not heard of any of the new Burlesque going on, we had a connection through my mother. She told me about Tempest and Lili and several other Burlesque Legends that had frequented place. I love to hear about all the history of Vegas! I spent a whole day in there! It's easy to do, let me tell you ; ) Sequins patches and appliques, rhinestones, long fringe in a variety of colors, feathers, headress forms, materials, props...showgirl heaven!!! And here's a little tip for those of you who found your visit less than pleasant. Go in with confidence!!! If you don't, you'll be eaten alive. Same goes for the stage! You can't have anyone running you around. You need to know EXACTLY what you came in there for and they'll direct you right to it. If you are going to browse, fine, please do. Just don't give her the rope to hang you with!!! And if you can get her to tell you some stories...WINNING!!! You're not going to find another place like William's ever. This is a huge part of Las Vegas showbiz history. Embrace it and it will hug you right back!!!
5	A BURLESQUE DANCER'S DREAM COME TRUE!!I love this place! It's a must stop when in Vegas. And I LOVE Ellie! What a fabulous look. Totally a must-see. One of the best costume stores ever with loads of vintage deadstock merch. Yum.
5	Wow! Tried my best to not spend everything I have in here! If you like shiny sequins, gems, rhinestones & more...this place is for you!Found some amazing sequin trims that I'll be able to use on my lingerie/corset designs. Was also able to purchase long black fringe (they actually have lots of colours & lengths to choose from!)The Deuce & the Strip Express go right by, you'll have to walk about 1-2 blocks, but worth the stop if you like shiny things, or you do crafts/sew.
5	The owner of the Attic recommended we stop by Williams Costume Co and we're glad we did.My friend wears a pair of glasses that are decorated with rhinestones. Over the years a few have fallen out and she has attempted to replace some (alittle unsuccessfully). While visiting this store we met Glenda the Rhinestone Queen. HER NAME TAG DOESN'T LIE.She knew exactly what size/color/type of stones my friend's glasses needed. She was able to tell which stones my friend incorrectly replaced AND Glenda even glued in the missing stones for us. She was fantastic!My friend also picked up some sequins and appliques and Glenda cut us a deal. Which is the nicest thing my friend could have asked for being a fashion design student on a budget.If you want some bling, TALK TO GLENDA.
3	My husband and I came here looking for something retro to wear for our Elvis vow renewal.  We didn't end up getting a costume (we decided "regular" clothes would be a better idea) but I'm sure we could have found something if we wanted.  This place is stuffed with costumes!William's Costume is old by Vegas standards.  In a town where everything gets blown up after 50 years, I'm surprised it's still around.  Hooray for preserving history!Step through the doors and you'll feel like you're transported to another era.  Throughout the store you will get that "old building smell" and the feeling that the walls could use a bit of a scrubbing.  There were interesting pictures of all the Vegas celebrities that have made their way to William's, some of the pictures I would say were at least 40 or 50 years old.  In the first room you will find costumes for purchase, some of which looked like they have been sitting on the rack for 30 years.  You will also find fabric, beads and everything in between for your crafting needs.  In the second room is where you will find the costumes for rent.  They had hundreds on the showroom floor and we were told there were thousands more in storage if you knew what you were looking for.  I don't recall any signage telling you the different sections of costumes, but you can figure it out... gladiators over there, flapper girls over here...  When we made our visit there were giant scary bunny costumes out for Easter.  A few of them could cause children's nightmares if they were put in use.For the rental costumes, you could tell they were cared for but many of them were just very old and it showed.  I would recommend looking at them in person before reserving one.  Also, the prices seemed a bit high to me.If you are good with a needle and thread then I would highly suggest coming here.  The selection seemed larger than what I've seen at Michaels or even Jo Ann Fabrics.  If you are in the market for a costume, this is a nice stop over all the Halloween stores in town.  Plus you'll be supporting this Vegas treasure.
5	The only costume shop I visit in Las Vegas.
3	It's tough to judge this place. On one hand, I came out empty handed. On the other, I feel like in the right circumstance this place is a gold mine. So, I had an 80's party to attend and came here to find an outfit. Unfortunately, the 80's seem like a lost decade and every costume in the place was from the 60's and 70's. There were all sorts of fabrics and shiny things, so if you had some talent with a sewing machine or if you are cool dropping $40 on a used costume, you're in the right place! Otherwise, this place doesn't do what a party city can do for ya. Hate to say that but it's true.
5	Yeeee! Another must for Las Vegas! Staff are so friendly and helpful.
5	LOVE this place!!! I rhinestone everything and love to craft and this costume store carries Swarovski rhinestones as well as other great crystal options for very reasonable prices and tons of other embellishment options!!!! I would recommend this store to anyone and amazing customer service! It's a hidden jem!
5	Just fabulous old-school, retro Vegas independently owned store with a "golden-years of Hollywood" flare. Might not have as much "stock" as a Jo Anns BUT I'm always finding new rhinestones, fun sequin bits, along with vintage goodies! And for the cheapest prices in town! A+
5	If you want a costume, this is the place to go! Also if you want it for one night, the cost is very reasonable as these are not your "party city" costumes that will fall apart after one wearing, but rather full costumes that are designed for authenticity.  They also have just about everything you can imagine so whether you need the Amelia Earhart costume for your kids' school living history museum, or that sexy pirate wench for the Halloween party, you will find it here.I was mildly disappointed they can't work with you on the price for the children's costumes as it would have cost me two rentals if I got the full costume there.  However, they do have accessory packs at reasonable prices and thats what I opted for.The staff seems helpful but not overly enthusiastic.
