1	Oh..this place has very rude waitress..we politely asked for an extra empty plate for my toddler , she responded very rudely saying I have only  have two hands OK..wow so much attitude for asking an extra empty plate..my kids are taken by surprise with this kind of rudeness...of course we are never going to return this place again ever..
3	Service is not their strength, but the food is pretty decent. Nice portions, good prices, and average taste.Just ask for a receipt, please. I hate restaurants that are non-compliant with the law requiring them to provide printed receipts. Pho 88 is still using handwritten receipts and I doubt they are recording cash sales in the register.
4	This is such a good Vietnamese restaurant. Service is kinda awkward because some of the servers are more fluent in Vietnamese than others, but overall it's good. They have a good, cheap selection of appetizers, rice dishes and of course, soups. As well as the traditional pho, they have stuff like tom yum, beef ball soup.. Good stuff! The portions are of a good size and the dishes always delicious. If you order a soup you get a little plate with bean sprouts, thai basil - which they grow themselves on the deck (in the summer at least) - and lime, and there are a plethora of condiments already on the table, including sriracha, chili paste, fish sauce.. and a bunch of other stuff I haven't even tried!A main dish is usually under $10, so if you get an appetizer with it and include the tips, a meal for one usually comes up to $15 - pretty good if you ask me. The owner of the place is also very friendly and cheery, so it's a nice little atmosphere they have going.I highly recommend this restaurant if you like soups. I however have not tried the rice or noodle-based dishes, but I assume they are just as good :)
3	Good soups, good price. Nothing extraordinary, but would come back since it's close to me.
4	One of the best Vietnemese places I've found so far in Montreal.  Location is not great right on the Decarie, but it's worth finding a parking spot for the food inside!  Good service and fast as well.
5	Hey hey I just moved to Montreal and I wanted to eat pho.. so I went to Pho 88, as the name suggests, there was a pho, but not just any pho, a tasty pho, a reasonable affordable price with a larger than normal side of bean sprouts, my favorite!!! The servers were very courteous and nice and because it was Sunday after 5 but before the rush hour I parked right outside very easily. A lot of people there, it was a nice not creepy atmosphere with tasty food!! Five stars for this one!!!
4	Very crowdy during the lunch time. Choose other eating hours, otherwise you will have to share your table with strangers. Good food. Amazing asian fragrances. Look for the best recipes on the wall board.  The fried ice cream is mandatory. The service could be better, the waitreses are always in a hurry and don't have time to explain the menu. The prices are really good for the portions the offer.
3	Good place to eat with some friends! Food is pretty good from my opinion! Sometimes they are crowded sometimes no! They workers are friendly and the prices are not bad! But acceptable!
2	It was not very good. Not terrible though. The pho and the tom yum both lacked hugely in flavour. Very very bland. The beef in the pho was awful, tasted like processed meat. The spring roll and imperial roll were average. The peanut sauce was so strange, it tasted watered down. The service was fantastic, however and the staff all really friendly. They do take debit now to whomever wrote that they didn't. The place was clean and they offer a large menu. I would maybe go back but perhaps try ordering something different.
4	Tred tres bon! Service rapide et agreable :) je reviendrai 100% pas d'accord avec les commentaires negatifs.
