5	So why did it take me so long to visit this resort around the corner from me?!  Talk about romantic and beautiful grounds!  The bar spills out onto a gorgeous courtyard, complete with awesome mountain views and fabby fountain.  Fantastic service, very ZEN, and prompt bartending!  Their cocktails are mostly all unique and fun.  Great wines by the glass & YUMMY appies!  They have an amazing Happy Hour - i am sooo going back asap!
5	The R-Bar is just what the Camelback Inn needed. An upscale indoor/outdoor lounge that is comfortable, classy and romantic all at the same time. And the view of the mountains at dusk are lovely as well. Located off the main building where the pool used to be- during the recent renovation, they turned this space into one of my favorite areas at this resort. Nestle down into a comfy couch or chair with a loved one. Sit around one of the two fire pits in cozy chairs listening to the live music that begins each night around 7. Entertain a large party in the pergola. Listen to the many water features trickling and bubbling you into peaceful tranquility. The service is spot on. You can order from the bar menu or if you are looking for a little more- ask for the restaurant menu and they will accommodate that as well. The food is quite good and trust me- during my stay- I think we sampled it all! Plenty of signature drinks, beers and wines to choose from. So the next time you are looking for the perfect way to end or begin your evening in the area, stop into the R-Bar. This is Arizona living at it's finest.
5	I've found my favorite outdoor spot in Scottsdale after visiting the R Bar at the Camelback Inn. Imagine this: fire pits, live music, fabulous drinks, waterfront dining and overlooking desert mountains. The service was amazing and the atmosphere is perfect. Just in case the Camelback Inn wasn't already a Phoenix gem to visitors and residents alike, the new R Bar doesn't leave a question in my mind that it is now. What to drink:Try the Berry Mojito. It's the perfect blend of fresh berries and so refreshing for a night out under the stars. What to eat:Start with the Fundido and the Guacamole. If you are in the mood for fish, try the fish tacos. They have just a little kick to them that adds Southwestern flavor to the classic taco. Be prepared to take your time and relax at R Bar and not because the service is slow. The service was spectacular. However, you're going to find yourself having such a great time listening to the live band and wishing this is what your backyard looked like, you won't want to leave. This spot is perfect for a night out with friends and family or a romantic dinner for two.
5	Once again the R Bar lives up to its beautiful setting. The happy hour menu is fabulous and the drink specials are great! It was the perfect place to take out of town guests this week. It is always a good place to enjoy an early cocktail hour with friends. The Mojito is delicious!
4	My new favorite HH spot.  Great drink and appy features/prices and you cannot beat the setting!  See you Friday!
2	2/23/10Sat at the patio to admire the colorful and lush surroundings, but at the expense of sitting on very damp cushions, which I didn't even notice until I had risen to go the restroom to wash my hands before having a bite to eat.  (Another man sitting at the next table eventually stood up to look for drier cushions, as well.)  Service was very friendly- that is, up until I paid, but more about this later.  Ordered the weekly drink special- the rose margarita.  Delicious!  Pretty, too.  For apps, I tried the Cilantro hummus ($2) and the Grilled steak skewers ($5).  Loved the hummus and pita, and the pita also paired well w/ the spicy cheese sauce that came w/ the steak skewers.  As for the skewers themselves... these were processed meat pieces, not from fresh steaks.  I did not appreciate the texture.  (I'm very interested to read about others' opinions on this dish.)  To think I received more satisfaction from a $2 dish and a cheese sauce!  At least the margarita was very good...As I've said, the service was very friendly, and patient, answering all of my allergy concerns.  I had a very hard time securing a working outlet for my laptop, though, w/ my server and the assistant manager saying that the outlet that I found was "out-of-service."  Yet, a third server/runner enthusiastically offered to get maintenance to have a look at the outlet, only to be intercepted by the asst. mgr., and suddenly, I was out of luck again.  Apparently, the asst. manager didn't want me to have use of my laptop while sitting outside.  Too bad, bec. I would've ordered another drink AND a dessert had I been able to stay much longer, but my dying battery had me packing and looking for an outlet to use elsewhere.  (Also, when it looked like I wasn't going to have access to an outlet, and after repeated visits from the server regarding dessert, I decided to ask for my receipt.  It took quite awhile to get the table ticket.  It seemed like when she knew I wasn't planning on ordering anything more, the friendly service disappeared.  Where once I had two or more reps coming over asking if I needed their assistance, I now couldn't even flag down one for a glass of water!)I'd like to come back to surround myself again in such sensuous and verdant environs; I just will be sure not to visit right after it rains.  I may even just skip R-Bar and try Rita's Kitchen or BLT Steak's happy hour menus, instead.  Perhaps it's best not to return at all?  I wouldn't want to trouble the Camelback Inn staff to wait on a troublesome customer such as myself...
5	You can't be R-Bar on a beautiful Arizona night (not the hot kind, the beautiful spring and fall kind). The Camelback Inn recently modeled this place and Wow! Its absolutely gorgeous and everything you want. Lots of space, plenty of oversized furniture, fire pits, twinkle lights, water features and live music all against the background of the mountains. You'll pay for it with cocktails averaging $14, but its so worth it. My husband and I (late 20s) love coming here for a nightcap after dinner. We just sit and listen to the live music and enjoy the beautiful Arizona nights. We love walking through the property and sitting in the secluded Adirondack chairs and enjoying our drinks. It doesn't get better than this on a nice night.We were hesitant to try - thought it would be an older, stuffy crowd but its not at all. Its very laid back with the music of visitors/guests and locals.
4	What a beautiful setting, great service and excellent prices at happy hour!  This place is just cozy and a great place to have a few cocktails.
5	as the holidays fade into the calendar behind me i reflect back on the month of december and i realize i spent the entire past month attending an ocean of parties, drinking a river of christmas cocktails, and wading through a forest of friends at random gatherings in a haze of booze and mistletoe.it was festive, it was fun... and it was exhausting. as i scroll back through the rolodex of 2010 holiday memories, the R Bar most certainly stands out as one of my top 5 favorite evenings.our very big group of holiday revelers was initially seated indoors as we waited for a circle of chairs surrounding a fire pit to free up. right after we ordered our first round, the sweetheart of a hostess ran over to let us know the party sitting there had just closed their tab and we could pounce on the coveted area. once our group was seated outdoors in over sized lounge chairs beneath twinkle lights by a crackling fire, i took note of the rest of our surroundings.... stunning! a striking desert rock formation as a backdrop, waterfalls roaring, a moat trickling through, live music filled the air, laughter, conversation, clinking glasses.i don't know if it was the group i was there with, the energy of the crowd, or that everyone seems to be in an especially happy mood during the holidays, but the air had an electricity to it that night.... i settled back into the cushions, poured myself deep into a cocktail and let me date hold my hand.  we ended up staying until closing time and then finally moved onto a new venue.alas, R Bar is the kind of place you don't remember much about the service because it was so flawlessly executed... you don't remember the name of your drink, only that it tasted divine and you barely remember the conversations you had, only that you laughed the entire time.however, you DO remember you hated leaving and couldn't wait to come back.PS: ok, i lied. i did remember ordering the rose margarita a few times and yummmm.
5	Go for the Guacamole and the Sangria! I am a fan of the Camelback Inn. It is a great place to get away from the Valley while in the Valley. It's atmosphere and elegance are wonderful and only matched by the red sangria made at the R Bar. It's fresh with delicious bits of fruit and with just the right amount of  sweetness. My wife and I stopped in after dinner one night and spent the evening finishing a pitcher of this great nectar of the gods. Moreover the R Bar atmosphere adds to the experience. We spent part of the evening lounging on a comfortable couch in the corner and the rest staring at the stars while sitting around one of the outdoor fire rings. Looking for a romantic end to the night or a great place to meet up with friends for a special escape? I highly recommend the R Bar.
4	Great atmosphere. The service was adequate despite the throngs of grey haired snowbirds and restless teenagers forced to text and pout while their parents got blitzed on sangria. The queso fundito was very good while the chicken enchiladas had a few "opportunity areas". My advice for locals....order a $40+ pitcher of some fruity cocktail, sit back, relax and pretend you are on vacation.
4	I have stopped in here several times and have had great experiences all around. This weekend after a dinner at BLT we came in for an after dinner cocktail and were treated extremely well yet again. I have only eaten off the happy hour menu, which is varied, reasonable and includes some bar favorites. You can't really go wrong with that combination. Happy hour also offers several $6 cocktails - the one with prickly pear and pear vodka is divine - and glasses of wine for $5. The bar staff knows how to mix up anything you can conjure up (I've tested them) and are friendly and attentive. The lounge is happening several nights a week with live music and in the quiet nook that is Pardise Valley finding a live active bar scene can be a gift.
5	This is THE go-to hangout at the Camelback. There's a bar proper with about eight seats, a couple of communal tables, then couch-and-chair seating inside. There's also an enormous patio area out back with live music some evenings and a water feature like a small moat. Happy hour gets very popular, with $5 wine and draft beers, some $6 cocktails (made with some real liquors, not house crap). One of the $5 wines is a very good Albarino, which qualifies as an exceptional bargain in my book. They also have some reduced-price appetizers at happy hour, including a generous $3 chips-and-salsa with a sampler of four different salsas (all very good.)They also serve lunch in here, and they have amazing fish tacos. I've stayed at the resort twice and made copious use of this place both times. I've never run across a staff member who was anything less than exceptionally pleasant and efficient.
5	This is definitely THE place to have a romantic happy hour with that favorite person.  Sit on the patio next to the fire, enjoy the ambiance of the views of Camelback Mountain and the food and drink on the happy hour menu.  The servers are efficient, friendly and personable without being intrusive.
5	Lively and fun Happy Hour. Drinks are great. Food is good. Atmosphere is fun yet relaxing. What else can you ask for on a Friday afternoon?
5	One of the best Happy Hours I have ever been to!  The food was outstanding and the service was great!  The drinks were strong and the prices (especially for the quality) were fantastic!!Hubby and I got there close to 4:00 on a Monday night and we were able to get a great spot with a nice view.  By 4:30, the crowd was increasing.  Our waitress was excellent!  I asked for a variation on the drink menu and not only was she accommodating, but she included it as part of the $6.00 HH drink menu!  It was a house-made Skinny Margarita (both hubby and I ordered it) and it was tasty and STRONG!  I had 2 of these delicious drinks, and that was 1 too many!  Yes, I'm a bit of a light weight when it comes to tequila, but still...it was STRONG!!  :-)For food, we ordered Guacamole to share (YUM!!!!), hubby had the Filet Mignon Sliders with Blue Cheese (OMG, they were divine!!) and I had the seared Ahi tuna.  The Ahi was good, but it felt weird to eat it with a fork....I have NEVER eaten Ahi without chopsticks.  Sac-religious of sorts.  This ended up being our dinner because it was so filling and satisfying.  Two of us ate fantastic food (to include quality Filet Mignon and Ahi) and we had 3 kick-butt drinks for under $35!!!!   That's a GREAT deal!!!If it hadn't been for the fact that it was 110 degrees, we would have enjoyed the lovely outdoor area.  I hope that our travels bring us back here in the winter!!I posted a few pictures, but I need to apologize for the fuzziness of the Ahi pic...I was on my second Margarita by that time!  LOL
5	Really good happy hour. Beautiful patio!
5	After returning to NM from a weekend at the Camelback Inn, I am missing it already! This bar was awesome- a huge open outdoor space with live music and immpeccable service. The first night we had some of their great happy hour- $4 maragaritas and queso fundido. Then the next day we came back and had some more great apps- all under $6! The filet mignon sliders and the guacamole were the favorite of our group of 4. When we first arrived at The Camelback Inn we were considering going out for drinks/dinner and we ended up staying right where we were- why leave?
4	Habanero salsa was fantastic and it is available solo, and not just in the salsa sampler.  Happy hour had some very reasonable deals for a high end resort such as this one.  Glad to see numerous craft beer options.  Margarita good for happy hour, but pricey any other time.  Very polite, professional service at the bar.
4	One of my favorite spots for happy hour (I think it is daily from 3-6) in the valley. I love their open and spacious patio. They have a beautiful view. And live music everyday on the patio at 7. Valet parking is free. I love to get their special margarita during happy hour, it's always something fun an different. The last one I had included thyme and it was yummy! Some of our favorite happy hour items are the salsa sampler, guac, carne asada tacos, chicken quesadilla, and filet mignon sliders all under $7. We usually get the salsa and and maybe 1 or 2 other items which easily make a full meal. The large fire pits are a great spot to sit if you are looking to socialize with other guests. There's not an uncomfortable seat outside where you can't just sit back and relax, which you will since the service is also pretty relaxed.  Please note, they always ask us if we are a guest at the hotel or not when ordering and take our credit card if we are not.
3	Great ambiance and really good live band the Friday night we went!  Food portions were super tiny and expensive for happy hour though so that was a little frustrating. It gets packed so get there early for HH.
5	Jamie C. is so wrong.  I LOVE the Camelback and will be there again soon.  All my experiences have been great.  The staff, the restaurants, the bar and the fantastic spa are the best!  I can't wait to go back.....
3	I'm surprised R Bar rates so high. The food is terrible, so it must be for the patio. I have been several times and the food is always mediocre at best. The service is notably slow too. Yes, they have an awesome patio but R Bar has lots of competition. There are so many great places in town that have wonderful patios AND great food AND service.
5	I would drive all the way from the Bay Area for the enchiladas. Seriously. They are that good. Had them for every meal of my stay. Loved siting out on the patio by the fire pits. Live music was going on inside each night but the patio was relaxed and intimate. They had ice wine on the menu which is hard to come by. Server Quincy was a gem.
4	Cute place. Service was attentive, drinks were sweet. A live music trio played. I will say that during happy hour it's better to go down the hall to the BLT Steak (bar) for a deal and the popovers.
4	Greeaattt Mojitos and a great band on Saturdays!Prompt, professional wait staff.
3	Stopped in here for happy hour. The happy hour cocktails were tasty, and the food was pretty good. The fundido dip was our favorite item( although it was pretty greasy on top). Decently priced happy hour, and what we ordered was pretty good, but we weren't wowed enough to return again in the future probably.
4	The R Bar has great specials on food and drinks during happy hour from 3:00-6:00, daily, which you can enjoy sitting up high on bar stools or sinking into a comfy low couch.Thursday, my roommate and I enjoyed fish tacos, pan seared, NOT breaded and fried.  Two regular size tacos come folded in soft corn tortillas with crisp cabbage and veggies displayed in an ingenious zig-zag shaped metal holder with a side of salsa for $7.00. (I think they are $15 normally.  I had a glass of merlot off the happy hour menu and it wasn't bad.Friday, my roommate ordered the chicken tacos and I ordered the lettuce wrap chicken fajitas.  The lettuce shell (several layers thick) was piled so high with yummy chicken and peppers that I had to eat a good bit of it before there was any hope of getting the lettuce to wrap around anything.  They should have called it the lettuce spilling out everywhere fajitas.  They arrived with sides of salsa and sour cream.Saturday, we missed happy hour by a few minutes and ended up splitting a quesadilla that was very tasty.  I ordered a Kiltlifter from local Tempe, AZ brewery Four Peaks which I enjoyed immensely.  There was live music to help me get over my sadness at missing happy hour.On Sunday, I rad the lettuce wrap fajitas again - they were just too good to keep switching, and another Kiltlifter.  My boss ordered the sliders and seemed to enjoy them.  They have live music nightly starting at 6:00 pm.
5	Modernized but staying true to,an old school kind of 60's swingers' vibe, hey dole out delicious hand crafted cocktails and delectable small plates. It's swank but approachable.And every night is live music gotta love that!
5	Great place for happy hour. Food was delish, margaritas were fantastic, and of course, the service was great! only drawback was that we driver thru town looking for this bar, yelp directions were incorrect. Aside from the detour, we loved this place.
5	All I have to say is.... the first and best Damn Manhattan I've ever had!  And the addition of a shot of grand Marnier is what makes it special
2	They recently changed Happy Hour offerings. Gone are the best sangria in town, healthy fish tacos and fabulous shrimp and chicken enchiladas. You can order them off main menu but you will pay dearly. Too bad, this place had the best happy hour around.
3	Being outside on patio with the beautiful back drop of the mountains was exactly what I was hoping for and music was nice. Service and food were mediocre at best.  Ordered everything on the Happy hour just to sample. Go for the environment and enjoy :) They also took my credit card when I wanted to pay cash and said at the end I can pay in cash which I did and then two days later saw my credit card was charged too :( I was of course NOT happy about that and the time it took with the accounting department and my bank. UGH!
5	Fantastic patio, great value on the food. The green Chile pork sliders are amazing....
4	The outdoor area is spectacular!  Drinks are a little pricey but the food is good and so is the service.
3	Don't go here for the music. Not that the music is bad, it's just not worth the $13 margaritas.Also keep in mind, this is a resort, so there are plenty of kids hanging around. Not exactly a live music atmosphere.I wish I could make a recommendation for a live music venue with a relaxed atmosphere. But most Phoenix musicians, and artists generally, make their money out of town.
5	Loved our late night snack at the R Bar. The filet mignon sliders with blue cheese were done to perfection. The setting was so relaxing. The following afternoon we returned for iced teas, chips, salsa and guacamole. Again, the food was fabulous, the setting was lovely and the misters felt wonderful under the desert heat.
5	So nice, loved the live music, Good drinks and fun catching up with a friend. If your in the area you should stop in for happy hour. The open air area was outstanding.
