5	Had a great lunch, nice semi formal atmosphere.Breakfast, at 12.5$ all included. Also nice. Returning soon.
3	I came here with friends and my sister at the suggestion of a concierge at the hotel I stayed at while in Montreal. We asked for recommendations for reasonably priced, nice quality French food and this was the first idea. Glad we went! They start you off with some mini quiche and some fresh baguette slices. Most of the items on the menu reminded me of classic meals one would find in France, including chevre chaud salad and some interesting meat entrees. We ordered several french onion soups which satisfied the cravings of many, and some tasty salads. The house red wine was wonderful too! Had a lovely experience overall. The decor was quite Parisian as well, which made for a pleasant setting. The waiters are dressed quite formally, so I would definitely throw on a blazer or a nice top, just advice so that you don't look too out-of-place. The only negative aspect was that they took forever to bring the facture (bill), but it was still nice that they left time for us to chat amongst ourselves I guess. I would take my parents here, it's definitely a restaurant that young adults and their parents would enjoy together.
4	I just spent a week in Paris, and this reminded me a lot of the brasseries where I had a lot of my meals.   For the reviewers that complain about this place, I think it is because they do not understand French brasserie food.  Pommes frites ("french fries") for example are a VERY typical accompaniment to any grilled meat dish, particularly beef, chicken, or lamb.  If I'd been served "au gratin" potatoes with my bavette de l'ayalou (skirt steak) I'd have been very suspicious!  By the way, the meat was cooked perfectly, with a nice char on the outside and warm and red in the center (not too rare).I had dinner here with my family, and we were all very pleased with our meal (and we are all very big "foodies").  The food is unpretentious, reasonably priced, and served in a very comfortable atmosphere with attentive, friendly service.  In a word - a classic  French brasserie (but with good service).   For those who don't understand what a "brasserie" is, it is like an English pub, but with a brighter lighting, better food, and an emphasis on wine and/or coffee rather than pints of warm flat beer.  :-)
