5	In my first year of university in Edinburgh me and my flat mates would finish lectures at the smae time and all head to Metropole for a breakfast roll - the best, we agreed, we had ever had.However, Meropole does more than just serve breakfast to students - its open way later, and serves food, coffee and teas all day long. Everything from 'Lite Bites' (Tapas, Nacho's, Paninis and soups) to big hearty meals such as cottage pie or chilli con carne. There is also a huge selection of sweet treats, such as millionairres shortbread and cake.The interior is very bohemian chiqe - bare wood tables and squishy mismatched chairs,  but this all adds to the relaxed vibe in Metropole.Its unsuprising then that Metropole is always full of students, families and office workers - at breakfast, lunch or dinner.
2	A fresh, airy and modern interior doesn't detract from the below average food and drink available at the Metropole. Like so many aesthetically appealing cafe's, they often don't have the quality of service nor food to back up their image.I had a weak and luke-warm coffee here and an equally naff panini. Not particularly expensive but not particularly good either. A bit transparent.
3	Metropole Coffee House is situated in an ideal location in the centre of Newington, a short walk from the University, halls of residence and the Meadows. So it is a great place for students to grab their breakfast or lunch on their way to classes. Inside it is very spacious and airy with lots of big flower pots and seating booths. Despite calling itself a Coffee House, Metropole serves so much more. They serve delicious cooked breakfasts, salads and soups as well as more ethnic style food such as Moroccan style hummus and olive dishes - yum! The staff are always very friendly and the food is very reasonably priced for what you get. Metropole Coffee House also have free WiFi and I took my laptop there one afternoon to do some work, but I found the connection painfully slow and I barely managed to get any work done. However, this was several months ago and I haven't tried their WiFi since so hopefully the connection will be much faster now.
3	Metropole, from the outside, looks like a classy little cafe.  The experience on the inside may leave you wanting more, but I would still recommend it as a good place for a cuppa with a friend.I was here just yesterday for lunch, and there was just a smattering of customers considering it was a Sunday and not particularly early in the morning.  We all ordered some food and drink, and sat down in one of the booths.  The food arrived before too long.  It was a tasty meal for sure, but I felt slightly let down by the quality of the food.  However, I don't want this to sound like a negative review, because it isn't one.I have a recommendation from a good friend that Metropole is a great place to do uni work, as she said she wrote a fair bit of her dissertation in there with a friend and a cup of coffee.  This is helped by the free wi-fi, which although broken at my visit, would be very useful.  I imagine it's a popular student haunt, as the other reviewers have already testified, being not a great distance from Pollock Halls and other university accommodation.All in all, a good place for some cheap studenty grub, but maybe not for that sophisticated cafe plate of food that so many others in the city provide.
4	This place is nothing out of the ordinary, but I'm bumping it up to 4 because it has such a friendly atmosphere. I'm half of the mind to give it a lower rating because the coffee there is downright appalling, but the food is cheap and varied. They change the lunch menus often enough so that you won't get bored. They have mexican food, lasagne, caesar salad, soup (with brown or white bread) as well as a salad bar. The portions are generous and the vegetarian dishes are actually edible, which isn't something I can say for every cafe in Edinburgh. The cakes are the definition of yum.The space has huge windows and big tables, and there are always a few newspapers lying about. It generally attracts an older crowd and families during the weekends. It's definitely popular, but at the same time, it's a great place to work because it's never very noisy. It's kind of out of the center of the city, so it's not overpopulated by students. The locals have stood their ground here.
3	Take a cardigan, this place is always cold! I really only go in summer, and even on a sunny day like today it was chilly. And yet, I still go, because the food's tasty and it's in a handy location for me. Metropole is lovely to look at - high ceilings, big windows, and booths round the edge to sit in. The food's delicious - I usually have a sandwich and chips, but there's always a couple of specials, and some delicious-sounding mains. And the staff are great and ... I feel bad for giving it three stars, but it's no fun eating with your coat on!
4	Getting late on a Saturday night we were walking further away from our usual haunts and our hopes of finding a place to eat were getting slimmer. We stumbled across the Metropole Grand and decided to give it a shout.While it's a really lovely building, the layout, with a large glass chiller cabinet near the front door made it feel a bit like a buffet room in an all incisive deal. This aside it felt pretty well put together, with plenty of space to relax and dine in comfort. The evening menu wasn't that extensive, I think there were 5 or 6 choices, but I opted for the special of chicken on green lentils while sugar and spice opted for grilled halloumi on couscous. Wow. Everything was great. I don't normally head for the lentil options but so glad I tried this one. Worked completely and actually felt sad when the last fork-full went in. The halloumi was perfect and we both left well and truly contented with our dining experience. Add very good service and a decent wine option and it's a very difficult decision to go 4 rather than 5 stars. It's great, not amazing but great.
5	Popped in for brunch one day cannot fault the service or the excellent food. It's a little chilly inside so wrap up and enjoy the warm hospitality
4	Must agree with other reviews, the temperature in here is the one thing that lets it down! I have only ever been in for breakfast, and it's the best in Newington fo sho! I HEART their Eggs Benny, and fresh coffee tastes sooo good! They also do freshly squeezed orange juice, which is the bomb (especially when hungover). If you are in the area this is your best breakfast option (apart from my breakfast, but that's invite only!!)It's cold, FYI
