3	I love sushi, and tend to eschew the all you can eat places for being of lower quality sushi.  A buddy asked if I wanted to get some sushi at this new place in Chinatown and he mentioned it was an all you can eat place.  I went anyone and therefore it was a surprise to me that the food was actually pretty good.For 25 dollars, you can have all you can eat sushi/sashimi, which is not bad.  It is the best all you can eat that I have found.However, the service wasn't that great.  We placed our first orders on the sheet and we only received half of them.  So we had to place another order for more food which extended our time in the restaurant.  I will chalk it up to the restaurant being relatively new.  I will go back and check it out with a smaller group next time.
1	1. Food was mediocre-Overpriced for what it's worth. 2. Service was atrocious -items we ordered did not come, the server was not in the dining room when we wanted tea/the bill3. Dangerous floors? lol 2 people fell during the time we had dinner4. Menu is not up to date - it doesn't say that ice cream is just for dinner but apparently it is5. Waitresses/Waiters cannot communicate properly in English or French and are very slow to attend to our needs7. Plates to eat with were not given to us until we had to ask.8. The waitress was erasing past selections on the all-you-can-eat menu from past customers on our table before we could select our items. Unprofessional... and ghetto..OVERALL: Don't waste your time or money. You can find sushi which is better/equivalent with faster service elsewhere.
2	I'll start off by reviewing the food. Prices are not that bad, and the food was not that bad. But not great either. We had a la carte, not the all you can eat. I had a chirashi with too much rice. The sashimi was very fresh and delicious though, but they only had a few slices per type of fish. I also had a salmon tartare. It was affordable and the sauce was great. My boyfriend had the ramen which was very plain and bland. My friend had a beef ramen, and the beef was good according to him. He also had a sashimi plate. Again, sashimi was decent and fresh. Now service. Very. Very. Bad. And also awkward. The waitresses do not know what they serve or the menu itself. They confused my boyfriend and friend's dish. They also did not know what a chirashi was, until I pointed it in the menu. The manager looked out of it, and so did the other waitresses. Nobody was approachable or attentive. There was no hostess or anybody to greet me. ( I came late when meeting my bf and friend) To sum up it's a high end looking restaurant with mediocre food and very unprofessional service. Wouldn't go again,
1	Do not go there!Yesterday we ate "all you can eat sushi". After we received our first order, we noticed that the sushi chef kept sneezing again and again while preparing the food.  I called the waitresses and told her about it, and requested the check, since I did not want to continue ordering more sushi. The waitress and her manager found it very funny, and were laughing at us as we paid and exited the restaurant.I would never go there and do not recommend this place to anyone.P.S. The sushi we already ate was not good either.
1	This place is TERRIBLE. Do NOT go.I went here this afternoon for lunch with my friend, and all I can say is it was the single worst dining experience in my life. The sushi was mediocre, and let me say for the all you can eat menu, being charged for uneaten sushi was disgusting.My friend is allergic to mayo, and after ordering we informed our waitress. I don't think these girls spoke French or English, after telling her the news she returned to her post, and said nothing to the chef. Well, lo-and-behold, our food came back, with mayo. We didn't eat those rolls, and when the bill came, we asked to speak to the manager. She was completely incompetent, and they both seemed to think that a simple "Sorry" would suffice for their carelessness. After about ten minutes of back and forth with the manager, our waitress said, "Pay or leave." We left. However, then the manager thought it would be a good time to do her job. This woman physically held me, and demanded more than what our bill requested. After giving her a proper yelling, they agreed to let us go for half the price.Go get your sushi somewhere else, this place is horrendous.
3	O.K. all you can eat sushi place. Price and quality wise one of the better in Montreal. No tuna included.
