1	Terrible quality, huge lineups, so-so service and really bad coffee shop or whatever it's called. The quality gets worse and worse every year. IKEA used to be simple and modern. Now it is cheap and ugly. The only thing I buy there is candles and sometimes towels.
3	I have never had an IKEA near my hometown so everytime I go to one, it's still a bit of a novelty.  My wife is absolutely in love with this place.  As far as IKEAs go, this one was no different than any of the IKEAs I've been to except that there were an unusually high number of crying babies in there.From what I've found, it's got a lot of pretty cool stuff for a fair price.  After the novelty wears off, I begin to get a little bored.  I tried the food for the first time and I thought the swedish meatballs were pretty good.  It's only $3 for 10 meatballs and fries and I was satisfied after the meal.  My wife got the spinach crepes and she was less than impressed with the cold crepes.  She was regretting not getting the meatballs for a $1 less than the crepes.  I like IKEA but I think if I had one close by then I doubt that I would shop there too often.  I think it's more the novelty than anything.
3	Please, whatever you do at Ikea...don't easy the plastic hotdogs they sell as real hotdogs for 75 cents. They aren't really for human consumption. They claim they are chicken, I claim they are a dog chew toy.On the other hands of you need fancy Swedish names on your flat packed furniture, this of the place for you!Oh... and don't bring your AMEX card, they don't take them.
3	So, my mom, grandmother, and I together are basically Ikea ninjas. We don't even go up the stairs or follow the arrows, because that shit is for showroom suckers. We turn right around and go the wrong way and bam we're in the "market" section where everything is actually for sale. We keep each other focused on the list (NO! No coasters! No wicker baskets! No spontaneous glassware damn you, focus!) We move with military precision to our targets, (slow is smooth and smooth is fast!) We go at Grandma-speed because the crowds open up for a cute old lady (she is a shopping shark, but she's cute as hell.) Anyway, this is the only tolerable way to do Ikea. Have a precise and narrow list, have one or two awesome helpers with sharp eyes who don't lose focus; get in and get your on sale lamp or curtains or lounger, get into the self checkout, and then get the frick out. Get out before you're temped by the $.75 "hotdogs," or the invasive exotic "plants," or the hours you could spend in the showroom mentally redecorating and watching the couples turn on each other and their screaming children.
5	The only thing I can say is that I practically live here.... my place is like an Ikea catalogue.
3	This Ikea is now under renovation in many parts including paving the parking lot! Come for the cheap food, get suckered into buying some of their particle board/hex key furniture.  I will admit Ikea is very hand for many items!  Lighting is very inexpensive and trendy, if you are organizing a room they have many clever ways in which you can organize your mess at home!  Artwork is inexpensive and stylish as well!  Also the plants are quite inexpensive.  What I loathe is finding something in the showroom then having to go find the article by aisle and bin #.  This form of shopping (as it cuts down on price) is not fun at all.  You may like Ikea, you may not.  I'm caught in the middle!  Excellent for students and people on a limited budget.  I just never thought I'd shop here much after University!  Alas I come here from time to time for certain items!
3	Oh, Ikea.What to say here...Ikea is ikea...Easy to maneuver around, easy to assemble their items, and decently priced. Although, the quality of their stuff is quite questionable...I am not sure what else I can say really. I wouldn't come here for big pieces of furniture, but for accessories, this is definitely one of my favorites!
3	Have a need to populate an apartment quickly and inexpensively? Ikea! Want to please the in-laws who miss Europe? Lingberry jam, Ikea, check. Multi-functional doodads to help organize and maximize space in a teenie-tiny kitchen? Ikea's your place!Breakfast for $1, Ikea, not a great breakfast, but hey, it's a dollar, it's 'egg-ish', it'll do until I get back to civilization.Question: Why are Ikea's always so freaking complicated to get to? Why can I see it but have no idea how to get to THAT side of the highway?Oh, must do is the 'as-is" section. Found: Expedit, already built, glossy white, tiny scratch on the top of it, 60% off. PS - I didn't need to build it! Also found, a sofa they no longer make, can't find covers for it (and don't even know what it is called), $5 Yea! Okay, so I spend $75 to cover it, but hey, $5!
2	I recently renovated my kitchen with IKEA, advice, please run the other way. The price is not all that when you have to wait up to 5-6 hours to finish the design, young people who really don't care, finalize the kitchen design with errors because they are doing it so fast. Ikea gets their money up front, but their contractors take weeks and weeks to set up a day and time to install. They didn't finish the installation in a timely manner and 2 months later the cabinets are chipping and 2 weeks after the counter was installed it already swelled and they are not replacing it. This has been a kitchen reno from hell and they have been paid in full 5 months ago and we are not done yet. Their customer service department is condescending and rude
3	Oh Ikea! With your gigantic show room and maze of a downstairs, it's hard not to like you for helping furnish our apartments, but at the same time, there are times where I feel like you're trying to trap us in the twisting corridors!I came to help fellow Yelper find her new mattress/bed, and it was nice to have a rest session on all your floor models and also nice that you have a brochure to help us compare everything but then your actual bed frames were mostly named Malm, and we discovered fun things like how white was cheaper than wood lookalikes. Overall it is Ikea, and it gives us the cookie cutter choices but it's a choice we make.
2	Lots of schlocky looking stuff, some not so bad. HUGE space, can be confusing to navigate, especially when you're looking for the exit. The signs are clearly marked, however; so it's VERY important to keep looking for/at them if you want to navigate efficiently, particularly if you need to use the facilities or wish to leave as expediently as possible after you've checked out or finished browsing. Overall, not such a big whoop.
3	I'm reviewing ikea's food because, a) it's pretty good, b) it's so cheap, and c) they now have beer. I don't particularly like going to ikea because it's pretty overwhelming, however I'll admit that I have found some very decent and inexpensive items. What I do like about ikea is their cafeteria! It's kind of like the light at the end of the tunnel; after you're fed up of that maze, you can grab a quick bite to relieve all that consumer rage.Most of the menu is pretty meh, and a lot of the prepared wraps in Saran Wrap look plain gross, however, those Swedish meatballs with mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce-- oomph. Hits the spot each time. Now that they serve boreales along with it, the appeal of going to ikea over Leon's has gotten a little bit greater. Ikea's food is like their furniture. It ain't top notch quality but it gets the job done.
5	I've never reviewed this IKEA? What? Well, we endured the renovations, and now we have a bigger still awesome store. Love this IKEA. Food's good too. And today we had our first experience in the kid playland. Professional. I swear, we don't plan to go for dinner on Thursdays when kids meals are free, but it's happened 3 times now. Nice touch, IKEA. And did you know that the bathrooms near the restaurant stock diapers in 4 sizes for parents who might have run short or forgotten? Awesome touch. They understand they're a family store and respect their clients. I will be back, over and over again.
2	Alright, so I'm 25 and it was the first time I set foot into an Ikea. I'm a bit of a late bloomer but there is a first time for everything, right? Shopping at Ikea was everything I thought it would be; big, modern, minimalist and unsurprising. Guided through the showroom maze, I ended up buying more than what I came for (good on you, Ikea marketing team!). Although I am aware Ikea isn't renown for its quality, I managed to find several kitchen and bathroom items which I'd been needing for a while. And so in that department, I am mostly satisfied.Now, on Ikea's cafeteria food... Oh, the food... Where to begin? It made many years since I had witnessed such a sad selection of foodstuff stacked on metal shelves and platters that way. Extremely processed, as poor in taste as it is in nutrients, eating at Ikea felt like what I imagine dining at a Dollarama would: cheap and dirty. When I sat, I almost reached in my pocket for my phone to take a picture but then refrained. I did not want to immortalize this moment. I wanted it to be over with. Dear shoppers, do yourself and your health a favor; bring a lunch or eat elsewhere. You don't have to do this to yourself. I'm serious, you really don't have to!Although I will still order Ikea furniture online, I will avoid going there as much as possible in the future. I will also stay far to resist the urge of setting on fire that poor excuse of a restaurant to save all future shoppers the ordeal of having to eat there.
3	The staff were upbeat but unfortunately this trip was a little disappointing. They had a few really good pieces on sale and I definitely wanted to take home some of the "as is" furniture. Sadly I had originally gone on St Jean when they were closed because after checking online it states that the only day they're closed is New Years Day (and yes, I looked up this specific location) which means 3 hours on public transit for nothing. As part of my move, I planned to use a bunch of their huge blue bags instead of boxes but they were sold out. How do you sell out of the only bags you provide??? Especially right before you have a ton of people come to do their moving day shopping? I expected better.
