5	Great new store, quality employees.  Very clean.  Great food!  Excited another one has opened up.  Right next Fresh n Easy!  Very Friendly!
3	The best Subway by my work so it gets 3 stars. I just can't get excited about Subway. I grew up in New York where it was all about the local deli where they slice up their meats fresh and the sandwiches are piled high. I also worked in a snobby small town for about 2 years where the only places you could get a lunch under 10 dollars were Subway, McDonalds, Dairy Queen and KFC. Subway was the best out of the bunch, but eating it straight for 2 years can cause you to burn out on a place. But I digress, what was I saying?... Uh oh yea best Subway by my work, and I will leave it at that.
4	Eh what can i say , its subway.  Nothing special , nothing out of the ordinary.  The employees were very nice , some of the customers were douchy , but nothing can be done about that.   Will be back w\ co workers eventually.
1	I went in on 3/21/14 Friday order 2footlongs..when I got home I took a bite of my tuna, as wife took bite of her turkey sub.and both repulsed found BLACK HAIRS IN BOTH OF OUR subs.(mind you i was wearing a hat and wife is a blonde!)went back to location.I whisper to the employee there(Jessica,was very polite).what I found in my food.i asked for a refund! I was told had to call a manager (Yvette).so I waited to find out manager told her employee, she couldn't refund my $ and she would be back on Monday and would call me then.I don't understand why it was so hard to refund me $18.16.what a joke!
4	You know what? This Subway is awesome and I ain't even afraid to say it.Every time I visit this location the staff is super-friendly and will even offer just the right amount of small-talk without interfering in the sandwich creation process. A lot of times I will get those 'sandwich artists' that just robotically go through the motions stone-faced and are rather skimpy with the ingredients they add to my sandwiches. Not the case here, even if you decide to show up 10 minutes before they close, which I try not to make a habit of.When it comes to fast food chain restaurants, you are obviously going to get the same product most of the time. But here, it is just that little bit better and what separates these types of restaurants in my mind is the customer service.
