4	For a few years now and getting older I have gotten uneven streaks of gray in my moustache. Which I hate because it interrupts the shape line. So I have gone to Sally Beauty Supply to get dye to cover or fill in. I have no idea if the females working here have an knowledge or not, but I do know they are always very nice. The store it self as are all of them a pain in the ass. The isles are narrow and I mean narrow, get to big butted folks from apposing ends and one will have to turn around and come in for the other side. Or if as most often is a person leaning down to read a produce, forget moving for a few minutes. But other than that it is a fine supply joint.
5	I was out of the state when I got a phone call from my hysterical 16 year old daughter. Apparently, she and her friend had decided to color their hair and it turned into a disaster. This wouldn't be that big of a deal, except that this happened to be the day of a formal dance at her school. My daughter had walked to Sally's to try to figure out what to do. I told her to just ask the person working there to help. This girl helped my daughter find exactly what she needed to correct the problem. She was sympathetic and very kind and helped to save the day! Couple that with one of my very best friends stepping in like a fairy godmother and my daughter had a fantastic time at the dance...and she looked beautiful. :)
1	I went to this store to buy a hair piece, I know exactly what I need but I always end up waiting for the sales person. Why? Because this store has twist ties on the particular product I want. Why? Well they tell me that it is a high theft item.  Im shocked because it is less than 15 dollars, so I ask why? when it is in the aisle adjacent to the registers. Then I joke a lil and say well the theives only need scissors to get to it. I mean if they really want to steal this particular item....what keeps them from doing it? oh so the clerk says "that she would catch them trying to cut the twist tie off and stop them, because its close to the register". So I say to her.."I am being inconveinced you know that right"? "Yes", she says, "Sorry". I tell her thats okay...Its really not her fault. Its my fault for going through with my purchase, again.Not all of the hair extentions are tied down to the pegs, I should mention that "Dancing with the Stars" hair pieces and extentions are not locked up.
2	I really only go here to get nail polish I can't get at Ulta, Seche Vite, and some of their Palladio makeup products.  But other than that, I hate stepping in here.  Every single time I've come in the ladies or girls working there have no welcoming bone in their body.  I say hi to them and they just look at me, don't smile or say anything back, and then set right back to standing at the register or rearranging the shelves.  I've tried joking with them at the register or striking up a conversation, but they aren't having it.  I don't feel welcome in there and I feel like I'm a burden to them.  I wish I didn't have to go in at all, but they are close by and I just try to run in and run out with what I need.
1	The employees here are not helpful and love to follow you around the store like you are stealing all their products.  Once you're done it's a burden for them to ring you up. Have questions, don't bother asking, they have no clue. It is one of the cleaner stores I've been in, thus the two stars.
1	Walked into the store and was greeted with a very short hello by two young females. I spent a couple minutes trying to find my product and was offered no help. These two girls continued to gossip at the front counter not even acknowledging that I was even there. I have always been offered assistance at every Sallys I go to. Horrible customer service!!!
5	If you questions about anything especially hair go to this store and see Jazzmyn she is super helpful.
