5	The guys at Epic Automotive took good care of me and more importantly, my Audi.  They are a VW/Audi specialist and really know their stuff. Brought my car in and they put it up on the lift and told me what needed to be done right away, and what could wait for when I had some more cash to pour into my Audi. Everything was done in the amount of time they told me and for the cost promised. It is a small shop, but the dudes at Epic Automotive are top notch, rad dudes who will take care of you and your VW/Audi needs. Thanks guys.
5	Situated in a slightly less than desirable area, tucked back amongst some old mini warehouse shops, I will not deny that this place looks shady as hell. I was a bit worried about leaving my car out front.Regardless of the looks of the place, they do one hell of a job! The shop is run by great, friendly guys who works quickly and won't just try to gouge you at every opportunity. Very few people are allowed under the hood of my VW, but these guys, being the specialist they are, have got carte blanche. If I run into a large task that's just too much to handle on my own, these are the guys I will turn to.
5	Adam @ Epic Auto has been serivicing my car ever since his dealer days. I trust his diagnosis and value his knowledge. The staff provides exceptional customer service, they are quick, accurate and don't sell you things your car doesn't need.If you are looking for someone who is honest and affordable then look no further. Epic Automotive is the shop for you.
5	I have been bringing my Audi here for years , Adam and Cisco are great mechanics and offer very REASoNABLe prices. Adam sticks to his prices and doesn't over charge. Thanks Epic
5	Adam and the guys from Epic are fantastic! Knowledgeable and on time with good prices. My audi s4 started making a strange sound over Christmas week after I drove to Phoenix from San Fran. The dealer told me it would cost more than a grand for a new fuel pump. Adam got it done for a ton less and did it in a day. Great job!
5	Needed to get my brakes done as they were squeaking. Called up Adam and he, by far gave me the best price on labor in the entire state! Some places that have customer service which doesn't even compare to Epics, were charging almost triple what Adam quoted me! Took my car in at around noon and by 4pm Sisco(sorry if it's misspelled) called me saying it was ready for pick up!I'll definitely be bringing in my Audi here until I stop owning it!
