3	Ollie's has a simple slogan: Good Stuff Cheap.  I'm not completely sure I agree with that slogan on the account of the stuff doesn't always seem good and it's not always cheap.  But there is definitely plenty of stuff.I stopped in during the grand opening celebration, and Ollie's was packed.  I don't mean packed like a Wal-Mart is packed.  I mean packed like sardines in a can or packed like New Orleans on Fat Tuesday - or at least Lundi Gras.  There were a bunch of people.It is with no small amount of chagrin that I must admit to being back to Ollie's at least twice since they opened - and each time I've actually bought something.  I can blame this on the fact that I now have another house, or I can blame it on my wife, but the fact that they have so much stuff definitely enters into the equation.Prices at Ollie's are definitely good, but you do have to do a bit of digging.  Some of the stuff at Ollie's isn't that great.  You wouldn't know by looking, as there are some customers who come out with carts full of the stuff.Staff at Ollie's is great though - everyone I've talked to has always been very helpful.  One time we were there and found some welcome mats lying in the wrong section.  The only problem was that we needed more.  It turned out that we had half a dozen Ollie's employees involved in a store-wide search to find out where the others were.  In the end we found them on an obscure end-cap.  All of them were very helpful during the entire process.  Safe to say we'll be back.  And we enlisted in Ollie's Army (their discount program) too.
5	It seems that the market is crowded these days for bargain outlets.  Big Lots, Roses, and the like evoke a lukewarm-to-contemptuous response from their shoppers, but this bargain outlet lives up to the name.Ollie's is unique in bargain outlet world in that their employees are friendly.  One of the managers knows my name after visiting half a dozen times.  The staff actually say hello to you....don't know how long this will last.  But oh well.And values?  If you like books (and I'm a librarian) this is your spot.  They have the "Dummies" books for $7.  So you could learn about green computing or cats or Christian prayer, its up to you.  They have a great selection of Bibles and Christian living, plus last year's bestsellers for $3-$5.  The food products are similar to what Big Lots sells-cheap coffee, canned goods, jellies, and other non-perishables.The draw to this store is the variety of name-brand items.  The kitchen appliances are worth taking a look at (I got a Hamilton Beach juicer for $20) and they have Paula Deen cookware.  Ollie's has a nice selection of flooring, carpet, sporting good, and house decoration.  Even if you're not a bargain freak like me, check it out when you are shopping/stopping in Matthews.  GOOD STUFF CHEAP as they say.
5	You just have to walk through Ollie's to see what you might want to purchase.  I often find great bargains that make me smile!  Then there are some occasions where I don't purchase anything.  I have to just visit every now and then to find surprises.  They have just about everything and things you might find elsewhere but not for the low price you'll pay at Ollie's.  It can be overwhelming so be sure to visit when you are well rested and fed.
4	You can find some good stuff here.  It's a little of everything - books, movies, household items, food, rugs.
