4	I was on the hunt for a new salon. While driving up headed to another the sign at this place caught my attention. "Grand Opening. 10% off" ok you got me, plus it is much closer to home. I walk in the door and am greeted with nice smiles. The man sat me down in a great chair and set me up with the massage controller. They have only been open a month. The chairs are all brand new.  They did a great job, the basic pedi even includes a hot stone rub!!. I got the callus remover. We all know that one is usually a draw. This place did it and my feet are smooth and no spots left undone. LOVE IT! Would absolutely recommend them to a friend.
5	Being greeted immediately after stepping foot in to the store by smiling and welcoming faces is always a plus. I used a Groupon that I could not pass up on this 4 week old establishment. $98 value that features 2 spa pedi's & 2 eye brow waxes for $40 was nearly impossible to pass up. I highly recommend this new spot! They're clean, affordable, friendly & attentive, how could you say no?
4	Would of gave it 5* but the brow wax wasn't the best. But they did a fabulous job on my hands and feet me and my friends will return.
5	My friend and I went here today and used a Groupon for a manicure and pedicure. We had a great experience! The staff was so friendly and professional. The location was very clean and nice. I would definitely go back, even without a Groupon. The prices were very reasonable. The pedicure was heavenly. They massaged my legs for a LONG time and used hot rocks. We both loved our experience and walked away very relaxed.
4	This place just opened in March so they're still offering their $5.99 eyebrow wax and $19.99 (normally $35) Deluxe Spa Pedicure deal, which includes a leg mask, sugar scrub, seaweed gel, moisturizing lotion, hot stone massage, callus scrub, and hot towels in addition to the typical cleaning and polish. It's owned by either a Vietnamese or Cantonese speaking family (I'm actually not sure, but that's what my best guess would be. I like guessing what language people are speaking =] It's a silly game I play with myself). They have 6 pedicure chairs and 6 manicure stations, all brand new stuff, very clean and bright salon. I like when my toe nail cleaning is on the gentler side, and Vivian did just that perfectly!! I've had rougher experiences in the past at other salons and that will definitely make me give a smaller tip, but I like a softer touch. I'm definitely going back to this place in a few weeks! The ONLY reason I gave 4 stars is because I'm quite stingy with 5 stars. I've never had a superwowthisblewmeoutofthewater kind of pedicure, so I'll save that last star for when that actually happens...probably on my wedding day or something =]
1	This place looked great and has good reviews but I was not impressed with the final product.  My sister and I used the groupon and we were excited to have some pampering time.  We both got pedicures and they were so sloppy!  I give myself a better pedicure than what I received at this place.  Even after them cleaning up their mess, there still was polish on my toes, outside of the nail.  Not to mention that the polish chipped in less than a week, which is something that never happens when I do my own pedicure. They seemed like nice people but overall, I was extremely disappointed with the final product and will not recommend this place.
4	I took my best friend here as a treat since she was visiting from out of town. When we arrived there was no wait and we got seated right away in luxurious massage pedicure chairs. We got a gel mani ($25) and regular pedicure (17.99). The prices were very reasonable! My gel nail looked good for about a week and 1/2. I would recommend this place!
4	I am happy with the service my cousin and I received from this Nail Salon. The salon is very nice and my cousin's toes and eyebrows and my toes eyebrows, and nails look great! I bought the 40$ groupon and I did not feel as though I was treated any less because I came in with it. The girls were very attentive to both of us and my designs on my gel manicure look great! The girl who did my toes had an attitude that made it seem like she did not want to be there, I must not lie, but her work definitely did not show it. The girl who did my cousin's toes and my gel manicure was a total sweet heart and went above and beyond what we asked of her and I am grateful that she did! Our eyebrows look great and the woman (who may have been the owner or the owner's wife) did not say much but she was focused so that is no big deal. If I ever need my nails done while I am in Tempe, I would be happy to visit again.
1	Terrible service. Will never be back. I had the guy in there. He wasn't even paying attention to anything. I have one side that is a different length thank the other, not gel, and told me they were dry and they weren't and they paint is all scrunched. Worse decision ever to come here. I went in to get my money back and the girl angel noticed the problem nails but refused to give me my money back. She kept ignoring me and then lied to me when she told me the owner/manager was out of town and then why I asked for the owners phone number for the 5th time angel then have me the managers sons number. Such a waste of time and money. :( never will I be back. All about money and terrible service!
3	I have waited a little over a week to write this review, because to me the longevity of your mani and/or pedi means a lot.I only have been to Nice Nails once for a pedi (a groupon). It has been a week and a few days and my pedi still looks nice. There is only one small chip on my big toe and all toe nails are still shiny. If my overall experience had been better I would have given them 5 starts.My experience:The groupon required an appointment, so my friend I was going with & I made one. We arrived 5 mins before our appointment and came in with a group of walkins who were taken to the pedi chairs. My friend & I waited until at 4:15 to be seated and waited an additional 10 mins with our feet soaking before the pedi started. First off putting thing that happened is that one of the techs was facetiming on her iPad with a relative. The iPad was facing 1/2 of the clients in the pedi chairs as the tech had her back to her relative to facetime with her. It was just a little awkward and they were both talking loudly. Second off putting instance was when it came down to discussing what was involved with the Groupon. the Groupon was for a Deluxe Spa Pedi which was a $30 value. The issue is that they offer 3 Deluxe Spa Pedicures ranging from $30 to $17. I assumed we were getting the services included in the $30 Deluxe Spa Pedi since their Groupon said it was a $30 value. That assumption was incorrect. The $30 Deluxe Spa Pedi came with callus remover where as this one did not and was an extra $5. While discussing this with my technician, who did not say anything, 2 other technicians jumped into the conversation making it a mess (this would be my 3rd issue). I really wanted the callus remover for I paid the $5 for it. The rest of the experience went pretty smoothly & my tech did a really good job with the hot stone, the callus remover, and the salt scrub.  If it had not been for the 3 issues above I might have given this place 4 stars (I did not really care of the location), but my pedi still looks good. I might still give this place another chance to see if maybe what I experienced is not the norm.
5	Such great service! My girlfriend and I were very happy with the results of our eyebrow wax and pedicures. They took their time and were very friendly. The patience of the staff was tested by a rude returning customer that was loud and demanding. They still treated her with kindness despite her attitude and she soon calmed down. Very classy and well done!
4	I have been to Nice Nails a few times and I think they are great! In the past I have always just gone to any nail shop that was most convenient at the time. After the few experiences with them I will continue to make them my regular nail shop. My nails always look great!! My eyebrows look good and my nails last! The people who work there remember me and are always nice. I highly recommend Nice Nails!!
4	Long has done my last three pedicures here. She is attentive, and very careful. I got the deluxe pedicure (there is a coupon online, but otherwise it's $50!!) with regular polish and loved it. If you can get a coupon, they're inexpensive, but without a coupon a little unreasonably priced. Be sure to tell them before hand, or they will charge you the full price. Other than that, great nail techs, good range of polish colors, clean, and pretty good price!The only thing I don't like about them is not keeping their appointments. Don't bother making an appointment, because they won't keep it. If they're open they'll take you, if you have an appointment, but they're full, they'll make you wait anyway.
3	Got a full set of Gel Acrylic.  Service was nice.  With no hurry she took 70 minutes start to finish.  Took me right away.  I have short, brittle nails with bad cuticles.  I was hoping for a really good manicure first where she really cleaned them up and didn't happen.  The nails and acrylic don't go all the way back so I expect I will need a fill sooner than 2 weeks. (see pink sparkle picture for what was done.)  I still haven't found  place that builds the nail up first then applies the acrylic for those that have short nails.  I would gladly pay for that good of a job.Like I said, overall good attentive service, focused and not pushy.  Wasn't really busy at lunch time.  But the over all nail itself if only okay and was 35$ and I gave a 7$ tip.  No really good cuticle clean up or buff, I didn't get any e-oil or lotion or hand massage either and I was not in a hurry.  She knew this as well.  no bells and whistles, just the basics and your out.
1	The owner was very RUDE. He screamed at me in front of customers because I asked him to fix the botch job he did on my nails. I went it for a full and the results looked horrible. I will never go back to nice nails because my nails weren't nice and neither was the customer service. Very unprofessional and I wish I didn't waste my $18 on that horrible place trust me don't go on there to waste your money. There are nicer nails places in tempe other than nice nails .
2	Went here today because of a Groupon deal I saw for a $20 Deluxe pedicure, but as it turns out they have the same deal painted on the window so you don't need to actually buy the Groupon to get the deal. I called ahead to make sure there would be no wait and to see how much they charged for a backfill on pink and white acrylics. I was told the back is $35 so I asked how much is a full set and he said 40.. which i think is a little ridiculous to pay $35 for a fill when you can get a brand new full set for $40. I needed a new set so I decided to go that route.He wasn't wrong about there being no wait. I was the only one in the salon on a Saturday afternoon. That should have been my first clue. They sat me in the chair far in back, closest to the sinks and the bathrooms. Which didn't turn out to be such a great location, because I could hear one of the other nail stylists in the bathroom, hacking and throwing up, the entire time I sat in the chair. Eww.I was looking forward to a relaxing chair massage while I got my pedicure, but instead they decided to have two girls work on me at one time, to remove my acrylics while I got my pedicure. This is a pet peeve of mine. I come in there to relax and instead I had to twist and turn to put myself in uncomfortable positions for her to reach my nails,  instead of sitting at a table in front of her after my pedicure was complete. I ended up walking out with more back pain than when I walked in.The stylist removing my old set seemed annoyed and grumpy the entire time, often letting out heavy sighs as she was working to remove them. One of my nails have gotten water under it and had become begun separating from my finger and she said it was a fungus (although there was no discoloration at all) but did not offer to put any medication on it as other salons normally would have. Instead she told me to go buy it at Sally's. She got all the nails off and put the new ones on and after looking at them I could see that the white tips of acrylic were lopsided on a couple fingers,  probably because of the way I was sitting in that chair,  with her off on the side, so my hands were not straight in front of her. She argued with me about them being lopsided and I stood my ground because it looked like they were slanted across my nail. She came up with a bunch of different excuses of why it was that way because she didn't want to have to fix it but I persisted. She also made the nail that had been separated much shorter than the rest and said it was because of the fungus, then when I told her that didn't make sense,  & should have just made the tip longer, she said it was because that nail bed was shorter than the others. NOT. I had her fix all of them even with all the arguing, and walked out with halfway decent looking nails, after dealing with attitude. Not a pleasant experience at all or in any way.. I hope others will leave reviews about nail salons when they have bad experiences like this to save us all from having to go through snotty attitude and poor service that we pay for.
5	I have been going to them for years now (since their last location). Everyone is friendly and they know what they are doing. They have done an excellent job on my hands and feet EVERY time. Rarely do they make a mistake (everyone does) but if so they will fix their mistake and make it better than before. The atmosphere is relaxing and quiet. The salon is clean and they constantly sanitize their tools. They are careful, quick, affordable, and they do an amazing job on your hands and feet. Sometimes there is a wait so I would call before to make sure they have a spot, so you won't have to wait that long. Everyone in the salon is great but Angel and her husband are the best and they love what they do.
