4	I came here on Saturday becuase I had to get my Jeep serviced, and I wanted to check this dealership out.  I made an appointment, and dropped my Jeep off in the sevice bay.I was greeted when I walked into the dealer, and I had a decent experience here.  I DO have to say, that I didnt like waiting 3 hours, but that seems to be at most any dealership you go to for warranty work, so I cannot blame them for that.What I DON'T like is going for service and tying to be "sold" on a new vehicle. Im in for service, not to buy or trade in my car.  Why do the salesman do that?  I know its thier job to sell, but not every single time.  Geez.  Annoying.
1	Sometimes there really needs to be a "no star" option. Or maybe a "it was so bad they owe me some damn stars" choice. But there isn't so I'll go with a one-star review and I'll add a caveat of "how shitty do you want to be treated?"It's time for Jim to get a new company car. We're excited about this because we tire of driving around in a gas-hog. And Jim is particularly optimistic about a new car because they put a jeep on the list. Now granted, it's not the rubicon of his dreams but it is a "better mileage" jeep and that's a start.So we went over to Superstition Springs Jeep because they had a number of the specific model on the lot. He wanted to test drive all the choices and decide which car to order.When we arrived we were greeted by four salesmen. Jim told them why we were there. As soon as they realized his was to be a fleet purchase they blew us off. They pointed at a group of cars and went under a tree to smoke. We did take a look, not really believing that they actually blew us off like that, but of course all but a couple base models were locked up tight.We went inside, still hoping to pull this time-waster out of the craper, and Jim went over to the sales manager. He explained what we wanted and what we'd experienced so far. He made clear that being blown off was unacceptable. The manager mumbled something mildly apologetic and walked off. Jim went in search of a fleet person. When the manager came back he asked me for the name of my husband's company. I told him and he responded that fleet orders go directly to the factory. The implication was that we couldn't expect anyone to help us because there was nothing in it for them.I told the manager that I considered it a mistake because you never know who you're dealing with. I told him that I might be in the market for a new car in six or eight months (which is true if certain events come to pass) and that I certainly wouldn't buy it anyplace that I was treated so rudely.The manager looked at me and told me that if that's the way I felt I should go find another dealership to test drive a jeep.Let me repeat that, just in case you missed it. We were treated rudely and when we objected we were told to leave. I think the manager was hoping to intimidate me. At least it seemed that way from the way he towered over me, hands on hips, scowling. But I looked at him, smiled and told him he was absolutely right. I called to Jim, told him what the manager said, and we left.I have to say I am impressed by a company whose commission-only business philosophy involves alienating your customer. Especially since Jim's good sized fleet has to be serviced somewhere and the service department generates a huge amount of the dealership income.Suffice it to say we were treated much better elsewhere. We won't be back.
4	Earlier this year, my Jeep's blower motor decided it would only run on high. This was not a good way to start the summer. And of course my nearest Jeep dealer closes at a ridiculously early time on Saturdays.I was venting about it while out to lunch with my parents, and my mom offered "I think there's a Jeep dealership at Superstition Springs." I balked; Superstition Springs feels a lot farther away in 2009 than it did in 1990. But I wanted my air conditioning, so I called anyway. They answered promptly, were extremely friendly on the phone, and had my glorious blower motor resistor in stock at the parts counter. Alright then--let's hit the 60. By the time I arrived, my extremities were numb (by virtue of running the A/C on high for 15 miles), but dammit, cheap resistor available today!The front desk wonderfully pointed me to parts, parts welcomed me with open arms, and several dollars plus tax later I had my precious. I checked out some of the accessories they had on display, and they had good prices on those too.
1	No star would be better, horrible customer service in the "SERVICE" department, and walk-ins not accepted. Stopped there several times staff not helpful, in fact they seemed annoyed by my questions. Was prepared to wait for an oil change (realizing that it was a Saturday and the snowbirds are still here) but was told that was not an option.  No wonder Chrysler in financial hurt, next time I buy American I'm buying a Chevy or Ford!
1	This dealership does not honor Mopar warranties. Wife took Jeep Commander in for warranty battery replacement. They charged $51.50 in labor and $49 pro-rate to replace a battery that was 12 months old with a 18 month free replacement warranty. This is my last Jeep!!
5	As far as car dealerships go, I think this has to be one of my favorites.  I trust the employees and have always gotten very good service there.  My advisor is Chris West and I like him.  I bought my Jeep here and always get great service.  Fast too (I always wait).
1	My comments have nothing to do with this dealership's new-car service; instead, I'm going to vent a little about what happened when I visited both the Parts and Service departments at Superstition Springs Chrysler Jeep this morning. I went to the parts counter first, looking for a simple plastic trim fastener used for reattaching the door panel on my Jeep. You can buy a 50-piece bag of these plastic fasteners on Amazon for $9.95, but I wanted to finish the job I'd started now and didn't want to wait on Amazon. The parts guy looks it up on his computer, and with a straight face tells me that just one of these fasteners is $7.50! No way, I thought, so on my way out I stopped by the service counter to ask for the cost of a coolant flush. The service guy looks it up and comes back with $149.00  -- $50 more than either of the other nearby Jeep dealerships. So here's my take on Superstition Springs Chrysler Jeep: if you need parts or non-warranty service, stay away from this place. Just my 2 cents, of course, but it looks to me like these guys will hose you big-time on parts and service.
5	If you need service, talk to Amber the Asst. Service Manager... stopped by in the am to see if I could get some remotes programmed. She had me come back in the late afternoon and got me in, even though they were busy. Got to love the quick attention, even when it's not required! I'll be back!!
5	New ownership has really made this dealership shine. Ask for Big O if you are interested in a new vehicle without the song and dance of other dealerships. He put NO pressure on us to make a decision.  For Service I trust Chris P. You can count on integrity and competence with him.
5	Fast, Easy purchase of my 2014 Grand Cherokee.  I worked with Robbie Swanson.  Easy going, honest guy. He made my purchase easy and fast.  I also learned that they are now under new management so I deleted the previous bad review I had for this dealership.
5	I don't hand out 5 stars very often. You have to be exceptional to get that from me. In this case it was a no brainer.Had my 2013 Dodge Ram 1500 truck for almost 6 months now. I love this truck.But aside from that I wanted to send a shout out to Superstition Springs Chrysler Jeep Dodge and Steve. Steve was my salesman and was one of the best I've ever worked with. That is saying a lot as salesmen tend to be a bit shady in my opinion. I have bought a few cars in my time. Steve made the whole process so smooth. The team at Superstition Springs Chrysler Jeep Dodge was very professional. I actually forgot I was at a car dealership. There was no pressure at all. Since then I have referred several people to Steve who bought cars. How can you lose with a dealership that puts it's customers first. Do a little research before you go in so you know more about the car than they do. Especially price. As with any car dealership, know the price or you will pay too much.Best of Luck!
5	This is the best place to go for ur car needs... They are all about the customer! Went to get a warranty issue fixed and they went above my expectations!
3	A good friend of mine knows Big Al personally and recommended I come here to purchase a truck, so I did. I looked at the website and found exactly what I wanted and was happy to find it still available when I showed up. We were helped by a salesman named Robbie and we were very pleased with everything he did for us, he was upfront and honest about everything (as far as I know), patient and fair. I would highly recommend working with him and I believe he will treat you as well as he did me. Robbie is a 5 star asset to this company and I couldn't recommend him highly enough, seriously find him specifically if you come here and tell him I sent you. Here's where the 5 star rating turns into a 3 star rating (I would have made it 2.5 if I had that option). My advice, once you find the vehicle you like and have made a deal that is a win-win, I would highly recommend steering clear of JR in the finance department. I would go so far to say to wait for the next available finance person. We came in with Capital One financing already secured and gave them the opportunity to compete for the loan, knowing that the dealership would benefit and so would we if they could beat the deal we had. He was able to find me 5.75% (we had 6.44%) but told me he "pulled a favor" and I had to buy an extended warranty to get that rate. I had explained to him multiple times that I was not interested in an extended warranty because the vehicle only has 1,900 miles and it has a factory warranty. He threw a fit when I wasn't interested in his "add-on's". I explained to him thoroughly and repeatedly that I only drive 5-6,000 miles per year and buying an extended warranty didn't make any sense to us, nor did a maintenance package.  He was really irritated with my rejection of his products and proceeded to treat me poorly moving forward, he couldn't get me out of his office fast enough and even turned down the maintenance records I had on our trade in vehicle out of spite. If he would have taken even a minute to understand my needs, he too would realize that each of his products would cost me twice as much in the long run. Does this guy think that I base financial decisions on what's best for him or what's best for my family?If it wasn't for this small being this would have been a 5 star review and I would be currently stopping traffic to refer business to Big Al. Instead I give it a lowly 3 stars and might send business, might not. JR, you are the last person a car buyer will speak to and will deal with and the final impression of the company you work for. When you behave with teenage angst, you are not an asset to your company, you are a liability. I am an enormous referral source, I send a lot of business (A LOT) to people who treat me well and you did not treat me or my wife respectfully. This is a service industry and your service was underwhelming and anyone who reads this post can do much better.
5	best best absolute best place i've ever seen for customer service friendliness professionalism and prompt attention to the customer !!!! this place truly is amazing and especially marvelous marvin and joshua made our experience more than five star ..... absolutely amazing!!!!!!!!!!
5	Fourth purchase with superstition jeep and obviously I'm impressed. Charlie and Miguel are quite the team. They cut the BS, got a deal done quick and fairly.
1	Took my jeep in for a repair in march on  a tuesday afternoon and it was not looked at until friday! Got an appointment for a monday at 7:00 to get my transmission checked out. Explained to the service writer my previous experience of waiting and she assured me it would not happen with her! Wednesday at noon it STILL had not been checked out so I picked it up and took it elsewhere! WILL NOT BE BACK!
1	We brought our Durango in for work and were very disappointed.  We dropped the car off at 7:20am and by 3:00pm still hadn't heard about the car. My husband called and the guy who is supposed to be taking care of our car, Raul, had no idea what had been done, if anything at all! Said he had to check with the techs and call us back in 5. 1 hour later,  we had to call him! And he STILL hadn't done any work on our car! We went in because the steering wheel was vibrating when the car got over 60 mph and the manu. warranty was about to expire so we wanted a full look over on the car. They told us they balanced the tires....they called back at 5:15pm to say the car was ready. They had the car for 10 hours just to balance the tires? I think they lied and NEVER looked at our car until we called at 3pm because it wasn't a big money making problem. Raul had terrible customer service. They obviously have no respect for our time and money as customers. I will be bringing my car in to my favorite local shop and giving them my business. We only went here because we wanted the car checked while under the warranty. If the repair service is this bad, I can only imagine how terrible the sales service is. Ridiculous.
1	Loose emergency brake cable rattling against the frame.   Would think a pretty easy fix under warranty.  Scheduled an appointment for 10:00.   Was told it would be about 2 hours, so I just planned on waiting.  4 hours later I decided I should check on the status of the truck (I'm easy going and realize dealer repairs take longer than said).  After 4 hours I was told my truck hadnt even been looked at yet, and was still in line to be looked at .  WTF!!!  I took a freaking day off work to have this done and made an appointment for 10am.  It's now 2:15 and you haven't even looked at it (after I was even told 2 hours?????). They said they wanted to keep it overnight and would look at it in the morning.   I have a job and need my car to get to work!!!  I just said give me my key and I will take it somewhere else.  25 minutes later I finally got my key and truck back.  They originally couldn't find it because it had been parked across the street in their overflow field.   I'm an extremely easy going person when it comes to dealerships, but this was absolutely ridiculous and the worst service I have ever experienced after dealing with well over 10 dealers in my past with cars and service.  Just absolutely terrible service and communication when they knew I was waiting there!!!!!!!
1	I started this review out being very straight forward. I have decided to edit this and tell everyone the real story behind the poor practice that is ran at this dealership. PLEASE READ THE ENTIRE POST. I WILL GUARENTEE YOU WILL NEVER BUY HERE.Me and my mother were interested in a red 09' ford mustang online. I called, made an appointment with Rob (I will not mention last names). When we arrived Rob had left and was not there for our appointment. We stood around by the car waiting for about 10-15 minutes for the sales manager to bring back info on what had happened. Along came up a man by the name of Ryan. He was with two younger guys (early 20's maybe). He had the keys to the mustang in hand and mentioned to the guys "here are the keys. This is your only option on our lot". My mother told Ryan (the salesman) that we had an appointment with the car and were waiting on someone to help us since for the past 10-15 minutes we had been swept under the mat since Rob had blew off our appointment. Ryan then THREW the keys across the lot and asked a different salesman to take us for a test drive. I told the guy we had been waiting here to hear back from the manager and there was no need for him to waste more of our time. Finally the manager returned and me and mother test drove the car. We returned to dealership and parked the car on the side of the dealership where the manager told us to. We got out, walked into the show room and started coming up with some numbers. As we went back and forth ANOTHER manager by the name of AJ came out and asked if we'd purchase the car tonight we could have it for $$$$$. We agreed. I signed my name to the document and then waited there for about 45 minutes. Me and my mother by then were both restless and fed up with all the waiting. I got up to see where exactly things were at. I noticed our sales manger on the computer looking at other vehicles. I asked where exactly we were on the documentation. He asked RYAN "where is the red mustang?' Ryan then went on to say he had SOLD THE CAR TO THE YOUNG BOYS AND THAT IS WAS IN DETAILING, READY TO LEAVE. I was in complete shock.By this time I had walked to the front desk and spoke with a DIFFERENT manager. He said that while we were in negotiation, AJ (manager) handed the keys to the boys, they test drove the car, went outside, did the paperwork in 20min. and had completed the deal while we where waiting on our paper work to finalize. I was irate by this time. I had never in my life known a dealership to go behind a costumers back and sell the car they had just signed the paperwork to. We were then told that this happens "all the time" that it is "first come, first serve". That we needed to "call the owner and take it up with him because this wasn't their problem". We had made an appointment, test drove the car, I signed my name to it, and then were completely blind sided after 3 hours of being there that our car had been sold and they now had wasted MORE OF OUR TIME. Whether this means anything to the public or not, I will say in all my life I have never been so mistreated by the words they used, tones they used, and felt so mislead in my entire life.IF A CAR HAS BEEN TEST DROVE BY A COSTUMER AND CHOSEN TO BE BOUGHT, THE KEYS SHOULD BE KEPT IN HAND AT ALL TIMES AND NEVER GIVEN TO ANOTHER PARTY FOR REVIEW.
1	The worst car buying experience by far!  I recently purchased a 2014 RT Challenger and I started my search close to home.  I made it clear from the beginning what I could afford a month.  The first of MANY ( I'm truly not lying when I say they presented 10-12 different payments) was $200.00 More a month then I told them I could afford.  After three hours of wasting my time they "magically" got it down to $60.00 more a month then I could afford.  Needless to say I walked out.  AJ Chacon treated me like an idiot, said he would work with me and then refused to return my calls.  I have also tried to contact this dealership about my experience and again no one will call back.  The one good thing that came of this...... I decided to take a chance and make the 85 mile (one way) drive to Larry H. Miller in Surprise and had an Awesome experience!!!   I highly recommend you stay far away from Susperstition Jeep/Dodge especially if your female.  My husband bought his Rubicon from them in 2008 and was treated much differently than I was.
1	I've taken my care there for oil changes and service, and of course, gave them my cell number so that they could reach me and let me know that it was complete. I don't share my cell number with businesses often because I do not want to have sales phone calls - let alone from a company where I have not explicitly opted INTO marketing from them. Apparently, they are in the business of sharing those personal phone numbers of people in their database with not only their sales team - which has resulted in unwanted, cold sales calls from their salespeople trying to make their numbers - but repeated phone calls from a warranty company (that somehow happens to know the details of my vehicle and my cell number) trying to sell me some extended warranty. The company they sold my information to is "Vehicle Company Processing" and it is based out of Compton, CA - and if you google the company you'll see that it is clearly a scam.I'll never buy a car from them now. I won't get my car serviced there again. Just because they don't value the privacy of my own information. Totally unethical, and really, really poor marketing practices.
2	So, the dealership as this far been a 5 star but Kerry in sales took it down.  This guy is as slimy as they come.  He lured us in on a truck they didn't have and then handed me off to someone else to do his grunt work.  Then came in with the numbers.  Not a lot of back and forth but when the deal was done he wouldn't even shake my hand.  Was so busy trying to move on.  I'm surprised this guy didn't dislocate his shoulder by patting himself on the back.  He spoke about himself more than the truck I was buying.  Then the "follow up call".  He didn't ask how the truck was doing just for me to do the survey and to give him a perfect score.  It's sad that he ruined the experience for us.  We will go to the dealership again, just not go near him.
5	I had the chance to use most aspects of this dealership. The service and parts dept were amazing after the sale. Everyone always says, this will happen...in this case it's been true. I absolutely recommend this dealership and will continue to bring them my business.
1	Long story short, we received a defective vehicle and the manager Ben Saxton clearly isn't going to help us in getting out of this nightmare of a vehicle. Home of the Slam JUNK deal is more like it!We purchased a used 2011 Dodge Durango with 14k miles back in July 2013.  We saw this vehicle as long term and we purchased the extended warranty.  Shortly after purchasing this car, it repeatedly wouldn't start.  Numerous times I was late to work, my son late to school or straight up just stranded wherever I happened to be at the time. It took THREE trips for the service department to finally fix THAT problem.  Despite the brakes being in great condition, they squeak and squeal so loud when braking. Not a huge issue, but shouldn't be happening and another thing the service department can't fix or isn't willing to.  Among the several other issues with this car and feeling like I live in the service department.... the air conditioning quit working when driving home from California the other weekend!!  We were in the middle of the desert and had no choice but to drive for 2+ hours with NO AC with a small child in the backseat! This has become ridiculous and I don't pay several hundred dollars a month to be dealing with such big issues and have a vehicle that is unreliable and a total piece of garbage!  We went into the dealership to talk to the manager Ben Saxton and tell him our entire history with the car. He promised us he would work something out to get us out of this problem vehicle. WRONG! He didn't help us at all. He left to run an errand while Charlie helped us look at other vehicles and when he arrived back, he walked right past us and we never saw him again. We left the dealership with our same piece of junk not knowing when it's going to break again and what's going to break.  It's a very bad spot to be in especially when driving around with kids.  I don't know when I'm going to get stranded again. Thanks Superstition Springs Chrysler for selling us a defective vehicle and not willing to help us get out of it.  DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!!!
1	Nothing but horrible service. NEVER again. I went in to have my ac and emergency brake looked at. Dont bother making an appt. I did and the day I showed up I was told there was no way I would get my car back the same day. The service advisor was a joke and looked at me like I wasnt speaking English when i gave GREAT detail on the issues i was experiencing. On the 2nd day, I had to call for an update at noon. Over the next 4 hours I got 3 different status updates ranging from "we replaced your compressor" to "we cant locate the issue." Then "its covered under your warranty" to "it will cost you this much." When I picked up the jeep, I heard the noise driving home. I understand needing to replicate the issue and wouldve been understanding. But hearing 3 completely different updates makes me think it sat in a back lot until i decided to get it. I bought the jeep at Bill Luke and decided to give this place a try due to living close. It will be WELL WORTH my time driving 30 miles for reliable trusted information.
5	Did a recent vehicle purchase here.  I felt I was treated fairly throughout the purchase. Clearly vehicle purchasing is emotional for people because it would take a PHD to understand the financing and entire process...but at the end of the day, the dealership makes some profit, you get the wheels you need, and hopefully everyone comes out happy like I did.Like any dealership, they have an ample bench of salespeople.  I worked with Darryl and would highly recommend him.  He is personable, knows his product, and is helpful.I cannot speak to the service or parts department as I live on the other side of town, but let's just say this was worth the drive from Surprise.  Good experience.
2	My wife and I bought a truck there in August. The sale experience with Ryan was good, but the sales manager was WAY too pushy. He almost lost the sale because of that. He wouldn't give us the title of our trade-in back so we can go have lunch and talk about it (it was 1pm, we were there since 9am). We finally decided to buy it, and then opted for the maintenance plan so we don't have to worry about the cost of maintenance down the road. The experience until then was good, except for their sales manager. So I brought the truck for an oil change this morning, and that's where they lose all their stars. I got there at 10am, on a Tuesday morning. They don't set appointments, so it's first there, first serve. The guy at the service counter told me there was a minimum of 2h-2h30 before they can start working on the truck. Since it's my day off and I have plenty of stuff to do, I asked if they could give me a loaner car... Nop, they have a shuttle service only... Not gonna work when someone have to run errands all over the Valley... I asked if I could set an appointment on another day, because it would be easier than wait for hours. Nop, because "the management doesn't authorize them to book appointments". That's ridiculous. Who would like to wait for 2-3-4h for an oil change?! Why don't they just set appointments or at least have loaner cars available?!I'm pissed. I drove around 75 miles for nothing today and I'll have to go back... That's ridiculous. I hope this will change because you'll lose a ton of clients because of that.
2	Alright
