5	Ok, saw this place open up in the past few weeks, thought i would give it a try.  It was a great experiance.  I very rarely rate 5 stars for anything.  However, the food, the portion and quality was sufficant and the service was great.  The place was simple, yet clean, and the staff was polite and attentive.  Overall, great experiance.  I will return to this restaurant for lunch.
5	Wow! Went their on a whim and was pleasantly surprised to enjoy some of the best Thai food I've had in years. The atmosphere was relaxing, the staff polite and attentive. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did.
5	Let me start by saying that this place is outstanding. I'm relatively new to Thai, and this is a new restaurant. They opened where a previous restaurant closed. Looks like they totally remodeled. It looks fresh and clean inside. The staff and owners are way nice and friendly and attentive. I'm becoming a big fan of Thai food. Even though I haven't had it loads of times, I can tell you that this is probably the best I've ever had. I've eaten out enough to be able to say what's good at least, and Thai Basil is wicked good for sure. It's awesome that they deliver as Thai places normally don't, but a shame they don't deliver to my house because I live too far away. We're probably going to be getting takeout from here a bunch.I had their signature dish with beef - it was amazing. I got medium spice which was perfect if not a little less spicy than I would've liked for most of the dish, but when I got to the end, it definitely started to kick in. I would start with medium unless you like things really hot. Mild for those who are less adventurous. We also got a coconut curry yellow chicken dish which was awesome as well. Their spring rolls and fresh rolls are both vegetarian and both in my top 10 of all time for any Asian restaurant... perhaps in my top 5. The portions were huge. We got 2 entrees and 2 appetizers for the two of us, and luckily my girlfriend's sister came over to help us eat it because there's no way the two of us could've even dented it by ourselves. There's enough food here for 3-4 people. I don't know if it works that way when you dine in, but I ordered mine to-go and there was so much food.We got Thai iced tea as well, and it's easily the best I've ever had. Normally, I give it a couple of days or so before I write a review, but I'm sitting here having just finished eating - feeling content with a happy tummy and I just had to write it down. Anyway - I love this place. I will be back for sure.
5	This location is new and food is delicious. I saw it open up on my daily commute and had to stop in.  **I love this place**. The fact it's less than a mile from my house is a extra bonus. Their approach is classic Thai. They are nice with the spice and use quality ingredients. Maybe it's because they just opened but you can tell they take pride in what they do here. The service is polite and attentive. The dishes arrived quickly and were well sized. Although I had Dinner here, I am sure this place would have fast enough service for lunch. I have to do my weekday lunches downtown, there is a Thai Basil there too but its an absolute zoo at lunchtime. Thai Basil A +++(A great dish and the namesake)The veggies A+ (Very fresh)Noodles A++ (Perfectly cooked)Price: Very Reasonable
4	Just tried this place had them deliver to the office I work at. The food was great, would def order again. Delivery was quick.
4	I was in the area, waiting on some car work to finish up and I had a craving for something spicy. I was not disapointed! Amazing Thai food and fantasic service! Staff is friendly and the place is clean. I dont usually eat thai food, but I have always heard how good it is and it comes up because people know I like spicy food.  I got the green curry and it was excellent. It seems to be very authentic but I am far from an expert on thai food. I do know my veggies and spice and the ones they used were very fresh and high quality. I went there bymyself in the late afternoon but I am going to come back with some company to try more. (more plates to sample from).
4	I grew up eating amazing Thai food at a little place in the Bay Area. Thai iced tea and crystal noodles hold a special place in my heart. That said I really haven't found a Thai place in AZ that I've been crazy about yet. Thai Basil has changed that.We decided to try them on a whim as I had a craving for chicken satay and a menu happened to be in our junk drawer magically. This location is relatively new but Yelp reviews seemed favorable so we gave it a shot. Definitely satisfied the craving and won some Thai food newbies over as well.I agree with the reviewer who said the portions were huge! We ordered 4 orders of chicken satay, a chicken pad thai, and a side of crystal noodles for take out. It was ready in a quick 10 minutes, and was more than enough food for all 5 of us to split. Also ordered two Thai iced teas and our total was still less than $60 with tip(yes, I tip even with take out!). Was very impressed with the service and the food. The actual dining room seemed a bit informal but probably wouldn't be a terrible place to eat in. Thai Basil offers delivery to my area so my lazy butt might never actually find the need to!
5	Thai Basil is a culinary gem, tucked away in a little nondescript strip mall on Baseline close to the intersection at Alma School. Don't let it's exterior fool you! Inside, the decor is spare and modern with a cool Asian vibe, which beautifully sets off the real star of the show: their basil-infused menu.I was an avid fan of their predecessor, Palee's Crown, and was heartbroken when it closed down a few months ago. Grudgingly, I visited the new place and expected to be less than impressed (I'm picky about my Thai). Was I surprised! The food is as good if not better than Palee's, plus I really like the fresh decor. My favorite dish is the tangy Eggplant with pork (I order it "mild" and get chili sauce on the side) and my daughter can't get enough of the Peanut Curry with pork (also known as Panang Curry). I've tried other things as well and I've liked them all. Consistently great food! Plus, the owners and staff are friendly and attentive, which is very important to me.Hope you'll give this restaurant a shot. I want them to be successful so I can continue to enjoy their mouth-watering fare for years to come. After you visit, I think you will too!
3	Service is very nice.  The cooking though is uneven.  The dishes we had during our first and second visits were very good.  Our third visit was not as good.
3	Came here for dinner tonight with my hubby.  We are from Las Vegas visiting family for the holidays. After eating left over foods, my husband and I craved for something different.  It was quite hard to find a restaurant that is still open at 9:30pm.  Luckily, I found Thai Basil in Yelp and called them.  Although they closed at 10pm, we did not feel rushed at all.  We got there at 9:54pm and the lady that waited us still had a smile on her face and asked for our order politely.  That is where the extra star is from.We ordered Tofu Panang, Tom Kha and BBQ Chicken.  I was a little disappointed with my tofu panang as it did not have enough tofu in it and the tofu was not fried.  The Tom Kha was ok nothing special to it.  I've had better.  The Jasmine tea was excellent, perfect for the cold weather.  The chicken BBQ was the most disappointing of all.  For $10, they served 3 small pieces of chicken breast on a bed of a bunch of cabbage with sweet chili sauce.  My husband was so disappointed!!  The taste was ok nothing special but if I knew that we are only getting 3 small pieces for 10 bucks, we wouldn't have ordered it.  Their thai tea was good according to my husband.The 3 stars is definitely for the service and the late night availability.  The food is not all that and they are quite pricey for the amount of food that they are serving.  If we ever go back, we will definitely not order the bbq chicken and tofu panang.  I think I will try different place before I come back here.
3	Yet another entry into the Thai Basil family...so far...better than the others I have tried.Sunday Afternoon, 3 PM and in the search for Thai, everything is closed between lunch and dinner.  The luck of a good eye catching the name of the restaurant drew me in.  It appears to be the stripmall version...not a lot of ambience, about 50 seats, Only 1 other table seated when I entered the establishment.  Host/waitperson is sitting behind the pay out counter, and as she stands, she waves me in.  Picking up a menu, she meets me at the table, opens my menu and invites me to sit.  She turned to get water.  Seated, I checked the menu and when she returned, I let her know I was ready to order.  Steamed Rice and Som Tom, which is shredded green papaya salad.  The salad is papaya, palm sugar, tomato, garlic, lime juice and fish sauce.  Some places add green bean, shrimp or salt crab.  I just want the basic.  Some thai restaurants understand the idea of Thai hot, though the waitperson had to ask for clarity.  Thai hot is, to me, more spice than is fit for human consumption.8 minutes from order to delivery.  Salad portion is respectable, about 1 1/2 cups.  It is served on cut lettuce with some shredded purple cabbage.  While I ordered Thai Hot, I received a preparation that was 5 hot (5 makes my nose run, 8 makes my forehead sweat and 10/Thai Hot brings tears to my eyes).  The chef came out and asked my impression of the salad.  I advised it was tasty, a bit salty and not as hot as I would have liked.  She said she would remember next time.Rice...1 1/4 cup, a little mushy.Certainly a better experience as compared to the Thai Basil locations close to ASU.  The location is clean...nearly looks barren in this Sunday afternoon light.  I will be back to try other items.
4	Came here expecting to eat at Palee's crown and found it had changed to Thai Basil. First impression was good, it looks clean and nice inside and the staff was very welcoming, I had some curry but ordered it medium hot as when this place was Palee's Crown medium was like very hot most other places. The waitress was very charming and when I told her what  wanted and she said she would make it medium and bring me some chili sauce if I wanted it spicier. The food came and was on the mild side but delicious and after I added some chili sauce was perfectly to my liking, The fresh rolls were very good also, like a salad wrapped up in rice noodle with a very delicious sauce, The service was excellent and the food very good, Overall a great night.
2	I have to appreciate the fact that they deliver, but OMG it is not worth their prices.  The entrees (even soup and salad!!!) cost $8.95+ and the appetizers are $5.95+ while the portions are mediocre at best.  I can order delivery from any Asian outfit and get twice the food for half the cost.  The quality and taste of the food here is just average.  Fool me once, shame on you..  fool me twice.. haha... ain't gonna happen.  It's just sad that a really good, authentic Thai restaurant in this location was replaced by a money-hungry chain.
5	i eat here often and i love it.  It's one of my favorite restaurants in mesa. when ever i have friends in town i take them here.  the food is so tasty and the everyone that works there is friendly and happy.  5 stars for sure.
5	Awesome Thai food. One of the best in town. And the coconut ice cream and fried plantains was hands-down the best Thai dessert I have ever tasted. Wonderful people too!
1	I just threw about $20 worth of their food in the trash. I will never go back.I ordered 2 items to go. The chicken coconut soup had a great flavor so I was enchanted...at first.Then as I stirred up the soup from the bottom of the container I found slices of chicken that were extremely chewy and bland, almost as if the meat was old.  Ok, I can eat around the chicken, I thought, but no....there were hard inedible shreds of lemongrass like floating pieces of straw that made the remainder of the soup unsalvageable.Then I tried the Pad Pik King. Oh dear.  The string beans were partially cooked and very tough. I couldn't locate a single piece of beef that didn't have gristle in it. But hey, the plain white rice was okay and generous!Don't bother.  Really.
5	Only been to this one Thai place in Phoenix, but it's so goo I don't need to go anywhere else.  Great, friendly staff.  Have brought friends from out of town who have loved the food too. Glad to randomly find this place.
4	Good pad thai, good sized servings. This is my favorite thai spot in the area.
5	The food was quite delicious, and we got it quickly.  The waitress was really sweet and helpful and went out of her way to make sure our food was perfect.  We had a strict carnivore, several omnivores, and a vegan in our group, and everyone was able to find something they liked.  Highly recommend this place.
5	delicious and fresh. one of the best restaurants I've found in the Dobson Ranch area
5	I absolutely love their yellow curry and Thai iced tea. I travel a lot, so on my way home I frequently order take out from this location. The curry is always consistent and the server that usually works Friday lunch is very sweet and makes really good Thai tea. I've only eaten in the restaurant once and she waited on me then too. This is probably my favorite Thai place in Phoenix!
5	They have really great Thai food. There prices are also great! I love there lunch specials! Every time I go the staff is so friendly and I am seated quickly!
5	I've lived in se Asia for 20 years, some of that in Thailand and have tried most the thai spots that Arizona had to offer.   Hands down this thai basil is the best and very authentic.
4	We went here for lunch on a Friday.  We were seated quickly and the eating area is clean.Our waitress was very friendly and was working the lunch crowd (impressively) alone.Service is 5 star for sure.We ordered peanut curry, pad thai, and dumplings.Like some of the other reviews, they were a little light with the spice.  The pad thai was mostly sweet, but still good.The peanut curry was also a lighter version of 'spicy' but still good as well.The dumplings....were just ok, and The rice was instant?  Something weird.Overall, minus the rice thing, great lunch place, with excellent service, and affordable too.They had several lunch specials and our bill was less than 20$, incl. the appetizer.
5	I wasn't really Into thai food until I came here. Now I love it! Every time I have gone in I've tried something different and so far there is nothing I haven't liked. The staff is always super nice and helpful with the menu. They also give you the decision to make your meal as spicy or as mild as you'd like.
4	I was expecting the typical "even bad Thai food is pretty good" meal, and was pleasantly surprised. Really good food for really cheap. Hopefully they get their liquor license soon so I can have a nice cold Phuket with my meal next time.
4	Excellent thai food!  Really fresh & lots of great vegetables.  Four of us came in for dinner tonite & ordered 2 orders of green curry, one of house special (Thai Basil Chicken), & an order of BBQ chicken.  All are served with complimentary white rice.  Food came quickly, we were seated immediately, and it was really, really good.  More than enough too, we couldn't finish all of it.  I was blown away at how good all this food was.  The restaurant is large enough so that you don't feel squeezed in & looked clean.  Most dinner items were about $9.95 or so, which as I said includes rice on most of them.  I would come back here every week if I lived close enough.
5	The food was very good.  Chicken was high quality, I often opt out of the meat at thai places as I'm picky about rubbery chicken,  no need here.Basil chicken dish was excellent.  I'm new to the area and will be going back for sure.
4	Pretty good for that authentic taste! Very nice inside and very clean. The owner is very nice and the pricing is great! Definitely will come back again!
1	Well I love Thai basil been to all their locations. This location sucks. I called and asked what the lunch special was. I was told one plate only, which was the green curry avocado. When I got there, there was more stuff on the lunch special. She gave me the most expensive over the phone & didn't care  to explain the rest when I first called. Then I question her about the sign that's outside the restaurant that says lunch special $6.95.  She had an attitude with me and didn't seem to care on what I was telling her. She took my food & gave me the regular curry. Very confusing. Won't be coming back to this location.
4	I went for dinner last night. The Pad Thai with chicken I ordered was delicious, a huge portion, and reasonably priced. The service was decent. I will definitely go back!
4	Very good food we were very happy the only reason I am not giving it a 5 star is it's not a really great looking place like as in first date not a home feeling ore like strip mall feel bla. Workers very nice and as I said very good food
3	The Thai Basil restaurant is decorated with Thai statues and black framed art. Every table has a vase with a green plant and a paper light. For drinks, I'd recommend the Thai Iced Tea, which consisted of thai tea and half and half. Unlike most Thai restaurant, it was a brownish orange color. The Fried Tofu consisted of 6 deep fried, gigantic tofu triangles. It was served with homemade sweet and sour sauce. The Pad See Ew with Beef consisted of stir fried wide rice noodles, egg, sweet soy sauce, chinese broccoli, broccoli, and carrots. The Kao Pad Pineapple with Chicken consisted of fried rice, egg, pineapple chunks, cashew nuts, tomato wedges, carrots, julienne onions, and peas. It wasn't in a tomato based sauce. The Sweet Sticky Rice with Mango consisted of black beans and sticky rice topped with condensed milk and served with sliced whole mango. It was a great way to end the meal!
4	I've eaten in once, and ordered takeout a couple of times, and I'm a generally a fan of this little neighborhood Thai joint.It's a simple enough operation, and the folks here have always been friendly. I've never seen more than one or two other tables full, but I have only been in during odd times. You know, you get those odd time Thai food cravings and you've got to get you some.You can stick with the basics and be pretty happy--they make a nice green curry, red curry, panang, and so on. They're not heaping with meats and veggies, and tend to run on the thinner side of curries, but that's just fine with me. I like to pour a little over rice and make it a big, wet mess. Spice levels are adjustable, and they seem to have it dialed in as to what constitutes mild, medium, hot, and authentic. Hot is just on the edge of tolerance, so I always go with medium. It just burns the lips a little afterwards. Know, however, that I'm a big wussy mouth.Sadly, they recently stopped doing online orders (as of 12/14.... but do check and see if they started again). This was my go-to, especially as sometimes I order from a distance and send someone else to pick it up. I just won't be able to order from them the same without the online function.
