1	This restaurant replaced the Wendy's that was once here, and is currently the only option for food in the D-terminal. I ordered take out once, service was terrible, and I'm never coming back.I give it a try, so I order the Torta del Barrio to go, with fries. It's a vegetarian option for $13, including cheese stuffed peppers among other vegetables. One gentleman was in front of me, so I wait after my order.Three people order after me within 15 minutes, each ordering items on the menu of similar preparation (one even got the same dish). They were ALL SERVED BEFORE ME! I ended up waiting for 35 minutes for a meal that wasn't even that good. The fries were soggy and bland, and the bread for the torta tasted stale. No way that cost $13, I could've made that for under $5.The restaurant didn't look that much better. The place was packed, and they pumped out a couple dishes every 10 minutes. The majority of tables were not served the entire time I was there, and they definitely ordered before I arrived.When you're trying to fly out, you want a quick bite to eat. The 35 minutes wait was inexcusable, especially since all those customers were served until I was dead last. The most I got out of the cashier was "Sorry, I tried." If you're going to serve food at the airport, that kind of service won't cut it.I've never said this before, but I'd have preferred fast food at the time.
1	$14 burrito with south of France ingredients. Uh, HELLO, were in a recession!
1	If they charge $11 for a tiny glass of friggin' Cadillac they'd better make it right. Boy, this place sucks. That is why I live in LA!
4	As far as airport food goes this was pretty good. I had the pork tacos with the side salad instead of the fries. First of all for $12 it was a ton of food. (Fyi my meal was cheap but everything else besides the tacos and burritos were spendy) The tacos were street taco sized but there were 4 of them and the salad serving was pretty generous. The salad was delish and I suspect a lot of it had to do with the cheese. It was unlike anything I've ever had. It's like a cross between a mild goat cheese and cottage cheese. The dressing was really light on the greens too which was great after a weekend of horrible eating. The tacos were really tasty too. On the salty side but the marinade was good and the pork was really tender. Topped with a pico de gallo and more of the cheese. I actually really enjoyed it. Though I ended up scarfing it down like a starving coyote since my first flight got in a little late and it took me a while to order. There is nothing else really for food in this terminal but regardless I would probably stop here again. I would just make sure I had more time to enjoy.I should note I sat at the bar. This is not for the to-go window.
2	First of all we LOVE barrio cafe and barrio queen in Phoenix and Scottsdale. If we had to pick a last meal it would be their guacamole, pork tacos and posole. This is why we were soooooo excited to see barrio at the airport. Very sadly it did not measure up at all :(The posole soup did not have hominy and radishes like at the other restaurants, it seriously seemed like they just threw pork in some broth. We also ordered the pork tacos and all of the pork was very fatty, I couldn't even eat it. I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!
4	Best airport food I've ever had hands down... uhhh hello!?! You're in an airport and buying alcohol did you expect it being cheap?!?! For an airport place it has great food, I had the chicken poblano burrito wife had pork tacos... they we're both outstanding! Yes a bit expensive but again you're in an airport! As far as it replacing Wendy's???? Are ya kidding me?!?! Hell yes! Go to sleep!!!
1	This establishment is an absolute shame to the other barrio restaurants.  This was my third and final attempt. First time they said they couldn't scramble eggs.  I could get over easy but not scrambled. The waitress said the cook told her it takes to long.   Makes no sense as an over easy egg takes longer to make. Second try they ran out of the bread for the French toast. Today I asked for apple juice.  They said they don't carry it.   That was fine but when I said I will just have water the waitress was beyond rude to me. She rolled her eyes and gave me a very sarcastic" sorry" and chuckled.  I don't need attitude to eat an overpriced 13 dollar burrito.   Did I mention that I had to go find a hostess all three times?  One time she was on her cell.  Do not eat here.  Walk to c gates for the same meal for half the price at fox sports grill.
4	Best airport food ever.  Eclectic Mexican in a nice environment--given it's an airport.  Highly recommmended!
5	The best airport food I've had in years, if ever. I knew I was in for something special when the waiter brought the bread and sauce, a sublime combination of tapenade, caponata and salsa. Then came the menu. Decisions, decisions. Should I play it safe and order a burrito or try something different and new? I chose the latter and went with the cochinita pibil, a slow-cooked (12 hours) pork dish served with mashed potatoes, a sort of pico de gallo, marinated cucumbers, tortillas and a little au jus on the side. Fan-freakin'-tastic. Not sure why the other Yelpers on here gave this place such short shrift. If Barrio's other locations really are that much better than here, then this is the best Mexican "chain" on earth. Worth getting to the airport early for!
2	This seems like a mailed in effort from one of my favorite local chefs.  My breakfast sandwich was absolutely average and exceptionally messy given the fact that you are likely going to be eating it off your lap.  The bread was heavy and bland; I wound up discarding it.One general complaint about the overall new restaurant plan.  I am absolutely a fan of the local restaurants in the airport but as I was in the Southwest terminal I couldn't find any reasonably priced dishes.  I find that interesting given the fact that the Southwest terminals are usually ground zero for families and young kids.  I feel bad for the mom of 4 who has no option but to spend $15 for some french toast at Barrio or LGO.  What happened to  the cheaper options?
4	Not bad for airport food.  Really enjoyed my torta.  Beer taps weren't working when I was there, so that was a bummer.
4	I love, love, the margaritas and food. I purposely show up at the airport 2 hrs early since usually depart out of Gate C. Seriously the best airport restaurant for food and drink. Best of all I, the food and beverages are the same price as the other airport restaurants.
2	They don't realize they are in an airport an people are in a hurry. Our waitress was constantly distracted with having to whip up fresh guacamole instead of serving her customers. 20 minutes for $15 tacos that I have to shove down my face in order to make my flight was not enjoyable.
1	I hate Yelp.  I detest that people would rather sit through a bad restaurant experience than be proactive on the spot, get a manager and make things instantly better. Instead, they fester in their car ride home and then critique what could have been fixed.  Because of this I don't get too negative and slam places... normally.That being said guys, this was terrible and you need to 1. know about it  2.  fix it.  There were three people at your bar on a slow Thursday morning.  There were two bartenders, someone doing inventory and digging through the coolers and some other random staff on the floor.  The service was absolutely and completely non-existent.  Zero sense of urgency - at an airport none the less.  The employees were seemingly staring off into space and having random conversations with each other -  completely ignoring customers, tickets, bussing dirty plates, etc...  I have been in the industry for over 20 years and the anxiety I felt because the place was running so poorly was overwhelming.  The three of us at the bar, all complete strangers, were looking at each other in disbelief.  I guarantee we are all still talking about how frustrated we were.  A keg blew when this poor guy finally got some attention and the tap exploded foam all over him, only to be told by the bartender that "it happens all the time".  He got his beer 7 minutes later - a restaurant eternity.  Come on guys - I know it's an airport but it's still your name and you have to get some attention down there.
1	Just as expensive and crappy as their main location. But it was the only place in the vicinity for booze. Then got hungry and had a salad that was 12 freakin dollars for hardly anything. What a joke. LAME!!! Stay away people!
2	The burrito is full of chicken but that is where it ends. there is minimal flavor and the food is overpriced, what do you expect in an airport. On a positive note the service was decent.
1	High prices, slow service. 15 bucks for a pollo poblano burrito with fries. Choice of salad or fries. After 15 min of waiting, I received my burrito with a salad. So I asked for my fries. They simply scraped the salad off the plate and plunked fries on top of the balsamic mess. My burrito was soggy, mediocre amount of chicken, and the vinegar taste was strong. Another thing I didn't like was that if you order takeout you cannot sit in the seating area. Dine in only. It's an airport. I don't have time to wait for someone to bring me a check when I'm trying to catch a plane. I'm not stopping here again. Pizza Hut probably would've been worth the walk...another note, the drinks in the cold case were warm so they had a bucket on the counter with ice. This ensured colder drinks but it was crowded and I almost pulled a muscle trying to lean over to get the drippy water on the other end of the counter.  I don't understand why the cashier couldn't have just handed me one as she saw me struggle. Just a negative experience all around. :(See pix.
2	"Oh, look," I say, "They have a 'to-go' counter."But not an expedient one.  You order off of the menu and then they make your food, and if you're me, then they make the wrong thing and have to make it again.  So twenty minutes later, you can go catch up with your friends and actually board your plane.  They did give me the botch, though, which was a nice bonus.  Food was a little bland and not quite as delicious as I'd been hoping for.  I also found the breakfast sandwich a little difficult to eat while I was sitting on the plane, worrying that I wouldn't be able to bite into the giant bread without squirting over-easy egg onto everything surrounding me.  Sadly, it's about the only restaurant in this terminal, though it looks as though they might be building another one.
2	Bad service...mediocre food...what more?
1	This was my most disappointing airport food experience ever.Thinking, "hey, we went to barrio cafe and it was a great meal, we can have a good meal at the airport.  great!" I went in with expectations.  And those expectations were so not met.First off, no frozen margaritas.  They're on the menu, but they were out?  How does one run out of traditional frozen margarita?  Pretty sure you take all the usual ingredients with ice and stick it in a blender.  So 2 members of our party left.Then we get food.  Disaster.  I order the cochinita pibil (which I had the last time I was at Barrio Cafe).  Definitely not as good.  Didn't finish it.  Hardly ate it.Husband was served overcooked, dry, microwaved chicken.We had margaritas on the rocks.  They tasted like salt.  Just salt.They comped the chicken (after my husband complained), but we're not going back.  There are better restaurants for us to spend our money at.
3	Good drinks-not horribly overpriced.  GREAT drink specials - $11 for a 20oz GOOD beer and a shot of anything!  Can't beat that!!!  Friendly bartenders and decent food.  You know, what can you REALLY expect from an airport restaurant.  You don't go for the food.  If you're really hungry enough to eat at the airport, then don't expect 4 star restaurant quality.... and don't judge the airport restaurants as such. This really is the only bar/restaurant option in the Southwest terminal.  I found a security guard and asked about some of the other restaurants in the airport and was told that unless you want to make the 20-30 minute hike around security to get around to some of the other gates, you should just stay put.  I'm actually glad he suggested this- even though I had a 3 hour layover.  The menu LOOKS impressive... but again, remember where you are.  I did happen to be starving and needed a little something to soak up the drinks I would be consuming during my loooong layover.  I ordered the poblano burritto.  For an airport burrito it wasn't bad- but it was slightly lacking in flavor.  I asked for something to add some spice and they provided me with three different kinds of salsa to try, which did make it a little better.  What most impressed me was the service.  The bartenders and servers were all upbeat and smiley- very friendly and definitely created a welcoming atmosphere.  The drinks were not HORRIBLY over- priced and now if you order a beer, you can add a shot of ANYTHING for $4!  I got a shot of Don Julio (which might normally be at least $10+) so ended up paying $11 for a 20oz Modelo Especial and excellent tequila.  And other reviewers were right.... this is definitely a great place for eye candy!  All the hotties seem to flock here...
2	I wanted to grab a quick bite before flying back to LA.  Service here could hardly be described as quick here, nor could it be described as accurate.  I never did get my drink order that day; not even a glass of water.
1	Barrio cafe in Phoenix airport... What scatter brain corporate executive in charge of this place green lighted and ok'd the use of jalapeno peppers in ALL repeat ALL the hash browns??? So your kids will be screaming/crying for mercy with one bite. And there's not even a warning... Just some idiotic "our famous barrio browns" in the menu description. Wake up and fire some CEO's please and fix your menu. Also the food was horrible. $30 at the airport for two breakfasts that weren't even as good as Mc Donalds or Burger king breakfast. You people should be ashamed. I didn't know that it was even possible to screw eggs, bacon and hash browns up this bad. My advice would be to avoid this place at all costs. A microwave breakfast burrito that has been frozen since Abraham Lincoln was born would be better. Run for your life.
4	Place is packed (Gate D @ PHX) -granted, it's day before Thanksgiving. Having the Burrito Arizona - nicely done. Moist pork and tomatillo sauce w a sprinkle of Oaxaca cheese. Dee-vinnne!!!  Love the Barrio fries w/ house ketchup (spicy)!
2	Why do I always eat here? Food is just okay. Expensive and very slow service
4	Well I guess they must have read some of the reviews as I got a great lunch - fresh guacamole (one of best I've had) and great beer-battered shrimp tacos. None of the complaints about poor service apply - can't complain. Was in and out in about 30 mins at around 1pm on a weekday.
1	I ate at the original barrio cafe on 16th which was very good and interesting (maybe a little overpriced) but definetly recommended.  The airport barrio cafe was like the owner lost control of the car and drove off the road that has taken them to success.  I ordered a burrito (don't remember which) but it was soggy, with what tasted like canned chicken and a ton of sour cream.  Nasty!!
4	I hope maybe my visit was a sign that this place is turning around a bit. I went to Barrio in the airport on the way to NYC a couple weeks ago. I had the burrito with chicken and goat cheese and all sorts of yummyness inside. I thought it was very good! Very close to the quality of the food at their original restaurant. The service was a bit slow for an airport place, but that means you have to get there a bit earlier. The BF had the pulled pork torta and really enjoyed his food as well. I would say the cons include: expensive, not enough space between tables for a place in an airport...need a little space for luggage etc, and the service is slower than fast casual places (obviously). The pros, however, include: The food is very tasty, the ingredients in my food tasted fresh, they have tasty margaritas, and you're in the airport and not eating at pizza hut.....Hopefully the kinks will get worked out at this location and it can be just as successful as the location on 16th st.
1	It was a Sunday AM at ~6:30 AM.Place was empty.Me = only customer.Only positive was the service....and I question that because the server had to see the lack of quality on the plate that was set before me...and still left it.So here is what my $20  bought me (includes tax and tip)...Ordered Omelette Mexicali and a soda..I do not know what was specifically wrong with the eggs, but they were not right.I think the menu states three eggs...yeha right...unless they meant quail eggs.Kind a watery on top of it. A "little" toss of cheese on top.The pico on the plate was old. Seriously? I appeared to be the first customer of the day and they give me this old stuff? Yuk! The potatoes were disgusting. Ate two bites.  They were old, wrinkly and soggy.They had a funny taste to them that I could not place. I almost had to use the air-sick bag on the plane when I was thinking "Why did I eat those?".Oh..the toast was good with the packaged butter and jelly. They are NOT getting any more of my money...ever.I am OK paying airport process for food, but if it is disgusting like this then shame on them!!! Please go out of business so another place can have a shot at that spot.
4	This was a pleasant surprise for airport food, yes its pricey but at least its worth it.  They have killer french press coffee, they bring you a big carafe for 2 that makes at least 5-6 cups.  I ordered the chilaquiles which were tasty and my husband had the Mexican omelet.  The service was really good too, since we were in a time crunch they served us pretty quick.  If in the area again I would definitely come back and try the cochinita pibil witch is supposed to be the house specialty.
3	Sat at the bar - good service. Had the steak tacos - pretty good. Draft beer - 20 oz. Total = $20. I left full and not broke in the airport. I'd go back.
5	For being at the airport I have to say their food is fantastic. I am a taco freek and their beer battered shrimp tacos are the bomb! I get them everytime I go to the tthis airport.
4	Heck ya... one of my all time favs comes to Sky Harbor!!!
4	Wow! Who knew airport Pozole could be so delicious!We had half an hour to grab a bite before our next plane but didn't want to do fast food. The hostess said they were quick so we sat ourselves down and ordered margaritas and pozole. It took about 15 minutes to get our food and drinks - which is pretty quick for a sit-down type of place (but a little long for just soup!). The pozole was great! I really wasn't expecting much since we were at the airport, but I was really impressed! The margaritas were strong and definitely gave us a nice buzz for our flight home. Would definitely come here again if I find myself in the Phoenix Airport!
5	The airport Barrio Cafe has the best nachos I have ever had in my life... Trust me I have had a lot of nachos.  These are foodie nachos not yellow cheese game day nachos.  Last time I was at Barrio Queen they did not have them at that location.  Nachos plus a fabulous margarita here are the start to a great trip either for business or pleasure!
5	Let's start this way. I could not decide between pork or beef tacos. I asked the server he said that the chef was known for her pork treatment. Chef ?? pork treatment?? These are words I would have never expected to hear at an airport restaurant. Way cool. And the food itself delicious again very unexpected at an airport. This is not the least expensive place here but well worth it. You are about to be crammed on to a SWA plane at least enjoy this one luxury.
4	I begrudgingly hate going to the airport, but be-still my heart... There's a Barrio Cafe here! I was so excited about my find, I spent my time enjoying a delicious plate of Chiliquiles Verdes while waiting for my flight to depart. The Chiliquiles Verdes cheered me up right away. The tortillas had a crispy texture that was just the right amount of thickness. The baked seasoned tortillas supported the weight of the rich ranchero sauce that embraced them. With all this carb loading, the French Pressed coffee prevented me from falling into a deep food coma so I didn't miss my flight! Barrio Cafe definitely helped kick off my morning to a great start!
2	Standard to slightly better corporate-style Mexican fare. Overpriced margaritas are probably the best thing about the Sky Harbor Intl Airport.
2	- The service was friendly and prompt- The guacamole was better than what I had at the downtown location- The posole was much worse than the downtown locationOverall, decent overpriced airport food if you have time.
4	I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by the chilaquiles! I order my food to go because of the limited time before my connecting flight. When at the counter the cashier asked how I wanted my eggs...I was slightly confused because I thought they were always mixed in. Needless to say I just said scrambled. The taste was amazing! The cheese was phenomenal and taste was incredible! The chilaquiles were prepared perfectly, they reminded me of the ones i enjoyed while living in TJ. I would definitely go back.Try it.
2	I would only recommend this place for the drinks! I find it odd that a Mexican food place doesn't sell chips and salsa or beans! The main side for food is fries!!! It's really weird! I think they should rethink their menu!' For this reason I give them 2 stars!I had a chicken spinach salad and it was decent!
1	I wish I could tell you what Barrio Cafe is like, but my experience wasn't very helpful.While traveling, I was at Sky Harbor for a layover between flights and wanted to get some lunch. Barrio Cafe was right next to my gate, so I decided to go for it even though the prices were a little high.I was seated quickly next to an older couple, and shortly after I was settling into my seat they had an appetizer delivered. I asked them what it was, because it looked quite good, and found out it was the tecate breaded fish and shrimp. I was tempted to grab it for a meal, and thanked them for letting me know.I perused the menu. No server came by.I plugged in my phone at the A/C outlet next to the table. No server came by.The couple next to me finished their meal. No server came by.The couple requested their check and their waiter dropped it off, then turned and walked away. No server asked if I had been helped.The couple next to me paid their check and asked "Has anyone even gotten you a drink yet?"I checked my watch. It had been 15 minutes since I was seated, and I had 20 minutes before my flight was supposed to start boarding. I stood up to leave. The waiter who had come by to collect the check from the couple next to me asked how my meal was. I told him I didn't know, since no-one had ever taken my order.He asked if I wanted to sit back down. I explained to him that I was concerned about missing my connecting flight, and that I really just wanted to get some lunch  quickly.Instead of letting me go, he gave me a rather nasty look and said "Well, if THAT'S the way you feel, SIR, maybe you /should/ go somewhere else."I'm very, very glad I didn't give them my money, and if I'm going through Sky Harbor again, I don't intend to ever return.
4	Best place to eat in the airport.  Fish tacos are fresh and it's a nice change from airport food :) I'll be back.
3	Not bad for an airport restaurant. A little loud whether from the airport ambience or the music played. The food is pretty good and much better than the typical airport fast food. I like the tacos.
4	I've been this to restaurant several times while waiting for my flight. I ordered the poblano sandwich and it was good. My server Marina was so helpful and friendly that I hope she's working next time I'm at the airport..
5	Of course my flight was delayed so I decided to sit down and have a meal at Barrio. First of all the service I received from both the manager and my server was some of the best I have had. After being seated, the manger stopped by to see if I had any questions about the menu, which I did, and he proceeded to go back to the kitchen and show me the type of chip they use for their nachos. While my daughter and I were waiting for our food, he brought her out a thinly sliced apple without me asking for anything. The nachos were different than I have ever had, and were awesome! Their pork is delicious and the sauce, yes sauce, for the nachos was super good. I wish they had a Barrio in Seattle because I will be craving these nachos!!
3	Nice "fancy" restaurant in phx. Great staff, excluding the hostess, great wine pours, but the barrio salad tasted like it was dragged thru the barrio streets before being plated. It sounds promising but the favors taste awful. Get something else.
4	This place was pretty cool and it was my first time there...surprisingly at the airport location rather than down the street at the actual location. The bartenders were nice. We had some great drinks and the food looked amazing. I would love to check out the actual location but the Phoenix airport is pretty awesome now that it has all the local restaurants in there.
1	I had heard nothing but good things about this place so I was more than a little disappointed when we tried it. I had the pork dish which promised to be full of flavor. Far from it, it didn't even have salt. It was extremely bland & boring to say the least. The hubby had the beef tacos which tasted more like pot roast than Mexican food. Maybe the chef at the Phoenix location gets it right. This one surely doesn't. By far the worst food ever. I gave it 1 star because the waiter was great.
2	had a $20 slow cooked pork dish (cochinito pibil) that was described as a house speciality.  Nothing special.  Salty, a little dry...lots of spices. Obvious sauce drips on plate rim were partially wiped off...made the plate look unapetizingly dirty at first.  The $7 Modelo tasted great!
1	After a hectic morning which resulted in me missing breakfast I ended up in the Sky Harbor Airport around 1:00PM with a short one hour layover. The Barrio Cafe appeared to be the only restaurant that I could eat at and still see my gate. Needless to say, I was starving and everything sounded good. I had ordered the Arizona Burrito. It was... Well... Bland and distasteful... The meat had large chucks of hard inedible fat in it and lacked flavor. Even for airport food the Barrio Cafe is terrible. Service was mediocre the waitress was indifferent and preoccupied talking to her co-workers. I will never go here again. Even if this was the only place to eat I would rather go hungry until I land at my destination then eat at the Barrio....
1	I was desperate for food during my layover a the Phoenix airport and fell upon Barrio Cafe.  Not many vegan or vegetarian options.  I ended up ordering some kind of veggie sandwich, which was okay.  It came with this delicious yellow sauce that made the sandwich edible. I was told that it was tomatillo sauce- yea, I'm pretty sure that was inaccurate.  What was disappointing about this place was how unwilling they were to accommodate your dietary needs.  No substituions or changes... you order what's on the menu. That's it.  And no salsa or chips to start-- I was told they didn't even have traditional salsa in stock... Rather rude staff too.And, of course, prices are quite inflated to properly exploit your hunger during your airport visit.I encourage you to bring some snacks before going to this airport.
5	Best Airport food I have ever tasted.  Table side guacamole a must have!
1	As I sit here at the barrio cafe I must say I'm really disappointed. The staff rushed me into a decision and didn't really answer some of the questions I had about the menu. The food is way over priced. I got the roasted pork plate because when I asked any questions about anything else the server just told me it was the best (its also the priciest of the options I was looking at). I originally wanted wine, but they were out of about half the options and I wasn't about to pay $15 for a glass of Mexican merlot.... My $12 blended margarita was semi runny but also hard to consume due to chunks of ice in it... I mean come on if you're going to over charge me at least give me something decent. My meal arrived about 120 seconds after I ordered it... I think I just paid $40 for fast food (that zucchini could not have possibly been cooked fresh...) Since I have been sitting here I have noticed rude staff (not necessarily to me but to others around me!) one of the gimmicks of this place I guess is that they make guac table side.... I straight up saw the host and a server get into an argument while the server was making the guac for a table next to me. No one smiles. No one accommodates. And my corn tortillas stuck together and ripped apart :( :( :( very sad I wasted my money here.
2	Wow... To have the same name of a great restaurant and deliver an experience that is subpar to say the least is an incredible let down. Expensive, cold and just disappointing.
3	If you are in Phoenix for a layover on Southwest this is the spot. For airport dining this place is well above on food quality and quick attentive service. It's great for people watching and although much of the food is stylized versions of Mexican food, including a lot of quick prep, reheat and serve kind of food, it's actually pretty tasty. I've had the shrimp tacos and they are pretty tasty, a bit over battered but good just the same. The fish taco plate is actually pretty decent size portion (4 tacos) for the money.Considering you are trapped for food choices the prices aren't too out of whack.The only major downside, and it is out of their control, is the volume of a/c being pumped into the terminal creates cold/windy spots in the dining room.
4	Once I clicked on this restaurant, I was hoping, from seeing the low reviews, I clicked the wrong location.  No, this is the correct spot, the one in the airport, and I actually had decent service and good food.  (I ate here around January 2013).  What I had:*cochinita pibil-  meat was flavorful and tender, and large portions.  The sides it came with complimented the meat.*guac- what a nice, surprising twist adding pomegranate seeds to guac.  Nice how you can add items to the guac (like onions, cilantro, tomatoes, etc) and it is made fresh to order at the table.I thought this place is the best airport food I have had.  No complaints yet!  I hope to return during my next trip to AZ.
5	Some of the best food ever served in an airport.  The enchiladas, which are tightly rolled in crusty tortillas and are consequently more like flautas, are outstandingly creative and delicious.  The rest of the fairly small menu is also up to snuff.The only catch is, the service, especially the taking of orders and, even more, the bringing of the check, are on the leisurely scale of a sitdown city restaurant, not of an airport.  If you have less than about 100 minutes till your flight, then FORGET IT.  Don't eat here: you'll expire of a heart attack while fretting over whether the bill will come before your plane starts boarding.But the food is good enough to make it worth arranging a long layover, or coming here from another pod in the same terminal, at least.
1	I wish I could say something good, but the food was lousy, overpriced and the service wasn't much better
1	Bartender stressed the authenticity of how traditional the food is here but yet they will NOT serve a customer chips and salsa. Claims there wasn't a button for it (what ever that means) and it wasn't worth losing his job for it. If you order the $10.95 tableside guacamole you can have chips. They do HAVE chips and they DO have salsa but it's not available to customers. They offer $25 meals but no chips and salsa. What a sham.
5	Five stars for fresh, authentic Mexican street food, in a damn airport for crying out loud! My husband's pork burrito was tender, fresh and bursting with flavor. I ordered a shrimp quesadilla, and out came four small flat tortillas each topped with a single juicy jumbo shrimp, then covered in melted cheeses and super fresh pico de gallo. Everything was on point - the texture and home-made quality of the tortillas and chips; the slow roasted and marinated pork; the freshness of all ingredients, run out of the kitchen as soon as they were prepared. This place is better than any of the 5 mexican places in my small SoCal town. And it's in an airport. In Arizona. HUH? A bit pricey for what it is, and the wine by the glass is $10 a pop, but again, you're in an airport. If you want to eat well, it's going to cost you.
1	Really slow service, even the hostess avoided welcoming us into the restaurant! If you crave just something simple, forget it  sometimes some basic nachos would be great, or a chicken quesadilla maybe, but not here. How about counting 5+ servers, only 6 tables and they all walk by and say nothing!  Service is nothing short of extremely horrible.  Oh then chops and salsa, nope!!  No tipping is the only positive thing, that's only because its to be earned!
3	The food was good, I had pork tacos. Even my waitress Schilee was great! Why only 3 stars? The hostesses were THAT bad. Snobby to the max. One wouldn't put her iPhone down even while seating people! And when two ladies asked for a different table than where she tried to seat them? She handed them their menus and made them seat themselves and walked off annoyed with them. It was so bad I'm docking two stars.
4	I arrived very early to pick up my daughters, so I went in for a beer.I had a Negra Modelo, and after a bit, felt hungry.Their prices are a bit extreme for just a snack, but the fresh-made guacamole sounded delicious, and was reasonably priced.They prepare it table-side, and the anticipation of watching it being prepared makes it taste better. (True story)It had large chunks of avocado, jalapenos, onions, tomatoes, cilantro, lemon juice, and is topped with pomegranate seeds.One of the most amazing guacamoles I've ever had, and I have had, and made dozens of recipes.I may have to head to the location outside the airport, and try one of their entrees.If I spend any significant amount of time in the airport again, I'll certainly hit this spot again!
3	I was craving burritos so I figured I would stop here to eat since it was near my gate.FOOD: okayThe GUACAMOLE was probably the best thing we had.  They make it fresh for you at table-side so you can request what you want or don't want in it.  The CHIPS are kind of hard though, so after awhile, my jaw started to hurt. haha! SERVICE: so-soAt first, the waiter was on top of everything -- friendly, patient, attended to our table quickly.  But after we got our food, the service was horrible.  Our water glasses remained empty, it took forever to get our check, and forever to get our card back.  The waiter seemed to be too busy flirting with the hostess or something.  I guess he didn't come here to work....PRICE: typical for the airport
3	Stopped in for a quick breakfast bite and a drink.  The bartender was friendly but a little brash.  No worries, I didn't plan on staying there too long anyway.
4	I was starving after a day of traveling and after traversing every gate in the airport, I settled on this place with my usual amount of heavy skepticism.  I mean really, airport food?  Ugh.  Well this time I made a good decision because I was actually impressed.The service was friendly, although not the fastest because one of the people behind the scenes misplaced my food for a couple of minutes.  But the counter person realized this pretty quickly and went to find my shrimp tacos as soon as she saw that I was still hanging around.Four shrimp tacos and a bottled water for $16 seems about right for airport food, and this food was good!  I even liked the seasoned fries, and I rarely like seasoned fries.I'm going to keep this one on my list since I actually seem to hit the Phoenix airport a couple times a year.
1	After two visits - terrible.  Cochinita Pibil tacos dry and tasteless.  And with French fries!  Guacamole should be advertised as chopped (at least as well as you can with a spoon by a server who told us it was a pain to do guacamole tableside when it was busy!) avocado not guacamole.  Service seemed just plain uninterested.  Prices not justified at all for what you are going to experience.
4	I almost didn't stop in here due to the middling rating. I'm glad I did!  Delicious Michelada and chicken poblano torta, good music, atmosphere, and awesome murals.
4	Everytime I stop at the PHX airport I make it a point to stop at the Barrio Cafe. They have exceptional margaritas especially there "Lowrider" margarita. There food is also really good especially for airport food.
4	Good food. Approach a little rough when walking in with a Starbucks. Come on folks this is an airport. We had a big group. They finally warmed up. At the end ok. But need to to work on that first greeting
1	Don't goc!!!!Crap service
3	Was hungry on the way out of PHX so stopped here.Margarita - yum.Food - came out cold.  Came back again was luke warm.  The guy next to me said hi steak was not that warm either.  Would move this review to four stars if they heated their plates!Service: pretty good actually.  At least for me.Just get drinks and colder items like guac or salad.
5	Best pork burrito I've ever had. Best airport meal ever! Hope to fly through PHX again just to get one!
2	I haven't even gotten my food(to go) yet, but they gave my order to someone else, then made it with the wrong side, and now I'm hoping I make my flight.  Folks standing to order while a gal stands playing with her phone in fruit of them.  Idiots.
1	I assume this place is owned by the same people who own the 16th street location but if it is, OMG what are you doing polluting your brand?  Stopped there the other night before a flight and was excited because I like the orginal.  No ambience and I had this waitress who looked and acted miserable.  She also made me feel rushed.  So, she pushes the special tequila margarita and i get one.  Just okay.  Then I ask if you can mix and match tacos.. don't want four of the same taco.  No.  Then I order a  chile plate and it was so cold and gross it was inedible.  I sent it back and asked for guamamole and chips which was actually quite good.  Although when the waitress was preparing it tableside she seemed bored and irritated.   To her credit she didn't charge me for the chile.  Real disappointment... go next door to the Grande Orange cafe.
1	After being asked by a fellow yelper to elaborate, here it goes. We approached the hostess and asked for a table for 3 plus a high chair. When she jokingly said "no" I laughed and proceeded to ask for a menu to which she again replied "no"! I guess this was her attempt at humor, however after the first time, it seemed to have lost something. By the way, she never really indicated that she was joking.So, $50, 1 ceasar salad, 1 spinach chicken whatever salad,  a kids chicken tender meal w/ browning apples, and a failed attempt at a pollo poblano burrito later we were on our way to catch our flight. Oh, in between sitting down and paying the check, the service was sub-par to say the least and worse than the cold, soggy burrito and rubberized tenders. The waitress never picked up our menus and never once smiled. While I understand we ate at an airport, this is unacceptable. Next time I'll be sure to read up on more yelp reviews before I waste a meal here. They'll be hearing from me soon.
2	I guess its not bad for an airport resturant.  The service was so bad.. it took us 10 mins each time to flag down the waitress.  We got shrimp tacos that were pretty good except it only had 1 shrimp in each of them... I'd head over to gate A&B to eat at Four Peaks instead
1	Nasty to-go chicken burrito.  It was  boiled chicken in a gravy rolled in a flour tortilla.  yecch.
1	Save your time and money. Food was terrible and cold. Servise was the worst! Stay away!
1	Nothing like the original, which I love.  I ordered the poblano chicken burrito.  I got a soggy burrito loaded with dry chicken, go figure. Anyway it's sounded great spicy chicken with grilled pablano, onions,  etc... I asked the waitress she went to the kitchen, only to come back and say it doesn't come with peppers or onions.  My response,  menu says it does. Well we're out of peppers, I can give you 10% off is that ok. No,  I didn't order a pile of chicken I'm a soggy burrito.  5 minutes late she comes back with a side of grilled onion,  peppers,  whatever else was supposed to be in the burrito.  It helps but I'm annoyed and the meat is cold at this point.  Whatever,  I have a flight to catch,  I just paid my tab (no discount), I'm done and never coming back.
1	I am a pilot with an hour to kill before show time of my next flight. I opt to sit down and relax while I get some good Mexican food. That was nice. I order the $6 Jamaica. The waiter was very confusing when he called it the Jamaica flower water. I've never heard it called that way and it sounds more like a lightly flavor infused water like rose water or something ludicrous. Nope, the waiter just didn't know how Jamaica is made so it seamed normal to him to call it water and not more like sweetened iced tea of flore de Jamaica. Now that's out of the way I get the Arizona burrito. After a few minutes I down the Jamaica and the food comes out. It looks great  and I ask for a refill on the Jamaica.  There are no refills. The glass was a 12oz glass with 8oz of ice. That is $1.50 an ounce for Jamaica. Are these managers completely nuts? It was good but outside of Manhattan I've never ordered something so expensive. The burrito was very flavorful but again small for $13 then piled high with frozen steak fries. So $20.58 for a burrito and Jamaica later I'm out of here never to go back. There are many other great dining options here in sky harbor. No need to stop here unless you are not hungry and you don't care what things cost.Note to the managers. An appropriate price for these would be $1.75 for the Jamaica (or have free refills) and $9 for the burrito. Out the door with tip $12.50. I was so overcharged by your prices that I did not include a tip. I hope you pay your waiters well
4	Went there for breakfast.  Didn't want to shuffle around in a line and wander through crowds to find somewhere to sit.  Other reviews say service was bad, ours was fine.  Food was good.  It's an airport restaurant which means expensive but overall had a fine experience.
3	I liked my food, Waiter made great recommendations. Excellent service.
4	I enjoyed what they call their "Arizona Burrito". The (smallish) burrito is filled with an amazing mix of tender pork and cheese covered lightly with flavorful sauce. I opted for the garden salad side and it was a very good accompaniment. My wife had the skirt steak street tacos and she loved them. She grades her street tacos on a tough curve.Order coffee and it comes to the table in a large french press.We chose Barrio Cafe only because we were very hungry on a recent layover and they  had open seats. Turned out alright. Unlike many of the reviews below we experienced prompt and polite service.*I knocked off a star because a burrito should not cost $13.50 no matter how good it is.
5	You expect horrible, overpriced food and awful service at any airport restaurant. Here, the food and service is great and the airport premium modest. They were able to do 3 tacos no dairy and Chris is a great server. Selfish, rude, entitled Yelpers ... Seriously. With a long wait between flights you could do far far worse.
5	What a treat during my layover in Pheonix! As I walked by, I smelled deliciousness, so I couldn't pass up an opportunity to try Barrio Cafe. I got the steak tacos upon suggestion and I was not disappointed! Flavorful marinated steak with large chunks of avocado on corn tortillas. AMAZING. The side salad that comes with it was great as well. Hope I get 'layovered' in Pheonix again in the future so that I can try their Arizona Burrito, green chili pork, and shrimp tacos!
2	Meh, food was fine, but overpriced (even for airport food). There looks like a disconnect between the male and female servers: the male staff looks very professional in shirts and ties, but the females (even with "dress shirts" and ties) don't look professional at all, more like what a high school girl would consider "professional." (For more clarification, the men are dressed how you expect restaurant managers to dress, while the women were a tad on the sloppy or too-casual side). My server (well, most of the female servers) was inattentive, bringing me a refill for my drink when I was clearly finished with my meal, and all of the women seemed to congregate near the kitchen or next to the bar to chat and joke. There were far too many waiters and waitresses, and they could definitely make do with fewer.
5	Let me first say that I visited the the one in Phoenix. Amazing food, decor, and service. I had the filet mignon, the infamous guacamole, and flan. Wow, and it's rare that I end with desert. Get there before 5pm, place fills up quickly. I love the murals on the parking lot walls. It reminds me of home (Philly). I will be back!!
1	You're a Mexican restaurant and you don't serve chips and salsa. Stop right there, automatic 1 star.
2	Two strikes you're out Barrio Cafe. I love supporting local businesses and have been so pleased to see the arrival of so many to the airport but when I'm at the airport I must put efficiency first. This is where barrio Cafe sadly fails. In the future I will stop in for a drink but I will only sit at the bar and nothing more. This is because the service is sadly some of the worst I've experienced. On two separate occasions I've eaten here and both times the lack of service have almost cost me to miss my flight. After serving the food the wait staff seems to disappear and it's impossible to find them. I would ask and ask and then when I note my need to hurry for fear of missing my flight I have been snidely commented to by the staff. The food and drinks are good but I think the customer service and efficiency needs major improvement if they want to be successful in an airport environment.
5	Cochinito pibil is phenomenal. Melt in your mouth pork. Very, very flavorful. It also comes with a marinated onions, salsa, and savory (smashed) potatoes. I was skeptical at first, but it blew my nomnomnom mind at first bite. Wow... Some of the best Mexican food I've had.
3	Ok, for an airport.  The Arizona burrito was pretty bland, but not bad.  I think there were four beers on tap, so you're lucky to get one good craft beer.  Food and beer is at an average price, which is always a shock in an airport.  My server was awesome though.  Bottom Line:  In a pinch, it's ok and won't break the wallet.
5	Must try the guacamole...and their pulled pork dishes are phenomenal!! I have yet to eat anything bad from here. Very authentic and very good. They make the guacamole fresh right in front of you.
3	I was hungry as I didn't eat breakfast before boarding my plane and Phoenix is where my connecting flight is. I ordered from the take out line. I tried ordering from the menu on the wall, but was told they still serving only breakfast and the cashier lady pointed me to the breakfast menu. So many options to choose from or the lack thereof... I ordered the Arizona Burrito which came with eggs. The burrito had cheese meat and potatoes on it. The meat saved the burrito from being too land. If I'm going to pay $13 for a burrito, it should've been a bit more tastier than this. I can get a much bigger burrito at a taqueria anywhere in San Francisco for about half that price.
2	Bland and boring.  Whats with the fries?! No body in the world wants mexican food with fries.  A bad representation of Phoenix in an impressionable location.  Besides the sub average flavor the tradion of bad attitudes and slowness from the employees carries on from the 16th st location to the airport.  Never again Barrio. Dont believe the hype.
5	Nice surprise, rarely do you ever find good Mexican food in a airport. (Actually I have never) until now  . This is a do over. Wish this was a restraint back In albuquerque !!Would recommend ! The Arizona burrito was great !
1	Not only overpriced for too small of a portion (did expect that being in an airport), I did not anticipate the server being completely incompetent and rude! Needless to say, won't be back!
3	Five stars for food quality, variety, and atmosphere despite being in an airport. I am docking two stars for speed of service, price, and the general feeling that a portion of the wait staff were actually being held against their will. I felt genuinely forgot about in the latter part of our visit. This was, of course made up for, by the large quantity of butter packets that were thrust at me after requesting one. Otherwise, tasty stuff!
3	It was fairly good at first but my plate came with a lot of grease on it and after consuming half of my plate all that was left to taste was a overwhelming grease flavor. Also, the French press coffee (although it looks quite good) is not worth the $4 a cup.  There was a great amount of variety here though which was great to find and it was so close to my gate!
4	Lol @ the previous reviewer's comment, "Walk to Terminal C instead". Bahaha!That's pretty funny although I can't state that I had the same experience. Departed a Corporate event this past Friday and in between flights we all developed the "munchies". We decided to split an order of nachos which was surprisingly enough for 4.Perhaps I've grown a bit too used to the "fake" Mexican food in California however this place didn't come up short. I'll digress again and state that perhaps my expectations weren't all that heightened in lieu of this being "airport food".I was quite taken aback. Haha... Maybe I'll fly back in for another meal. Maybe....Did I mention that my colleagues all became so inebriated on the booze served here that we all missed our flights??? Nothing better than being buzzed in an airport and having to wait standby for the next flight.-___-
4	Had a friend recommend this place to me while I was in town on business.  He mentioned that Sky Harbor is attracting great chef-driven operations to place their restaurants in the airport.  But he thought I wouldn't be able to get to Barrio Cafe because it was only available behind the D Gates (Terminal 3) security check and I was going to Terminal 3, but was behind the US Airways security check (B Gates.)  I figured that sounded wrong, and had 3 hours to kill before my flight so I started exploring.  To my surprise, I found that I could make the long hike, and after about 30-45 minutes of horizontal escalators, a cappuccino from Cartel Coffee Lab, and a near-taco purchase at *another* place, a dude drove by on one of those people carriers and offered me a lift.  2 minutes later and I'm standing ten feet from Barrio.First, had to wait about ten minutes to get a seat.  I could've sat immediately in the bar, but needed to do some work on the laptop.  Finally got a seat, and perused the menu.  It was short and sweet...and a bit expensive.  Average price around $15 for a plate of tacos, etc.  Specials over $20 each.  I order the Cochinita Pibil tacos with fries.  The tacos were amazing.  Two or three homemade corn tortillas around each helping of juicy pork.  They left the pork nude and let the arbol/sour marinade and slow-cook do the flavor work.  Then they top it with their pickled onions and a habanero sauce and pico de gallo,...or was the habanero inside the pico de gallo?  Either way it was hot, perfectly cooked juicy pork, and exploded with flavor.  They also give you this side of "yellow" salsa.  I try some of it on my 3rd bite.  Their chef knows what's up.  The yellow was a cooling agent, that basically cleanses the palate and cools your tongue for the next bite.  Balance and complexity like this is hard to find. Three tacos later and I am fully satisfied and very impressed.  I couldn't finish the fries, but they were crispy, hot, and lightly salted with what I'd imagine was arbol powder or maybe just cayenne and salt? (I forget)  While the dish was expensive, the portions were generous and the quality was well worth it.If this was the airport location, I can't wait to try their original storefront operation when I'm back in town.
4	Awesome upscale Mexican food for airport! Got the az burrito. Yummy green chili pork! In D terminal right by boarding
2	Just left! Server took 10 minutes to greet the table. She couldn't even smile. We ordered 2 coronas and waters all around. No waters got delivered. She dropped off the food not even asking if we needed anything else. We ate, the food was good. Christin didn't check back in. At the end I had my card out to pay waiting. Overall she made the experience shitty.
2	Don't come for large portions. Food was good quality but a bit pricey. Service was rushed and inattentive.
3	Since I'm a huge fan of the Barrio Cafe downtown, I decided to check out their airport location when waiting for a flight to take off.  First, the good...  The waitress was really nice.... Unfortunately that's the end of the good.As far as the not-so-good, the food is definitely not on par with the downtown location.  I ordered an Arizona burrito which I figured was a safe bet, you know... being in Arizona and all that.  Yea no.  The service is also pretty slow, which is tough when you're waiting for a flight.So basically if you're in the airport right now reading this and looking for a place to eat, I'd recommend going next door. :-/
4	I arrived super early for a flight and was looking for a place to enjoy some breakfast and a beer (way early in the morning). I happened upon Barrio cafe, which was right next to my gate. I sat at the bar, ordered a beer, and took a look at their menu. They don't have a very big selection, especially for breakfast. I can't fault them for that - they're a restaurant in an airport. They're also expensive - again, I don't fault them too much for that. The food came out quickly, the bartender was nice and helpful. It helped me accept that my vacation in Arizona was over.
1	Man, Barrio Cafe has a very hard time trying to replicate it's original location. I had some extra time at the airport due to a weather issue and decided to charge my iphone for the tenth time at Barrio Cafe. I have given Barrio Queen a chance even though the reviews were iffy at best and found out that Barrio Cafe at the airport could be even further from the original. Staff sucked: now this may be because it's tough to get people to work at the airport so I will let that slide. Food: Honest to God, I wouldn't serve this to my dog. I ordered the Tacos De Arrachera (Skirt Steak) and I am not kidding when I say this cow must have either been 70 yrs old or the chef has never grilled a skirt steak in his/her life. Unchewable and absolutely flavorless! My girlfriend and I are always debating over the Original Barrio Cafe as to whether or not it really is that good. I think one thing they are good at is ambiance. Cool Urban Mexican Art can't make up for a shit show in this kitchen.
2	Subpar food and service. Surprising for an airport. At least they usually have quick service. Go somewhere else for a meal here.
4	Stopped here for breakfast on my back to South TX. I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised. The chorizo con huevos was outstanding! Excellent Mexican food, particularly in an airport! Definitely recommend this place to weary travelers tired of overpriced, bland airport food. Thumbs up!
2	Extremely slow service. We waited nearly ten minutes before I had to ask for a manager because  no one came to our table.  They were busy, but someone should have at least acknowledge us.  I will likely not come back.
5	This place is amazing...and it's in the airport! I stopped to wait for a delayed flight...thought is have some chips and salsa with a beer. First of all, they have an incredible selection of margaritas on the menu so I ordered one. Fantastic choice. The I caved in and ordered Cochinita Pibil. It's a pork roast that is seasoned, paired with chiles and sour oranges and then wrapped in banana leaves and roasted slow overnight. You cannot imagine. It was plated with squash, some mashed potato and several corn tortillas. Boom. You're done. An amazing dish, full of flavor and so tender. Delicious. With the margarita it was perfection!
2	Average but expensive airport food. Had the pork burrito, it was salty and uninspiring.
3	As I wandered around the airport trying to find a seat to watch the US v Belgium game, I finally stumbled across the Barrio Cafe. I was so happy to be seated at a bar and watching the game that they could have served dogfood and I would have been OK. Rest assured they did not serve dogfood. This wasn't as salty. I am kidding of course but the food was not memorable. Ordered the Torta Cochinita Pibil. It was a big sandwich of pork marinated in achiote and sour orange. That sounds great but it was rather bland. It was topped with pickled onion and pico de gallo. Those were nice but the strong flavor of the torta bread overpowered. The fries were decent and I enjoyed the spicy chipotle ketchup. Ultimately, the pork was underwhelming and a torta cannot recover if the star fails.
5	The breakfast burritos here are much better then the other place. I really liked the salsa they give you and the price was a little better.
4	Had a long layover flying into Phoenix. Server was great with kids and the food had some flavor. Only critique is the menu is a-little complicated to read through. Also, they do not serve chips and salsa
4	Plenty of outlets for travelers that are in need of some power- both at the bar and in the booths. Extremely fast service and food delivery (a plus for quick layovers) - but they're not quick to make you leave if you've got time to kill, either. I ordered the chicken tacos (tacos come in corn tortilla- burritos are larger in a flour tortilla) - seriously delicious. Keep in mind I'm a goat cheese fanatic - so that played into this crazy happy review.  I will definitely make this a regular stop for upcoming PHX layovers!
4	We came in expecting mediocre airport food. We were so surprised. The fish tacos are amazing. So are the french fries. It is also really nice because it is a sit down restaurant, so when you are worn out from traveling it is really nice to have someone else wait on you! :) The service is slow, but friendly. We will definitely be coming back here next time we stop through this airport.
2	Crap wine selection served in dirty glasses. The food was good, but the dirty glass makes me wonder if the plate was even clean. Great fast service so I have to give them some credit.
3	I'm giving this a 3 star only because of the price and quality of the food. To their credit, the place is clean, appears to run pretty efficiently, and the staff is polite and prompt. But $13 for that little margarita? I dunno. I ordered the Nachos as an "appetizer but could I have it as a meal, please? yes, with chicken" but I had to dig around for the little pieces of chicken it came with. Fortunately, I'm not much of a meat eater so it made little difference to me. But, for $17, when I want chicken, I want more that 2 oz. scattered in little pieces throughout. The sidebar guac looked entertaining although we did not partake. There's also televisions so you can watch the latest game before catching your flight. However, the way overpriced food and lack of substance is what brought this review down.
1	Horrible customer service. Our expectations at any airport are not high - many travelers are hurried, lost, rude, etc. understandably it's a tough job. If you are feeling up to being ignored from the moment you walk in to the moment you walk out, this is the place! The Barrio cafe in the Phoenix airport seems to have perfected "the annoying customer" role to a tee. Don't even try to be polite unless you have the overwhelming desire to pay a lot of money for what looked to be "ok" food and treated like a nuisance. Can't comment on the food as we walked out. I give them an A+ for perfecting horrible customer service, however they will not be getting my $$$.
1	You can tell the bartenders have no training. Really awful and you're throwing your money away because the drinks aren't cheap either. Just watching them you can see they don't know how to pour, their counts are way off, they don't know the recipes, and can't shake a cockltail correctly. I watched them pour more Grand Marnier than tequila into the tin and then squirt about 3 times more cheap sweet and sour juice into the tin. Her shake was pethetic. She gave it one up and then one more. She looked scared like she was holding a soda that may have been shaken around. Being a Mexican restaurant and the margarita being the most popular cocktail in the world you'd think they would have it down, especially for $13 each! Food is very average! For the money they charge and the quality of service you're better off going to a different terminal and eating anywhere else I promise you. If the food was average and the service was at all passable I would give this a 3 star but they really go out of their way for piss poor all around. I won't be back.
4	You've got to expect prices at any sit down restaurant in any airport to be higher than if you were in a similar restaurant off-airport.  So I didn't flinch at the $14 price for a chicken burrito, because I knew I'd be paying over $5 for a processed burger at a fast food place (bleh!).  Instead, my burrito was chunk full of chicken, avocado and spices and was served with spicy fries.  Tasted quite good!  I sat in the lounge area on a sofa with a small table and was able to kick off my shoes and work from my iPad as I enjoyed my meal.  My server, Shauna was excellent and so friendly.  Would call me by name every time she passed by to make sure I was taken care of.  A great place to relax and enjoy a meal or drink away from the fast food crowds before taking flight!
3	Been twice, good service.  Food is ok, not great not bad.  Has four peaks peach on tap so I'll be back.  Standard airport pricing.
1	Pros: Drinks are good.Cons: Breakfast was cold (twice), and expensive.We were early for a flight and stopped in for breakfast and a marg.  Breakfast came out cold.  We asked for them to pop the meals in the microwave for a minute, and would have been happy with that.  Instead, they remade the meals, which again came out cold.  By this point, we didn't have much time before our flight, so we ate some of the food, then left.  The manager was nice and apologetic, but nothing was comp'd and our meal with 2 drinks each cost about $75, not including tip.This would never happen at the 16th street location - Frankly, ownership should be paying more attention to their chains, particularly at an airport where opinions can be formed quickly by locals and visitors alike.
4	This is a pleasant surprise for airport food.  This is real food, a bit pricey but it's in an airport.  It's a lively place with colorful artwork on the walls and bright overstuffed banquettes along the walls.  There's a busy bar area too.  We didn't have much time so we ordered quick and asked for rush on the food and they accommodated us without complaint.  I had the cochinta pibil torta which was very tasty, orange scented slow cooked pork, pickled red onion, Mexican cheese, beans, pico de gallo, guacamole on crusty bread.  Yummy.  My son had the steak Ricardo - a perfectly cooked steak served with a bunch of Mexican accoutrements over fries.  Also very tasty.  This is a nice choice if you've got some time at Sky Harbor.
4	For airport food, this was pretty decent. Ordered fish tacos and they brought me shrimp. Waitress felt bad and brought me two extra fish tacos, so I could taste them. AND AND they are hardly selfish with the avocado! I got over a 4th of an avocado on each taco. Do the math! The waitress was helpful and extremely friendly.  And don't get me started on the margarita! Don Julio Cadillac Margarita, and MAN! It was RIGHT! She was not selfish with the tequila and I sure appreciated that! I will DEFINITELY try again.
1	DO NOT, I REPEAT, DO NOT EAT HERE!!This place is GOD AWFUL!!! The service was pathetic. Me and my friend came to get some food and a drink to kill time because Southwest (which is an awful airline as well) got delayed. We were seated and me and my friend waited 15 mins for a waiter/waitress to take our order.  We were purposely overlooked and when we got up to leave, the waitress snatched our menus off the table to seem as if she was making a a statement. We don't know what we did to piss her off, but I guess when you have shitty airports, with a shitty airlines I guess it must be accompanied by a shitty restaurant such as Barrio Cafe Airport. As For the costs of their food and the attitude displayed, it is not worth A DIME to eat here unless you are in to evil waitresses and expensive shitty burritos
3	I will preface this as it is good for airport food... But.... I imagine the airport location is not doing the legacy very good. The food is good... Except dried cranberries in the guac??? :/ (I ate around those). Chips were stale.. I think someone else mentioned that also and my posole was cold. I saw someone else commented on cold food so looks like they have a little problem. Also the waitress was completely overwhelmed and it wasn't that busy, but To her defense I think she was the only waitress in the whole place and she was hustling and very sweet. Overall... Wasn't bad and flavors were good and authentic, but when you say things like world famous on your menu it kinda sets the bar pretty high. If they hadn't I may not have been so disappointed.
1	I had dinner here once before earlier this year and found the food good...not great...good, in reading the menu I thought that I was In for a real treat....mom and pop restaurant does good with great food.This time around not so good....I was hungry and Taco,s sounded great, one of the offerings that looked great were chicken tacos covered in a cilantro lime sauce and cheese....YUMMY!!! Not so much, the waitress was sweet and friendly, but the Tacos were tough and chewy...pre made, seemed frozen and reheated.....reheated to the point that the cheese was glued to the plate, chicken dense and thick, and the tortilla shells would crack your teeth if you had ok dental hygiene. The crema and sauce were yummy....not enough to save the dish...After eating the edible portions that would not crack my teeth, I asked for the check and showed the waitress how tough the tacos were by smacking them with my fork, I asked her to do the same and she did and agreed, I asked her to tell the chefs not to overcook them for other customers.She returned with my check and stated "I told them" with a worried look, and nothing else....I tipped her well as she deserved, and I left...I guess what I have to rationalize is...."well....it is only airport food"
3	A bit overpriced but that is to be expected at the airport. Very good nachos! Amazing grapefruit margarita. They do not serve water at the table unless you ask. They try to sell you bottled water when you leave. Order the chips and guacamole. They make it at the table! Great service. I would eat here again
1	The server seemed to think I was just a poor kid who wouldn't tip. So he was rude, took forever to bring my check and didn't even ask why I pushed my plate to the other side of the table with most of my food still on it. The Arizona burrito was a soggy pile of blandness. Oh how tempted I was to prove him right on that tip.
1	The only reason to go to this place is because you are held captive at the airport.  It is extremely over priced even for airport food.  The nachos are $17 and barely enough for one person to enjoy.  Taco Bell has better nachos than here.  The Arizona burrito has no flavor and served with salty seasoned fries.  The  margaritas are very overpriced, small and no flavor starting at $10.
3	So. You are trapped inside security and need a meal. I give this place three stars for trying. Their prices are high, even for airport food ($26 for enchiladas with sides?). I have dined here only twice, but would recommend sticking to the smaller and less expensive menu items. My enchiladas seemed to have had the cheese slide out if them, and the number of shrimp was shrimpy. I had tried the pork tacos before, and they were very good. The spicy mashed potatoes were also tasty. They do have outlets at their bench seating so you can charge your devices.
4	Eating at barrio is part of my southwest airlines airport ritual. I love their downtown location the most. I also like barrio queen in Scottsdale.
3	The Pollo Poblano burrito was fantastic!  Best chicken burrito I have had in a long time!  Service was great, our waitress was hustling all over the restaurant but she never forgot us or the tables around us.  The Guacamole was so good, who knew pomegranate was so great with avocado!
4	High end dining in the airport? Well personally I thought the menu was a little over the top but I did think the margarita (pink Chevy with sugar), homemade guac made table side, chips and salsa were really good. A bit pricey but service and food were good.
3	I have eaten here several times for Breakfast and Lunch. Normally the service can be challenging and a bit understaffed. Today it was that and the food came out cold. First time sending it back. I will say the server was nice and the replacement food was on point. Glad we had plenty of time.
4	Good food! Had the fish tacos and they were pretty awesome. Salad on the side was fresh. Drinks, awesome except for the fact that for a Mexican place I'd say they should have more than one random Mexican beer on tap. Waitress... Umm... In general the staff was below standard and quite interesting but service was at standard at least. I'll be back next time I'm here!
4	We had just an hour-ish for a layover, so we stopped here for a quick dinner. Definitely very happy with our decision! Our waitress was pretty awesome. She was older and when she approached our table, she mentioned that they have $4 tequila shots. She didn't really offer the shots, as much as she told us about the shots in a way that we felt like it was a demand. Being challenged, and essentially called a wimp, we ordered the shots. My husband and I NEVER order shots when it is just us.. but hey, way to take our vacation to the next level, lady!We also ordered a couple beers (heck yes to Golden Road brews!) and the Barrio Nachos. These nachos were really really good. Beef with sauteed mushrooms, garlic, onions, jalapenos, spinach, cream, chorizo and bleu cheese and "fresh Mexican farm cheese". They also came slightly "deconstructed" so it wasn't just a messy mash of flavors. The rest of the menu looked pretty interesting as well.. not your typical Mexican food and certainly not your typical airport food. The nachos were $15, but large and enough for 2 to have as a meal. Would definitely stop here again!
4	We have been traveling all day, and all we wanted was a decent meal that wasn't fast food. We were going to wait until we got home, but when our flight was delayed, we couldn't wait.  We really didn't want airport food at all. We were pleasantly surprised! Quick service, lots of great flavor and filling. I had the pollo pablano and pasole. My husband had the pork tacos. It was definitely better than our expectations.
5	I don't know what went wrong with previous reviewers lol but when I came to barrios in the d gates last weeks Wednesday @ night I was greeted in a friendly fashion by the two host/hostess and sat in a comfortable booth, my server got to me quickly bare in mind the place was PACKED so that was greatly appreciated :) but the awesome service didn't end there my food " barrio nachos" was deliciously put together and was enough too feed two so totally worth the price I enjoyed it very much I totally recommend this place, no better place to be when your flying southwest :D
2	Terrible, terrible service. We waited 15 minutes for the overwhelmed server to show up and she was a little grumpy.  Requested a bottle of wine and were told that the bottle we wanted was out of stock, so the server offered a recommendation. Turns out the recommendation was also out of stock as was our 3rd choice. Ordered the table side guacamole and (1) it was not table side (2) the chips were stale. The server let us know that all of there chips were stale so we made do. The guacamole itself was great. The main course  took too long to come out but was wonderful when it did arrive. I had the pork my wife had a shrimp appetizer.  Overall it took longer than an hour and 15 minutes; way too long for an airport.
4	The 2 scariest food words for me? "Airport food". (actually "goat cheese" but play along). this palce is legit, though. and very reaonably priced for an airport place. try the chili verde burrito.
5	I've had a lot of airport food, most of it sucks and lower your expectations. This place is excellent. Arizona burrito with fries was delicious, soft pork with just enough sauce to make your mouth water. Be warned the catsup is spicy, a nice kick of hot sweet and salty fries to balance the all meat burrito. Will come back again
1	Literally had to wait 17 minutes to have a draft sam Adams poured.by the time it got to me I had to chug it so I wouldn't miss my flight. Server apologized after the fact saying they had to change the keg. I would have like to have had the option at first to switch my choice so that I could have enjoyed my beverage.
4	Missed a flight at sky harbor and grabbed a Bloody Mary here while I waited. It was one of the tastiest Bloody Mary's I've had in a long time... our server was even cool enough to ask if I had any preferences with how I liked them made. May have to make grabbing a drink here a travel ritual.
5	That was the best Mexican food I've ever had, and that includes travel to Mexico.We were in a hurry; our fight was boarding in 15 minutes. Rox got us our food within five minutes, and steak tacos coupled with a Goose Island IPA are a great way to start my trip.Sure, it was pricier than I expected, but it was double the food at 120% the price. Worth it. I'll be back.
1	Love original Barrio Cafe and Barrio Queen in Scottsdale so thought airport Barrio was a blessing.  Had a bowl of posole and SMALL glass of wine for 26 (before tax and tip). Flight delayed so order the  "large" 8 oz wine. Get the ck-$22.74. For ONE average size/quality glass of wine.  OUTRAGEOUS. The staff shares that owners been spotted once in whole time since place is open. Way to rip off your loyal local customers.
4	Always good food here.....great to get in and out of waiting on a flight.Have never had a bad meal and the service has been really qick
4	A bit of sticker shock when we sat down, but it was pretty good by Mex restaurant standards, with some interesting items you wouldn't see on most menus. Really good by airport standards, we were 4 for 4 on entrees we'd order again. Can't give it 5*, the price/value/food ratio is a little off, but I would (and will) repeat.
1	VERY ANTI LAW ENFORCEMENT!!!!!THEY HATE THE POLICE Witnessed them actively disrespect local Phoenix Police Officers while they were investigating something.Any business that does that to their police officers will not get my businessAnywhere in this country!!Hopefully this review will influence anyone that supports what police do for their communities to stay away from silvia esparza  businesses that are anti police
1	VERY ANTI LAW ENFORCEMENT!!!!!THEY HATE THE POLICE Witnessed them actively disrespect local Phoenix Police Officers while they were investigating something.Any business that does that to their police officers will not get my businessAnywhere in this country!!Hopefully this review will influence anyone that supports what police do for their communities to stay away from any type if silvia esparza businesses and any business that publicly are anti police......
5	Ok we all know airport food is overpriced.   Got it. We aren't judging based on that since your totally at the mercy of whatever they are charging unless you would rather starve waiting for your insanely delayed flight. After waking around for 45 minutes and realizing this was the only open restaurant we thought we were settling. Boy were we wrong! The only thing better than the food was the service. So friendly and welcoming. Great margaritas and incredible Mexican food. This place was a much needed oasis in a desert of airport hell.
