5	I go to Steve (Slava) quite frequently (as in, whenever the hair gets long) and the fact that I drive all the way to his location from my castle in Tempe should tell you that it's for a good reason. His rates are good, the quality of haircuts is very consistent and you can even ask for a neck shave with an actual straight blade. He is careful, yet efficient and quick. Don't forget to tip well!
5	Steve is one of the few shops that can still do a decent flat top.  He is in my neighborhood, so it is great for me - convenient.   Steve is personable and the shop is inviting.  I love the hot towel and back-vibrator massage.  I have been going to Steve for years, great service product!
4	A solid cut for a great price. I will be back.
5	I came in for a walk-in today and to say I was pleasantly surprised would be a drastic understatement. Jeff gave me the best haircut of my life and I'd recommend him to anyone. It's a good friendly atmosphere in the store, and the employees are fun and polite. The cost was surprisingly low for how much attention he paid to my hair, and I really appreciated that he took his time to make it perfect, even though the cut was done quickly and professionally. I would recommend this venue to anyone looking for a great men's haircut at an awesome price.
5	This place is amazing the price is the best in town the hair cuts are on point never had a bad cut here. It's a family biz and they treat you like your family the barber I use is Jeff all I got to say is you will love your hair cut if you come here!
5	This barber shop is always consistent with there hair cuts the family vibe and atmosphere makes it comfortable and not to mention the prices very affordable. There not expensive at all you want a good cut come to this is the place!!! Steve's Barber shop it is. Special Shootout to Jeff he's nice with the clippers!
5	Only place open on 4th of July! Jeff did a fantastic job and has a steady hand with a blade. Definitely coming back!
5	I used to not really have a certain barber shop I could rely on or trust . But my friend recommended me Steve's barber shop a year ago and ever since then I been a loyal customer. Jeff is my barber there always consistent with cuts cleans you up nice always being innovative as well even when you're about to get up to pay if he see's that something needs a touch up he will make it right ! Detail is appreciated here you will leave happy !
5	Steve is spot on. His craftsmanship is top notch. He takes the time to cut every hair perfectly. In a nut shell his service exceeds expectations. Haircut, style, hot towel, neck and sideburns shave and a shoulder massage for a very reasonable price.Try it, you'll like it.
