2	being american, maybe i don't know too much about fish and chips, but as the good folks at yelp would say, "meh. i've experienced better." i also got up the nerve to try a bite of my friend's haggis (for those of you who don't know, that's a traditional scottish dish made with sheep's heart, liver & lungs minced with oatmeal, onions and spices and boiled in the sheep's stomach for a few hours). guess what-- it wasn't half bad. getting your mind around what you're eating is far more difficult than getting the haggis down into your belly.
4	For late night fish and chips, it's the most convenient to the Grassmarket pubs (and home for me). Each fish is made fresh for you, and if you don't mind paying an extra 50p or so, go for the 'special batter'. It's more breadcrumb than batter and the extra crispiness puts it above the crowd. Soooo good.This is just a chippy, sure, but it's _my_ chippy. I love coming in after five or six drams and being greeted like an old friend. Occasionally I'll be offered something new to try, like tasty friend mushrooms and I never turn these morsels of greasy goodness down. Chip quality is average but the gravy and curry sauce are both top notch, and they'll helpfully put plastic between your fish and chips to keep the sauce from getting on the fish.Lovely staff!
4	I so want to give this place 5 stars, but I'm afraid if I did, no one would trust my reviews from here on out. We ended every night here after drinking the Grassmarket dry. The Fish & Chips here were the best I had out of every city I visited on my trip. The fish was so good! The batter even better, and the chips, well they were just as amazing. This isn't the alcohol talking, I know you are probably thinking anything tastes good when you're a little tipsy, but I'm not lying when I say this place rocks! Get it, Castle (Rock) Chip Shop.
4	The name alone is a winner. My favourite author, Stephen King sets most of his stories in the fictional town of Castle Rock..but also..this chippy is right by the Castle so its an awesome name. The chips ain,t bad either....esp with tons of salt n sauce. Mmmm.
