5	Amazing therapist, I had given up on regaining mobility and was living in constant pain, these guys never gave up until they found a way to get me back going again.  K2 and Chad are awesome and the whole staff is friendly and professional.  If I could give them more stars I would and I constantly recommend them to people.
5	While I have to admit that I have never been to a physical therapist before, I can not imagine a better experience.  Everything about this place was clean and professional.  Constant encouragement and playful joking around made what could be a slightly grueling experience quite fun.
5	This is the PT spot in Phoenix for anyone who has significant goals of regaining a normal/athletic lifestyle after an ortho injury. I have been coming here for 2 years for 2 seperate Hip surgerys. While the rest of PTs I had seen had hit there limit in helping me recover, Fischer Sports never gave up. I am well on my way to being a 100%.  Kiesuke "K2" Kanno is the man & the best physical therapist I have ever encountered. His team is amazing and caring as well. They push you to your goals but are always evaluating your complete holistic care. They encompass many different techniques to help to recover (Aystem, dry neeling, DMS, manual manipulation,  etc).The facility is top of the line and looks more like a professional sports workout facility than a PT clinic. There are many pro athletes there but I was never neglected or recieved any different treatment than they did. I can't say enough good things about this place. At 31 years old with a total hip replacement they have helped me get my life back and I can see me at 100% real real soon!
5	This place definitely exceeded my expectations in terms of quality and service. This place is a well known athletic and athletic rehab facility to many professional athletes. As a current unsigned college baseball player, who's highest level of college baseball played was at the club level at ASU, the staff there really treated me like a professional major leaguer. I was there with a shoulder issue that I've had for about a year, and the staff there really went above and beyond to ensure that I get healthy again and personally took the time to ensure my rehab went properly. I definitely recommend to any athlete at any level that has to rehab an injury, or if he or she is looking for a sport-specific strength/conditioning training program.
