5	Have you ever had FRIED Deviled Eggs?  Me either.  My advice to you...TRY THEM!  Since the 'Bistro on Wheels' is new to Charlotte, we decided to order one of everything:  Fried Deviled Eggs, Award Winning Smoked Pulled Pork Sandwich w/ Bread & Butter Pickle, Blackened Fish Tacos w/ Roasted Corn Salsa, Herbed Smoked Chicken Salad on Grilled Bolilo Roll, Cheesy Grilled Cheese on crunchy Sourdough bread, &  Parmesan Herbed French Fries.  I'm telling you this place is so FANTASTIC that I'm going back tomorrow!  Come join me...
5	The best grilled cheese in Charlotte comes off a food truck - the Roaming Fork's food truck, to be exact.I've visited the Roaming Fork at the Brixham building in Ballantyne twice now, and each time I find myself craving their food the next day. Their pork sandwich was delicious, but their grilled cheese with heirloom tomatoes was off the charts delicious. At once crispy on the outside, and melty on the inside, it's the stuff a grilled cheese connoisseur's dreams are made of. Their sides are great and I love their Texas 2-step slaw which is creamy and tangy and sweet, all at the same time.I haven't yet tried the fried deviled eggs, as it seems like the kind of dish I'd want to split with someone else, and I run out for my Roaming Fork fix solo on Thursdays when I'm working from home.If you see The Fork roaming around your area, pull over and place an order! You'll thank me.
3	Roaming Fork is taking the typical food truck fare and upping the game. With options like smoked pulled pork and wings, parmesean herb fries and fried deviled eggs it is easy to get your hopes way up and on the whole Roaming Fork delivers.I was a big fan off the meats. Both the pork and chicken were well seasoned and delicious. I'm not usually a boned wings fan and even I might be coerced into an order or two.The sides were less spot on for me but still good. The fries were thin and their relationship to the parmesan was less "coated in" and more "sitting in a pile of". Still, the flavor was good and with a little assembly they went to the face. The fried deviled egg was actually s coated fried egg salad, which is in and of itself cool. But don't promise me a fried deviled egg unless that thing has a center that looks like a party at my tacky aunts. I don't mess around with deviled eggs.Next time I see the Roaming Fork truck around town I'll be pulling over to grab a bite; this bistro on wheels has some tasty treats.
4	I tried a sample of some of their menu items last week and was impressed enough to want to go back for more. The Truffle Essence/Parmesan Herbed French Fries were good - nice flavor and texture - I would definitely order this on my next visit. The smoked chicken wing is not something I would have ordered since I am not typically a fan of smoked foods &  find chicken wings too messy to eat out.   However, the flavor was nicely balanced and not "too smoky".  They squirted some sort of creamy stuff on it -maybe  some sort of chipotle sour cream sauce - it was tasty.  I would eat this again. I don't normally eat deviled eggs,  and I would have never ordered a fried deviled egg... but I tried it just to see what it was all about.  I found it to be a bit odd ...not terrible, but not something I would go back for. I think the most off-putting thing for me was that it seemed a bit heavy on the mustard - both in the deviled egg mixture and with the mustardy-sauce they squirted on the outside.
4	Since the Roaming Fork sets up shop at Ballantyne on Thursdays,  I grabbed a couple of co-workers and we walked across the street.  Their prices have gone up just a bit since the pictures were posted of the menu, by about $1.  The Grilled Cheese is $6, the combo lunch plate is $8 (which comes w/slaw & chips), but the fries are still $4. I do think $10 for a grilled cheese & fries is sort of on the pricey side for take-away food, but, I am willing to pay for good quality.So,  in any case, $6 gets you 2 slices of good sourdough bread brushed w/butter, filled with 3 cheeses & a slice of fresh tomato- which is then grilled to perfection. It is definitely one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've had. I had a side salad in the 'fridge at work, so I skipped the sides today even though I think their fries are really good. I do hope they'll bring the fried mac & cheese balls on future visits to Ballantyne because I'd definitely like to try those as well!
4	Wow.... I just had another grilled cheese & tomato sandwich -mmm, mmm good!   This time, the tomato was much more substantial and added good flavor and texture.  The other Yelpers are right about this food - it leaves you craving for it again a day or two later.  It's a good thing that they only come to Ballantyne Corporate Park once a week so that I don't over-indulge!   (I'd hate to see the calorie count for the grilled cheese sandwich and a side of those wonderful parmesan-truffle fries!) But, the major down-side to going for lunch is that it usually takes about 30 mins to get my order prepared. (There always seems to be a line when I go by!)  In 90 degree heat (while dressed for the office) with little to no shade around, waiting for your lunch outdoors becomes rather uncomfortable. However, I think they are trying to reduce the wait-times, because today they had a third person with them - to take orders and payments so now Kelli along with Darryl can totally focus on preparing the food.
5	The food here leaves you feeling all warm and comforted inside. Great friendly service.  Super delicious grilled cheese! Definitely add the pulled pork to make it even more over the top good.  And who would have thought that fried deviled eggs could be so filling and good? A must try.
5	I am officially becoming a Roaming Fork Groupie, which can't be good for my waistline. Every Thursday I make it a point to visit for lunch. A couple of things have changed, so it's a good time for an update.Since my initial visits, I've tried more dishes. The fried deviled eggs are good, but they really need the mustard sauce with each bite to add some tang. I've also had a chance to try the pamesan herbed fries, which were crispy and hot. The parmesan added just the right amount of flavor and salt. Finally, I've had a chance to try the famous blackened fish tacos. Here's the thing: I'm not a huge fish taco fan. Everyone raved about them, so I tried them, and I recognize that they are an excellent version of a fish taco... But that's not my favorite kind of food. If you like fish tacos, you'll almost certainly love these.What IS my kind of food? Well, the grilled cheese, as my previous review made clear. The past few visits, they've started offering the option of pulled pork on the grilled cheese. Oh. My. God. They took my two favorite sandwiches, and combined them into one. I think about that pulled pork grilled cheese - a lot. Usually when I'm eating a salad. Their grilled cheese sandwiches will keep me coming back for more, for a long time. Particularly if they keep offering pork with them!The last two trips out to Ballantyne, I've also noticed that they have an "expediter" managing orders at the window. Last week, she wasn't wearing a Roaming Fork t-shirt, and people thought she was waiting in line. This week there was a really engaged woman in a RF t-shirt greeting everyone who showed up right away. She did a great job, and I think the addition of someone to manage the orders on the front end, while they work on getting them put together inside the truck is a great one.There will be many more visits from me! All of the food is great, the people are so nice, seek them out and you won't be disappointed!
4	OK...today I had my first ever fish taco!  And goodness, now I know what I have been missing.  At least what I have been missing from the Roaming Fork truck situated perfectly downtown today so I could hop out of my car...and be in line in less than a minute!  The flavors of the blackened fish taco were simply amazing.  The heat of the spices, lightly chilled by a little sour cream, with lettuce and a SW type relish made it so so very tasty.  And to support those two great soft tacos...I had to have some cheese fries...no, not the velveeta variety ...but nicely fried shoestring potatoes with garlic parmesan sprinkled all over them.They were so good that as I walked past one of Charlotte's finest...I had to offer her some!!  It was nice to share some goodness with someone who had only moments before [serving and protecting], kept me from stepping in front of a moving vehicle as I raced to get my Roaming lunch!!!  So...it is 9:00 PM on a Sat night....where is the truck tomorrow?  Gotta have more fish tacos!!!
5	I first had the opportunity to try Roaming Fork at the first Chow Down Uptown Food Truck Festival about a month ago and I fell INSTANTLY in love with Roaming Fork! My first taste of love from Roaming Fork was their "Award Winning Pulled Pork Sandwich." This was THE BEST BBQ I have ever tasted in my life! The pork is actually pulled (not the cafeteria type!) super melt-in-your-mouth tender, and seasoned to PERFECTION, no words can adequately describe the state of pleasure my tastebuds were in! You cannot go wrong with this! This alone kept me wanting to come back to Roaming Fork for more!Today, my friends and I attended the 2nd Chow Down Uptown Food Truck Festival and we knew we had to order from them again! We ordered:- Award Winning Pulled Pork Sandwich. (again! because I love it so much)- Cheesy Grilled Cheese With Pulled Pork. Just as delicious as their award winning pulled pork but with 3 types of cheese, but it was a little bit too cheesy for my own personal liking but STILL amazing, my friend loved it!- Blackened Fish Tacos w/ Roasted Corn Salsa & Lime Cilantro Sauce. WOW, just wow! The best fish tacos I've ever had! The fish was tender and cooked to perfection, I was unable to taste any of the fishiness from the taco. The taco was packed with so much flavor (but not to the point that it was overwhelming!) I really do not know how to describe how wonderful their tacos were, but I will tell you that they were the first item to sell out on their menu!- Fried Deviled Eggs. Very good, but sadly I can't remember how it tasted to describe how this was. I only ended up trying one bite from a friend because I was so, so full from eating everything else!!In conclusion, WHO KNEW a food truck could serve such quality and delicious food?! I can confidently say that Roaming Fork serves better food than most restaurants I've been to! So what are you waiting for? Go out and support Roaming Fork and the very few food trucks we have in Charlotte!!
4	As Julia M says the grilled cheese and tomato sandwich is heavenly! I am clearly not putting enough cheese in my at home version! I also like that they are not skimpy on their tomato slice- it's nice and thick. The Parmesan fries are good but need a nice dipping sauce- perhaps some herb aioli or even some ranch.I loved the deep fried deviled egg (it was sold out this last time) but I still remember it from the yelpy even way back.
5	Best. Pulled. Pork. Ever.  Boom!  I saw "award winning" and I thought they were just bragging...but this award winning pulled pork is no joke.  I was fortunate to let my nostrils lead me to this truck at a chowdown uptown food truck festival last week...amazing.  I LOVE me some bbq, but this pulled pork put every other pulled pork I have ever had to shame.  It does not need any condiments, the smell alone is intoxicating. The meat feels like it is melting in your mouth; tender and juicy and absolutely  mouth watering. YUM!
5	Roaming Fork catered my 40th birthday and it was a huge hit. The truck on it's own created a bit of a novelty effect; however, the food was the star of the show. We had the fish tacos and the pulled pork sandwhiches. I've had several inquiries from party goers so they could have them host their party.  Easy to do business with. Reasonable prices and accommodating service. Would do it all over again!
5	I mentioned Roaming Fork in a review for Cupcake Delirium, so I need to give them their full credit here.  They are worthy to stand alone.  This food truck has been stopping in Plaza Midwood lately and I've been able to sample some of their wares.  They also set up at other places around Charlotte, but if it's outside a 2-mile radius from Plaza-Midwood, then I wouldn't have a clue where that is.Yes, as others are howling about, the BBQ is gooooood.  They even tried their hand at Korean BBQ and you know what, pretty darn good for white folk.  Their slaw, which comes often with their meals, is out of this world.  Not sure what's in there - secret recipe - I see some corn?  They also have tasty fries and fried deviled eggs.  Nice people too - "good eggs" as midwesterners like to say.When they're in Plaza-Midwood, they have been setting up in front of the Meineke shop near the overpass for Independence.  I like the location - beautiful views of uptown and the Duke Energy building with all its colorful lights which must use a lot of energy.  Residential rate hike - kaching!!My only complaint is that they call themselves the Roaming Fork.  I think this is disrespectful to other eating utensils, like the knife and the spoon or even the spork or chopsticks or hands.   Yep, I'm a Roaming Eating Utensil groupie too.  Rock on food trucks!!
5	My first visit to Roaming Fork and it was sooo worth it! Took my daughter by there tonight for dinner. WOW!! The blackened fish tacos were "out of this world" good. The spice was just right. Nice amount of crunch from the lettuce. All the flavors just worked! My daughter got the 3 cheese grilled cheese w/ tomato. Again, fantastic! The sourdough bread was grilled perfectly. I definitely want to try the grilled cheese with the pulled pork next time. While we waited for our food, they gave us a sample of the Parmesan herbed fries. Yep, you guessed it, outstanding! I left feeling a little more hip and completely satisfied. Can't wait to go back.
5	Stopped by for a bite with the wife tonight. Oh man, we tried the smoked meatloaf sandwich. Yum! They also had a new sandwich, bbq chicken on cruchy sourdough. Again, yum! If I could give these guys 6 stars it wouldn't be enough. Looking forward to the next visit.
5	I'm a huge fan of fish taco's and go to Cabo Fish Taco all the time. However the Roaming Fork's fish Tacos beat Cabo's tacos by a long shot. The Roaming Forks fish tacos have so much flavor and don't taste commercial at all. Their tacos are amazing and I'm a huge fan now. Cabo's tacos use to have so much flavor and didn't taste commercial, like their coming off assembly line. I've been looking for a good replacement and the Roaming Fork has filled my fish taco void. Treat yourself and grab their fish tacos!
5	Hey hey...I haven't reviewed Roaming Fork yet? What the fork?! I love this food truck. Not only do they spin out a great grilled cheese, tasty tacos, hearty meatloaf sandwich, intriguing fried deviled egg, but they also make deeelightful parmesan herb fries. I'm more than happy to devour these while in my chunky train headed to obese city. The eats are affordable, the owner and the folks who create these delicious bites are incredibly friendly and in it to make people smile. Get yourself some Roaming Fork!
5	I get excited when I see this truck in my neighborhood and tried to make my boyfriend change our dinner plans a few days ago and just eat here instead. I sampled their grilled cheese with pork after the Urban Assault bike race and I know I was hungry from the race but with the spicy sauce (they also have a sweet one) it was heavenly.
5	Tried the food for the first time today in Ballantyne - blackened chicken tacos and fries.  OMG - awesome is the best word for what I ate.  Am I going back?  You betcha!  I'm making it a mission to try everything on the menu.  Pretty sure I won't be disappointed.  If you haven't been yet - GO and go now.
4	Oh, Roaming Fork. I am simultaneously happy and not so happy that I discovered you during Yelp's Passport to NoDa event. Everything I tried, from the fish tacos, to the grilled cheese, to the parmesan herb fries were fantastic. And this is coming from someone who refuses to eat "street food." I still salivate when thinking about the fish tacos. And oh those fries. I cannot wait to devour them again.Thank you for having such great food at affordable prices and for serving it with a smile. You were beyond packed at the event but kept the pace going and we didn't have to wait long for our dinner. Looking forward to seeing you again soon.
4	Parm fries are amazing, and a good size of them too! And those Fish Tacos are to die for! I really love those suckers!
4	I think I have managed to have everything on the Roaming Fork's menu now and I have to say there's a lot going on here! Every Thursday or something like that it parks around the Morrison offices that I am usually doing some sort of work around so that makes it a convenient lunch stop for sure. They manage to score a lot of hits and a few misses with their menu, though I wish they'd change it up a bit sometimes. Onto the food let's start with that fried deviled egg, good but I think I prefer regular deviled eggs. The creaminess gets a bit lost for me in the fried outer shell and the texture wasn't appealing to me though some of my friends love it.Parmesan truffle herb fries? Crispy, hot, crunchy. First thing Shauna and I said as we ate them, needs a sauce desperately (other than ketchup). I can't taste too much truffle oil which is a good thing because I don't care for it too much.Cole slaw omg creamy dreamy deliciousness. I must figure out what's in it!Fish Tacos, I gotta say best fish tacos I've had in Charlotte so far. Yeah I went there. Big generous hunks of blackened whitefish bursting with flavor, and the corn salsa with mango gives it a nice sweet and salty flavor.Grilled cheese/stuffed with pulled pork. Yummy, could feel my arteries clogging up with every buttery cheesy porky bite. I think If you put some jam or compote to add some acid to cut some of the fattiness in this it would be a winner.Chicken wings are super tender and almost fall apart in your mouth. Great smokiness and BBQ is awesomesauce. I must have more of these.So now you've reached the end of my highly scientific dissertation on the various dishes of the Roaming Fork. Mosey on over there and treat yourself to a nice helping of deliciousness! They accept plastic too for your convenience!
4	I have been chasing the food trucks all around Charlotte and thankfully Roaming and Cupcake Delirium do their own mini rally in plaza midwood on Fridays and I can usually catch them after work for fish tacos and 3 cheese grilled cheese with chicken....great, great stuff on those trucks!  Looking forward to trying more goodies!
4	Best fish taco in Charlotte!!!
4	Wow. Can I say amazing fish tacos? I got the blackened fish tacos at the Roaming Fork the other day and they were delicious. I didn't even miss the typical 'fried fish' in fish tacos. And the fish tacos at Phat Burrito paled in comparison. The Roaming Fork taco was stuffed with fish, lettuce and grilled corn salsa. It tasted fresh and remarkably creamy (combination of corn and some sour cream). The 2 tacos come with their signature parmesan fries. I have no idea how they managed to perfectly coat each fry (even though I was the first order of the night!) but they did. The fries are relatively thick cut If you saw a crazy person trying to balance a to-go container while eating fries down Tryon, that was probably me. If I happen to track down this truck again, I'd be tempted just to buy a whole serving of fries. Service here is friendly and at regular speed. The serving size is larger than that of TIn Kitchen's. So I'm going to have to give Roaming Fork the one up this time--I still recommend trying both for the variety of flavors.
4	Awesome alternative to lunch at the office- BEST parm herb fries- always yummy and hot and crunchy. Fan of the fish tacos for sure- also have tried the black & blue burger  and the greek chicken sandwish- both were great. Shrimp tacos were ok- I liked the blackened fish ones better. I loved that slaw that used to have- everytime I go now I never see it. It had ranch dressing with corn etc- was so good with the tacos but it seems they have gotten rid of it. They also take debit cards which is nice- and combos w a drink run about $8 so it's not too pricey.
5	Yummy!  The fries are ridiculously delicious and the pulled pork grilled cheese is out of this world.  I want to try everything on the menu.  If you see this truck, run -- don't walk. You will not be disappointed!
5	For the love of God ... why did it take sooo long for me to try this! I finally got around to catching up with the truck during my lunch break. I was a little leery of ordering the fish tacos and I didn't want to be disappointed from it being so hyped...but I ordered anyway and they definitely exceeded my expectations. I plan to go again and again and again and each time get something different as everything on the menu looks bomb. Get there early, there will be a line! If not, don't fret, it's sooo worth the wait!
5	I was reminded last night how good their fries are.
4	I just happened to be riding by the Midwood neighborhood  and saw this food truck I thought it was a Mexican food truck. I quickly realized that wasn't the case I met the owner Kelli  from Florida and she was very friendly she informed that her truck travels to Midwood, South park, and University I had a burger and really enjoyed it as well as the concept I' would recommend it.
5	Subscribe to their Twitter feed (@roamingforkNC). Find where they're going to be. Go. Enjoy. You have no excuses now. I told you to find and try Roaming Fork. My conscience is clear.
5	I work in Ballantyne an the roaming fork comes every Thursday.  I've had the hickory smoked pulled pork mmmm I'm a BBq snob but this sandwich had great smokey flavor. You can choose a side I ordered the Parmesan crusted French fries can you go wrong when cheese is involved lol I went back this Thursday an ordered the ooey gooey grilled cheese w 3 different cheeses wow I ordered her wonderful fries again . Good thing she only comes on Thursday I'd eat there everyday.  Her prices are great both sandwiches including a side n drink were 7 can't beat that.  She is at different places an I noticed she does catering . Look up the roaming fork n try it I know you'll luv it .
5	The truck was at the Friday Truck gathering in South End and my first time there.  Had the Korean BBQ (like a large sandwich) and it was great!  I would have liked it spicier, but I it's perfect for anyone.  Great quality meat and fresh ingredients.  Fries were awesome as well.  Friendly staff - definitely will visit again if we can find them :)
4	This place used to come to my office park once a week and then they were gone... I sat with a sad face staring out the window for days waiting for them to come back until I realized, I could just go find them again... lol  I went to the latest food truck party and got reacquainted with my favorite parmesan fries... Mmmmm...  I don't know if they're still doing the fried macaroni and cheese balls, but those were also a treasure to behold... :)
5	Officially joining Cat R. as a Roaming Fork Groupie.  There's something really special about Roaming Fork, and it's the details and Kelly the owner who is fabulous and passion oozes from her body when talking and making and dishing out her food. Yeah, yeah, parmesan truffle fries.  But these...are so wickedly crispy (oh I just showed my Boston roots) they put most other shames in the QC to shame.  Seriously.  Her deep fried deviled eggs and pimento cheese balls are crispy and different, and having a nice side of roasted honey broccoli and carrots is a nice departure from cole slaw.  You can also get sides like watermelon in the summer, or house-made kimchee cucumbers (albeit not traditional and buried and fermented in the ground...but hey, it's a tasty accompaniment.) I also like how her prices really are reasonable.  For $8 you can get something like two fish tacos, a side and a drink.  TIP: Check out the website http://www.roamingfork.net/ for a complete calendar.  This is ultra convenient with maps and every single place the truck will be parked.
5	I've never posted to Yelp before, but these guys were so good I just felt compelled to share my thoughts. Their prices and courteous service, both huge positives, pale in comparison to the fish tacos and Parmesan/truffle fries. My heavens, those fries!  Thumbs up from me and my 7 and 4 year olds.  I'm following Roaming Fork on Twitter now, but I believe I'll be following them just about everywhere and anywhere else, too.
5	Thursdays are my favorite days of the work-week now thanks to Roaming Fork.  This food truck makes a weekly trek to the corporate park where I work in yuppie-town (Ballantyne) every Thursday to serve up the deliciousness.  They open up the window at 11 and it's slammed throughout lunch time.  The secret is out!There are all kinds of good things on the menu, and it changes frequently.  I have tried several of the items and have always been happy.  You'll find burgers, chicken, fish, barbecue, and probably other things that I haven't even noticed yet.  The fish tacos are the most popular item and for good reason.  They do 'em up right with the cabbage and the corn salsa.  There are tasty sides as well.  The truffle fries are darn good but I tend towards the lighter side for lunch and prefer the couscous or the tomato cucumber salad.   This is about the best lunch you can get for under 10 bucks, and you feel good about eating it because the folks are nice and the food is awesome.  And you gotta love supporting the local food truck scene!  Keep it up, Roaming Fork
5	Favorite food truck. Hands down. I need to stalk them more... OK, lets hop into it. First time I've had the pleasure of their cuisine was at Food Truck Fridays. They were out of a lot of the menu items as we arrived quite late. I ordered the Ooey Gooey Grilled Cheese and my friend got the Porky Sandwich, made with pickles and onions. Let it be known, here and now, the best grilled cheese has always come on thick, crunchy slices of sourdough bread so I was in love when I opened my box and found exactly that. The sandwich was large and ooey gooey is right... it was shoved full of melted cheese and I was in heaven. Best part? I'm use to food trucks being a bit more pricey for one item but this sandwich also came with a side of parmesan herb fries which in one word is amazeballs. I bite heavily into my friend's pork sandwich (hey, we traded for a sample... I wasn't hijacking his food) and it was juicy and dripping with sauce. Another thumbs up for RF. I was quite satisfied after my meal and checked out their menu for future yummy evenings. Still need to sample oversized pork mac pimento cheese balls and have also heard the fish tacos are the best thing on the menu - can't believe I haven't had them yet as I love tacos and am a huge seafood fan - but I'm addicted to that grilled cheese and parmesan fries combo. Roaming Fork hasn't been at Food Truck Fridays lately (ummm come back) but I plan to make it a point to find them quite soon and indulge!
5	My wife and I were able to enjoy a great Friday night out with our 2 month old. We decided to head out to South End for Food Truck Friday. She is some what of a picky eater so I let her choose what truck we were going to try. She stopped right at the Roaming Fork. She ordered the porky three cheese and had the fish taco both with fries. With in 10 mins we had our food. Which was surprising because there was a long line. We began to eat our food and from the first bite we looked at each other and had this non verbal conversation with our eyes. The food taste so great! Good fish tacos are very hard to find but the flavor  of the fish and sauce were perfect. The Parmesan fries were the perfect compliment to the tacos. My wife finished her plate before and said that she has never had pork taste that good. What a great start to a evening we will enjoy again!
5	I randomly had this at a Food Truck Friday in SouthEnd Charlotte and boy am I glad I stumbled upon this gem.  I had the Ooeey Gooey Grilled Cheese with the parmesan fries.  So good!  My friend had the grilled cheese but with the pulled pork in it.  It sounds gross, but I tried a bite and it is amazing.  It took me two months to track them back down, but I just had it again (with pulled pork) today.  So glad I found Roaming Fork again.  Google them and follow their Facebook to find where they are in the city.
5	The Roaming Fork is the one food truck I go to in Charlotte. As I work in Ballantyne, I try to get out there on Thursdays for lunch as often as I am able to go. The food is fantastic! I usually get the Porky Cheesy (pulled pork grilled cheese sandwich) with the parmesan herb fries, and have never been disappointed. For a while Roaming Fork was offering a chicken variety of this sandwich called the Chicken Smackdown, but it seems to have been removed from the menu. Most items are in the $7-$10 range and you get a cold drink or bottled water with the cost of the order, no extra charge. The wait can get a little long during peak times so make sure to budget time for your lunch. Roaming Fork pops up at different locations in Charlotte during the week; Google them to find out where they are on which days. (Thursdays noon in Ballantyne!)
5	Awesome Meatloaf Tacos Special from Roaming Fork. My first time at this food truck in Ballantyne was a good one. I will definitely be back.
5	One of the best food trucks in Charlotte! They have a main menu and specials, depending on whats in season. Friendly service, fresh ingredients & GREAT tasting (best burger and fries)!! You pay for the quality, but its worth it!
5	Holy Batman this was delicious!!! The roaming fork comes to our business park each Tuesday. I chose the two fish taco for lunch. All I can say is WOW WOW WOW!Description:2 fish tacos, corn salsa,  aioli, black beans, lime sour cream and lettuce. Each delicious taco was filled with fish. Followed up with fresh crunchy Parmesan truffle fries ( I don't need to say it but will WOW).  Definitely a good portion for $9.00 total.Will definitely visit each Tuesday! I can't believe I am saying this but just as good (if not better) as Cabo fish taco in noda.Other items I noticed on the menu:Pulled pork sandwichGreek sandwichPorky cheesy grilled cheeseKaleRegular grilled cheese
3	Stopped by this food truck when it was down in Ballantyne and was not as impressed as I had hoped.  The guy in front of us was raving about the fish tacos and, to be honest, the fish tacos were mediocre at best.  Overall, decent food, but not worth the prices.  Did not live up to the hype.
