4	When I am hungry for Chinese take-out, I go to Abacus Inn. Located just west of I-10 on Elliot in the Safeway/Walgreens shopping center, Abacus Inn is convenient to most Ahwatukee residents. I've enjoyed the beef with broccoli, sizzling rice soup, however my favorite is the moo shu pork with plum sauce.  Service is super quick. They are always polite. I often have a half-off coupon for second entree since those coupons are in the mail frequently. Its economical even without.
3	Abacus Inn is a classic chinese restaurant with wonderful, attentive service and well-worn/loved interior.  We ordered one of their economical family dinners (a package of soup, appetizers, and several main dishes).  Most of the appetizers were delicious, the hot and sour soup was flavorful (and spicy!), but the main dishes left something to be desired.  The fried rice and a chicken dish were rather bland.  I think it is a great place as long as you know what to order.  I'll probably try them again to sample more of their menu.  It's nice to have a restaurant nearby that isn't another bland national chain and has plenty of character and charm.
4	The portions are so big.  I can't even begin to tell you how much grub you'll end up getting if you go for one of those "dinner for two" options on the menu.  I think my date and I could only manage to finish half of the food.  Speaking of, the food itself is pretty good.  This isn't the best chinese meal you'll have, but it beats out nearly any take-out place you were thinking of ordering from.The service is usually good, but can get pretty weird.  One time, I asked for a refill of my soda to which my waitress tersely replied, "no."  Not "we don't have free refills."  No choice to pay for another.  Just a simple decline.  I stuck with water at that point because, frankly, I was too intimidated by this old woman to press the issue.  Such is life!
4	On nights when we have no idea what to eat, Abacus Inn is a go-to. The service is wonderful, and the food is fantastic. The BBQ pork is great as is the orange chicken, mongolian beef, and the special chicken. The sauce they serve with the special chicken is amazing... i wish they sold it by the bottle. :) Price is mediocre... we usually spend about $30 and get 2 mains, rice, and BBQ beef.
1	Place smells very very musky-mildewy. I should have left when I smelled the place. I ordered their "house chicken" - it was basically overcooked fried chicken in a very watered down teriyaki sauce - I ate two bites and asked for the check. Husband ordered beef with broccoli - it was cold. Don't waste your time. Go to Great Wok instead for great take out.
3	when i was 11 my mother taught me how to use an Abacus. i felt like i was given "ancient chinese secret". which is odd, because how the hell did my mother get an ancient chinese secret. she was a white woman from Rhode Island..but anyways..i was all into this thing..doing my homework, keeping track of how much money my friends owed me, took it with me when i was buying groceries at the store.sadly, i got out of practice...now i look at the damn thing like every other american and wonder. wtf it is that thing.Lunch Specials are affordable, food is pretty good. nothing all that special. it's just  a catch all american-chinese food place. if you in the area and are looking for lunch options give it a try. if you are looking for great asian food, give it a pass. i think i paid 7.50 for lunch. 10 with tip.
2	Bland, boring, uninteresting typical American Chinese food. Nothing to write home about.
4	Killer lunch specials that are hard to beat... always coupons in local papers and clipits for dinners as well.I've been to Abacus about 8 times now and have failed to leave a review for them so here's the breakdown.Food is good... probably not the best I've ever had but definitely nothing wrong with any of the meals I've had there, and I've never eaten the same thing twice as I've been trying to eat different things each time.  Their menu is pretty big and can get a little confusing for somebody with ADD like me but hey you get a lot of good stuff to choose from.Service is always very prompt and they're very nice as well.Cost is average, but like I said, get the coupons from local papers... All in all, I like Abacus and I'll continue to frequent there when I'm in my chinese food moods :)
4	I'm not a Chinese food buff by any means... heck, this was my first experience at a sit-down Chinese food place. :) We went in and were promptly greeted and shown to our booth, the service was more than attentive, cleaning plates from the table as the last bite was still in my mouth... okay, maybe that's TOO attentive. haWe tried the crab puffs for an appetizer, and again it was my first experience with crab puffs, but it seemed like there was barely any crab inside the puff. But, what do I know... maybe that's normal? They were tasty though... especially with the sweet sauce that accompanies it. For my entree, I had the chicken and broccoli. The serving was plentiful- way more than I should have eaten in one sitting... but I managed. Hey, I was really hungry when we walked in. :) And, as an added bonus, I did confirm the fact that Abacus Chinese Restaurant does have an actual abacus on site. It's up front by the register. Check it out!
4	Brought the wife and kids on a Saturday evening and enjoyed the experience. Lots to eat and out the door with a tip for $50.00. Enjoyed all our dishes of standard Chinese fare. I was able to order Chow Fun noodles  ( wide rice noodle ) on their house special noodle dish and that made me happy. The service was excellent and our seating was confortable. We will be back.
3	The lunch price is a few dollars less and you get more food! I can go for lunch, fill up on the won tons, soup, and tea and then pretty much take my entire entree home for dinner. One of my favorite places to get Hot & Sour Soup. I always order the Sun Devil Chicken, which is (not breaded) chicken and jalapenos in a yummy sauce. To add a bit more flavor, I add vegetables. DELISH!  Also, the placemat with the Chinese Horoscope is classic!
2	Seriously unimpressed. Ordered delivery from here last night. Lots of food, but not much flavor. I had orange chicken.. One slice of orange in the whole order and not much orange flavor (or any other either). Hubby had Szechuan Chicken. It had a very strong onion flavor - but not much other flavor. We also ordered Pot Stickers. They were big, but again - not very flavorful.All in all, not worth the wait or the money. I guess it would do in a pinch, but not if I had any other options.
4	I have been going to this location for lunch on and off for years!  I love the Abacus chicken special, #8 on the lunch menu.  YUMMY!  The lunch is super fast, super good, and a reasonable price.  It comes with soup (egg drop or hot and sour soup), you get fried wonton chips, your meal includes 1 egg roll, 1 fried wonton, fried rice, and your selection.  I have never tried anything else off the menu.  Abacus chicken - I am hooked!
