4	I was aware that this was a new business opening right down the street fropm me and decided to stop by after receiving a coupon mailer.  It took me a while to get there on my day off, but glad I finally got there.I always opt for a pedicure, and  this time with the discount, I got the deluxe!  I was there on a Monday afternoon, so there were a few customers, but it was quiet.  The decor is contemporary with a soothing color palette and lighting. NBSB uses top grade salon products such as Cuccio, OPI and Essie.  There is a 20% discount Monday through Thursday for waxing services and a $5.00 discount for mani-pedi combos.  The staff was quietly polite and my pedicure was leisure with emphasis on the foot and leg massage.  My technician graciously reapplied my  polish when I moved my foot and messed up a toe. I am sure I will visit again when I need a bit of pampering.
1	I have gone to Nail Bar Spa several times for pedicures and have always been pleased with the results.  However, on my most recent trip there, the male technician doing my pedicure started laughing and speaking to the female technician next to him in another language.  At that point the female laughed too, pointed at my legs, and let me know they were laughing because I am "too white" and kept going on about how pale I am.  I am a natural redhead, so of course I have pale skin that does not tan.  It made me feel very uncomfortable that they would be so unprofessional and rude.  I didn't feel it was at all appropriate to make fun of a customer, to their face, about the color of their skin.  I will not be back to this location ever again, which is a shame because they do a good job and are very convenient to where I live, but I would rather drive a little further to be treated better.
3	I found a Groupon coupon for a gel polish at this place and decided to give it a try. It was easy enough to get an appointment when I wanted. When I showed up, no one was at the front counter and when someone wandered over to help me, I told them I had an appointment and she looked at me funny, almost like they don't even do appointments. Once past the awkward "greeting" I was sat down at the counter where they do nails. I'm not a huge fan of nail salons, but I found the atmosphere in this place very awkward and uncomfortable. The lady doing my nails filed my nails just like I wanted (I'm very particular about how they're are filed) and of course I was asked if I wanted to pay whatever extra amount it was for a manicure. The lady did a fabulous job on my nails!!!! I really loved them, and she didn't mess around with doing them. I was in and out quicker than expected. She was a little hard to understand and another employee wandered over and was watching her as she did them, and kept staring at me which I did not at all appreciate. If I was basing my review on the quality of my nails I would pick 5 stars but because of the employees and strange atmosphere, I can only give a 3. I would go back though, because I was very pleased with my nails.
4	I have been to Nail Bar Spa Ballantyne many times. I even purchased their Groupons for 3 for $30 gel polish, since I am a regular customer. (For the reviewer that complained about the Groupon, it clearly states that it's for a gel polish ONLY. Looks like someone didn't read their Groupon on what was included. That's the buyers fault, not the salons.) I usually walk-in to get my nails done, since I find there is no difference in wait time if you have an appointment or not. I do think they need a receptionist for the front to check-in clients. This will help with client comfort and help the nail technicians really focus on their clients and not have the randomly greet people walking in or make them stop just to answer the phone. With that being said...The nail techs at NBSB always, no matter who works on my nails, do a fabulous job!!! They are quick, quiet, professional and are always honest with their pricing. I will always go to NBSB to get my nails done.
2	I had received a Groupon to receive a free gel nail set and was very excited to try somewhere new and see how I liked it! But unfortunately I will not be returning. They asked me multiple times if I wanted a manicure for just $10. I declined multiple times and he finally left it alone. One of my sisters got a lady how was rude and snappy. She was not happy to be here and definitely not happy to be doing her nails. I do have to say the way it is set up is very efficient. I had never been to a nail bar before and really like the idea of it.
1	I went in today after having bought a Groupon about a month ago. The Groupon said: Choose Between Two Options*$11 for one shellac gel fingernail polish (a $25 value)*$30 for three Groupons, each good for a shellac gel fingernail polish (a $75 total value)Techs trim nails, file,buffs and apply choice of polish, Shellac, OPI or Gelish maintains chip-free for up to 14 days.The Fine PrintExpires Jan 23rd, 2014. Limit 1 per person. Limit 1 per visit. Valid only for option purchased. Appointment recommended. Merchant is solely responsible to purchasers for the care and quality of the advertised goods and services. See the rules that apply to all deals. I just purchased one and am glad that I did not purchase more because they did not honor the Groupon deal as expected.  After the manicure, the lady asked to see my coupon, so I pulled up the Groupon voucher.  She then told  me it would be $10.   (When I first walked in, I specifically told her that I had a Groupon and she did not ask me if I wanted a "$10 upgrade" to a manicure - she just jumped right in to do the manicure.) In any case, I didn't feel like arguing over the $10 so I just paid it and left and also gave her a tip.After I got home and inspected my nails, I was totally disappointed in that she had screwed up 2 of my fingernails. I think the tip was way too generous given that she did a terrible job. I usually get 2 gel manicures per month, and I have to say compared to my normal manicures, this is the worst I have ever had. I will definitely not be going back to this salon.Also, someone else wrote in their review that the Groupon was for polish only - if this was the case why did it specifically say "Techs trim nails, file,buffs and apply choice of polish, Shellac, OPI or Gelish maintains chip-free for up to 14 days."  (To me that describes a manicure, not a simple application of polish.)  IF if didn't say this, I could see someone arguing that the deal was for application of polish only. (But in any case,  if that was their intent, they should have stated very clearly that the Groupon was for Gel Polish Application Only. They should have listed in the terms or fine print that a full manicure was not included and that you would be charged an additional $10 for the manicure.) But either way, it seems to me the nail salon is trying to boost business and get new customers by running a Groupon deal.  However, if they make new customers unhappy because of some technicality in the wording of the Groupon, then they are just hurting their business instead of helping it.   I for one spend a lot of $ on nail services (Both gel manis and pedis) and in the future I won't be spending it at this salon based on my experience today.  There are way too many other shops in the Ballantyne area that do a better job.
1	The service is terrible, rude and the gel product chips within a few days. Avoid the Groupon deals, waste of money!
4	A friend recommended. Nail tech was  friendly and did a great job. Wine was good.   Massage chair was better then Polished. Overall enjoyed the experience and will go back.
2	I also bought a Groupon and it states they will file and trim your nails.  They didn't try to upgrade me for $10 like other people but, did a very basic filing of my nails.  They also charge you an additional fee to have the gel nail polish removed.   I have been here in the past and the staff are very rude.  It has been awhile since I came to this salon but figured with the Groupon I would give them another chance. In addition the Groupon stated an appointment was required. I made an appointment and still had to wait 10 minutes.  What kind of "nail bar" doesn't even offer you a beverage.  Don't waste your time or money here.
2	I have had better pedicures elsewhere.  Still looking for the perfect nail salon in the Charlotte area.  I went with a friend to get spa pedicures.  The lady doing her toes kept filing too far down and hurting my friends toes, she tried to tell the lady that that was very uncomfortable but the woman did not seem to listen.  The guy that did mine messed up a toe when trying to get my flip flops on (over the toe wedges which did not make any sense.  We were offered drinks but weren't sure if there was a charge for them so we refused, they failed to make that clear, maybe for a reason?  I think we will try a different place next time, and hope that the owner of this salon reads their yelp reviews and makes changes.
1	I bought a groupon deal for a "$15 gel/shellac manicure. " I made sure to read the fine print, which said an appointment was required and there was an extra $10 charge for gel polish removal.   Because I made an appointment and I did not need polish removal,  I assumed I would have a relaxing manicure and would not need to worry about additional charges other than tip.  Boy was I wrong!  As soon as I mentioned I had a groupon,  I was told that it only included the gel polish and the manicure would be $10 extra.  I immediately showed my nail tech the fine print, which said nothing about an extra manicure charge.  I was then approached by THREE employees trying to show me where the groupon said the manicure was an extra charge (the wording they showed me still did not specifically say anything about extra charges...).  At that point, I just wanted my nails done so I could get the heck out of there (I'm not the type the argue belligerently over $10).  When all was said and done, I overpaid for a mediocre gel manicure and the staff was rude at best.  It's safe to say I will not be returning.
1	I see why they don't have many stars. I bought a real thrifty groupon and regret it. Of course it's a little busy,  however they should be way more customer service centric. My greeting was delayed, I saw water,  wine and soda but they didn't offer. I was waiting alone shortly after another chick walks in with no appointment, they seat us both at a bar type setting (me no like)  a bar with no drinks lol. Anyway we sat and they started on her nails first but I was here first. I looked with a very confused face and I was told she had to get her gel polish soaked off. Idc if I'm here first focus on me first, she'll have to wait
