1	This place is absolutely terrible. I dropped off my car and was told it would be done in an 1-1.5 hours and to come back. They didn't have me fill out paperwork or ask for my number. Matter of fact they didn't even acknowledge my presence until I started going toward the entity office which was vacant.I came back and my car had the door panel resting on the convertible top, which no convertible owner wants to see, and I was told that I would be done in half an hour. I live 30 minutes away. I came back 45 minutes later and it was still not done, this is where asking me for my phone number would have come in handy so they could notify me. Four hours later it was done. The window doesn't lock into the door seal like it should, they broke the interior panel of my side mirror, the door's foam insulation was in my back seat. I'm not sure if they replaced it or just decided not to use it because they ripped it - to replace it will be $30-$60. If they can't do a window regulator right who in their right mind would let them do their windshield.Cons: crappy service, crappy workmanship, no respect for your time, terrible environment, unprofessional, no standards, no communication, they damage your car, probably no bonded.Pros: cheap if you don't mind the above and paying for repairing your car right or paying to repair damage they do.
1	The guys that came to do my windshield messed my old windshield up put in a windshield that doesn't fit took it out and put my original broke windshield even more f uped than before! Mind you this is on a holiday weekend.  Ruined my paintjob and sprayed my leather dash with rubbing alcohol and rubbed it until it was bare and the same color as the towel. Talked to the owner and he told his guys to get the hell outta there. And not getting any calls from them after they left.  Im contacting a claims adjustor when the holidays over. Thanks alot crappy glass shop. Next time wont go here. Theas guys are nothing but bad karma...
1	HORRIBLE! I wish I could give it 0 stars if I could! Don't ever use them. I had them replace my windshield on my 05 Volvo and they broke 6 clips to hold down my side molding on my car so I called them and they came down and said they didn't have the clips and had to get it from a dealer. So then they go and put window sealant under my molding! I had to run out and stop them but it was too late, it was oozing out from every side. I told them I was going to take it to a dealer to fix the molding and replace the clips because their people screwed up the molding by putting sealant. And they said it was ok, I spoke to a man named Eddie. And he said it was ok. I fax the invoice to them and they refuse to pay!!! To fix their mistake cost more than the windshield itself! Never never never use them!!' No matter how cheap they can be, cause that's all they are is cheap and cut corners
