1	I COMPLETELY agree with Sue! Let me count the ways...I began to start going to this Dr's office 4-5 years ago when they received a Top Doctors nod in the 2008 Phoenix Magazine, a nod I have not seen for them in some time. I made an appointment with Dr. Brown and was immediately pushed off onto the only Derm that seems to actually be there, Dr. Anngela Park.  I've seen her for a variety of skin issues, mole checks, acne, Accutane, etc. I have ALWAYS felt like a paycheck to the office, but didn't care because I didn't come there often.  It all started with the Accutane...After taking Accutane for 3-4 months, I began to realized that on my 6' frame, my joints were starting to hurt.  Like, REALLY HURT.  I did some research online and saw information stating that previous people who had taken Accutane had the same results with about  half returning to normal after cessation of Acctutane, and half keeping the pain.  As a 26 year old woman with no end to the acne in sight, I decided to continue with the Accutane until the 6 month mark and stop to see if my acne had subsided and stop the pain on my joints.  I mentioned this to Dr. Park in an appointment and she made a rather blanket statement to me saying that I was wrong. No evidence, no conversation other than "I haven't seen that, so I don't agree." ?????? What???? Nothing in my life had changed, no other medications were being taken, no accidents happened, I didn't all the sudden start working out vigorously, I ate right and was doing what I had always been doing??? Being an educated young woman with a graduate degree, I hate being told that my beliefs are unfounded and are wrong, when no conversation takes place, no research is done, nothing.  If I make a statement and the Dr. says, "No, you're wrong, I haven't seen that", that REALLY bothers me.  It tells me that just because you haven't seen it, it doesn't exist to you.  Poor, poor thinking as a medical professional.  P.S. It was MOST DEFINITELY from the Accutane, and about 1.5 years later, the pain is VERY much still in my wrists at the bare minimum and I will probably have SERIOUS issues with those wrists, but I traded the pain of cystic acne for joint pain. What can you do?Let's also state that even when I go in to see them midday on a weekday, arriving ON TIME, I ALWAYS have to wait a minimum of 20 minutes. Once I had to wait 45 minutes during a lunch break for work where I had allotted just over an hour.  Driving to there, waiting for 45 mins, waiting in the back room for 10, seeing the Dr, for 5, and and driving back cost me AN HOUR AND A HALF. BAH!!!  This place has NO regard for timeliness and I believe I see less and less patients in the waiting rooms over the years #1 because of the economy, but #2 because nobody likes bull appointment times. The final problem was the branchial cyst on my neck.  I had a small pinhead sized mass under the skin that was NO big deal, but whenever I got sick (flu, a viral infection, etc) it would swell up to the size of a shooter marble. It had been there for two years with no problems and then it swelled and HURT, BAD.  I made an appointment to come in for the first time in like a year or so.  Waiting in the waiting room for 15 minutes, (not a patient's soul in the waiting room or in the back?). I come up to pay my specialist fee of $40 before I may enter.  A sign should hang above the door stating "Abandon all hope ye who enter here" because do NOT expect any sort of a good experience.  I went to the back and waited for another 10 minutes while I heard the Dr. talk outside my paper thin door about personal things that could have waited with no other patients there, then proceeded to debrief the intern, loudly, about me outside my door. COME IN?! I can hear you, so at least ignore me in person when you talk about me. She comes in, checks me out, and says "You're not going to like this". DO NOT EVER START A CONVERSATION LIKE THIS IF YOU ARE A DOCTOR!!! HOW DARE YOU!!!!My heart sinks, and she tells me... "I can't remove that, you're going to have to see a specialist". Then why, praytell, did I just pay a SPECIALIST $40 fee for you???? So basically she eludes to me to go somewhere else, I'm not getting my $40 back for her horrible advice. (Which consisted of the word "Otolaryngologist" scratched onto a piece of paper).  No names, no Dr.'s they work closely with.  Just making me pay $40 for what I could have found out online, but assumed your SPECIALISM would remove a 1cm cyst from just under the skin of my neck???  Then she proceeds to tell me that I need to see a family practice Dr. to get a referral.YEAH RIGHT!!!!!Continued on next review...
1	SECOND PART OF MY REVIEW!I have not seen a family practice Dr. in years, because I STILL have not found a good one. Plus, if I just paid you $40, YOU HAD BETTER BELIEVE YOU ARE NOW MY REFERRAL.  I go home unable to speak, FUMING.  I find a great!!! Otolaryngologist in the coming week (Dr. John Michael Raines at the Biltmore Medical Mall) and call them to make an appointment. The understanding receptionist says its fine if the Derm Dr. refers me, since they have the most recent documents about my neck.  I call the receptionist here and SHE GIVES ME ATTITUDE. (P.S. She has been working here forever and is ONLY nice when you hand her your card and ask ZERO questions). So I (nicely) continue to take no for an answer saying, I paid $40 for useless information, that I could have found out if you had told me they didn't do removal procedures, WHICH THEIR WEBSITE STATES THEY CLEARLY DO??? So I didn't accept no until the receptionist, thinking this would get me off her back, said to me, "Well you're going to have to fax us a release of information form and what to have faxed to the other office." (Didn't I sign an ROI form when you took me initially??? Isn't that mandated by HIPAA? But I digress.)  I say "Can I email the form to you as fax machines are kind of obsolete in most homes at the moment and I'd have to pay, yet again, to get this thing to you." She stated that they were not able to do that at the time, and could ONLY be faxed to them.  #1 Get with the times, #2 If you're making it complicated for me, just to get me to leave you guys alone, you have sorely misjudged me. I said fine and to expect a fax within a few hours.  I faxed the ridiculous ROI form I created with a scan of my ID, and emailed it away stating I wanted only my short history and any specific notes about this cyst sent to the new Dr.  I sent it to my Derm and only but THREE DAYS LATER, did the specialist get the faxes from Dr. Brown's office, so that I could make the appointment.I got into the specialists appointment and he hands me a STACK of personal information from Dr. Browns office, 10-15 pages worth, telling me "I don't need this, but I'll give it to you in case you need all of that." Laughing at the misstep Dr. Browns people had made. Learn how to release information, because I'm sure TONS of people will be wanting their records sent elsewhere. I am done.  I put up with them for making me feel like a paycheck, for dealing with a never-nice front desk lady, for making me wait 15 minutes minimum to see a Dr., for seeing the Dr. for 3-4 minutes at times, and even for making a blanket statement about my Accutane (IT'S CALLED RESEARCH!!! I don't care if you tell me it WAS the Accutane, just don't pretend it's a miracle drug with no side effects other than birth defects.)But paying $40 for a waste of a visit and then having to waste time talking to a rude desk clerk and then spend another $5 to FAX info to them is enough. I will never be going back, I will never be giving them my money again, and I will be VERY HAPPY about it.  I would rather see ANOTHER 1 star Derm than come back here. Sorry about my rant, I CLEARLY have pent up a little anger about this.P.S. Dr. Raines did a BEAUTIFUL job on my cyst removal and I felt well cared for and extremely comfortable before and after surgery. I will be writing him a review when the stitches are removed and I see a little more healing. : )
1	Based on my experience at this office I am giving one star, because I can't give zero stars.   On my one and only visit to this office, this was the coldest, most impersonal, rushed, uninterested, and unprofessional experience I have ever had at any medical office.   I will never return, and I would not recommend to anyone.
