5	I'll sum it up quickly:  the service is great, and the sandwiches are BOMB!!! (I'd suggest putting that cherry pepper relish on your sub for some extra kick.)Ever since this location opened, I've wanted to try it out.  Been going back for a couple months now, and I love the place.  Their "Original Italian" is just delicious.  If you haven't been there yet, you gotta go!You don't go there and pay five bucks for a limp sub that has you searching for meat.  At Jersey Mike's, it's a little pricier, but you get a big sandwich with big flavor, and there's plenty to share.  I also appreciate seeing smiling staff that you can actually hold a conversation with while they make your order.  That puts me in a good mood even after a long day at work.Good food, good service.  I'll be back, and I'm bringing others with me!
5	Stopped in to check out the subs and they have won us over! Subway is trash compared to the higher quality ingredients, from the bread to meat. This is a very welcome addition to the Laveen area, food choices in the area are horrid, but this bring I some wonderful light!
4	best subs in town !
5	The sandwiches are great!  The menu used to be a lot bigger when I was kid and they also had a breakfast menu too.  I still think that they have the best sandwiches around!  Service is great and they get it out pretty fast even though they slice it for you as you wait.  I prefer the slicing it fresh over over sub-way's pre-cut stuff in a bucket.  I am a frequent flyer their.
5	YUMMO
4	Great food, but kinda steep on pricing. ($1/inch on subs.) Got 1 wrap and 2 regular sized subs for $22!
4	First time at Jersey Mike's. Ordered to-go for the family: an Original Italian for me, Turkey and Provolone for my wife, a BLT for our daughter and a Buffalo Chicken Wrap for her husband. Our sandwiches were made on time, which was refreshing for this area: we usually have to wait for take-out orders despite arriving at the appointed time. I ordered the Italian because Port-of-Subs has a similar sandwich that I had had the day before and I wanted to compare. My sandwich was good, but not as good as PoS. I liked the red pepper spread. It was fresh but I think the bread was the difference. My son-in-law said his Buffalo Chicken was okay. He had better and had worse. I'll try Jersey Mike's again. It is in a convenient location, the service is very good and the selection is okay. Maybe a different meal next time?
2	Went to Jersey Mike's for dinner. It was freezing inside. Took several minutes for anyone to greet us. The guy who took our order mumbled so it was difficult to understand him. I asked for the regular meatball sub on white. Waited several more minutes to pay. They were moving very sloooowwwly. We went outside to eat since it was so cold in there. My boyfriend's Chicken Philly was on wheat bread even though he asked for white. The meatballs on my sandwich were big and covered in cheese, but I thought the sub roll was too bready and ended up discarding a portion of it because it was too much. I think my previous experience here was better.
4	This location is clean and the staff is kind.  The sub was yummy, I ordered a turkey with bacon and avocado.  The day we went there happened to be a customer from Jersey at one of the tables yelling as loud as he could about sports.
5	Love it here. Employees are always pleasant, manager is cool too! Keep up the good work guys I appreciate it!
1	This review is being entered a day late. myself and two other friends went here for lunch. I had thw roast beef. my friends had tuna and turkey. what to say... both friends stated the sandwich was bland, very little taste.my roast beef was also very bland. the meat was cooked with no seasoning, the oil and vinegar taste was over powered by the bland taste of the meat.the theme here is BLAND food! for the money I will go to subway around the corner.
