5	First I want to say that Ken M.'s review is ridiculous and reaks of utter bitterness, negativity and prejudices.  I think he went solely for the purpose of seeing something wrong and to not have any type of fun. HOPE U HAVE A JOY READING IT LMAO!I went to Revolver last Friday for the grand opening (They had 2 days for their Grand Opening). I was on the guest list and had to wait about 15 minutes, we got in a little after 12 and it was packed! The energy was awesome and there was a good mix of people...not all cowboys, rockers or b-boys either. There was a little bit of everything. I loved it!I go to Stoney's all the time and HIGHLY ENJOYED myself here at Revolver.  If you know anything about Vegas nightlife, Revolver is a refreshing place to visit because its not huge with waaaaaay too many people bumping and pushing when you try to walk from the bar to the dance floor. It is a good size and it feels clean, alive and hip. We didn't have to pay a cover because we were on the guest list BUT if you go anywhere else, the covers are going to be ridiculous($50- males, $20- females INCLUDING LOCALS). If you can't afford $5 - $10 at the door you more than likely shouldn't be going out. I am a country, hip-hop and R&B music lover. I don't enjoy too much rock but the music was ON POINT. They played an even balance of everything. We got to line dance and 2 step the night away. It was great. I would recommend going there if you are looking for a good night out in a more upscale lounge but not have to deal with all of the other stuff that comes with it. You can dress up or dress down, it doesn't matter there...that's something else that is great about Revolver as well. The drinks are well priced compared to other clubs on the stip. They match the prices pretty much throughout the casino. I am going to assume that because they are just opening and trying to see what their clientele looks like, they will tailor their club to meet their demands. It may be more country on one night than another...who knows, its too soon to tell. All I know is that I had a fabulous time, I will be going back, I will be doing a b-day party there and I will make a suggestion that they offer line dancing lessons as well! HAVE FUN YOU GUYS!
4	I've only been to Revolver for their Boot Scoot N Boogie roller boogie night.  I skate with the Sin City Rollergirls so we any excuse to skate and have a good time is fine by me.  The first thing I noticed about Revolver is the staff.  From the door to the bar staff, they're all so nice and friendly.  They go out of their way to make sure we're taken care of.  I even lost my phone and a bartender came out from behind the bar to talk to the security and help me find it.  I don't know if I'd go to Revolver on a non-skate night simply because I'm not into country or line dancing, but it's not out of the question.  They usually have decent beer specials as well.
4	This is a fantastic place to go and people watch, its a great place to get silly, everyone there seemed to be having a good time and the drinks were reasonably priced. I got myself plus 2 pretty wasted for $60.00. They had a white trash theme party, i wasnt dressed to fit in but there was plenty of awesome outfits.I would go back here again.
4	The night I visited it was the Trailer Trash Bash event. Wow, what a sight to see. I have heard that a new kind of night is created each month for the locals and visitors to enjoy. There is a large dance floor area and two bars, one on each side. There is a pool table on the North East corner. The center piece for this nightclub is the giant armadillo disco ball.I had a good time at the venue, the DJ played music the crowd liked and the staff seemed friendly enough. $2 entry and similarly priced draft beers, at the time of this review, should be enough to bring in even the most price conscious consumer. The entry to the nightclub was complimentary and was not in trade for a review.
4	This place was pretty cool, I headed WAY up north to check it out for the Halloween costume contest. First of all they did not want to let me in because of my face makeup on Halloween but the head of security came out and I let him know I would not be trouble and he was cool to let me in. Most security here in Vegas would have played the douche bag card but he was great. Once we got in I do have to say the place was well decorated and lit perfectly for the occasion, the music was great the waitresses were attractive and friendly so they definitely have the equation for good tips down. Drink prices were at a minimum due to it being Dave and mahonies cheap ass drink night but even the items not on special were reasonably priced. I would definitely come back and check this place out non zombified.
4	A large giltzy armadillo named Delilah hangs over a wide,hardwood dancefloor right in the center of this saloon. This country style saloon is one of the places I frequent  for my dance nights out. It's a far drive from where I usually stay but when I wanna go country dancing, I take the time for it. It's located inside Santa Fe Station in the north part of Vegas. DJ spins all-time country, country pop rock, rock and roll, east coast, line dance and west coast swing dance blends of music to the delight of saloon patrons. Participated in most line dance and country music dancing on this dancefloor which is flanked on two far ends by  full bars. Wooden tables and chairs are set around the dancefloor. Line dance lessons are offered Wednesdays to Fridays from 8:15 to 9 p.m. by a dance friend Dawn, and it's a free set of lesson in country dancing, line dancing, east coast swing or west coast swing dances. The lessons are basic dances in the social form, knowingly, not designed for competitive dance performances. So, anybody can easily learn these dance steps and add this to your own personal dance moves thus, making anyone comfortable in social dance circles or your regular night of dancing enjoyment in any place like this. Not one of my top places to go most of the time because of wafts of cigarette smoke. Undeniably, my hair is stenched of it noticeably after my visits, which calls for a good clean shower. I'm gonna wash that smell right out of my hair is what my mind tells me as I drive to my place. Is there such a thing to keep smoke from sticking to the hair? Despite all that which is fixable, I like dancing here because of the wide dance floor. Brightly colored light effects throughout the saloon with a slight misting effect in the air. Bull riding competitions are on Thursday nights which is a spectacle for my visual sense. There is rarely a line of patrons waiting to enter. Female cocktail servers dressed in midriff-baring black leather cowgirl outfits adds to the country style in a Vegas baring kind-of-way. The bartenders are ever diligent in service as well. The saloon hostess is friendly. I always get to see a smile from her when I visit. Noticeably, the saloon patrons are dressed casually in country style outfits. Notice cowboy boots, large buckle belts, tight-fitting jeans, or even cowboy hats. For anyone who haven't gone to country dance halls this is something your eyebrows would raise up for, but know that, that is just the way it is. It's so laid out down country home style. And I just like it that way too. It's one of many country places to visit in Vegas. Heehaw!!
3	Not as bad as I thought it was going to be. Hot girls working inside, decent prices and fairly good turnout of people inside..Will try again and might get 4th star.
3	Went on a Wednesday for Ladies Night.  Free entry if you have a boarding pass (player's club card) otherwise it's $1 for girls and $5 for guys.  Girls enjoy $1 drinks while dudes pay too much.Line dancing lessons start at 8:15 and run for 45-60 minutes.  Lots of boot stomping after that.  Sometime after 11:00 they pretty much play club music.Ladies night was off to a slow start but by midnight it was pretty crowded, LOTS of girls, I was surprised at the ratio.  Cocktail girls are good looking.There's nothing really unique about Revolver except for the mirror armadillo over the dance floor.  I only drove all the way up here (half way to Tonapah!) for the free Nascar tickets, but after the experience, I just might make it back!
4	A good spot to hangout, dance, meet people... I only thing I didn't like is the security guys can be very up tight, and straight up assholes. I understand you have a job to do, but ease up on the roid rage. I watch them practically break this very old mans arm. He did nothing wrong, just protecting a girl from another rude guy. It was completely unnecessary, an they assaulted the wrong guy. Sorry, It just seems something like that happens every weekend. It is a fun bar, even if u don't like country, it's a good time. Lots of drinks specials. Takes along time to get a cab. You have to leave the bar to use the restrooms, but that's like all bars in any casino. Free for military, I think it's $5 normal entry. They have beer pong, pool tables, and a huge dance floor. Two big bars, gorgeous women bar-tending, a VIP section, and a good amount of seats. Not sure on the prices for VIP service, can't image it being too much. A good mix of people, not just country folks. Thursday they play a lot of rock, which I love. I started of complaining but overall a fun place to be.
4	Decided to check this place out on a Friday night when this place decides to get their "Country" on! I was bummed out when Gilly's closed down and I haven't had a chance to check out their new location at Treasure Island BUT I heard Revolver does a pretty good job promoting this venue for our Country lovers. When I first walked in I was surprised to see beer-pong tables set up on the left side of the entrance, it was a nice little treat for us :) Friday's seem to be a good night to put on your cowboy boots and hats and start line dancin the night away. They have a great selection of music and even end the night with a top 100 mix for those non-lovin country dancers. Now it's not as big as Stoney's but I think for it's location it does a good job bringin in the crowd. It's a little dark inside- I had trouble seeing my feet when I attempted to line dance- which ultimately made it hard to learn the dance steps...If I had to complain I would say the drinks were WAY too expensive- this isn't the strip- it's a small station casino on the Northwest side of town- comeon now :b Overall, I would come here again sometime just for the fun of it :D
2	They REALLY need to turn on the AC in here! I wasn't even dancing, and it felt like I was in Satan's anus. Stuck around for about an hour, and got tired of waiting for a non-synchronized dance. Seriously, when do the normal people get their groove on without being trampled by the High School Musical cast? And why are the drinks so overpriced? This isn't the Strip.I give it two stars just because of the nifty decor and good music. Plus, free admission with a players club card. But if you aren't going to take the dance classes every week, there are definitely better clubs.
3	This place is so bad, it actually becomes awesome. Oh yeah. This out-of-the-way (so far from my side of town) establishment provides some serious people-watching.I got a teeny bit excited when I heard the words "country" and "line dancing". I may be all J.Crew and Smashing Pumpkins, but I do enjoy a night of country and line dancing once in a great while (and by great while, I do mean like twice a decade).However, upon entering (and after paying the $3 entry fee), I didn't hear any country music. Sure, I saw some denim booty shorts, cowboy boots, and cowboy hats, but it all ended there. Nickelback is definitely not country. But hey, I guess it is low-class and redneck, so it worked for this place. Yeah, I just said that.The place was pretty packed and full of energy. And hey, there's a mirrorball armadillo hanging over the dance floor! After getting a $2 Bud, it was discovered that the best place to saddle up was a table alongside the dance floor.Ahh, the dance floor. So much awesome all at once. So many things going on and so many people to ogle. And I don't ogle in the "he/she is so hot way". I mean ogle in the "holy crap, are they really doing that" way. Yeah. Oh yeah. There was dirrty (yep, two "r"s) dancing, solo dancing, woo girl dancing, hook-up dancing, and some serious "OMG" dancing. It was quite hilarious.All in all, I would call this a night of some pretty cheap entertainment. And yes, by entertainment, I do mean people-watching.
4	Great place to dance. Most of the guys here are just looking for tail. But, for a ladies night, I guess that is what is expected. I just go to dance and see my friends. Good music, cheap drinks on Wednesday ladies night. The bartenders are way too stuck up and need to be a lot friendlier for me to tip them more than a dollar. Nothing like pretty girls that are stuck up and rude. Other than the bartenders, Revolver is a great time if you want to get out and socialize and dance!
4	Not a country fan however, I was here for a birthday party in the VIP area. Good time, fun place- casual. I don't think you need VIP to have a good time here. Lots of places to sit and a fun crowd. Busy but not overly packed with people. Waitress was great as was the door /security staff. Country mostly with a little rap thrown in after midnight. Place looks so much nicer than Stoneys.
4	I had heard a lot about this place and finally went to check it out.  Being an Irish guy, I naturally suffer from white man's disease and can't dance.  However, line dancing doesn't require trying to coordinate with a partner so the only feet I stepped on was my own.There were a bunch of people there that knew every dance they called out and some of them were way past my skill level (which is pretty low).  But there were also a bunch that were pretty easy to catch on real quick.  The morning guys from 95.5 were also there doing some trivia and prize give a ways which was a nice break from the music.  Also, the music wasn't overly loud like other clubs around the valley so it made it a lot easier to talk to the people you were with.  As the night went on, they started throwing in some R & B and hip hop in the mix which broke up the continual two stepping and line dancing.And you can't forget the giant armadillo above the dance floor.  No clue why its there, but it gives the place character so I like it.  Definitely going back soon.
2	Good music but this place is not country, not true country it's choreography Hollywood country...I feel like Im living in a smokey episode of Glee. I mean it's bad.. see for yourself.   The bartender I initially delt with was extremely rude.. I asked if they had blue moon, and she said no, then when I asked if they had any kind of heffy she said " I already said no!" so I said thanks and went to the other side of the bar to get drinks there. The beer selection is poor here. I'd rather drive farther to a real country bar. I'm in my 30's and felt old here.They rotate the music around from country to hip-hop later in the evening and you see more of the younger crowd who know very little of country life. I honestly only saw three guys with cowboy hats.. me included. I felt out of place
2	Don't try and have a conversation here. The music is deafening! My ears were almost bleeding. My group of friends have to consistently shout when we come here.Even by the beer pong tables its hard to talk!Next, the drinks are overly expensive and "meh." The drink special the other night was a "Washington Apple" shot for three dollars. The shots were weak and poured from a pre-mixed bottle. When I asked what other specials they had the bartender scowled at me.Lastly, many of the dances are quite different here. It's not revolvers fault but its strange when you've been dancing a song for years but now its the "revolver" way.Honestly, I have a much better time at Stoney's South. Better drink specials, you can have a conversation and I know the dances are "standard" fare.
4	Uhm, I don't mean to be rude, but why on earth would someone try having a conversation at a country western saloon/dance hall? Isn't that what coffee houses are for? or the privacy of the room you might have gotten that night to go to Revolver (cause it is SOOOOOOOO over there away from my house that the taxi would cost to much)? I digress..... night clubs, saloons and dance halls aren't really made for 'conversations'; I don't believe. But this one was actually a lot of fun. First off I guess I hadnt ever considered going on my own just for grins. I went because it was a gf's bday and I wanted to come out and show her some love. We looked online and got a super cheap deal on a room and decided to make the trek over. For me, the drive alone and needing to get a room would most likely deter me from going again; not to mention I am more of an EDM kinda girl. But its nice to do different stuff now and then specially with friends.We had a great time even though neither myself or my BFF can line dance now matter how much more drunk I get (in college it use to make me at least seem like I was actually getting it). I loved the mirrored armadillo for sure. Looked like the place was packed when we went, a lot of specials for our folks in the military and the bar was pretty responsive considering the number of people that they were serving that night (it was a Thursday).
5	Revolver is one of my favorite places to go when I want to hear some good country music.  However, as of lately they have changed their Thursdays to Blackout Thursdays.  I have not made it yet, but I did go the week before they started and they were playing some techno, R&B, and Hip-Hop.  My friends from out of town were not huge country fans, save one, and were miserable before we got there.  Then we arrived and between the music, $2 drinks and $2 patron shots I think they died and went to heaven (their use to DC $8 prices). Anyhow, the staff is totally awesome at this place, I have yet to have a bad experience, (this includes security) and I have been there at least 20 times.  I fully intend to check out this Black out Thursday as all you can drink from 8-11 for $11, umm heck ya- sign me up!  Did I mention there is also lots of eye candy 8^D, whether you're looking for dudes or chicks, there is usually a few!
3	Lets start off by saying that I HATE THE CLUB SCENE! So when my cousin was in town, we came up with this place as common ground.Starting the night out, i was still a little put off by how loud it was, but then I started letting loose and having fun with friends and family. The drink prices arent the best but lets face it, we live in Vegas. The coolest part about this place I think is the fact that they play a 10 minute set of country music and then a 10 minute set of popular hip hop[ music, so everyone is happy. The dance floor was always full and they teach you line dances before the night starts for free, also bad ass. it was a good choice as apposed to a club.From now on when someone wants to go to a club with me, ill fight for revolver instead.
4	From BBQ joint to Stoney's North to Revolver. It's been quite a ride for this place. It's evolved into a pretty decent place to slap on those shit kickers and cut some rug...more or less. Actually it's not that old school, in fact, it's pretty modern, more new country. They've got a great sound system, lots of free line dancing lessons (if you get there by 8) i've only been on Friday's and Saturday nights and it seems as the night goes on, the music get's progressively more modern. You might here some mix of rock, hip hop and techno. Fine by me, that's more my style anyway.They've got some VIP tables that are fairly cheap, by Vegas standards, and some couches in the corner if you can snag one. If you're into beer pong, welcome friends and prepare to get toasted. They've got  4 or 5 beer pong tables that are usually full by 10.They took out the mechanical bull for these, which usually sat untouched aside from the occasional drunk female with the too short dress on who was certain she'd conquer...notAs of late they've started doing the 'table reservation' thing. So either get there early or ask a staffer to get your name in.
2	I've experienced MUCH better!I was really hopeful I'd have a great time, two stepping the night away with a nice guy who knew what he was doing.Instead I walked into a club of hipsters and frat boys and drunk chicks line dancing, I've never seen so many silly line dancxes before! I'm from Texas, I have been to almost major dance hall in Texas, and I love a good dancehall but this place was a huge disappointment for me.  I'm glad I didn't pay to get in there.
5	Good crowd, not super crowded but yet busy!  The music is primarily country, but they do blend in some more house music than I prefer, but it was obviously popular as the dance floor was packed. I can't say enough about the waitresses and bartenders, they are friendly, quick and also completely down to earth. What I haven't mentioned is that they are all gorgeous and wear amazing outfits...if you can call what little they wear outfits.The dance floor isn't huge, but big enough to not bump into everyone even on a busy night. The free line and 2 step dance lessons are popular and a good way to learn if you are interested.I've only been a few times, but keep coming back because it is such a good time!
4	I don't know why, maybe just the change up factor, but every time I end up here I have a good time. I actually enjoy the dancing, two stepping around in a circle roller rink style. The Drinks are cheap, I get in free at the door (military) and the chicks that frequent this place are just more laid back, willing to dance and have fun and lots of them are wearing daisy dukes. The drink specials are cool, they change every hour I think and they're displayed on a flat screen behind the bar so you don't have to ask. Example - $3 Bacardi mixed drinks, solid deal. The music is country but if you ask the DJ he'll play some hip hop for you. The layout of Revolver is smart. Go here, bring friends, gamble beforehand, earn a room comp, drink till your heart is content, then get some food court fare, head to the room, and make love to someone. Or do like me and go alone, get drunk, and sleep in the parking garage. Weirdo.
4	I've been here once and it was my first, out of many, country bar experiences. If you don't know how to dance, come a little early and they'll teach you a line dance or two. The staff is nice, and the dance floor is nice, too. It's not as crowded as Stoney's, being on the opposite side of town, which is nice if you're just learning how to line dance. It's not packed on the dance floor. Come in, and enjoy yourself!
3	This is a great "Saloon" for people to line dance and consume alcohol.  It is really loud and not great for conversation.  You do not want to go here if you don't want to inhale smoke all night.  The ventilation is awful.
5	This is a great surprise treasure in the northwest !!! Lots of friendly folks ... It's always a great time ... Atmosphere is awesome right down to the mirrored armadillo hanging over the dance floor ...Drinks are affordable and staff is friendly ... My favorite club in the Northwest!!!
4	I recently went on a country music kick, and dragged a couple friends out here for some line dancing on a Saturday night...boy, was it fun :)Things I absolutely loved about Revolver:1. Disco Armadillo!...yes the disco ball in the center of the dance floor is an armadillo :)2. Fun/laid-back crowd!....lots of people of all ages and backgrounds. 3. Great country music (I'm biased bc I do listen to coyote radio pretty regularly), but they also play pop/hip-hop music!4. Drink prices were pretty reasonable (sure beats the drink $$ on the strip!), and they tend to have different drink specials depending on the night. 5. Great space...including beer pong tables, and lots of seating/tables surrounding the central dance floor. Get there early (for line dancing class) if you want to snag a good table. 6. And Finally...the LINE DANCING CLASS! Don't know how to line dance, no problem! they have free classes from 8-9pm Wed/Fri/Sat nights :) And it's ok if you stink at it (like I did), no one will make fun of you! Downers: 1. So while the line dancing floor is tons of fun, once the night gets started, if you don't know the line dance to a particular song, it's hard to get on the dance floor. But it's ok, you can go out there and fake it ;)2. Some weird take-off-your-shirt dance contest happened the night we were there....it was like a college-wet-t-shirt contest and kinda gross, but whatever. 3. It gets really really hot...there is poor A/C circulation here for whatever reason. 4.  Smoking.... ick!Now, if they added in a mechanical bull and maybe some pool tables, I'd give this place 5 stars easy :)
4	The club has great music and dances.  Wednesday nights are the best night to go - $1 drinks for ladies.  It can get busy.  No cover before 10 pm though.  My only complaint is too much cigarette smoke though.  You will come home smelling like smoke.  Their ventilation system is awful.
