5	I am so happy to have found Math Maverick. My daughter was getting poor grades in math and It just wasnt acceptable another day ! At that moment i was driving down the hill and noticed a new business, Math Maverick. I decided to stop in and boy am I glad I did! We just love this place!! The owner is Lou and he is a super guy! You can tell he has a real interest in helping the kids learn and he is real personable too. My daughter loves coming here and her grades are improving. The monthly fee is reasonable as well. I would recommend Math Maverick to everyone!
5	Lou is fantastic! His personality & teaching style truly sets him apart and leads to fantastic results! My daughter loves attending Math Maverick & has been scoring a 100% in all of her  (math) assessments at school ever since she started classes here. Highly recommended!
5	My daughter has been going to Math Maverick for just a few weeks.  We've already seen a difference in her ability & confidence.  Lou is great!  He has such a way with kids and relaying his "tricks" for doing math.  The best part is that our daughter looks forward to going to class.  It's Fun!
5	I was so lucky to find Math Maverick and Lou. My son was having difficulty in math and had not passed the proficiency test. I have had him with other tutors and they were OK but nothing at all like Lou. His math teacher had given up hope of him passing. As a mother it was really hard for me because I knew how hard he was trying and I felt powerless. A friend told me that he saw a tutoring place called Math Maverick. I thought I will keep trying. I called and talked to Lou and I'm so glad I did. The final math proficiency test was 3 weeks away. I explained everything to Lou and he told me that my son may not pass the proficiency but at the very least he would learn math. As soon as my son went to Math Maverick he felt better. Lou loves kids and it shows. he is very patient and encouraging ( he made my son believe that he was good at math). My son passed the proficiency test 3 weeks later and was able to graduate on time with his class. If you have a child having difficulty in school, in any subject, I would encourage you to call Lou, he can help. He did for my son what no one else was able to do because he cared enough to do it and truthfully the others didn't.
5	My 2nd grade son was failing math and all because he was intimidated by it. That coupled with the fact that both my husband and I are one track minded when it comes to math, really didn't help my son out at all. I searched high and low and came across Math Maverick on Yelp. My son has been attending Math Maverick for a little over a month now and let me tell you, his confidence has gone up up up since probably his 2nd session. Lou is very personable, and easy to talk to. He will tell it like it is. My son is very comfortable with him and sometimes Lou even goes a little further in helping my son with his other homework subjects and teaching him other levels of math. Lou has so many different techniques that he shows my son, techniques that seem so simple, but I never even thought of using when helping my son with math. My husband and I are so glad we found Math Maverick. I highly recommend this place. Thanks Lou!
5	Lou is so awesome!  Such a great guy.  I take my oldest son here and he loves it too.  Lou is honest, so if you can't handle the fact that your child is not the genius you think  they are or want them to be, then I would look elsewhere.  Lou is genuinely looking at helping your child to succeed and does not use scare tactics to get you to sign up for multiple tutoring sessions.  10 stars for Lou!
