2	Wow, after taking a look at the parks website i feel like my review will be incomplete. Well I'll couch it. This morning I was looking for somewhere to walk around and the receptionist at my hotel said there was a park just a half mile down on McKellips. I drove by it first, then on the return found it opposite of 1733 McKellips Road. I got out and set off on the wide, well-maintained sidewalk. It wasn't that early, but the park looked abandoned except for a park working spraying something with a hose and assorted homeless people. I jogged around the lake once and went on my way, it was too manufactured I guess, and creepy that it was so abandoned. Now I see that it is only 1 of 3 huge tracks that I was running on, and that actually the park extends from McKellips up to MacDowell. I will go back to check out the whole span of the park, see if i can find any people.  All in all, I've experienced better.
4	Um not sure whyTF there is a low-star review. Because it's fairly empty? Weird. I start out here for my bike rides up and down the green belt. I've never encountered any vagrants, though some of the disc golfers have the homeless look going on. A nice splash pad, lots of seating, and sometimes there are some teens (?) practicing music in the park. Minus one star as this place is packed on holidays and some evenings, and these fellow park-goers don't seem to understand (or care) that the multi-use path is not a good place to let your young children run free on.
4	A hidden gem. There is a free mini water park here... bring the kids and play!
4	Very important addition to community. I offer this having been personally involved in offering social services.
5	Just a beautiful park & lake...directly links to several more beautiful parks & lakes. Very serene, yet I feel safe. Wonder walking & bike paths. I'm from Minneapolis, MN & I never thought I'd find anywhere remotely close to the beautiful lakes & parks within the city of Minneapolis where there's a myriad of beautiful walking, running & biking paths...but I did here in AZ- of all places. The grounds are exceptionally clean & well kept up. 5 stars!
