4	Wag N' Wash is a fairly new business that caters to your pampered pooch (or cat). Just ask Cheech & Chong. They're the cats that live on the premises at Wag N' Wash and they seemed perfectly content among all the onslaught of customers coming in to check out the store.I personally don't own a dog, but my friend who came along with me on this particular visit does. This was a great opportunity for him to check the place out. Fresh baked dog biscuits are made daily. I'm afraid to admit this, but they actually smelled quite good. A bevy of pet products are there for the choosing including pet beds, raw dog food, leashes, toys and more.If your best friend is getting a little ripe, bring him down. Bring your dog too! You can wash him yourself for a fee, or even have the pet groomer on site wash and clip your pup. The washing and grooming areas are kept separate from the rest of the store. We all know how wet dog smells, and that's not an issue in the parts of the store where you may not want to have to smell that. A boutique for your barker. Prices seemed fairly reasonable with an adequate selection of dog and cat care products. As the sign on the side of the building points out, there's plenty of barking spaces in the back of the store.
5	Arf arf...bow wow..lick lick...Ok, that was Emilie our Schnauzer's take on Wag N Wash and believe me she loves it there. Right there across from Copper Star Coffee sits my beloved Wag N Wash. The owners and staff are the nicest of nice. I want to just hang out there with them all day. Cept for the fact that I usually leave with random dog hair attached to my tounge. They have a sort of Ben and Jerry's anti Petco mentatlity and I respect that. They have a great stock of toys, treats and other poochie gucci things. The grooming service is fantastic. Forty bucks for a 90 minute groom is quite a deal. Cut to me trying to bathe Emilie in my tub and the ensuing waterworks flooding my bathroom floor. Me cussing, spilling my martini. Emilie constantly violently shaking excess shampoo and water all over the walls. Not pretty. Also provided is a self washing area. Well, not self washing as in you wash yourself, cuz, well that would be weird. But an area where you yourself can wash your dog. They provide with an apron, brush, shampoos, etc. and constantly check on you. And I can never leave without purchasing their homemade doggie treats, kinda pricey at $10 for a bag, but their made right there in front of ya and I love supporting the smaller business. So wag your tail bitches and get on down to the WNW.
5	Okay, so I am crazy... I do love my 2 dogs and my 3 cats, to the point that I will spoil the crap out of them. I do not have kids, so, they are the closest I have to raising kids. Yes, yes, yes, I hear the voice of the Dog Whisperer in my ears telling me not to humanize my pets. Well, too bad. They ALL know who the pack leader is, so, a little spoiling, in my book, is all right. Now, enough about that. What about Wag N' Wash??? Can I just scream out I LOVE THE PLACE!!! I can't stand the commercialization at Petco, Petsmart and I love the friendliness of Wag N' Wash. I used to have to order organic foods I buy, from the internet, but now no more. You see, my dog has seizures and in order to mitigate the frequency of the seizures, he gets medicine and human grade food. Now, with Wag N' Wash just up the street I can buy all my food right here in town and keep the monies flowing in Phoenix. The staff is amazing and the two brothers are extremely customer oriented. In a little over a month I have managed to pump more than $300 bucks into the place but it has been worth every penny. The kids have not gone in for a bath yet, but, they love the food and the treats--frozen soup bones, elbow bones, you name it. (Can't get soup bones in most of the regular stores so there ya are). I realize that this may seem a bit overboard, but, as the commercial says--"go ahead, you're worth it." After taking care of your little furry lovelys, go next door and treat yourself to an exceptional cup of coffee and one of Bill's DElicious cupcakes. Just stay away from the yellow cake with chocolate frosting cupcakes--they are completely addictive. I am so encouraged by all the great things coming into Phoenix. I feel like the city is finally growing up to fit the pants that have been so baggy for so long!!
4	Everything i get for my dog I buy here (dog food, treats).  I also take my dog here for grooming or a do it yourself wash.  The owners are always extremely friendly and helpful.  Their staff is wonderful too... whenever i am there to wash my dog they are so helpful .  I have not bought anything here that i was unhappy with and they always carry anything heavy out to my car for me.
5	Are you F'n kidding me!?This place is the shiznit!  Dog HEAVEN on earth!We spent about two hours here washing our dogs and shopping with them.The people were SOOOOOOOOOO incredibly nice ... HUGE ups!!!
5	Part 1 of my review:  Wag -Minnie's tail was wagging the second her paws were in the store... I was excited too!  We went in to check this place out after seeing some of the previous Yelp reviews.Wag N' Wash has anything and everything you could ever desire if you were a dog... adorable and comfy designer dog beds, great quality collars, leashes, food bowls, toys, balls, wet food, dry food, packaged treats, bones, and all-natural pet biscuits made fresh in the store daily!  Even more exciting... real live cats in the store!Needless to say, Minnie and I took our time walking up and down each and every aisle examining all of these fun products.  After round 1 of picking up a toy and some treats, I asked Steve (the owner who was working at the time) for some advice on which wet food he recommends I use to make Minnie's dry food more appealing.  Steve personally walked me back to show me the different varieties that he thought Minnie would like.  I could tell he knew a lot about the products and it made me feel even better about what I was about to purchase.Back up to the register we walked... this time with my hands full of all kinds of goodies for Minnie.  Steve rang us up and when he learned that Minnie and I were both Wag N' Wash virgins, he set us up with a VIP (Very Important Pet) Card... which gives us 10% off of every visit and $10 back when we reach $300.  That may take awhile, but we're on our way having spent almost $50 today... and that's before we've even attempted part 2 - the Wash!Part 2 coming soon... stay tuned for when Minnie needs a bath!
4	This place is a cool, little independent place to find great stuff.They have a lot of products, collars, toys, food, etc., all of it hip and/or healthy. It is a little pricey, but like they say, you get what you pay for.The people are wonderful.We frequent the Wag N' Wash for not just bathing our dogs, but for their food, toys, etc.It is well worth a visit and you will see why people come back again and again.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place. LOLA, my beautimous lil' pup, is half Corgi and half Bionic. She doesn't do much bored destructive chewing (i.e. socks, towels, chonies, etc) as long as she has playtoys. Problem is finding her ones she wont destroy in 20 minutes. Enter WagNWash, which has naturally shed Deer Antlers. Who would have thought? Now 8-15 bucks a pop is kinda pricey, but if it keeps my little Kong-Destoyer happy (and my throw rugs safe) it is worth it. Also love the fresh baked goodies, and the Solid Gold is reasonably priced. LOLA gets her first groom here this week, so I will report back later on how that goes...
5	After our 6-year-old cat had to be rushed to the vet with a urinary blockage earlier this year, we went online and did some research about the best type of cat foods. Wag N' Wash is one of the few places that carries organic, natural foods for dogs and cats. Our two cats eat nothing but Wellness Brand organic food now and they have never been happier and their fur has never felt so soft.We recently got a labrador/shepherd puppy for our children and our first stop on the way home from the pound was at Wag N' Wash to get dogfood and treats.With two cats and a dog, we're buying food every few weeks. The people at Wag N' Wash are among the nicest I've ever met and always happy to answer a question or take the time to make sure you have everything you need.
1	I went in once looking for Canidae.  Which according to their website bold print they carry, but not the fine print.  They don't carry it in all of their stores.  My dog has food allergies so I'm cautious about changing her food quickly but since it was about 7 pm and I was pretty much out of food on this day, I figured some food would be better than no food.  During my visit I learned many things.  Apparently Canidae is a inferior brand and ripped off its ingredients and packaging from Innova.  Innova is a far, far superior dog food.  Innova is awesome, Canidae is for chumps.  Innova is also more expensive and a smaller bag.  Nothing I couldn't afford but annoying none the less. Not wanting to create dog food controversy I bought a bag of the morally superior Innova.But when I checked out I was asked about four times whether I realized I was buying nibbles instead of bits.  "You know you have the nibbles. Are you sure you want nibbles?  We have bits if your dog prefers bits".She's a 70-lb lab that will eat anything except for vegetables.  I mentioned that the nibbles were fine."Are you sure you want nibbles?  We have bits if you want bits"?Dude, just ring up the freaking food and get me the hell out of here.  As expected, my dog ate the nibbles.  She felt superior for the month supply of Innova that she ate.  Then she went back to the ghetto and ate her  inferior Canidae.
5	There is so much crap out there for your dog, and the big stores don't have it all. Luckily there's Wag N Wash!First there's food.  Honestly most of it is awful. Why do people scrimp on dog food, ie; Science Diet, Purina, Beneful, Alpo, etc. These foods aren't good for your dog! Since when do dogs eat wheat? Rice? Do wolves and wild dogs eat those fillers? No they don't, so why feed it to your dogs? In my experience, if you feed your dog right your never going to the vet, really. Wag N Wash offers the best dog foods, at great prices. Foods such as Innova, Evo, Karma and California Natural (here is the website address: http://www.naturapet.com/). They also have raw food for your pooch for those extremists out there! Feed your dog well and he or she will be happier, live longer and rarely go to the vet! Second is toys! Wag N Wash does toys well. Lots of stimulating toys that you can't find at most stores, big or small. Toys for dogs are important, unless you don't mind chewed couches, shoes, etc. Toys stimulate your pooch, they keep them happy!Thirdly the staff rocks! They are very helpful as well as knowledgeable. They seem to be too nice, if only all restaurants greet there custumers as well as Wag N Wash! Funny thing though, I've never washed my doggie there. So I can't rate the wash aspect, maybe one day I'll take on the "tubs n suds", when I do I'll update. By the way yes, they do have cat food, toys, etc too!Wag N Wash is in a few markets in the US, they also have a website that could be more helpful........... http://wagnwash.com/
5	Update!If you happen to go and enjoy your experience at Wag N Wash, sign up for their frequent purchasing program. Yeah, you'll get the key fobs and card to use whenever you purchase something. There is one difference, they do send gift / discount cards! The typical card is $10 off a minimum of a $10 purchase. So far in 10 months I have received 3 of them. Great deal that really adds up!
5	I was one of the unlucky Phoenicians to experience a long-term power outage as a result of the monsoons, so I needed to take my pooch somewhere to cool off. It just so happened that I remembered Wag N Wash as my list of places to visit.First of all, a lot of businesses on the 7th ave strip can be hard to get to and find. Wag N Wash was really easy to spot and I had no problem getting into the parking lot.When we entered, the guys up front were really nice. I decided to get Penny's nails clipped and they took me back and I did not even have to wait. The clipping was $5 and went quick and smooth. No blood :) Boy, it is SO much easier to have someone around to help with nail clippings.I walked around to look at their selection and was extremely impressed. They had bag and canned foods of all varieties as well as a refrigerator with raw meats and pre-made foods. Another neat feature was a huge samples table. I have been wanting to try the Wellness brand for a while, and was able to take a pre-packaged sample home to try out. The owners were extremely knowledgeable about the products and able to make some suggestions about foods for a puppy.They also had a good selection of pet toys.I was most impressed with the "bakery" they have up front. They had a variety of homemade dog treats that I could not pass up. They smelled so good I wanted to eat them. Penny is too small to eat the treats unless I break them up into little pieces, but she absolutely loved them.I was also excited to be added to the discount club. Overall Wag N Wash was a really good experience and I will definitely be back!
5	There are 2 options for bathing your own dog, one involving you scrubbing, the other costs a few $ extra to have the soap and water pre mix and spray. It's much faster, works great, and is well worth it. The groomer who trims nails has a great natural way with dogs. For the most expensive do it yourself package + nail trimming, it was about $25. The baked doggie goods smelled so good, I wanted to eat some. The staff were friendly and helpful, I'll be back.
5	We love Wag N Wash and so does our monstah, Rally! He's always so excited to go in, even if his feet skid around on the tile like it was an ice rink.  The prices are average or slightly below similar smaller pet food shops and the people who work there are always helpful.  Their selection of toys is great.  The food tends to be on the hippier side of things so don't go in there looking for crappy PetCo stuff.  As far as the washing area goes, I love the concept and it always works well.  A raised steel tub with all of the accessories you could need.  Saves your back and keeps your semi-dry.  When he's not trying to eat the water from the spray, Rally really enjoys the tub area.  They also have a drying station but it is a bit loud for our pup.  Sign up for the frequent-buyer program.  We have easily saved $100 thanks to the coupons they seem to send us every month!
5	From the day I got my dog Rally, I knew I was going to treat him like my baby.  I only want the best for him, after all, he is my baby.Walking in to Wag N' Wash you are transported to a place where pets are the number one priority.  The owners recognize you and tell you welcome back.  They are extremely helpful and offer to help you make selections if they notice you lingering in a particular section like I always do.The selection of food is relatively small, but all the food is far superior to what you would find at any other pet store.  Nothing but the best for our pets in this store.  They even offer a list that tells you what ingredients to look for and which ones to avoid when it comes to choosing food for your four legged friend.There are tons of fun toys to choose from and the staff is happy to offer recommendations.  Although, if you have a super chewer like we do, stick with the solid rubber toys.  You do have to remember though, that with high quality comes a proportional price in the dog toy world.I LOVE the washing stations in the back.  It's always a lot of fun to take my Monstah there and scrub him down with the high quality shampoos and temperature controlled water.  I think he likes it too.  There are three levels of washing available.  With the Basic, you do all the scrubbing and use house shampoo.  The next level up you do all the scrubbing but you have your choice of premium shampoos.  The highest level offers the convenience of a self scrubbing nozzle and your choice of premium shampoos.  The prices are decent considering you're doing most of the work.  However I will pay a premium not to clean up after the mess.Bottom line, if you love your pet and only want the best, go to Wag N' Wash.  You will not regret it.
5	So.... i can't really speak to the 'wash' part cause the one time I tried to wash my 65lb hunk of scardy cat, thinks he's a lap dog, mutt...he, well.... pooped himself....  he was so traumatized that he didn't want to leave the house for a week for fear we might be going back to the place with the spraying water!  Oh well - I tried.as for the rest of the place...  I love it!Sooooo much better than going to a big box store.  Better stuff... better prices... personal service... wonderful, knowledgeable (and I might add attractive!)  staff.   They were even able to give me great advise to litter box train my developmentally delayed garbage pal kitty that just wasn't getting the concept.  (my animals are starting to sound really screwed up, huh?  that's not a reflection on me, is it? ) *anyway*  For a small place they have a great deal of variety, lots of fun dog and cat toys... and the gourmet treats?  Look and smell so good they make *me* hungry!Not to mention, the owners are great guys - very community minded and that goes a long way in my book.  oh and the rewards program is great, definitely worth signing up for.  If only they sold fish food - I'd never have to go anywhere else.Check 'em out.  Hopefully you'll have better luck with the wash than i did!
5	so upon walking in with my newly adopted mildly brain damaged chihuahua, i knew i had a slightly bewildered  look on my face.these lovely people took me under their wing and literally walked me around their shoppe and showed all they could offer my sweet little general fritz.i will be back for sure.
5	I LOVE the Wag!  Their employees know every item in the store, so any question you have about health, grooming, you name it, they know it.  I prefer to treat myself and my pets naturally and anytime I have needed something, they have had it in stock. Last year I used the self wash with my dog and found it very easy as they had everything I could ever want in a handy bucket - they really have thought of everything.  If you haven't stopped in to check it out, you should go next door and get a coffee and copper star and stroll around.
4	Love Wag n Wash!  The owner was SO helpful when we went in to get new harnesses and leads for our pups.  He helped us find the best options for us then actually spent the time to fit our dogs personally.  I had been researching "the best" healthy dog food and I was very pleased that they carried the line.  Very impressed with the toy, accessories and food options and AMAZING customer service!
1	Wagon Wash SUCKS! The owners are pushy and rude. They did not have my brand of dog food, Evangers White Fish & Sweet Potato, they made me feel that I was stupid and tried to sell me on one of their brands. The homemade treats have sugar, which is horrible for your dog!  For food and treats, I love Oliver & Annie, for a good dog wash, try Smelly Dog!
5	Having previously been customers of Smelly Dog, I was apprehensive about patronizing their competition. But, things change. And last night when I was making a last minute run for a travel water dish, WNW filled the void perfectly (even though it was 7:58 p.m. and they close at 8 p.m., the staff was super friendly--I couldn't say I'd have the same enthusiasm if I was in that situation). Today cemented my faith in WNW: the ice cream social was crazy awesome. As some may know, we had an addition to our family recently. Max is a 3 year old cocker spaniel who was approaching being placed in a shelter [one of my coworker's customers alerted her to his family's predicament and she came to me to intervene. Although Robert was scheduled to leave town for a week, we decided to give Max a chance that Friday night and he's blended perfectly into our home. Brady now has a new brother and I'm happy to report that they have grown rather attached.] Needless to say, we're still on the learning curve when it comes to Max's temperament, which was rather challenged in the presence of so many dogs Saturday. But, true to form, the staff remained encouraging (unlike some of the queenie bitches who weren't on leashes) and gave us hope that Max, like Brady, will be able to mellow out. Both of our kids had lovely, customized baths (Brady went for sleek and shiny while Max opted for citrus wash) which we were able to administer at our leisure. A bucket of washing goodies was brought out--brushes, shampoo, cream rinse, leave-in conditioner, towels and a wash cloth. The attendants were there to answer any questions along the way. The drying stations are separate from the washing basins, which was different from SD, but makes sense since now. While I agree some of the prices are on the high end, I'd much rather invest my money with a smaller business then dump my paycheck into Wal-Mart. If you're looking for Wal-Mart prices, you should expect Wal-Mart customer service. WNW is leaps and bounds above and beyond its competitors.
5	One stop shopping for your beloved four-legged friend!  Wag and Wash has replaced my usual dog food/supply store.  They offer an array of high quality pet food and even refrigerators full of raw food.  You can find great herbal treatments for your pets, toys, healthy treats, leashes, fancy bowls, etc., and they even have a counter full of gourmet treats for those special occasions.  I almost forgot the "Wash" from the "Wag".  They offer a place to pamper your pet with a fancy do-it-yourself wash or you can pay to have someone do it for ya.I suggest bringing your doggie to help you shop but be warned about the live-in orange tabby cat(s) sleeping around the store in case your doggie doesn't play nice with cats like mine.Kudos to Miguel, the store manager who is extremely knowledgeable and helpful.
2	Trendy pet shop. Big on style short on substance. The staff is better fit to work at Buffalo Exchange than a pet supply store. They lack basic knowledge of their products. They're reasonably friendly however. The manager/owner persuaded us to try some hippie dog food which made both of our dogs very ill. They have some good products but not as many as a store that claims to be a step up from PetSmart should have.  Noble Beast is a better bet.Pretty good place to wash your dog though.
5	My puppy loves to come here.  Not only did she get a lovely bath and haircut last time but we always find wonderful treats and toys.  This trip she got some great bones and a new collar.  If you need a gift for a pet lover, this is the place to come!  I got a friend some of the pup-cakes (dogfoodie cupcakes - super cute) and a doggy toy for a newly adopted pet.  And I love getting to see and pet the 2 kitties that are there - since I can't have a cat :-(
1	STINGY!!!!  I was a customer in the store, bought dog food and supplies regularly.  I gave them a donation letter and asked if they would donate to our non-profit auction.  I went to check back and buy my $45 dog food and they initially said they only donate to pet causes. I was shocked that they would not help out a regular customer.  They gave me a $13 bag of dog treats.  The cheapest and most begruding donation I received, hands down.  Kodi's Natural Dog Foods donated a 50lb bag of dog food.  I am no longer a customer at Wag n Wash, too bad, I love to support local business.
5	Dexter ALWAYS gets spoiled here!  After Washington Park, where he was coated in every doggie fluid imaginable, he needed a bath.  Badly.  I didn't want him bringin' no doggie herpes home!They remembered his name as soon as we walked in.  He's quite the popular puppy here.  I used to live across the street and he just looooves the place!After a quick tutorial in the wash area, my 7-pound rat terrier was ready to be scrubbed.  They give you a few different brushes as well as shampoo AND conditioner!  I never thought to condition my pet's coat before. He also needed his lil nails clipped.  I was whisked right in, even though the groomer was doin' a pomeranian.  It was quick and pain-free.Then, the treats.  Dexter loves the training treats!  We practice his tricks from school (PetSmart puppy class) every night and he devours the different treats.His favorite?  Peanut butter!  They had some star-shaped peanut butter treats and even a mini peanut butter pie, which he got a slice of.toys?  Tons!  Dexter needs squeakers.  Got him some long-ass, strange-looking pink dog that squeaks near its tail.  Bought it on Sunday and the dang thing already got decapitated.  There is white fluff all over my living room.  It's all good, though.  You can't have a 7-pound dog be a total wuss, you know?
4	Dog washing perfected!The staff here is hip and cool, everyone's always friendly, and the atmosphere is perfect. It's new and kept-up vibe make you want to return. Plus, the do-it-yourself dog washing is best in my opinion, because who knows your dog better than you? I know my dog doesn't like other people washing him, haha.
5	According to the adage, fools rush in where angels fear to tread. And so, only after my girlfriend and I suddenly found ourselves the new owners of a 6-week old Shih-Tzu puppy at 5:30 p.m. on Saturday, did we begin to realize the magnitude of our predicament.  Wag N' Wash is on our drive home, so we called them to see if they were still open, and they informed us that they would be closing at 6:00.  We hurried there, hoping we could make it before they closed.Our experience was top-notch.  Although we got there a few minutes before 6:00, nobody raised an eyebrow.  Employees at many places would resent having to help a customer who showed up at closing time, and would rush that customer.  Not here.  There were four employees cleaning and tidying up.  They all came over to meet our new family addition, and were genuinely happy to help us put together a "puppy starter kit."  Their suggestions were particularly helpful to me, as a first-time dog owner.  Even the groomer who was still there came out to meet her, and offered up a "sanitary" clipping and wash.  On Sunday, we commented several times about how much harder it would have been to have gotten through the first night if the good folks at Wag N' Wash hadn't been so awesome.  So we went back!
5	I'm more than a little ashamed that Wag N' Wash has been operating out of Melrose for three years and I'm just now discovering its unbrided awesomeness. My pug / French bulldog, Zeke, sheds like a muther so bathing him at home can be quite messy. So today we (well, technically Zeke didn't really weigh in on the decision) opted to check out Wag N' Wash and it was a convenient and fun experience.There are several attendants at the ready, waiting to assist and answer questions and they were quick to pick up on the fact that Zeke doesn't care for strangers getting up in his business none too much. They smiled and kept their distance while remaining attentive to my first-timiness needs.Rich and the gals at the cashier's counter were extremely patient and congenial as I weighed my add-on options and they gave me a nice recap on how Wag N' Wash originated and some of their more boutique-y offerings.While I got a little spend-happy, Wag N' Wash doesn't have to be an expensive stop. I think you can get in and out with a basic wash for a little over $10, which is a no-brainer value considering that using their wash and dry stations, plus grooming instruments and product, saves you a ton of time and money. I'll definitely go back next time Zeke needs freshening up.
5	I got 99 problems but a bitch aint one;  a male dog. however is. Buckley Minster Fullerinne 101 Simpson is my pride and joy, but everything is not always perfect. I have to admit to you that... Sometimes... he... STINKS. Just sometimes. He also loves to play in the lake at the dog park and his white parts all become muddy brown parts. He gets dirty. I tried bathing him at home once...If those walls could talk they would say "Jesus man! Control your dog; I am soaking wet!" Well the right tool for the right job, I always say.Wag n Wash has the right tools. It's a wash your own dog sort of place with all the hooks, leashes, nozzles and soaps to get your dog cleaned right. They even have special doggie colognes yo give your dog that extra edge with the ladies.Besides the dog bathing they have a great array of dog foods, treats (some fresh baked), toys, dishes, leashes, beds, tags, you name it they got it. Great stuff. Buckley loves to browse and I always pick up a tub of training treats because Buckley loves them and needs all the training he can get.
5	I've been going to the Wag N' Wash for three years - ever since I brought home Frankie, my toy Australian Shepherd. For the first two years, I fed him nothing but Wellness brand foods. It's a wonderful brand that's organic, with tons of variations- all/most carried at the Wag N' Wash. The owners are super knowledgeable about all of the food they carry, and actually suggested switching to the frozen raw meat when Frankie's stomach began to sour. It's been the only thing he can tolerate for over a year now, and thank goodness the folks at the WN'W carry a steady supply. They have tons of pet toys, treats, health supplements, leashes, brushes, beds, etc... they even sell doggie ice cream (which I bought for Frankie to celebrate both his first and second birthdays). And if you're in the mood for some fresh, custom treats, you're in luck! The Wag N' Wash also has a bakery where they sell a huge variety of treats. The "wash" portion of the Wag 'N Wash is equally as great as the store portion. They provide all of the supplies you could need for a wash, and the price is great - $15 for a premium wash! The staff is always available and interested to provide help or advice at any time. I'd have to say that coming to the Wag N' Wash is always a positive experience, and I'm so glad that I found it!
5	I have tried the other DIY dogWash spots and this place cannotbe beat.  Great products, customer service and atmosphere. I take a 85 pound dog there at least once a month for a selfWash. I reccomend the ultimate wash- it's so easy to get your best friend so freshand so clean-clean. Today there was a minor malfunction with a hose during our wash. The owner asked about it and apologized for the problem and cut the price in half. Now THAT is class and taking care of customers. In addition- they have a great selection of dog toys you will not find anywhere else. My bff LOVES the sea creature series of dog toys. Lastly, if you ever want to give yourselfA treat and have them wash your pup- they have amazing grooming professionals who know their stuff.
5	Roxy and I have been coming to Wag 'n Wash for a few years now, and I think she loves it as much as I do. I mean it's like Doggie Disneyland in there! They've got treats of every flavor, other animals to smell and play with, and toys of every size, color, and squeak option. Not to mention the bakery always smells pretty tasty (even to me) and she can usually sucker somebody into a free sample. But I love it even more for the "Wash". In order to fully appreciate my love of Wag 'n Wash, you have to do some visualization: Just imagine what it might look like when my nervous black lab (who back then was a petite 70-pounds-of-pure-muscle) decides to make a run for it about five minutes into her first bath. Wait, did I mention that I have concrete floors? (slip, slop, slide) Oh, and a doggy door that leads straight to the freedom of a mostly dirt backyard? (run, roll, rub) Yeah. It was not pretty.Needless to say, our first bath at Wag 'n Wash went much better. The staff that day was so awesome and helpful, and has been every time we've returned. All the employees there are friendly and patient with my complete lack of dog grooming knowledge. The self-wash prices are the best on 7th Ave and they have tons of shampoo options for all shapes, sizes, smells, and coats The tubs are plenty big enough, and everything I could possibly need to wash, scrub, comb, and rinse her was right there, which Roxy appreciates as I never need to leave her side. (We opt out of the doggie fur-dryer, cause it kinda freaks her out). I'm pretty sure the treats she gets from the fancy dog bakery on our way out helps her participation a bit, but I've never minded resorting to bribery.
5	This is the only place I shop for my dog.  great product. informed staff. And good services.  Plus the bakery is awesome!!!
5	After stopping in for a few treats and toys in the past, I decided to give Wag 'N Wash a try at grooming my Corgi mix, Mulder. We've tried Petsmart, and they did an ok job, but it took almost four hours. I was hoping Wag 'N Wash would beat that.Not only did Wag 'N Wash come in under half of Petsmart's time, they were cheaper by a good $20, and Mulder looks amazing! When I dropped him off at his appointment time, he seemed really hesitant to comply with Lydia, and it took a lot of willpower to leave him on the grooming table, but when I came back an hour and 15 minutes later, Mulder looked like his cheerful, happy self, but obviously happy to see me. Lydia said he was a great boy and was wonderful. I paid at the counter and declined a baked good - Mulder always gets an upset stomach from new food.I am very impressed with Mulder's new 'do. He's all thinned out and trimmed up for summer, and Lydia trimmed the hair on his little boy dingy like I asked, plus the fluffies in between his toe pads. She did a thorough and fabulous job. I've had dogs come back from the groomer's positively traumatized, but Mulder has been his normal self, so I assume her friendliness toward Mulder didn't mysteriously stop as soon as I was gone. I also appreciate that I can go into the grooming area with the pros, not like at Petsmart where I have to stay on the other side of the gate. We will definitely be back!My only complaint about Wag 'N Wash is how the owners tried to sell me on their food the first time I was there. My dogs have been eating Nutripet for years and years, and I am extremely happy about it. I don't appreciate being lectured on the amount of carbohydrates and protein, as if this is not information I have considered on my own. I don't buy cheap food - I make sure my dogs are getting what they need to be healthy, so please don't treat me like I am an uninformed purveyor of Kibbles N Bits or Pedigree. Still, I'll put up with it to have my handsome little man looking and feeling the way he does!
5	1.  WashEvery time I wash the dog at home I wreak havoc on two different bathrooms and by the end my dog still smells like someone with B.O. who just sprayed on some cologne.  And because I have a dog instead of children, I'm way too nice - that hose water is waaaay too cold.  So I dump warm bathwater on him and his under-sides never get clean.Wag n Wash provides a solution.  I mess up their place, not mine.  I use their warm-water hose to clean his underside.  Then I blow hair all over their establishment, instead of all over my bathroom.Paying someone else to wash the dog is preferred, but this is a reasonably priced alternative that works better than a home wash.2.  Food/AccessoriesMy dog eats healthier than I do, so I overpay for fancy food that uses ingredients I can actually pronounce.  Wag n Wash prices are equal to or less than Petco for my Solid Gold Wolf King - and I take comfort that my payments are going to a small business and not to a large corporation majority owned by some prince from a large oil producing country.  And their acessories are great too.
5	Oh--I love this place!  Even though I have toy breeds, washing two at a time can be time consuming. Using their professional equipment trying makes their coats shine--and they just smell sooooo good for at least a week. The employees are always helpful and friendly--I would recommend Wag N' Wash to anyone looking for cheaper way to groom their pet.
5	Homemade treats here are awesome and inexpensive!
5	I have become a regular of this fabulous dog coiffure.  The staff there is so friendly and helpful.  When you walk in you think you are in a bakery because of the fresh home made doggy treats they just took out of the oven!  They have a great supply of brushes and shampoos  it makes washing my dog actually a fun experience.  I love the blow dryers!  I have a golden and he sheds soooooo bad, so the dryers get out all that under neath hair that you never get out at home.  It is stellar clean too!   The store also have groomers who will do the work  and some awesome pet supplies and organic food.  It is a bit of a drive for me but totally worth the it!!
5	Staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about products. I had my dog groomed by Caroline and she was great! She was very good with my girl Minnie and she was much better here than at petsmart, where she had been groomed previously. They had great baked treats- I got her a little dinosaur cookie that was very cute! And all pretty inexpensive. I paid less for her grooming here than at petsmart. Plus the groom was only an hour and a half! Plus they have incentives to keep coming back, which is always a plus.
5	Just had to thank the staff at Wag n' Wash. for helping me grab some dog food and treats BEFORE they opened. I know what a pain in the arse it is to open early or stay open late, to help someone (even one who should know your normal hours of operation). This is another reason why I love this place. I was able to grab a coffee and make it home before kickoff. Thanks again!
5	I am relatively new to Phoenix and decided to try Wag N' Wash for grooming my two miniature dachshunds.  I called and made an appointment and took the girls in and Holly did the grooming.  When they were all done, Holly called me to come pick them up...they looked so great and they each had the cutest bow on their harness.  I made a second appointment which went much the same way only this time they were each wearing a cute bandana when I picked them up.  The grooming prices really aren't all that terrible for a large city and Holly did a really nice job on them.  Everyone in the store seems extremely nice too.  I would definitely recommend Wag N' Wash!!!
4	My dogs are going to love the treats and toys we got from Wag N Wash! This place is awesome. There's pretty much everything you need for your dog at this store, plus awesome service, plus a dog wash. So cool. It was my first time visiting this store but everyone was so helpful and all the dogs there seemed really happy and friendly, even though they were about to get a bath or they had just gotten cleaned! Also, they had an awesome selection of dog treats, that were of all different varieties, shapes and sizes. I bought a big tin of dog training treats and I'm sure my dogs will love them.This place is definitely worth checking out if you need something new for your dog or if your dogs need a bath!
4	The idea of paying for a self-wash seemed a little silly, but after trying it at home and making a big mess -- only to end up with the dog outside in the mud within minutes after the bathing, and leaving them so moist that a funky smell develops as they dry -- it became an obvious and worthwhile choice.My first experience with self-wash, at a nearby competitor, was horrible, but my time at Wag&Wash was so much better.The facility here is clean and fairly spacious.  The stainless steel tubs are sturdy, and the spray equipment and drains all worked well.  They had a rubber brush to use on the dog's fur while sudsing and washcloths available for cleaning ears, etc.I did have a little trouble with the suction-cup-leash that was supposed to hold my 70 lb dog secured to the front side of the tub.  It didn't.  A wet dog jumping over the edge of a slippery wet stainless steel tub that's elevated several feet over a slippery wet tile floor is not a healthy combination for the poor dog, who pulled a "Bambi on ice" and comically (but i'm sure painfully) spread all four limbs out in all directions and landed face first on the floor.  I asked for a non-suction-cup leash and secured him to a bar at front of the tub afterwards, but damage done.Just go with the basic wash; the pricing options for various extras aren't worth it.  Why pay an extra several dollars for a specific scent of shampoo, when there isn't a conditioner with the same scent, since the conditioner is what the dog ends up smelling like afterwards, not the shampoo?The blow dryers were powerful enough to blow out not only the water, but lots of leftover hair.  Sometimes the nozzle end blew off the hose, but i'd rather have the blowers be too hard than too soft.I feed rawmeatybones, so i didn't shop the food selection much, but the premium brands offered are expectedly pricey.  I did pick up a rubber brush for cheap de-furring.I will be back to use my frequent washer card.Check out the pic of poor, wet, sad Doogie.
4	This place is a great concept! The employees are very friendly, explain their products/services in great detail, & are always checking in with you to make sure everything is going great. I have had my two dogs in here twice now. They supply everything & clean up after your done! To be honest, my boyfriend and I find the whole experience to be fun & engaging. Who knew bathing your dogs could be so much fun? They use all natural products & offer great baked goods, made especially for dogs. I always get my dogs a couple of them afterwards as a treat for being so good. There is also a cute resident schnauzer who wanders around the place. The only down side is the price. It's a bit expensive, so we don't go super often. (I think the prices ranged from $13-20 per dog depending on the wash you choose).
5	How freaken AWESOME is this place!?!??! Ladmo our Shih Tzu was in need of a bath. We usually tackle this task at home or take him to Petsmart. Our bathroom tub is draining slow (most likely due to washing him at home, and it was Christmas eve, so there was no way of getting him a same day appointment at Petsmart) Enter Wag n" Wash. I remember seeing this place every time I would cruise the Melrose District but never stopped in. Boy Am I so glad we went in! It was crowded when we got there, we had to park about a block away and walk over. The store was packed, but we were greeted promptly. We told them it was our first time and we were here for a wash. They said it would be a bit of a wait, but no less then a minute went by and they called our name to go back to the washroom. We actually had FUN washing our dog. We did the middle package (I think it was $15, which included our choice of shampoo (We went with a whitening brightener since ladmo has a lot of white fur), conditioner, leave in conditioner AND doggie cologne! One of the staff came over and gave us the run down. Any time we had a question there was a staff member with in arms reach to ask. The blow drying also went reallllly well. Usually at home, when we get to the blow drying part, Ladmo losses his mind and turns into what closely resembles the Tasmanian devil...whipping about and biting us. At Wag n Wash he was calm, in fact I think he may have liked it. I will for sure give their grooming services a shot and see how that goes. The store itself has tons of great products for dogs and cats. Our cats went nuts over the organic catnip toys! Ladmo loves the training treats from the bakery area. So thankful for a place like Wag N' Wash!
5	Great place for a quick wash or a nail trim.
5	If you are looking for great service and friendly staff to assist you with your pet needs, this is the place to go. I have been bringing Snoop, our pug that we adopted from AZHS, to Wag N Wash for almost two years and they have never disappointed us. Snoop just had his first bath at their center and he loved it... was great not having to clean up the mess !! He even liked the blowdryers :)
5	This weekend I took my first trip to Wag N' Wash.... part accessory boutique, part delicious grocery store, part torture chamber.  My roommate took me here on saturday and i was pretty excited when I arrived.  They had his and hers fire hydrants out front, which is pretty cool.  I peed on one and we made our way inside.  First we checked out the food section. They carry my favorite brand, Taste of the Wild.  (Previously I had only found this at Kodi's on 16th St. and Bethany.)   Then I perused the accessories.  Nice necklaces and pretty awesome toys.  I found a super cool Stegasauraus and carried it around for a while. Then my rooomate says, "hey, let's go check out the back."  The back?  There's more to this awesome place?  Heck yes, let's go!   And then everything changed....  The door swung open to the back of the store.  I heard other guys in there crying.  What the hell was going on?  My roommate picked me up and put me into this steel box.  Some sort of medieval torture device.  (Dude, i thought we were cool, wtf?!)   Then he puts on an apron and gets to work.  Splash, bam, boom.... water torture!  Its a nightmare. Soap everywhere, i tried to escape but i was tied down.  After what felt like 14 years he turned off the water started to towel dry me off.  Then he gave me some cologne.  (That doesnt make this okay bro.)Finally i made my exit and back to the "front" of the store.  I rushed around and tried to warn all the other dudes and bitches in there, but none of them listened.  I think a few actually enjoyed that room.  Masochists.  So I made my roommate buy me some gourmet snacks.  Peanut Butter stars were good, but the little Cinnamon Rolls were my favorite.  I also got 2 frozen bison bones with marrow... which i intend on eating on my roommates bed and pillow as revenge.  Oh, and i got my Stegasaurus.  So go to Wag N Wash if you want some toys or food, it rocks... but whatever you do.  Stay. Out. Of. The. Back. Room.
4	Clean and easy to get into, I enjoy coming to this place. Also, it's one of the few places (if not the only place) in central Phoenix that sells organic dog food. My shiba inu loves it!
5	My doggy loves comin here.  I get here a birfday cake every year from here.
5	I live in Buckeye, but we make the drive to wash our dogs here.  Without naming other businesses in the same industry, I can tell you that wag n wash is not only slightly better, it is head and shoulders above the other self-wash pet places I have been to.  Price: $13 - basic (which is great for me since i bring my own shampoo), $15; and $17 (premium treatment), very affordableCustomer Service:  This place rocks!!  The employees are very good with animals; they take you to the washing station and explain to you how everything works and give you a bucket of all the things you will need (towels, shampoo, conditioner, 3 different brushes to brush out hair to start, another one while they are lathered up, and one to use while drying), the staff checked on us 4 times while we were washing!!!!  Unbelievable! the place we used to go near our house would not check up on us even once and they charged $15... if we need extra towels, or assistance with anything, anyone of the wag n wash staff are right on it! This is how you run a business!  When I had to transfer dog to drying station, one of the employees told me to hold on and to set a towel on the ground so my pet wouldn't slip!  Are you kiddin me?  That would not happen where we used to go(again not naming names)The dryers here also blow warm air!  We have been used to high power dryers that blow cold air, so the dogs are uncomfortable and they don't get dry. Thanks Wag n' wash!  keep your prices aggressive and competitive and customer service where it is, and we will be customers for life (or as long as we live within a 40 mile radius :))LOVE this place!!
5	We love this place. We got Miss V washed up with the highest package with an extra leave-in conditioner for her super shedding coat AND she got some hand baked peanut butter doggie treats (all for $22). SO worth it. Plus: all the employees are SO nice! And now that they are starting to carry her dog food (Blue Buffalo), we'll be headed to Wag N' Wash for her chow too.  LOVE.
5	I haven't washed my dogs here, but I buy our pet food here.  The owners and staff are super nice, and they have a frequent buyer program.  There are a handful of items they don't carry (like specialty Greyhound coats), but I haven't seen a store yet (except on-line) that does.  Don't be dismayed at the huge, fat cats (they self-feed from the bags).  They might hiss at your overexuberent dogs, but they don't scratch.
5	I've been going since they opened. I love this place bc they are always friendly and they carry my dog's brand of food. Even though PetSmart started carrying her food, this is the place I always come back to. My dog needs solid, strong toys and this place ALWAYS has the best toys for her. This is my go to place for fresh baked treats, dinner and toys for my puppy friend.
5	I have two Great Danes and only wish I had know about this place sooner. Now the hair and mess stays there and somebody else gets to mop up all the water on the floor. I love the constant flow of water/soap like a car wash where I can soap and scrub them all in one. It gets them way cleaner than I could ever do at home. They come home smelling great and hair free until they go out in the backyard a dig a hole and come back in the house with their faces covered in dirt. Oh well, we'll be back next week.
5	I really like this place! I was really impressed by how easy it was to wash my dog! The price is great and I love the fact that they provide everything I need. The staff was so friendly and helpful. I would have loved to look around the store, but my dog couldn't wait to get outside. She's not a fan of being groomed.
5	I've only taken my dogs here to wash once (plus once at the Colorado location) but it was great.  They are super user-friendly, i love the different options for packages, and though my dogs HATE taking baths, this at least provides the space for it to get DONE :)We more frequently visit the store for the merchandise side of things.  They have a totally adorable and reasonably priced doggy bakery (both my pups get treats on their birthday), and a great selection of toys.My only gripe is that while they are very healthy/green/eco friendly, they don't have more for things to keep your pups healthy (other than some treats for joint-health).Overall, though, this place is great.  Love it.
5	Always a great experience here! Nearly all the staff is knowledgeable about pet food and treats and what is recommended for your breed.We bathe our dogs here regularly and they always leave so soft and fluffy and smelling great. The music and fun, vibrant colors on the walls makes it a fun place to cross off one of your weekend chores!There is also a great selection of supplements.
1	I will never bring my Shih Zhus to this place again. Avoid Holly! She has caused one of my dogs a trip to the Vet after 2 separate groomings. First, a hot spot for cutting the hair too short on his scrotum and an eye injury for cutting the hair to short around his eye. The Manager didn't even offer to do anything for my trouble. A $140.88 Vet bill nor the $40 cost of the poorly done grooming.
5	Tip of the Cap to the Wag n' Wash staff!  I had never brought my dog into a groomers before and the ladies here took me and my pup in past their last appointment of the day and really help out before we had to leave on a trip. The summer cut looks great and I will definitely take her back! Sorry about the thick fur...
2	After hitting some other places and experiencing Wag N' Wash more I have to lower my rating. There are two main issues that annoy me. The staff pay is apparently commission, or at least sales, based. Which means that they will not leave you alone to just look around and make a decision about products! This would be less annoying if they were trained better I have received conflicting information from two different staff members about the same product...that raises a flag. One of them is wrong but they are really trying to sell stuff to you!Furthermore, their dog wash area is nice and well kept. However the dog baths require you to get your dog into them. Which is tricky if you have a big dog, especially after the wash when the floor is wet and you have to get the dog out. After my first experience, when my dog slipped, I asked a staff member if their was a better way that might keep my dog from hitting his legs when he slipped...they just nonchalantly said that it was what happened all the time.Even better, the drying area is separate from the washing area and requires you to take your wet dog into another room, lift them onto another platform and then use the driers on them. Why not just dry them in the tub?I'd suggest going to Smelly Dog up the street, their tubs lift up for you and you dry the dog right there, also their staff is happier and friendlier!
5	I freakin love the hell out of this place. With my previously passed dog, I used to take him for the self-wash which ranges from $11, I think to $17. This depends on the shampoo, etc that you use. There are blowers to dry your pets, too. For my newest dog, who doesn't need as frequent baths, I take her often for the nail trims. Her nails grow so fast and it is convenient to walk in and get nails clipped for $8. I think I get more excited at the prospect of buying her treats at the bakery counter. There is a great variety of biscuits, cookies, etc, and I love that they have "muffins" and "cupcakes" for your pets. There is also a plenty of pet food, toys, and gear. We also picked up some spray for shedding and sour apple spray for our puppy's chewing. They have a rewards card that sends you 5% when you spend $500. Wag-N-Wash is definitely a one stop shop for pet owners!
5	We always stop by this awesome place when we need to wash our dog! Staff is always super nice and helpful.. asking you periodically if any help is needed. Things are always clean and neat which is nice when you're dealing with tons of dog hair! They have a great selection of good-for-you dog food and are knowledgeable about what the differences are. Not to mention they have adorable little treats to give your puppy after their bath! This will always be our number one place for our pets!
3	Okay,decided to wander in for a look see.Was looking for a place to wash the dog,but found this place,while cute and all,to be a bit pricey do it yourself wash scenario.So I decided to see if they had a winter coat for the hound.Well,they did...for 60 dollars.Yes...SIXTY dollars.I was immediatly reminded of the scene in Working Girl where Tess  needs a dress to crash the networking party and she finds one in the boss' closet that had a hefty price tag on it.After hearing the price of the dress,Cyn exclaims,"It's not evun leathuh!!!"....I knew the sentiment.Now when I'm out and about with the dog,I routinely have random conversations with him.So dog is sitting there watching my expression over the price tag of this BS fabric dog jacket,and I tell him,"They want 60 clams for this!Hell,MY winter coat didn't even cost 60 clams!Sorry dog,you'll be naked a bit longer.They're fucking nuts with their pricing!"So we turn around to leave when I saw the sales guy standing right there after hearing every word of my convo with the dog.While I didn't mean to be rude,it's clear to me and my dog that we're not the yuppie hipster demographic they're going for at Wag n Wash.I've decided to go over to SAS and get some fabric and am going to make my dog's winter coat myself.Fo shizzle.
5	It's the laGrande Orange of Pet Stores.
5	Super cool dog wash place. Cheaper tan petsmart by like half or more. And also cheaper than Smelly Dog(down the street) and this place is really worth the money. It is a great experience for you and your dog.
5	Extremely friendly staff. Always a pleasant experience.  You can tell that the people who work here love what they do: dogs!Great relaxing place to wash and bond with your dogs.
2	I know I know. The rule of thumb is that cool people have dogs. Well, I'm pretty cool. But I am also just a me. And I also have a job. And I also volunteer. Which means I also don't have the time a dog deserves. So instead I have cat dogs. They may look like cats, but please don't let that fool you. I have dogs that use a litter box and that can jump fences. And that fetch. And that always want to play. I also have cats that can find nearly nothing of interest in wag n' wash. Even though they mention having cat supplies. And even though there's a cat in the store. And even though my cats wag their tails.  Probably great for dogs. But not cats.
5	I have been going to Wag N Wash since they opened. They have always been so helpful and kind.They are a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for. I have other resources to buy toys and beds, but I will always buy my pets food there. They carry high quality foods, which is what your pets should be eating!!! I love the bakery they have where you can buy fresh treats for the pups. I don't give my dogs many treats, but I do spoil them at times with treats from Wag N Wash. I even got my lab a birthday cake there once. He loved it. And so did the other pups at his birthday party. Nerdy, yes. But it was fun either way. I have used the bathing area a few times for my lab. Its kept very clean, they have great products and the staff has always been willing to help out. The only bad experience I had with that is they wouldn't let me do my dogs nails. They wanted me to pay the groomer. Well, I am a groomer, I'm not going to pay someone else. But I understand, that is their policy. I am always greeted warmly when coming in, helped while I am in the store, and always asked if I need help to my car. They even stayed open 5 minutes late for me once since I live so far away from them. You will not find that at ANY corporate store. I love this place and will recommend it to anyone!
4	We buy all of our pet food here, which is a little pricey but it's the healthiest food out there (Blue Buffalo) and it would cost the same anywhere else. I believe that after your 9th bag you get the 10th one free, or something to that effect. I would rather support a smaller pet store than shop at PetSmart.We have also taken our dog here for the Self-Wash. If I had it my way, we would wash him here every time! Because it was our first time, the friendly staff upgraded us to the most premium wash for free, which included 3 different types of spray shampoos, a blow dry and doggy cologne. My dog absolutely hated the bath while it was in progress (he's a scaredy-cat and I think the spray jets and the blowdryer scared him), but afterwards he smelled so clean and felt so soft that I think he was happy and appreciative!
5	Great selection of quality dog and cat foods, treats, toys, and everything in between! The staff is incredibly helpful, almost too helpful if that is possible! :) A friendly greeting is always offered when you walk in the door and they are always able to make great recommendations on food and toys. When using the self dog-wash center, the staff was available to lend tips and make sure everything is running smoothly. I love the healthy and natural foods they offer - a striking contrast to chain pet stores - and their prices are very competitive. They have an impressive collection of dog toys, although the cat selection is slightly limited, and the toys are in the higher value range (a problem when you have a dog that instantly destroys any toy you bring home, no matter how strong it is!). They have two very chilled out cats that are lounging around the store. They are usually hanging out on the counter or a raised cat house, but just be aware of you have a cat chasing dog. P.S. I love their frequent customer deals - after you buy multiple bags of food you receive one free!
5	I take my two dogs there who are well over 50 pounds with LOTS of fur! The staff is always very helpful and I love that they take care of the mess! Great place with great prices
5	Wag N Wash is the place for dog lovers to shop in central Phoenix.  Friendly customer service every time, a great selection of dog food (and your 10th bag is free) and dog toys that you won't find elsewhere. My dog is a fan of the Elk Horns, a wonderful and eco-friendly toy that is cheap and keeps him happy for 6 months!Also, this is the place to give Fido a bath. While I'd rather do it at home and save a few bucks, we did a bath here once and they make it super easy to get your dog super clean.
5	My Puppies Love this Place! When Banana was a little one she had a big problem peeing on anyone she came across. Wag and Wash accepted Banana with open arms. And always had a mop and broom available when it was due for her nail appointment. She has always been happy with the specialists assigned to clip her nails or give her a good brushing.Now that Banana has a sister they enjoy Wag and Wash together. And now that the selection of dog food and dog toys has grown they can roam the store for hours, grabbing one of every toy from each bin! The Birthday Cakes are always a fun treat for any Pooch. If the Posh Cakes are not for you there are a variety of freshly baked snacks available to choose from.Thanks Guys! We Love the Improvements!
5	Great staff..great products...fun and affordable bath time = happy doggie.
5	This is such a great place for my working dog Micah and me. Everyone cares so much for him and helping me keep him healthy.
5	Just stopped in to Wag n Wash for the first time today - WOOHOO! I am so happy I found them! I have 3 dogs - a big hairy beast, and 2 pugs. I took the big hairy beast in to wash him - the bath tub at home just wasn't cutting it. For a super reasonable price (17 dollars at the time this was written) and I got a squeeky clean dog! The high power wash nozzle let me get all the way thru his fur - easy to hold on to and change between soap, creme rinse and clear water. The tubs were nice and deep - but had a side that dropped down to get the beast in the tub. And above all else - THE PLACE WAS CLEAN!  it did not smell like wet dogs :) The price for washing included all the extras, towels, washcloth, brushes and scrubbers and spray in conditioner as well as doggie cologne. The dryers worked great - the drying stations are super deep - enough so you can sit on the edge as you dry the dog. Lots of power - long enough hoses that I did not feel like I was wrestling an octopus and the dog.The front of the store has everything your four legged friend needs - great choice of all the good foods for the mutts - and the staff was super knowledgeable!I loved it so much - I took the big hairy beast home and got the pugs and took them for a spa day also :)And the antler chews for the dogs that they recommended were AWESOME! (and they don't stink!)I ended up finding the harnesses I was looking for for the puglets - and the brace lead - all at a competitive price with the online retailersand the best thing about all this - I SHOPPED LOCAL!Can't wait to go back :)
4	Great place, but constantly up sells washes!
5	Outstanding. Great staff, very helpful and friendly. Fun environment. Our dog has never looked so good!!
5	We took our two greyhounds there for a much needed bath - being that it was too cold to bathe them outside.  Everyone did really well.  Great customer service and a really nice retail area.  Pretty much anything involved with grooming they have to offer whether you do it yourself or have them do it.  Highly recommend!
3	My 5 month old bullmastiff puppy was in desperate need of a bath, and being that my husband was at work, I was on my own with getting him clean. Instead of wrestling with him in the bathtub at my home, I figured it would be easier to take him to a DIY place. I went to Wag 'n Wash and opted for the basic, which is around $13. This included; towels, brushes, shampoo & conditioner, an apron, and drying station. I start the cleaning process by putting my dog in the tub. This was not an easy task being that the tub is 2 feet off of the ground, my puppy is 70 lbs. and I'm clearly not a weight lifter. Fortunately one of the staff members helped me get my puppy into the tub, it still wasn't easy, but we eventually got him in there. So I get him washed and clean, and then he needed to be dried. So I again, have the task of getting 70 lbs. of puppy out of the tub and into the dryer area (quite the struggle). I get him over to the dryer area and realize again, that I will have to lift him up another 2 feet so I can use the dryer. This time he's sopping wet, fortunately one of the staff members again helped me lift him up, but it was still a struggle as his was slipping, sliding, resisting and then resulted in being sopping wet myself. I then attempted to dry him while simultaneously trying to keep him from jumping off of the 2 foot platform, since the leash that was connected kept loosening due to my dogs weight. After a while, I just gave up and left him half dry as it was too much of a struggle. I'm not sure if I would attempt to do this again, as I went here because I thought it would be easier than doing it at home by myself. It seems as if this place is not setup for large dog breeds, maybe if they added some step stools it would've been less of a challenge. The staff was very nice, but I came here as a convenience and it was actually more of a struggle. They do however have a very nice selection of dog toys. I purchased the pup a Vibram ball that seems to be holding up very well.
5	GREAT staff...David was very accommodating. Friendly and extremely helpful. Showed us how to work all the equipment, checked on us several times to see if we needed anything, even opened a brand new brush out of the package because ours was slightly broken. Very satisfied, we'll definitely be back.
5	I ALWAYS take my dog to Wag N' Wash to wash her myself. It's cheaper than a groomer, a million times easier than doing it in the backyard, and they provide absolutely everything I need right at my fingertips. I can bring in my own products as well, and they have handy areas to store items for immediate use, or for later use.Because they are so user friendly, and my dog and I have had such good experiences here, I now offer Dog Washing for my Arizona Dog Sitting Clients, and I bring them here. I use the Do-it-Yourself ULTIMATE wash. It is, hands down, the best way to do it.Basic Wash - $13.00   Premium Wash - $15.00     Ultimate Wash - $17.00The Ultimate Wash Provides a removable shower head type water system, and it infuses with their shampoos and conditioners. They have a GREAT selection of skin treatments, Oatmeal, Dirty Dog, Tighty Whitey (for white dogs), and Hypo-allergenic, and an external bottle of leave-in conditioner. I never have to worry about overdoing the shampoo and getting it all out, or missing a spot. The mobile water head does it for me. I'm going to quote their website to explain, because they do it better than I do.From their website "The Ultimate Wash system fuses a constant supply of fresh water, shampoo and air. This process produces a sudsing, combing action that easily penetrates the coat to break up oils and wash away dirt and dead under coat. The Ultimate Wash includes shampoo, conditioner, leave-in coat shiner & skin moisturizer." It's not like a car wash where it's on a timer. You can brush your dog out first, and spend as much time as you need cleaning and drying your dog, and no one looks at you funny or gets impatient.  They always have a Stewart in the room that is happy to help if you're having any trouble, need an item, or a little extra help, even if you have three dogs and you've been there six hours. Although I do suggest bringing one dog at a time. It's easier. If you aren't comfortable trimming the dogs nails, they charge $10.00 for a Nail Trim and $15 for the Dremmel trim.The only problem I have is that their blow dryers are very loud, and sound like a vacuum, which many dogs dislike. They do provide plenty of towels, and I've never been anywhere that had a better blow dryer. The center is in an interesting area for both me and my dog, so I can go out and air dry her a little, then bring her back in to dry her a little more, and they'll let me leave everything I need right where it was, so I come back and just pick up where I left off. If your dog groomer is too expensive, your backyard dog wash is a nightmare, and forget about the tub dog wash - there are no words strong enough to describe how awful that can be - bring your dog to Wag N' Wash. You'll be glad you did.
5	This place is so great, it makes me wish I lived closer.  The staff are all very kind and know so much about dogs' nutrition.  All three times I have gone in I have gotten excellent and thorough service.  I thought they must get commissions for sales but it turns out they don't.  I didn't try the wash area yet but it looks user-friendly.  The options for homemade treats, cool toys and high-quality pet foods really impressed me.
4	I love taking my dog there to be washed. The staff are very helpful and friendly. Their items and food items are so expensive. It would be nice if there are some inexpensive items. Other than that we love washing our dogs there.
5	I love this place! They are all so helpful and knowledgeable and they LOVE DOGS!!!   Wish that were the case everywhere!  These people are just the best.  Great service every time I go!  Great selection and suggestions in regards to chews and toys and health aides.  The groomer with the long blonde hair is fabulous!  She loves her job and all the dogs and she does excellent work!  I have had groomers do shotty work on my dog for half the price and this woman knocks it out of the park for a bargain 45 bucks!  They also have a great rewards program and you can't beat the self service wash!!  Don't be intimidated, the awesome employees will help you figure it out!  And not just the first time but as many times as you need (like me).  They also have natural healthy fresh baked dog treats and birthday cakes for the big day!  Would you believe they were sold out the night I went to get one on my dogs birthday?  Go early or call it in!  The staff is also very well versed in where to take your precious pets for all your needs that can't be met there.  If you have never been please go see for yourself!  These guys are all just dialed and not just one on one occasion but everyone I encounter every time I go.  Oh how I've missed quality service and competent people.  It's always clean too!  I love this place and my puppy does too!
5	I bring my dog here twice a month and I love it. No appointment needed (unless you get them groomed which I do not) and for less than $20 I get her nails clipped and I wash her myself. They provide the supplies and I apply the elbow grease. It's much easier than washing her in my tub or sink at home.Additionally, the food that I get her is pricey, but it is no pricier at Wag 'n' Wash than it is anywhere else, online included. They have healthy, natural snacks that aren't full of additives and preservatives. I am part of their rewards program, so the 11th bag is free (she is 14 lbs, so it might be two years before I get a free bag) and you get discounts every $300 you spend. I don't know if it is always the same discount or not, but the discount I received was for 10% off my next purchase or a free wash.Staff is always super friendly and knowledgeable. I will be back this weekend to get the pooch's Freddy Krueger claws under control!
4	High quality dog and cat food, average prices for a small locally owned place, and a nice selection of toys and treats. We've never taken our dog here for a bath, but they are very friendly and make dogs and owners feel welcome. They have a great selection of canned cat food--much much healthier than the large chain store options. They're always helpful and ready to recommend a new brand of food--10th bag is free with a Wag N' Wash card. Definitely check it out if you're in the area!
1	My boyfriend took my dog here to get his nails clipped today. We are sometimes too nervous to do the job ourselves, because we want to make sure we don't hit the quick of his nails. I usually love this place and the little baked goods they sell, but after today, I don't think I will bring him here to get grooming anymore at all.The lady that clipped my dog's nails was super rough with my him and she made my dog's nails bleed really, really bad. My boyfriend, Roberto, described seeing blood everywhere! The lady that did his nails also had a pretty bad attitude about even having to do the job in the first place.I am very disappointed, because I thought this was a cute place and a little shop that I would like to support, but now, I'm scared to go back. When we took my dog to Petsmart, they cut and grinded his nails for a much smaller price, and they did not hurt him.
5	Awesome
2	Have taken my dog here once before to Holly (my neighbor referred me to her). Holly did an excellent job and I rescheduled with her. Had to change my appt and was put with someone else that was available on the day I needed. I called to double-check the appointment time only to find out my appointment was never moved to the new day and that now I couldn't get in. HUGE inconvenience because my doggie is getting surgery and that's why I moved the date up. I realize errors will be made but come on! And when I reminded the scheduler about our original conversation and guessed that he just "forgot" to make the switch, he put me on hold and someone else got back on with a lame excuse. Poor customer service...I won't go back, even as good as Holly is.
1	Took my two little dogs in for a wash. Unfortunately, there was no hot water. The dogs were shivering the entire wash. Very sad. :(
4	Wag N Wash is my go-to place for specialty pet items.  They have a great selection of high quality pet foods, treats, toys, and accessories.  They've even got a bakery for pet treats.  I take my dog here regularly for grooming as well.  The employees are really friendly and you can tell they genuinely enjoy animals.
5	The staff here is friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable. I have never had to wait and its a great atmosphere for the pets. I really like the high powered dryers they have for the dogs. They are dry in no time at all. I can not say enough nice things about this place.
2	I'm new to the area, and on my way home from the coffee shop, I decided to stop on in. After all, I needed a new collar for my pup. I was greeted right away. Aggressively greeted, but greeted none the less. The gentleman who helped, was clearly the store manager and me spared no enthusiasm, and even up sold me to buying a new tag for the dog, too. I didn't need it, but no harm in a new shiny tag for my babe. There was a quiet but seemingly sweet young lady behind the counter performing some kind of pet store task, and being interrupted every 35 seconds... By the gentleman who sold me on my choices and was supposed to be ringing me up. He stopped my transaction more than three times to ask her to say hello to customers who were already AGGRESSIVELY greeted by him! It took so long to just pay for the collar and tag, due to the over greeting and micro managing. I was so exhausted when I left, I said to my friend "Remind me never to go there again"Great concept. But the guy running the place is just too much. I won't go back to see how grooming services are. Not if I have to deal with that guy, anyway.
5	Ok...I have been here a few other times to buy items for my kid's dog and for my mom's dogs too. But this was the first time I was there to buy items for my own dog that I just adopted tonight. I can't review any of their services as I only purchased supplies. Emily was the associate that helped me and she was super sweet! I was greeted nicely too by her and a male associate. Emily answered all my questions and DIDN'T pressure me to buy anything I didn't need. She made suggestions and I made the final decision. Based on previous experiences and tonight's I will definitely be going back in the future.
4	I have been in to the Wag N Wash a couple times, once to buy cat food and once to get my puppy groomed. The people who work here are helpful and seem to be knowledgeable about their products. There is a long wait to get your pup groomed, we had to schedule 3 weeks out, so keep that in mind. They did a good job on my puppy and were very reasonably priced. I will definitely be frequenting the Wag N Wash for grooming and pet care needs.
5	Best Dog Store Ever..Im a repeat customer..They always remember my dogs name.. what she needs..They don't remember me but thats ok..Super friendly, helpful.. I won't go anywhere else..My dog actually LIKES going there.. wowOnly negative: some groomers are better than others, find your favorite.
4	I took my two babies here and it was awesome. They're not fans of bathing, but the deep tubs and the hoses made everything so much easier. They provide you with an apron, brushes and all the different kinds of soaps. The only complaint I have is the price. With the de-shedding option, I ended up spending $20 a piece on the dogs and an extra $10 each for their nails to be clipped. Walking out spending $60 to wash my own dogs is kind of crazy to me. But it was fun and the doggy bakery was really cute. I'd probably come back, just not every time my girls need a bath.
5	Love this place...friendly and knowledgeable staff always ready to help. Highly recommend.
5	Great place with amazing products. This is my one stop shop for all my pet needs. I consider myself a pretty exclusive member because I'm always greeted with "hello Jasmine, how are you today? How's Ramses" it sounds silly but the fact that they greet me  and my pet by name and know exactly what I'm in for makes it feel personal! I have 2 picky yorkies and a Pom-mix and they absolutely love their wag n wash treats! Their baked goodies are very reasonably priced and it's nice to know that all their selections are reliably sourced. I'm never worried when they have pet food recalls because I know all their products are hand picked. WagnWash also makes cute birthday cakes for all size dogs. I love this place and my fur babies love making trips over with me.
5	First time going there to do a nail grinding. Staff went above and beyond and even remembered my name. Staff was courteous and always willing to help. Next time definitely trying out the self wash for my dog.
5	Have been here a few times for Busters joint treats and his grooming. Love the staff and the place. It's always a warm greeting and friendly faces. Much better than any Petsmart or Petco.
5	This is a great place, and the verity of services/goods offered makes this the ideal choice for all of our pets needs.Five stars!!!
1	This was my 2nd time at Wag n Wash. I walked in at 6:45 PM yesterday, the store was completely empty aside from me and the 2 workers.  "Can I help you?" the young bonehead asked. "Yeah can we get a wash started.""You can if you can do it in 12 minutes," the idiot employee representing this small business says. This place closes at 8. Now there is a sign in the store that says "start your wash 1 hour prior to closing." But hey... I, a customer was there in person, not over the phone and the joint was empty. I have worked in animal care for a large rescue and I have cleaned up after 30 animals all by my lonesome in less than one hour. So Wag -N-Wash and your band of idiotic employees, surely 2 employees can clean one bath stall in less than one hour to accommodate a customer. I would have happily cut my bath short and kept it to 30 minutes, leaving these "workers" with 45 minutes to clean 1 stall. "We're open tomorrow," idiot says on my way out.This is the future of our country. Lazy, brain dead fools with zero customer service skills, zero drive and zero work ethic. NEVER again Wag-N-Wash. Never! Owners get a clue. You're allowing these flunkies to run your business.
5	Wonderful place for dogs, my dog has never looked so cute and wonderful smelling.  The groomers are meticulous and have a great sense of humor!  I took my mini Aussie for a groom and they spent the time to make him just how I wanted him to appear.  They did try to sell me on their pet foods but were not too pushy.  I thought the pricing on the foods was astronomical.  The toys though were great and perfect for chewers like mine.  I ended our visit with my pup smelling like candy, a new toy and pet friendly chocolate cookie for him, and a smile on my face.  Staff is friendly and I didn't feel like the number I do at the big box places.  I also saved $20 on my groom versus Petsmart.  Thanks Wag N Wash
4	Love this place!!!
5	What a CELAN place to self groom my senior 16 1/2 year old Llasa Apso , Miss Sophia Marie !  The staff was great , and  informing .  First visit here and I think I found a NEW place to groom my lil lady .  Customer service was excellent , I was assisted by Beau who stopped by as I was grooming my dog to see if I needed any thing or help .  Awesome service !   I WILL be back with my other dog to this place !
5	We usually come to Wag n wash for the delicious baked goodies, but today I decided to try their grooming services. My pup Milo got a groom from miss Raquel and he looks absolutely perfect!! She took the time to listen to my requests and followed every single one of them. This is the first time that I don't feel like I have to wait for his hair to grow out in order for it to look good. Love this store!
5	First time visit today to get my Lawrence a self wash. Super easy set up and very helpful friendly staff. I'll definitely be back.  This is my new 'go to' place for my pups needs :)
5	I have to say this is one of my favorite places in all of Arizona. I have many dogs and many cats and I am truly treated like family at this establishment. Everyone here is just amazing! The owners are two of the greatest guys they have even helped my son out, who also works there! In time of need. With rides when his bike broke down etc. The quality of food they have for their dogs and cats is outstanding. I literally am in there twice a week getting treats and different stuff for my dogs. My dogs are groomed there by some of the best groomers in the valley. Holly is awesome Kevin is awesome Val is awesome they are just downright awesome people. No I was not paid to write this! Haha. This is how I truly feel. Danika is an amazing person! Truly. I am greeted with a hug and a smile and she knows exactly what my dogs one it's just fabulous! Emily who is the manager is a sweetheart Britney is wonderful, Beau is a cool dude too super super nice!!!   Richie one of the owners, gave my son a chance when he was 16 years old to work there. He is now 18 1/2 years old and still there! He could not imagine working anywhere else he truly loves it. Obviously when he's older he will move on to other things but right now his heart belongs to wag n wash!! And so does mine! Oh and also. My dogs love it too!!!!!!!!
