4	When I lived in Las Vegas, the Venetian became my second home.  Poker games are available en masse in Vegas, but it was hard to beat the selection and comfort of the Venetian room.  WIth plenty of space, constant cocktail service, and a dealer staff that remembered you after your second visit, it was easy to always feel welcome within the walls.Good comp rates and private parking for local regulars certainly wasn't hurting their cause.  Neither were their very solid tournament schedules and structures... including the Deep Stacks Extravaganzas.What really impressed me was the management's willingness to listen to the players.  When they wanted to start spreading PLO or 7 or 8 game mixes, they were always open to finding a way to put it on the schedule, and get some cards up for players that were interested.  Where other card rooms would put the rake first, Venetian took the time to make sure the players were heard.
5	This place is awesome. The decor is relaxing and the mood is always good. The staff are all very friendly and the other players are usually fish. The rake makes you feel like they're doing it for your benefit and not a profit, although I'm sure they make enough. The drinks are great including coffee bean inspired coffees and strong mixed drinks. After playing in a lot of awful poker rooms in Vegas, I've decided that I will only play here when in town.
4	One of the best poker rooms in Vegas.  Loose aggressive action in the 2/5 nl games makes for a fun weekend!  Staff are accomodating and waitresses are easy on the eyes!
5	I go to Vegas quite often and usually at least once during my trip, I get my poker action on at this poker room.  This is one of my favorite rooms because you'll always be able to get a seat quickly. Due to the spacious size, there's a lot of room in between the tables so you're not squeezing to get into your seat after coming back from the bathroom or bumping into the back of the chairs trying to get out! They also have my favorite water: Fiji water, and of course the complimentary top shelf alcohol !! Not only that - the best dealers and floor!! :) If you're into tourneys... The Deep Stacks is such a great tourney to get into... and of course their 7pm nightly!
3	Great cocktail service and it's spacious, yes, but there's no jackpot! Lame.
5	Like everyone else, I'm going to blow sunshine up the ass of the Venetian Poker Room. Good tournaments, always have cash games running, solid staff, good cocktail service.5 stars for one of the better poker rooms in Vegas.
5	The Venetian poker room is the place to play on the strip now.  The room is spacious and the games are well run.  The poker room management is willing to try to start any game you request and offers a wide variety of games outside of Texas Hold'Em.  There was always an Omaha or Mixed (including HORSE) game going while I was there which gave plenty of options for poker.The waitress' were hit or miss over the 4 days that I played there - but for the most part they were attentive and always got your order correct.  The tableside food service was a nice option as well.The poker room staff did a great job of lowering the rake when games were not filled.  This really puts the poker players first and was much appreciated by the players.They comp at $1/hour of play - which can pay off with a lunch or two over a weekend of poker.
5	Oh Venetian Poker Room... I've danced with Bellagio, and the Wynn, and Excalibur (ugh) among others, but I always come back to you. From now on it's just us, ok? Never change. This is a great place to play poker, there is actually space to walk around and the staff is all attentive and friendly. Although the drinks could come around a little faster, cheers for carrying Bombay!!
5	Solid dealers, spacious room, high tech features out the ass, and a floor staff and management that actually give a shit. You would think it would just be about the dealing but you would be wrong. This place feels like a home away from home when I want to play some poker and have a good time. Oh, and they will basically spread any game you want. Can't beat it!
1	I just can't seem to win in this place even with outrageous amounts of luck and skill. Rigged I tell you, rigged.Next time I'm betting on the house or going back to the Palazzo.
5	A classy poker room!  Just the right size.  I have been to many poker rooms in Vegas, and I can say this is one of the best.
5	Love this place.  Big, clean, and nice looking, with good dealers, plenty of TVs, and good service.  And a coffee station.It's always easy to find the table you're looking for here.  But the best part was they let us rent out a table for a private tournament among the group I was here with.  $65+10 per person, with a dealer, same deal as at the (no longer extant) poker sites, but in person and waaaaaaay better.  Do it.
5	I like the atmosphere here. I have gambled here quite a few times and for the most part I won money. Dealers here are nicer in the sense of etiquette because other casino's the dealers can be such jackasses. This place has a bigger section for tables with a variety of games. I do take notice that in almost every casino, slot machines take up the most space, which is what I am curious to know. Overall this place is clean and well maintained. If you get hungry there are a few places you can eat that is nearby.
5	Probably my favorite room for cash games.  The staff is very helpful, dealers are friendly, efficient and most of the cocktail waitresses are at least a solid 7 out of 10.  There's always action and you can find most low/midstakes games you're looking for.  I also feel like the nicer the casino, the better shot you have at sitting with players that have money to burn and can reload a few times.  Having the option to eat while playing is a plus too.  I wouldn't do it though.  Touching poker chips and then eating fries sounds gross.  I hate the DOJ for shutting down online poker in the US but if I gotta play live...I'll play here.
4	Huge, always busy, tons of tables, lots of action, very open with very tall ceilings, what's not to like? Bonus, the escalator to TAO is right next to the poker room....refreshing scenery after staring at ugly mugs for hours. Its a must go poker room. No bonuses but great perks for having a Grazia players card. I give it 4 out of 5 stars just because I don't find the dealers to be as friendly as some other poker rooms, but then again they are extremely busy and deal with a lot of sh*t from the huge amount of players. Dude you know you can't use a computer at the table, no you cant take pictures, and no I don't care how much you won online last week......every kid says he won 10 grand last week online....sure.  Oh, and if you are falling asleep at the table, go home. If you're drunk, please come take a seat!
4	Had my best sessions playing 2/5 and 5/10 NL back in 2010.  Comfortable seats and mostly friendly dealers.  Tons of fish roaming during really busy convention weekends that usually have few hundred bucks to blow.  The drunk players coming upstairs from TAO are the easy targets.  Added bonus is they offer Fiji bottled water.
5	Definitely my favorite poker room to go to when I'm in Vegas  It doesn't look too glitzy like the other high end poker rooms and it doesn't look crappy at all like the smaller poker rooms in Vegas.The one thing I like the most here is that their small tournaments offer up a pretty decent prize pool.  On weekends, you can make a pretty good penny for not much of a buy-in because of the enormity of the players participating  Sometimes, you can see a famous poker pro or two or a bunch...that's cool because I idolize them.  I wish I could make a living playing something exciting as poker.The dealers for the most part are passive and don't engage too much in frivolous conversation but it's OK because sometimes stakes are high and mindless jabbering shouldn't be apart of the table talk.Another plus is that you can order food and eat there although I've never actually done it.  They also have masseuse ready when the grind gets a little to stressful or long.  Not only are their hands strong and welcomed, but most of them are cute to boot.  A massage, poker, and drinking it up...it doesn't get any better!
5	It really doesn't get much better.- TOP SHELF alcohol at the poker room served by gorgeous cocktail waitresses.- Outstanding service - great dealers and managers.- Good food straight to the table.- Tons of food options since you're in the Venetian.- Great location on the strip.My favorite poker room in Vegas.
5	Fast becoming my favorite poker room in Las Vegas...why?Is it because of the ambiance? NopeIs it the nice scent they pump in through the ventilation? NopeIs it the pretty cocktail waitresses and massage therapists? NopeQuite simply, this large poker room has more donkey's per square foot than other rooms and for some reason, I always win here!
5	Best poker room I have been to in LA or Vegas-Plenty of tables and games-Most comfortable chairs-VERY friendly and knowledgable dealers and floorpersons-Good action
3	Very cool place, nice casino floor, waitresses offering free drinks often is great. High buy ins at most tables though, would like to see more variety for the casual gamer. Some of the people take it too seriously and that can take away from the fun of gambling. Overall good experience, actually left the casino with more money than I gambled so I guess I shouldn't complain. Been to this hotel 4 times now and have never been disappointed.
4	if i could give 3.5 stars, i would.  if you stay at the palazzo like i did, you have to walk over to the venetian to get some rounders action.  pretty large poker room, with really good number of TVs visible from almost every seat (great when you've laid down some bets at the sports book table right outside the poker room).they also have food service, but i saw that the food was pretty pricey and that they also tack on a delivery charge, so i'll pass on that.overall polite and professional dealers
4	No jackpot hands! But nice size table room.
5	Love it.
5	From the first time I played a hand here years ago to the tournament last week, this is THE poker room in Vegas.The place fills up quite a bit, but there is still enough room to get around and the high ceilings create a great playing atmosphere.Drinks are top notch and the only place I have been able to get a mojito.They also have coffee self serve setup, so if you need a quick jolt of caffeine, you can walk over and grab a cup.The downside is that since the place has been packing in, the tournaments have moved out into the main floor and you are exposed to smoke and obnoxious non- stop pounding from the slot machines.  People also tend to hang on the ropes and peer over players' shoulders.  I heard that they are working on expanding the room to accommodate tourney play; similar to Caesars.Also, some of the cocktail girls are a bit stuck up and even though I have tipped a buck for water and 2 for a mixed drink, they give you the evil eye.  Last week, one stopped asking if I wanted anything after 2 drinks and $2 tip each time.  Oh, well.
5	If a friend who liked poker were going to Vegas, I would definitely send him to the Venetian.  I came for the cash games, not a tournament, and had an excellent time here.  At 9:30 a.m. on a weekday morning there were still several tables of NLHE, and I got a seat after waiting for less than ten minutes.  The atmosphere was professional without being posh.  The players were competent, but not intimidating.  They were friendly, too, other than one player who got mad and stormed away from the table for a while.  The dealers were pretty good, though one of them exposed two cards and kept dealing others into a spot on the table where they would get stuck under the railing.  I'd never played in a card room before, and they were patient in getting me into the rhythm of the game pretty quickly.  (P.S., I'm sure everybody else knows this, but I'll mention it since I didn't-- you have to buy your chips with cash, you can't use a credit card.)
5	There are only 3 legitimate Poker Rooms in Vegas. Wynn, Venetian and Bellagio, anything else is over rated. You got great games, all over the place and tournaments. So, i highly suggest coming here to play if you are staying at the venetian.
4	The Venetian is a large and busy room. They have a $4. rake .and give back $1.per hour in food comps. One proublem is the food at the Venetian is quite expensive so playing 6,or 7 hours wont be enough to get you your meal. However these comps do not expire so you may have to pay for your meal today then get it comped after your next play. They spred NLHE from 1-2 and up . They also spred limet HE, O/8, and pot limet Omaha.The V. also allow call-ins,and start games rather quickly which is good,But by starting  games quickly they have short lists, this makes exsisting games tend to play short quite often. All n All this is very nice place to play.   UPDATE! they are now give back $2. per hour of play.
5	This is probably the best poker room in Vegas. There are always lots of tables and games going on. While other casinos don't have very many games running, Venetian always does!There are low stakes tables too like 100 min buy-in with 1/2 blinds. The drop is not horrendous either.Definitely recommend this to anyone looking!
4	It never ceases to amaze me how people will continually sit down at a Hold 'Em table to go up against me.  These people complain about others wearing sunglasses....I wear a full on helmet!  They sit there trying to read body language; the only body language I have is the hand gesture before I choke you out.  They want to calculate probability of having certain hole cards....I control The Force, bitch!  I'm not exactly the Amazing Allakhazam or anything, but it gives me quite the unfair advantage.Whatever; a Sith's gotta eat, right?  Out of the various poker rooms in Vegas that don't involve sitting with a Russian billionaire's playboy son, I'd have to say the Venetian's is my favourite.  The hostesses are always quick with the drink orders, the dealers are witty without being too over the top, the tables are well maintained, and anytime someone runs up to me asking for an autograph, the pit boss sees to it that Fat Bobby and Tony Two-Toes take care of him long before I have to look up from playing Jedi mind tricks on my opponents in order to get them to give me all their chips.    It also has the added benefit of being conveniently located to my room on most visits, as the Palazzo  tower is my hotel of choice.The only real downside to this place is you can't always find a game here in the mid-range limit field (say, 25/50 or 50/100), unlike some of the more common Strip casinos.    For that, I'll dock it a point.  Otherwise?  Great venue, and I'd highly recommend....you just save me the trouble and give me all your money now.4 Deathstars.
5	This is by far the best place I have ever played in Vegas.  The staff is very attentive and nice and the action is always great cause the V holds convetions all the time and the conventioners are always ready to blow off some cash playing poker on there trip to Vegas.  After all it couldn't be much different that there home game, huh??  The management is quick to open a table so you are not waiting long and no matter what time of the day there is always a game going on.  There are so many local grinders here that love to call off with top top which can be nice sometimes too, unless of course your caught bluffing.  The service is pretty good but the waitresses although nice, could be a little younger and more attractive.  The comps just got bumped to $2/hr which means you can afford a nice lunch after a morning of grinding or a nice dinner if you been playing all day.  If your truly a poker player then don't stop anywhere but here.
5	Best poker room evah, except for Binion's. Really upscale and all the staff is great. We love Kathy, a/the poker room manager. They put up with our rowdy group and were a lot of fun.  A+++
5	The best poker room in Vegas. If you want to play cash games and tournaments, this is the place to be. I played the lowest buy-in which was the 1-2 No Limit Hold'em with $100 buy-in. Very competitive where I tripled my money after four hours of play. Also, they increased their comps for cash games to $2 a hour for all of their games. Whether you're a local or a visitor, you need to play here.
4	I had a wonderful time here.  I only went once, but I was seated at a table full of friendly, fun people.  The staff was courteous and professional.  At one point, I had the pleasure of having Carisa, the funniest poker dealer I've ever had the pleasure of meeting, at my table.  I'll remember her amusing banter the most when I think about this trip.
5	I haven't played in every room in Vegas so I can't claim that this one is the best, but It'll do till I find the best. This is a very well ran poker room. Which any serious poker player can attest to the importance of. A poorly run room can ruin an otherwise great place to play. All of the dealers I have experienced have been  more than adequate at keeping the game going at a decent pace. I have no complaints with any of the staff. From the cocktail waitresses and room managers to the cashiers, I am very pleased with this room.You get a wide variety of players and there are lots of tables going. I have never had to wait more than 10 minutes to be seated and usually I don't have to wait at all. I've never been compelled to ask for a table change while playing here. The turnover rate is high so the table play can change quickly. If I sit down at a tight table with little action I just play a little more lose and wait it out. By the time the dealers change you could be sitting at a wild table with tons of pre-flop action. If you're a versatile player this is the room for you. I've played at both the 1-2 and 2-5 no limit and they are both beatable games with a good amount of mixed play. Another reason to love this room is the smoke factor. This is an actual room right at the front of the property. You don't have to walk through the smoked filled casino to get here and the area outside the room is a non-smoking area with signage. Gotta love that. They don't allow players to stand right outside the room and watch the action, blowing their nasty smoke on innocent bystanders.   There is a self-serve coffee stand along the wall that provides an added bonus. If the waitress doesn't come around often enough to suit you, just help yourself. They offer three options: regular, decaf and hot water. They have small white styrofoam cups so if you do serve yourself, you'll need to go back for a refill often. I prefer to order my drinks from the cocktail waitress but it's a nice option.
3	Definitely a beautiful room, kept away from the main carpet and easy to access.  Unfortunately, I've had varied experiences at the Venetian.  The first time I visited, they took 10 minutes to bring me my chips once I sat down.  It was almost two orbits before I had money in front of me, and that was something I haven't experienced in even the most chaotic and undermanaged rooms.  I vowed to steer clear of this room because of this slight.I recently stayed at the hotel, and for that reason I came back.  I didn't have any problems this time, so I'm guessing my experience earlier was an oversight.  Still, it'll take a little while before I can give a better rating.This room also attracts a lot of sharks because of how many games they run and the variety in stakes.  This is fine, but it cuts down sharply on both profit and enjoyability when you're stuck next to 3 or 4 internet players who haven't learned the social aspects of the game.I prefer other rooms, but can understand why the V's room is so popular.  The bloom is off the rose for me until I get more consistency with the staff.
5	I LOVE THIS POKER ROOM. They really take care of you here, even if you are a 4/8 limit player.The floor managers run the whole room with no problems. They will find you a seat ASAP. Dealers here are professional and courteous.FREE REDBULLS AND FIJI WATERS!!!Tableside food here is good, but a little bit expensive...be sure to get a table-side massage by one of the many CUTE massage girls. they are really good looking and got strong hands.
5	Great poker room.  This room is run very well.   Great choices for cash games, sit n'go, plus several tournaments during the day.  The wait staff is very attentive.  The dealers were all very professional and friendly.   I would have loved to spend a weekend here, but an hour here n there worked well.   If you are going in the evening, they get pretty full.  Call in advance and put your name on the list.Top notch poker room.
1	No. Re-Model was horrific. Poorly micromanaged..What was a classy room with private subdivisions is now an open mess hall of plenty of rude players. Bad Management as well. if your local, the walk from Parking garage is annoying at best. Placed under and to the side of the escalator to club tao you will feel like a character from ' people under the stairs... are you kidding me,, of all that space in those gigantic hotels you place the poker room there. Expect to see some drunken fights and overpaid prostitues spilling out from the club above you at all hours.
4	One of the best poker rooms in town only complaint is for locales to get there to park car and wish had higher stakes. Just remolded room but no more high stakes room
3	Love the room!  i give it a 3 stars cause i got murdered tonight (  cold blooded )...
5	My favorite room in town.  Since the renovation, you have so much space.  There is no tripping over other players to get to and from your seat.  I think if the Bellagio operated a room with this much space, they would cram at least twice as many tables in there, if not more.  Drink service is very steady, and of course they have the Fiji waters that everyone loves.  The sportsbook is close, as is a large bathroom.  Venetian frequently spreads Omaha games in addition to the usual litany of hold em games.  Good comps too.  Just a great poker room with good dealers and a good variety of games and tournaments.
5	Review #300.  Fishes welcome!  OOPS.  Freudian slip.When you grind for a living, you can't let out your secrets; except on Yelp and a milestone review.  That said, this is a review for the recreational player.The Venetian is the best managed, most comfortable, poker room in Vegas.  Friendly dealers, knowledgeable floors, comfortable seats, well spaced tables, huge number of monitors, food and beverage service, even massage service (not the happy ending variety).Great game selection for low and mid stakes players (NLHE, LHE, O8B, PLO, Open face Chinese, and the occasional mixed game).  Word of caution, the low limit 2/5NLHE ($200-$1000 buyin) games are frequented by Vegas grinders.  Special note to LA players, the mid limit games like the 5/10NLHE ($400 - no max) and 10/20NLHE ($800 - no max) are tougher than those at Commerce.  They play deep stack with the typical buyin 1,000 BB.Best attended daily tourneys for the casual player. Offered twice a day, they feature low buyin, decent prize pool, a good amount of play and a soft field.Great tourney series (Deep Stack) that occur multiple times a year.  Mid range buyin's.  Good structure.  Good mix of players.  Great prize pools.Single table turbo SNGs run throughout the year but pickup during the Deep Stack series.  Various buyins.  Always 10 players and two winners paid in casino checks (no lamers).Great comp system ($2 per hour for cash games).  Comps can be accumulated and used for table side food service.  Seriously, there's nothing like handling checks and cards for hours then picking up that juicy burger right?  You only have Montezuma revenge once.Final tip:  Try the espresso.  It comes with a crystallized sugar stick.  Double rush!Pull up a chair and enjoy!
4	Great for folks wanting to get in on some 1-3 hands of hold'em.  I really enjoyed this poker room, the Aria is nicer but the stakes are higher...I coming back here.
5	Along with the Aria and Wynn. Definitely the top 3 poker rooms in Vegas for overall atmosphere, service and action. Side note, asking for water from the beverage server will get you a Fiji bottled water.
5	It's hands down The best poker room in Vegas in every comparable way.
5	I really like this room. The lighting is nice and bright. The chips and cards are of a good quality. The tables are really well spaced out. Comfortable! Good games and drink service. This room has an air of European sophistication. Yes, I realize Vegas is as European as Larry the cable guy. Sports book is nearby and there is a nice little video poker bar steps away.If I lived in or near Vegas this would be my go-to place.
4	Ah the Venetian Poker room, hands down the biggest poker room in Las Vegas with 59 poker tables (the Rio during "WSOP" has the biggest room in their Convention Center in the summer) this is arguably the most elegant poker room here in Vegas. So why not the 5 stars?The lighting in this place is bright and although nice, after hours of grinding here it takes a toll on my eyes for some reason, and I'm not the only one who experiences this.The tables are 10 handed... this makes it more of a nit fest, and people wait patiently for aces and kings because they "can", and not to mention it makes the table cramped up with less space for each person. I don't like the poker chips they use here either, they slide around because they are so slippery. The general age group of the regulars seem to be older than the Aria. The fact that they have more games running than other poker rooms pretty much always is a huge plus.They use the "Grand Lux Cafe" for table side food service and this place serves very good food. The cocktail waitress serve alcohol in like little kids glasses unlike the Aria and everywhere else, and I asked for bigger glasses and they won't oblige. (You have to order more drinks to get the same amount... sucks to be an alcoholic here lol) :pThe Floor men and women can be somewhat clueless at times. On multiple occasions I was on the list for table change and was first up, yet the floor lady literally had 3 other players that was behind me take the table I wanted. I went to her (name was: Rachell) and asked her what happened, and she looked at her paper list with my name clearly on the top, and said "Oh I'm sorry didn't see you there"? And the same thing happened with another Floor man. Good way to treat your regulars...Game selection is outstanding though. They run NLHE (no limit holdem), LHE (limit holdem), O8B (Omaha eight or better), PLO (pot limit omaha high), open face Chinese poker, and mixed games. NLHE stakes are 1-3nl, 2-5nl ($200-$1k buy-in), 5-10nl (uncapped buy-in and this plays very big. Seen multiple times with players with $10,000+ stacks)This place is my 2nd go to place for poker, with Aria poker room being my 1st. If you are a visitor then I suggest you check out both rooms and see which one you like!
5	Best poker room in Vegas!
5	Beautiful poker room with plenty of money and action. It's got an open airy feel to it, very comfortable place to play. One of the top 3 places I go to play poker when I'm in town.
3	10 handed tables make me tilted lol. And the staff here seem shady. I've seen them cater to the regs way more than they should. I guess money buys everything in this part of town.
4	This room is great! If you have the slightest clue how to play poker you will make money because there are so many people here just looking to give it away! :)  the table side food is great although the service tends to be a little lax. Drinks are amazing and there is a huge variety from Pom juice to cappuccino, to champagne, Sierra Nevada, you name it... The dealers for the most part are pretty great too!
4	Always lots of action from tourists and regulars. Almost 60 tables. Variety of games and very good dealers.
5	Loved this poker room! Lot of tables, good dealers, good competetion.Not a long wait on the waiting list.
5	Best poker room EVERRRR!!  First off it's huge!! You can hold bigger tournaments here no problem. Second, it's full!! There always seems to be action here whatever time of day I come. Third, seats are verrrrry comfy. Turns my ass to jello. Fourth, awesome cocktail service. Whenever I ask for a water they bring me 2 Fiji bottles. Not too bad.The only thing that's a little different at this room is the stacks.  There is no buy-in cap so some of the cash games get pretty juicy. For example, I bought in to a 2-5 NLH and normally one might buy in for 75-100 BBs but not this place. Some people had over 1 k on the table....at a 2-5??? Are you serious?!! Craaayy!! Another cool thing is cash plays on the table. This always makes me feel more badass when I can go over the top of someone with cash money!Overall a great room with decent players. Highly recommended!
3	Biggest room on the strip. Lately only 15 or 16 tables play at most. Room is nice. Dealers very good. Management mediocre, not Wynn or Aria. My biggest bitch is the slowness and inefficiency of the cocktail waitresses. Slow as Bally's which I never went back to. Don't know why V gets all these good reviews. Different strokes.
5	I love this place!! massage at the table and food???!!! Sure you have to pay a little bit extra but its really worth it. Everyone is super professional and just lovely.
4	Always a lot of games and plenty of people constantly in here.  Dealers are cool and the cocktail service is pretty quick.  I like the amount of space they have and you never feel cramped.
5	The biggest room in Vegas, and I think the best, too.The front desk is always courteous, and I very rarely had to wait for a table. They start them up as soon a 9 are on the list, which is often.The action is great. I think they're some locals playing 1-2, but its mostly tourists. Very soft game.$2/hour comps which is nice, but the food is very expensive, so its not like you get rfb from poker comps or something.If you stay at the hotel, there is a poker rate, and its really good. You need to play 6 hours/day which is a lot. But two players can split the hours if staying together. You need to book on the hotel's website though, to get the poker rate, not a third party.Great, fast dealers. Great cocktails. Not cramped. Comfy chairs. This is a great room, with 24 hour action.
5	This is the best place to find a game in Vegas! Hands down!Dealers, great.Bosses, great.Waitresses, great.Game selection, great.Seriously. Worth the walk/time/stay.
5	This is my favorite poker room in Las Vegas.  I wish all poker rooms were as nice as this.  It is a large beautiful room with comfortable chairs and good dealers.  I enjoy the Venetian Deepstack events as well as their daily tournaments.  They also have many cash games and I enjoy playing 4-8 omaha here.  They do offer food service however I prefer to get take out from one of the nearby restaurants.  Extra bonus is having an power strip under the table so I can charge my phone as I'm playing.  My one suggestion would be to have larger screens for the tournament clock so it is easily visible from every seat.
5	A great place to play!  Played a few tournaments in the most recent deepstack extravaganza.  Well lit, good climate (unlike the freezing cold tournament poker room at Foxwoods), well spaced so you never feel crowded.Dealers and staff we all unfailingly polite and informative over the course of the several days I played here.  Comfortable seats, phone charging stations under the table, table service for food from the Grand Lux often deeply discounted, and quick beverage service.  While Caesar's is the closest I've been to on the strip, the Venetian poker room blows away the competition compared the majority of the other rooms around.
5	The poker room is great.  Spacious and lots of games running.  Also two dollar an hour comps to buy food from the Grand Lux, which is the best food choice out of any poker room.
5	This is a great place to play. The room is huge (from what I can see it's the biggest room on the strip) with plenty of tables, and there is plenty of space between each table unlike some of the overly crowded poker rooms.
5	It's the biggest and best poker room in Vegas, by a wide margin.  (Unless you're a super high roller at Bobby's room or something like that)They also have great tournaments there too.The only ding is that they stopped serving Fiji water there.
