5	If you are pretty kitchen savvy, this store is definitely for you!  I was killing time the other day and ventured in to check out this store.  Apparently they have been open for about two years in the Blakney shopping center.  Very cool set up with lots of things to look at and browse from fun cookie cutter shapes to high end cast iron cookery.  The staff was super friendly and let me mill around to take the store in. There are a number of specialty items in here as well as great gift ideas for the chef/cook friend.
5	We stopped in this cute little shop the other day when we were on a quest to find a loose tea leaf infuser for a friend.  They were sold out of the little mesh or metal ball infusers, but they had the infuser tea stick in stock, yay!  The one I bought was a little more expensive than I expected, but it looks like  good quality, so I am happy. After finding what I wanted to buy, I enoyed browsing the wonderful selection of kitchen gadgets, cookware, wine accessories, serving platters, etc.  Service was friendly & helpful.  I will definitely shop here again.
4	Noticed this seemingly new to me store and stopped by.  Family operated with Dianne at the register and husband doing admin stuff in back.  Friendly and knowledgeable.The carry a very fine array of kitchen things and especially a lot of gadgets.  I bought clever citrus sprayers which literally screw into lemons and limes with a pump on top that will mist whatever you choose.  They work, and work well.High end Le Creuset cookware and a good variety of sizes and utilities.  This brand, literally, wears like iron and will be an inheritable item long after you are gone.  Quality rules here so though prices are higher than Target, you are getting the best of the field.  Well worth it.They also have a number of unique serving dishes and specialty items, like covered souffle pots.Nice place and nice people.
5	Wonderful shop that is like a treasure trove of quality cooking products. Wonderful gadgets that make life easier and staff that knows the product and will give you the benefit of their experience while smiling and making it all fun.This shop is an owner-operated small business...not a chain that will not consider your needs (or wants) when you are looking for the perfect item.
