5	Eva's is a longtime family-owned restaurant business that has operated a location on Sunland Gin Rd for years. They recently built and opened a new location on Pinal Ave in Casa Grande.The first thing anyone would notice about the new location is the striking architecture and decor. There is a giant sculpture on the roof near the front entrance that is reminiscent of an onion dome but it is made of decorative glass and metal. The remainder of the building has other interesting decor and architecture; they really went all-out on this project and it shows. Words cannot do it justice. It's no Guggenheim, but it's definitely bound to become a Casa Grande landmark.When discussing the food and service, I have to begin by contrasting it with that of the older Sunland Gin location. The older location is borderline notorious for its slow service (although the food is worth it) and none of the waitstaff ever seemed particularly friendly to me. At the new location, they seem to have developed a new system for cranking out fresh food (same recipes) and, lo and behold, hiring friendly and efficient staff. Believe me when I say that Casa Grande is not known as a hub of good customer service, so this is no small accomplishment. From the smiles that welcome you when you walk in to the waitstaff, everyone is... great. I've been to the new location about 20 times and I've never had a bad experience.The food is exceptional. A lot of Mexican food is available in Casa Grande and the recipes at Eva's destroy all of it. Some of their house specialties can get a bit pricey, pushing the $20 price point. There are plenty of options for under $10, though. Since we have kids, I also judge a restaurant by their kids' menu--do they have some good, creative offerings there, or do they just shovel the same cheeseburger/chicken strips/mac 'n' cheese as everyone else? Eva's has an original and thoughtful kids' menu, and they will custom make anything you can describe. Does your rugrat want a tostada with guacamole, beans, and lettuce? No problem.Eva's also has live entertainment on weekends in the form of roaming mariachi bands and then a DJ later at night. There is a full bar area, a full dining room, and a smaller separate dining room that probably can be reserved for parties. There is an outdoor seating area as well with an outdoor fireplace. It's all gorgeous. If you're ever passing through on your way to or from Phoenix and Tucson, do yourself a favor.
4	I've been meaning to hit Eva's as soon as I moved here, but never actually went until now. I've been to the other location for lunch and it was ok. The Eva's on Pinal is awesome. As soon as I sat down the chips, salsa and bean dip appeared in front of me. The bartender, Brad gave me a few beers to sample. I'm a beer snob and this is the first place in Casa Grande that I've been too where I had choices beyond Sam Adams Draft or Fat Tire Bottles (not that there's anything wrong with that, but I like variety). Granted, they didn't have any beers I loved, but whatever. I didn't want to sit home alone and drink awesome beer; I wanted to go out, damnit!I had the barbacoa platter. It came out fast! It tasted great. The rice had an interesting texture. I got it with black beans. I also got a side of guac, just because I like guac. The entree was definitely awesome. Great flavor. The service was spectacular. After my first beer I was thinking I wanted something else. I asked if they do mojitos. Brad said he would make me one but the mint was old and he would have to use a sugar packet instead of simple syrup so it wouldn't be the best. I decided to try wine instead. There was one called Sangre Del Toro. I just wanted to try if based on the name alone. Maybe I was a chupacabra in a past life. The manager let Brad open it just so I could get a taste. I ended up ordering a glass. It was very drinkable. I would go back just based on customer service alone. Oh and the decor! It is the nicest looking restaurant in Casa Grande. It's huge, it's clean, it's hot. The architecture, the art, the everything is muy bueno.
3	Summary:  Just okay Mexican food. The Food: Being from So-Cal and a mass-consumer of burritos, I am somewhat critical  when it comes to Mexican food.  Eva's does have delicious homemade chips, salsa and amazing bean dip, which is promptly brought to your table when you sit down, but that is where the goodness ends.  The dishes are on par with El Torito. My Baja chicken burrito was practically a rice and bean quesadilla. The chicken was minimal and bland, and the guac was just okay.  If you like mild, overtly Americanized Mexican, then check out Eva's.  If you like spicy, bold-flavored Mexican, save yourself over half the cost and visit a taco stand.  The Atmosphere:  Eva's has a great atmosphere. They featuring a beautiful patio, hand painted walls, and a gorgeous patio.  The Staff:  The staff is all very friendly and prompt.  Bottom Line:  If this place could make the rest of their dishes as well as they make their chips, bean dip and tortillas, they would be unstoppable, however serving up bland meats and sauces is NEVER acceptable in my book.
3	Discovered this place by accident.  Like the other reviewers I love the architecture and decor. The glass flowers are reminiscent of Dale Chihuly glass work.  I wonder who did it?  Also this place is massive in size.  They could easily fit several large banquette parties in here at once. Now to the food.  The chip dip and salsa, served promptly are nice and pretty spicy. I loved it. I had the Tortilla soup which was very good and served with a fresh Flower Tortilla, the way I like it.  I also had a Green Corn Tamale A LACarte, because that is one of my staple foods and I could get that I thought was a good barometer on a place by ordering this.  Unfortunately it was served barely warm, nearly cold.  And it appeared to have Spinach in it?  I have never Green Chili Peppers served like that. My dining partners all ordered Burritos or Chimi's and the server recommended their blanco Sauce, which contained small pieces of jalepenos.  I tasted everyone else's Blanco Sauce and it was very good. The service at Eva's was very good. From the Hostess, to the server and the bus staff.  Very Good.  Another thing that happened and I can understand that this is a family restaurant and they are trying to create a fun and lively atmosphere but I just cant stand places that have the entire staff come out and sing happy birthday to a customers, a-la Show style.   I just think it's cheap and corny.  But I also understand that many people like it and I am in the minority here. I will go to Eva's again if and when I am ever in Casa Grande and need a good meal.
3	I think this place has very good food! I'm kinda glad that they have recently decided to work on customer service because I have been here in the past--and they were horrible. Freshly made tortilla, and really authentic salsa who could ask for more.
1	Was not impressed, and will not return.
5	This was the first time I came here... This place is nice and spacious... It has a very relaxed feel to it...The servers were very nice and looked happy to be there... That I feel contributes a lot to the meal experience.l am not expert in mexican food, but the chili rellenos we ordered were the best ones we have ever had.
1	Poor food and really bad service.  We will never go back.
2	Food not so good.  Service slow. Margaritas were good and only 3 dollars.  But they got greedy and raised it to $5.  Sadly it is Time to find a different place for margaritas
5	Excellent green corn tamales and our table of 14 had great service!  Everything arrived quickly and everyone at the table enjoyed their food.  Loved the Sangria as well.
4	Food was good, nice decor. People seen to bag on the service. It was a little slow but the  food was fresh. Wait staff & hostess were really nice and friendly. We will be back!
5	We'll definitely be back. Very comfortable, nice restaurant without being fancy. There were two teenagers and three adults in our group and they seated us at one of their very large booths. You could probably fit eight smaller people into one of them. Good start.Waitress was very nice and patient and happy to explain and recommend items. We were all very happy with what we received. We'll definitely be back the next time we're in Case Grande.
2	Bottom line, the service is the worst I've experienced in Casa Grande!  We've been there several times since the opening approximately 3 years ago and have been disappointed everytime.  Our feeling was, it can only improve right?  Wrong!  As of Friday evening have made the descision not to go back to this location.  Met friends and sat over 30 minutes with an empty drink glass,  not offered food, no chips were brought to the table until we asked, and had to ask if we could order an appetizer!!  What is wrong with this picture??  When you actually get the food, it is okay, can get better at the taco stand in the parking lot at Big Lots...  The only thing I can say good about this place is the aesthetics of the place and it appears to be clean.
5	Great decor and great Mexican food!! Loved the salsa and bean dip.  My only suggestion: for God's sake....if your going to make great salsa and even better bean dip....why would you serve store bought chips?????  It's those little extras that make you great!!
2	Mexican food for white people.  It's clean and nice inside, but food is not authentic.
3	Food: meh, nothing special.  Setting: beautiful colonial style architecture.  Huge place with indoor and outdoor spaces.  Very upper class old-Mexico.  Staff : very nice and quite good service.  Too bad the food is not really great.
1	I will not be back at all! The last time I went was the final straw. It took an hour for the two of us to get food and there where only about 5 tables with people at them. There was a table of 4 sat after we where that got their food, eaten and left before our food even arrived at the table. The server never came back for drink refills and when I asked to talk to the manager she claimed that they where really busy and that she was sorry it had taken so long. If the food had been good then it wouldn't have been as big of a problem but it looked like someone threw up on my plate. SO NASTY!
2	We have eaten here on prior visits to Casa Grande and usually enjoyed the place.  This time four of us went for dinner on a Sunday evening and were disappointed.  The first sign was when we walked in and were told that there would be a twenty minute wait when a quick glance into the dining room to the left showed at least a half dozen empty tables.  That is a clear sign of short staffing and should have been a warning.  Nonetheless, we accepted bar seating at a high top, not ideal but OK, and sat for ten minutes before anyone came over to check on us.  The first thing our waiter said was it was his first day, the second was he didn't eat Mexican and didn't know what most of the dishes were.  Hmmmm.  He was also trying to be the bartender as well as a waiter and didn't do well at either task.The food was fair, not the worst Mexican I have tasted, but mediocre at best.  the red chili in my burrito was pretty good, my shredded beef taco tasted like it was made last week.  There are too many other choices of Mexican in the area to bother with this one again.
4	Locally owned with nice ambiance, plenty of parking, nice menu choices and excellent spaces available for private meetings or small banquets.  Consistently good service, easy location to find on Pinal Avenue, great for lunch and it is a business that is good about giving back to the community!
3	Not bad.  Place is bigger than it looks.  Nice patio area.  Long bar.  Good portions on food and the normal menu items for Mexican restaurant.  Also has some signature plates which are pretty good if your feel like stepping out of the box.   Usually busy and in the past, had problems with skeleton staffing, but it has improved.  Their is a sister restaurant in Arizona City turn off which is not that good as far as decor and staffing go.I know some big local parties that have gone to have big dinners and lunches, and that sucks up alot of the wait staff.  It's a better Mexican restaurant in Casa Grande.
3	The decor was pretty.  The staff was helpful.  The food and drinks were inh.
1	Dont bother! Horrible customer service! I dont know how this place is still in business. I am sure they lose customers left and right because they never even acknowledge you when you walk through the door. They make it seem like it is busy when they only have three other tables. Also caught a glimpse of the kitchen and it certainly wasnt the cleanest..especially for an empty restaurant. We left and wont be back.
1	We stopped here for a late lunch. Authentic looking SW decor, but not very clean, and no service from the start. With nobody greeting the public, we eventually found our own seats. Drinks took 25 minutes though there were only 3 tables. Maybe the worst part of this meal, at least visually, was the side of guacamole...it appeared to have cottage cheese mixed in it. We eyed it while waiting another ten minutes for the chips the waiter forgot. I did not eat it, apparently my husband was hungry enough to NOT object to cottage cheese guacamole. By now it seemed destined that I would go home hungry, and yes I did.When at last the meals arrived mine, was ice cold on a hot plate. I sent it back and it returned to me freshly microwaved. The spicy white cheese sauce with fresh jalepeno on my enchiladas was akin to eating raw flour. Two bites was more than enough and no, they did not offer to take it off our bill. One of the worst meals I've had in a very long time. Save your money, eat somewhere else!
1	I am so frustrated with Eva's! Tonight we came with 4 adults and 4 children and had Fernando as our server. Three extremely well behaved older children who didn't make a peep the whole meal and 1 toddler who didn't spill a drop of food or drink on the floor. Let me start by saying we love Eva's food. The food was great- even though it took over 45 minutes to get our food and our server didn't come back to the table in the meantime to refill the chips. After we were done my toddler started to get fussy since we had now been there about two hours and we couldn't find our guy to get boxes or our check. Finally we got some help from a hostess and were more than ready to go home. They still hadn't brought our desert so we got it to go. All this was fine. We were annoyed with the lack of attention and service but this wasn't the bad part. We paid the bill without looking at it. It was 110. We tipped our server Fernando a generous 15$ for the worst service we've received in a long time. When we got home we realized the bill was too high. We drove back to the restaurant and found out that our server charged us an 18% tip!!!!! He deserved like 5%!! And he was fine with adding the extra tip and getting a tip over 30$!!!! Are you kidding me? In conclusion check your receipts or an extremely presumptuous server might give you awful service and take home a nice chunk of change for it.
2	The original is so much better and only 15 miles down the road.  If you're passing Casa Grande on the way to Tucson, just keep driving and get off at Sunland Gin--you won't be sorry. The first Eva's, in Arizona city, has been around forever. It's  ingredients are fresh (or more fresh, at least) and it's service can't be beat:  You feel like family!  The tiny restaurant's decor though...At the prime Mexican eatery everything is claustrophobic, artificial and intense.  Just like a family owned business should be.Gustavo had fond memories of the newer Eva's decor though, and so we went.  Spanish baraque anyone?We ate here together once with my friend from Chandler who met us halfway between her house and our home in Tucson.  If I'm honest, I'd been here a dozen times before.  I used to live in that little hole of a town.  Glad I'm out, but I sill miss it at times and it's great to visit my mother, who lives there now to be close to her mother and sisters--my awesome grandma and super-cool aunts--uncles and cousins.That's what we were in town for and, after some kick-butt garage sales and a little bit of thrift store salvage finding, we opted to go back to Eva's and give it another go.A note on Decor:  Gorgeous.  But maintenance has fallen off.  Much of the courtyard Spanish jungle has withered and browned.  There are even some fake (and broken) plastic cheapos lurking in the remains of the burnt-amber undergrowth.  I was sad to see the lush garden fall into disrepair.Day-old beer bottles with smelly cigarette floaters dotted the grotto inspired tiled tables that I think about backing the truck in to load up every time I'm there.  Terrible.  Inside there was dust--and not a sprinkling.  But the Spain imported dome still lazy curls down the rounded building top singing a lascivious song of promise, just as the similarly shipped and elaborate archangel, carved of solid wood and blood and shine, beckons the unsuspecting traveler into the dining room with it's polish, poise and holy stature.  These are the sirens of the Sonora desert, folks; promising shelter, food and comfort and delivering, if not death, disappointment and a belly full of underwhelming fire and acid reflux. Beware the rocks of cottage cheese, you stalwart sand-sailor you; the guacamole is disgusting and they charge for every side of every thing.From Mexico, Gustavo is both a lover and an authority on accurate traditional Mexican cuisine.  He's especially critical of pork adobada and, as the fates would have it, that's what he ordered at Eva's: an adobada filled chimi.He hated it.  From the first bite, he complained of the too-sweet flavors and the strange sour aftertaste.  It was wet, his tortilla--as thick and floury as it was--bowed in the middle and fell apart.  And, he never even picked it up.  The guacamole had him gagging.  And the jalapeno white cream-cheese sour-cream jalapeno sauce--or something, the-title-had-like-seven-words--was, and I quote (minus the bad-words) "microwaved, lumpy, tepid, sour cream." He was a bit more vivid, but I only have so many characters and I poses, in my esteem, a bit more tact.My mother and I fared a bit better.  I didn't hate my spinich enchilads, they were just "ehh..." and the sauce that topped them was alright, but bland.  I ordered the same multi-titled sauce as Gustavo, but mine, I don't think, had been processed and cooked nearly as many times as his had.  There were no lumps (hopefully, flour?) in it.  But it lacked the kick I was expecting, that's for sure.Mom ordered the mini-chimi platter and said the tortilla was hard and the meats were bland.  She did love the Baja sauce though and, having uttered her disdain for the place before we sat down, was surprised to a moderate extent.Beer selection was a joke.  They list several San Tan brews on tap and were out of all of them.  The inattentive waitress--who never refilled our salsa (the best and most flavorful menu item; also the freshest and free-est) said: "Oh yeah, we're out of that.  And that.  And tha--it's such an old menu, they should really update it."  I ended up pounding two pints of "Victoria" I suspect had been sitting in the keg for quite sometime.  Pure speculation though, and I don't expect you to take my word for it.  Try it for yourself.That's all there is.  Much less gaiety than expected in this grub, despite all the glitz, glam and color of the place.-Fairy Food Father
1	We were in route from Phoenix to Tuscon and needed dinner. I looked up a few places online and Eva's seemed like a reasonable option.This restaurant has EVERYTHING it needs to be successful:* A cool atmosphere-- check!* a great menu--check!* Good drink specials--check! check!Despite all of this, this was hands down the WORST Mexican dinner I have ever had in my entire life. (I eat a ton of Mexican food).First of all, the service is terrible.  Our waitress did not know what beer was on tap, did not know the drink specials or happy hour dinner apps and didn't give us appropriate drink refills.The food takes the cake for being just plain awful.  I ordered tortilla soup and one of the happy hour nachos, my husband ordered a combo meal and my cousin ordered a steak rice bowl.  After one bite of my soup, I was completely done (tasted like it was burnt), my husband and cousin could stomach a little more than me but still felt like the food was sub par at best.  I mentioned to the server that I was disappointed with my soup and all she could offer was to take it back to the kitchen (no replacement option or comp ticket). Bottom line: Would I ever eat here again?  Nope.  Never.
1	Best thing about this place is "Big Tyme" the DJ who spins there every Friday. Everything else aside from the decor is for the birds. Ya man
4	Great Mexican Mexican but higher prices
2	Not impressed with the service!  We were seated promptly, chips, salsa and water were delivered.  Then we wait, and we wait, and we wait.  The chip waiter kept bringing us more chips and salsa, so we munched on those.  Kept asking for our waitress so we could order.Finally about 30 minutes later, she came by.  My husband ordered the chicken burrito with red sauce, and since I had eaten all the chips I ordered the senior enchilada plate, beef.Another lengthy wait.  Food was finally delivered, my husbands burrito had the crema sauce instead of the red.  Deliverer of food said that she could get him a new one, but we didn't want to wait another 30 minutes.  I decided to open my enchilada to make sure I had beef, which I did, but there were only 3, 1/4 in cubes of beef.  Ridiculous.  Waitress came by and we expressed our disappointment, she offered to get me a new enchilada.  I took her up on it, it arrived in 5 minutes and was jammed packed with beef.We asked her about the wait times and we were told that they were short staffed and apologized and apologized and apologized.  We felt bad for her, we could hear her apologizing all around us.Finished our meal, which I will say the food was good.Our waitress stopped by our table and comped our whole meal.  Not sure if we would come back, there seems to be quite a few other mexican options in Casa Grande.
1	The decor was nice, the service was ok.  the food was some of the worst mexican food i have ever had. i had the baja chicken burrito it was  bland and had no flavor. my mom had the enchilada combo and she said it was bland and had no taste also. i will not be back. and this horrible food was way overpriced
5	Love the food here.  Love this place!!!
4	The family loved the decor of this spot. The food was tasty. Daughter loved the cheese crisps and enchiladas.
1	The employees were having a meeting in the dinning area while me and my family were trying to eat. Very unprofessional. And I ordered ground beef and got shredded beef. You guys suck never coming back
4	The decor was sunny and airy.  the table was clean.  The service was attentive and friendly.  The food was well cooked, well seasoned came out quickly and arrived HOT.  The only negative that I have about this place is that nothing I had was standout tastey.  All of the food I had was good but nothing was outstanding, hence the 4 stars.  I'd Recommend, I'd go back, but I enjoyed Feils more.  I don't understand the the low start ratings of some of the recent posts.  This place is a solid 3 to 4 star restaurant.  and they have angry Orchard on tap, that's a bonus for me.if your looking for a good Mexican meal you can get it here  Anyone saying otherwise is being disingenuous.
1	Disgusting;  we just stopped in for an early dinner (4:00 p.m. Sunday evening) and went into the bar so we could watch the games.   There were two gals and a guy behind the bar, just chatting between themselves, and a few other patrons.   Every table that was empty was dirty, the bar had dirty dishes piled on it.   When we let it be known that we wanted to sit,and to please clean a table, we received so much attitude that the three of us walked out.   Obviously no management was on site, one of the gals (heavy, long curly hair) was extremely rude.   I'm so disappointed as I live in the same neighborhood but won't be going in there again.   If it's that filthy in front of customers, omg what does that back kitchen area look like? All three of those employees should have been fired on the spot; as it was we ended up going to Tommy's and had a clean fabulous atmosphere in their bar area with much better food.   Thank you Tommy's..
4	We found this place just driving by,a pleasant surprise!beautiful Spanish building,the service was excellent and food was fresh with reasonable price.
1	Food arrived cool and mediocre.  Sent it back to be reheated and came back tepid.Waiter was very nice and comped it for me.  Might have been because they had two large parties arrive at same time.Employees were friendly.
5	We live up in the valley and for the past four years we venture over to Evas for my daddy's birthday celebration after he sky dives. The food is AMAZING!!! The SERVICE on Nov. 29th, for our large party of 18, was EXCEPTIONAL! I cant understand anyone giving lower than 5 stars.  We've just never been disappointed. (must be the competition)My dad did leave his hearing aid down there.  I called and got Mariah on the phone.  She was wonderful.  They ended up finding it the next day.  We are SO APPRECIATIVE to her for letting us know it had been found.  Thank you and honestly, we just need to come down there and enjoy your food more than once a year.
4	Greated by very nice hostess sat us right away. Terry was our server he greeted us and  took our drink order right away. Food was very good, it came out hot to table and well seasoned. Service was great. Sergio the manager greeted us and was very polite and inviting. We will recommend to our friends.
2	We arrived about 4:30pm, just before the dinner rush.  Not too many people at the time so we figured it would be great.  Well...with less customers to serve comes less attention to the customers there.  Sat in the back for about 10 minutes and had to remind them that they seated us.  Not once were we asked if we wanted refills on drinks or water, and I think the server finally realized we were not satisfied because she pretty much disappeared on us and didn't really come back.  The food was good....but nothing to brag about.  Service is what made this a 2-star rating.
