3	Juuuust beaten to FTR.  Oh well.  I'd never been to the Scottsdale location, so I was very excited to try this place.  I give the wood-fired oven pizza three stars because of the deliciously charred crust (keep an eye out for my upcoming Pizza of Phoenix list) and the rest of the establishment four stars.  Things to improve: flavor on the Schriener's Sausage pizza, lighting behind the bar (those CFLs have got to go!) and that's about it.  I went over happy hour (3-6 daily, half price on most drinks) and was thoroughly impressed by the value of the place.  I also jammed the cannolis down my throat (should NOT have eaten that much food...) and was definitely pleased with that as well.  I'd love to update this to at least four stars once I find the right pizza for me.  The restaurant is a little on the small side, with two very good-sized bars inside the restaurant and another long bar on the patio.  This place was really picking up as I walked out; I have high hopes that it will become a Desert Ridge-area staple.
3	If you really, really, really like basil, you might like Humble Pie.  I; however, only slightly fancy basil and found myself scrapping a good deal of it off my pizza.The pizza at Humble Pie is okay, but not worth the 35 minute wait to be seated.  The crust was delicious, but the actual dough, was too thin.  The my toppings and sauce wouldn't stay on top of the dough.  The basil would, but not the rest of the toppings.  Did I mention they like to employ basil.What saved my dining experience was the excellent wait staff and the desert.  I tried the apple cobbler and it was yummy.
4	We tried Humble Pie for takeout.  The pizza was delicious. The cost was slightly prohibitive. We ordered 2 pizzas for 2 adults and 2 children and luckily the baby doesn't eat too much. These 2 pizza's cost $25. Both pizzas were great. The kids had the Margherita which my 4 year said was the best pizza he ever had.  My husband and I shared a fire roasted mushroom/pancetta pizza. I loved it but my husband thought the mushroom taste was too strong.  He had a slice of the boys and thought it was really good and will probably order that next time. The pizza sauce was great and the fresh mozzarella was awesome. The crust was really big not giving much surface room for the pizza part and was a little burnt.I picked the pizzas up and it is really cute inside. I decided next time I would wait to order until I got there and sit and have a drink at the bar. It seemed really cozy.Lastly, we decided given the cost it would be a better place to eat there rather than takeout.
4	I tried a different pizza (The Egg Pizza, with prosciutto and an egg) and was quite pleased.  Sad to discover the CFL lights extend to the main seating area, and they need some music - it wasn't as busy as I'd like to see, and so it got a little quiet, which is a bit of a mood-killer.  That's a great crust though.
5	I wish this place were more popular!  Just got back from enjoying a late-ish bite here on a Saturday night, and it was deserted.  Too bad!  My posse and I appreciated the music - some pretty random Sirius station played at a dominating but not overly loud volume.  I tried a new menu item, the chili, and was blown away.  Fantastic.  I couldn't decide if I liked the hearty chunks of steak, or the strips of turkey better.  The beans and veggies were good, and the overall flavor was not too spicy or over-the-top, which is how I like it.  A cup is a smoking deal at under three dollars.  I tried the pepperoni, and as boring as it sounds, I think I have a new fave here.  The flavors balance perfectly - tomato sauce, mozzarella, and the sausage itself, plus the amazing burnt crust.  I noticed today for the first time that the crust includes a sourdough flavor - subtle, but it's there.  Mmmmhmm.  We finished the night out with a pizza cookie.  Solid, but I won't remember it later as particularly stand-out.  I look forward to the revised dessert menu coming hopefully soon to see what varieties of pizza cookie they offer and what else they're going to add back.  Allow me to note (again) their terrific Happy Hour: 3 to 6, every day!  If anyone is ever in the area and looking to hit it up for HH, shoot me a text!
2	Humble Pie- Humble is right.  It was not all that I had hoped for... First of all the server took and quite a while to come over initially and was pretty scarce for the rest of the night. Second of all he forgot my glass of wine- which wouldn't be such a horrible faux pas except that when I gently asked if I could get my glass of wine I got a snide and curt "yes"- I just had to hope that he remembered what I had ordered. Fortunately he did and brought it without so much as a word about forgetting it. It just kinda put me off. The food was decent- nothing that I don't think I couldn't get somewhere else. Overall, nothing about the place made me think to myself I can't wait to come back here.
1	I've avoided yelping this place for a reason; that reason is that it sucks just as badly as their other location in the Hilton Village. The food is horrible, the  diners are mostly douches and although this location features less popped collars than the one in SDL I cannot figure out for the life of me why certain people and bloggers can claim this as some of the best pizza in the Valley. Sub-par food, service and experience in both locations.
4	Great new restaurant in the area.  Food is good, and if you live at Shade, be sure to let the waiter know, 25% off your bill.
3	Yet another good restaurant that is being brought down by lackluster service.  Having visited this location once before, I was looking forward to bringing my out of town guest to the "fun pizza restaurant near my house".  It started out well - we were seated right away and our waitress seemed very nice.  She brought my wine quickly, and took our pizza order.  Then, things started to go downhill.  My friend's wine didn't make it to our table.  Our pizza came (delivered by someone else, not our waitress) and still no wine.  Huh?  By then my water glass was empty, and I placed it at the edge of the table hoping to be able to flag her down for a refill (and ask for the wayward wine).  Nope.  She is chatting with a few other employees at the front of the restaurant.  I can't make eye contact.  AAAAAHHHH!  So I did something kind of embarrassing - walked over to the bar with my empty glass and asked the three people standing there if I could have a refill.  Funny, right after that our waitress came back, all smiles, with my friend's wine.  Coincidence??I am hoping that this was just an "off" night.  I really do like the shrimp pizza so will most likely give Humble Pie another try.  But for now, 3 stars.
5	I'm updating this again?!?  Maybe I am crazy.  Crazy in love, that is!  Yesterday, I skipped lunch and decided to drop in to try the new summer salad on the menu: strawberries and Gorgonzola.  It was delicious, and very good-sized.  I would have shared the 1/2 salad if I had been planning on ordering a pizza later.  The really great part, though, came when I got the bill.  The salad is 5.95 normally, but it's discounted (25%, along with all the rest of the food on the menu) during happy hour (3-6 Mon-Fri).  I left a ten dollar bill for the salad and an ice cold Stella w/ tax and tip.  I sat at the bar and had no problems with service, of course it wasn't very full at 4:30 in the afternoon.  Anyway I don't think this place deserves the hate.  Check it out and eat the pepperoni; it's the best.
4	Update!Sometimes you do get a second chance to make a first impression.  I recently returned to Humble Pie for another try.  I am happy to say that the service was MUCH better than my previously reviewed visit (yay!).  I had the shrimp pizza, and my friend enjoyed the chicken with pesto pizza.  Both were prepared perfectly, with thin crust that tastes slightly of sourdough.  Our waiter was cheerful and attentive, and kept those water & wine glasses filled.   Since this location is so convenient for me, I am happy that I had a better experience this time.  Of course, it didn't hurt that it was a Monday, where all bottles of wine are 1/2 off - woo hoo!
4	This was my first trip to the Humble Pie in Desert Ridge, though I had once been to the Scottsdale location (where I wasn't terribly impressed).  This time, however, I was quite pleased.  They had a nice lunch special for $8.95 (I think), which was for a personal size pizza and a salad (greens or caesar).  The personal pizza is supposed to be one particular flavor per day, but our waitress let us know that we could choose any from the menu, which was a nice touch.I went with a pepperoni pizza and the caesar salad.  The caesar was nice, good flavor, and a fair amount of parmesan.  Another nice touch was the mesh wrapped lemon, keeping those pesky seeds out of your salad if you want fresh lemon juice on it.   The pizza, though, was definitely the star of the show.  Not only was it packed with pepperoni, this pepperoni had a great flavor to it.  Also a plus was the nice crisp crust...you could tell it was cooked perfectly, and that it came straight from the oven.  The worst part of the meal was that I totally spaced on getting their version of the pizookie!  Minus one star to me!  Four stars to Humble Pie though.
4	Humble Pie fills the nitch of the high-quality neighborhood pizza joint and bar for Desert Ridge, much like LGO Pizzeria in Arcadia and Patsy Grimaldi's in DC Ranch. I dined at the original location once and must say I liked that space better, but I'm thrilled to have this location closer to home. The chilled green bean app is wonderful - prepared just like they do in France, with a light mustard sauce. Their salads are great, too. I've had the delicious chopped salad with turkey, salami, and cheese, and on my most recent visit, I had the awesome new summer strawberry gorgonzola salad. Of course, a place called Humble Pie must serve up some terrific pizzas, and they sure do, in many unique varieties. There are some more gourmet choices, like the prosciutto and pear and the shrimp pizza, which I had on my latest visit. The shrimp had a lightly sweet taste to it that really complimented the savory cheese. My only complaint is that the dough was slightly undercooked...it looked white as snow. There's nothing too gourmet about the pizza with Schreiner's sausage, but it's amazing! Their tomato sauce is great and you can't go wrong with top-quality sausage from a local producer. And when done right (unlike my last visit), the crust is golden brown, soft and crispy at the same time, and has a hint of sweetness. This place is offering some killer specials right now -- from nightly specials (like Tuesday's free half salad or app) to the $8.95 lunch special to their coupons -- so take advantage of the savings and enjoy some great food!
2	A Co-worker of mine lamented last week "have you tried Humble Pie?, it's said to be the best pizza in Scottsdale." I had a hard time believing this, better than Grimaldi's? Better than Nello's? Then I hoped on Yelp, saw some favorable reviews and decided, hey maybe it is!! So Husband and I ventured up north to the Tatum location on Saturday night. We instantly  noticed the open kitchen centered around the wood oven, the place was hoping. This must be good. After waiting for what seemed like several minutes the waitress finally arrived to take our drink order. Husband ordered and Shiner Hefe and I went with the featured Limoncello Margarita. Several minutes passed once again, and finally our drinks arrived and our order was taken. The first sip I took of my cocktail was like a punch in the gut. I am all for strong drinks, better value. This was strong to the point that it really was not enjoyable. Figuring it may take awhile we started with the antipasto board. I ordered the Egg pizza, Husband seemed delighted by the idea of the Coppa pizza. When the Antipasto arrived we were pleased, it was simple and amazing. Small bites of meats, cheeses, olives, marinated tomatoes accompanied by crusty bread. Now, slow, inattentive service, and bad cocktail aside, we were ready for the pizza. My pizza of whole mozzarella and prosciutto was topped with a sunny side up egg. It was good not great, the egg added a nice flavor that complemented the smokey prosciutto and crust. It did seem however it was really salty. I know prosciutto is a salty meat, but this tasted like the cheese and crust were carrying a good dose, just in case. I asked husband about his pizza, and he commented the same, very salty. We finished what we could of our salt licks and waited, and waited for our bill. I wanted to really like this place, but the slow service and salty pie left me feeling very meh, While the antipasto was good for my money I will take Grimaldi's, Nello's, La Grande Orange or Bianco any day.
4	We have been to Humble Pie a couple times during their 3-6pm happy hour, where they are currently offering half price food and 20% off drinks.  We both enjoyed the thin, chewy crust, brick oven pizzas.  The sausage one was a little heavy on meat for my taste, but I really like the goat cheese and roasted red pepper (we added chicken, too).  Both times we have sat at the bar and had great service.  If you had gone to the other pizza place that was in this location (bravo), the new owners have totally changed the look and feel...in a good way.  The service (at least at the bar), and the food are way better than Bravo.  I would definitely recommend trying this place out!
3	I'd say a solid 2.5 stars, if that was an option.   The restaurant was neat looking, I really liked the atmosphere and decor, and found the service to be awesome.  It's just that the food was so unbelievably meh.  C'MON! With competition like "the parlor" and "pizzeria bianco" you'd think they be cranking out some really tasty pies.  We had the pear - gorgonzola and the egg pizza.  Lemmie tell ya, I shoulda been weeping with flavor-gasm after eating such  tasty titles.  I have pizza blue-balls instead., FTL. I wouldn't say no if someone wanted to buy me dinner here again, but I certainly wouldn't volunteer my soon to be unemployment check dollars here either.
3	I like the pizza here and the wait staff is friendly.  My boyfriend and I dine here regularly, usually stop in for a pizza and a glass of wine before the movie.  I'm partial to the Margherita pizza (in my opinion pizza is better when it is not overcrowded with toppings).  The atmosphere is about what you expect from a strip mall pizzeria...lacks the cham or L'Grand Orange or Cibo.  I would have give the restaurant four stars except for the terrible top-forty soundtrack...a mellower sound track gets one more track.  How about some Sinatra, jazz...
2	They must have been having an off day at lunch today, because when I lunched there several months ago it was great.  If I just had to go off of today's experience, though, it would be zero stars.  It took 45 minutes to get our food; ordered off the Express Menu no less.  The kitchen is open, and we could see at least four people in the kitchen but they seemed to be taking turns cooking while the other three stood around and watched.  The guy I saw making our pizzas clearly didn't know what he was doing, and as much as I'm for professional development, I just don't like the idea of someone pawing their bare hands over and over again through my pizza's raw dough while they practice.  (Good thing it was actually for my lunch partner, as I ordered a sandwich!)  My sandwich, a soprasetta with salami, red peppers, cheese and arugula probably had 1/2 cup of salad dressing on it.  The dressing overpowered the whole sandwich, made everything slimy and dripped all over my plate.  The pizzas were undercooked in the middle.  Even with the long wait, our empty iced teas only were refilled just before the check came, and sodas never were refilled.  Although prices were clearly marked on the menu, I was still irked that I had to pay $46 to allow someone to waste my time and feed me their bad food.  Two stars because the fries were good and we had a great lunch there last time.
2	I really wanted to give them a better rating because they have great toppings. Service was great, cute little restaurant, beer flights and wine flights, but the pizza dough was just ok.  Wasn't expecting the dough to be so "doughy". I was looking for that crisp dough you get at a wood fire oven place.  I've been searching long and hard for that pizza place with an egg pizza to remind me of the pizza's I had in Italy.  Just have to say great toppings, but work on the dough.
5	Excellent pizza. We went in a large group and were able to sample many menu items. The Goat Cheese and Shrimp pizza were the best. Probably can't go wrong with any of them.
5	I'd just like to thank Andrew K. for introducing me to this gem. You are a wonderful wonderful man because dudes, this place is delicious. Strawberries, Gorgonzola & candied pecans on fresh greens - hell yes. Perfect pizza crust that is crunchy on the outside and fluffy on the inside covered with delicious fresh toppings. Cozy seating AND a full bar. This place is pizza perfection and you need to go here immediately. The mouthgasm is totally worth the drive.
4	I used to live by this Humble Pie and never went. Now that I live downtown I finally make it there? Go figure. I met the venerable Richard Z for lunch today. The other leg of the "Tripod", Dallas G was missing. The place wasn't too busy for lunch, but it was about 130 so the lunch rush may have already ended. We sat out on the patio since it was a typical 70 degree December day. Nice patio that is probably perfect at night. The menu had salads, pastas, and of course pizzas. They offer a pretty good lunch special of an 8" pizza and salad for $8.95. They have specific pizzas for this on specific days, but our server said we could have any pizza we wanted. I give credit to Mr. Z and his charm for that. I decided on the Artichoke which had fontina and ricotta cheese, 3 different olives, and caramelized onions. I got the Veggie salad which had jicima, romaine, tomatoes, green beans, avacado, white beans, and fresh mozzarella with a herb vinagrette. The salad was very tasty. Z had the Cesar which he noted that the croutons were amazing. He subsequently bit his tongue in half following this statement. There was blood and everything.Our pizzas came out before we were done with the salads, which is a bit of a pet peeve of mine. Mine was very good, but I wish the crust wasn't as bready and a little more well done. Otherwise perfectly delicious. Z got the Egg pizza which had a sunny side up egg and panceta. He seemed very pleased with his selection. I could tell by the sounds coming from across the table. I also enjoyed one of the iciest Stellas I have ever had. Perfect for a day like today.Overall a very good experience and I would definitely come back to this location or any of the others throughout the valley. Well done Humble Pie.
3	This little place can be packed at busy times - and the tables are really close together.  Then, it gets HOT and they open the windows to try and get some air moving - which is often no help.  I had this experience twice.  If they have A/C, it must not have been working.Wife likes the wine selection.  Pizza good but not great.  Pricey.If you can dine at an off time, when it won't be crowded, I think you may have a four star experience, but the food ain't 5 star IMHO.
3	Been here 5-6 times. It's overrated. Good crust and decent Caesar Salad, but poor service from too-good-to-help employees makes it not worth my while...
3	Well, my long overdue update to my Humble Review has arrived.  I must say that I was much more pleased in all ways with my return visit.  The food was better, the service pleasant and all in all I think I will be returning again.
4	I'm so lucky that I work across from Desert Ridge.  The pizza selection is the best; their sirloin/chicken chili is the best as is their salads (I'm not a big salad eater).  Great bar service and daily specials.
5	I really, really loved Humble Pie. They make the kind of pizza that Sauce aspires to in it's deepest fantasies. Seriously - We split two: Artichoke and Potato. they were SO. GOOD. Just what I want from a pizza - wood fired, creamy, crusty, yummy. We also split some fries... Get these. Just do it. The service was decent, but we went at a weird time - there was hardly anyone there. Humble Pie: Please open a location downtown.
5	I love Humble Pie. I am in walking distance and due to its convenient location, my boyfriend and I often dine there. We've never had an issue with service and have tried, with pleasure, almost everything on the menu.They have a great happy hour, featuring half priced drinks and food options for $2-$5. The happy hour runs everyday from 3-6, which works out well for our schedules since we usually want a late afternoon snack on Saturday or early dinner on Sunday. (If you don't like kids or crowds, I advise getting there early on Sunday night as it's their Kids Eat Free night and it gets loud and busy.)We get to-go food a lot. Last week, we abandoned our usual pizza order (Pizza Margherita) for an impressive steak salad. The steak was very lean and prepared to a perfect medium rare. It had really nice flavor, as well. The salad was a mix of romaine and arugula, which paired well with the steak. It was served with an absolutely delicious caper-mustard vinaigrette. I'll keep updating this as I eat there a lot!
4	Redemption!  Did Friday Happy Hour and they took great care of us.  Two of us snagged one of the last open 4-top tables while we waited for the other two to show up.  Within 15 minutes the place was packed and stayed so for the two hours we were there.  We weren't hassled for holding the table the 20 minutes it took everyone to show up, but took care of us with drinks and fries while we waited and checked in on us often throughout our stay.  HH priced drinks were very good (they could use a better selection of white wines though), and HH priced food was great.  I know they're just fries, but these guys make some killer fries!  Thin and crispy with garlic and parsley and cheese,  The HH priced pizzas were good, but seemed slightly undercooked yet again.  Extra star is for the excellent service even though we were only ordering off the HH menu and there were many waiting for our table.
5	I really really really enjoy Humble Pie.  Tried every pizza on the menu and the only one that I didn't like was the little neck clam, but that's just personal preference...  The pistachio is a 'dry' pizza, different but good!  And, when they do their half price pizzas, my eyes always become larger than my stomach but I'm left with days of leftovers YUM!!!  My most most most absolute favorite is the Prosciutto & Pear, profoundly delicious to me!!!
5	Random, but why is this HP so very very much better than its original Scottsdale counterpart? I have no idea, but the service is better and the food is better. The antipasto platter is delicious in its simplicity: slices of fresh bread, some weird salami stuff I can't pronounce, marinated grape tomatoes with basil, chunks of Parm and Cheddar cheeses, a small bowl of big weird spicy olives. That puppy didn't last five minutes at our table.The pizza? Surprisingly good, crispy and coated with corn meal on its underbelly, bursting with fresh goat cheese and roasted red peppers on top. A tip for those of you who find the usually flaccid crusts associated with wood-fired pizzas distasteful: get it well done. Crispy and delicious.The dessert? Oh sweet dear God in heaven. HP has its own version of a "Pizzookie", which is a half-baked cookie in a pizza-esque tin with ice cream on top, not some weird porn trick or Jersey Shore freak show. This is the single most perfect version of the Pizzookie on the planet: barely baked, hot melty chocolate chip cookie dough, hidden under three scoops of vanilla ice cream. The cookie dough is all hot and gooey and the juxtaposition against the frosty ice cream is just divine. Seriously, my mouth is watering even thinking about it. Yeah.And perhaps HP's most incredible accomplishment of all: my SO, my father, and myself -- perhaps the three individually and collectively most picky, bitchy, and nitpicky people on the planet -- are ALL. HAPPY. THERE. Sold! We will be back, again and again.
3	Food was good, service good, but make sure you double-check your tab. My mistake in adding the subtotal and tip, resulting in an extra $10 for the server on top of the 20% for the $100 tab. Called within an hour to get it corrected, told it would be taken care of, but no luck. Emailed a few days later, no response a week later. Seems customer service isn't on their radar screen.
4	I can't say enough about this wonderful pizza place tucked away in the Hilton Village. I try to stop for a pie after a massage but I would drive half way across the world for just a taste of this delicious delicacy. My first visit was prompted by a post on Facebook. My friend frequently posted that she was there with her family. I thought, "Oh, another kid's pizza joint with rubbery crust and crumbled cheese." I was happily mistaken. The pizza was delicious and the atmosphere was tasteful and worthy or a date-night. It is somewhat small inside but they have plenty of outdoor seating accompanied by any and all weather accessories (roll down shade, heaters, fans, etc.).The first pizza I tried at Humble Pie was the Potato & Roasted Garlic with fontina, gorgonzola, rosemary. I was surprised that this wood fired potato pizza wasn't soggy or droopy. It was amazing. My next trip I had The Egg Pizza, which sounds scary but isn't. It was like breakfast on a pizza! You can't beat that!The service can be slow at times but I have patience and I don't notice as much when I'm stuffing my face with their perfectly crunchy but chewy pizza crust. Minus one star for empty cups and late checks but 4 stars for wonderful food. I would recommend to everyone (and I have)!
4	What a fantastic happy hour!! I arrived about 4:30 and it was happy hour and it ended at 6. I have no idea when it officially starts, sorry. All draft beer pints are $2.50 except Bud Light which is $2.00. The beers on draft included Stella Artois, Drop Top, Four Peaks, and some others I can't remember because I don't drink beer. I had a delicious glass of summer sangria made from white wine and it was very refreshing. I also had a sweet tea vodka cocktail and they were each $5. They also had a huge selection of wines that were $5 a glass. Happy enough for you? NO??? Well, we also indulged in a happy hour priced, $3, small Caesar salad. It was basic and delicious. Romaine, celery, croutons, lemon juice, and an unfishy Caesar dressing. My friends then each had a happy hour sized (8 inches) pepperoni pizza for $5. I found a coupon on their website for a $7.95 pizza, so I got the 11 inch meatball pizza. The meatballs were AWESOME!!! I think the pie needed to be cooked a bit longer to be strong enough to support those big balls. I had a fork and knife, so I went about eating it that way. The upper crust was somewhat buttery and the crispness was just right. The service was great as well. We sat at the bar and the bartender asked each of us our names, shook our hands, and then remembered our names and what we wanted when we would request anything from him. 3 salads, 3 pizzas, 2 beers, and 2 cocktails for about $50?!?!?! Unheard of. I'm definitely a fan. A super fan of their happy hour.
4	Best pizza ever!! They have the most delicious pizza. Ive been to pizza bianco and the have nothing on humble pie. Good food, good service, good atmosphere. If anyone asks for a good pizza place, this is where I am telling them to go.
5	My new favorite pizza! Every single one I've tried has been spectacular but my alltime favorite is currently the egg topped option. We like to get a pizza, a side salad (the strawberry salad is fabulous) along with the mac and cheese. Perfection. The casual atmosphere, excellent staff and yummy food make this a regular haunt for us.
4	Stopped here for lunch yesterday. I've been to the one in Scottsdale but I think this one is a tad better. Had the Spaghetti and Meatball special. On "Meatball Wednesday" you can get either a full size Meatball Pizza or a full order of Spaghetti and Meatballs for only $7.95. It did not disappoint. They do have lunch specials for $8.95 between 11-2 daily for either a half salad with soup, sandwich or 8" pizza. You get a choice of salad from about four different selections: chopped salad, veggie salad, Caesar salad or strawberry Gorgonzola salad.    The pizzas are gourmet type pizzas with unusual ingredient toppings such as pistachio's, fennel, potatoes.   Give this place a try.
4	Love it.  we had salad pizza and bottle of wine.  Excellent service.  Will visit again.
4	You can't go wrong, even if it is in this 2nd location. I've tried them first in Scottsdale, and this place comes really convenient close to MIM. This time I've tried the Iceberg wedge salad plus Coppa Ham. I just love the ingredients they use for all. if you know a MIM worker, tag alone...they have a special discount :D
4	I have been here a few times now and am never disappointed.  They have great lunch specials... you can choose from a  pizza + soup or salad or a sandwich + soup or salad for $8.95.  Today I chose the Roasted Mushroom pizza with house-made mozzarella,pancetta, green onion + a chopped salad... so yummy!  I have also had the Schreiners Sicilian Sausage pizza with roasted fennel, house-made mozzarella,tomato sauce.  Like i said ... never been disappointed:)  the service is always great too.  So go check it out!:)
4	Great happy hour, friendly service, satisfyingly spicy drumettes and fresh margherita pizza.  I was lucky to stumble into this place after my MIM visit.
4	Just have to let you know, stopped by here last Wednesday to take advantage of their "meatball Wednesday"  that I wrote about in my previous review and they no longer have that special.   It has been replaced with discounted bottles of wine on Wednesday.   Humble Pie is still great though!!
5	Another great visit to Humble Pie!Did their Thursday Date Night thing.  Two half salads, a pizza & two glasses of wine = $20I've always had wonderful food and brilliant service!!!Don't forget the chili basil sauce :-)
5	Love the happy hour here, just wish it went later then 6PM!  5 dollar wine and pizza!  And love the wine selection!Potato pizza is probably my fav.  Love all the different choices, and even the pepperoni in delish.  Not to mention the BEST calamari I have ever had!
3	Interesting flavor combos- A for effort and creativity, B for taste.
3	Food was pretty good. (It's no NY or Chicago pizza, but it's decent.) The service was interesting: prompt attention by busboys and a waitress that couldn't have less of a personality. Overall I'd say it was good other than the fact that it was way too hot in there. Sorry guys - it's too early to have all of the windows open in Phoenix without turning down the air conditioning as well.
4	Ambiance is GREAT! Food also Great! Happy Hour ok.... But definitely a fun place to be when your with a small group of people looking for a good slice of pie. Service is very friendly- a must go again place!
4	A different kind of pizza, which is refreshing in the valley. I also enjoy the bar setup, it's a good place to have a drink on a nice day.
4	I just lunched at the northern-most Humble Pie location.Landing in the sea of corporate restaurants I was excited to find (on Yelp) that Humble Pie was also located here and provided a great option for the bajillions of homes and homeowners nearby (and this center city girl out of her backyard).They have an outside option earning any Phoenix restaurant at least 1 star.  Atmosphere was good.  The service was really efficient though a bit lacking in personality (hey, anyone can have an 'off' day though).  Shrimp pizza was great.  Looking at the shrimp before biting in I was sure they were going to be bland and have an off texture BUT I was quite wrong.  Veggie salad is a chop style salad and quite good.  Salt adds a lot to their fresh mozzarella, in the salad. but my husband reminds that it adds to his high blood pressure too.  Fortunately for me--my blood pressure is low - go SALT.Enjoy, I did.
4	Went to Humble Pie for a laid back Valentine's Day dinner with my husband and it was fantastic. We made reservations because we assumed Valentine's day would be packed (and it was). We were immediately seated even though we arrived 20 minutes earlier than our reservation and our server stopped by shortly with waters for us and asked for our drink order. A friend recommended their red wine blend to me but didn't know what it was called. I asked the waitress if she knew which one my friend was talking about and she immediately pointed out the correct one on the menu. I am so happy I ordered it! It was fabulous (Murietta in case anyone is wondering) and a great compliment to my dinner.Anyway, they had a Valentine's day special (1 app, 2 salads, 1 pizza, 2 cookies) so we started with the cheese and meat board for our app. It was fabulous - 3 cheeses, 3 meats, fresh bread, olives, and tomatoes. Delish! Next we both ordered the chopped salads which were super fresh and very tasty! Then we got the pepperoni pizza and it was awesome. By thing point we were stuffed and could only eat half of it! We took the other half of the pizza and our cookies to go. We had a great experience and great food. We will be going back.
5	I LOVE YOU HUMBLE PIE!!! I order this to go about once per week. I call before I leave the office and it is ready to go in 10 minutes. It's tastier and faster than any delivery pizza you can get...unless you are hung over on a Sunday and cant bare to drive to pick it up. ;) I just tried the wings last week and will get the extra spicy next time but even once i brought them home they were still crispy and tender. noms! Pepperoni pizza, I love you. Small gourmet little slices of meat love. My bf gets the clam pizza...never had a bite but he loves it! I just cant seem to get away from what a normal pizza should be. The crust of the pizza is killer, chewy and fluffy. Amazing wood fired taste to it as well. This place is always packed during dinner hours but dies down around 8pm or so. Looks like a really fun place to go for mingling in the busy hours. After 9-10 hours of work, I am done talking to people and prefer pizza time with cats and bf.
4	The folks at Humble Pie know how to make very good pizza! They have two locations, but I can only vouch for this particular one.  Location ~ conveniently located across the street from the Desert Ridge Mall tucked away into the little strip center.  The restaurant is nicely decorated in a somewhat modern Italian style but the bar and patio are is the place to be!  Their bar extends outside onto the side walk and separates the dinning room from the patio. Nicely done.Service ~ not outstanding but ok. I asked our server about the 2 for $20 deal and she stated that the special was good during the summer.  I inquired about any other offers and she stated there were none at this time.  But they do have a coupon you can print for a free pizza from their web site she failed to mention.  Our drinks never ran dry, they were very attentive to meet our needs.Food ~ Started with a Caesar salad.  It was extremely fresh and the celery hearts made this salad more interesting with an added texture.  We had the chicken parmesan pizza with provolone, mozzarella and parm cheeses, breaded chicken on a red sauce.  It was very good. The thin crust held together very well even with the added ingredients.  Their brick oven cooks very hot so there was some great char-age around the edges.  We also had their S.O.P. pizza pie with sausage, roasted red peppers, caramelized onions, ricotta and mozzarella cheese on a red sauce.  This was also an excellent choice!  The ricotta cheese and roasted red peppers gave this pie a very unique taste and high on the delish-o-meter.They have some great beers and a modest wine selection for you to choose from.  I recommend dinning during their happy hour 3-6 to save some cash-ola on there beverages and apps. Don't forget to visit their web site to see if they have a coupon or special running.  It's a great place for pizza, salads, sandwiches and pasta's so hope to see you there!
4	my wife and i come here probably 2-3 x a month.  great fire baked pizza made in the back of the restaurant.  if its chilly - sit by the oven in the back.the only reason i'm giving it 4 stars not 5 is the low def tv's - come on, pay the extra $10/month and give me my HD!!  nice outdoor patio too.one other huge plus - 4 peaks Hop Knot on draft in an iced glass! yay!
3	If you're headed there for  the lunch hour, you probably should put your "out of office" on your email because you'll be there for at least the next two hours. Alas, when I saw that there was a lunch special (about $10 for a half salad and pizza), I figured it would be a relatively typical lunch hour. Usually places that have lunch specials abide by the 1-hour lunch rule, but definitely not this place--at least, not in this instance. Holy moly, I had no idea that it took so long to make salad and pizza at Humble Pie. I am a regular at Sauce Pizza + Wine, and it usually takes them about 3 minutes to bring my salad after ordering, then another 5 minutes to have my pizza out. I think we were about 45 minutes into being at Humble Pie when our salads were brought out. I think my coworker was about ready to eat his shirt at that point.Alright, so how good was this hyped up place? Well...it was ok. First, I was a little surprised that the restaurant was small and the tables were kind of cramped, but I guess that adds to the ambiance of being a humble place. I ordered the strawberry & gorgonzola salad, which was OK, but not very flavorful. It kind of tasted like a salad I'd make at home. My pizza was a standard pepperoni, to which I added on olives. The pepperoni is the smaller diameter style pepperoni found at some other specialty pizza joints like Grimaldi's. It was uber salty and greasy, which felt very sinful as I was eating it. I think there was enough pepperoni on the pizza to cover 2 or 3 pizzas, actually. The crust, cheese and sauce were good, however. I suppose I should have ordered a veggie pizza or something a little less meaty to enjoy my meal.Overall, the food was OK, but nothing out of the ordinary special that I'd die to take my friends to. At least the service is pretty good (aside from the kitchen being super low), so I suppose I'd be OK with going back and giving it another shot...on a weekend.
4	I've been meaning to try Humble Pie for a while, and as luck would have it this weekend I was in the right place at the right time and we decided to stop in. Rumors are true, everything is delicious. We shared the strawberry & gorgonzola salad, which was flavorful, light, and summery. Then we split the Schreiners Sicilian Sausage pizza. It was flavorful, spicy, and delicious. I will definitely be back to Humble Pie when I need a pizza fix.
4	Went there twice last week with friends who were visiting from out of town.  The first time we went for lunch and enjoyed their lunch specials.  I had the chopped salad with the prosciutto and pear pizza.  It was amazing.  My friends tried the veggie salad and the BLT pizza (she subbed arugula for lettuce).  Everyone was raving about their meals.A few days later I came back for dinner.  We shared a couple bottles of wine and again had the chopped salad and veggie salad, this time with chicken added.  We ordered the tempura stringbeans for an appetizer and enjoyed every bite!  For dessert we indulged in the warm chocolate chip cookie with ice cream.  It was decadent.  Service was friendly and attentive.We'll be back for sure.
4	Great wood fired pizza.  Try the Margherita...meatless but amazing.  The Antipasto board is a great app!  I live at the Shade and get a 10% discount.  My GF drinks the Chianti and I love the Hop Knot IPA from local brewer Four Peaks.  A must visit if you are ever in the Desert Ridge area.  Would love to give it five stars and they are close.
4	been wanting to try this place for some time now and finally did last Saturday for dinner.Was pleasantly surprised to find out that they have happy hour daily and not just during the week! We started off with the tempura greenbeans with a mustard dipping sauce - very tasty...the kiddo didn't like them, but come on they are green...we then ordered a plain cheese pizza for the kid and us adults split the pistachio pizza - shaved leeks, red onion, - delish.   The cheese pizza was really good too - the red sauce wasn't too sweet or overloaded.We rarely save room for dessert, but wanted to try the hot cookie ice cream dessert.   Glad we did - it was tasty....not as good as Oregano's, but a strong second place contender.The service was good, friendly, and fast.   looks like they do quite a bit of takeout service as well.    the place is small and the tables are cramped - we were able to get a hightop table against the wall, so didn't feel to cramped.  We will certainly be back - we have our list of what pizza's we want to try next!
5	Love it!! Great pizza, awesome patio. Have to say I like this place more than Pizzeria Bianco.
4	Wow, I really like Humble Pie. The thing is I've lived right around the corner from this restaurant for over 2 years now and have been there a couple times, but recently I came in with family and was shocked at home much I loved the food. Actually, it's kinda of funny story how we ended up reuniting with Humble Pie... we tried to take family to Tryst Cafe next door at 7pm and were told by someone on their waitstaff that they close at 8, so if we are going to take awhile, we should go somewhere else. WHAT?!?! Well of course we immediately left and went right next door to a more than happy to serve us Humble Pie. The pizza at Humble Pie is unique, but has such a good crust it's unbelievable. I just love the taste of that darn crust. They have good cheap wines, excellent salads, and tasty appetizers. Also, my Husband and I used to come here JUST to get an order of their cheesecake to go--- it's that GOOD. The last time we were here we have the pizza cookie and it also was amazing. All in all, we've been eating here a lot more frequently and I'm so happy we rediscovered it's goodness. Thanks to Humble Pie for accepting our business happily... unlike it's next door neighbor...
5	Truth be told, great happy hour. Very strong drinks, we all know I'm a fan of that :) I just had to try the Lemoncello Margarita, I mean come on...awesome idea! I loved it.It was hard to find parking close to the place though. Something nearby must be REALLY popular, because it was packed. I was nervous there wouldn't be enough room for my group, but surprisingly there was...plenty.RECOMMENDATIONS: Lemoncello Margarita, and the Tempura Green Beans!
4	I really loved the pizza and the salad I had on my birthday here!  Great stuff!
4	Money. Pizza was fabulous. Almost worth moving north to be closer. Recommend it. My wife loved the French fries and so did my two boys. I thought pizza was great.
5	Great Pie with an atmosphere made for kicking back and enjoying a beer or three.  I've never had a bad meal here, and I think the Desert Ridge location is the best one of these around.  I haven't eaten at any of the other ones, but I can't find a bad thing to say about this establishment and its pizza so it must be the best one.  Whether you have a friend in town that you want to let in on the secret that Phoenix has some of the best pizza anywhere, or just going out with your buddies for the night, this place will never do you wrong.
5	This place just opened up next to my office. It's so good and quick. The place used to be 'The Living Room' they still have some of that menu but the pizza is where it is at.
4	Very good pizza with a lot of unique offerings for the combinations.  I LOVE that the menu calls out no substitutions on the pies ( I loathe picky eaters).  Also worth mentioning that they make their own olives and mozzarella cheese, which makes them a bad ass in my book.Great lunch specials!
3	I am always searching for good pizza place. This place was ok, so the search is on...
2	My friends and I visited this restaurant for my birthday.  It was an impromtu gathering so we didn't have reservations but decided to try it based on a friend's recommendation.  When the 6 of us arrived we were happy to see several open tables so we hoped the wait time would be short.  The staff seemed more than irritated that we would bother them for dinner and said that the wait would be "very long because they were very busy" and we were inconsiderate enough to not have reservations. (I'm adding the word inconsiderate to convey the attitude we received.  I want to make sure my review is painting an accurate picture of the service that was received.)  We should have left right away but instead walked over to the bar for pre-dinner drinks and appetizers.  We had just gotten our appetizers when we were informed that a table was now available for us.  (There were actually several open tables so I'm not sure if they were short staffed or just trying to be difficult because we didn't have a reservation.)  The service didn't improve and we suffered through dinner.  The portions were smaller than we had anticipated but the food and service was so slow we didn't dare to order more.  The drinks also left much to be desired.  The restaurant definitely missed out on revenue with their service.  We would have ordered more and spent more had the service been acceptable.  We will also never return and have passed the story of our disappointing visit to others.
4	I never eat at a place twice.  But today I did at Humble Pie. I was in town for work and the gals suggested i walk over to Humble Pie. Their 9.99 lunch special was terrific. You get a choice of 4 "half salads." I chose the delightfully fresh chopped salad. Fresh housemade mozarella, grape tomatoes, chopped lettuce that looked like romaine, salami, shredded turkey and a tasty dressing.  Everything was chopped bite size and it had such great flavor. I also got a 9 inch artichoke pizza. Artichoke, cheese, carmelized onions on a tasty chewy crust. It was the perfect lunch. My girlfriend had the veggie salad and delightful margharita pizza. The veggie salad was also topped with slices of avocado.At the end of my work day I decided to go back to Humble pie and order a large chopped salad. Delish!  I think I may even go back tomorrow.Happy hour glasses of wine are $5 each. The service was great and the lunch deals cannot be beat. The waiter passed by with a plate of lasagne, it looks wonderful, as did the spaghetti and meatballs.  Maybe next time, although the chopped salad was perfection!
3	I was so hopeful of this place being awesome and then I just got disappointed that it was just an average pizza joint.  I had the antipasto plate and then the egg pizza.  Both items were just average and that's all I can say about the place as a whole just average.  Now I would go back for a happy hour because they had some great deals but if I'm craving pizza I will head to one of my fav's instead.
4	thursday nights is date night: 1 app, 2 sm salads, 1 pizza for $20.  it was a great deal.  the app we ordered was the calamari and it was good with the pesto sauce.  i ordered the veggie salad which had green beans, cheese and a lite vinegar dressing.  loved it!  the pizza was a thin crust and we got the sausage.   will go back!
3	Mixed reviews from my husband and I:His comments: * Salad was good - we had the spinach & Gorgonzola salad. * Pizza was really good, but too expensive. Plus, it was the thinner type so you wouldn't expect to pay that much.* Wait staff - not good. * Ambiance - pretty nice. Has a NY type of feeling.* Too pricey to go backMy comments: * Salad had too much dressing. It was dripping with the balsamic stuff. I don't like soppy lettuce.* Pizza was just ok. It was served to us fairly quickly considering that the place was packed. However, it was not hot. Plus, we had to wave our server down to ask her to heat it up. She didn't seem very happy with us and did not offer an apology for the cold pie. After all, this place is called Humble Pie. * Wait staff - Not good. Not very forthcoming with the menu and only seemed to be interested in getting the ordering over with.* The staff should be humble enough to ask the customer if everything is ok after the food is served. That never happened. Even when she brought over the check we got nothing. * Ambiance - too loud and dark! Tables and chairs are packed tight in this place so plan to share your space with others not in your party. * Definitely not going back. We paid $34 plus tip for a small Cesar salad, pizza with three toppings, soft drink and glass of wine. Too much money for some Si's food.
3	I remember when this place first opened.  I was very excited since it seemed so "humbling".I came here for lunch and thought this place actually looks "okay" at best.  Chicken Sandwich was excellent.  The bread was toasty and crunchy, while the Chicken and toppings were warm and buttery!  However, the soup can improve.  They only gave to you 2 options so I guess I had a 50/50 chance of getting the good one!  The place was loud and popping!  Not sure what to make of it since they had wine racks and wine, but then teeny hot pink tank tops hanging from the wines.  Is this supposed to make me want to drink more wine or should I buy a shirt for my GF?  Though I don't think anyone would appreciate a shirt that says PIE.  Service was good, I guess.  Our waiter was very nice and helpful, but he seemed flustered with a smile.  He didn't do anything wrong by any means except he was going about 100 more miles than I was.  - Enjoy
4	Happy hour is great here! And not just great as in the prices are right but the location is good too. I really like their patio area too. It has curtains and heat lamps so you're nice and warm but away from the restaurant. Try their chicken parmesan pizza. You'll be in heaven!
2	very expensive and the chicken was dry
4	This is a favorite spot to grab a yummy pizza!  The pizzas are great and so is the service.  The strawberry gorgonzola salad is delicious and you can't resist their Pizza cookie hot out of the oven!
4	These gourmet pizzas are anything but humble.We split a caesar salad and a marinated tomato & arugula pizza.  The pizza was awesome.  The arugula complimented the sauce and cheese quite well.  The quality of the ingredients was worth the $12.95.  If you think that price is too much for a pizza that size, you can always order Domino's.  I happen to prefer to pay extra for quality.  The salad was good.  There was nothing special about it.  Standard caesar.A pretty cool feature is the pizza "bar."  Humble Pie has an open view of its pizza oven with a few seats in front of it.  The restaurant was slammed on Friday night, but there were a pair of open seats there, so we opted to eat at the pizza bar instead of waiting 20 minutes (or sit outside in the cold).  It was pretty amusing to watch the cooks make the pizzas.The happy hours and lunch deals look really good.  Humble Pie is right down the street from my new home.  I have a feeling I'll be stopping in quite often.
4	Humble Pie? Fumble Pie? Or Tumble Pie? Let me break it down. I ordered the wood fired S.O.P. Pizza. It was comparable to a superficial woman. How can you compare a pizza to a superficial woman, you ask? Well, let's see . . . it looked good on the surface, but every additional piece that made it look good had to come off eventually. For instance, as I picked up the pizza (woman), all the toppings (accessories) tumbled off. The red peppers (painted nails) fell off, the caramelized onions (long eyelashes) fell off, the sausage (stuffed chest) fell off, and even the mozzarella / ricotta cheese (wig) fell off. The lack of toppings (accessories) then exposed the fired dough (tanned body), with a crust (buttocks) that underwent an extensive crustosuction (liposuction), to remove the access fluffy dough (fat), which then left an airy (built) crust (buttocks). Why then did I give "Humble" Pie four stars? Because in the same way that a superficial woman can be attractive, the S.O.P. Pizza was flavorful. The challenge was eating it topping by topping with a fork, instead of with my hands like a pizza. Furthermore, the service was quite chipper, and that lunch pizza came with a 5-star Chopped Salad (naturally hot best friend). I guiltily fell in love with it. I could only revel in the wonderfully balanced blend of turkey, salami, tomatoes, and mozzarella, with just enough herb vinaigrette (makeup) to accentuate its flavor (beauty).
5	Excellent!  Great ambiance and friendly service.  Quick and delicious.
3	Food is good, not exceptional. Pizzas are mild in flavor. My favorite would have to be their parsley, garlic, lemon zest fries. Service is great.
3	This was my first visit to Humble Pie, with that being said it was an ok experience. Walking in I was greeted right away by what I would say would have been a server, I said that I would like to sit on the patio. I sat and saw a few of my friends there I sat at a table next to them and talked with them while waiting to get a glass of water or something to drink. I saw 2 other tables to get sat and were greeted right away by a server who got them drinks it took him 20 mins to get to me to get a water. I order the hot wing or buffalo chicken pizza what ever it was called I didn't realize it was going to have the whole top of the pizza covered in ranch. The pizza was ok and a little over priced.
4	Cool atmosphere inside this place. Nice indoor brick oven. Relaxing outdoor seating that had ample shading on the wrap around patio!I ordered the Rosemary potato pizza and added chicken to it while Bryan (my "hubs")  ordered the meat lover's pizza. Being a meat lover myself, I should've known that the meat lover's pizza was particularly more tasteful and "better" than mine, but mine was still good. I used to love the rosemary chicken potato pizza at California Pizza Kitchen until it was sadly discontinued. I was almost so upset that I refrained from going to CPK for awhile (I know... silly reason, but that's me!) I was looking to fulfull that need with the rosemary potato pizza here. I really do believe that it's good, but I felt the flavor could've been stronger. I barely could taste the rosemary in the pizza. Strangely enough...What I loved more than anything though was the pizza crust. It just tasted wonderful and had the right texture to it! This wonderful crust paired with the meat lover's pizza was sooo- good! So even though my own didn't wow me, because I loved the meat lovers and because I want to try all the other huge varieties of pizzas here, I will definitely return! It'd be cool if there could be a gigantic "sampler" pizza of all their specialty pizzas, but I guess that would be kind of hard to accomplish, now wouldn't it? One can dream...
3	I really like their pizza.  We always order the caesar salad, roasted mushroom and the sausage pizza.  Eating here is better since the food is served hot.  We ordered take out the other day, and it was just ok.  I think it was because the pizza is so thin, that by the time we got home, it was lukewarm.  It was still very tasty, but a little pricey.
2	I really didn't think this place was great at all. The pizza, which I assumed was the main attraction, wasn't even up to par with a digorno frozen pizza. The whole brick oven thing is great, and has a good effect on the crust, but my pepperoni pizza was a big letdown. I've never seen so much grease pooling on a pizza before.   Two stars because I didn't have to pay, which was lucky for me.
4	Had their "SOP" pie after finding a Groupon for 50% off, and was thoroughly satisfied with the quality of ingredients, and flavor.  It wasn't the "best" pizza I've ever had, but it was certainly delicious.  I have no problem recommending this place to anyone!
3	We had a Groupon. With that deal, the place is totally worth it. Decent happy hour; tasty pizzas. I definitely am curious to try their other pizza variations. We got SOP and the pear one. Both tasty.The downsides? If we didn't have the Groupon, it would be a bit costly for the amount of pizza you get. Also, because they're wood-fired, it doesn't seem like the crust can hold too many toppings. The biggest downside, though, is the atmosphere. They pack you into this place like sardines! I will go back because, like I said, I'm curious about the other specialty pizzas. But I might be waiting til there's another Groupon.
5	Great staff, excellent food and drink selection.
5	Favorite spot in all of Desert Ridge.  New menu, happy hour starts from open to six.
4	I've been here twice and am about to go for a third time.  Aside from the very difficult parking, and noisy admosphere, I like it very much.  I've gotten the bruschetta, which was fabulous.  The fries are amazing, and the salads delish!   I really need to try a few diffrent things, but when I enjoy certain dishes, it's hard to not order them again and again!
5	Great food, nice people, good service :)
5	When I am in Phoenix this is a must have for me.  The happy hour special is what got me going there and the food and drinks keep me coming back.  The pepperoni is my all time favorite with overlapping petite pepperonis that curl up into little bowls.  The appetizers and salads are also tasty.
3	Every Thursday night, from 6pm to close, they have a special called "Date Night". You and your date can order any 1 appetizer (choose from about 6 appetizers) to share, then each person gets a salad, and then you can order any one pizza off the menu to split. All of this for $20 - it's a fantastic deal! Needless to say, we've been here a few times. We've tried all the appetizers (French fries, fried calamari, tempura green beans, and  1/2 order of caprese) and while none are really my favorite, the husband likes the calamari the best. Our favorite salad is the Strawberry Gorganzola which has a nice balsamic vinaigrette and walnuts. We haven't tried any of the other salads, but they look good. Our favorite pizza to order is the mushroom pizza with pancetta and green onions. Then, for dessert, we usually order the pizzookie (pizza cookie!). You can order it in 6" or 8" and it comes with two scoops of vanilla ice cream and caramel/chocolate drizzle. We always save room for this delicious treat and if it's on the menu, we are all over it!
4	My husband and I went back to Humple Pie with a free pizza coupon. We went again during happy hour. This time we tried the all meat and the fig pizzas. We also got the chopped apple salad and a few cocktails.Humble Pie has grown on me. The pizzas are scrumptious, and the happy hour deals are good. They also put coupons in the val-u-pack circulars frequently, so that'll keep me going back.
3	I was introduced to Humble Pie a few years ago from friends that live in Phoenix.   I've always liked this place. Service is prompt and waiters are friendly and attentive. Humble Pie offers a variety of unique pizza options. Most recently I tried the "shrimp" (topped with house-made mozzarella, shrimp, herbs and lemon zest). It was an interesting combination of ingredients and tasty! Our table also decided to share the apple and arugula salad (jicama, tomatoes and greens with a lemony vinaigrette). The larger portion was the perfect size for 3. The name implies there should be apples in it. I was confused because there wasn't a single slice.  This place can get to be a little expensive when you order a couple pizzas and have a few drinks so dig for some coupons or check their website for "deals" on specific nights during the week. Happy hour might be a good option too. It runs from 11am to 6 pm. Most wines by the glass, specialty drinks and draft beers are $5. The best deal I found was right from their website. It lists a coupon for a free pizza if you spend $20 or more.
3	Tried the Strawberry Gorgonzola salad here. Quite sweet as warned by the waitress. Candied pecans were good, but it was a little overdoused in champagne vinaigrette. The outdoor patio was pleasant as was the service and bathrooms. Food was just OK in my book though.
4	Solid gourmet brick oven pizzas, good craft brews on tap, friendly service, and a covered patio. What's not to like? Consistently good, and the Pizza & Salad lunch combos are a nice change of pace. Had the Meat Lovers pie this weekend, and it is pork-tastic.
3	I would give this a 3.5. I would expect the pizza to be a lot better just because it is a Pie place. It was good but I've had a lot better. The thing this has is great ambiance. I love how low the lighting is. Dark tables that are turned perfectly so you don't feel like you are apart of other people's dinners. Great fire from the oven and open area bar. Had a good solid wine. We got the cheese board which was good. We both got pizza but like I said it was good just nothing special.
5	Best pizza and service in north phoenix!!!
4	On my pizza radar. Location is convenient. Inside is a little small but will seat a lot of people with optional outside seating as well. Gets busy really quick. Service adequate. Lighting inside can be a little dim and hard to see the presentation. Good thing I brought a flash.Came here to try the pizza. Had the Everyday Lunch Special for under $10. Starts with a half salad or a cup of soup then any of the smaller 9" pizzas on the menu or a half sandwich. Tried the Creamy Butternut Squash Soup which was tasty good and then the Schreiner's Sicilian Sausage Pizza with roasted fennel. Just the right amount of food to still feel like going back to work. Also tried the regular size pizza on another day when I could go home and take a cat nap afterwards. Ordered the Meat Lovers Pizza which has meatball, pepperoni, sausage, and panchetta. The pizzas are pretty good and it is fun see them being made in the open kitchen with the hot brick oven. You could easily order a few types of pizza and share them to experience all the different kinds.I was hoping for more of a flavor explosion in my mouth but would still go back. Maybe the pizza just needed a drizzle of EVOO at the table and / or  a little more garlic in the red sauce. Looking forward to going back so I can try some of the other types of pizzas as well as the starters and their other types of food on the menu. Order up!
5	I love Humble Pie.  They have a great lunch special and a great Happy Hour.  The service is always great and there is rarely a wait.  The goat cheese pizza is amazing!
4	We stopped in here the other day and ordered an artichoke pizza, a pepperoni pizza and the green beans tempura. The waitress was very friendly and recommended the green bean tempura.  I could've eaten a couple orders of those by myself.  They were excellent and I highly suggest them.  They were only $4 during happy hour and my Hop Knot IPA was only $2.50 during happy hour.  That was a great deal.  The pizza was very good.  I give the artichoke pizza high remarks and the pepperoni pizza was also good.  We sat inside but they have an outside seating area as well.  If you're at Desert Ridge this is a solid choice for a pie and beer.
5	Pistachio pizza is amazing!
5	When I was a kid, pizza was magic!  As an adult, thanks to the many national pizza chains, and the advent of $5 Hot n Ready..it's lost it's sparkle.  I rarely ever pick a pizza destination anymore, unless I'm needing to get my kids on board. But yesterday, I tried Humble Pie for the 1st time..and it took me back to when Pizza was new.  AWESOME!!!I should mention, they told me about the $2.50 Happy Hour Kiltlifters right away, so I was in love before I even placed my Pizza order. I had the Roasted Potato & Garlic pizza, and I'm still dreaming about it. There were places where the crust was burnt black..and even that was great..how do you do that??  I can't imagine going there and trying anything else..I'm the type of guy who finds one amazing dish and sticks with it. But my wife had the BBQ chicken and was equally impressed.  My advice...if you haven't been to Humble Pie...go there.
2	beyond disappointed.  I have been here several times and always had good experience but this last time was so bad it outweighed all the positive experience.  Our waiter Ryan could pnot have been more bothered to be working. We waited forever for our pizza despite sitting on the kitchen bar.  He never checked on us.  Pizza was so soggy it was dripping, when we complained he stared at us like we were speaking in tongue.  We asked for new pizza and got the same thing and when we complained again he said "that is how our pizza is, just let it sit and it will be better"  Right, as if my soggy pizza with become crisper by sitting.  Not sure if I will go back but for sure not to this location.  I will say that the butternut squash soup was the best I ever had.
4	We like this place, especially the happy hour menu and specials.  They have all day happy hour on the weekends which includes $5 glasses of any wine on the menu, not just the house stuff.  The pizza is thin/crispy style.  It's good pizza, not the best, but it has good crunch.  I find the sauce and cheese to be a bit bland, but it does have a good flavor and toppings can help add to that.  The outdoor seating is a plus, it's a great place to chill on a nice Saturday afternoon to enjoy some drinks and apps.  We like the atmosphere and friendly service.
3	An excellent brick oven pizza. The "side" salad is HUGE with a wonderful Caesar dressing to it. There were a LOT of staff - seemingly too many... I'd go back, but not necessarily go out of my way to go back.
3	Shrimp pizza is great and for some reason I liked their chopped salad.  Maybe it's because of the pizza and salad deal at lunch time.  Good variety of pizza and the crust is always nicely done.  Service is friendly.
4	Humble Pie is absolutely, stupidly delicious.We came here for lunch on Memorial Day, after seeing it a few weekends ago while we brunched at Tryst. All the patio/bar doors were wide open and we had a view of the giant wood-burning pizza oven.We decided to be fat (Hey, it was a holiday! MERCA!) and ordered the fries as an appetizer. Holy. The crispy, not-too-fat, not-too-thin pile of fries (Looks can be deceiving: The bowl they came in hid about half the order. So much.) were tossed in AMPLE amounts of Parmesan, red pepper flakes, parsley and lemon zest. I honestly could have made a meal out of the fries and left a happy camper.But of course we didn't. PIZZA! Continuing the fat theme, we shared two pies: The artichoke was covered with juicy 'chokes, caramelized onions, various diced olives and ricotta. The contrasting mellow ricotta versus the tangy-salty olives and artichokes was delicious.The potato and roasted garlic pizza was just straight up unnecessary. I mean that in the best way possible. The combo of potatoes and rosemary is just a tasty classic, while the Gorgonzola added a perfect POW (To be honest, I would have liked a slightly stronger Gorgonzola choice, but I know not everyone shares my sentiment). I would have liked the potatoes to be a teeeeeensy little bit more done/crispy, but that's really the only "complaint" I had, if you can even call it that.The crust on the pizzas was absolutely sublime. Charred underneath, flaky and crispy and almost...buttery? DIVINE. All in all, I can't wait to come back to Humble Pie. We need to try so many more of their pizzas! And their fries...once I get to the gym 84 more times.
5	Sometimes the hype is worth listening to and Humble Pie lives up to the hype.  It is so friggin good I thought about joining a gym just so I can justify eating here, all the time.I had the fig and prosciutto and goat cheese pie, the bf had the fungi pie. Awesome. The service was amazing, the portion sizes were really good (not too big) and the ingredients and taste and combinations of the food was impeccable. Seriously gonna be the go to spot.
4	Pizza is a hard category to one up in because there are so many options but..yum! Humble Pie is a great pizzeria that offers fun and different options to help change things up from the usual. If you want a good example, I recently tried the fig and prosciutto pizza. It was amazing and cooked so well! A great choice whether youre in the mood to sit inside or outside and the staff is always incredibly friendly from hostess to server.
3	Okay. Yesterday was supposedly the hottest day in Phoenix in years. Simply walking outside invokes the sensation of the flesh burning off one's limbs. The weather reporter melted a bag of marshmallows and some butter by leaving it on the dash of his car and made no-bake Rice Krispie treats. The sweat burns your eyes and sedates your soul into depressive submission. This weather is gnarly and is not for the faint of heart.So WHY. IN. THE. FUCK. would Humble Pie leave its bar open? Like, windows down, communicating with the patio open? No, wait. I get it. Some sickos were actually eating on the patio. It's part of the "vibe". So perhaps my question should be, WHY IN THE FUCK WOULD YOU NOT CRANK DOWN YOUR A/C? My dad's MacGyver watch helpfully relayed that the ambient temperature was 88 degrees. They already have people packed so close like sardines in there, you can practically feel the next table's body heat -- add this level of heat and noise and I thought one of us was going to pass out. No effing bueno. Sweatshop atmosphere duly noted and we will not be back till October.P.S. The bathroom is always filthy and the craft shop potpourri is ghetto.P.P.S. I do adore the cucumber vodka + club soda cocktail, but it's called a "Skinny Size Zero" which ensures I feel like an anorexic cougar when I order it. I see you smirking, you 23-year-old bastard of a server.
4	I am not one who eats a lot of pizza so take my review lightly, we typically eat Dominos pizza. :)The only thing that may be considered neg. is that it is a bit pricey. I sent my hubby to pick up our order and when he came back to our vacation rental he said," $30 bucks for 2 small pizzas!?!"However, we were pleasantly surprised when we tried them. We ordered a meat lovers for us and a pepperoni for the kids. The meat pizza had great quality of meat, not the typical fatty sausage and low quality bacon.  The kids weren't a huge fan, but hey, their favorite foods are Kraft Mac n Cheese and hot dogs!Overall, great quality pizza for a bit higher price.
5	Love this place! Roasted mushroom pizza is great! Also loved the strawberry Gorgonzola salad!
5	the long waits attest to the quality of humble pie's. not only is the food first rate, service is warm, friendly and just plain fun. the pizza is the menu focus. we make it point ot eat at humble pie's virtually every time we visit phoenix.
5	We've only been here for lunch on numerous occasions (great lunch special).  Pizza has always been good and their chopped salad is one of our favorites!
1	This restaurant discriminates based on gender; went in tonight and was told that all women get free pizzas and men do not, so I walked out...
4	Humble Pie has a fantastic lunch special where you can get any salad and any pizza for under $10. The salads are great and there are a ton of different pizza options, including some fancy vegetarian ones. I had the apple arugula salad, which was amazing. It is such a refreshing salad, and the dressing was amazing. I also had the arugula pizza, which I picked because of the house-made mozzarella, and it was okay. The cheese was sort of grainy as opposed to being luscious and thick, and I didn't love the taste of the crust (tasted a little like Chinese food, which was unexpected), but overall it was satisfying. I would definitely come back here for a salad.
4	After volleyball in foreign territory, we wanted a bite to eat and Yelp pulled this up as being "nearby".  So off we went.  A party of 6 at 6pm on Saturday and they quickly pulled a table together for us, yay!  We had quick service and ordered appetizers and dinner.  Uhoh...a while later no appetizers.  A few minutes later our server advised that a snafu on the tickets meant they kitchen didn't get the order so our appetizers were on the house.  Much appreciated management of that problem.I got the veggie salad, very light and fresh and good!  Then shared the shrimp pizza...and WOW.  Big yum.  Not overly cheesy, large fresh hunks of shrimp, and a really fresh lemony, slightly spicy sauce.  Not too spicy because I'm a wimp, but very flavorful.  And really good crust.  Add a nice glass of wine and I really enjoyed this meal!
5	Sorry wrong restsur
1	I've had a good experience here, but my recent visit will be my last. We wanted a wood fired pizza so went to the Humble Pie across from Desert Ridge. Our waiter was nice, but clearly not detail oriented. Forgot our salad, didn't instruct the kitchen to cook my order the way I requested, and generally didn't take care of the basic service expectation. The pepperoni sausage pizza was just OK, soggy and too thin in the center, but the crust was delicious. Wings, which were described as Buffalo wings by our waiter, were definitely not Buffalo wings; even my home recipe is better.  Overall I think we had an unskilled waiter who was poorly trained. Suggestion: if you dine here and order pizza, ask for the pizza to be cooked well done.
5	My husband and I have been to Humble Pie a few times and enjoy both the food and the drinks. They also offer good happy hour specials. My favorite drink is their red sangria. They also have a good Caesar salad and the pizza's have all been tasty. Its a smaller restaurant inside, but the service is always great and the patio offers additional seating.
4	Too bad I don't live nearby, this would make our list of regular haunts for sure.Fantastic Caprese appetizer with fresh, so soft mozzarella, crostini, tomatoes (I would've preferred more) and a pesto/balsamic glaze, enough to sop up with the pizza crust (much better than licking the bowl, which you'll want to do!).Light and crispy calamari made the hubby happy, and if course he snacked on my Caprese--WHY didn't we get the large?!The Roasted Mushroom Pizza was deelish. Piled with various mushrooms and quality cheeses. The crust is just that: crusty but soft, just as I like it. I split it with a friend so as to save room for dessert...A Pizza Cookie, Red Velvet Cake or Mini Donuts were the main choices but when I saw that they had chocolate ice cream (yay!), I had to go for the cookie with that on top. BJs is the only other place that does that! Hot cookie, very sweet with the chocolate and caramel drizzles. Just what I wanted.The patio would've been very cramped and I'm sure that the service wouldn't have been as attentive if it hadn't been 3:00 in the afternoon but our threesome had a great linner (late lunch/early dinner) all the same.
5	Great food and service. The pizza is fantastic. In fact everything I have tried has been great.
5	Ok. So I've been here a few times and I have always had reservations (pun intended) regarding the value of this place. I'm finally sold...sometimes a good wine just takes time to appreciate (another pun considering they do half off wine on Groupon). Nonetheless, I have to say that the food (pizza, sandwiches, apps, salads, & more) here is terrific, the service has been awesome (every time). So in a twist of irony, my phone (halfway through this review) died.  Guess what happened next?...yep, the young bartender (Aaron) just happened to offer his Apple iPhone charging services and the final test is a wrap. Even extracting the battery death recovery, this place gets 5 stars. Good for family, dates, or just rolling solo...and if you feel like grabbing a barstool-ask for Aaron. The draft beer tastes great too. ;)
3	Place is super dark. pizza really wasn't anything special, and burnt... i was hungry and didn't even finish it. i had the soup as well, it was sausage minestrone. wan't anything amazing either. just your typical overpriced fancy place thats not worth going to in north phoenix. but i will say some positives. awesome service, people, and atmosphere. Very comfortable.
4	Wow. What a cool and upscale pizza place! If you want standard pizza and appetizers, then do not come here because this place is for those who crave a little extra. Creative and delicious pizzas (made with totally fresh ingredients) along with hardcore appetizers (do not expect your generic antipasto) make for a great dining experience. I went for a quiet lunch during the day and the service and food were excellent. The pizza does take some time so if you have a limited time for lunch I would not recommend this place. You might be too rushed to enjoy the food. At night this place seems like a fun, casual nightlife spot. Definitely a good choice if you're on a date.
5	I've been called lots of things, but "foodie" isn't one of them. However, i know what I like and expect and Humble Pie exceeded both. We are new to AZ and Humble Pie came highly recommended. Glad we listened. Loved the decor and the service (thanks Rizzo) was very good. Our food was outstanding (shared a chopped salad and each had our own pizza). I had the olive pizza and it's now my favorite. My wife raved about hers and she's not a big pizza fan. Bottom line is we loved Humble Pie and will be back.
5	Really enjoyed the lunch combo of pizza and salad. We all had different pizzas, but I liked the meatball the best. The ranch dressing on the salad was great. Seemed homemade.
4	The ingredients are unlike any other I have had. Our party ordered the parmesan chicken pizza, meat lovers and the buffalo chicken pizza (complete with celery). I can't forget the desert pizza either! the only thing I would say is if you're gonna be with a lot of people make sure you order a couple pizzas. We had 7 and 3 pizzas was just the right amount.
3	Worth a visit...pizza crust had nice bite...fresh toppings....caprese salad was delicious
4	Good Euro Zza & Happy Hour
1	Don't waste your time or $$$ at either location, there is not one single thing about either location that is good. Service was horrific and the food was even worse.!
5	Second visit and we ordered takeout. Got home to find the pizza was wrong. Starving after a 10K race, I called to let the manager know. He was extremely courteous and had the pizza remade and credited to my card. When I arrived, he greeted me at the door w an additional apology and invitation to return for a complimentary pie. What great customer service! The pizza, breadsticks and arugula salad were all delicious.
4	The lunch was a great for a quick office friday lunch.  Great pizza, salad and good price.
4	My husband and I arrived on a Sunday afternoon before our long trip back to California. We asked the consiour at our hotel where they recommended for lunch and they suggested humble pie. Located  across the street from our resort, we arrived to a pretty packed parking area. We were seated immediately and ordered right away. I decided to go fancy and ordered the fig and prosciutto while the hubby got the meat lovers. Between the two I must say the meat lovers was better. Although the prosciutto and fig was good, after my second slice I was getting tired of it. I kept picking off the pepperoni and sausage off his pie. The meats actually had a good spice to it (not spicy spice but spice ). So if your trying to figure out which pie to get, I recommend the meat lovers.
1	I have to report that I just walked out of this restaurant after waiting a good 5 plus minutes for a server to show up. I was especially convinced when I looked over at the other table's greasy looking pizza. Eek! Methinks not.
5	Probably my favorite brick oven pizza. I go for their weekday lunch special - $9.95 for a smaller sized personal pizza and salad. It's perfect and I always have a little extra to take home. The different pies are each unique and amazing. I've tried them all and liked all of them. The mushroom is probably my favorite though. The staff is always quick and friendly, I've never had to wait for seating, and it's clean and casual. It's where I take all my out of town guests and I've never heard a complaint!
5	Good food and great service.  They have a tasty salad and a good beer selection.  The pizzas are fantastic.  I have tried each appetizer and enjoyed them all.
5	I made a reservation through open table and we were seated immediately on the patio which I was hoping for. The menu had many tempting choices. We selected the vegetable salad, strawberry salad and artichoke pizza. The kids had a cheese and a sausage pizza. Our servers were quick and attentive and the salads and pizza were absolutely delicious! The Crispy, chewy crusts and fresh salad ingredients were terrific. We were in and out in less than an hour which was perfect because we wanted to get back to watch playoff hockey. Great place!
1	Horrible service! It took 10mins for anyone to even acknowledge that we were seated. I had to flag someone down and ask for a waiter.  Then a guy came over and said he would be our server after the bus boy got our order..never to see the waiter again. They forgot my husbands beer order, never refilled our waters (we had to flag them down again and ask) I had to mention my husband never got his beer....the bus boy came over with it later and said he gave it to the wrong table. My husband was so over it by that point he said he didn't want it, he just wanted our check.  And then they proceeded to STILL put the beer on our check. We have eaten here before and had  mediocre service,  but this was just plain AWFUL.  No one was even overly apologetic about how awful their service was, even after we showed our frustration multiple times.  Not impressed!
4	The chicken parm pizza is awesome and the staff was very attentive, Jason was busy running around the bar, but I never had an empty drink! If you want good food and good service go check this place out! The only thing not giving them 5 stars is their all male staff!
4	Delicious salads and made from scratch pizza.  Excellent wait staff.  Prices are reasonable.   Rather small menu, but quite adequate.   Good parking at this location.   Highly recommended.
5	Always great food and service.  Nice patio and bar area.
1	I have a food allergy so I emailed the address on their website and asked if there's any gluten free options because my friends said the food is so good. Minutes later I got a one word response: No. Ok I guess but why not talk up the salads? Drink specials? Sorry to bother you, manager.
3	I do like this place--the service is friendly and the atmosphere is great.  The food was good--we had pizza and pasta.    I did enjoy it, i would go again, and everyone in the group was complimentary of their food/service.  I remember that I thoroughly loved the decor and felt that it was a fun place to go.
5	Can't believe I haven't rated this place before.  I love this place.  Great pizza, I have tried a few but the pepperoni is by favorite, the meat is zesty and gets some nice crispy spots, the cheese is delicious as are the fresh tasting sauce and perfect thin crust with puffy rim.  Try the ceasar salad, it is fantastic.  Sometimes we swing by just to get them to go.Their white sangria is amazing, I normally don't drink white wine but you have to try this, it isn't too sweet.  Try it!!!!  Great happy hour prices and specials.  Fries are good with their aioli, interesting wings too...and they come with jicama sticks.It's really nice place for date night mid week.  Always good service and great bartenders.
4	the best mushroom pizza ever!!!  a bit load inside and crowded tables but outside was nice.
5	You ever meet someone and just know they are important? That's Ryan Pfile a server at the Tatum and 101 Humble Pie. He is the best in the biz. Our pizza was perfectly cooked and the calamari was amazing. But it was the service that truly made us become regulars here. Ryan is humble and sweet. I really love coming here.
4	After checking out pizza options in the area, we decided to try this place due to the great reviews. Why only 4 stars? Because I want a larger pizza for the price! It was that good!We went with a specialty pizza that had a great crust and was perfectly cooked.The toppings were average in how many were on the pizza but the flavor was wonderful and we added their sausage which is a must try.The interior is nothing to write home about.The menu could provide more options as well and the server could warm up a bit. Perhaps he wasn't thrilled with having to work on the holiday? I want more!
4	I've been here one time and only had dessert. It was extremely good though and the service was decent! All their food on the menu sounded really good and I can't wait to go back and try it!
4	We love this place! The service, the food is really good!  The indoor and outdoor seating is lovely.  I love their chopped salad and with a glass, or two, of their white sangria.  Soooo good! They have a great happy hour also! Check it out!
5	Love this place!  Pizzas are really great. My favorite is the sausage and fennel. Good service and really friendly bartenders.  Really cool open air atmosphere.   Parking can be a struggle but once you are inside you are good.
5	This is a great place hidden I the back of the Walgreens shopping center. I had meatballs for an app and lasagna for the entree. Both were excellent and very reasonable in price. Aaron was a great bartender / server. Definitely a must try
4	I think Yelpers are right, this place deserves 4 stars. The food is always yummy, and it is a good place for happy hour!The pizza is delicious, the crust is the best part. The crust kind of makes or breaks a pizza place for me, and it is excellent here. Pizza is my favorite food of all time, but I rarely order the pizza when I go here, because the Caprese Sandwich is absolutely amazing. Unfortunately, a couple of years ago they changed the way they made it. Now it is a small sandwich. Still tastes awesome, but not something to order if you're really hungry. I also like that they offer cottage cheese as a side, because I am weird and sometimes prefer cottage cheese over fries. I have also ordered a red sangria here and really enjoyed it. The service here is fine, no problems here.Would love to be able to motivate myself to try something else on the menu..but the Caprese sandwich..I just can't!
4	The food and atmosphere is excellent here. We had a bit of a strange incident with the people that were there hanging out....I won't go into detail but this place is not for kids. It would be a great date spot as it's quiet and intimate with low lighting and good music. Food was amazing I would definitely go back for the food and wine and hopefully the crowd won't be so crude and inappropriate.
4	I always like the pizza.  Service is usually good.  Sundays the place is packed with kids (mine included) since it is Kids eat free.  Sometimes the eggs on the pizza are over cooked, but they always fix it for us.  I will be back
5	Great place, great service and great deals.  The lunch special is a deal and a half.  Salad and pizza under 11.00. You can choose any of the salads and one pizza off the two pages of pizza they have... NICE!!!
5	The barbeque pizza was phenomenal and the hummus is very delicious. First timers, but we just moved here so we're very excited to come back for happy hour and date night.
2	Good service however food needs improvement - The pizza was as bland as could be. Ruined my lunch...Soda @ $ 2.95 with free refills is pushing it as in excessive and greedy.  I used to love Humble Pie however my lunch was very disappointing...they've lost their game.
3	went right when they opened. the lunch special was good, had the strawberry gorgonzola salad and meat lovers pizza.. sausage on the pie was kind of meal-y.. they should  change it. salad was excellent. the star was the pretzel appetizer.. good size, smoky from the wood oven, but the spicy/sweet mustard was AWESOME ! just enough horseradish ta clear ya out. Service was very good. Pizza was average. I'd go again, but order something without the sausage.
4	This was my second visit to Humble Pie and my first to the Desert Ridge location. Both times were excellent. On this most recent trip I had the lunch special, a personal sized pizza and a choice of soup or a half salad. I had the Steak & Turkey chili which was a bit too vinegary for my taste but the pizza was excellent. I opted for the Schreiner's Sicilian Sausage pizza; the taste, texture, thin crust, everything about it was exquisite. There is a nice selection of white and red pies and though it's a bit pricier than your average pizza, this is a couple of notches above average pizza. Well worth it!
3	Just not impressed, this is not our first visit to Humble Pie, parking is easy, service was more than just standard, food portions are a little on the small size, for $12 the burger should be more than quarter inch thick, pizza is better than most places, I think most of their business is in carryout. OK place for a family meal, but you don't really get your monies worth.
5	We had a wonderful dinner here before seeing a movie. We started with the Humble Pretzel, which was awesome! I highly recommend it. Then we split the Chopped Salad and Schreiner's Sicilian Sausage pizza. Both were as amazing as the pretzel. Topping it off with a few beers and some great customer service made this a memorable experience that I would recommend to others.
4	The chain restaurants in Desert Ridge Marketplace proper can be fun for awhile. Come here when you're tired of them. Healthy eaters will want to try the excellent seasonal veggie pasta. Healthy carnivores will enjoy it with chicken. Nice bar with windows opening to the patio. Not Scottsdale posh, but it's comfortable and friendly.
5	The pizza here is AWESOME.....Especially if you're tired of the regular cheese pizza's you can get else where. It is a bit pricey but you get what you pay for.
4	I really enjoyed everything we had here. We started with the pretzels, which were huge and soft and stayed soft throughout the meal. The dips were both good. The chopped salad was awesome and I almost ate the whole thing myself, leaving little for my husband. The Schreiner's pizza was good, although I am not sure if it was any better than  a regular sausage pizza. The service was really great, too. We will definitely be back!
5	Great large chopped salad and toasted ravioli
1	Very sad that gluten free crust any available topping.  Crust needs something more to be pizza. Had to leave to get dinner.
4	Great neighborhood place. Cozy and inviting. Staff is happy, good food and choice of wine.
5	Very nice casual restaurant appropriate for families.  My kids (15, 12, 10) all loved it. The food was very good and both desserts were outstanding. The service was prompt and very friendly. I highly recommend Humble Pie!
4	Great food and service. We have been to all of their locations in AZ and we love the chicken parm pizza. A must try!
4	This place is great! We are new to the area and stumbled upon it one Sunday.  Just so happens, kids eat free on Sundays! Win! We have been back a few times and the pizza has been fantastic every time.  Only cons are how close all the tables are to one another, and the place is so dark I had pull out my iPhone flashlight.
1	Service was good, for pizza you can't beat Grimaldi's.  We tried the soup, toasted raviolis and chopped salad, meh on everything.
