5	There's only one thing I really come here for and that's the HOT SALE: salt and pepper pork chops with a fried egg on fried rice with a some bok choy. Greasy delicious chinatown perfection and if I remember correctly, it's less than $10 for a heaping portion! It's a legendary orgasmic dish, high in calories, but packs a real punch in the flavour and satisfaction department. I've never finished one of these plates to myself, and I'm a total glutton. This is total guilty pleasure comfort food. It's the kind of meal you want to eat after a break-up, before you break into that pint of cookie dough ice cream you have waiting for you in your freezer.
4	I came here at midnight, and the food was delicious. We tried the cantonese friend noodles and it was made very nicely. The old man serving us was poite and quick. Decor is okay, and this place is great for people to come hangout in the middle of the night over yummy chinese food :)
4	The food is pretty good and cheap too!
4	The food is cheap and its really good! If you go there, you must try the salty pepper pork chops and the chicken mayo!!! The service is okay, nothing fancy, but the food is served quick.
5	This is just a gem in Chinatown. The chef and entire staff are very nice. The food is excellent! I will be back again.
5	Five stars for the only dish I've ever ordered in this place!  Every single time I've been here (once or twice a year over six years), it's been just as crispy, tasty, and delicious as I remember.  Pepper and salt fried pork chops, fried rice, fried egg, and some Chinese greens.  Yummy!!!
2	I came here during lunchtime today for their "renowned Salt & Pepper Pork Chops."I was extremely disappointed, let me explain.The portion was very small (at least the one I got) comparing to other places such as Keung Kee or Restaurant Cantonais, and there is no consistency in their dishes. I've got about half a bowl of rice while others got much bigger portions.The pork chops were extremely overcooked and very tough to eat, my fork was entirely bent when I was trying to cut through those things. The seasoning was alright, and the outer shells were very crispy, but that cannot mask the toughness of the meat. Furthermore, there is no "Chinese green veggies" or fried eggs as advertised and mentioned by other Yelpers. You can find some bits of eggs here and there in the rice, and that's it, talking about cutting costs.My girlfriend had the Sichuan Style Tofu, and it was basically fried tofu stir-fried with onions and sweet chili sauce. It was extremely bland and disgusting to eat, not to mention that fried tofu does not even exist in Sichuanese cuisine.The wonton soup that came with the lunch specials was pretty good, right amount of fillings and the seasoning was alright. Their Spicy & Sour soup was very watery and lacked all sorts of seasoning.The restaurant is ran by one chef and one waiter, and therefore there is almost no service as the waiter was busy serving 7 tables. We had to write our orders ourselves...The ambiance is pretty dark and boring, the restaurant is very small but not comfy or cozy at all. It is not well lit and the place is not very clean either.The difference from the actual dining experience and these Yelp reviews from 2010 would be comparing your Big Mac with the one in an McDonald's ad. I'm not sure if we went on an off-day but I seriously doubt it, if they can screw up their "signature dish" this badly then it's pretty pointless to come back and try again.
4	We came here on a whim,We wanted Pekin duck and they happen to serve it. We found out (after we ordered) that they also serve rice baked in clay pots, something you see commonly in Hong Kong, that made me curious. Funny thing was that menu was written in chinese and the waiter read it out for us, you can have rice with pork chicken chinese sausage, taro I think one even had pork belly, oh man yaoza!!! but we had already ordered so maybe next time...The pekin duck was fine, except the wrapper were a bit thin and they seemed a bit dry, they were thin and cool down really fast, and being dry them aren't too soft and bendy, they become flaky quite fast. I suspect they got these from Kim Phat in the frozen section, cuz they taste very similar. They are definitely not fresh made that's for sure.the rest of our food was good, we had salt and pepper pork chops, and chow mein all very nice and standard. And the best thing was it cost less than 20$ we were four and ate like pigs, hihi score.
5	Hot sale is pronounced like it looks.... Hot Sale.  Not Hot Sa-Le.  Typical American who thinks everything in Montreal is French or maybe Spanish mistake I suppose.  The name Amigo is also deceiving-- there's nothing Spanish/Mexican on the menu-- it's a Cantonese restaurant to the core!Now for the Hot Sale-- it's pure genius.  It's what I crave late nights.  It's what I crave when I'm piss drunk, hung over or both.  It's what I crave when I'm in Chinatown.  Salt and Pepper Pork chops, egg fried rice, a fried egg and some fried boy choy!  Flippin fantastic.  If you read the red Chinese scroll on the wall-- he's self proclaimed famous for his fried boneless flounder and salt and pepper pork chops.  Everywhere you look, there are posters of the owner being named one of Canada's Top 100 Chinese Chefs, etc.  Most of it's probably BS anyways but the FOOD is NOT.  5 pork chops on the Hot sale is no joke.  It's fried perfectly and lots of salted hot chilis all over the dish.  If I lived in Montreal, I would be coming here every night.  Booyah.
4	They took my order wrong. The signature dish is a Little too oily for a Chinese. The set menu is fairly good.
5	Amigo! The best place in Chinatown since Van Roy closed down. Love their all dressed pork chop or their lunch menu. Their lunch menu is very cheap, nothing cost more than 10$. With that, you get an egg roll + a big plate! I have been there for late night supper which was really good. We were a group of 20, the service is always excellent. You obviously do not go there for the decoration but the food. It's pretty clean. They accept interact, mastercard/visa & cash! Go and try their all dresses pork chop & you won't be disappointed!
1	Bad experience.. Demanded tip for bad service. Bad behavior. Veg food tastes non veg..
4	Let's be clear.....you do not come here for ANYTHING but the "hot sale". Yes, Hot Sale is basically a great deal or special that they came up with a while back and it became worthy.Plastic on the tables, windows covered up and maybe the dirtiest menus around. Order the HOT SALE and move forward.What you get- a TON of fried pork hops in some form of delicious batter, rice, fried egg and rice.This is a place to go to say you had it, it is good....it is a Hot Sale. My recco is to not eat fried food for 1 week prior, do not plan in having hot wings anytime the next week. Glad I went and did it. Now I'm good.
5	Heard about this place from a guy who works at Schwartz's. I'm Chinese and visiting from Vancouver. Gotta say the All Dressed is legit!
4	its all about that salt and pepper pork chops! this restaurant is from the renowned chef of the now defunct van roy so you know its good stuff. its basically van roy 2.0 down to the decor and service..those pork chops are quite addictive. yes, it can be inconsistent, it can be overcooked or perfectly cooked but there's something magical about them chops. some like it with apple sauce while others, me included, enjoy the salt and pepper one. it can be extremely salty though. drinking plenty of water is recommended.its not something i eat often, in fact, maybe once every blue moon and even then, i mostly forget about it. can't take that much salt anymore..anyway, get a plate of those chops or like most suggest, the hot sale deal if you want more condiments in your dish. after such meal, you'll be good to run a couple of marathons..
5	Oh, man. I tried the salt and pepper pork chops (the lunch version, not the full-on Hot Sale), and it was delicious. Juicy on the inside, crispy on the outside. I want more. I would have these every day if having battered fried food all the time didn't kill you. We also had mixed veggies and wonton soup, and they were pretty good. Even the hot tea they put out for everyone is quite decent. They pale in comparison to the pork chops, though.The waiter is very friendly and is always hustling. The food comes out quickly and all at once. A few seats for singles and pairs, and a few tables with lazy Susans for larger groups.I personally love places that don't really prioritize decoration. Amigo has layers of plastic covers on the tables that they can just dispose of and posters that haven't changed in years. I think it allows me to concentrate on my pork chops. I will be back for the Hot Sale very soon.
