4	ETA is an amazing bar as long as Amanda is not your server. She is very argumentative and just mean. All the other bartenders are an absolute delight. If we see Amanda behind the bar we walk through to the sports book lounge.
3	This place is inside the Aliante Casino.  It looks brand new and has a nice vibe and atmosphere.  It's a cool place to hang out to play some video poker/blackjack and have some comped drinks at the same time.  Bartender service is good in a sense that they make sure your good with your drinks, but not as friendly or talkative most of the times I've been there.  Take note this was during the afternoon on a weekday where there was probably on 3-5 people only at the bar.   Either way, I make sure to tip them well.On weekends, its a bit more livelier and people fill the surrounding couches and smoke hookah which is cool.  i might go try that in the future.  There is also a single go go dancer dancing on a tiny stage.  I know this isn't your neighborhood bar where everybody knows your name, but I suppose its better than nothing around this area.  If you want to kill time and get comped drinks while playing video poker, this is your place.
4	Each time we have gone to this lounge, the drinks have been awesome (long island ice tea, mojito, and some stiff jack on the rocks). Lingo even came back on several occasions to make sure that our drinks were satisfactory. The dancers are entertaining, after much debate my girlfriend and I agree that the Asian girl is the best dancer. The fun part for us is the people watching... never fails to bring the laughs.
5	Small, like new, hip bar inside the Aliante casino. Reasonable prices and attentive staff. Regular, live entertainment and no cover. Great place to relax and unwind.
1	I'm giving this place only one star and it hurts me to do so. I moved to the area about 6 months ago. I was excited that there was a "nice" and "classy" place down the street. I went to eta for the first time last week on a Thursday and Lingo was behind the bar. Lingo was awesome, friendly and very attentive. I played the machines and just drank club soda with a lime which Lingo ensured my drink was never empty. Lingo informed me that they were having a party on Valentines night and encouraged me to check it out. On valentines day, My husband and I were at the sports bar having some drinks and the bartenders there were great and friendly, we ended up going back into eta for their party. I wanted my husband to experience the great service I have had the night prior.. That was untilAmanda served us. We ordered 2 beers and Amanda told us the total, didn't even greet us, my husband made a comment about the beers being slightly higher than the race and sports bar, but I told my husband it was because eta offered entertainment. We paid for our beers without incident until Amanda stated to my husband "if you can't afford the drinks, go back to race and sports". I was shocked at this comment because my husband is a physician and money is not an issue for us. I told Amanda we weren't complaining and my husband was just confused. She continued tolook at the gentleman next to us and say "I hate dealing with broke white trash". I told her she had no right to make those comments about us and that we paid without complaining and there was no reason for her to attack us. She proceeded to tell my husband and I that this would be our last beer there and told us to go to a bar that we could "afford". Needless to say, its unfortunate that 1 bad seed will ruin the great service that we received from Lingo. Judging by the other reviews, it looks like Amanda is an ongoing problem. I had requested to speak with a manager and waited almost a half hour with no manager to be seen. I encourage anyone who hasn't been there yet not to go there when Amanda is working. I have never been so disrespected by a bar tender before. Hopefully this casino will see this ongoing problem and handle it. It's very unfortunate to have such a great place close to home that we now will not go back to as long as this disrespectful young lady is there. And hopefully their management could learn a thing or 2 about being efficient and handling a customer complaint without waiting 30 min and still no manager.
5	My friends and I started coming to ETA Lounge when they were hosting a trivia night for a while. Even though they've since cancelled it, we still come almost every week. Sometimes I go on my own, too, because I prefer it to a smoky, loud bar like PT's or Timbers. During the weekdays it's really low-key and a nice place to hang out.We usually gamble a bit, and the bartenders are super attentive and friendly. Our usual bartender is Amanda, and she is awesome, but we also sometimes have Lingo, who is also nice. They seem to be there the most. They'll both chit-chat with you and have fun, but if someone walks up to the bar they stop what they're doing and go right to the person. On the weekends, it's a different environment. They have dancers on the stage, there's hookah, the music is louder, and there's more people. It's still fun and the service is still on point. They have a dress code, but it's basically just against looking like a bum. Nothing outrageous. Just don't come in your gym clothes. I never see them harping on anyone about it. I've also come during a couple of special events, for the Superbowl and New Year's Eve. Both were really, really busy, but they were appropriately staffed for it. The wait was never out-of-hand. The prices are pretty normal and if you're gambling that isn't a very big deal anyway. I've seen people hit the progressive a couple of times, too, so it's not a complete wash. The only downside is that they don't have draft beer, but you can ask for a glass if you want one and they have no qualms about it.
5	This is by far one of my favorite "locals" bars to stop in for a few drinks with a group of friends. The bartenders are always so welcoming and attentive and pour some of the best drinks in town! The lounge itself is beautiful with comfortable seating everywhere! Drinks and bottle service are reasonably priced and considering they often have live entertainment it's a great value if you're looking for a fun night out with friends.
5	As a regular in the ETA Lounge I'm probably biased but I've always loved the decor and the staff.  On the weekend they have a DJ and a couple go-go dancers.  Sometimes it's a little slow but it's always a great place to just have a drink and sit with friends. The gambling ain't terrible. Too bad there isn't food served at the bar but they allow you to bring some in from the food court if you want.  They make some great drinks overall. Some may experience a touchy staff person or two and I have first-hand witnessed it.  Generally speaking if you run into someone in service that's annoyed then don't tip and move on.  Unfortunately sometimes people like to exchange words and that works two ways.But if you get a chance to check out the Lounge I recommend it.
1	First off I been to this casino for five year.  We love the sports bar and Eta the music great but we had nothing but problems with Amada she mean and bitchy. she make us feel terrible every time we go.  We start looking in the bar to see if she there. We skip it now  because she there. she will serve other   people first and even ignores us on several occasions. We complained  she still there ruin our night. its really sad. We just go somewhere else The sad thing is she means to other customer all the time. Please fire this sad mean person. This  is from 2011 to 2015
