5	Just left the new Uncle Bears on Dobson and Germann in Chandler.  What an awesome place.  They have two pass through bars that go through to a fantastic patio complete with misters, heaters, shades, and a fireplace.  They have a bunch of TV's throughout especially around the bar which you can see great from the patio.  This will be my go to place for game day.  They decorate the place with pictures of neighborhood dogs.  As i am writing this my wife is picking out the picture of our lab she wants to take in.  After a couple of cold beers and a bunch of peanuts, where you through the shells on the floor, we ordered.  I had the Cajun burger which was outstanding and my wife had the prime rib sliders which she loved.  Great Burgers!!!  Can't wait to try out the rest of the menu.  We already have plans to head back this weekend for football.  So glad to have them in the neighborhood.
2	Don't visit for breakfast.  Poor service, overpriced juice and coffee, very limited menu, food is average at best.
4	This is the first restaurant that has opened at the Dobson/Germann Shops of Pecos Ranch plaza. I was pleasantly surprised at the laid-back ambiance. Patrons can take ownership by bringing in expired license plates and pictures of their dogs to post on the wall. The restaurant seems very welcomed by the surrounding neighborhood, as I understand they are already running wait times in the evening.TV's everywhere, peanuts in a dog bowl dish (substitute for chips & salsa at a Mexican restaurant no doubt), and tasty food make for a most unique experience.They have a brilliantly long/large bar area and the patio will be wonderful to sit out on once fall comes full swing.I had the beef fajitas and sliders. Sliders were very tasty and the fajitas were enjoyable as well, served with sour cream, guacamole, and tomato/onion mix. would have liked to have some lettuce & cheese as well.Staff was more than attentive and also paid attention to our 1-year old baby we brought it. It was a good homey feeling. You owe it to yourself to check it out.
3	This will likely be a new local favorite to watch games and have a beer. The decoration is built around neighborhood dogs (Michael Vick stay away). Definitely go with the Prime Rib Sliders you won't be disappointed. Stay away from the Old-Fashioned Style Burger (AKA Herds Burger); it's a chopped ground beef burger that's was a crumbled mess. The waitress highly recommending this burger it was pretty disappointing.
3	I was really excited to have a new sports bar open in the neighborhood. We went on a Sunday afternoon and there was a nice mix of families dining and football fans enjoying the game. When we walked in we were promptly seated and our waitress came right over and got us drinks. Her recommendations were great too. I had the prime rib sliders which were excellent (I'll definitely have them again). My husband had wings and they were a little dry - he would have liked more sauce but he also really liked my sliders.Our service became spotty after we received our food. We had to ask the hostess for refills on our drinks and ask someone to find our waitress so we could get our bill.The food was definitely a treat and while the service was spotty we will definitely go back.
4	The Shops at Pecos Ranch have been empty since I moved just down the street a year ago.  Finally a couple of months ago we started seeing signs of life!  When I first saw the logo for Uncle Bears I thought is was a store for dogs.  Don't laugh....look at the logo....does that say sports bar to you?  But I was pleasantly suprised when I checked their website and checked out the menu.  I had the opportunity to check it out on a recent evening when my daughter was on vacation with my sister.  When I'm on my own I like to sit at the bar and this bar is awesome.  It's a nice long bar with pleanty of room and three giant flat screens.  And there are screens all over the restaurant.  There is a beautiful patio and the bar also opens up to the patio.  Nice!  The bartenders were friendly and attentive and they have lots of nice beers on tap.  All I care about is that they have Guniess and they know how to pour a good one.  They do.I had some nachos which were good.  We will be coming back since I know it's family friendly and my daughter will love the dog theme.  I hope they will keep up the good work and become one of our "go to" places for a decent bite to eat.
4	Went for a late lunch on Saturday, they were kinda slow as was the service at first but it was an enjoyable meal. I hade a personal pizza which wasn't to bad to much crust for me. Hubby had the fish and chips which was tasty! Hard to get a good tasting fish in a fish and chips basket. It's just down the road and will become a new favorite. I still have problems with wiping the peanut shells off onto the floor. lol Hubby's getting take out for lunch today =) Welcome to the neighborhood Uncle Bears!
3	This was my first time there....I would go back again.The food wasn't great it was Just A-OK. It is your usual bar type resturant food. I got the meatball sub, not bad. If I return, I will be getting the pork sliders that is what my husband got they were pretty good....I had to steal a bite. Their ritas are not very good, beer selection average. and they have a full bar for mixed drinks.The staff was nice, just very slow. I love the doggie theme, peanuts in dog dishes and all the dog photos. They have a nice patio area with a fireplace and at the bar seating. They have alot of tvs inside and out, so you see all the sporting events. I am pretty sure that I read on the door that they have free WiFi, but I could be mistaken about that. Overall the place was clean, including the bathroom.
4	Having just moved here from Ireland, we are just still getting used to your "local" pub being quite far away and not across the street. So this is the nearest bar to us and thus by default has become our local. And a very nice local it has turned out to be. It's a good 25 min walk from the house (we refuse to drive - ain't no designated drivers in this family. Beer means too much), and on getting there we really did have the coldest, most refreshing beer in Chandler yet. The atmosphere is pleasant and the prices are good. We ordered just starters (american portions are HHUUUUUUUGGGGEEEE!!!!) so over time i'm sure we will be able to work up to a main. The pictures of the food in the menu don't look too hot - but gladly the food came out looking prettier than the picture. Tasted yum too. TV's aplenty, nice spacing between tables so not crowded, service great - they have the good balance balance between ignoring you completely and babysitting you. We never had to chase our server for a beer - she asked when we were nearly finished. (Of course we said yes). I always measure a bar on weather you would feel comfortable sitting alone with a book, a pint and your thoughts - so Uncle Bears gets a tick for that. We will surely be back - and the trek home burns off a few pints so it's sure healthier than an Irish local.
3	We ate there last night.  I thought the atmosphere was fun.  I have 2 young kids and to my surprise, Wednesday is FREE KID NIGHT!!!  So that saved us about $10.This was the first time we ate there.  I got the Prime Rib Sliders, my wife got the Fajita Salad.  My sliders were good, not great, I know it wasn't really PRIME RIB, but probably a left over roast beef.  I thought the meat was over seasoned.  But they were good.The fajita salad was a little disappointing.  It was just baged iceberg lettuce with carrots, one piece of tasteless tomato, and then the fajita meat and stuff on it.  Why don't restaurants use good cherry tomatoes in the winter when you can't get a decent  tomato?  I can walk into Costco any day of the week and get a giant container of the best little tomatoes you can get any time of the year.  Anyway.  The food was good enough, and their menu was quite big, so lots of choices. My biggest complaint which will probably mean I won't go back is that the whole back of the restaurant faces the patio.  There were two giant pass through windows leading to the patio.  There were people out there smoking and it was drafting into the dining room.  Why do restaurants do this?  Do they really think the smoke is going to stay outside?  Is that even legal?Too bad since this place is walking distance to my house.  Maybe I will get take out there sometime.Welcome to the neighborhood.  BTW, Oregenos is moving in right next door to them, I will be eating there more often.Bon Apatite
5	if I could give 6 stars I would. This has become our favorite place ! Our first trip was because someone gave us a gift certificate, we were immediately hooked. We sat in the bar and watched some NASCAR! The sliders are yumm yumm yumm yummy. The bread must be made in house, it is so soft and fresh and just plain good! The prime rib sliders are the best, with the au jus! Big portion too, I always get because then I have lunch leftovers the next day and envious co-workers scoping out my grub.They have nice big steak fries and onion rings. The philly cheese steak is another favorite! The hamburgers are good too, burger patties are big and juicy and the bacon is thick, not the whimpy micro-bacon. All the sandwiches seem to be on the same bread, so I can't image you could go wrong with any of them. My son gets the chicken fingers and get excited whenever we say we are getting it for dinner. Take out is packaged really nice! you have to try it if you are a local resident, you won't be disapointed!
3	It's a sports bar, what more can you say about it besides the obvious.  Decent food, decent beer selection, good atmosphere, good staff, dog-friendly, and plenty of peanuts!This is a good place to watch games, especially if you get seated on the outside patio.  Bring your dog along and enjoy the game together.  If course, once summer rolls around its going to be pretty unbearable to sit outside, which is probably the best part about this place.
2	We've been there a few times and everyone agreed, it was just ok and that we've had better.  We've had better tacos, we've had better pizza, we've had better burgers.  Its nothing to write home about.
3	Let's keep this simple.  It is a bar.  The food is average, but priced too high for what they serve.  I gave it three stars because it has  nice. open atmoshpere.  Grilled hot wings had good flavor.  Cobb salad, says mixed greens - it's really iceberg, with very little romaine.
1	Service is horrible food below average and expensive.  Been there 10 times bwcause we can walk there. I wont drop another dime there.  Oreganos opening next door and Tia rosas ww cant wait!
4	Have been here several times. Great selection of beers.  Local, National, and Int'l brews.  The food I had was good, Asian Salad.  Other one in my party was just ok.  They now have 3 restaurants open in this plaza.. with another getting close.  Parking was a nightmare!!! Dont even try this on Friday/Saturday nights.
5	Love this place!  Service is always good.  Food is great and the prices go well with the serving sizes.  The have great specials too every night of the week, which is nice.
4	Great patio seating with good food and tasty drinks! We had the sliders, a burger, and wedgie french fries (awesome)! Happy hour prices are pretty decent, but regular prices seem a little steep for bar food. It's a throw your peanuts on the floor kinda place--very laid back. Bonus: you can bring your dog to the restaurant!
1	I live right down the street and let me tell you I was hoping to have a local place to hang out and watch some sports and have a cold beer and occasional snack It was middle  October and I went in on a Sunday evening (early) Ordered a beer and some sliders. Waited for the  bartender 15 minutes to return just to ask for some Catchup which i needed to lubricate the dried out meat on stale buns. I have since gone 3 more times and last time was the final final. The bartenders are rude. There was one when they first opened who was very nice.  I was there a few nights ago the bartender that night was a real ***** tch and at least the girl serving us was polite. The owner really should take a look at his employees and remember that service comes first. Really sad to see that he could have alot of Intel business too (where i work) but the talk around here is negative. What a waste of a great open patio and good beer............. I will not return.
1	In a word.... DISGUSTING. This place looked cute. My kids love dogs and we loved the decor and the peanuts on the floor. Casual and fun. Doggie pictures all over the restaurant everywhere of local dogs in the area. But I ordered my food in a special way and specifically let the waitress know that I was doing that because I did not want greasy food due to dietary reasons. Don't get me wrong they don't have a very healthy menu and I wasn't looking for a miracle here. But I ordered their GRILLED chicken sandwich and asked for it to have no cheese, no mayo, no sauteed onions etc. I literally took everything off the sandwich that was not healthy in order to make it not so bad. When my chicken sandwich came out it was swimming in grease. Even though it was a grilled chicken sandwich with nothing on it??? Where the heck did all the grease come from? My husband ordered a grilled chicken quesadilla and it was sitting on a plate of grease too. Quesadillas have lots of cheese so some grease is expected. But this was a pool of grease under the entire bottom of the plate that left the food so greasy it was flopping over and everything was falling out when he tried to eat it. SOGGY and didn't even taste good. He was disgusted too. We didn't even eat. Asked for the check and left. The waitress should have noticed that we left our food behind, but she either didn't notice or care. We wont be back. :(
4	Uncle Bear's is a nice little neighborhood bar to go eat and drink.  The bar food is well bar food.  So don't go there expecting gourmet foods and drinks.  The price for non happy hour food and drink is a little steep but is well worth it.  Come on, how can you enjoy one their beers on tap including 4 Four Peaks selections without diving into a mouthwatering plate of cheese fries or coconut shrimp.  The building is adorned with pictures of dogs.  And there are peanuts in dog dishes.  So great!  All this place needs are dogs playing poker and then we got a winner.Our waitress was pretty awesome, extremely sweet, and mostly readily available.  Saved me some $ suggesting a pitcher of beer over a just ordering pints once my friend arrived.  Kudos to her!Trivia is playing and surprisingly people were participating.  So of course my table did too.  The overall atmosphere is laid back, low pressure, friendly, and feels like a neighborhood bar.Definitely recommend
5	Great service most the time, a little slow and aloof, but still the best burgers and fries I've ever had! It's all about the food, right?
2	Don't go here unless your a beer or wine drinker. After two long islands, my husband didn't even have a buzz. How is that even possible? I also had a long island and vodka soda. Didn't appear to be any alcohol in either. Food is below average. I had shrimp tacos. Husband had southwestern chicken fajitas. Both bland. I only gave it two stars because bar is cool/good atmosphere and it would be an ok place to go for beer/wine only.
1	We live around the corner, we have tried this place now over a dozen times and it just gets worse.  Food? OVERPRICED! We have tried several items, pizza(is that what is was?) burger (pressed cardboard) between soggy buns.  Service if you can get it is awful.  Stopped in several sundays ago, not 10 people in the place moslty staff behind the bar, sat there for 15 minutes while they nlooked at me, had ot ask for service, order a marg and sandwich, 20 minutes later still have neither bar tender went back and started talking to her co-workers rather than do her job, I left!.  Managment there needs to wake up or be discharged, evident they are clueless
3	I've frequented this place quite a bit but the last 2 times have been less than stellar.  Went for just drinks on Saturday and we had the hardest time paying.  We set out credit card out with our bill  (they put the bill out in front you when you sit at the bar).  The bartender just kept walking by, so we put cash down. She never came by to ask if we wanted change (which we didn't) but that's not the point.  It was just a little annoyting because we were ready to leave.Came back on Sunday to use our Living Social groupon.  My husband ordered the sliders and I ordered the Cajun burger.  My husband asked for cheese on his and there was barely any on there.  I asked for no mayo and of course they slathered it on.  I ended up scrapping all my lettuce/mayo mixture off because it was just too much.  I told the bartender about it and I said it was ok , but just wanted him to know.  He just said ok and didn't apologize or anything.  Kinda lame.  It seemed like it took him a long time to take our payment as well.  UB's is ok, but I think I'll stive to Native.  Regular priced beers are cheaper and they have a better happy hour.
5	Uncle Bear's is the perfect neighborhood gathering spot with something for everyone. Dog lovers unite and throw your peanut shells on the floor! The prime rib sliders are mouthwatering and happy hour prices make it worthwhile to go before 7 or after 10. They've got all the games, entertainment, flowing spirits and smiling service. Uncle Bear's has been a favorite for many years at their various Valley locations.
3	Okay, I can't believe that I haven't written a review on Uncle BEARS! I've only checked into this place a million times (well really less than a hundred, but really only double digits) it's DOG gone good! The old ball and chain moved here two months ago from boonsville and we just love having this watering hole right down the street! The servers and bartenders are super nice and by golly have already learned what beer I like! God, bless these girls! The food so far has been pretty good, I like to have the prime rib sliders they are tasty!This isn't a super fancy place by any means, but they have pretty great deals on happy hour - Tuesday's is half price pizza and 2.50 drafts! Wow!  They have several local beers on tap - I enjoy the Four Peaks AZ Peach... So good!For a local neighborhood bar, Uncle Bears is the place to go!
2	Uncle Bears makes the list because they carry 6 Local Craft Beers All the Time including an IPA from Four Peaks. Having said so, many other aspects of the place need serious work. The service is Mediocre at best and the food is great sometimes, but more often disappointing. Example: The prime rib sliders are sometimes Truly Wonderful, but on many occasions packed with more Grissel than meat. The wings always seem to come out dry. For the most part, I believe it's because they have been left in the service window far to long before reaching my table. Last, why can they never cook a burger to proper temperature? Those things tend to bother me. The staff is Friendly but often inattentive. Even at the bar you must sometimes flag them down as they stand in front of you. These employees are not taking ownership of their jobs. As this pub is down the street from my house I would love to feel better about going & would do so more often if things were to change for the better. Pick up the pace Uncle Bears, I would love to spend my money there more often! PS. When there are only ten people in the place will you please turn the Karaoke Down a notch or three?
2	My assumption is that this place is supported exclusively by dog lovers.  It sure can't be the food.  I came here for lunch and got a pizza and salad combo. The pizza was bland but tolerable (the old "pizza is like sex" joke is apt).  However, the salad made me feel like I had teleported back to Iowa in 1973.  They use ONLY iceberg lettuce on their salad.  What sort of restaurant does that in this day and age?  I thought maybe that it was just the side salad that was this way, but a coworker got a "Fajita Salad", and it was also just iceberg.  The fajita salad appears to basically be iceberg and cheap-looking grated cheddar.  It also had a side of chicken and grilled peppers and onions, but those looked rather sparse.The atmosphere is a bit too Disney-ish (read: juvenile) to make this a good bar to drink at, and the food is pretty mediocre.  Again, I have to assume that people who are obsessive dog lovers cannot resist coming here because there are so many adorable dog photos on the walls.  I, however, am just a dog liker.  Therefore, I can and will resist Uncle Bears.
5	Great neighborhood place for drinks , or to watch a game !!! Good prices and love the food !!! Haven't had something I don't like ! Love the prime rib sliders and the street tacos (amazing) !!! I read a few reviews on here about uncle bears about being greasy , I'm a health fanatic and I always ask for not butter or oil and I have yet to have a problem. The wait staff is normal for a bar kinda slow sometimes but I love this place it's clean , close , had great food and drinks and good prices !! Will return again and again ;)
2	Everytime I pass by, the parking lot is full. Decided to give it a try. A lot of Dog pictures-WOW. The food was ok. My wife was craving for chicken on a sizzling skillet...The food did come out on a skillet- but the skillet was cold. I think it was only for decoration. It was so laid back, that the servers may have forgot about us....
4	Bear's is a great neighborhood bar.  I like the outside patio esp in the winter.  I've been here several times, but only ate here once.  I had the jalapeno poppers.  They were good.  They have karaoke on Thursdays, but im usually out of there by that time(not into country music).  Happy hour is pretty good can't beat 3 dollar locals.  It tends to be very packed on Fridays around 6 with the "family" types.  The lines are pretty long, and it's hard to find seating at this time.  The only drawback about this place is the parking lot.  It is very hard to find parking at peak times, and you pretty much have to go "off roading" into this unfinished lot.  Other then that little setback I will def. be coming back for more brews.
3	Food and drinks where just ok not Amazing or even great  . Dont wear flip flops here because there are all kinds of peanut shells on the floor that have probably been in the mouths of others . Price was ok i guess but i would have rather had pizza from across the prking lot
4	Uncle bears!  Been here once with some friends and coworkers and had lots of fun.        Atmosphere is chill.  Waitresses are very friendly.  Had a couple patron shots (little watered down) but that's ok.  The food here is good also. I would recommend this place.
2	Bummer.    Went for happy hour.  Ordered winds and a beer.Service was satisfactory on a busy world series final game.If you cook, then cook!   Wings were so blah; what's the point.   Ordered Honey Hot.   Well, salt is hotter than those wings.   And they were dry perhaps because i asked for the grilled, then tossed in sauce method (for a $1 more).  Another friend said the same thing and he got a different sauce.  So not a wing place.Beer selection ho-hum.Atmosphere.  Good.  Will I go back, not unless there is a compelling reason; it's off the beaten  track for me, but friends wanted to try it.  Will explore other options.
2	Beer was cold.Food was meh.Ordered two burgers and you could tell they were the frozen ones that are made in bulk for restaurants.Nothing special here, except for a lot of TVs.
4	Great beer, Great atmosphere, sub-par food.  Still love the place!
4	Cool little bar and grill. Went here with some friends for lunch and had a great time. Our server was really friendly and checked up on us many times. They had good beer on tap and lots of drink specials. I ordered the chicken walnut salad with raspberry vinaigrette and it was okay. Nothing to call home about, but not horrible either. I like that you can bring in pictures of your dogs for them to hang up on the walls. I also like the peanuts served to you in little doggy bowls. Cute little touch. I will be back. :)
2	Over priced and just an ok beer selection.  $14 for a fajita that can feed a small child. Burger is ok, frys are cooked not all the way through.
2	Very bad experience at Uncle Bear's last night. I asked for water no lemon. Water came with lemon.I asked for a Kiltlifter beer. Wrong beer came. Sent back.Dining companion asked 3 times for no tomato on salad. Guess what. Salad came with tomato. Sent back.No refills were brought for drinks.We were never asked if we wanted dessert.Took a long time to get check. We were there almost two hours for a "quick" dinner.Once it finally got there the food was ok. I don't know how much of this problem was fault of the kitchen, but certainly the server was clueless. I don't expect service this bad on a Tuesday night. I'll be going to Oreganos next door next time. The food is better there.
2	I've been to this location several times now and none of my experiences stand out, in fact they've all been between the ranges of 'crappy' and 'lame'.  It's close enough so friends often mention it for Happy Hour consideration... but, as of late, with so many BETTER options nearby, I try to steer the HH selection away from this place.The service is OK if you sit indoors, but when we've sat outdoors during lunch or after work, it has been slow at best and sub par.  That isn't the biggest complaint.  I think their food seriously sucks, even for 'bar & grill' standards... sliders were plain, breaded shrimp MEH, chicken strips YUK, tacos YUKKIER, beans BARF!  You get the idea.  I even had their mixed drinks and found them highly disappointing and lackluster.. but, hey, if you want to toss some peanuts on the floor and drink a beer or 4, this might work for you!  I like to eat tasty food (yes, even when I'm drinking) so I vote to skip this joint, even if it is just for a few beers.Patio is nice and can be enjoyable if you're buzzed enough to not care about getting tasty food and can ignore slow, lackluster service.. oh yeah, and if it's not 100deg out.
3	The food was meh and overpriced. We went during Happy Hour and still racked up a $30 tab. Was overcharged for my beer. The nachos were super awkward and not worth the $9 (which was a discounted price for Happy Hour). The service was great though and so were the wings.
4	What a fun little spot Uncle Bear's Grill and & Bar is, went with friends on a sat night to check out the karaoke and can say I had a blast!  I wish I remembered my servers name, he was good, making sure we were taken care of and if we needed anything he was on it! How cool are the dog bowls full of peanuts! Love that stuff!!!I was suffering from a sweet tooth when I showed up at Uncle Bear, and guess what, they had the cure! I ordered me the Bears Cookies N Cream Bowl, oh holy cow that's a big bowl of ice cream and on the bottom of that a warm chunky chocolate chip cookie that I swear was rolled in a cinnamon sugar mix, omg so delish! The sundae was covered in whipped cream & whole walnuts and doused with sweet chocolate sauce!  Yes my sweet tooth was cured! I also wound up with a few Irish Car Bombs & a cherry bomber It was a good night, had lots of fun, people & staff were friendly and everyone was just having a good time.  I will be back!
5	Can't figure out why this place is reviewed so low? Awesome place!  We ordered club sandwiches with pop. Best sandwich we've had in awhile. Brought our dog, Duke, and sat out on the misty patio! Service was great and was asked if we wanted dessert so we got chocolate ice cream! We will return!:-)make sure to check out all the pictures on the wall. Our pic is the cutest one by far!!!
5	I love this place! Happy hour food/drink specials usually draw a fun crowd and I'm addicted to their sliders and Old Fashioned burger. Where else can you eat peanuts from dog bowls and toss your shells on the floor, don't try that at home. I've been known to show up for $3 local beers each Thursday. I'm a fan of Four Peaks 'Kiltlifter'. The dog theme is unique and I typically see a mix of families, shift workers, couples and apparent regulars all there to relax, eat and drink. If I had a dog, I'd bring it to hang on the patio, cool concept. Check this place out!
4	I waited many years for that sign out front to turn into an actual neighborhood bar and grill and it finally happened.  I was a longtime patron of the Gilbert location until I moved to Pecos Ranch.  Now, having Uncle Bears in my neighborhood is fantastic.  I love the weeknight specials, the menu continues to evolve and improve and clearly responds to the feedback and requests of the customers.   The beers on tap are sufficiently diverse, the sliders cover the spectrum, and the environment is good for families, happy hours, sporting events or just an evening out.  Even with many other options nearby, Uncle Bears is the best casual restaurant and bar around the south Chandler area.
1	I used to be a long-time Bears fan, have been going whenever I am in town (I think I have written two positive reviews in the past). BUT, based on my experience, and the recent trend of negative reviews, I think somethink has changed drastically.We were seated on a Tuesday (place was slow - staff standing around chatting) and waited about 10 minutes before giving up and leaving.  The server saw us, as he was sucking up to the table next to us.  I asked if he was supposed to be our server (he was), and if he knew we had been sitting there for nearly 10 minutes (he didn't).  Bears has always been good, so I thought maybe this Jimmy Fallon wannabe was just an oblivious d-bag.  So, I called the restaurant after we left.  No, the manager kind of seemed very uninterested, so I think we have given up.Based on the recent reviews, I am wondering if the management at this Bears has changed recently - as I always thought it was top-notch, and now, it's just another overrated bar.
1	Well, I keep trying, beer is cold service good if you can get it!.  The food is dog shit, eat lots of free peanuts.  I spend my money elsewhere, BTW took my dog there and he would not eat my hamburger,
3	Came here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch. We stood around a little awkwardly when we got there since we didn't know if we should seat ourselves or wait for someone. After a while we just sat ourselves. They have free peanuts at all of the tables which was perfect since I was really hungry. I opted for the half sandwich and half salad. I went with the meatball sandwich since it's been a while since I had one. The salad is nothing special, just a simple side salad. The sandwich was really good, no complaints here. The bread was perfectly toasted too. It was kind of annoying having to swat pesky flies away while you're trying to eat. My bill was just a little under $10 which seems high to me for what I got.They have a dog friendly patio which is pretty cool but I can't imagine having to sit outside while it's hot out, even if it did mean getting to eat with your pup. They had a ton of TV screens which is great if you're trying to catch a game. College football was on and there was a big group of Nebraska fans there catching the game. I think service here can be hit or miss. Our waitress wasn't bad, a little slow at times but we weren't in a rush. I noticed that the table next to us was sitting for a while before they got a menu in their hands or was given any attention. I think they sat themselves too. I did notice a family who came in that did get seated. Maybe they were short staffed? I wouldn't be opposed to coming back here but it wouldn't be my first choice. I'm rarely in the Chandler area anyway.
3	It is what it is. Peanut shells everywhere. This around I enjoyed myself with peeps. Beer selection is okay.....at least they have hepeweizen. Though they do have an outside sitting area.
2	Came here during happy hour once, service was bad, the waitress had a look on her face like she didn't want to be there, much less wait on us. I knew I shouldn't have come back...but I did, I wanted to give them a 2nd chance. Went today with my son for lunch, after standing around for a while, someone finally saw us and sat us down. Took our order and then I started swatting flies, left and right. That's right, there were flies there constantly. Service this time wasn't bad, but it wasn't good. Our waitress disappeared for a long time, I didn't get any extra napkins (I only got one), finished eating our food and waited around some more until we finally got our check. Forgot to even mention the food...you can find better food elsewhere, it's not even worth mentioning. Totally unforgettable food.We won't be coming here again. Oregano's and BLD are in the same area, will go there, before stepping in here again.
3	Went back again and had their fajitas-they were pretty tasty.  Also, since there are always coupons available for them, it can be a pretty decent deal if you go with another person.Our waitress was pretty good.  I recommend sitting away from the bar area because it gets too noisy.
3	Walked over from our house.  Busy for a Tuesday night.  Were seated right away and waitress came quickly to take our order.  Drinks were delivered promptly but then service went downhill quickly.  Food arrived after what seemed like a longer than average time and was barely warm.  Food was good overall, not spectacular but good and portion sizes were generous.  Once food was delivered the waitress seemed to disappear.  Had to stop the kitchen food server to get drink refills and finally had to flag someone else down for boxes and our check.  Food was good enough and the ability to walk there will prompt us to give it one more try.
4	Great spot to bring your dog and hang on the patio!! Good food lots of food and drink selections! Good specials!
4	This day the service was leaving something to be desired, I'm not a fan of being neglected by a server let alone having a beer spilled on me, on my table or my food. I don't appreciate a server lazily adding garnish to my beers (limes in a non-mexican beer) and not offering to fix it, especially when her presence was lacking at best.  The menu is average but the atmosphere keeps us coming back. I love the fact you can bring your pups and relax with a cocktail and enjoy the surroundings. The Nachos are fabulous and always leave me wanting more. . I love the fact that the bar has an outside/inside option which is great in the summer (maybe not in Dec/Jan)..  We'll keep coming back and fingers crossed we dont end up in a poor servers section again.
3	We frequent Uncle Bears every now and then, usually if we just want drinks.  They have a good list of beers on tap, domestic, local, and import. They have bowls of peanuts at each table that you can eat and throw the shells on the floor (which is usually covered in the shells, but thats part of their gimmick).  I did have a burger from them once, and it was just OK. It kind of tasted like something I could have made myself, which isn't what you want your food to taste like when you go to a restaurant.  The staff seems pretty attentive, and friendly.  I want to go back soon to try their wings, as I feel they would be good at a place like Uncle Bears.  There is also a patio outside with a fireplace that looks very inviting, and I am excited to go sit out there this summer.  All in all, I enjoy the place and the environment, and will keep coming back.
4	Totally fattening bar food, but tasty!  Have enjoyed lunch and a happy hour here.  The vibe is good...  Friday after work is quite busy, even when raining!  Servers were typical...  friendly when I engaged them, but mostly just there to work.  I have no problem with that because I'm usually there for the company of my companions and the atmosphere.  Check it out - take your pup.  How bad can it be?
1	Second time here, first time dining in. I sat at my table for about 30 minutes waiting for water and for someone to take my order. No thanks, I'll go elsewhere.
3	UB is right down the street from my work so if there is a game on, it is an easy place to pick to go watch.With that said, thanks for the TVs.The food, however, I'm not the biggest fan of. I've never been wowed by their food out of the various things I've ordered there. Sure, it is a bar and it has bar food.. but when I compare it to someplace like Zipps, it seems worlds apart.
3	Great place with a nice outdoor patio.  We can ride our bikes here for apps and drinks and have done so many times.  They also catered a friend's wedding and it was great.
5	We love Uncle Bears!  We've been coming to Uncle Bears for the past 6 years or so. We love the atmosphere and the friendly staff. We especially love the Buzztime trivia and the dog theme, as we have two dogs. If you ever get a chance you have to come check it out. They now have locations all over the valley. The east valley has three and the west valley has one. Uncle Bears is a great place to come hang out and watch a game. Bring your dogs too, the patio is dog friendly.
3	One star for being dog friendly. One star for having a lot of TVs, and one star for being close to our house. The two stars that are missing? Food and service. Food is overpriced for being mediocre bar food. We have given the food several chances, and every time we remind ourselves "oh ya, remember how we said we would never order food again?" The only thing I have liked so far is the french onion soup. That being said, they do have a really cool patio and lots of TVs. The downside is the service is sub-par. As in, very slow. For being a 'neighborhood hangout' - it doesn't seem like the employees are too concerned with getting to know the patrons and making them feel welcome. We also really love the photos of all the dogs inside.
4	We stopped in for dinner on July 4. We thought they would be busy but found that it was pretty empty. The ambiance is fantastic for dog lovers. The walls are adorned with 8X10 photos of dogs. There are peanuts at the table in dog bowls and the entire menu has fun phrases related to dogs. Tons of TVs to watch as well! Overall we had a pleasant experience. The food was great. We started with a side salad and chicken tortilla soup. The salad  comprised of mixed greens so that's nice compared to the cheap iceberg lettuce I find at most bar establishments. The chicken tortilla soup was good. Then we noticed that tacos were the special for the day so we ordered two shrimp tacos. They were delicious! It was seasoned with a cajun seasoning and came with limes and salsa. Our entrees were the mushroom burger and chicken salad sandwich. My fiance is gluten free due to medical needs and we were surprised to find gluten free buns, for an additional fee. The burger was gone pretty quick so it definitely was tasty. The chicken salad sandwich was amazing. For dessert we had the cookies and ice cream bowl. They came with a cookie on the bottom, ice cream, whipped cream, walnuts, and a cherry. Price wise, its comparable to most bars. Our service level was alright. We got attention when we needed it and then were left alone for the most part. Prior to leaving, the manager came over and asked us how everything was. We will definitely return with the dogs since dogs are allowed on the patio.
3	Oh you chicken sliders you....Yum.So good. I love when chicken isn't dry and disgusting. Their Chicken sliders are on point.  French fries are definitely not as we fed our pit mix most of our french fries. Apparently my boyfriends meatball sliders were really good too. The bread on the sliders are amazing as well. That was kind of a shocker.  Service was decent enough nothing stellar and over the top.We sat in the patio since we brought our dog with us. Our dog is prissy as hell and was not to thrilled that the waitress brought out a container to package your leftovers as his water bowl.Overall it was A-Ok. Not the most amazing food ever but it was fine.
2	It seems that all of the sports bars in Chandler have their own issues... Uncle Bear's has crappy service and bad positioning of TVs. Majerle's has a great staff, large very clear TVs but the food is subpar. Zipp's has good food but the TVs aren't as clear and the patio sucks. Tilted Kilt has a good staff and decent TVs but the food is only slightly better than Majerle's. Coach & Willies has bad TV positioning, food that is only slightly better than Majerle's and an ok staff. Maybe I'm too picky...As places to go and watch sports go this is not a good one. The food is better than Majerle's, but the service is subpar (as experienced on multiple occasions) and the televisions are in awkward positions.
2	Usually good food and service but ended up going there twice this past week and food was not good at all. The grilled wings are usually good but tough and not at all crispy this last time, fajita taco's had no flavor, French fries were soggy both times and the Old Fashion burger is usually delicious but was more than well done, almost burnt.  What happened Uncle Bear's, new cook? Please management, fix this as we love this little bar and grill in our neighborhood and don't want to have to go somewhere else!
2	Took the family one evening.  The place itself is fun with a dog themed, pics of dogs covering the walls, peanuts served in dog bowls.  The kids liked that, being able to throw the shells wherever they liked.  Good drink specials with local beers on tap, service was very slow, had to wait a while for the waitress to come around for the order and refills.  The food itself was very average to below average, bland and not exactly fresh.  Would be a fun place to watch a game, have a few beers, eat elsewhere.
3	For a bar, I really enjoyed my food.  The chicken sliders and the chicken salad were both very good.  The place was a little dead which was surprising for a football Saturday and that made the fact that the service was slow all the more disappointing.  I'll certainly go back.  Maybe next time I'll bring the dog and see if he helps my service out!
4	What?  I thought for sure I had already written a review on this place!  Ever since we moved out of Chandler, my hubby and I reminisce about their happy hour and their ICE COLD beers.  I'm not exaggerating here.  The beer is poured into a frozen glass and there is usually ice floating on the top of the beer when the server brings it to the table.  If I sung a song like Maria Von Trapp, I'd have frozen glasses and ice cold beer as a few of my favorite things.  I swear they have the coldest beer in the valley. We love munching on peanuts before our meals arrive and looking at the adorable pictures of dogs on the walls all around us.  We usually order the nachos, which are served on a huge platter.  They are not traditional nachos, as they are about 10 large chips loaded with fixings instead of a huge pile of chips.  They are much easier to eat than regular nachos.  The sliders are great too.  If you are leaving the Paseo Vista dog park nearby and are craving an ice cold local brew, stop in to Bear's and find a spot on the patio!
4	We came here because they are dog friendly. Its perfect weather right now to take our dog out now. Food was good I had a chicken guac sandwich very good!  Also very messy thou will need extra napkins and maybe eat with a fork and knife!  Haha. Service not so great.  I asked for extra napkins 3 different times.  How hard is it to get napkins! ? Server didn't really check on us.  Idk if she was busy inside or what.  Either way she should have either told us She was busy and I would have been more understanding or asked another server to take us or ask your boss for help.  I've only been here one time so I will give it another try 1 because they are dog friendly and 2 food was good.
2	This place could be awesome.  We used to like taking our dog there, have a few beers and we'd order Oreganos to go. Now they don't even have good beer.  Sad story!  The food is awful.  I had a quesadilla one time and they don't have salsa.  Weird right..  We have tried several things and have brought several friends there and everyone agrees food is terrible.  The main bartender is good for a laugh though!  Hopefully it gets better.  I've always wanted to put a menu together for them.
4	Took the family out again to Uncle Bear's Grill and bar and again really enjoyed the food with the great service we're accustomed of getting.  We don't eat here often, but I will say we have not had a bad experience yet when we pick this restaurant, so I will have to say try it.  It's not pricey, again good food and service and a good atmosphere to eat.  I recommend it.
1	Food mediocre would be nice, but the food is less than that.  You can freeze inside with no heat and wind blowing in the wide open window at night or sit outside with a ton of smokers.  Used to like this place.  What happened?
2	the beer and food are good but the fact that this place allows smoking period is completely unacceptable.
3	Nice neighborhood sports bar that used to have a decent menu, but no more. I've gone to the Chandler location a few times per week since it opened a couple years back. (I live 4 blocks away) Lately they're trying some craft brew image that, if the universe is merciful, will quickly pass. I finally tried every item (except the salads) on the new menu, and every single item is bland and tasteless. Bear's will continue to be my go-to, owing to the heated, dog-friendly patio and engaging servers, but I no longer order food. If you're into typically over-hopped microbrews, their beers might be your thing, but otherwise their selection is okay. They're really close to Intel, Paypal/eBay, GMAC, and a couple data centers, so it's a great place for happy hours. Smoking is allowed on the patio, which I think is a huge draw; if you're an anti-smoking zealot, there are other restaurants with patios in the same plaza. Like the late Uncle Bear says: come, sit, and stay....but eat before you get there.
4	Very cool hang out spot. They allow dogs which I think is amazing. Went for Super Bowl and I had a great time. I live fairly close so I will definitely be going often now. It's a great spot for a few drinks & bar food. AND YOU CAN TAKE YOUR DOG, had I mentioned that? FYI the fries are delish.
4	Would have given 5 stars except for the massive amount of smokers that sit on the patio. It's almost Un-enjoyable. Should look into banning smoking on the property. Other than that- the food is amazing! LOVE the dog friendly patio.
5	I recently hit up the the NEW Uncle Bears in Tempe complete with an in house brewery. THE BEERS WERE VERY NICE!  The service was good and people were passionate about what they were selling. Nice to see things coming along so swimmingly! Cant wait to try again.  Cheers!
5	Love having our dog on the patio :-) good service, good food.
2	Used to be a good neighborhood spot.  They've changed the menu, got rid of mini pitchers, and brought in a line of terrible local brews.  Service is bad now too.   Won't be back.
4	I came here for dinner the other night with my pup and it was enjoyable. It was a dead night at the bar and grill, only ourselves and another group of 4 outside, two more tables inside. We were greeted quickly, given our drinks and received our appetizer rather rapidly. The mozarella sticks were delicious, but $8? Seems a bit hefty for an appetizer price...anyways, food took a while but was hot and rather tasty. I ordered the grilled cheese with bacon and would probably get something different next time. The onion rings were to die for! We also finished off with a chocolate cookie with ice cream which was subpar at best. I loved being able to let my dog off the leash and have her roam around us. Sitting by the fire afterwards was really enjoyable! I would definitely give it another try and order something different. This seems like it would be a really fun bar on a Friday or Saturday night?
2	This place has such great potential, but it's not quite there yet - the food/menu being the biggest thing that can improve.  We've found an item or two that we like, but that's about it.  We also love the idea of their gluten free menu, but they really need to get different gluten free buns - their GF buns are not good!  Talk to Red Robin about what kind of GF buns they use.
1	Folks... dont waste your money or time here. Hostess and management is very bad. The food across the board is very poor. Uncomfortable seating and very noisy. Very poorly managed. Hostess is unprofessional and very rude to customers. One star is a gift here.
4	We like this place. Food is decent. Happy hour specials are valuable. And best of all their patio is dog friendly. We have four big dogs and bring one each time we visit. On Saturdays they have dog food available for free with entree purchase. They bring out water bowls and the staff all seem to be dog lovers. We generally order burgers but their wings are good too.
2	Great food but the service really is lacking.  Not sure if we will be back again.  The place was not busy as we were there for a late dinner, but the waiter just did not seem like he wanted to take care of our dining needs.  Pretty disappointed.
2	I am usually not the guy that writes bad reviews but Uncle Bears needs to get a handle on there prices. There food is decent to OK,  yet they have raised there prices over the years for some unknown reasons. Had a chicken pizza and very bland and slightly under cooked. Went back on a Sunday and place was completely dead but was with a group of 6 and this place was close to the house. There were no drink specials what so ever and pitchers of Domestic beers were $11, YES I SAID $11!! That is absolutely absurd. Most bars loose a lot of business on Sundays after Football season so give us a reason to come in.  I think will just drive the few extra miles and visit Zipps. This bar needs to realize that just because you have nice flat screen TV's in front of you customers actually care about getting some type of value pricing when they go out. And if you want to sit on the patio forget sitting at the bar outside, it is like a wind storm coming down on you from the fans to keep the smoke and bugs out. If you have a dog, smoke and like to sit on a patio this bar is for you.
1	Horrible service! We walked in and sat down, a young guy watched us and proceeded to bring menus to two ladies who came in after us. Looked at us twice and still no acknowledgment. Asked a manager  for a server even after he had ALSO looked but not acknowledged. Great job manager! We ordered drinks and waited and waited for our server to return. We ended up leaving. Will not be returning.
5	Great blend variety if food. Cold beer. Great atmosphere and crowd. Great for an after work beer and dinner or just a bite to eat. Really a neighborhood and our family fav.
2	Took out of town guests here for dinner.  Service was ok.  Pretzel appetizer was good.  Main entrees took awhile and were all cold.  Grilled cheese was delivered on untoasted plain white bread, cheese was melted but bread was not grilled and soup was cold, had to send it back.  Everyones french fries and sides were cold.  They took it off the bill, but still didn't make up for the bad experience for our guests.
4	My sister and I came in for dinner on a whim last night. Our burgers were pretty tasty and our waiter - Justin  - was nice and helpful. We LOVE the dog loving theme. Well have to be back for another try and I know my coworkers will love it!
3	Went here today to meet my husband on his lunch break. We came just after opening. When we first entered we kind of just stood there for a second. We were noticed then were told to sit where ever we wanted. I got the herds burger and my husband had the pulled pork sandwich. I also got the pear cider they had. Our waiter was very nice and we got our food pretty quickly. It was a pretty good meal. I was worried after reading the reviews but I disagree with them. Our food was yummy and the service was good as well. I would definitely come back!
2	We were thinking this would be an awesome place because we could bring the dog but from the second we got here I was ready to go. First off, you can smoke on the patio? I don't enjoy eating my food with other people's second hand smoke. Secondly, the food was less than mediocre. Needless to say, we won't be eating here again. There are tons of other real cool places to take the pups!
5	Great place, great food and people.  We're holding our Pints for Paws "Yappy Hour" here to benefit Louie And Friends Foundation on Saturday 4 pm to 8 pm.  Come see us and enjoy some great food and drinks for a great organization helping people with their dogs vet bills.  There is a dog friendly patio and event.
5	Thade is the man me and my girlfriend have been here numerous times and never gotten such immaculate service as when he was our waiter he went above and beyond expectations and did everything possible to comfort us from the moment we sat down until the moment we left as well as great beer and food suggestions just overall a great experience. Thade is the epitome of what uncle bears should be looking for during the hiring process and he is by far the best server we have encountered since moving from the east coast a few months ago five stars all around
3	Lunch was alright. Good food but very small portion. It was a restaurant week deal so may be that is why. Food was not bad. I expected it to be in the same league as Craft or Jean George but it was not. Food was pretty decent little above average but not spectacular as the top ones.
5	I sprained my ankle walking a few feet from the door.  I came in pain they seated me quickly. They noticed I was in pain got me an ice pack and offered tylenol. The food was great. The service is incredible.  I would give nothing but 5 stars. Get the Pork Lettuce Wraps they are good.
2	It's no wonder they just went out of business. Food was boring and overpriced. I actually took my dog here once and they said I could buy a chicken patty for her. Very dissapointing.
1	They have been finally closed ...  This place had terrible service , very poor management and pathetic food.**** Glad to hear Uncle Bears in Chandler is CLOSED !!!!!!!!!   *********************
