1	I  called for a pizza for take out. I was told it would be 45 minutes! Too long. The pizza crust & sauce has NO taste!! Toppings were sparse. Sorry to say that "Pizza Hut" would beat this place with no problem. When I walked in to pick up the pizza, I saw a server cutting up a loaf of "burnt" bread to deliver to the people eating inside the restaurant. We will not be back. No taste sause....just like Don Antonio's.
5	Fantastic food!
5	Best Italian in town. So glad "Don Antonio's" is back.
3	Almost exactly the same menu as Don Antonio's, so everything is well priced and tastes good.  Most entrees come with a choice of soup or salad.  You also get unlimited free bread as an appetizer.  Unfortunately, it feels very weird to be waited on in a small little area of 4 or 5 tables.  It just doesn't have the atmosphere Don Antonio's had.  Ordering pasta or lasagna to go feels weird to me as well.For those who are ranking low due to the pizza....you are missing the point of don antonios.  They always had sub-par pizza.  The chicago style is halfway decent though.  You go to don antonios for the pasta, lasagne, and free bread.
1	No sauce and no cheese on the pizza this place looked like it was ready to go out of business already and with the lack of toppings on the pizza I will be shocked if they make it to next year.
4	Good food and very good prices.  I've tried the pizza, lasagna, and a chicken parm sandwich.  All were terrific.  If you're used to Pizza Hut, you're used to a different kind of pizza.  Mama D's pizza is New York style, thus the East Coast transplants (like me) probably appreciate pizza that reminds them of what they grew up with.  The services isn't the fasted and your food might take a little longer than expected, but as the sign says at my mechanic, " You want it cheap, good, or fast?  Choose 2."  Mama D's is good and pretty well priced.
3	This place has some very good New York style pizza at a very cheap price. A personal 10" is $5.50 (toppings are $1 each). Sausage was better than pepperoni and most sodas have unlimited refills. The order took a little long to get to my table, but they do make it fresh.I missed the lunch special by 5 minutes (11:00 AM - 3:00 PM) and had to pay a bit extra, but that is okay. My total was $16 for two people. I know I will be back here for more food and to review the other dishes.
1	I bought a sausage dish here and a chicken parmesan, and the food was barely edible. Actually, it was downright horrible and ruined my night. And the guy behind the counter wasn't all that nice to boot. Sorry guys, just being honest.
4	Ordered delivery to the house. It was good pizza nice crust not too much sauce. Very tasty and had it to the house in about 30 minutes.
4	Shrimp franchaise was my favorite at Don Antonios and it is still good here. They pronounce it fran-chee-zee. Fresh baked, crisp crust bread. Oh it's so good. Enough food for 2 meals. Glad they're back in business and Mel is so nice. I'm glad she's still my server. Can't wait for the dining room to open.
4	Came here with a friend and all our kiddos for lunch. They were super quick to take orders & bring out the drinks. They even did half water half fruit punch for the kids drinks. We split a large pizza & when it came out it looked perfect. Once we started eating it we realized it tasted pretty perfect. It was nice and thin but not over sauced or cheesed. And our total was very affordable. I would come back here again.
2	I wanted to order pizza for dinner and was too lazy to go somewhere and pick it up. Thus, I wound up ordering from Mama D's. Plus, I've passed by it several times and had wanted to try it out.I used their online ordering system and received an email confirmation letting me know the approx. delivery time was 7:35pm (over an hour later).Around 7:45pm, I called to check on it and make sure they received the order and everything since the pizza had yet to be delivered. They said they had received it and it was out for delivery.Around 8:15pm, I called again and was again told that it was out for delivery.At 8:35pm. I called again (after all, it was supposed to be delivered by 7:35pm) and was told this time that my order was never received. The staff person was very nice and apologetic, but that was it. No offer of anything to make up for it. I placed an order for a new pizza and it was delivered about 35 minutes later.I ordered the NY-style pizza with a couple of toppings. It was ok, but I wouldn't ever order it again. It definitely was not NY-style. And the toppings were practically whole, not sliced or chopped.Perhaps dining-in would have been a better experience? Perhaps the non-pizza items are better? I'm just not sure after this 1st experience that I would bother trying.
2	I've been here twice, once with my guy and once with my mom. They bring out really yummy hot bread with butter before the meal, and even as a bleu cheese hater, I stole some of my mom's dressing because it was homemade and delicious. So, 2 stars for salad and bread.I'm not picky about where I sit in a restaurant (I'm not that jerk who insists on a booth with my nose turned up when I walk in) but the tables in this place are super impersonal and small. I felt kind of... crunchy and exposed to the group of loud men sitting 7 inches away from my table at the next table.The first time I ate here I had a meatball sandwich. The second time, spaghetti with meat sauce (which turned out to be crumbled meatballs mixed in with the sauce.) both times it was good, but even as a garlic lover, the garlic is overwhelming. Seriously, guys, those meatballs are a nuclear threat if the imbiber utters an H word. Your date will be giving you the side face ALL NIGHT LONG. You will reek of garlic for a month. Go ahead, argue with me that this won't happen because you love garlic and eat heads of it as a snack. try the meatballs. I DARE YOU. I thought the meat sauce would not have the garlic permeation of the meatballs, but the crumpled meatballs threw me for a loop. So here I sit, in a cloud of garlic odor... :) not getting any kisses tonight.The service the first time I went in, was strange. Some guy was behind the counter and I told him I needed a second to order. So he sat 2 tables away watching me. Then asked 25 seconds later if I was ready. No. 20 seconds later, are you ready? jeez, I guess I'd better be... This time, the service was better although the server was having a hard time with a family who'd ordered 1 sandwich for 4 people and insisted on a free meal because the sandwich was "wrong." So she was flustered and unable to get to my table to check on us. which I understand.I just probably won't be back.
4	Great food, reasonably priced and fast delivery- great place!
4	Yumm, had a salami 10" pizza and a coke for 5 bucks wow! And it was great!  Just like the east coast stuff! Tried the pepperoni was great as well. This was my second try here, got the boars head turkey sandwich first time was great!
4	Went early on a Friday evening expecting to get in and out quickly.  When we got there we were told there was no waitress but we could eat there if we didn't mind getting up to get our food--we were just having pizza & wings so no biggie.It took a while to get our food and while we waited, we watched a lot of confusion in the kitchen. I thought we made a big mistake coming here, and I didn't know how much longer for food and what type of quality to expect.Well...we were pleasantly surprised. One of the guys in the kitchen brought our food with plates, and both wings and pie were really good! So, I'd recommend Mama D's, but be patient.
1	I can't really give this place a rating because I couldn't try the food. I called to place a delivery and the phone just rang. 10 rings the first call, 8 rings the second call about 10 minutes later. I'd at least appreciate an answered phone with a "please hold" instead of indefinite ringing. I'm willing to try again, but will probably dine at the place instead.
1	Its pizza, nothing special. You get what you pay for.
5	Hands down the best sauce ever.   Friendly service.  Take out or delivery only.
1	We have ordered from here all the time, especially since they took on the Don Antonio's menu.  Tonight we ordered and were disappointed all around.  The garlic knots sucked compared to what they were before, the chicken wings I ordered mild and they were HOT, the gnocchi was nonexistent along with the shrimp scampi since they have now shortened their menu by half.  We will not be ordering from them again, even though we have been a loyal customer for over 2 years.
