2	We need a little diversity in South Phoenix.  Seriously, we have a lot of chain restaurants. And a lot of Mexican restaurants. Little of anything else.   So we would welcome a little Italian food into our mix! Despite my 2-star rating, I do have high hopes for this little Italian establishment and in all fairness, they were only 11-days old on our visit yesterday. They don't' yet have a liquor license, but you can bring your own bottle and they'll uncork it (for no fee). One of the servers started us off with a complimentary meat and cheese plate. The problem was, he set it on the table and there was no explanation as to what was on the plate. I also think if they had plated the selections on a smaller plate and added a touch of parsley garnish, it would have been more impressive. As it was, the compliment was more of an eyesore.The food was mediocre. The dishes were either too flavorful, as in my "zesty" marinara, or unflavorful as in the "God Father" sauce. In either instance, the menu may benefit from some more descriptive adjectives and perhaps some background on the region of Italy the flavors derive; doing so may help manage our expectations. We did order a desert. We asked if the Canolli was made on-site, and they said it was. But even that, seemed a little blah. I felt like the place has potential with atmosphere and a sincere owner that wants to deliver a positive experience. But, the waitstaff needs a lot of help and the kitchen needs to work out some of the kinks in flavors. Give it a chance, but don't go with high expectations.
4	Don't really feel like I need to write anything, since I was there with patrick b., I think he covered everything.  I will say that as a Gnocchi lover I am constantly disappointed by bad Gnocchi whenever I order it at Italian restaurants.  This was not one of those instances.  The Gnocchi was executed perfectly, as was the wonderful pesto that I asked for to accompany it.  I feel very lucky to have such a great restaurant close to home, we will definitely be visiting chef Andy here again!
4	I had heard this place opened recently and my roommate said he saw it packed on a weekend.  Last night we decided to go check it out.  We live in Laveen so I was hopeful that we would have a good Italian restaurant close by.  We went on a Monday night about 8pm.  There was only one couple inside, however it was really close to closing time.  The ambiance is nice for the area, and very homey.  Right away we were greeted by a woman who I found out was the owner.  We were greeted by the rest of the family of owners and the chef came and introduced himself while our server got our drinks.  When our server returned we were surprised with a platter of antipasti consisting of some traditional cold cuts, cheese, olives, marinated asparagus and fresh bread.  Also some olive oil and balsamic for dipping.  Great way to start our meal.  Our server was knowledgeable and personable, the whole experience I felt like we were eating at a family's home.  I ordered the Fettuccine Alla Florentine and my roommate had the lasagna with Godfather sauce.  Both were great.  Fresh ingredients, larger portions.  Not overloaded with sauce or cheese.  Only drawback was that they didn't have their liquor license when we visited, but that will change next week!  Great to have a decent Italian restaurant on the South Side now, so get out and support this local business!
3	Went for breakfast. I saw a couple signs around south phoenix...Just Breakfast. I didnt know if that was the name of the place or what. So when my boyfriend and i pulled up i was a bit confused to see and italian restaurant. It would have been nice to say...Just Breakfast at La Cucina Italiana.The service was good, vibe was good, place is clean and homey, coffee was good. I like to have honey in my coffee, but they didn't have any. Luckily I have a bottle in my car for these situations. Sad, i know.The food was just OK, it wasn't bad, it was just boring. I had an omelet and my boyfriend had pancakes and eggs.I'll go back to try to try their pizza and/or Italian, but don't think I'll be going back for breakfast anytime soon. But more places like this are needed down here in south phoenix, we're lacking some diversity. Bad!
5	My Alla Paesana (with Oven Roasted Vegetables) was great. Love the understated ambiance. Service was very good. Very reasonably priced.
4	This place is a wonderful italian eatery that Laveen was SO lacking! The prices are a little high, but the food quality is comparable to the price. The staff is friendly and treat my bf and I well each time. (we feel kind of like redneck losers since we usually stumble in after a long day at work then out with the horses feeding and cleaning) The *free* appetizer plate is extraordinary and a very costly freebie, it is much appreciated. The atmosphere is cute. It was obviously done lovingly by the owners or management and although it's not Venice, Italy, it's cute and I appreciate the effort. La Bella Cucina is excellent, dont hesitate to try it out!
2	Only one experience,  Went Sunday evening, service was OK, no personality, no "specials", ordered a glass of wine and given about half of a cup in glass. I had the 3 sauce manacotti,  my partner had the shrimp lemon linguine. Hoping next time will be better.
5	Try the cassita dessert. Any thing layered in chocolate ganache is to die for. The lunch specials are large, and worth the price!
4	I've always gone for the guy with the great personality over the hottest guy in the room. This is what  La Cucina Italiana reminds me of. They opened in the location that used to be home to Spokes. While it is not a gorgeous spot, and the food needs some work, the attention to detail and ability to please well make up for it. We had a very new server (2nd day on the job) and he really couldn't explain anything on the menu. I order the Gnocci, and the accompanying sauce was nothing as he described and it was extremely overdone (like mush).  When I brought it to his attention he apologized profusely and quickly brought me out a new dish, no questions asked. My second choice was the Pollo Picata and it was amazing. Chicken breasts glazed with a tangy lemon, butter, and caper sauce and served with creamy orzo and herbed oven roasted vegetables.  My friend had the chicken parmesan and it was served over penne (weird) but also pretty good. They serve a decently priced wine list and a wonderful complimentary antipasto plate to kick off the meal.  He may not be gorgeous, but he tries hard enough to keep me around. 3 stars!
3	Pretty darn yummy. Support your local businesses.
5	Love their food!
5	Went here recently for lunch.  The food was amazing.  Their quick lunch specials are fantastic and as quick as they claim.  Being Italian I can be critical. Yet I loved their food.  Looking forward to trying a nice dinner out with my guy!
2	More than one star because our waiter was a super-nice guy.  However, the food here is terrible.  I ordered spaghetti with sausage and meatball, not too difficult.  Everything was reheated, not even the pasta was cooked fresh.  The sausage and meatball were luke-warm in the middle, but they were crispy on the outside.  Gross. Sause tasted like the emptied a bottle of table wine in the plate. There's a reason why this place is always empty.
2	The food was pedestrian at best. We've eaten there twice, and both times the restaurant was a ghost town. The service was good, the waiters attentive. But the food itself just wasn't good. The antipasto appetizer was probably the best part of the meal, and it was complimentary. Also, live music playing to an empty restaurant doesn't evoke a good ambiance, it just makes you even more aware of the fact that the place is empty.
4	My husband and I just got back from eating here with friends.  The pizza was incredible.  Similar in style to Sauce (which I love).  We got the three meat, but I've had the pesto and the margherita, and they're all delicious.  , Living in Laveen, we're used to traveling for great food, but luckily, we don't have to for La Cucina Italiana.  Our friends will be back, too!
4	This is a hidden gem.
4	I have been going to this restaurant for several months.  The service is amazing and for the price the food and free anti-pasta they bring to the table makes this a very good choice!The people are friendly, the atmosphere is nice and the food is as fresh as it gets.Family owned and operated with a concern for the local populace and keeping the price down so that families can take advantage of the fine food.I will go back again and again!
1	Had friends over and wanted something easy for dinner.  Was thinking to have pizza delivered so I yelped a local place that delivers.  Other than the chains- Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, Hungry Howies and Dominoes this restaurant is what I found.  I would way rather support local, family business so I gave them a call.I asked the girl who answered if they deliver.  The response was, "I think so but the delivery person is not here yet.  I think they come in at 5:30pm".  I asked if she wanted my phone number so she could call me back and let me know if they would for sure have delivery tonight.  She said she would call me back at 5:30 and let me know.  (This was at 5:05pm and I was STARVING.)  I asked her if she could phone the delivery person and then phone me right back otherwise I would order from somewhere else.  She told me that the delivery person was also one of the owners but she didn't know her cell phone number.  Okay, I left my phone number but with very low hope.  I was going to wait 5 minutes and call Papa Johns.I was surprised to get a call back within that 5 minutes that the delivery lady had arrived and she had to transfer my call to a waitress to take my order.  I order a large pizza with 1/2 cheese and 1/2 pepperoni ($13), an eggplant parm ($13) and a baked ziti ($10).  Then I ask if this is enough food for 8 kids and 2 adults.  I am put on hold and transferred to the cook.  The cook says the parm and ziti feed one person and the pizza is cut in 8 slices.  So I add on another 3 cheese pizza for $13.  There is another transfer back to the waitress to complete the order.  I am given the total... over $52.  I hang up and proceed to go about my evening.The phone rings again.  They forgot to get my address for delivery.  I go about my business waiting the 30 minutes I am told it will take to deliver.  The phone rings again.  They want to know how I will pay.  I explain that I have exact change and will pay cash.  The deliver occurs about 1 hour after the order is made.  30 minutes later than expected.The pizza's are small.  The pasta is small and we get a tiny box with a few small slices of dense bread.  The pizza is gross.  The crust has way to much seasoning (rosemary) and even the 8 kids don't finish 1 pizza.The eggplant parm was the worst I have ever had.Paid $60 with tip and I wish I had ordered Papa Johns after all.  Very sad!!
4	The name is now My Family Bistro, same place but new name. I found a small add in The NewTimes for this place.... the South Phoenix location is not our favorite part, but we are willing to head a bit south of home for a good family owned place. The service was wonderful, Isis was cute and engaging!I must say, that this is probably one of my two favorite pizzas in town. The crust is crispy and full of herbs, and it needs to be, as I had the 3Meat, and it was tasty and a bit greasy from all the meat (not a bad thing in my opinion!!) My husband had the spaghetti with bolegnese and ate the whole Large portion, plus warm fresh bread. When you sit down, the table gets an antipasti platter, and we both got a nice fresh, light salad that I didn't even know was included. All very good. So.... 3 beers, two salads, the antipasti platter, bread, pizza and spaghetti... all for the grand total of $33.00!!! Great value. I guess the only drawback for me is the lack of atmosphere... it's not the hip, urban uptown place that we love... but the food and people are worth the trip!!
4	I'm happy to say, I enjoyed this visit to La Cucina Italiana. My first two visits were not so good. We didn't really plan on coming back, but I purchased a coupon on Restaurants.com, so we tried it again. I'm glad we did. The ambiance was so much better - music was playing, lights were toned down and our waitress was friendly. The food was much improved since the last time we came here. We didn't want fried calamari, so the chef sauteed it for us with a touch of garlic, lemon and pepper. The pesto sauce on my pasta had great flavor. One thing I did find odd, especially for an Italian restaurant, was that their red wine selection is very small. They only have 4 or 5 labels listed. The waitress said the had some that was not on the menu but when it came down to ordering a glass, they only had ONE selection. Everything else was sold out. At least it tasted pretty good. They do have a bigger selection of white wine and a good selection of beer.Overall, I am really happy to see they have made some changes, and for the better. I want to support local business owners instead of the big chain restaurants. We don't have a lot to chose from in this area and I really want to see those who have taken the risk to go out on their own succeed.
5	Great place, family owned, delicious food. We come here frequently as a family. My favorite is the brownie. Highly recommend. More people should try this little spot of heaven in south Phoenix.
5	A friend told me about this place, and I'm so glad she did. Tucked away, it's definitely worth hunting for. It is family owned, so it gives a welcoming and warm environment. The portions are gigantic, so keep that in mind. I would definitely recommend getting the bolognese lasagna if you don't know what to get. However, everything I have tried has been delightful. The calamari and pizza are also delightful, so what're you waiting for? Don't pass this place up!
1	Last time we are coming here.  Slow service, smokey air, and salty food.
4	I like La Cucina. Laveen is desperate;y lacking in good italian places and the 3 times I've been there I have been very pleased. The prices are a little higher than you'd expect, but I'm willing to pay them to support local business owners vs. the dime a dozen chains. The staff is great and they create a fine-er dining experience than most everything else in the area. Attention to detail is key, and the little antipasto plate you're presented with is tops. (And can't be inexpensive for them to provide)I have high hopes for La Cucina.. And I hope they stick around and are given a chance by the locals
