5	I just love my school. The campus is nice, clean and the education is top-notch. The new life sciences building is gorgeous! I'm a young adult returning to school after a few years in the workplace and I wasn't sure I'd fit in, but everybody has been very welcoming. After a day at the office, I just love to put on my hoodie and flip flops and go expand my mind :) Most of the instructors are also excellent and very knowledgeable (save for one lukewarm experience but it was more of a personality matter, the curriculum was still strong). I just wish they'd offer engineering classes though, it seems they're more fine arts oriented but you can still get all the basics in. Affordability is also a strong point, and the Maricopa Community Colleges have agreements with ASU, U of A and NAU so students can transfer without losing any credit. Really, there's no need to pay lots in tuition at ASU for your basic ENG101 class when you can take it here in a student-friendly, small class setting.If you're starting out, I warmly recommend my adviser, Andy.
5	I have been going to "college" for 11 years now... yet I have no degree. I bet you are wondering how that is even possible.Maybe, like Van Wilder, I just like being in school (I don't, I hate it). Maybe I'm dumb.Maybe I'm desperately trying to prevent my youth from slipping away. Anyway, back to PVCC. Beautiful campus. Well maintained. Variety of classes at convenient times. Nice professors. Amazing cafe (get the cheesecrisp!!). Overall my fav community college in the valley (and I have been to all of them).GO PUMAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	They have many classes, and from the ones I took, I loved the professors. Very knowledgeable. Very nice campus, pretty and well maintained... Good school :) Of course the books are $$$$ ... But college books always are ridiculously priced.
1	the folks in student financial aid  are the reason I don't attend this school they are clueless, dishonest and dare I say hateful.   If you have tons of money and need no advice then go here.   If you ever .......... ever need help with paying for school then lol do as I was told "scale back your lifestyle"   even the advisors know how horrible they are, yet no one does a thing......before leaving I went on Facebook to get info from other students about fin aid... guess what they deleted it.   LOL ummmmm ok
1	I was hoping to get a few classes out of the way this summer, and wow... Did I have to work hard- to get INTO the classes that is. This school is by far the most disorganized and unmanaged place in the world. Thanks PVCC!!!!!!
3	When I signed up and paid for the annual GYM membership, I did not realize that 90% of the people who go there are seniors. They play oldies music so if you are under 65 years old, you may want to bring your ipod or mp3 player. (The younger staff does play modern music when they are on duty) Parking is NUTS after 9am during school hours. There is however, ample parking for seniors. They have like 30 reserved spots for them surrounding the fitness center. Since I paid for the year, I will go until the membership runs out, but will NOT renew. Many of these seniors treat this gym as a social function and stand/sit around and yap. Too bad many students do not take advantage of this gym. The machines are very good, plenty of cardio machines and staff on hand to help develop a training schedule. Many resources available that are underutilized in my opinion.
4	Love the school. Majority of the teachers are great, classes are small, quite a bit of variety. Parking is horrible, but its free. Food is expensive.Financial Office isn't worth much at helping students or being able to answer questions. But, this is college and with a little research on your own, most can figure out the Fafsa.gov website.Also be wary of the advisement office. They do an ok job, but if they aren't necessarily the best at guiding you to college degrees or explaining the difference of why some degrees may help you more in a particular field you'd like to enter. Overall though, loved the classes. I enjoyed going their (for the most part) and was able to retain a lot from the classes I took.
4	I have also attended SCC in Scottsdale, and I really prefer this campus. The course offerings are endless, the faculty is helpful and approachable, and the campus is being renovated for the better! The library is large, with plenty of tables inside, outside, and another computer lab right across the hall. Free wifi for students, too.I've only had a couple of instructors that I didn't care for, but I will say, everyone speaks English perfectly! I have mostly really enjoyed my classes, and when I found myself getting bored, I picked a different major. I think that's what a lot of people do, and they should. The world doesn't need another next generation who hates what they do. So explore here, and find out what you do like. They have a great transfer program also. I am looking forward to attending ASU downtown in the future. I only go part time to school, so when I started, ASU downtown wasn't an option yet. Who knows what other great choices there are to come?I especially love the Fitness Center! Get college credit to work out? Yeah!!
3	Its a community college :/I'm taking CHM I, Bio I, Ballet I this semester.Academic advising waits: the last 3 times I was there:  2-3 hours long.The lectures are done in decent rooms.The labs can use some improvement.School Policy:rely on your own resources and go talk to your instructor first.(make a list)and THEN they can follow up with a formal complaint if it is not resolved.Instructor capability: three stars on average.Chem: Llako... recommended.Bio: Scott Erickson...fairly new, communication and organization needs improvement.Chem lab: Indu Mishra... difficult to understand/ follow, but very intelligent.Ballet I: Sonia Valle... highly recommended. Excellent teaching methods and critique.Also, read the material beforehand bc some profs have very little experience and they skip around or can't pace themselves.Campus security go patrolling, but I wouldn't take night classes bc its not the best hood.Library is kind of small, but the staff are helpful.School cafeteria is kind of small, but the staff there are very kind.Bookstore, they try to operate efficiently by having additional registers during first week of school.Usually they're pretty chill and help you out with finding your books,but better prices can be found across the street (Union hills) at a secondhand book place for fractions of a cost.Learning support center (tutors) are free, and they are usually very helpful.Career placement center is helpful with editing resumes etc.Norma was super with that.To avoid lines, pay your tuition online, and register for your own classes unless you need overrides.
2	Not the quality education I was looking for.The professors are disorganized and can NOT teach, especially lab.In particular, CHM 151LL and 152 LL Dr. Indu Mishra will take off points for no reason even for a perfect lab report.Inconsistency in grading, students with less accurate data end up with higher grades on the lab reports.Run the other way while you can.
2	Not the quality education I was looking for.The professors are disorganized and can NOT teach, especially lab.I end up khan academy or MIT open course-ware-ing most of my classes.In particular, CHM 151LL and 152 LL Dr. Indu Mishra will take off points for no reason even for a perfect lab report.Inconsistency in grading, students with less accurate data end up with higher grades on the lab reports.Run the other way while you can
3	The people in Financial aid office don't care. I apply for fafsa 3 months before classes week before school starts i get dropped from my classes. The woman told me to put money down to keep my classes and next time take more responsibility and don't till the last min. Also they didn't give me my full refund from my grant but I was told that also my fault.
4	I just started my classes here and rather enjoy this campus and location. It is much cosier than the layout of GCC and a closer building layout. I enjoy my classes here and would recommend this school to others.
5	This is a find.  I'm a UCLA grad and completely impressed with how much the teachers care for the students at PVCC. Honestly everything about this place has made me smile. I had the extreme privilege of being in two of Dr. Lois Roma-Deeley's Creative Writing classes. She was the teacher of the year--any community college, any subject in the nation awarded by the Carnegie foundation last year. And she teaches here. Thanks PVCC and Dr. Lois, particularly.
5	Attending PVCC was the best decision I made coming out of High School. Not knowing what I wanted to major in, going to PVCC gave me the time to explore my options and find something I am passionate about at a very affordable price. The teachers here are absolutely amazing, they have all helped me succeed academically and the staff is all very friendly. The relationships I have made here at PVCC will last a life time and I am so glad that I have a little community to come to on campus. There are many opportunities to get involved and create change not only at school, but also in the community. I would recommend anyone to come to PVCC, the education level is amazing and the people really make going to school enjoyable.
5	I'll be honest, I was skeptical about attending paradise valley community college at first. I transferred from a four years university to PVCC due to financial issues but upon arriving to this campus, I was treated very kindly. The staff are knowledgable and kind. After attending it for a semester, I fell in love with it. This school really does have high standards and expectations. I have enjoyed the education that I have been receiving here so far. The prices set for the credits are extremely reasonable and affordable. The bookstore is managed very well- the bookstore staff are very knowledgable and friendly. My only complaint is please work on your advising department. Very few of the advisors are trained, knowledgable and reliable while others aren't....
1	I went and visited with the school advisors twice and met with the VA staff 3 times before classes started to make sure that I had the correct classes and that I would be able to be fully covered by the GI Bill.  Two days ago I get a call asking me to come into the VA office, I do and am told the classes I have do not fit the program I am signed up for so I will only get partial coverage.  I explain that I have been here multiple times and been told multiple times that i am fine and set.  They make excuses and tell me I can pay for the classes or change schools in two days (over this weekend) and I might be able to get full coverage.  WORST EXPERIENCE EVER AT A SCHOOL.
1	Went down to PVCC again today because when I was there last and filled out the paperwork to drop my classes they did not drop me.  They instead sent notice to GI BILL that I had enrolled.  So they have again wasted my time by forcing me to take the time to go back IN PERSON (yelp people that counts as direct contact).  I am also now as a direct result of this direct contact event with PVCC going to have to spend more of my time fixing the issues their complete lack of professionalism and lack of ability to do their jobs properly and efficiently has caused me.
