3	Had classic sweet crepe and the polish tea (which is  black tea with honey and lemon piece) there. Not much seats in there, looks like about 4 or 5 table. Good place for drop by and have some drinks.
4	Now, this is my type of place. Edinburgh... you are getting to look all the same. The 'inspired British food' (cough) is no longer cutting it and every new bar that opens up looks a lot like the last new bar that opened up. Yellow Bench doesn't. They have promised that there is, indeed, a Yellow Bench to be on display at some point... Where else can I get an authentic Polish meal where you know the recipes come from a homemade Polish Mom kitchen. There were amazing weird little salads and perogies and delicious potato pancakes and I was just happy as a clam. The best part is... it's not horribly expensive, it feels homey and the food is not 'constructed' it's a MEAL. It's made with love and fresh ingredients and if the waitress had shouted into the back to ask if they had a replacement ingredient... the chef would have come out and given us a random selection of whatever they had because it's small, and it's quaint and it's Polish-ish still. Yelp. Sometimes, not often, but sometimes, you fuck places up. Do not ruin this place for me. I will murder you in your sleep (that is a mock threat Yelp Legal Team). see here: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QEdXhH97Z7EThis place is adorable and home-like and friendly and delicious and I love it and I want to bring everyone I like here and no one I don't like.
3	A lovely place with a lovely food. Staff very friendly and they have "slow food" sticker on the window! Interesting paintings on the walls and they are looking to turn downstairs into another room which is great. The only thing I didn't like was a size of their tables, too big for the place and made it look weird. Will be back for more and to see how are they doing. I really hope they will grow bigger and make the space more friendly. And I think it is the only place serves crepes on Leith Walk!! Should expect great things from them. Watch this space :-)
5	Now here's a pleasant surprise! Following the check-in of a regular Yelper I came across this place... thanks again Sara!Disclaimer: I love Eastern European and Russian food.Now that we've got that out of the way, I'll also say it's not everyone's thing... you won't necessarily get the complexity or presentation as you would from, say, a French restaurant, but after a night out or on a cold day you just can't beat this type of food for me and whether it be Asian, Eastern European, or American, fatty has never said no to any type of dumpling... NOM!The gentlemen that served us was super nice and made us feel at home... I'm not sure if there hours are different, but us and several others were in far past the closing hours on Yelp for our particular evening and there wasn't even the slightest hint of "please hurry"... quite literally the opposite!If you're familiar with this type of food then just head on down, the dumplings (pierogi) were top notch and everything else we sampled was spot on as well (traditional bigos, borscht, mix of salads) ... I honestly can't wait to get back at some point. We even made room for one of the waffles, which was also great and a good way to close out the meal.The place itself isn't too large, but suitable... at the moment there was work going on the building on the outside so it was a bit hard to actually see the place initially, but hopefully when it's done it will stand out a bit and be easier to spot. My only gripe is that no cards are accepted, but the food's too good to let that stand in the way... they also don't serve beer or alcohol, but while a slight inconvenience it really does save you money in the end and they let you keep a few in their fridge while you work through your meal. If this isn't you're type of food then I doubt this place will convert you, but if you're generally a fan or haven't tried it yet and are looking for a different type of comfort food then do yourself a favour and give these guys a chance... it's five stars for me, no doubt, but I can see four for many others... I won't hold it against them. :)
4	Yellow Bench has a Yellow Bench outside. It does when it's open. For this reason, I marched straight past it when it wasn't quite open yet and realised too late that I had gone too far, and so from being slightly early to meet Sara C I went to being slightly late. But no matter. The bench was there when I returned and bears the charming legend "BY SITTING ON THIS BENCH I AM OPEN TO CONVERSATION WITH A COMPLETE STRANGER". (There's one of these outside Zupa too). One weekend when I have a free moment I intend to go and sit on that bench.But anyway.Yellow Bench is a sweet and small establishment on Leith Walk with a splendid line in Polish food. They've got a crepe-related check-in deal of which I totally need to take advantage sometime, since they also have a mighty fine crepe menu and I am a sucker for those flipping flippies. On this particular occasion, however, I had veggie golabki, a beautiful and flavoursome medley of vegetarian yummies and rice all stuffed into a cabbage leaf container, kind of like a floppy green burrito covered in yummy sauce. This was my first taste of Polish food and I confess I might be converted.  It was dee-LISH.So, Yellow Bench, you are yet another lovely thing that I have found in my new neighbourhood (hat tip to Sara C) and I am very happy to be living near you, thank you.
