4	We finally got a Jimmy John's and I had heard so much about it being great.  We tried two different sandwiches (the No 9 Italian Night Club on their great french roll and the No 12 Beach Club on  thick sliced 7 grain bread).  Great quality product, great bread, very competitive pricing.  It is a little noisy with the music and hard surfaces in this location thou.  They are a brand new location so that will probably change (hope) over time.
5	Great service and friendly staff!
4	Super fast service with a great friendly staff. We usually order online and pick it up here, and they blow chipotle out of the water in online order timing and accuracy. They have plenty of options and their food is always fresh. I have never sat in, but this is a good option for the Goodyear crowd that needs a fast meal.
3	I don't think they are the best sub shop but certainly the fastest. Food is good.
4	Didn't feel like making dinner tonight (03/10/13), so we decided to try Jimmy Johns. We ordered online and drove from our home (Luke AFB) to JJ, which took us 15min and our order was ready for pick up. I walked in and the staff was more than helpful. I ordered the Beach Club #12, Country Club #11 and the Slim 4. The sandwiches were on point and the Jalapeno Chips were just right. I would definitely order from there again. It was clean and very inviting. If you want a quick and simple sub, this is your place.
1	So little for so much.  My daughter and I kept asking ourselves what we had just spend so much money on??  Our roast beef sandwich had almost no meat, and with only one cheese option (which was extra) and few choices in toppings there was not a lot to eat except bread and lettuce.   And where the heck are the napkins?  They have all these signs saying how great they are, but the food falls way short of the price and the hype.   I would much rather get a sandwich at sprouts!!
4	I love JJ definitely my choice over other chain sub shops, employees are pretty friendly and service is fast. Wish they delivered by our place! Only complaint is that is you want peppers on your sub you have to pay extra and there isn't much on the subs already so I think that's unnessary. Other than that two thumbs up.
3	Umm their bread is good! Their peppers tasted like salt and the rest of the sandwich was eh but don't hold me to this I was kinda sick.
5	I love their subs! They always make them really fast and the prices aren't too bad. I also like that they have cherry peppers. Most sub places don't have them.
4	Great subs,affordable price and good service.My only complaint would be the night club like volume of the music-difficult to place your order!
3	Good Sandwiches... Good Prices  I stop at Jimmy Johns  occasionaly for lunch or dinner. Jimmy John's convenient location & excellent service keeps me coming back. The food at Jimmy Johns is fresh, the service is fast,  and the prices are great.I have to admit I like Jimmy Johns.  The restaurant are always clean every time I visit, which is really important. One of the things I like best about Jimmy John's is that they  slice their own meat and bake their own bread; now that is what I call freshness. The atmosphere at Jimmy John's is great, the signs on the walls are very funny.  The subs are super filling and they only cost $4.50.  If you're looking for a great tasting sub, then this is the place to go!
5	Trying to find something to eat on way to the  Camelback Stadium and searched Yelp. The place was bright and clean. Staff extraordinarily friendly. I'm on the no carb diet and when I walked in and looked up and saw sandwiches and more sandwiches I was concerned. However the clerk offered me a no carb/protein alternative sandwich and I jumped on it. I selected the Italian. It was one of the best freshest sandwiches I had in a long time. In the future I will be searching out Jimmys when I can.
3	First, I have to admit I have not been to the Jimmy Johns in Goodyear yet... but I will soon. But it's a chain, and I've been to several and have not found any disparity. If you like subs, you'll probably like JJ's. The bread is what makes their sandwiches so good, IMO. They also don't scrimp on the meat, you don't end up with a pile of lettuce as the main ingredient. For me it's hit or miss on some of the menu items, but I always know I can get a good sandwich for a decent price, and FAST service, at Jimmy Johns.
