4	Had been to NoRTH's sister restaurant "Sauce" a few times, figured I'd make the step up to the classier version. Made reservations and were seated within 5 minutes of arriving. Servers brought out an adorable olive tray with green and kalmata olives. Our server (Dominic?) was extremely attentive and knowledgable when I asked about the wines and my date inquired about the beer, and his timing was good. They offer wine by the standard glass and bottle, but they also offer by a glass-and-a-half. This was a perfect pour.We skipped appetizers and I ordered the pasta bolognese while my boyfriend opted for the chicken parmigiana. After we ordered, we were brought bread and a roasted tomato butter. This was very tasty. My bolognese arrived with giant shells as the pasta, with large shavings of parmesan on top. It was delicous, with the exception of having fennel in it (which is just a personal preference!). I ate almost all of it. Sadly, we found the chicken parm to be a little bland. To end the evening we ordered the "nutella mousse cake" which sounded amazing but was also a bit disappointing. We ate about half of it and when our waiter asked how it was and our response was mediocre, he insisted on comping the dish even though we had eaten half of it. This got big points in my book. He said "if you don't absolutely love it, I can't charge you for it". Our bill for two after a good tip for the waiter was about $70.Overall, I recommend NoRTH.  the only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because the parm was a little bland and it was a bit pricey. If you are looking for a nice evening out (and are ready to spend a bit) it is appropriate, but for pasta or pizza, go to "Sauce".
3	Lunch. Decided to go light, to blend with the fine day outside. Began with the zucca chips with "yum!" in parentheses... they are quite snack-worthy, so be mindful if with others. You don't want to hoard these lightly salted, thinly sliced nibblets. Zucca chips were followed by an also thin, crispy crust pizza decorated with fig, goat cheese, and prosciutto. The sweet figs mingled with the pungency of the goat cheese just fine. Prosciutto was sparse though. This light lunch was accompanied by a svelte serving of Fragola, summed up with a trio of cappucino, chocolate, and vanilla gelato, and    cup of coffee, which I am afraid did not seep through my pores... but whatever.Overall, not bad. I still have some left over pizza, so I'm good.
4	I have almost eaten every item on the menu now.  Overall North is a great value for what you spend, especially at lunch.  For the city of Glendale this is the place to eat.  In general I find that they always cook their meats near perfectly.  The pork tenderloin in particular is always exceptional.   The salads and appetizers are outstanding.  They are light and simple yet very tasty.  If there's one thing that they struggle with it's pizza.   Pizza is always going to be a bit of a crap shoot, but really they should be more consistent then they are.  They have excellent flavors, but often it seems like you get shorted there, mostly because the crust is so bad.  It tends to bubble or be burnt, etc.  Don't be mistaken, it's a great pizza, it's just not always a consistent product.  Stick to their meats and you'll come away with a great experience.
4	North is one of our favorite restaurants. The Zucca chips are the best. I have never tried anything that even come close to the yummieness of these. They are flash fried zucchini, shaved razor thin. You can eat a whole bowl and not get full. The wine here is always good. The risotto is really close to "moms".  We have always have gotten really lucky and received a secluded table in the back, they are more romantic.  The dessert is pretty standard, not bad, just not spectacular.
4	Its getting to be that time of year when you LOVE living in the Valley...because you can dine outside and enjoy the fabulous weather! Well, even though it was still a bit warm, me and my fiance and friend had dinner outside at NORTH on Saturday and had a good experience. First of all, I love the coolness of the inside restaurant...the chairs are white and the tables are set perfectly with big wine glasses. The look just exhudes a classy experience, without being to froo-froo. We dined on appetizers of Roasted Artichokes and Zucca Chips...which were so good! Its easy to inhale an entire bowl of those chips, with extra salt!. For dinner, I chose to be daring and try the dish called "Not Your Traditional Chicken Lasagna". It definitely was not typical at all. It was almost like a soup, but really tasty. They place a large egg noodle on the bottom of the bowl and then stack roasted chicken, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, on top, then another eggnoodle and then big thin shaved pieces of parmesean and surround it in a broth. Its so good. Hard to explain it past that, but its yummy. We had to have wine with dinner, can't remember the name, but it was a Zin.I will say this...the special that night was a fish dish and I am glad we didnt dine inside. I would have been sick, because the kitchen is open and the smell just permeated the inside area. Choose to sit outside anyway and enjoy the great fall weather if you are in Glendale!
4	Love this place!  Great atmosphere, great food.  I love their marinara sauce - so simple and so yummy!  Great drink selection with a full bar. If you go, you must get the Zucca chips which are addictive.  Service has always been awesome!
4	This is the restaurant that seperates Sam Fox from a restaurant design thief, and places him into a new category.  I loved the Kierland location for years, but the 67th ave locale has a mind, and a charm of its own.Highly rec you visit, the bartenders are cool, and the chopped chxn salad for lunch is still the best in the world....
1	The food was good, so why one star?  The ambiance was lacking, specifically the music was intrusive.  A very loud heavy beat going pound pound pound. It was like sitting next to a car with a loud stereo at a stop light.  Seemed very incongruous.I asked the waitress if it could be turned down, she replied cheerily "sure".  Then the manager came over and said it was all or nothing with the music.  I requested nothing and he said he couldn't  do that.  Appetisers were good, ordered a pasta dish Strozzapreti.  Made sure garlic was not included  in the ingredients on the menu.  I know what would one expect at an Italian restaurant, garlic is common and usually listed.  I have a reaction to garlic and avoid it.  You guessed the rest, the dish has a normal amount of garlic. Service was not terrible but far from memorable.  My biggest complaint is the loud music.I have to add the food was good, the experience disappointing.
5	I absolutely loved my experience at North. My boyfriend and I love a late dinner on the weekends and to our surprise we were one of the few couples dining in the restaurant around 8:45 on a Saturday night but I guess that's pretty typical for Glendale. Our server was one of the best I have had- thorough (but not too OCD), menu savvy, and friendly (but not in your face). We each started with a great glass of wine (that was "accidental" poured to a glass and a half) and split the spinach and goat cheese salad. I went with the ahi tuna for my meal and my boyfriend had the pork tenderloin. The tuna was SO good-cooked to perfection and served with "whatever green vegetable they had" which happen to be broccoli, spinach and green beans. Mmm! The tenderloin was served with mashed potatoes and some kind of tasty sauce. Both of our plates were empty at the end of dinner. The ambiance at North was wonderful but it worries me when a restaurant is so quiet on a Saturday night. I hope for their sake that business picks up. In the mean time, I know we will be return customers.
3	I went for lunch with Melissa after her recommendation and those of my fellow Yelpers.  You know, I don't know that I'm sold...the zucchini chips were just okay to me and I thought their menu was somewhat limited actually.  As from previous lessons-a restaurant with mediocre food is a mediocre restaurant.  I almost feel bad giving it three stars as our waiter was just great but I don't even remember what I ordered and that equals forgettable food.
4	NoRTH is always hit or miss with me, but the one on 67th is consistently good.  We went with a group of five and were treated great with excellent food to compliment our awesome server.We split a bottle of Pino Noir, an artichoke app and a calamari app.  I had a pork tenderloin with Italian potatoes and asparagus for my meal and it was wonderful, absolutely wonderful.  Three people at the table each ordered a pizza and the chef screwed up one of them.  They brought her out the peperoni & onion pizza, boxed it, and promptly brought out the correct sausage & onion pizza.  To compensate us for the order, the waitress even offered us free dessert to take home.  Despite being one of the only tables in the place, we enjoyed the atmosphere on a late Sunday night and we really enjoyed the wonderful service.
3	North just doesn't do it for me.  I really want to like it, and the two times I have been I have been excited about what I ordered, but in the end it just always falls flat for me.  This last time we went as a group of 5 at around 8 or so on a Sunday night.  The patio had a few scattered tables but the inside was empty and cavernous.  Obviously, we were promptly seated and our waitress came over and took drink orders.  The girl was fantastic, very sweet, and had a great sense of humor.  We ordered a calamari appetizer, an artichoke appetizer, and my dish was the "not your typical" chicken lasagna.  I tried some of the calamari but was really irritated that an otherwise crispy exterior is marred by being jumbled among dressing covered field greens.  The taste was good, but presentation was awful.  I didn't try artichoke because I don't like the stuff.  My lasagna dish sounded really good, a deconstructed cheeseless lasagna that consisted of the flat sheet noodles, copious amounts of spinach, a few too many leeks, a teaspoon or so of shredded chicken, a sprinkling of mushrooms, mounds of tomatoes all covered in a super slippery broth like sauce.  This dish is a fail.  It is way too messy to eat and the flavors just don't really work together.  Way too much going on.  I will stick to "typical" stuff from now on.A mistake was made along the way, where an incorrect pizza was made, but it was remedied within minutes and a free dessert was given.  I appreciate when businesses make up for their shortcomings.  I had the nutella moussecake and man oh man was it good.  I have to learn to replicate it.  The strawberries do not make an appropriate garnish though.Overall, I had a nice experience here, but I think that can be attributed to the company more than anything else.  NoRTH won't ever be my first dining choice, but it wouldn't be my last either.
3	Zucca chips are a necessary part of my visits here, so thin & crispy and I love anything oily or fried.  Clean, contemporary, upscale atmosphere at this Arrowhead location, but the prices aren't too bad (though still a little pricey).  Service is usually good if it's not too busy, and there's often a nice spot at the bar during lunch hour if you're dining solo.
3	Wow.  It took me a year, but I finally made it to North.  Now, to be honest, it was a business meeting that got me here.  That means I didn't actually pay for anything and as we all know, free food tastes better.  With that disclaimer, I did really enjoy it.North is a pretty hip looking place.  The tiny "how can they possibly be comfortable" couches in the foyer just scream out how fancy this place wants to appear.  It works though.  The bar is big and inviting and the whole place feel pretty spacious.  But seriously, you're reading this for the food, right?The yucca chips are (as it says on the menu) "yum!"  Highly recommended as an appetizer.  I passed on the salad because I'd already been stuffed by other appetizers, but I regretted that the second one of my table-mates got his.  I suspect that it would taste just as good as it looked.  The entrees all around looked quite good.  My pasta bolognese was good, even if no one part of it stood out as such.  The duck, which I had toyed with getting, looked like it might have been the best dish on the table.
4	Great place. Good is almost always wonderful and portions are nit overly large but just right. Zuccini chips are a must have appitizer. Cuts of steak are very nice and tender. Pizzas are thin crust and tasty. Pasta dishes are simple but tasty. Great staff.
4	This is one of our favorite places to go, mostly for the custard desert that they offer. The dishes are very inspirational, you can tell there is a chef that is creating the combination of ingredients that inspires one to go home and attempt to be creative/artistic. The Salmon is very good with a side of squash. This dish is repeated often and we are always tempted to try a new dish or a special. The service is very professional and on top of our needs. Just be warned, you will think you are in Scottsdale with the trendy atmosphere and the high end dishes, the bill will remind you that you are not in Scottsdale though.
5	Well what can I say about this place?  The restaurant is located in an upscale commercial complex with boutiques and an AJ's in the middle of Arrowhead Ranch.  Definitely doesn't have the boring suburban feel which you get along Bell Road only a mile away.  The inside has exposed brick on the walls with sleek looking seating.  Each food item comes out looking like a self made creation from the chef.  I have to say the Marguerite pizza is one of my favorites.  Having a crispy crust and savory flavors that make my mouth want to eat more, more, and more.  But I don't need to eat more because I fill my mouth with a good wine.  I had  a Dutton Estate Chardonnay(I think) which was half off on this day which kept me happy.  This place did not fail me.So will I be back?  Umm that's a yes!
1	I kind of feel bad giving this place only 1 star but I've given them many chances and 1 star is what they deserve. The food is overall pretty good. Whoever the chef is, bravo. It's worlds better than the typical Italian slop in this area. However, the variety and selection are lacking. As for the service, if there were stars that went the other way, I would give it a -5. I've been here three times and have never had good service. As a matter of fact, the last time I was there we had to walk out leaving a big fat 0 on the tip line. I really hate doing that too but when you're ignored for 20 minutes when there's no one else in the place you deserve it. This restaurant is also wayyyyyy too stuck up for its own good. I roll my eyes just thinking about it. None of the times I've been there has there been a decent crowd either. Maybe that should tell you something.
5	Can I just say WOW! An upscale looking and trendy restaurant without the pretentious and price of one. I had almost lost all hope in finding a great restaurant in this side of the valley (Arrowhead), and NoRTH really swept me off my feet. The sangria is worth ordering; with the blend of raspberries, blueberries and blackberries- tastes just like juice! The warm + soft bread with their tomato dip is addicting, I couldn't stop eating it even after they brought out the roasted artichoke as our appetizer. Our dishes were delicious- the moist salmon was cooked perfectly atop a bed of roasted squash and spinach in a light creamy sauce, while my friend's baked ziti bolognese looked just as good as it tasted. We topped off the night with the panna cotta, truly the cherry on top of a wondrous meal. If you're looking to impress your friends without breaking the bank or wasting gas driving to Scottsdale, I highly recommend NoRTH. Word on the street is their happy hour is pretty bomb, I will be back..
4	Great service, great ambiance, great food.  Can't get any better than this!  Four of us went  and each ordered different meals. We started with the sangria, which was a very pleasant surprise.  Not overly sweet and very flavorful.  The yucca chips melt in ones mouth.   The ahi tuna was wonderful, the apple cider pork tenderloin melted in the mouth, the scallops were cooked perfectly and my cavitalli w/italian sausage was great.  For dessert, we ordered the tiramisu and the chocolate hazelnut cake.  Both were delish and it was possibly the largest serving of tiramisu I have ever seen. Our server, Nick, was attentive and friendly without being overbearing.   The place was packed; I recommend reservations if you decide to go.You won't go wrong here.
5	Came once and had amazing pasta dish. It really was to die for. Alas I can't remember what it was so I guess I'll have to eat my way thru their menu til I find it.  It's a tough job but somebody has to so it
4	Went to NoRTH yesterday with friends for happy hour.  This place is great.  Half price drinks & appetizers. Their yucca chips are totally additive and the angus burger for $5 w/garlic fries is one of the best burgers around.  Our server, Ivan, was terrific.  Very attentive and funny.   All around a great place to hang out and enjoy good friends and good food.
4	Great happy hour.  We are old, and arrived early, and didn't stay past the end of happy hour, so I can't review NoRTH's dinner.4 people, 3 bottles of wine, 3 appetizers, 4 happy hours plates, and all less than $100.The food is a mix of dishes that are eerily familiar.  The chicken sandwich is very similar to the breakfast sandwich at Olive & Ivy.  The gorgonzola chicken salad is the same salad I've had before at Sauce.  Good dishes, its just strange eating them in a strip mall on the west side.Would it be worth the money after 6:30 pm, when bottles of wine are not half off?  Probably not, and NoRTH would have received a 3-star rating from me.
3	NoRTH seems to be just yet another overated Fox restaurant.  We went away somewhat disappointed after reading all the positive reviews from fellow Yelpers.  Here's my breakdown -1. Space - the restaurant has a somewhat cool vibe, but the space is too open.  There's nothing that really breaks the room up, so you just feel like you're in a big room of tables.  Not bad, just not super compelling.    2. Menu - pretty good set of options.  Seemed like a strong start here.3. Food - this is where things started to slip.  A good indication of the quality of an Italian restaurant is it's bread.  This wasn't the good stuff - it was the light tasteless unnoticeable bread that every medium Italian restaurant serves.  Ours was dry, maybe because it was later in the evening.  The food was all beautifully presented, but lacked great flavor.  I'm a big fan of burata but theirs was entirely flavorless.  Salads were overdrenched in dressing, though the ideas were good.  3. Service - our waitress seemed very well-intentioned and nice, but paid us very little attention.  Asked for olive oil with the bread instead of the standard butter - oops, missed this.  Asked if we wanted more appetizer olives - then forgot to bring them.  Seemed to approach the table at awkward times, but then was nowhere to be found when trying to pay.  Not super impressive.  Bottomline: This restaurant is kinda mediocre.  It's hard to really go beneath 3 stars, because it's nice and moderately well executed, but it's far from inspiring or even a solid recommend to friends.  Options might be few up here in North Glendale, which is the only reason I can think for why others rate it 4 stars.
1	So disappointed NoRTH closed.
