5	Finally! A GREAT barber shop. From the second I walked in the door I was sure I would be leaving with a good cut (the fact everyone else was made the worries disappear right off the bat!). The barber (Russell) was friendly and seemed to know just what I wanted without being told! The atmosphere was just what you would expect! TVs going with sports on... SWEET!! Several guys cutting hair equaled no/very little wait time. Definitely the best experience I have had in many years! Open 7 days a week is just another plus on top of the convenient location. Next visit will be a cut and a shave!
3	A nice little shop - a bit chatty, but no 'salon' and that's a very good thing - be careful which barber you get, they can be VERY inconsistent. Joe did best by me. No appointments - they get 'testy' if you call - you show up and wait, usually not long, and they offer the basic amenities - coffee, water, sports on TV. Decent haircut (usually) at a fair price.
5	IMHO: The best barber shop in town. Even though I shave my own head, I bring my boy here for his cuts. $17 for a standard cut + tip. You say that's pricey for a cut??? Keep in mind this is a real haircut, with a razor edge and hot towel after. The haircut lasts a good 15 minutes and the barber is a well experienced professional! No robo-cut from the 18 year old cosmetology grad here. It's the real deal. One of these days I'm going to go all out at Figaro's. On my lunch hour, I'm going to walk in, get a full head shave, with a hot towel and a shoe shine. Figaro's supports local law enforcement and first responders, which is evident from the police and fire department patches that adorn the wall. So if your "on the job" bring a patch in for the collection. Credit cards are accepted, but there's no place for a tip, so have a little cash ready for your barber. There's also coffee and cookies, along with a nice flat screen and reading selection. Remember, please support your local "mom & pop" shops and don't waste your time at the mega corporation salons, even if you a few bucks.
5	Been here a dozen times.  Never make an appointment - just walk in and take whoever is available.  Always a great haircut.  Today heard a guy walk in and say "Nobody in town gives a better haircut than you guys.". I agree.  Great barbershop!!
4	I am giving Figaro's 4.5 stars. Price is reasonable and quality is good. I usually try to have Sunny cut my hair. I keep a short fade every 2 weeks and so far I have left very pleased with the result. Very friendly staff and I have yet to see anyone walk out with a bad do.
5	As soon as I walked into the door, they were very welcoming and provided excellent customer service. The owner of the store was very friendly, charismatic, and honest. He also went out of his way to find me a master barber from his staff who could give me a Straight Razor shave. If you are a big fan of straight razor shaves like I am, you will love this place. The Barber's here are all master barbers who have been at it for years. In Las Vegas, getting a Straight shave is very expensive. Some places charge up to $70, and places like "Art of Shaving" claim to only charge you $55 but then they trick you by adding on things that you would assume are complementary with the shave and then bill you like $100 at the end. Here at "Figaro's" they charge you a flat price of $25 for an hour long Straight Shave and everything that comes with it is complementary.My favorite Barber here is Alex. I recommend this guy to all of my friends because he is a master of the razor. His precision and technique is flawless. They usually start you with 2-3 hot towels, preshave oil, hot lather and then followed by more hot towels and more preshave oil + lathers. It's a very relaxing experience. The barber follows all 13-14 steps of the straight shave, then comes more hot towels, more lather and then he shaves you for the 2nd time. He ends with a cold towel, moisturizers, and a facial massage. I can't believe all of this was only $25! I always leave a giant tip here.
5	As most yelpers already know from my previous reviews, my favorite form of relaxation therapy is the classic Straight Razor Shave. For about 2 months now, I have been debating about which barber shop provides the best Straight Shave in Las Vegas. I go to 2 different places in LV(Figaro's and Presidential), both are really good and both have excellent master barbers, but after the shave that I got from Alex again today, I gotta say that I can officially say that Figaro's provides the best Straight Shave. What makes Figaro's the best when it comes to the classic shave is that their shaves average around 40 min, and you get a complete royal-style shave for $25. Most other places would charge over $50 for the type of shave that Figaro practically gives as a freebie.Unlike other shaving joints in the area, Figaro's uses a pre-shave Lotion instead of a pre-shave oil.  The pre-shave lotion is very therapeutic and has a lot of advantages over the traditional oils. What I like is the menthol-like burning sensation the lotion has. Also, the lotion contains the traditional oils, so I can argue that it is even better. Figaro's is one of the places that use an extremely hot towel. I've been to 5-6 places around LV and only about 2 of them can get their towel extremely hot like that. Other places are just a little too concerned about customers who are overly sensitive to heat. I am not one of those people, and I prefer my towels to be extremely hot.The Shave:Well, the shave here begins with the application of the preshave lotion. They spend a couple of minutes massaging the lotion into your skin and between every single hair. This also exfoliates the dead skin which is stuck between the hair and helps the hair stand up. They then apply the hot lather by hand. I like places that apply the hot lather by hand because it controls where the lather goes. The traditional brush gets messy and you end up with lather in your nose and lips, so I much prefer the lather applied by hand. They then apply the hot towel for a couple of minutes before using the same towel to wipe off the lather and the exfoliated skin and dirt.  Then they apply more pre-shave lotion, another short facial massage and more hot lather. The shave itself is the quickest part of the experience. They use a classic Shavette that is extremely sharp and effective. Due to all the time spent on the pre-shave portion, the hair is already completely soft and easy to cut. The first shave goes with the growth of the hair, and is very quick.  They then apply even more pre-shave lotion, hot lather. Then they shave against the hair for an extra close shave. After that you get all types of moisturizers, lotions, aftershave and a cold towel is then used to close the pores. All of that is only $25.  I like Figaro's the best because everyone is friendly and the barbers are very skilled.  They treat you really good, they appreciate your business, and they charge less than other places. There isn't a bad barber here. All the barbers here have perfect technique. I've never been cut or nicked one time here. Some of my friends come here and get their hair cut from Russel and Suny, and they swear by them and won't go to anyone else.  Personally, I think every barber here is the best at their profession and that's why this place happens to be  the best.
4	I'm so happy that I found this place.  I can't believe that it was so close to my house.  It is a tiny shop that is not well advertised.  It cost a little more, but was totally worth it.  Basic cut was $17 plus tip.  Joe did my cut.  He did a great job.  It always feels like something is lacking in the world of men's hair cuts.  Either high end salons catering to women or low end chain stores.  Figaro's hit the spot.  Cool old chairs, hot towels, menthol gels, straight razors, sports on the television, etc.  I'll be back for sure!
5	5 Star Barbershop, and a total throwback place that does good work...mainly they made sure I dont look like a dumbass. straight razor, hot towel, and can give you the exact style you want.   Its hard to make my dumb head look good, but they manage to pull it off...Nice!
1	Came in for a haircut and shave. Was there when they opened and had no wait. I like it like that. I have had face shaved at other places and must say I would rather go back to those places. My haircut was nothing special. Actually have gotten better haircuts from the hackers at Great Clips. The face shave though was worse. Yes, he went through the motions with the hot towel and menthol rub, but I was not impressed with the shave. When it was all said and done $47.00 later, I went to my truck to get a good look at my face and beard. The beard looks good but my neck had literally 20 little cuts on it that had been,or were still bleeding!! Are you kidding me?! I have NEVER had such a $hitty shave. Lesson learned. I will not be back!
2	Came here with my husband, the wait was long,the prices where high and ther service was slow.
3	only let alex shave you. everyone else will cut you or razor burn the shit out of you. alex is a fucking artist.  everyone means well, but I have been 3 x. two times I got butchered. lady did me last time and I have had people asking me for 3 days what happened to my neck.
5	What a true bargain.  Friendly, great haircuts, hot towels.  Don't even THINK about going somewhere else... Great place to get a haircut.  Period.
5	My first experience here was a straight razor shave from Alex today. He did a great job. I highly recommend him!
1	Waited 45 minutes and still had no service. If you're a busy person, go to Great Clips across the street.
5	I just moved to Las Vegas and relied on the positive Yelp reviews to find a barber shop here. Figero's is a little out of the way for me but I thought I'd give it a try. I walked in today (Saturday morning) around 9:30 and I did not have to wait. I saw Denise, who was extremely professional. The barber shop is very clean with a very nice assortment of amenities including coffee, tea, water, and a few cookies and such. The hot face towel after the cut and neck shave was a very nice touch. I will definitely be returning and would recommend to anyone who likes a traditional barber cut.
5	Alex is by far, the best barber I've had since high school! Wish I would have found him sooner!
4	Nicely appointed place and I got a good haircut. The one thing not helpful was all the yelling back and forth between the barbers. Seemed to be inside jokes so there was raucous laughs too. What's with that? At first I thought maybe its some Las Vegas thing and they might break into opera singing anytime now. Well, they didn't and I was glad to get out, even if the haircut cost is too high. This was at closing time and maybe that had something to do with the noise.
4	Frequent this shop.  This shop is old school which I like very much.  Where else can you find a haircut with a razor finish, get a shave, and a shoeshine.  Service is quick but Saturdays can be a busy day.  Always seem to have at least four barbers working...often more.  Charlie can shine a shoe...any shoe.  Good service...good conversation...
5	yup, just what ive been looking for, a straight up real barber shop.  went in a little after opening on Saturday, no wait, gentleman offered me coffee then seated me in one of the chairs.  Hair cut the way I like it, fast and very well done, finishing off with a straight razor neck shave and a hot towel.  The place quickly filled up as I was getting my hair cut, so if don't want to wait I recommend going in right about opening.  total was 17+tip for a haircut
4	Consistently great haircuts with Henry, Sony, and Russell.  Hot towels after your haircut, razor trim felt great!  Good ole' fashion barber shop....they offer complimentary cookies, water, and hot coffee too!  Saturday's and Sunday's can be pretty crazy, so get your haircut done during the week if you don't want to wait that long.
5	Exactly what getting a haircut should be like. If you're looking for someplace you can count on (unlike ALL on the chain stores) to get a great haircut, this is your place. I been getting my haircut here for over five years now and I've always been more than happy with the results.
5	The best barber shop in LV!  Great service and atmosphere.  Russell and Danny do a great job - these are the only two barbers there I have experience with.
1	Stopped in for a straight razor shave on a business trip - a usual treat for me when I travel.  Price and atmosphere looked right, despite the long trip away from the strip.Walked in and sat with Danny right away. Prep and towels were great.  Not sure the brands, but the oil and creams that he used seemed of quality.Then the shave started.  His touch was not light, and he used long heavy strokes and  dragged against the grain along the base of my neck.  He did two passes with a towel in between, but that wasn't enough to overcome the roughness of the shave.To top it off, he drew blood on my chin in numerous spots.  I didn't know this until he applied the styptic pencil, which stung like crazy, otherwise I may have just stopped the shave there.  I had razor burn for a couple days after the shave, and my face was uncomfortable for the rest of that night.The other barbers may do a great job, but holy cow...this one was bad.
4	Great old school barber shop. This is the place to go for the true manly barber shop experience. Great haircuts...hot towels...straight razors! Your testosterone increases just walking through the door.  Be prepared to wait during peak hours. Very busy on weekends. The haircut will also set you back $20 including the tip. I would have given it 5 stars even with the wait...if the price was a little more competitive.
1	I have been a customer of Figaro's for over 5 years and If you go see Russell you will have the best haircut and experience ever! The wait time though is absolutely ridiculous, Russell has lots of returning customers. My experience the other day changed everything though, I did not want to wait all day to get my two boys and myself a cut so Russell recommended another barber. Well let's put it this way, I think I could have got a better cut at Great Clips. When I tried to call Russell and tell him over the phone that I was not satisfied and wanted him to fix it with payment, the barber Mike could care less about any customer service whatsoever. Mike started to raise his voice and act like a complete idiot yelling across the shop saying its "so and so" to see if Russell would answer the phone, the call got heated and I drove down there to express my anger. I will not return to this place until Mike is gone. Paying $65 for my two boys and myself I would think I deserve some sort of courtesy and customer satisfaction. Russell and the shop deserve 5 stars for great customer service while providing complimentary refreshments but mike deserves nothing.
5	Old school feel, old school attention and service. All the barbers are highly skilled and listen to what you need. I recommend Russell though you may be waiting a bit because he's also highly requested on the wait list. But he's worth the wait. You not only get good customer service but you get a great cut including hot towel service. I did it was old school. It's so old school you can get your shoes shined the old school way by Charlie while you get your cut. You can complimentary coffee, water, and cookies. They have flat screens throughout for your sports viewing pleasure. -DJ
4	After having such a bad experience at another shop just over the bridge (fade kingz) because they made me wait an hour and fifteen minutes and I ended up leaving because I never got my cut, this place, figaros, deserves a stellar review.  Walked in here the next morning hoping for a good sign that this would be my next go to barbershop and...BAM!  Barber John stood up, cordially greeted and welcomed me into the shop whilst giving a firm and manly handshake. The vibe he gave off was definitely professional.  Walked me to his operating station wherein he carefully listened to my instructions for a bald fade fauxhawk.  His reassuring nod indicted that he fully understood where this was going. He then asked three brief questions just to make sure he was clear on everything I wanted.  Thereafter he enumerated each and every step of the way just so I knew what to expect. Then he proceeded with the cut.Turns out this guy is a 4th generation barber from my hometown NY! And most interestingly, he makes his own tonic from a recipe handed down from previous generations. The procedure finished gracefully with a smooth shave a nice hot towel and some nice styling.  I was very satisfied with my cut, just like how I used to get it back home in NY. I definitely recommend this place most specifically, John for your next cut. With his professionalism (guy wears a tie to work) and his experience and knowledge, you will not be disappointed.
3	It's hard to find a good place for a haircut. This place is pretty good. I have gotten hiarcuts from a bunch of the different barbers there. Good quality, no frills, at a good price. The only thing I hate about this place is most of the barbers here turn you around, away from the mirror when cutting your hair. This is the ONLY place I have sen do this. WTF? The mirror is there so I can see what you are doing, and not fucking up my hair!Supposedly, they do this because it's easier to cut hair that way. Really annoying. I wish they would focus on the customer, and not their own convenience. Aside from that, the haircuts are decent.
5	I'm back at figaros come see me and I'll take care of you like I always have same days and hours hope to see you soon thank you.
1	Absolutely terrible. If I could give them no stars I would. I went in to their shop the other day for a goatee trim and a shave before my graduation ceremony. I had never been there before and I figured they were so close to my house I would give them a shot. Everything was going good at first. The barber was trimming and resizing my goatee and then trimmed up my side burns and neck line. When the barber turned me around the barber had taken off a good amount of my mustache. It was so bad that I had to go home and shave the entire thing. The barber had the nerve to ask me if is till wanted a shave!! If I can't trust them with clippers I sure as heck wasn't trusting them with a straight blade!!! Then they had the nerve to try and charge me for the trim. Worst experience ever. I will never return to Figaro and I would suggest you don't go either.
5	Wow what a great experience. Not only did I get greeted as I entered but everyone was very friendly. Joe gave me a spectacular haircut and trimmed my beard down to a goatee. I couldn't be happier. Figaros is the place to go for service, conversation, and a great haircut.
2	Okay so went here based on a long well written four star review and come to find out it sucked. Well to be more specific I got a hot towel shave and a hair cut. The hair cut was very good hence two stars not one. however, the hot towel shave was HORRIBLE!. Russell was my barber and he had no clue how to do a shave. I just had a two day stubble kicking and he used an electric razor first.then he used a different electric shaver to get it even closer. The hot towel was on my face for under two minutes. It felt like my hair was being ripped out slowly as he shaved. he said he couldn't do all my neck because it would leave razor bumps. After he finished he didn't put anything on and my face was on FIRE!. He also had to do touch-ups with the electric razor again. What a waste of time and money. I get hot towel shaves usually once a week and this was by far the worst. I live in NY  and am used to much better and longer pre-shave treatment. Before anyone says "well of course, you live in NYC", I live in rural upstate NY so should be better here. I lived here for six years and just moved this year....luckily my hair looked good so give him props there. Captain D
5	Thanks for the great haircut Henry!
3	Back again and looks like the characters have left for greener pastures. For $17 plus $3.00 tip, you'd think the barbers would at least pretend that it's worth it. Maybe leave hot towel on for more than fifteen seconds and give a head massage. If it means paying more, suggest what would be good for to customer
1	Changing my review based on some changes that have been taking place here.  All of the good barbers are gone (except Russell).  Seems like they all left around the same time.  Tells me something is up with management.  The barbers care less about giving a good haircut and more about socializing with each other and playing games when they have a customer in their chairs.  We will not be returning.  Get your act together.  Be professional!  Where oh where is Vanessa?!?
5	It was our first time here, and after having to wait forever elsewhere, we got right in within minutes. Awesome atmosphere, and it's very neat and clean inside.  Highly recommended. Best place in town. NY style too!! Danny was my son's Barber , and was top notch!!
5	I went too a couple of other places, they rush you in and rush you out. Went to Figaro's a week after they open, they took they time, no rush, even when they are busy. They take they time.
5	On of the best barber shops around town. Russell always does an excellent job. Walk ins are always welcomed. I will always return to figaros because of Russell
5	Denise is happily back at figaros barber shop. Come by and get a great haircut.
