3	BLUF: You get what you pay for.  Excessive Chip Repair = Excessive Orange PeelTook my car here to get a paint job.  I had no significant body damage other than minor chips in the paint.  I did have significant oxidation to the hood and the roof.  I was painting the car the same factory stock color.The positive: The cars paint job is a vast improvement to what was on the car prior to the paint job.  The negative: Massive Orange Peel all over the car!  The excessive chip repair I paid for only covered most chips according to the informative panel on the wall of the shop which they were happy to show me after I showed them the remaining "excessive" chips.  In fact, I'm convinced that the excessive chip repair is done by fixing the big chips, and the smaller chips are fixed by spraying on the paint on thick which causes for excessive orange peel which help to hide the chips.  Since I didn't pay for the "deluxe package", I'm stuck with the orange peel paint job.  They took off the emblems and didn't put them back on.  I asked the manager if they kept them, he said they were in the glove box.  I should have checked it before I left, but I didn't.  I came home, checked and of course they were nowhere to be found.  Contacted the manager multiple times and they have yet to locate them.  They also pained over my plastic air dam at the front of the car, which was black, but now matches the car color.  I understand that when I go to Maaco I can't expect the greatest quality.   But I feel like they didn't care about me or my car to do a thorough job to where I would feel I got my money's worth.  These guys need to know that it's the attention to detail that really impresses people enough to recommend their business to others.  Unfortunately, I cannot.  The car's badges are going to cost almost $200 to replace if they don't find them.  If they find them or replace them, I'll up my rating to 3 stars.Update:  They found them.  I had to show up so that they would take me seriously.  So I'm upping it to 3 stars.
5	We dropped off our 1999 Soccer Mom's van off at Macco on Thursday morning.  Told them we just want the paint to be back to factory looks and did not want to spend a ton of money on it.Bob, the owner gave us a price of $400 plus tax and we told him to get it done. He told us come back Saturday morning to get our Van.Saturday morning we call and the Van is ready.  Spent a good 30 minutes going over it and it looked just like the day we bought it.  No problems at all.  They did what we asked at the price quoted in the time frame given to us.  Could not ask for anymore then that.We have an old pick up truck and are planning on letting them paint it also.You don't get custom paint and prep for that low of a price but if you just want it to look good and don't want to spend anymore on it then this is the way to do it.
5	My 1994 Dodge Caravan was becoming an embarrassement to drive since the original paint was pretty much trashed.  I took it to Maaco for an estimate and can honestly say this was the first time someone talked me out of doing more work and putting more money into the van than necessary.  The owner/estimator, Bob, took the time to explain why he didn't feel I needed to spend the extra money on a more expensive paint package and showed me the special he had going.  Like he explained, my van was almost 19 years old.  I went with the special paint package they had going plus added some pin stripping and a new tail light.  Truthfully, I wasn't expecting much when I picked it up and kept saying, "It's gotta be better than it was." I was truly shocked when I picked up my van and my mouth literally dropped open. IT  IS ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL !! What a pleasure to drive a car I'm no longer embarrassed to be seen in.  Thanks Bob!
5	Went to have my car painted and repaired because of oxidation and some body damage. While getting the estimate I just inquired about a total color change. Much to my surprise it was only $350 extra for the complete color change package. Got the body work done and the color change I wanted all for a reasonable price. They did an outstanding job. I would definitely recommend them to anyone.
