5	Ok, this place rocks. I don't have horses, and I don't' know why there's feed and horse supply store in the middle of downtown Tempe, but if you have dogs or cats, get your food here!they feature pet foods that don't have fillers like corn, or bad ingredients for your pups like soy. i get 50 lb. bags of quality dog food for $15! It's not a pretty package like Iams or whatever, but it's good for them and the workers will gladly tell you why. You can also get vaccines for your pets, instead of paying for a $50 vet visit along with the cost of the shot, just buy it yourself and do it yourself, the workers will explain that to you to.and, if you're a 110 girl buying a bag of dog food that's half your weight, they'll take it out to the car and put it in your trunk for you : )
5	I used to feed my 2 dogs the super ultra holistic expensive fruit and veggie mix dog food that I bought at Petsmart.  That is, until I found out it is made by Menu Foods who enjoys poisoning people's pets with toxic gluten!  I did my research and found a brand made in the US with only US ingredients and human grade meats.  I remembered Lauren's review on here and went to the Tempe Feed and Tack and sure enough they had the food and the nice lady that worked there confirmed for us that we were buying some of the best food we could for our pups.  Sure she was trying to make a buck for the store, but they obviously care about animals because she told me they don't stock anything but the premium dog foods, NONE of which contain gluten.The place is small but neat and tidy.  They have a lot of horse related items but also have a small selection of dog toys and treats.  They have the coveted bully sticks that my dogs adore, so my dogs approve of me shopping here.  Unfortunately for them I bought the 30lb bag of food so I won't need to go back to the store anytime soon.
3	Upon the rave reviews, I went to buy food for my old black cat.  Their cat food and supplies aren't as plentiful as their dog and horse stuff.  Service was ok; the young man who helped me just sorta pointed to the one and only bag of food that was for "mature cats."Nevertheless, I always prefer supporting local businesses than the faceless corporate boxstores, so I'll buy more of the reasonably priced premium cat food here when Hopey gobbles up her 8 lbs of food.
4	I've bought food for my 2 cats here.  A small place with nice people.  They have nice people there, and they'll take the big bag or package of cans of food out to your car.  They have good selection on better pet food (grain-free Innova Evo, etc.), dry and canned.  I also bought a powdered vitamin supplement for animals.  I'm giving them 4 stars because they don't have any of the frozen raw foods.  Because of that, I'm going to Sunflower Pet Supply now, which is closer to my house (Tempe Feed & Tack was close to my workplace).  Not sure about cat litter, but I don't remember seeing cat or dog carriers.  Don't quote me on that one - just call first.
4	I'd give Tempe Feed & Tack five stars for their decent selection of dog food and about 3 for horse stuff.  For the pups, they carry Wellness Fish and Sweet Potato formula; a somewhat hard to find formula that our New Orleans rescue needs for his sensitive stomach.  The staff always helps me carry out the bags, which is nice improvement over big box pet store service.  All in all, a nice basic shop for the dogs.For horses, they carry mostly western, trail oriented supplies.  They seem to have a decent supply of supplements and feed.  You might be able to pick up a few things in a pinch, but I'd suggest going to a tack shop for any kind of tack.
5	I recently adopted a precious cat. I went to Tempe Feed and Tack because of the reviews I read here. At first I thought their prices would be beat by local pet stores. However I found instead that many of the high quality products they keep on hand cannot be purchased at chain pet stores and online they are at a greater cost. In addition to this, they gave me good advice and were super friendly. I will definitely be giving them more of my business.
5	After doing a little research I decided to stop feeding my dogs the filler-laden commercial dog foods conventionally found at grocery stores and the like. After deciding on a new food I followed a link from the manufacturers website to Tempe Feed & Tack. The gentlemen who helped me was a wealth of knowledge regarding my pets' diet. I enjoyed the fact that it was a smaller store because unlike my several visits to Petsmart, someone was there to help me as soon as I opened the door, took the time to get to know my pets and their needs, and carried all of the product out to my car for me. I was also pleasantly surprised to see their prices were more than competitive. Even though it's in Tempe (I live in Phoenix) I will definitely be back. It's well worth the extra few miles to get the personal service.
5	I used to live around the corner from Tempe Feed & Tack. I would see it on my way to Cheba Hut or school now and then, thinking, hmm... WHO shops THERE? Horse feed store in the middle of Tempe? Weird. Fast forward 1 year and I am the owner of a ridiculously adorable beagle puppy who is Hungry with a capital H! And I want her to have some good eats that don't consist of corn products and other allergenic fillers.So I hear that Tempe Feed & Tack has holistic dog products, imagine my surprise. I head on over to this mystery warehouse and to my delight they supply more than just horse-feed. I get high quality foods for my girl Clover, as well as helpful and much needed advice on raising a dog from the owner himself. Sounds like a win-win to me. I have loved shopping here and will be a customer for as long as I live in Arizona. I love that when I come in his sons are working in the shop and know just as much as their Dad about the business. Nothing better than a family run business who are dedicated to quality and the community.
5	I really like this place.  Art(hur), the owner, was incredibly helpful with information re: the new adoption of my pet and he stocks a variety of the better foods in the industry.  He was informative regarding the food, but most of all he wasn't stingy and was completely willing to give me treats to try with my pet.  It's small, which may be a turn off for some, but it's extremely nice not to have to walk to aisle 15 to lug 40 lbs of dog food back to the car and pet friendly.  Great place to get advice from other owners also.
5	folks who yelped this place prior to me couldn't be more on target:Arthur and his famz run a quality shop herethey're all very knowledgeable and friendlyesp. to me and my dog, as we own the same breed, boy did i get some brownie points for that one! lol i will never go to any other pet store, as i live a stones throw away and they have the BEST products you can buy. i encourage anyone who is a dog/horse owner to stop by you will not be disappointed!
5	This little place is so great. The owner really takes his time to explain and help. I had no idea about the nutrition in my dog's food and here is where I got my education.I had also been checking into prices for getting his teeth cleaned- YIKES! expensive. around $400-500! And they knock them out (the dog- not the teeth!). Arthur told us to try a raw knuckle bone. At fist the dog was weary of it- but he learned to love it and it scraped nearly all the plaque off of his teeth- for the low, low price of $4.99. Woo! I cannot thank them enough for assisting us in choosing healthy food and treats for our dog!
5	Fabulous store!!  My husband and I purchase all of our dog supplies from here, and we come back over and over again!  We love the high quality food they sell (no gluten, fillers, etc.), as well as the exceptional service.  They remember us very time we come in, and they are always excited to see our dog, Lucy.  We lived close to this store for a while and never knew they sold dog supplies, but after we've shopped here, believe me - we won't be going anywhere else!!
5	No Hay! Very nice guys there. They pointed me in the direction of Mesa Feed, even gave me the address.
5	A must!  One of the BEST dog food stores in the Valley!  Great service and quality, natural feed products for your dog.   You can rest at peace knowing that your pets are in GREAT hands.Mark Siebelhttp://www.doggiestepsdogtraining.com/
5	I love supporting locally owned businesses and this is the best local dog food store in Tempe. They stock some great natural feeds which are far better for dogs then most of the junk available commercially. I feed my dog half raw food and half kibble which I get at Tempe Feed and Tack. The staff are friendly and helpful! Thumbs up in my book!
5	Quality products at prices that are better or comparable to the big box stores.  The best things is that you are supporting a local company and not some huge chain.  The owners are knowledgeable and friendly.  If you have a cat, dog or horse, put your "loyality" cards away because at Tempe Feed, they remember their loyal customers by their faces.
5	This place is great!  I have a flock of chickens and they need food.  Tempe Feed and Tack is close to my house (of course! I live in tempe...) and the people are super helpful and friendly.  They always load up the 50lb bags of feed and I never have to wait.
5	I was distraught when Pets Inc got rid of their dog and cat food section. I figured was now being forced to go to the corporate mega chains that don't have any of the good food anyway...Alas, right down the block from my house was a place I had missed, Tempe Feed & Tack! I had always thought that they were just for horse stuff. Indeed, they are for horse stuff. As well as many different farm animals and pets. However they also have dog and cat food!They have some of the best foods on the market, Blue Buffalo, Innova...etc. They accept competitor's coupons and give case discounts. They even have VIP dog toys, which are super tough (not tough enough for my lab...but what is?).Excellent place to shop: small, local, and friendly!
5	I was referred to this place by a respectable dog trainer who is passionate about dog's health and happiness and i can certainly see why.  This is place is no frills and all business, but in a good way.  As soon as I walked in the owner Arthur was there to find out what questions I had, what needs needed to be met and how he could help me make an informed decision.  I was grateful.  I was in the market to choose a good natural all stages dog food and he was there will detailed information.  He was fully aware of the ingredients and the type of food my breed of dog needed.  In addition, he took the time to write down all the ingredients I should avoid in all foods and treats.  He also took the time to write down a plan to wean my dog off their old food and into the new one.  He also discussed the best way to store the food to avoid bacteria growth which would cause intestinal problems for my puppy.  He also went into details with me about Arizona water and it's effects on dogs kidneys and ways to help with it if I must give her tap water but highly suggested filtered or distilled water.  He also discussed chew toys and why it's important to give her hard toys to assist in behavioral issues and ways to keep her teeth cleaned and so much more.  This was all extremely helpful since she's my first puppy and needed to do things right for her from the start.  Bottom line, they have excellent customer service, a wide selection of food to choose from and great prices.  I'm very happy with my experience and will certainly be a loyal patron.
1	I want to thank Tempe Feed for giving me a difficult time in there store and asking me to leave. I was talking to co-workers and was told to try PET CLUB on McClintock, and being new to the area I had a plesant experiance there. All natural foods, and a big selection. I was surprised that Arthur didn't have Natalie C. get PUPPY food that has DHA in it for optimal nourishment for the brain for a smarter more trainable puppy, as explained to me at the Pet Club.
5	Originally came by to get a watering system for our chickens and ended up buying something for every member of our furry family! They have everything here for cats, dogs, small birds, rabbits, poultry, horses and more! The customer service was excellent, we were even given free samples for our chickens without even asking and were given informational sheets about some awesome products we ended up buying as well. Both of the people working were concerned with taking their time to help us, not about making a sale, and will even special order some products for us if ever needed. We don't feed our dogs dry food anymore (they now eat raw instead), but when we did, these are the premium/healthiest brands we were buying at a much higher cost at other retailers.The prices are low, the hours are convenient, the customer service was great, the products are healthy, and the selection was large for how small the shop is, what more could you ask for? Great first visit and we will definitely be coming back again!
5	Been coming here for years for my horse.  They don't have everything I need, and I sometimes have to visit a farrier farther away, but the service is great and these guys know what they are talking about.  Thanks for the genuine help!
5	I recently adopted a shelter pup. Upon taking him to the vet for his wellness check up he advised our pup has "crystals" in his urine. Clearly concerned I did some research before running out and purchasing the first food he suggested, rx food to be exact, about $30 bucks a pop for just the small bag. Also I was suspicious as they kept pushing one to two brands but never really explaining why this was better than anything else on the market. This one brand that lists gain and corn and whatnot... as the main ingredients.  Now I'm not vet but I know that if I place a chicken breast and an ear of corn in front of my dog what he's going to go for. So feeling very overwhelmed and a little lost as this is not my place of expertise, I stopped by Tempe Fee and Tack on a friend's suggestion due to the price and product. From the first step in the door we were greeted by very down to earth people and informed/educated (in a good way as I had many questions). They were extremely helpful without being pushy and I knew they had no hidden agenda as they aren't in cahoots with any large companies trying to get them to sell a certain brand. They were understanding of my situation, well educated on their products. They made it clear they aren't vets but that I may want to try switching to a certain type of diet and better water before I go with that certain type of expensive food but explained the reasons, with actual back up as to why they were suggesting this. They also gave my friend who was with me some training suggestions they'd used on their own dog previously  for her wild pup. The entire time I felt like they really cared and I appreciate that.All in all I had no idea what to expect and was extremely please and even a little excited when I left. It's nice to see animals lovers out there that go the extra mile to build relationships with their customers. After just one visit they've made a repeat customer out of me. I highly recommend them!
5	Went in here on a whim since its close to home to get some dog food. After asking me questions about my dogs and our lifestyle they recommended a food and WOW! What a difference in my labs! Their coats are nicer, have gotten leaner muscle mass and definitely a lot less poop to clean up (yay!). The prices are competitive with the large box stores, which honestly, surprised me. I get my cat food here now as well and I swear, my cat has gotten bigger. Not fatter, just bigger. And she's 5. The staff are super friendly and knowledgable and I love supporting a small local business when it deserves to have my money.
5	My Mother told me about Tempe Feed for awhile. I have two dogs and one of them needs grain free. I've been wanting to find something better than Nature's Recipe from Petsmart (bad reviews & expensive). I've walked in there and staff was very helpful!! Answer all my questions and then some! I am coming here from now on.
3	+3 stars because it's the only feed/tack store for horses I've seen in Tempe and does carry some good brands of food with great nutritional content.- 1 star because the dog toy selection was limited, extremely overpriced, and they carried nothing "basic"; i.e., they had Nylabone brand but only the weirder toys, no good ole' original chew bones.- 1 star for the weirdness of the employees. I went in today to buy food for my new German Shepherd pup and my cat. I knew what brands of food and chew toys I wanted, didn't need help, yada yada.I entered into the dog toy room and heard a boisterous conversation in a room adjacent, which instantly dropped to hushed voices. Two guys came out and just said "Hi". I said hello back. The next 30 seconds went like this: as I tried to browse, one proceeded to stare at me like a deer in headlights, and the other looked me up and down, feet to shoulders, twice. Feeling like *I* should be asking *them* if I could help them,  I looked at them and raised an eyebrow. The looker-upper-downer quickly asked if he could help me. I said "No, I've got it, thanks" and they vanished. Hushed conversation and laughter resumed. 10 seconds later, another fellow came out, appearing to have been shoved out the door, and said to let him know if I needed help. Then HE vanished back into the room.Weirded out, I left at that point, and as I walked past the room, they all went into silence again.I am still confused as to what that was about, and have narrowed it down to that I was either being laughed at for some newly manifested physical deformity/stray unshaved leg hairs/whatever, or they employ awkward dudes who turn into 8th grade boys when confronted with a girl. Either way, I wasn't impressed, and took my business elsewhere. Sorry, dudes.
5	Very good and friendly service. The dog food they recommended, while a bit expensive, is well worth it for our bulldog. Never going to Petsmart again. Support local businesses!FYI the dog food is Earthborn: holistic.  very highly rated and our dog loves it and digestion is totally normal.
5	Without going into my entire experience of going to Tempe Feed and Tack I can just tell you I went there on a whim to get what I needed and ended up staying and exploring for much more! I have 2 new puppies and will never need to go to a Petco or Petsmart again. The staff was beyond friendly, helpful, and honest. I felt educated (and a better puppy mom) when I left! Something I have never experienced from the large franchise stores (through the years going for our other critter).I will definitely be going back again.
5	Go here for a complete education on pet food.  You owe it to your cat or dog.  They will set you straight on myth and the truth about common expensive pet foods and commercial foods.  They even back up their claims with a little sample to make sure your pet likes it.  THAT is SERVICE!  I learned so much!
5	Great experience here. I went in with a very specific concern and question in mind about my puppy and his chewing. Very helpful staff attended to me right away and gave me tons of great tips as well as practical advice. Knowledge of products and their uses was incredible. Great place. Family owned and operated I'm pretty sure. I would recommend this feed store to anyone looking to keep their pets healthy and happy.
5	I love this place!!  The customer service is fantastic and the employees are soo knowledgeable about the origin of the food, etc.  I am highly impressed every time I have questions and they tell me the answers without hesitation.I really like the Victor dog food in the purple bag.  I used Natural Balance before but I become hesitant of it after the Venison food was recalled.  They recommended Victor to me at this feed store, and my dogs love it.  One of my babies has a super sensitive stomach and he has always had to have his own separate food.  He can now eat the Victor dry food just like my other babies and has no problems.  I am so thankful they recommended such a great food to me, as it makes things so much simpler now.Also every time I go, this really nice guy who works there always carries the food out to my car for me.  I struggle with a 40lb bag a little, but it is nice that they automatically do this for you there.Wonderful store and I would recommend it to everyone!
5	I could write an essay about how amazing this place is. The employees really care and go out of their way to help you give the best to your dog. Yeah, feeding your dog with more higher quality food is expensive, but given the high number of recalls in the dog food  you find at PetSmart every month, do you wanna risk your best friend's life? Am I going to carelessly let my beast get sick when she's been such a brat and racked up so much $$$ in hospital visits over the dumb stuff she's done? Nuh-uh. This beast is stuck with me, she ain't getting the easy way out. I used to buy Canidae but when they decided to jack prices up, the owner took his time to introduce me to a different brand just as good that fit my budget since I'm in there every month to feed the ox/whale hybrid I have at home. You won't get a boring lecture, but I can guarantee you'll walk out with more helpful information than you came in with.It's funny, sometimes I'm browsing and the owner will straight out tell me that certain products in the shop aren't that great of an option for my dog and is just waiting for it to die off the shelf in due time. Honesty is something you will definitely find here and it's what keeps me coming back.Also, if you have a large breed, come here for the industrial size tennis balls and cow bones. So so so cheap compared to other stores.
5	Owners Arthur and Robin are so knowledgeable about everything in their shop.  I have cats, dogs and chickens and I shop here for everything!  Support your local businesses!!
5	Talk about customer service! My entire experience, from my initial phone call to my nearly hour long visit, they went above and beyond to make sure I took home the right products for my pet. Like others have mentioned, I too left a little more educated and curious to learn more about what canine nutrition. I'm sorry it took me so long to check this place out. I had heard they were amazing, but my natural aversion to unfamiliar places/situations kept me away for run of the mill items. No longer! I'm sticking with Tempe Feed & Tack!
5	I LOVE this place!!!!!!!!Family owned and operated!I moved from Florida to Arizona in December. While waiting for my mares to be shipped in, my husband and I adopted an OTTB and immediately started hunting for feed stores to meet our requirements. Not only was Tempe Tack local, they were EXTREMELY thorough and helpful as we went about collecting supplies for our horses. We ONLY purchase feed through them and they're our first choice when it comes to picking up quick supplies that we need. They're priced extremely competitively and carry a wide range of products for horses, dogs, chickens... You name it, they likely have it all under one roof and accompanied by excellent customer service that make YOU feel like one of the family.HUGE thank you to Tempe Feed & Tack for being so incredibly attentive and awesome!
5	Love this place!  The staff is always nice and helpful. They have great products and they are knowledgeable about the ingredients in their products.We definitely like to support small businesses that care about customer service.
5	Don't go anywhere else for dog food. This is a family owned business and they're extremely knowledgeable. You're getting top-of-the-line dog food here. PetSmart or any big chain stores will not have quality food for your pets.I recently transitioned my dog from a grain dog food to a grain free, and they gave me samples of my pup's old food to ease him onto the new brand. P.S. He frickin LOVES the new stuff. Do your own research discover what's best for yourself. :-)
5	did i not write a review already? well, since we are now the proud owners of 4 baby chicks, tempe feed and tack will/has been our new go-to spot for all things fowl!i have not had a negative experience. at least one person on staff accosts me and asks if i need any help with anything. usually i just describe "my chickens are 3 weeks old" and they immediately go to get what i need. they stock giant blocks of bedding and feed all at a very reasonable price. along with countless other items, you can't go wrong with these folks. and for dog food buyers, you are all set with tempe feed and tack. i hope to establish a long relationship with these folks.
5	I only go here now for pet products. Best service and great prices beats out the big boxes any day and support local PHX family owned too. Arthur and his family at Tempe feed & tack have helped us so many times, they even took back a bag that upset the dogs stomach and suggested another brand that did the trick.
5	This is my dog's favorite place to go! That is the highest praise I can give, really. Food I feel good feeding my pets at a great price.  Can't say enough good stuff about this place and all the people.Everyone is so helpful, kind, and interested in what my pets need - not to mention all the affection they are showered with upon arrival. The Tempe Feed and Tack folks know everything about all the products. When I added my latest four-legged family member, they were integral in helping him get healthy.  Poor little guy was all skin and bones and dehydrated, but their stellar recommendations had him looking like a normal dog in no time.Super bonus: if I save the bar codes from my pups' food, I can earn a free bag! Not all brands do this, but they will surely mention if the food you purchase participates.
5	Don't go anywhere else for your pet! This place is fantastic! I have driven by many times before and never though to check it out, but am I glad I did today.  The people there are a treasure chest of knowledge. I learned so much about my dog and proper ways of caring for him. Didn't I mention prices are very competitive? All in all, great people, great product, great prices. Why go anywhere else? Thank you Tempe Feed & Tack! You rock!
5	I've been buying dog food and dog hygiene/medical products here for the last six months, and I've found that the staff are really knowledgeable, and they are also low-pressure. These guys genuinely want to help you find the right product, and they don't try to up-sell or plug extra/unnecessary stuff. The store area itself can feel kind of cramped, but I'd much rather spend less time getting the right thing and support a local business than wander through the aisles of a big-box store searching for a product I may or may not need.
5	I'm just starting this review thing and I just adopted a dog two months ago.  I went into Tempe feed with a very limited anxious knowledge of what I needed for my pit-mix puppy.The woman that helped me was so extremely helpful.  She gave me the advice I needed and gave me price breakdown without being sales pushy at all.  I left the place after meeting the entire family that worked there and it felt like my Cheers for the doggy world.I work in customer service and I appreciate it when I get the level of service I expect from myself and my employees.  I thank these guys and would recommend them to anyone!
5	First time here was looking for food for a nursing bitch, the gentleman that helped me was extremely knowledgeable n helpful. Ill be coming back.
5	Absolutely love this place. Arthur, Robin and the rest of the family are fabulous. They really know their stuff. All of their food is natural and healthy, won't find any Beneful here. We do pet sitting and have brought all of our pups here to visit and both them and the employees love it.  We have come here with several issues with both our cats and the pups we sit for and they always have great answers that are thoroughly researched.
5	Tempe Feed and Tack is the only place I will get food for my dog! I have been coming here since my dog was about 3 months old, so about a year now. The owners, Robin and Arthur, absolutely love my dog! Especially Robin. And even her kids know who my dog is and they love him just as much. And her kids are so amazing as well. They're all so sweet. They remember us every time we come in and Robin is always giving my dog treats and she is just so kind. I would highly recommend this place! Robin is so knowledgeable whenever I have any questions about my dog (and since I was a first time dog owner, I needed a LOT of help). I love Tempe Feed & Tack and this will always be where I buy anything for my dog!
5	Super helpful.  Yelp gave us wrong direction and since we're from out of state we didn't know better. A phone call got us there to buy needed supplies. Great service!
4	I notice that most of the ratings are five stars, and I was torn between four and five. Still, I wouldn't say this awesome store is as good as it gets, please forgive me.I really enjoy coming to this place. My mother has several chickens (as pets) and I sometimes need to pick up some feed for her. This place is pretty good in my book. It has a variety of natural and organic chicken feed and comes in different packaging sizes. The family that runs this place has always been helpful when I drop by. They ask what I might be looking into and quickly point me in the right direction.The shop is pretty small and is pretty crowded (though it's clean) with stuff and that is a good thing in my opinion. I get the feeling they want people in and out (having 20 people mill around would be just too crowded). They ask what you need, ask if you have any questions, and give me what I came for. One of the reasons I like this place is that everyone seems to be goal oriented and time conscious.One other thing. The guys here, actually carry the feed to my car every time. Awesome.
