5	Absolutely great service as always! Oh yeah, free flat repair if you weren't aware of that.
5	I'm a fan.  I set up an appointment for installation of some Pirelli tires to replace some BF Goodrich tires that were driving me nuts as they were showing cupping wear.  I set up the appointment for 10 am.  They greeted me fairly quickly and before I knew it they were done at 1040am and I was on my way.  I'm totally thrilled with the service, I got the replacement certificates and was driving on the road and there was little roar and they handle great.  Discount seemed to be a bit more expensive but they have won me over.
5	I love Discount Tire! My dad has been a loyal customer of this location for over 10 years, so naturally whenever my parents, siblings or I need new tires we go here. Yesterday a coworker noticed that I had a nail in my tire. I went straight to DT & they removed the 3 nails in my tire, patched it up & made sure none of my other tires had any nails. ALL FOR FREE! I was in & out within an hour, with about 4 people ahead of me. They have excellent customer service here which keeps my family & I coming back!
5	Bought a tire from here due to a nail puncture in May. The same thing happens in August and they replaced it in 10 minutes flat! Printed me a receipt and waved good-bye. (FREE of charge)Aaaaaand when I was there in May, my wheel cover was broken while they were attempting to remove it. They kept it, still have it and are seeking a replacement for it.This location is convenient, efficient, clean, friendly and fairly priced!
3	Decent place with average service. I, along with my mother, have been doing business with this Discount Tire Co. location for years. Most recently in August of 2012 I purchased 4 new Goodyear tires for my Chevy Silverado 1500. These tires are made for wheels of 20" and not the standard tires, therefore they sometimes are not in stock. This last time they did have them all in stock and I decided to purchase them. These Goodyear tires were not cheap (and never have been) and the total bill was $475.00. The wait time for a Saturday morning was a couple of hours and when they were done I noticed that they put one of my tires on backward. When I mentioned it to the manager and asked him to flip the tire around I got a sort of sarcastic "you got it sir!" and he proceeded to snatch the keys back from me and walked them over to his installer. Perhaps he was just frustrated at the silliness of the situation on a busy day, I'm not sure. Another 30 minutes later they gave me the truck keys back and I was on my way with the tires installed correctly, all 4 of them. Not that I won't return there (because I will do to their close location) but I just was disappointed at the treatment I received after spending nearly $500.00. Their system of replacing or fixing tires under their warranty along with their free air and servicing is nice, they are usually on-point, but this last time the service overall was not as good as past experiences I've had. Conclusion: They will continue go receive my business... for now.
5	Great, friendly service.  I came here when I discovered a nail in my tire and I was in and out in about 35 mins, which is really quick in my book.  Thank you Discount Tire!
5	My friend would like to compliment this Discount Tire for caring for her red thunderbird while she was in the hospital.  She had been in the hospital since November and they had cared for the car each night until she was able to collect it.  We highly recommend that people use this establishment.
5	Went to the store with an appointment (they even took a re-schedule the same morning). I initially came in to replace only two tires. Then the friendly tech showed me that my other two tires were coming apart at the sidewall on the inside (a major safety issue). The waiting room was clean, and the staff were very polite and friendly. I ended up spending more money than I planned to, but otherwise I would have been at risk of a bad blowout. Great experience!
5	Went in on a Saturday at 4:30 pm, got out at 5:10. Fast, efficient and very courteous service. Bought the best tires they had. These guys are good!
3	Had a flat tire, so i went back to Discount tire where I bought the tires. The nice thing is I had the warranty, service was great, was there 1/2 hr.. Did a great job.. BUT.. when the service guy checked the tire, he said a few times looks like the tire may have to be replaced, may need replaced, might have to replace.... Then I said I have the replacement protection..... 1/2 hr later they fixed the flat, didn't need replacement.. Makes ya WONDER!! Hummmmm... Hope it really didn't need replacement.. I drive a lot...
1	Worst costumer service in the world! I've been there 4 times and it's always the same  shit! I get there, then 4 people walk in behind me and they get attended first. Then I'm stuck waiting there for 2 hours. I live less then a mile from this location. Now I rather drive an extra 6 miles to the next location on a spare tire.
5	Took my car in this afternoon, I have been having problems with pressure light coming on over the course of a year.  I figured I might need new tires or have to patch one up.  Either way, I was feeling a bit anxious wondering what the cost was going to be.  I brought my car in and I was surprised not only by quick service but everyone was friendly.  One of the technicians did a walk around with me, checked my pressure and told me they would check to find the source of the leak.  In true auto body nature, I expected them to find something, anything just to sell me a set of tires or pay for services.  WOW, what a surprise, they simply put air in my tires, did an inspection and told me my tires were just fine. NO CHARGE!!!  The change in temperature was to blame for the pressure light coming on.  WHAT???  YOU ARE NOT trying to sell me something I don't need!?  You have no idea what it feels to walk away from a auto shop and feel that they are being honest.  They now have a tire customer for life.
5	Excellent service! Have been at this location 2x now, and both were 5 stars. Despite being a walk in without calling first for appointment or anything my service was immediate/ fast/ and of good quality with friendly customer service. 1st visit had tire blowout (bought new tire), 2 visit had a nail threw my front right tire, which was fixed/honored for free by the insurance that I had purchased for all 4 tires in my first visit.
5	Superb service!  First off, let me say that I work in high end sales and service industry, so I certainly appreciate great service when I see it.  I was greeted by every member of staff from the garage tech that passed me on the way in, to the gentleman at the counter who acknowledged me Instantly and affirmed that he'd be happy to help me shortly- as he was finishing up with another customer.  Every staff member was friendly and welcoming and had a pleasant demeanor. my service specialist went above and beyond to sort finances.   On top of wonderful people the repair made to my "big-o" tire was free.  I will definitely be purchasing my tires here -
4	It took QUITE a while to get my tire replaced (about an hour and a half) but they were working as fast as they could. I also appreciated how they didn't try to sell me on the most expensive tires they had, the guy working at the counter told me that a lower-priced tire was actually better than the most expensive one.
5	I have been a customer of Discount for years but have not been to this store in a long while.The Mighty Tucson had a nail in one of it's tires.  I went to another location (see my OTHER Discount review) to fix it but decided to try this location after a less-than-stellar experience trying to address the same issue.I made an appointment for mid-morning , then showed up and settled in with coffee and some "light" textbook reading.  My visit took less than an hour.  The employees were all friendly and professional, and the lobby was nice and cool, which made the wait very comfortable.I later called the store manager to thank him for restoring my faith in Discount overall.  I will happily continue doing business with this location and recommend it without hesitation to other consumers.
5	Came here for a tire rotation. Although it was almost closing time, they still took care of me. I usually go to the shop in Goodyear on McDowell and Dysart but today I was on this side of town. Hallelujah, I'm so glad they finally finished. The place was packed and they did a great job. Thanks guys
3	I am the store currently waiting for one hour and half and they have not even started to replace my tires . The sales person said I needed tires when my mechanic told me I had 20,000 miles left this store seems very aggressive I am sad to say that their customer service had changed. I look curious if management will look into this
5	I went in because of a nail in my tire and made an appointment online the same day. I got there and the parking lot was crowded but organized. I walked in and was instantly greeted and waited 2 minutes in line for an employee, John, to address me. He immediately went and checked my tires and came back with recommendations to get new tires soon because of their condition. I told them just the patch today and they didn't mind and gave me a 45 minutes wait time. I don't think I was there 30 minutes before it was all done. The next employee, Henry I believe, said they gave me a great deal on the patch and told me that they hoped I would consider them when I was ready to buy and sent me on my way! No better way to create a customer then to give them great service today in hopes they will come back again! Thanks again guys!
5	They repaired my nail pierced tire in just under 40 minutes FOR FREE! These guys are extremely customer focused and the waiting room chairs are cush-comfy. Will be back.
