5	I live in Chandler and will follow DR. Pottgen anywhere and everywhere she goes. If you want a great doctor go see her.
5	I go to the Deer Valley location & was referred here by 3 different people.  I love it here.  Everyone is so nice, caring & we always have a great experience.  I love close but would gladly make the drive to go here if I needed to!
3	We've been going here for the  last three years. It took several visits to find a couple of doctors that were a good fit for us.  They've been great especially since we had an emergency and had to go to ER. They were quick to respond on a Saturday.Unfortunately, it seems the wait time has been getting worse. The front desk is slow to check in patients.  I was checked in 13 minutes after arriving and 10 minutes after my appointment time. We then had to wait 40 minutes for the doctor. Additionally, when making my appointment the phone line was down. I couldn't make it online either. I'm glad it wasn't urgent since there was no way to get hold of them during office hours. I left a message for the office manager to address my concerns and haven't heard back.  The doctors are great but with poor office management I might look for a new office.
1	I moved from irvine ca had the most wonderful care.... The dr actually called back, a nurse was ready to answer any question when you called the office and the care was outstanding.I live in Las Sendas... East Mesa I wanted to find the same care for my children when I moved here, went to a lot of Dr's and was satisfied with North Scottsdale Pediatrics until...My 5 month old got sick... Real sick. Symptoms bad cough, naisal congestion, not smiling and crying a lot I took her to see the dr. 11 times in one month I keeped telling the dr that she needs a antibiotic something's wrong. I saw 5 diffrent Dr's there and they all said the same thing it's a virus... One dr said its acid reflux  i said i don't think so, i know what a virus sounds like and when my children need help, i have 3 children 8, 2 and 5 months. Well the 11 th time was when I got her antibiotic, only after the dr said lets do a catather. This is the worse that poor baby was screaming on the table while the nurse tried 5 times to get it in. I asked her to stop, I saw blood on the ground and said what happened the nurse didn't look at me and said the dr will tell me. Dr came in and said we won't to anymore tests we will give her treatment.I asked what was the problem with the nurse and the catheter? The dr said it's because she had extra skin.... Well duh, all biologies are diffrent and what would she do with a uncircumsized boy.... Pull the skin back!!! I filed a complaint.Also, while at the dr the 10th time I said to the dr my daughter feels hot feel her, the dr said well 100 not a temp, I said she's hotter than 100 I can feel it. Well I went home and took her temp it was 102.5. I called the dr. Office and to,d them we just left my daughter had a temp of 102 how much tylonal do I give her and please tell the dr to give her a antibiotic. The receptionist said that she can't tell me or transfer me to a nurse and I have to wait. Well I called back 3 times and at 630 pm I got a call from a nurse who can't do anything.After all that the 11th time I got her antioboic.... And she's healthy and doing so well. I filed all the complants. I now found another pediatric dr and will never ever trust a life with northscottsdale pediatric.
5	I came here upon the referral of all of my other mommy friends.  We have only had pleasant experiences here.  Our sons primary care doctor is Jennifer Gerlach and she is great.  We also met with several other doctor's when our son was first born and everyone was great.  I highly recommend them to any of my other mommy friends.
5	We have visited this facility twice recently. One time was for a well-baby check-up, and the other for a rather nagging cough which concerned us quite a bit. The first time we went was for the cough. We managed to get a same day appointment at the very end of the day. We arrived quite early, and headed for the waiting room. North Scottsdale Pediatric has a divided waiting area...one side each for sick children and healthy children. Unfortunately for us, the "sick" side was still jammed pack with people. The staff were running a little bit shorthanded, but I guess that's to be expected during cold and flu season.The waiting rooms were both quite nice. There are lots of chairs, plenty of games with which the children can play, and a television. On this day, everyone seemed to be in a particularly foul mood...though, if your child is sick, you're guaranteed to be less than pleasant. After a little longer wait than we expected, we went back to figure out what was going on with our little one. The nurse came out and greeted my daughter, and was very pleasant. Although she was a little under the weather, my daughter was very receptive to the nurse. After taking her weight, the nurse led us through a seemingly endless maze of different examination rooms to go and see our physician, Dr. Whitehouse. Dr. Whitehouse was amazing. She was extremely thorough with our daughter. Through some very in-depth questioning, Dr. Whitehouse was able to finally figure out the cause of our daughter's annoyingly persistent coughing.After our first experience with Dr. Whitehouse, it was a no-brainier as to where we needed to take our child in for her four year check-up. And, once again, the doctor was amazing. Doctors, in my opinion, are like insurance. You have them, but you hope you never really need to use them. But, in the event that you DO have to use them, you need to make sure that they're reliable. Dr. Whitehouse certainly fits that description!
5	I've been taking my son here for 5 years. He sees Dr. Barcellona. Excellent care, well and sick visits are very thorough and we never feel rushed. Sometimes the wait to get in stinks but I would rather wait to get in the room than feel rushed. It means they take their time with everyone. I can't say enough good things about our Dr and about this practice. Ps I know what a bad pediatrician is like. I had to deliver at a different hospital and we were new parents. We had a staff pedi take care of our son until he was 2 months old... The Dr was horrible and when I switched to Dr. Barcellona it was like a dream. So many things our first dr missed and since then I owe my sanity to this place!
1	The doctors and nurses here are fine, but the office staff and billing department are completely incompetent.  I truly have never had such a bad experience in the 5 months that they saw my newborn son.  Example #1:I go in for my son's January 2013 well baby visit and am told that I need to pay a $25 copay.  No, I say.  The well baby visits have no copay.  Clueless front desk girl says oh, let me verify your insurance.  She hands me a piece of paper with the wrong insurance info on it.  I cross it all out and give her the correct information and she makes a copy of the insurance card.  Next well baby visit - same clueless front desk girl says the same thing, asks me to verify the insurance info, I correct it, she makes another copy of the insurance card.  Next well baby visit - EXACT SAME THING.  I gave them the insurance card four times.  You'd think they'd get it but, no.  See #3 below...Example #2:On my SECOND well baby visit, same winner at the front desk says oh, you have a balance on your account of $228, how would you like to take care of that today?  I said I don't want to take care of it today because that's the first I've heard of it.  She tells me that it's getting ready to go to collections so I should pay it today.  I queried how it could possibly go to collections when I have never seen a bill?  Clueless wonder offers to let me speak to the billing manager.  The billing manager then says it was all a mistake, it's not gone to collections, and in fact, THE BILL WAS JUST PROCESSED AND PRINTED THAT MORNING TO BE MAILED OUT THAT AFTERNOON!Example #3:I moved to Colorado and started getting phone calls from Merrill (sp?) in the billing office.  I called her back.  She tells me some of the well baby claims were denied.  I ask her for the dates, call the insurance company, verify my son's coverage and benefits to be 100% for well baby visits, and call Merrill back to tell her that.  She says she will resubmit the claims and asks yet again to verify the insurance info.  What do you know?  They have the wrong insurance information AGAIN.  So I give it to her.  She asks for a copy of the insurance card.  I tell her to reference the other 4 copies of the insurance card that they should have on file.  She does, reads it to me, I confirm it, and we go our merry way, right?  Wrong.  I get at least 3 more calls from Merrill where we have exactly the same conversation.  My husband and I both called the insurance company to verify coverage again.  They tell us they have no claims on file at all from NSP.  We both called Merrill to let her know, she says great, should be taken care of... But no, then we receive a bill in June 2013 for $1200+ from NSP.  My husband calls the billing manager three times because we are sick of talking to Merrill.  Billing manager never calls him back so he calls the insurance company.  They say there are still ZERO claims on file from NSP and offer to call their billing department.  That's right - the insurance company offered to call the doctor's office.  Lo and behold, we get a call back from Cigna letting us know that N. Scottsdale Pediatric never ever filed one single claim correctly for my son.  They continued to file against the incorrect insurance information that I corrected THREE times previously.  Cigna advised them on how to file the claims.  Unbelievable.  I am so glad I don't have to deal with these clowns ever again.  Even if the doctors are ok, the hassle isn't worth it.  It's the most poorly run medical office I've encountered.
3	Super friendly and knowledgable staff of doctors, but incompetent when it comes to billing and communication. They don't communicate well with the pharmacies so every month it's an incessant phone battle between the pharmacy and the doctor's office to get my prescriptions filled. I'm a middleman to two offices that are supposed to be filling my prescriptions automatically. The nurses are unable to help when it comes to this and always say they will put in a note for the doctor and he will get back to me, but this takes several days. It's frustrating. I await the day when I don't receive my medications late because the nurses denied my prescription for some obscure reason that occurs every month.
2	We have been going to N. Scottsdale Pediatrics ever since our kids were little.  The reason for two stars and maybe it should be one is for one goof up.  To me a doctor can never afford to make a mistake.  My daughter went for a bunch of tests and it came back that she was Anemic so we were told to start her on Iron pills.  The week before we got all the blood work tests back the Dr. told us to start giving her an Anti- Acid which we did.  In their notes it should of shown that she was told to take an anti-acid pill and that you should never give an anit-acid and Iron pill together.  Luckily my wife read the bottle and information.  They need to be more careful.
5	Dr Gerlach is beyond amazing! I was a mess with my first newborn child - not knowing what to do, no sleep & worried all the time. She had a way of telling me I was doing great while also making suggestions without sounding judgmental.  She gave me nursing advice when I was in my first time mom moments & didn't know who else to ask. I've recommended her to several friends. She is incredibly smart & very good with my daughter. Also if she's booked up, other great Drs I've had good experience with are Dr Kaplan & Dr Whitehouse. We'll be sticking with dr G though. She's fantastic!
4	I really like this place. I was hesitant to go to a large group practice, but I feel that my kids get very good care here. The office is clean and has very nice decor.  My kids have seen Dr. Whitehouse and I felt that  she addressed my concerns for my kids  health. She also followed up with phone calls.  Dr. Siegel saw my son in the hospital during rounds and was very good. I would highly recommend this place also because of their flexibility to see your kids same day once they are established patients.
5	Just had our first visit here today for our 9 month old's well check.  We have only been in AZ a few months, and this was the office that everyone recommended we try.  So far, I think that they are right!  Very clean office with a well child waiting area and a sick child waiting area. The staff and nurses were all very kind and welcoming.  We met with Dr. Gerlach and she was great.  In addition to handling my daughter's well check, she was also very conversational with my extremely chatty 3 year old who was along for the visit too. :)  Dr. Gerlach is preparing for maternity leave, so our next appointment will be with Dr. Whitehouse.  Looking forward to meeting some of the other doctors in the practice as well.  Seems like a great place!
1	First let me say, I would give Dr Pottgen 50 stars if I could. She was always amazing with my twins. She was super attentive, listened to my concerns and communicated clearly. However, my issue is with their billing and insurance. They charged me for every well visit when my twins were born although my insurance covered it at 100%. It took them months to catch on, so by this time I had shelled out $50 for every appointment. They owed me over $200. BUT rather than giving me MY MONEY back they said they would put a credit on my account. I didn't have time to argue with this and let it go. However, every time I came in for a well visit they would ask me for my co-pay?!?!? I repeatedly had to go back and forth with them. After my children's one year check up, I had had it with the billing banter. I requested a complete print out of my account credit and visits from billing to be mailed to me so I could request a check and be done with it. I never received it. I called their billing office requesting the paperwork again never received. NEXT I called and spoke with Maria (I believe) and officially met the RUDEST MOST IGNORANT PERSON TO EVER EXISIT. She argued with me about everything. She cut me off. Would not let me finish my explanation. Jumped in every chance she could get to be accusatory. Said I owed them money. The things that came out of her mouth would flabbergast anyone. After over an hour of conversation she was set to mail me my billing information for the past year along with my account credit. She promised it within two weeks. Guess What? I never received it. I called again and had the same battle. I asked for her manager. She transferred me to a generic voicemail where I left a detailed message and never heard back. I went online and used their automated system requesting a call from a manager. GUESS WHAT? I never heard from anyone. Finally, I simply walked away from the office and MY EXISISTING CREDIT and never looked back. It's a shame because their doctors are five star, their billing staff.... so below par it's ridiculous.
1	Wow - we haven't even been to this office yet and have already been given a bad impression. . I called to reschedule my sons appointment and the front desk clerk had a major attitude problem. This is a disappointment, because we received a recommendation from a friend. I am going to keep the appointment and see how the visit goes. Based on these other reviews it seems like they have good doctors and when I called the first time a few weeks ago the girl was pleasant during our phone schedule, but the one I dealt with today should maybe find a job where she doesn't need to handle customers. ..its not for everyone.
5	My 3 1/2 year old son has gone here since birth and we have never had any issues with any of his care.  He sees Dr. Jennifer Caplan and she has always been pleasant, down-to-earth, and willing to entertain my questions.  My son loves Dr. Caplan.  In fact, I confess to once having my friend call the house and ask to talk to my son, pretending to be Dr. Caplan, and telling my son about how vegetables were good for you and she wanted him to eat them.  That night the broccoli was cleaned from his plate!  :)
