4	I've only been to two dermatologists ever... (this being #2), but have had some weird lingering adult acne that I've been trying to take of on my own, but still not satisfied. So... enter my search for a dermatologist on yelp! :) I chose this office due to Gabi's raving review based on their Phoenix office and location. I too had a great experience here. First of all, I just called yesterday for my appt and got in 24hrs later. THAT was awesome... the one other derm experience I had to book my appt months in advance. Then when I arrived the front office staff were all super friendly and cheerful. And likewise the back office staff was equally friendly. +1 for getting an appt right away+1 for friendly staff+1 for all the cool samples they gave me+1 for a great deal I scored on Latisse!and here's a +1 in hopes that my minor acne clears up before the next yelp elite event. (haha)
4	Yay for good skin exams!I admit I was a slacker for the past few years and didn't go for my annual full body check at the dermatologist.  Therefore, I was a little nervous about my appointment.  Not only did I have a few freckles / sun spots / moles that popped up over the years, but I had a baby too... and god knows what happens to your skin during a pregnancy and beyond!Anyways, I knew it was time for a visit, but I didn't have time to trek to North Phoenix to the sister office of Scottsdale Dermatology Ltd (see my review for that office here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/phoenix-dermatology-ltd-phoenix#hrid:XPNvqTMH5MP_ME0Fem3Yrg), where I'd been before, so I trusted my husband on this one and called this location instead.  The woman that answered the phone was super friendly and scheduled an appointment for me to see Kendall Jenson, PA-C the following week.  When the time came for my appointment, I followed the directions to this office on my Yelp app, and I was pleasantly surprised to see how close it was to where I live and work, and there was plenty of shaded street parking when I arrived... bonus!I didn't have to wait too long once I arrived, and I had a good experience.  Luckily, Kendall was not too concerned about any of my freckles/sun spots/ moles, and he answered all of the questions I had for him.  Before I left, they had me self address a post card that they will send to me for my annual visit next year... hopefully, I'll keep up with my annual appointments going forward.  Now that I have a dermatologist nearby, I really have no excuses.  What's yours?!
1	I'm a patient of Dr. Kendall's and currently on Accutane, which requires quite a bit of protocol. The office staff is nice enough, but not efficient at all. The woman who is responsible for the iPledge program (a program all Accutane users must be a part of) had no idea what she was doing and actually managed to get me locked out of the system because of a mistake that she made. In addition to that, after waiting for over an hour only to speak to the doctor for 5  minutes, they told me to "hold tight" in case they needed any more info from me, well I waited there for almost 10 minutes until a nurse cam in and said, "oh, you're free to go", like i could read their minds! All in all, I got a very unprofessional vibe from the office staff and I am not looking forward to 3 more months of this.
1	Treatments I received were met with marginal benefit. ...And that's fine...What is unacceptable is that after my visit, they didn't file for my insurances correctly, and have been hounding me for $200. On my most recent phone call, they threatened to turn this debt over to collections. This is an office mistake, and it should be met with customer service, rather than threatening my credit score.
5	Great visit, easy diagnosis and treatment. Office and staff were nice, doctor was great! Would send any of my friends or family there.
