2	It is a pretty pricy Thai restaurant. But there is not too much competition for them in Charlotte, so you got to go with it. I just like their mee krob.
4	This place still has some of the best lunch specials in the Southpark area.  Before I spent two weeks in Thailand, I thought it was great.  Now I just think it is one of the best choices in Charlotte.
4	I've been a fan of this place for years.  The mee krob is delicious, as is their squid salad.  Better at dinner than at lunch, although they have good lunch specials.  I agree that it is the best Thai in Charlotte.
3	Passable, veg friendly Thai place. Nothing out of this world, or even stand out, but a decent choice if you're looking for curry and live in this 'hood. Surroundings are a little contrived and stuffy (think fake village chic), but the interior is comfy, warm, and casual. Service was great start to finish, and we saw an owner (older Thai lady) wandering around, greeting her regulars. Tres cool.Interesting features: hotpots (they have a large variety of soups, all of which feature veg friendly versions) are served somewhat traditionally, in an aluminum pot built around a sterno insert to keep things warm. A large part of the menu is "pick your meat" and accessible to veggies via the tofu option, cool cool. But the flavors are toned down (I blame that on the obscene rent I'm sure these guys are paying) and even though my red curry was decently hot (of course, I ordered extra extra extra spicy and this was far from it) it lacked the deep level of flavor I eat curries to experience. Ah well.
5	Perhaps the best Thai restaurant at which I've ever had the pleasure of eating.  Quality food, well-prepared, and excellent friendly service.  Everything on the menu is consistently excellent!
4	I found out about this restaurant through Yelp. It brought me to a new little quaint shopping area I never knew about! It's hidden off of Providence Rd as soon as you pass Fairview Rd on your left. I discovered Phil's Deli and Il Nobe or something like that, an Italian restaurant. I plan to check those out too. I got the Pad Thai, and it was delicious. Not as big as the Pad Thai from Upstream, but still delicious. Came with an eggroll and some soup. Everything was good, the service was very good and quick. The interior had cute and fancy Thai decor. Very nicely done! Bravo, Thai Orchid.
4	The BEST Thai food I'd found in Charlotte.  The mango sticky rice is eyes-roll-to-the-back-of-the-head delicious!  And the non-dessert items are good too! Friendly owners and service.  Prices are reasonable
4	3.5 stars - bumping it up to 4 for generous portions...Hubs grabbed takeout from Thai Orchid after a very long holiday weekend..I was itching for something spicy and noodle-y, thus pad thai seemed to fit the ticket. Price wise, our bill for two noodle dishes and an order of their fresh rolls came to $28. Not too shabby and a bit less than my Thai fave Uptown. Since I can't comment on the staff or the ambiance, I'll get right to the eats...Fresh Rolls: Light, fresh and tasty spring rolls filled with chicken, carrots, cucumbers, and rice noodles, wrapped in rice paper and served with tangy peanut sauce. The menu said shrimp were in here too, but I didn't see any. Maybe it's an option? Nonetheless, they were large, fully stuffed and a perfect healthy start. Pad Thai: Typical pad thai with shrimp, chicken, green onion and tons o' noodles. I asked for it spicy (not Thai spicy) and it had pleeeenty of kick. Blowing my nose kick. Kick start my metabolism. Flavor wise it's a nice pad thai - not my favorite in Charlotte, but well made and a generous portion. If I'm in the SouthPark-ish area and jonesin' for some Thai, I'll definitely try Thai Orchid again!
4	Picked up takeout here this past week and was really impressed, not only with the establishment and service, but also how busy the place was on a Tuesday night. This made me more excited for the meal! Located right behind Fresh Market on Providence/Sardis area, the place is small, but cozy. I called in ahead, so I just walked up to the counter and gave them my name. The food came out right away. There is no bar area, so don't plan on getting a drink while you wait for your order. Ordered Pad Thai, Pad Woon Sen & Fresh Rolls (spring rolls on steroids). All this for $28. Not bad, as I've paid more and less for the same order at other restaurants. Surprisingly, I got a side of white rice too? Not sure if this is typical or a mistake? Got home and dove right in as I was starving. Food was really good and the portions were huge. Made for great lunch the next day. Ordered both dishes "medium spicy" and the Pad Thai came with a little more heat than the Pad Woon Sen, which was fine as the Pad Thai was for the lady. I'm a fan and will be back again!
3	I went to this place today with a friend for lunch.  It was a nice experience, nothing mind blowing though.  We had the sampler platter appetizer and the dipping sauces that came with it were really good.  For our entrees we got the curry duck and the pad thai to split.  Both were flavorful but the curry duck was advertised as being spicy and was not spicy at all.  The pad thai was a good dish but was definitely missing something.I will go back!
2	We got the take out pad see ew tonight. It was not great. The typical pas see ew we've had has a sweet, brown, thick soy sauce. This was a very loose and spicy clear sauce.
4	Been meaning to write a review for this place for the longest time now....  It's a great 'hidden gem' since it is not very visible from the corner of Fairview and Providence.Definitely my "go to" Thai place... everything I have had here has been delicious and the service is great.  I've never tried their take out, but it's probably just as good as eating there minus the relaxed and cozy atmosphere.  Tip:  When mangoes are in season, get the mango and sticky rice dessert!
3	Elegant interior, if you can find this hidden restaurant nestled deep in an alley of the Strawberry Hill Shopping Center.  Decor could be a bit overdone, but there is an air of elegance and there is always take-out.Look for the sandwich board and then for white pillars...that's the place.Prices are a bit high, but the food is OK Thai and the menu covers the typical array of Thai dishes.  Portions are reasonable, but on the small size given their prices.Their spring rolls are excellent and we usually order a dozen.  They are firmly wrapped and fired just right, without oozing oil.Their curries are excellent and for those that like the Thai standard Pad dishes, which I don't, you will be pleased.I like how you can order your dish and then amplify it with beef, chicken, shrimp or have it meatless.  Spiciness is very mild.  I ordered spicy, the two pepper logo, and it was not spicy at all.  Live dangerously and insist on spice and they certainly can melt your inlays, but if you like spice, mention it and ask them to jazz it up a bit.  Sooner or later I will come up with the right-for-me level of spice.You can dress up here and one will see families so attired, also couples on dates wearing more than t-shirts and flip-flops.  Your call.
4	Until tonight, I have never understood my husband's obsession with Angel Wings. For all the years I've known him, virtually every time we've ordered Thai takeout (which was quite often in San Francisco) he's doggedly opted for these weird deep-fried chicken wings stuffed with all manner of whatnot, They've always seemed greasy, bland despite the long list of ingredients, an affront to the explosion of flavor that I associate with Thai food.Tonight, however, when he took me to Thai Orchid in his old stomping grounds in Charlotte, I finally got it. These were made with a level of love not ever seen before in the fried Thai chicken department. The secret seems to be steaming your de-boned stuffed wings so they stay wonderfully moist, then bathing them in a buttermilk batter before you deep-fry them. Man, they were good.  For my part, I played it safe but successfully with a chicken pad khing sod, which included ginger, mushroom, snow peas, green onions and napa cabbage. It was also very flavorful, just the right amount of ginger.My main quibble with our dining experience was that they served us way too fast! It's not always a good thing to be sat, served and delivered your check in 47 minutes. This is not necessarily the place to come for a long, lingering dining experience. That said, the people were nice as could be and we'll back back whenever we're next in Charlotte.
4	Great Service, Great Food.  Was in a hurry and they got us in/out of there quick and the food was fantastic.Will go again when I'm in the area!  Hidden Gem!
5	Based on last night's meal, and easy Five yelp stars.  This may be unfair because I have been to this restaurant so many times over the last eight years and I know what I like and what to avoid!  This food is extremely consistent!  Every time each dish is as it was on previous visits.  First I ordered Fresh Rolls! These are the largest Fresh Rolls of any place I have been!  Their "Peanut" Sauce is the most unique, House-made for sure, super thin, sweet and sour with minced peanuts on top.  The Fresh Rolls earn 4.5 stars and the Peanut Sauce gets 4.1 stars.One of my Favorite Thai Dishes (when it is done well) is stir fried Thai Basil with Beef (my friends and I call it Basil Beast)!  What I like about Thai Orchids approach to Beef Basil is the beef is very good, it has very few other ingredients, Garlic, Peppers, Soy based sauce and Thai Basil.  This simple recipe yields one of my favorite versions of this dish!  The Rice is Jasmine I think.  This dish gets an easy 5 yelp stars every time I have eaten it here!!!For Dessert, Custard with Sticky Rice!  Tastes much better than my photo conveys.  I'm glad I got it though would not order it without a couple of people to share it with and last night I ate it all!!!  I have to keep reminding myself I'm on a diet!
4	This cute little native Thai family-owned restuarant is a Charlotte staple and it has been tucked away in the center of the Strawberry Hill shopping center for at least the past  12 -15 years (if not longer). Most of the time, the service is good, but there have been a few misses in this department when they are extremely busy. However, overall I am pleased with the food and service and can overlook the occasional off-day. They offer several lunch specials which come with a spring roll or egg roll. They also start you out with a small soup of the day which varies.  I really like their pad thai here and often get it when I am here for lunch since its usually one of the lunch specials.  For dinner, I like their curries -especially the Penang Curry.  (I have only had one really bad meal here and sadly I cannot remember what I ordered on that visit, but it wasn't one of my "normal' favs.) They season their food for the "American palate" so if you like it spicier, just let them know and they will bump it up for you. The portions are definitely generous, so I usually have leftovers... I love getting 2 meals for the price of one!  :-)
4	I love this place.  The family has eaten here since back in 1987 when they were off central.  The meekrab (sp?) is the owner's unique dish you can't find anywhere else and it is absolutely fabulous.  I could just eat that appetizer alone and be happy.  They also have some great selections in curries from red, yellow, green and the cocunut curry.  They will also adjust anything to your spice level--from mouth on fire to mild.  All the dishes can also be made vegetarian.  The customer service is great--they remember me each time I place a to go order to when I show up with friends.
4	We hit up this quaint little spot last night to celebrate the birthday of Mr. Poprock Photography. :D  Needless to say, it's nestled away in a shopping center that pops up out of nowhere (especially in the dark).It's really small, but adorable! I felt like I was walking into someone's home.  At 7 PM, they weren't busy; it was a bit awkward for it to be so quiet, even with music playing in the background.Luckily, Tonya & Billy are foodies like my boyfriend & I, so we sampled quite a few of Thai Orchid's offerings.  Fresh rolls: Heaven on a plate. I am such a big fan of fresh (spring) rolls & these were amazing.  First of all, they were HUGE! Packed tight & full of ingredients. The peanut sauce was spicy & hot & a perfect compliment.Spring rolls: Just the right amount of crunch & ingredients. The spicy sauce was hot & spicy, too.Chicken wings: Cooked perfectly & again, the accompanied sauce was yes, hot & spicy!  Tonya & I both agreed it would have been tastier if they tossed the wings in the sauce prior to serving. Maybe next time, we can ask politely. :)I had the shrimp fried rice, which wow, the medium sized plate was overflowing with rice goodness.  I was a little taken a back due to having tomato chunks in it, as well as the shrimp having their tails still on.  Due to snacking away on appetizers, I was unable to finish my rice, but Shawn will enjoy it for lunch. Shawn, Tonya & Billy all enjoyed their dishes of flounder, jasmine rice, & Chicken Pad Phed.  Our waitress was nice & checked on us just the right amount.  Our water glasses stayed full.Like Nicole, I am giving 3.5 stars, but bumping up to 4 for the appetizers & portions.
2	Only had a couple things at this attractive little restaurant - a soup and spring rolls - but I have definitely had better!  The service could be a little more relaxed.  I think I'll stick with Thai House.
2	I went with my wife last night for a quick dinner.  Prices are better than other thai spots around here, but not as low as this ex-new yorker is used to paying.  We sat out in the covered porch area, which was good because the inner section of the restaurant had a old, stale smell to it.  Otherwise the decor and ambience was fine - it is more of a place for older people, not trendy at all, which is fine by me.The food was meh.  The spring rolls were plain but fine.  My wife loved both the Thai beer and her coco-milk soup, however my pad thai was cloying sweet, without the acidic notes of tamarind or lemon.  It wasnt bad at all, but nothing special at all.  The service was fine, though the one waitress passed a few times to ask us if we wanted more beer even though our glasses were still over half-full.   It is hard to find in the shopping complex, not right on Providence Road as our GPS was telling us.If I need a quick Thai fix in the area I might do it again, but otherwise probably not.
3	We found this place on the GPS.  It's located in between the Fresh Market store.  It looked a little confusing on the way inside.  The atmosphere was quiet but lots of families inside.  The waiter (older gentlemen) was very helpful and charming.  The waitress was helpful in helping us pick out our order and to our personal taste. Beautiful Thai Costumes at the front of restaurant.Afterwards I wouldn't come back but it was just a bad order for me.  I ordered the Pad Thai but with beef for dinner.  I had always heard about pad thai while watching No Reservations and Food Channels. I decided with that.  My other choices would have been to try tuck or something with pineapples.  I ask the waitress for mild flavoring but nothing mild was on my plate.  The food arrived got but became room temperature really fast probably because i had mostly noodles.  The pag thai tasted like literally peanut butter and jelly.  I was hard to think of my food as anything else but a mix of PB&J (jelly: apple flavor).  My mom had originally a vegetarian plate with beef added.  It was good and very flavorful.  My dad had braised shrimp (with sauce) and broccoli. And a thai egg drop soup. Not bad.I would consider trying it again.  Afterall it's rated as a top 10 restaurant in Charlotte.  After looking at the photos, I would pick from there for the first visit.  I wish I had Yelped before I can inside but my phone's battery was low!See pictures posted by me.
4	Great food in a sleepy setting. Don't come for the atmosphere...come for the consistently good thai food.
3	I eat here every week for lunch with a lunch group (their choice, not mine).  The lunch menu is changed weekly and always includes Pad Thai and a curry dish (number 4).  All can be made vegetarian.The lunch comes with a spring roll and soup.  I enjoy both.  My favorite meal is when number 4 is green curry with eggplant and green beans.  It is spicy- beware!The service can be hit or miss but I can easily order, eat and pay within 50 minutes.  As a parent, I have gotten quite good at scarfing down a meal...In the summer this restaurant is HOT.  And I don't mean hot as in crowded and covered with paparazzi, I mean they keep the AC at 78 degrees... sit in the main dining room rather than the sunnier side -room to keep from completely melting down- figuratively and literally.Sadly, the food has declined in quality.  What was once a 4 star establishment is now a 3 star restaurant.  Go get your curry on!
5	Excellent Thai Food, Service, and Atmosphere.  The pineapple fried rice with spring roll was delicious.  Number 32 with chicken was very tasty and spicy. The server and owner were very friendly and helpful with recommendations.
3	This is a very nice Thai restaurant and I would go back again.  Prices were decent, food was good and the service was pleasant and homey.  Its a lot better than the high end Thai places in downtown that aren't very authentic. Good eats!
3	Three stars. I had high hope coming here because a bunch of my friends have been dining here. I thought, if they keep coming it must be worth a try? Later I found out that they come here often more as a convenience because they live nearby...Anyway, to break it down, this place is on the expensive side, their portion is also rather small. I don't even think their food is that authentic or super flavorful, which is strange because Thai food is supposed to be pretty heavy on flavor. I do have to give them thumbs up for nice and courteous staffs, this does not come by often at Asian restaurants. They also have a patio like dining area that has glass panels, which I personally prefer because their inside lighting is VERY dark.
3	I down rated the restaurant to Two stars in a later update, don't know why this is still showing as a separate review --------------------------------Three and 1/2 starsThis small restaurant offers a traditional Thai menu at moderate prices. The main dining room is a bit cramped with paraphernalia but the other is a pleasant sun-room that looks into a courtyard.We ordered Pad Thai, one of the 5 lunch specials - all under $8 with soup and spring roll - and from the dinner menu  Thum Yun  soup ($4) and Curry Duck ($15)The soup that came with the lunch was a clear vegetable broth w scallions and maybe cucumber? I have nothing to compare it to but this bland soup is not my cup of tea. Not bad, just boring. The Tum Yum soup was ok, it probably would be welcomed on a cold day but it was a bit crude rendition, without galanga or fresh lemongrass, only a little dry lemongrass sunk at the bottom. Honestly I've had much better. 2 1/2 starsThe Pad Thai was great, one of the better ones I've had - even the chicken bits were savory- and quite a generous serving especially considering the price. 4 starsThe duck was prepared in red curry with coconut cream, chili and basil. The flavors were a lot more subtle (not bland) that I expected from the description, sweeter too. I admit that I was looking for more punch but this dish tasted very, very nice. The meat consisted of boneless bits of roasted duck, not as crisp as fried duck but crispy enough. I think the chef had expertly extracted the meat all the way to the bone, it tasted as good as bone-in and there were a few small slices of crispy skin thrown in, delicious!  The only complaint is there was maybe 1/4 of a duck? To be fair they charge less than the competition, but still I'm deducting 1/2 a star:  3 1/2 starsWe will definitely have lunch there again -probably as soon as next week - and I'll stick with the specials.
2	Thai Orchid is an OK Thai restaurant.  The lunch specials are moderately priced and small enough for you to not want to take a nap right after eating.  I mainly get the Pad Thai when I visit because it's usually the 1 out of 4 dishes I recognize on the menu.  I've had better, but it's decent. Today I was happy to see that they had Pad Prik King (or Pad Prig King depending on the restaurant) on their lunch menu today so that is what I ordered.  Next to the item it indicated it was of medium heat (spice wise) and I was fine with that because I can tolerate some pretty good heat.  When it came in front of me I was happy to dive in!  My first bite started off with a good flavor....until about 3 seconds later when the heat hit.  Holy moly, it was so hot I almost started to cry right in front of my co-workers!  I thought maybe I picked up a Thai Chili by accident in that bite, so I drank some water and had some plain rice to cool down the fire and tried again....MISTAKE!  I couldn't believe how spicy it was!  I couldn't even eat the spring roll that comes with the lunch because the heat (temperature) from the spring roll was only making it worse!  I asked a co-worker to try it just to make sure for some reason that my tolerance for spice today wasn't lowered, but he couldn't eat it as well!  He can sit in front of me and eat a raw jalapeno seeds and all and not even flitch and he couldn't stomach this dish.  I've ordered the Pad Prik King for dinner once and definitely know that it wasn't nearly as spicy as it was today!  It was actually quite tasty and that was why I was excited to see it as a lunch special.Usually Thai Orchid is ok, especially for a quick lunch and it's proximity from our office, but I really can't see myself coming back here.  Next time I'll stick with what I know and travel a little further to my favorite Thai restaurant in the Dil'!
2	Considering our previous experience this lunch was as unexpected as it was disappointing. As mentioned before the lunch menu only offered 5 dishes to chose from , and no choice of protein. Since we didn't want beef stir fry the choices were chicken or chicken. The soup was clear broth of chicken with rice. Not bad tasting mind you but tame enough for a senior assisted living facility. I'm not a fan of spring rolls but I thought the one I was  served tasted simply bad. We ordered medium hot Kan Dang  chicken : red curry, bamboo shoots, peas.It wasn't even remotely hot and besides there was little there, there. A few shreds of chicken and little else.  Not bad, but not very good either2 starsA dish of  large flat rice noodles, chicken mushrooms, peppers,onions, cabbage whose name escapes me. Again no heat at all. The ingredients made for an ok dish but it was dull tasting, made me think more of reheated Chinese take out than of Thai.It's hard to believe this is the same restaurant we ate at last month. As if the chef had told the help: "you'll find the lunches in the freezer, everything is labeled" and left on vacation.
4	I was surprised that I'd not discovered this sooner. I've been here twice so far and both times have not been disappointed. I'd recommend that if you like it spicy, to tell them (I ordered a dish with two peppers beside it and it was not that spicy - we fixed that on the second visit). The thai iced tea was delicious, and the tofu cubes nice and crisp withe the vegetable dishes I ordered. Love this place.
5	Love it here! Pad thai is awesome and my wife loves the red curry. I recommend those two items highly. The owner is a great guy and I guarantee you'll enjoy your evening there.
2	We just moved to Charlotte and have been looking for a place with great Thai food. This place is not for you. It took over 30 minutes to get our noodle dish and over 15 minutes to get our check once we asked for it. They do a lot of to-go business and the dine in people are the ones that suffer. I am only giving 2 stars because I feel bad giving one star.
2	Even the Pad Thai which had tasted great on our first visit now it's not so good. Maybe the chef only works dinners because like on our last visit the food tasted reheated. In fact the sprouts and vegetables were totally limp as if they had the life zapped out of them by the microwave and the dish tasted kind of boring. I won't be back.
5	My wife and I have been wanting to try this place a couple of years now, finally did last night, were not disappointed! Everything we tried was excellent. We had the Mee Krob appetizer (lettuce wraps)
4	I went to this place again last night and as always I am amazed. I love the location of this place it's nestled in the shopping center in the  shopping center where Fresh Market is located. The setting is very intimate and the decor is fantastic! For my appetizer I ordered the Thai Orchid Spring Rolls the rolls were crispy and delicious and came with a phenomenal peanut sauce. As my entree I ordered the vegetarian Pad Prik King with tofu and it was amazing I requested them to make it spicy and they were able to accomplish that! The dish was full of wonderful veggies in a creamy coconut curry sauce the dish came with rice! Normally I get the pad thai but decided to try something different and I was not disappointed! I would definitely recommend this place the staff is also very knowledgeable about the menu and very friendly the prices here are also fairly reasonable!!!
5	Dropped in for lunch and definitely will be back. Nestled in between the shops and restaurants in the center, it may be hard to find for a first timer. Warmly welcomed by the guy at the register, invited us to have a seat in the 'indoor' patio area which was quite nice.The selections are typical for Thai food in the America but some I have never seen before or heard of. Straying away from the norm, I opted for a lunch dish chosen pretty much by closing my eyes and picking.They were pretty fast at getting the food out and the dishes did not disappoint.  I wish I was closer or I'd come here more often. Definitely a must do if you are nearby and hungry for some Thai.
5	Best best Thai I've found in charlotte. The atmosphere is welcoming and friendly. And the food very flavor filled. Order #32 with a fried egg added and you cannot go wrong.
1	The quality of the food and the service has decreased SIGNIFICANTLY since the original owners sold the restaurant and moved back to Thailand. The new owners are stingy with their portions and the quality of the food sucks! I had been eating there for years but will never go back again. The service this last time was the worst I've ever seen. My server was extremely rude @ it was the owner! I'm done with this place forever!
5	Delicious food, great service! Our food was very fresh and hot when it arrived at our table. The wait staff were very friendly and very attentive. Thank you for a pleasant dining experience, we will return.
2	I bought a Livingsocial deal for Thai Orchid. It was a disappointment going to Thai Orchid. It was toally different than what I expected it would be.  This place have the pan fried noodle and it is very rare for restaurants to make the pan fried noodle right. The pan friend noodle was plain taste and nothing special. The noodle soup was bland taste. The vegetable they used in the noodles were cheap. Bunch of cheap onions and baby corn. There were big slice onions not thin onions.The wait staff was nice but honestly the food wasn't good.
4	Thai Orchid is a great dinner option in the SouthPark neighborhood. My husband had the Pad Thai and reported that it was the best in town, but not the best ever. I had the red curry. It had a nice slow heat and a good mix of veggies. Portions were of a good size, and the price was fair for the neighborhood.When we visited, the restaurant was busy, but we were serviced in a timely manner. The wait staff were friendly and attentive. The ambiance is cozy and welcoming, but also feels private and not like you are sitting on top of the next table. Oh, and I really liked the wallpaper, which I realize is kind of a strange thing to say about a restaurant.
5	4.5 Stars, rounded up to 5 because of their sublime Pad Thai!Let me cut to the chase, the Pad Thai here is the best I've had in Charlotte! PERFECT blend of Sweet Heat, fish sauce, spices and herbs. Very tasty and perfectly cooked noodles made this a delectable dish!Also got their Beef Basil Stir Fry which was outstanding, and a Thai Omelet with a red tomato based sauce with chicken and veggies.The little Thai waitress was adorable, friendly and attentive. I actually had my FIRST Thai red wine...and it was pretty good! Had NO idea what I was drinking but it sure was tasty!This is a small restaurant but I came early before it got crowded. This place has been in business for at least 15 years and apparently it has survived in the very competitive food scene for a reason: Their food is EXCELLENT! And not too hard on the wallet either.Highly recommended!
4	Hands down one of my favorite place to go for pad thai!! Their curry dish here is good as well. The only issue I have w/ this place is the slow service. Sometimes its really bad and if you get something spicy, be prepare to not have your water refill quickly enough!
5	This is my favorite Thai place in the world!  The food, service, and wine menu are great.  Ask for the owner Ed if it is not on the menu he will have the chef make it for you.  Additionally, tell them to bring on the spice they love a challenge.  A must eat place while visiting Charlotte.
