3	I wanted to try something different with my hair style for a date night and googled blow dry bars in the Phoenix area. I came across a few options but felt Drybar would be a good introduction for me. The Scottsdale location was completely booked for the day I wanted to go so I booked an appointment online for the Phoenix location. I walked inside and was greeted several times by two receptionists and a door greeter. I was even offered a complimentary beverage of water, champagne or wine. I thought that was a unique and fun touch! I stuck with water, where they have 2 options a citrus and cucumber water. Even though I had an appointment, I still waited about 15 minutes. The decor of Drybar was very cute, lots of yellow and very clean. It was fun to see all the people inside getting their hair done while drinking a mimosa. Very girly and very loud music inside. They also have a couple TV's on and was able to watch a movie too. Once I got called, I was lead to the back where they wash your hair. The girl who washed my hair didn't seem very confident in what she was doing...she asked me how I wanted my hair washed and if I wanted conditioner throughout my hair. I have never been asked those questions before when getting my hair professionally done. I then was taken to a chair and another girl actually blow dryed and did my hair. They give you an options book with pictures of the styles they provide. I opted for a polished loose curly look (The Cosmopolitan). They also have straight and sleek styles, different curled styles and updo's. For $35 and tip, I did have a good time. However, I really don't think my hair looked any different or better than me washing and curling from home. It was nice to have someone play with my hair for an hour but not really liking the $35 price tag. They do have options for memberships and bartabs, which provide discounts if you plan to go often. I think I would come back with a gilfriend to have a nice time but not something I can afford to do often.Overall, I did like the place just a little too expensive and not enough wow-factor from my hair style.
4	I went to get my long, very thick, very curly hair blown out for a formal event.  I just couldn't muster up the energy and shoulder strength that it takes to do it myself.  They schedule 40-45 minute appointments-- mine took nearly an hour longer (yes, as in almost 2 hours) but my hair was blown out really well.  I appreciate that they took the time to do it right vs fit it into the allotted time.  My only complaint is that the curl fell out really fast.  I should know that flat iron curls never hold in my hair and asked him to them with a curling iron, but it still looked great straight with a slight wave for the event, and stayed straight through the night.  I expect to get several days out of it.
4	I loved this place! I've had my hair blow out several times and I honestly can't get enough!
5	My first time at Dry Bar. Didn't know what to expect. But with complimentary drinks and cookies I was sold. They had iPhone chargers at each station which is critical for me. Leah did my hair and usually I go nowhere but to my usual girl because I have curly hair but she did a fantastic job and I will be back!
4	So happy that DryBar opened a Central Phoenix location! Fun atmosphere, great customer service and high quality blowouts...pretty much an exact replica of the North Scottsdale location but at a much more convenient location for me.Took my sister-in-law here for a birthday treat. We were greeted by a friendly hostess and they accommodated our request to sit next to each other as we enjoyed our blowouts and mimosas. Great idea and great brand. Will definitely be back again for a special occasion 'do.
5	I really love DryBar and am thrilled at the central Phoenix location. I am also happy to say that the experience was consistent with the North Scottsdale location. I purchased a Groupon recently and scheduled my appt online (love the ability to schedule appts online). My groupon included the blowout and 10 minute scalp massage (called a floater). Peggy gave me a heavenly scalp massage that I actually think I started to doze off with. Awkward! Since I have coarse, curly hair, I always go with the "Manhattan" which is straight and sleek. My hair never looks as good as when it is done at Drybar. It is silky, soft and super straight. The thing that sets Drybar apart from other blow dry bars I have been to in the Valley is the free glass of wine or mimosa, cookies at the front, a chick flick to watch during your blowout and no charge for the flat ironing of your hair! Considering that all of the blow dry bars (including Drybar) charge $35 for the blowout, you get alot more for your Drybar experience.
4	I love the Drybar at the Scottsdale Quarter, so when I saw a Groupon for the new Phoenix location, I bought it right away. The salon was very busy but I was seen right away. I received my champagne promptly and went to the washing station. The Groupon was good for a 10 minute floater (scalp massage), but I can't imagine mine was for more than 5 minutes. It was a nice bonus, but not something I'd pay for myself next time I visit. I have simple, short hair, so my blowout was pretty quick. The woman who did my hair did a great job of listening to what I wanted and was a lot of fun to talk to. I was in and out within 40 minutes. It only lasted about a day, so that was a bummer, but my hair stayed clean and fresh for four. Drybar is a step above other blow dry bars in the area - I highly recommend!
5	I'm a huge fan of the Drybar "chain" and love the Sunset location.  I was happy to see that they have set up shop in both Scottsdale and Phoenix, and have been to both locations recently.What I really like about Drybar is that you can pretty much guarantee that the staff has been well trained in the Drybar way, and for the most part, you get a pretty great blow out no matter which location you choose.Today I was seen by Sarah (at the Phoenix spot) who did an awesome job!  She knew exactly what I was asking for, and not only did she do a great job, but she was quick and careful.  I liked her attitude, as she was friendly and happy to be there.  The girl who checked me in was very pleasant as well and I did not have to wait past my appointment time to be seen.As usual, the decor is beautiful and I really love that there is a window in the back where you get your hair washed.  It really opens the space.Another plus - parking is a breeze since it's in a huge shopping area.  If you live in Phoenix and love blow outs, you have to try this Drybar!
1	I had purchased the Groupon for the Phoenix location as a treat for my birthday trip to Arizona. I had heard great things about the experience so I was very much looking forward to treating myself! However, when I called to make an appointment, the call center staff was rude and impatient once I informed them I had a Groupon. They told me I was unable to use it during the one day I had available in town. When I asked if it was possible to make any sort of arrangement, she cut me off and told me no and that if she even tried she would get in trouble. She then asked me if I wanted to book the appointment and pay for it without the Groupon--I understand her wanting to try to "make the sale", but I felt it somewhat inappropriate to ask someone who has already paid for a voucher ($20) to make an appointment with a payment of another $45 plus tip. Needless to say, the guest service is severely lacking and I don't know that I'd be willing to give DryBar another chance.
5	As a person who has no idea how to do my own hair, I have been forced to go to countless salons every time that I have an event to attend where I need to look presentable.   I end up doing this about once a month - so I have quite a large basis for comparison - and I have never been so pleased as I was with my blowout yesterday.   I got it done at 1 PM and looked good through the entire evening.  Also, Alexis, the receptionist was super friendly and helpful in terms of figuring out exactly what I wanted and my stylist, Sarah, made it happen.  It was like magic.   I'm going to come to drybar from now on.....no need to keep trying other places.  :)  Highly recommend!
4	I purchased the introductory groupon they offered a few weeks ago, and was hesitant at first because I haven't had the greatest experiences using groupons.  I was pleasantly surprised.I did look at some of the bad yelp reviews before going in, which made me nervous! So for those of you that only look at bad reviews, I hope you see this one and have a little more hope.I had a stylist named Annie, she had pink hair.  Super friendly, and really appeared to want to get my style right.  Since I had read bad reviews before coming in about stylists not listening to the customer when they asked for the curling iron to be used for better curl, I was concerned she would do the same.  But, I let her know I was looking for good curl, and with thin/straight hair, it can be tricky to achieve.  She attempted to curl with just the round brush and hair dryer first, and when she was "impressed by her curling abilities with a round brush," she was "equally impressed with my hair's inability to hold a curl." So she broke out the curling iron!We made great small talk, and I let her know I would be back in a month when I go out to celebrate my birthday.The salon is a fun, well-decorated environment.  It was pretty loud with the hair dryers going, but not terrible.  The less than perfect rating was that I saw people with mimosas/champagne, and while I had been offered something to drink, I figured I could just choose water or coffee, as that is usually is what at hair salons, I wasn't informed of my choices by the front desk staff.  Now I know for next time to ask for some bubbly!Another good tip is to plan for longer than 45 minutes if you are planning to do a style with curls.  While I got started on my appointment about 5-10 minutes late, I was there for 1 hour (and I dont have super long, thick hair that takes a great deal of time).I will be back in January for my 25th birthday night!
4	I've visited this location twice now.  My first experience was less than stellar, but the Dry Bar more than made up for it.  Great customer service.  My hair has always looked fantastic after my blow drys.  On New Year's Eve, Anthony was my stylist.  He is super friendly and a great stylist.  I will be back next weekend for the HBO promo!
4	Great first experience at a blow-out bar!
4	Me likey!  The Dry Bar is a girl-on-the-go's dream!  Atmosphere is beautiful, modern and fun - music is blasting (not annoyingly loud), movies playing and a load of trashy gossip magazines.  It's super simple to choose you style and get it done.  I loved the smell of their products and I really dug the concept.  In addition, they offer package deals to help the busy gal save money if she plans on dropping by frequently.  I could certainly see myself going back and maybe often enough to buy one of their packages.  P.S.  They are great at merchandising - buy your hairdryer, brush, products, accessories or gourmet snacks.  LOVE!
5	So if you are one of those girls who isnt really girlie and never really figured out how to style your hair, then this place is for you!!! Ive been twice now  in the past month and have had great experiences each time! ALSO my hair is very thick and straight and NEVER keeps a curl, well the people working here are masters and my hair stays styled for at least 2-3 days afterward! I love the atmosphere and just how dang adorable it is in there! I had to use the bathroom yesterday and was such a pretty bathroom, I had bathroom envy big time! I will for sure keep going back for all my blow out needs!
2	Both times that I've gone to Drybar I leave with my hair looking pretty good, but an hour later the curls have fallen out and my hair has gone flat.
2	So I thought the beauty of the Drybar was that you could walk in and get your hair done. Nope, apparently you have to book an appointment well in advance (which is something I could do with my regular stylist). I went last weekend, and this place was wall-to-wall with bookings. Really frustrating. Why don't they have a "floater" stylist who can take walk-ins? There are certainly enough hairstylists out there who need jobs. I just can't understand why so many businesses aren't business people. They never seem to see the need and fill it.
4	So thank you Drybar for resolving my issue by allowing me to try you again. It was very responsive and generous. My stylist was personable and did a great job.
5	I've been going to this Drybar for the past few months.  I love it so much I drive 60 miles round trip for a blowout.  They are very friend and the salon is super cute.  Best of all, my blowout lasts for days and my hair is super soft.  Considering my hair is normally very straight, I'm thrilled the curl can hold and my hair stays soft.  Daysha is the best!
1	DO NOT GO IF YOU HAVE EXTENSIONS!  This girl tossed my hair so much while shampooing it got so tangled and matted. Then even after I mentioned "why don't you just use a detangler" she ripped through my hair with a brush pulling and tugging! She even pulled out like 4 of my extensions! I have the plastic tube extensions (shrinkies) too so they're very easy to wash and style.
5	An afforable luxury that every woman can enjoy! I had seen Drybar in NYC and had been wanting to go. I purchased a groupon deal and could not be happier. The decor is lovely, so cute & adorable! As soon as I walked in I was greated with a warm smile and offered a mimosa.... HEAVEN. My blowout was great and I will deff be returning!!
5	We moved to the Phoenix area about 3 months ago and I signed up for Groupon deals in the area.  Drybar ran a special for a blow out for only $22 instead of the normal (and not bad on its own price) $35.  Stevie was phenomenal!  I loved every second of being there - from the decor to the nice staff, there was nothing to complain about at this place.  Go there.  You won't regret it.
5	I'd give them ten stars if I could.I just had a really great experience here.  I arrived 30 minutes early on accident and they took me back right away.  The manager at the front desk (Jessica?) was very warm and welcoming.  As long as she was around, there wasn't a dry mouth in the house, she kept everyone's beverage full and the store immaculate.  Brittany hooked up my do, I'm positive that I would not have had such a great experience had it not been for her.  She was a total sweetheart and kept me informed step by step on what she was doing to my hair and gave me tips on how to do it myself.  She handed me a look book with about 8 different hairstyles and had me pick one.  Even though I got the "belle" she still incorporated a "mai tai" and the "cosmopolitan" into my do.  The end result was a gorgeous bounty of curls.  I'm not going to lie, I rocked that hairdo all weekend.
5	Had a Groupon for the $22 blow-out and went in on Sunday & had a fabulous experience. As soon as I walked in I was greeted warmly and immediately offered a beverage.  The salon is well decorated and very clean.  They had "Some Like It Hot" playing on the TV which was great to watch while getting my blow-out; one of my fave movies.  My stylist Megan was great and very friendly.  Everyone in this place always had a smile on.  My hair felt 10lbs lighter afterwards and it was so soft!  I will definitely be back and am considering becoming a member.  So happy I found this place!
5	Arguably one of the better dry bars I have been to - My stylist was Katie who was adorable and knew exactly what I wanted and was able to make my hair dream a reality! Love going there and watching the girly movies on TV , getting pampered and leaving looking great and ready for a night on the town!
4	I've heard so many good things about this place I decided to check it out! I had a fun night out planned and scheduled an appt 1.5hrs before I was meeting up with my friends. What an amazing idea!!!! Never will I ever do my own hair again! Walked in with my makeup and outfit on and walked out with great hair! This place is seriously icing on the cake to complete your look! My stylist nailed the style I was looking for, everyone was super friendly as well.Side note.... I was really looking forward to an adult beverage while getting styled but was never offered anything?? Maybe I misunderstood other reviews on that?? Would have been a nice touch on my overall experience!I will definitely be back!!!
4	Definitely loved Drybar. Enjoy a mimosa or a glass of champagne while your stylist makes your hair look flawless. The counter tops also include phone charging docks, so you can recharge your phone while you revamp your look. There's a complete 'menu' of hair styles. I did the Mai Tai, but every look I saw was fresh and beautiful. I took a bachelorette party here and everyone instantly fell in love.
5	Always a 5 at this Drybar! What's not to love about a complete girly place decked in yellow and white where you are pampered from enter to blow to finish ? I've been to Drybar in other parts of the US when I just don't want to primp and even attempt to get my long locks complete and in place for hours ... Enter the talent of Drybar ! I've never waited past my appointment time and I love that you can book from your phone via a Drybar app! This is by far my favorite Drybar in the west coast region. On NYE my bestie and I went early to start our pre-New Years Pregaming early. In our yoga pants and ski beanies we showed up looking less than 'fly'. You are offered cold beverages of your liking ! Anything !! I mean that!!! We stuck with our nonfat Capps from next door and cucumber infused waters to keep our faces de-puffy for later! Cookies are there... Another no to that . But what a treat if you want or need a sweet ! Within about an hour we both left with long , luscious locks (Cosmo and Mai Tai blown) that lasted well into the wee hours past the toll of midnight at our NYE masquerade party! Because that's how buttered Drybar girls roll! Thank you Alli Webb for creating this concept of blow dry and pampering the locks of us spoiled ones! It's a treat forMy little girl and her friends too, btw! Products available there but no pressure or upselling. This is not a typical 'salon' experience. It's unique and def a girls day, fun day for special nights or days out!
2	I've been here twice now, each time with blah results.  Both times I've had young-ish stylists that did not seem to know how to  style curly hair. I blow dry my hair twice a week, styled straight, and it takes me less than 15 minutes plus a quick run through the top layer with a flat iron. I'm bewildered as to how it can take someone over 45 minutes here, and leave me with a frizzy 1950s prom look. I did see several other stylists with clients that left looking amazing. I asked for one of their names ( Chanel) and would not go back here unless you had a name/ referral of a stylist.
5	I love this place!!! Honestly, I was a bit scared going in because I was unsure how this was going to turn out. I have natural kinky/curly hair, and I really thought this was going to be a bust, but was praying it would turn out alright. I went up to Phoenix for my anniversary and let me tell you- if I lived closer I would be in there at least twice a month! The entire experience from the moment I walked in to the moment I walked out was fantastic. The receptionists welcome you with great big smiles and you can tell that they love their job. The stylists are all so happy and helpful. Now, my curls did fall but that was my fault (I really need to learn how to pin curl my hair), but I would highly recommend at least giving it a try!!
5	Thank you Drybar Phoenix again! We cannot get enough of Drybar's professional, friendly and caring staff. We walk out happy and feeling beautiful every time!Thank you Danielle and the whole front desk staff! Thank you to Anthony and Alex for styling my mom's and my hair so beautifully!We will be back!
4	I have been wanting to try Drybar forever! So, when a friend was getting married on a Thursday, I figured it would be the perfect opportunity. Whoever booked my appointment over the phone was fabulous. She was so friendly, answered all of my questions, and got me in exactly when I needed to.I arrived a few minutes early, not knowing what to expect. I waited a few minutes and was taken back promptly for my appointment with Katie. I explained to her I wasn't really sure what I wanted, but that it needed to be quick. I also hadn't washed my hair since Monday in preparation for a possible Uptini, which is what my appointment was scheduled for. I showed her a few pictures on Pinterest, she gave her professional opinion, we agreed on a style and she went to work. Now, this is important: My hair was done in a half hour. A HALF HOUR!! She was super fast and it looked great. I had planned on being there for at least 1.5 hours. If you need a quick updo, book with Katie. You will not regret it. Everyone was friendly, it was clean, not too crazy busy, and they had The Devil Wears Prada playing. So fun! I'd love to try this with my girlfriends one day. The only reason I am giving this 4 stars is because there was literally no conversation during my appointment. I wasn't sure if I caught Katie on a bad day or if she was just in a super hurry to get me in and out like I asked. I just kind of felt like she was annoyed with me, I hope she wasn't!!I'll definitely be back.
1	Never going here again. I want my money back. Let me preface this with my hair style: Length: about 6 inches past my shoulders Color: BlondeType: Dry, Fine (but a lot of hair, still!)I sit down with my citrus infused water and a lemon cookie and my stylist (whose name I can't remember for the life of me) asks me what I want. I say I want my hair to be big and super curly. I asked if that was possible. She said anything was possible, she's from Jersey. She washes my hair along side my two best friends. We are listening to Sweet Caroline and personally, I love that song. My hairdresser did not, and she made a point to tell us that she hated the song every thirty seconds.  Mind her bad attitude, I was entranced by the scalp massage. We got back to the chair and I noticed that everyone was talking to their hairdressers. I figured I would attempt a conversation with my Jersey girl. This next part is what made me give a 1 star review and an angry tweet: Me: How is your day?Hair Dresser: Don't ask me that. Don't ask anyone here that. Me: Oh. I wish I could have bolded that section. She then goes on to tell me that she just quit smoking. Great. After blow drying my hair she started curling it. Personally, I curl my hair all the time and it's extremely easy to curl! It will hold shape for two days. Unfortunately, she couldn't get the curl to hold and then realized it wasn't plugged in. So she re-brushed and hair sprayed my hair. She curled it again with another, smaller, iron. It looked ok, not great, and definitely not $50 worth, but fine. Then she is adjusting it and says, "I have to re-do this." She brushed out ALL of my hair and re-started. I don't know about you, but my hair doesn't work that way. I knew it was ruined. She finishes, stating, "I didn't care if you liked it before, I had to redo it because I didn't like it." HA! Last time I checked, it is the customer's hair, not yours. Within THIRTY minutes my hair was flat, I was on my way to an engagement party so I couldn't fix it, and it was straight the entire night. It literally looked like I hadn't washed it in two days. I was so mad. I still want my money back. I was told by the owner's twitter that I was going to be contacted and I still have yet to hear anything.
1	Short ethnic hair be warned!! Definitely not what I expected. Walked in and asked if they had the thin flat iron ( not a regular one ) since I have super short hair. They said they did...they didn't ( after my hair was washed) After they did my hair I noticed something was different but I was in such a rush. Once I looked in the mirror at home and compared pictures...I realized my hair was pulled so much with the brushes  my bangs are all split ends now and an inch shorter or more in some places. I can't even get my fingers through the top part of my hair anymore... Now I'm going to have to cut my hair down to a 2 inch length on top. Not a happy customer. Definitely would have expected the drybar to really take the time to look at a hair type and know what not to do. And if you can't do my hair... And it's breaking off ... Please tell me... I would rather know before my hair is done.
4	I went in for a wedding blowout and Brittney did a great job! The staff is super friendly and inviting. It was easy to make an appointment online, love! The reason for 4 stars: a travel size hairspray was $12! I know it didn't have to buy it but I guess I didn't realize until after I paid. If I feel the need to treat myself to a little treat I'll return. This is not something I would on the regular.
5	I went in to get my hair done the night BEFORE...yes, BEFORE...birthday festivities. I was so reluctant when my cousin introduced me to this idea (coming from a small town in Michigan, I was not exposed to this kind of glamour and pampering)! OMG, if you go, please request Tori (I think that was her name). My hair has never lasted more than 5 hours with quality curls...she was so efficient and got my curls to truly last! I followed her instructions of tying my hair up loosely in a scrunchy...and I felt like the most gorgeous thing when I got out of bed the next morning. Hallelujah, I'm pretty sure I've found a hairdresser I'll be able to trust for my wedding day...but first I need to find myself a man, any takers? ;)
4	I got an "uptini".  I enjoyed the service and was satisfied with how my hair turned out.  I really appreciated how kind and accommodating the staff was.  I was a bit pressed for time and needed to a place for my husband and me to change into different clothes after the service.  The staff was very accommodating by letting us use both restrooms to change.  I also was impressed by the front desk manager who noticed that my hair was not a full uptini (half updo)  and brought the price down fairly.  I really appreciated that and it made me want to come back for another updo :)
2	Went in yesterday for a blowout with my friend and should preface this by saying the hair did look very nice. However I'm giving this two stars because the salon estimates a 35 minute styling time. My friend has extremely long thick hair but the stylist didn't indicate it would be a problem or mention it would take significantly longer. At the 40 minute mark we mentioned that we had another appointment and were in a bit of a hurry and the stylist said it would be ten more minutes. Instead, the total time for the styling was an hour and ten minutes (twice as long as expected!) and we were twenty minutes late for our later appointment which was almost cancelled due to our tardiness and the entire day put behind schedule.
5	This place is a savior!! I have been addicted since the first opened in the Valley and I come typically once a week. I use the app to book my early AM appointments day of most of the time. I am always thrilled with the quality and consistency of the stylists.
5	I was having a bad hair day and wanted to get a blow out. Even though Drybar was a miss for me the first time, I decided to give it another chance (well after their grand opening). I was immediately greeted and asked if I wanted a beverage. My appointment began right on time. Brittany was my stylist and she was EXCELLENT! She clearly knew what she was doing- I appreciated that she told me every product that was going in my hair (permission granted first) and what the product would do. I also got the floater, which was a divine 10 minute scalp massage during my wash. It's $10 extra but so worth it! My appointment lasted an hour as I got my hair curled with a curling iron after it was blown out. She was a good salesperson because I also purchased the gold mine product, which helps with fly away's and serves as a leave in conditioner. She even showed me how the product works in her own hair...pretty cool! I connected well with Brittany and will ask for her again when I come back! Thanks Ali for reaching out to me after my first experience, customer service here is superb! I would recommend for a great experience and great hair!
5	This location is excellent,  I decided to try Drybar in Scottsdale, near where I live,  a while back and was really disappointed with  the quality of my shampoo and blow dry.  What a difference at the Phoenix location.  The staff was attentive,  courteous and took a genuine interest in my satisfaction.  My stylist knocked it out of the park!  My shampoo and condition were dynamite. She mixed up the perfect product concoction for my "ethnic" hair  and then proceeded to blow dry and flat iron to perfection! I couldn't be happier, even the next day I was singing her praises.  Wow, what a difference location makes, I will definitely be driving the extra miles down to Phoenix often!
5	I had a great experience at the Dry Bar on camelback Rd. Let me start off by complementing my stylist Tori , great atmosphere and a pleasant professional staff. She staarted out by giving me a wonderful shampoo with a scalp massage and a new style I was hesitant to try but loved it she also taught me the techniques so that I could do it while I was at home I definitely recommend you stopping by this fine establishment   thank you
5	I came back here last night for just a blowout before date night with my husband. It's miserably humid in AZ right now and I didn't want to even attempt doing my own hair. I booked online yesterday morning and to my surprise there were still some evening appointments available. I got there a few minutes early, and was greeted by Brittany promptly at 6 (my appt time) to get started.She was great. I loved our conversation. She asked what I was comfortable with as far as products in my hair and listened to what I wanted. I loved the way she shampooed my hair! So gentle, yet enough for it to be a blissful experience. I'll be adding a floater next time. I was out by 715. I have long, very think hair, so I anticipated it being a longer appointment. It wasn't too busy. The receptionist was a delight. I had such a better experience here than last time, which wasn't even that bad. My only complaint was that it felt really hot in the salon. And I know a blow dryer was on me for a good amount of time. But even before that, it felt extremely warm. But I will definitely be back!! Hoping to making this a weekly visit
5	Uhm can I just say....WOW. This place ROCKS, I have very VERY 4C thick curly African american hair and Eileen(I hope that's how you spell it) showed it who was boss with her blow dryer. It also helps that she's the ACTUAL boss of the whole place lol. From the minute I walked in, it was attentiveness and excellent care all the way(even though I'm pretty sure it was "you can't sit with us unless you vacation in the hamptons or own 6 chanel bags" day for the customers). I felt very comfortable and welcomed by the stylists, despite the rats nest on my head. They were very patient with me and I really appreciate the time they spent making me look fabulous. I left with my hair completely bone straight, which is rare for me. Would DEFINATELY recommend this place!!
1	I will not be returning to Drybar Phoenix if I decide to return to Drybar at all.  I decided to make an appointment today to treat myself on my birthday.  I had a terrible experience.  I was ignored at check in (the girl was chatting with her friend) and when I was finally checked in, I was not offered tea or water.  i told the girl who did my hair, Joy, that I wanted beach waves with a tight hold.  She blew out my hair very sloppy and told me she was finished.  I asked for more curl which also was done very sloppy.  I had to ask for hairspray at the end which she barely applied.  By the time I got home (a mere 15 minutes later), all of my curls had fallen out.  There goes $40 down the drain.  Joy hardly spoke to me during my appointment (only once to tell me she HATED the movie that was about to play).  I noticed all of the other customers had tea, water, or lemonade and all of their stylists were talking to them and making them feel welcome.  I was never offered something to drink, unlike the other times I have been to this Drybar and was ignored by my stylist.  I noticed that all of the other customers were very obviously wealthy.  I am young and do not dress like I am wealthy, because I am not.  I truly believe this is why I was treated so poorly at Drybar Phoenix today.  I will never return to this salon.  I left with bad hair and feeling awful about myself - on my birthday! Drybar Phoenix needs to speak to its' employees about customer service and not making people feel "less than".
4	First time ever gong to a blow dry bar. Bought a Groupon last minute. First off, no alcohol haha apparently they can't serve it anymore, oh well. It was still an amazing experience. It may seem like such a simple thing, they wash and style your hair, but it's such an indulgence. Had my hair curled, can't remember what it was called, but came out really nice. Won't be my last time at a drybar!
2	Really upsetting experience. The stylist spent maybe a total of 15 minutes on my hair, rushed me through and it looked like a helmet. She was terrible. I have had better blow outs from a Regis walk in salon.
4	Heard from management of Drybar about my problem and it was solved instantly. Appreciate the quality customer service and acknowledging mistakes. Kind words from management and apologies restore my faith in Drybar Phoenix!
5	Always love getting pampered by the dry bar. The staff is super friendly and hospitable, environment is fun and entertaining, fab music and chick flick rotation with subtitles, because duh blow dryers. If you want to get your fancy on and paint the town make this your first stop!
2	I am a huge fan of Drybar where I live in the east coast, and I wanted to treat my Mom to a blowout while I was home in Arizona for the holidays. Rather than having a special experience, however, we felt like we were inconveniencing the staff. Neither one of us had an actual stylist do our blowouts. Instead, the managers both attended to us after we had been waiting for over 20 minutes past our appointment time (and we had checked in at least 15 minutes before the scheduled appointment time). My mother's appointment started off with a stylist, but she literally walked away without saying anything and then a manager came and took over letting us know that the stylist was "sick" (we later saw her attending to another client). Because of the change in stylists, my mother did not have any product put in her hair and because she had never been to a drybar before, she didn't know to ask for any. As a result her blowout did not last. Perhaps I could understand the stylist changing mid-blowout if my mom was being rude, however, my mom was exhausted at that point and wasn't really talking - just trying to enjoy the experience. While the managers were lovely (and the gal who performed my blowout was 7 months pregnant so extra props to her for standing at that point) and made us look beautiful, it wasn't the special experience I was hoping for or have come to expect from Drybar and made what was supposed to be a fun afternoon anything but that.
4	Very much like the Drybar in Brentwood. The decor is standard, with their pale grey and yellow decorations. Staff are friendly and very talented. I was in and out in about 40 min. I highly recommend coming here when you need your hair styled for an event!
1	I'm a frequent customer to DryBar San Diego, and I've never had a problem with my blow outs. However, what I thought was going to be a lovely and thorough blow out ended up being done poorly. I have thick hair, and I feel as if the girl didn't do a great job wasting my hair. She was able to get the tangles out of my hair, but then I think she actually forgot to dry my hair since it was still damp when I left the store. In fact, I had to ask her to go back and dry the crown of my head. Her response was that it is dry, and my hair was just cool. Interesting... Anyway, as an avid DryBar junkie, not sure I will head back to Scottsdale DryBar. Sad.
