4	Sometimes price is not as important as good customer service and dependability.  That was the case for me this evening.  My ever voracious printer was hungry for more ink, and it is very particular about what kind will be accepted and consumed.  Anything less than HP 901 will just be sniffed at and summarily rejected.So, after failing to find the needed ink upon my first try at an all-purpose store, I got back in my car and drove over to Office Depot on Durango.  Here I was reasonably sure that, although I might pay more, I would at least be likely to find the product I and my insatiable printer needed.  And I did!  Boxes of them!  Even the "XL" variety.  And, lo and behold, the printer inks this business establishment carried were even placed on metal shelves in a single location, and in correct numerical order!  And, while I was in the store, I was asked if I needed any help by different friendly employees not one or two times, but THREE!  I didn't actually need any help, but it was nice to know that it was readily available if I did.  The store is clean and well organized as to how various types of office supplies are arranged.  And, I have previously purchased two matching leather desk chairs here that employees assembled (With my very limited mechanical skills, I would never be foolish enough to attempt this myself!) and willingly wrestled into my car on two separate occasions for transport home.  The well-used chairs are still holding up nicely.    Once again my go-to office supply store did not let me down when it counted.
5	I had a print job that would make or break an awesome deal, they fixed it printed it and I was a rockstar!!! Sergio, who works there, has been so wonderful to us making sure we are taken care of and when something we need goes on special he calls me. They really are spectacular and the customer service is top shelf. Sergio is still there and just the other day we spent another 245.00 with his help. We have purchased 3 computers there, 2 office desks, tons of software I cannot even remember it all, thank you Sergio!!! Great customer service, we will keep coming over to you!!Oh yeah and they will even look for lower prices and match it for you if you ask!!!
5	I went here for school supplies..took coupon i just got in the mail (it was early) they still honored it...I got out of there very cheap and with out all the people...I will do this every year!!!! Staff was helpful....no stress.....so may colors of everything to choose from...kind of fun doing this with my 9 year old!
3	It's office depot, nothing spectacular here. The customer service is really good. I came here to get printer ink, and they have a huge selection. You're pretty much guaranteed to find all your office supplies in one location here.
5	Needed an odd piece for the company I work for. Went to Office Depot and explained I saw the price lower and they price matched for me. Over and beyond customer service, you've earned my business
4	I've been going here for years, because I was a frequent Ebayer seller. Their customer service is excellent and they ship USPS,UPS, and FedEx.
4	I went in to have my laptop looked at. I was asked if I needed help right away and Nick was awesome. He fixed my problems easily and professionally. I will be returning with my husband's laptop for a full tune up.
3	Very clean store. I normally love Office Depot. However on this particular day the service was not to good. I walked around the entire store before someone finally greated me. I gave them 3 stars because they are usually pretty great on customer service.
1	This location is not capable of basic copy center functions. I had a simple copy job of 15 pages and I asked if they cut cut the pages in half, as the handout was two to a page. The kid told me it was $0.25 per cut and that it would cost $0.25 PER PAGE. I was like, "Don't you have an industrial paper cutter?" and the kid showed me a scrapbooking paper cutter and said that's what they used. My husband could SEE the industrial paper cutter behind the kid and pointed that out. The kid was like, "oh, um, I could try but if I mess up you'll have to pay for more copies." What? Then the kid told me he could probably cut four pages at a time on the scrapbook paper cutter. I spoke to the manager and she verified that they can only cut paper using the scrapbook paper cutter, even though they presumably are a professional copy center.
4	Friendly and knowledgable staff.
5	This store has extremely easy parking. Whenever I first enter the store, I am immediately greeted and the staff helps me find what I need. Last month, they did a price match with Amazon on a printer that was substantially cheaper without resistance or hesitation.  Based upon that experience, I ended up buying an additional printer (different model)  the next day at Office Max (which is now the same company) as a gift for someone.  This store will take coupons also with no difficulty.Two years ago, I bought a computer monitor and they allowed me to return it with no restocking fee just because I didn't like it.
5	On my latest jaunt here for teaching supplies, even though I could not access an Office Depot $20 off reward due to my failure to recall my password to retrieve the promised certificate, the store clerk graciously gave me the credit on my store purchases anyway.  I consider this to be exemplary customer service.  Accordingly, this location will continue to be my primary source for printer inks, copy paper, writing tablets, manila folders, pens, date books, staples, and other needed office, teaching, and writing supplies.
