5	I grew up with Red Lobster being the epitome of seafood dining.  We won't even get into the Joker's Wild crab leg buffet - my counselor advises against it.The thing about M&S is that they fly their food in fresh twice a day, and print a new menu twice a day to reflect their freshest selection.  Everything I've ever had has been delicious and I've sampled their bisques (creamy and rich), pasta dishes, filets - just about everything.  The quality is consistent and I've never once been disappointed.
5	I've been eating at McCormick & Schmick's restaurants for years in Portland, Manhattan Beach, and San Francisco.  Their fish is always fresh, the seasonings inventive, and the presentation professional.  When we were looking for a house in Las Vegas we stayed at the Residence Inn near this branch.  We must have eaten here four nights per week.  Now that we live a little farther out, we don't get here as often as we should, but we certainly talk about eating here a lot.This restaurant has a chef with a background in New Orleans dishes.  Not only do you get great fish, but also gumbo, etoufe, and remoulade.  Yesterday my husband and I were in the neighborhood and immediately made a beeline for M&S after dropping off some suitcases that needed repair.  He had the fried oysters and I had the crab cakes.  In most other places, crab cakes are a plebeian choice -- bready, bland, boring.  Here you have sweet shrimp and crabs with just enough breading to hold the cakes together and a toned down remoulade to spice it up.  There was nothing toned down about my pecan crusted catfish with remoulade.  Here the sauce was spicy, the fish crispy, and the green beans heavenly.  But I have to say my husband's scallops over truffled risotto was even better.  I had a hard time not stealing all the risotto off his plate.Even though we were perfectly content, when the very good waiter brought the dessert tray around, we had to try the vanilla mousse and berries in the almond crisp cup.  It was even better than it looked.  Why can't I get berries like this in the local grocery store?There is a lot to like at this restaurant, beautiful stained glass (in Vegas and seafood themes), a professional staff, and the best fish in Vegas.
4	We visited this restaurant 3 times over the course of two week vacation.  We could have walked to McCormick & Schmicks (M&S) on Hughes Center Drive, but it was way too hot outside so we made the 2 minute drive. This was our first visit and we were favorably impressed by both the dcor and hostesses' greeting.  We were escorted to a booth and shortly thereafter presented with menus.  According to the M&S website, at least 30 varieties of fresh fish are offered on the changing daily menu.  I counted the number of the menu and it totalled 33 this evening.   We started off with the seafood and roasted corn chowder which was not overly thick, but very good.  My wife ordered the black sesame crusted Pacific snapper served with a Thai chili sauce and coconut jasmine rice.  The fish was cooked to perfection - succulent and delicious.  I chose the artichoke crusted English sole which was accompanied by vegetable hash, jasmine rice and a mild spinach pesto sauce.  Again, the fish was perfectly prepared and delicious.  I used a $25 gift certificate printed off the M&S website and made reservations using Open Table.The hostess again greeted us with a a smile and escorted us to a booth.  I ordered the spicy (PEI) mussels in a chunky tomato sauce served over linguini.  My wife's entre was the coconut crusted mahi mahi accompanied by assorted vegetables and plain white rice.  We also shared an order of wilted baby spinach with mushrooms and shallots.  Every dish was cooked perfectly and each was tasty.  On our third visit we again were greeted warmly by the hostess and seated in a booth.  I  have been remiss in not previously mentioning the very good warm bread that is served at M&S.  Ms. Westie chose the fresh crab and shrimp cakes entre served with red pepper aioli.  My entre was pecan crusted catfish with Cajun remoulade sauce.  We also shared another order of baby spinach sauted with shallots and mushrooms.  Both entrees were delicious and each was accompanied by creamy mashed potatoes and crisp green beans.12/07 update - three more visits over our 2 week vacation:We arrived approximately an hour after our 7:15PM reservation, but were greeted with Happy Birthday wishes and seated in a booth as requested.  A bountiful mixed green salad with bleu cheese and candied walnuts in a light vinaigrette dressing was shared.  My wife's  entre was cashew crusted tilapia with Jamaican rum butter and tropical salsa which came with crisp green beans and white rice.  I ordered the pecan crusted catfish with Cajun remoulade sauce that was served with mashed potatoes plus a mix of crisp green and yellow beans.  Service was attentive and the food delicious.  I used a $25 gift certificate received after joining this chain's Preferred Guest program. We shared a spinach salad with fennel and cranberries tossed with a basil dressing that sounded much better than it tasted.  We each ordered the seafood fettucine - rock shrimp and bay scallops in a garlic cream sauce.  This dish was very tasty, but the bay scallops were the smallest I have ever seen.  We started off with the fried calamari appetizer with three sauces which were light and flavorful.  My wife ordered the swordfish "au povre" which was finished in a pomegranate demi glace, chanterlles, asparagus and a truffle potato cake. I ordered corvine devon port, similar to seabass,  which was roasted in pecan honey butter and accompanied by Brussel sprouts and fingerling potatoes. Both dishes were excellent though on returning home, I googled corvine devon port unsuccessfully.  We finished the meal by sharing a delicious gingerbread crme brulee.  The total bill pre tax and gratuity after deducting a $75 gift certificate came to 75 cents. After this meal you could have trussed me up because I was already stuffed.
5	It blew my mind just how many selections of fish they have on a daily basis.  So far, this is THE best place I've been for cooked fish in Vegas.
4	We ate here for Thanksgiving and we ate the turkey dinner that they offered. It was cheaper than the Strip. Apparently they don't fly their turkey in every day, but it was very tasty in spite of that fact.
2	reliable.mccormicks is what i consider as reliable.  they have a quality that you can relay on regardless of what city that you're in.  you'll definitely pay more that going to the mom and pop places on maryland, which is one street east of paradise.  however, you can always count on quality seafood and difficulty in finding a waiter at peak hours (like lunch and dinner).  you prices are roughly $20 on an entree and $50 for a three-course with drink per individual.  i've been to three other mcCormick & schmick's: downtown - los angeles, burbank, and el segundo.  each time, the quality is the same and prices may vary slightly.
4	This was another visit to this establishment and, as in past visits, was a pleasurable experience. Their service from host/hostess stand to final bill by server was a pleasure. The food selections are almost massive in quantity, the quality of those I have consumed have been well balanced with various spices/sauces. Wines are more than appropriate. Wait service is excellent, courteous, knowledgable of menu and it's items and worth the visit. It is one of the better "chain" types.
4	Went here with my mom, who has major food allergies.  The restaurant was very accommodating and my mom really enjoyed her meal.  I also had a restaurant.com coupon which lowered their prices a bit.  The service wasn't as good as I remember, but it was still perfectly acceptable.
3	Pricey yummy good food.   I've been another one in SoCal, I was in town with a group of friends passing though Vegas.  We wanted to go there since we were all very hungry for seafood, and it was in walking distance from where we where staying.   I ordered the Scallops and Shrimp Linguine with a white wine sauce, which was quite good.  The service was excellent as one would expect from McCormick & Schmick's.  The waiter was very knowledgeable with the food and gave an honest opinion.   Nice quiet atmosphere, nice place to take a date if you are willing to spend a little more money and want a quiet evening.  If you've worked up an appetite and are not looking for a quiet evening, spend a few more dollars and find a good buffet.
4	I'm starting to like the coupons from restaurant.com - picked up a $25 gift cert for only $2 a few weeks back for McCormick's.  I've happy hour'd at least 5-6 times at this location but never a sit down dinner.roomie went with the clam app, blackened catfish; I had the calamari,  the mixed grill and we shared a salad.  Everything was well prepared , the clams were incredible - a huge bowl for only $10 - the highlight for sure.  It's been awhile since i've had a blackened fish ( remember the heyday of blackened everything ?!? ) The mixed grill - decent ( the salmon a little overcooked ) - a bonus - it came with creme brulee for dessert .Next time i can get a $25 cert for $2, i will consider McCormick's again !Total cost  $64.
2	I must say M&S disappointed me on this occasion. This restaurant is set amonst what I call Vegas's "Restaurant Row". Set into the North end of Flamingo and Paradise Rd's, you find Bahama Breeze, Steak Houses, Moroccan Food, Sushi, you name it. M&S is supposed to fill in the upscale (no pun intended) Seafood option. It bleeds as it barely makes the cut. The feel of the place is very Vegas on the outside, the exterior of the building is very warm and restaurant like inviting, with Valet service as an option. Fancy huh? That's the end of that. Inside you find young attractive host/hostess that are busy chatting away at the entry, OLD servers walking around like "little baby elephants" to borrow a term from Gordon Ramsey. As with most troubled restaurants, the servers will DEFINITELY treat you with as much kindess as the price on your bill will sum up to. PERSONAL ACCT: Dec 30, 2008 - We are greeted by a giggling group of young adults at the door, and kindly directed to our seating, the restaurant was uncomfortably warm on the inside (faulty thermostat maybe?). Then our elderly server came to talk to the current specials of the day, making sure to go into long detail on the most expensive dish of the menu. I remember...Chilean Seabass off the coast, special licensing, supplying all M&S restaurants...IN MY HEAD AT THIS TIME: "Got It! Can we order now? And No, we won't be ordering that Thanks. Can we have some Water now?" The server acted very kindly and inviting at the start  THAT IS UNTIL we ordered a  plate we'd being sharing, some "Filtered Tap Water", and 1 glass of Wine to also share. From that moment on the service was crap, he jumped from table to table ignoring us, no water refills once we stared i.e. requested. The food: Fish perfect, Veggies perfect. Starch uhhh! Luke warm NO-SALT Lumpy Mashed Potatoes. We're from Portland where M&S got their start, I'd recommend any M&S in the Portland area but definitely NOT the one is Vegas unless it gets a staff overhaul.
4	Brought a group of colleagues and clients to M&S for a business dinner.  Probably totalled about 20 of us or so.  Having been to M&S's before I knew what to expect and figured they could handle a large group of us well.And I was right.  Service was attentive and prompt.  They gave us a mostly private room (another long table on the other side of the room) and let us be our boistrous, noisy group selves.Food was delicious.  We ordered several large appetizer platters for the table and everyonoe ordered their own entrees.  As usual when at M&S, I had the salmon, which was light, flaky and delicious!I give these guys 4 Stars for their service and taking care of such a large group with great poise.  The food was delicious and we never felt rushed (we spent probably 30 minutes after eating just sitting around talking) or unattended.
4	Was just here for the Valentine's Day special :1 x Choice of soup or salad1 x Steak (Top Sirloin) + Lobster (one half stuffed) 1 x Vegetables / Potatoes1 x Dessert (Chocolate mousse topped cookie)all for $29.95I started with the seafood corn chowder soup, my date had the caesar salad. Both were fine.Steaks were good. They were VERY thick cuts and were quite tasty for top sirloin.Lobsters were great. Succulent and tender, the stuffing was really yummy.The dessert was also very good.$29.95 + $29.95 - $25.00 Restaurant.com coupon = $35.00Print out a coupon and go there now.
5	This location of M&S is awesome. Their fish is excellent, appetizers awesome and drinks perfect. Service is A-1 as well!!!I've been to multiple other M&S locations around the country and I wouldn't give any of them more then 2 1/2 stars, but this location is the exception.
3	Growing up in Florida I am spoiled with the availability of fresh fish 5 times weekly, now in San Diego it's about the same.  So, I was a little apprehensive about ordering seafood in Vegas,  but when I found out they flew in in twice daily, I was hook line and sinker.  Service was really attentive without being intrusive.  Food was fresh and well executed. But what bowled me over was their steak sauce. Yum,  Just go ahead and drench everything but the sweets in that savory sauce.
4	I've been going to McCormick and Schmick for almost a decade now and have never once ordered from the main menu.  I have always visited after work during happy hour.  The HH menu contains a 1.95 burger that is one of the best burgers in the city, plus other tasty treats.
4	My job often requires me to be at Howard Hughes around lunch time. I usually eat alone and have exactly 45 mins to get in and out. McCormick & Schmick's is an excellent choice for a quick, tasty, white cloth napkin lunch. Jill is the bartender during the afternoon hours and she serves up lunch expertly with a side of smile. The iced tea here is always fresh, never bitter. They have an array of salads to choose from, from seafood salads to buffalo chicken. The bread is warm sourdough with softened butter. My staple lunch is the Oregon dungeness crab and shrimp louis salad. It's served on a bed of iceberg with tomato, cucumber, kalamata olives, egg and thousand island dressing. As I write this, it is the end of May and wild Alaskan king salmon is in season. You can order your fish prepared any way you like. Simply grilled works for me, and I asked them to pair it with freshly steamed green beans. The salmon was incredibly fresh, and I'll continue to order it as long as it's in season. Just as an aside, one day last week I only had 1/2 hr for lunch. I dropped my car off at the valet, ran in to the bar, told Jill about my time crunch, and I was out of there with time to spare. Just proves that when you're short on time, that's still no excuse for eating fast food.
2	Mediocre, True definition of 2 stars. Portions were small. Prices were large. The restaurant was empty, except for all 5 full tables seated on top of each other. Service was barely tolerable, the waitress argued with one of our party about a cocktail that she had been ordering at another M&S location for years.They claim "Best seafood restaurant in Las Vegas." - Las Vegas Review Journal  on their website. My recommendation for best seafood in Vegas, Fish Tacos at Rubio'sThe food was alright. Although hard to enjoy with management miscues and server gaffes.There are plenty of restaurants in Vegas I don't mind spending my money in, this isn't one of them.
1	We went her because we had a gift certificate and thought let's go, well everything was awful, the service sucked the waiter was rude and the food was awful. We eat at McCormick's all the time in other locations and never ever had an expierence like this one!
4	I met with some clients here for lunch.  Yelpers had truly scared me about the consistency of their delivery.  Let me say, in my case, the service was excellent.  We had an older gentleman as a server, with a thick german accent, who cracked jokes and kept the lunch moving along smoothly, as well as being fully fluent in the menu items.  I had the lobster bisque and if you look at the picture it was amazing, they actually bring you a little tower of lobster and then pour the hot bisque around it, served with freshly baked bread, my mouth is watering just remembering it.Note, it was not cheap, but that's why they made expense accounts.
4	Their dinner menu is good, but for someone like myself I am always left a little hungry. Which probably just means I ate as much as I need. But the quality of the food is superb.Their happy hour menu is good as well. A half pound cheeseburger and fries for some $4? That's a hell of a deal. However, there is no discount on draught's and that is kinda lame.
5	I know, it is a chain and I am in Las Vegas.  Ask your waiter on the strip 'when was the last time they saw the highly rated chef their restaurant is name after'.    I went there for lunch twice while I was in Vegas.  (I had such a good experience the first time that I had to go back.)  It has its own parking lot so parking was convenient and they offer  Valet parking but I dont see why you would need it.  The building is attractive from the outside and the interior is airy, simple and reminds me of most upscale chain seafood restaurants I have been to.  Our greeter seem friendly and seated us immediately.  After maybe a minute or two tops our waitress arrived.  She was perhaps the best waitress I have ever had.  (I requested to sit in her section the next time we came and my request was granted.)  We started our lunch by sharing a salad that was fresh and crisp and was not drowned in salad dressing, delicious.  One of my hobbies is making great salads and this one was as good as any of mine.  Next we split the Heirloom tomatoes with fresh mozzerella.  We got five fat slices of sweet, perfectly ripe tomatoes with decent sized slices of fresh mozzerella wedged between them.  I could not have asked for more.  Our next course was corn and seafood chowder.  I loved its creamy texture combined with sweet corn and pieces of shellfish.  For our main course, we had the blue grenadier and it was cooked perfectly per our request.   Although we were already pleasantly full we tried a couple of their inexpensive little desserts that they offer at lunch time.  They were a pleasant end to our lunch without making us uncomforably full.   After reading some of the other review, I only hope it can live up to my expectations in the furure.  Make sure you ask for Tamarah and tell her hi for me.
5	This was my spot for lunch almost every week day. The bar tender Jill is great and friendly, along with the rest of the staff. I've tried almost everything on their menu and can't say I've ever gone wrong, though their soups can be hit or miss, but I'm not much of a soup person unless I'm sick.I've never been at night or on the weekends, so I don't know what it's like then, but during the day it can be busy when a convention is going on in town, or chill on an off day. I'd recommend going at 1pm or 2pm as noon can slow you down.
4	McCormick & Schmick occupies that rare strata when a restaurant feels pretty expensive but in reality it isn't.  I think that's why I hardly go here.  It's not that the food isn't fabulous, because it is, but rather I think its expensive. Well no longer!  McCormick's is now solidly entrenched in "the rotation"I love that this location is off the strip because it makes getting there so much easier.  Once there, we were immediately seated and the even though the dining room decor is slightly campy, I love the nautical clubby feel.  Reviewing the menu, I noticed you could order prawns individually, which is fantastic because I love them but my date did not, so i was able to custom my order for exactly the number I wanted.  Did I mention they were only $2 bucks a piece to boot?  So far so good!  They came out and were good size, not jumbo, but fresh and tasty.  Next I had the challenge of navigating the menu.  Its stocked with all kinds of sea food and meat goodies.  But this is is a seafood restaurant, so I had to go that route.  I was immediately attracted to the seared Bluefin Tuna served on a bed of steamed spinach.  My date went the other route and ordered a nice 8 oz sirloin with mashed potatoes.  The dishes came out exactly as described.  My Bluefin was immaculate and rich in flavor.  The sear was perfectly executed and the fish retained all its flavor.  The spinach also was fantastic and completed my fish wonderfully.  The steak across the table from me was also perfectly cooked.  We ordered a side of Asparagus as well to supplement the meal  and it was cooked al dente with just a drizzle of Hollandaise sauce...mmmm!Now sitting at a size 34 trouser even though just an hour before I entered the restaurant a 32, I opted for desert. I was attracted to this Walnut brittle that had inside a passion fruit creme with various berries on top.  I didnt think I could eat but 2 or 3 bites, but I wanted to taste it.  It was so good, we ended up eating the whole thing.  I can honestly say that was one of the best deserts I've had in a restaurant that doesn't employ a separate pastry chef.  Definitely save room for this bad boy!Beyond all this food, I had two beers and the date had a coffee and a glass of wine.  Total bill was just over $100.  I couldn't believe it.I always knew they had the kick-ass happy hour but now I know their prices are solid the whole night.  Great place for a quiet seafood dinner off the strip or at any of their locations across the country.Note that the valet parking here is free...just a tip at your discretion.
4	Our supplier invited some of their loyal clients for dinner last night. They hosted a open bar for the entire evening and there were choices from a fixed menu we selected from. The friendly waitress was very helpful and suggested the fresh grilled Swordfish vs the farm raised Salmon (wonder if they used artificial coloring?). For starters we started with cheese bread and green salad. The main entree included mashed potatoes and sauteed string beans. For dessert I ordered the Chocolate Torte which went great with the Cabernet. All the food was excellent quality and service top notch considering there were thirty of us. I've eaten here before and would definitely return.
4	A solid choice for a business lunch (but call ahead! the lawyers in the area have found out about this place). The food isn't what I'd call exciting, but it's incredibly reliable. The almond crusted trout is amazing ! I also love the warm bread that comes prior to the meal. They are pretty cool about customization, too, which is nice. The fresh list is awesome.
4	McCormick and Schmick's in the Howard Hughes Center isn't the kind of place you'd normally associate with frugality, but their happy hour menu is priced for the seafood lover on a budget. At their bar from 3:30-6:30 and 9:30-11 Monday through Friday you can feast on an assortment of finger foods ranging from $1.95 to $4.95, as long as you meet their $3.50 minimum beverage purchase per person. A half pound cheeseburger is just $2.95, but if you are coming here you should probably try some of their underwater offerings. We started with Blackened Fish Tacos ($3.95) which were perfectly adequate for the price, but unfortunately not blackened as advertised. There wasn't a ton of fish either, but that is to be expected. On the other hand the calamari tentacles with sherry aioli, or Spider Fries ($3.95),  were one of the better values on the menu and were surprisingly tender and plump. We also ordered one of the two healthy items on the menu, the Grilled Artichoke with sundried tomato aioli ($4.95). The presentation was appealing, but unfortunately it didn't taste as good as it looked. It was a bit bland and under seasoned, but at least it was green and wasn't deep fried. Other offerings include Beer Battered Mushrooms ($1.95), Fried Cod Sliders ($3.95), and Chefs Choice Oysters (three for $4.95). The menu changes regularly, but at any give time there are around fifteen options. On Wednesdays you can get $1.00 oysters and a mini Shrimp Boil for $3.95, so I'd like to come back to take advantage of that.The drink specials are pretty good, too, depending on the day. We went on Hoppy Thursdays, when domestic light beer on draft is available for $2.95 (only a real bargain if you're comparing it to the Strip), but I would recommend going on Tuesday Tini night when all martinis are only $5. On Sundays you can try their adorable martini flights from 5:00-10:00, but unfortunately you won't get to try any of their food at a discount.There are a lot of happy hours around town, but McCormick and Schmick's is definitely one of the better ones. The bar is more sophisticated and intimate than most, and there is also an outdoor patio in case the weather is ever forgiving enough during the happy hour time of day. Basically, you won't leave hungry or broke, and you won't have to sit in a fast food restaurant to accomplish that feat.
4	Great happy hour food deals, very good food.
4	I Had the trout and it was tasty. The kids menu is great, plenty to choose from. Good service, good wine list. Has valet!
3	This review pertains to their happy hour.The Skinny: cheap so-so bar food eats (3) service - is pretty efficient for a bar (3) value: better than Mickey D's... yes.Better than In-n-Out, not quite. (3).We've been jonesing to check out their happy hour for a while. Although you need to make a minimum beverage purchase of $3.50/person, they'll happily charge you $3.50 for a diet soda. Sigh! At least the soda is bottomless. We chose to go on Tini night where they have a special martini for $5.To summarize, I did take pics of the happy hour specials so you can take a look at the pricing. We ordered the cheeseburger (comes with fries, $3), the grilled corn ($2) , the onion rings($2), the fried fish sliders ($4) and the blackened fish tacos($4).The cheeseburger was okay, not great. It was standard fare with the patty being a little more on the dry side and having a little too much char. Better than Mickey D's but not nearly as good as In-N-Out. Fries were okay.The onion rings were really greasy. As you can see in the picture, they were so greasy and soggy, the batter wasn't staying on the onion.The fried fish sliders were also a no-go. The batter was too thick, the tartar dressing too heavy. Presentation was unappetizing as the cook left huge finger imprints on the squashed bread (see pic). Ugh! No thanks!The blackened fish tacos were alright but weren't blackened by any means. The fish was a little on the dry side and there was very little in terms of condiment on top of the taco. It really needed more lime to enhance the flavours.The dish of the night - grilled corn with chipotle. The corn on the cob was sweet, delicious and the best thing we had all night.Overall, not a bad deal but the food isn't that great. I wouldn't go out of my way to try this place again.
3	I went here for happy hour yesterday, so this review is specific to their happy hour menu.  I believe the happy hour prices are only good in the bar.  Pretty good selection of food for very cheap.  I was not as impressed with the happy hour drink specials.  I had blackened fish taco.  I was expecting only one, as it was $3.95, but to my surprise there were two!  The tacos were good, if a little too heavily seasoned.  What kind of made the experience so-so for me were the not so happy drink prices and the server did not seem very happy to wait on our table.  Decent happy hour, but there are probably better spots.
4	My wife and I visit M&S almost every time we do a Vegas trip to get away from the casino buffets and other strip non-sense. We find M&S as a nice off strip cozy get away to spend a nice quiet dinner for two.We start with the Mixed Greens with Bleu Cheese and Walnuts. Then we had the seafood grilled trio on couscous and tilapia, parmesan crusted and served with lemon butter and capers, my favorite! The only minus according to my wife, was the over-grilled shrimp. We ended the night with a mini birthday dessert, compliments of M&S. [See pictures]We usually get our famous senior staff waiter that seems to really enjoy his work so we usually tip him nicely. We hope to be back for the King Crab legs when the season is right.-FM
4	Came for HH with the Yelpizzles- Andy T, Elnino F., Sun, Jieun L, Lily D. Drink- I just got a watermelon daquiri....it didn't taste like watermelon to me. It was good, but it reminded me more of a Asian fruit called calamansi. Food- Blackend Fish taco- it was more grilled and lacking the blackening spice....and salt....it was still good and fresh fish, but people need to season. Salmon Satay- good, but needed some lemon (a tad fishy) and some salt (do people not season anymore?). It was properly cooked though and juicy. Oysters- came with 3...sounded like they were using Barcat. Very fresh and kinda sweet. Escargot w/ bread (not from the HH menu)-  nice, but it said it has porcini mushroom truffle oil and all I tasted was garlic in the oil. FIne and all since I love garlic, but the bread was garlic bread as well so most people would be overwhelmed. It was perfectly cooked though. The menu changes a few items every now and then so the online menu is not quite accurate. I was looking forward to curry mussels but they weren't on there. It's not bad for HH, I think just sometimes it's better than others since the last menu sounded a lot better to me than the current one.
5	If it's an AMAZING happy hour or lunch you're looking for, come here! There is a bartender here, I believe by the name of Dorian, that crafts an out-of-this-world mint julep! For those of you that don't know what a mint julep is, you must be from the west. Do yourselves a favor and request one made with Woodford Reserve bourbon. I suggest starting out with the fried oysters and pairing this decadent cocktail with the blackened catfish for lunch. Very southern, very delicious, and well worth a trip here. Ask for Dorian. I promise he'll make you some spectacular drinks. The service by any of the staff here, however, is amazing!
3	We stopped in here at about 8:15pm on a Saturday and they were pretty dead.Sat us a a cute little two seater table.  -1 Star: the chairs were uncomfortable.  Not something that you want to sit in while having a long dinner.We started with the Steamed Mussels with a Spicy Thai Curry Sauce.  The sauce was a delicious creation.  The mussels were cooked perfectly.  -1 star: the mussels were gritty.  ugh!My husband and I both had the Holiday Mixed Grill: Petite Filet Oscar, Grilled Salmon, Jumbo Shrimp & Sea Scallop, Rosti Potato, Sauteed Spinach and Salsa Cruda.This was great because you could sample so much without having to dive into a main course.  The Petite Filet Oscar was my absolute favorite, as the meat was cooked to a perfect "medium" and when you cut it, it was like butter!  The salmon and sauteed spinach were fantastic.  The Rosti Potato was delicious as well.My husband and I watch all the cooking shows, including Hell's Kitchen, and you know if you watch Hell's Kitchen, that you better have the same coloring on your scallops, especially if its going to the same table.  Well, I am not a fan of scallops, but I am always willing to try them.  My husband had a wonderful sear on his scallop, while mine barely had any color at all.  IMO: It probably could have been cooked a little longer.  I'm not a chef, so I'm not going to dock a star for this.  But it was definitely noticed.Our waiter, "Marty Funkhouser" (if you get that reference, kudos to you!) was really great.  No clue what his real name is, but if you go there and find the guy that reminds you of Funkhouser, you will be taken care of.I think I would only come back for Happy Hour, since I work in Howard Hughes and its right around the corner.  Not sure if I would come back for dinner, even though we really enjoyed it.
5	Wife and I had our new years eve dinner here, it's one of our favorite seafood restaurants in town .      I ordered the crab tower and steamed mussels , crab bisque and a beet salad .    Crab tower: crab , avocado and mango intresting combo with a balsamic reduction drizzle . Intresting combination it worked for me .Steamed mussels in Thai curry sauce: nice size portions.  Light on curry flavor but still very good. Crab bisque: they bring it to the table in a nice sized bowl with about 3 -4 oz crab meat sitting in the middle of the bowl, on a tawny port reduction then the waiter pours the soup around the crab meat very dramatic . The bisque had a  tomato/crab and cream flavor it also had some rice in it that gave it an intresting texture that I liked .Beet salad : wife luvs beets so I had to order it:  fresh beets , goat cheese and balsamic reduction =  simple salad BIG flavors.Entrees : we both had the holiday mixed grill. The plate was divided into thirds :Grilled shrimp and scallop with rosemary skewer simply but tasty Filet Oscar : 4 oz filet mignon with crab meat on a bed of potato roseti , filet was cooked perfect med rare and potato was a fancy hash brown cake both very good . Grilled salmon on a bed of spinach completed the trio. Salmon cooked perfectly on a bed of sauteed spinach  I also ordered a side of truffle mac n cheese just sounded so good . Very disappointing to me , the dish was to runny and not cheesy enough. desserts: chocolate trio, choco tart, choco ganache cake with rasberry sauce and walnut brownie with carmalized banana an vanilla ice cream.   Wife had a sangria , glass of wine and hot tea  Me jus ice tea an tap water.      I think I got it all :) , I know lots of food but everything looked so good and if u know me I'm a foodie .  I know our waiter Karl was impressed.    We love this place because the food and service are always top notch.  The restaurant itself is classy looking without the snobbery. The $ value is exceptional for example all the food and drinks came out to be $155 plus tip $188. . I mean read again all the food we ordered  I think it's a good deal it's not cheap, but for us a special ocasion restaurant , maybe for some of you lucky folks an everyday place.lol
5	Want to experience great food, excellent service, a very cozy and a bit romantic spot? Try this place! it has been a favorite since we first tried it many years ago in Portland Oregon. We were happy to find the same experience with the Las Vegas McCormick & Schmicks as well. We have had many wonderful meals here and each time vow to return. Tonight it was New Years Eve and we had an early reservation. When we arrived, there were hardly anyone there, we got seated right away and Karl our server would proceed to cater to our every need. The service was excellent did I mention? We started off with a cocktail and two delightful appetizers, the crab tower and steamed mussels. The crab tower was just that a tower of crab, a hearty amount, it included a bed of balsamic reduction, avocado slices, and mango salsa. It was sooo good! The steamed mussels were plentiful and went too fast, especially with the bread soaking up all the broth. Our next round included crab bisque and a beet salad. I love beets! The crab bisque came to the table with the crab in the bowl and Karl, our server drowned the crab with the soup in high fashion. What a production, we enjoyed watching it as much as we enjoyed eating it. The beet salad, one I've had before, has sliced beets plated with goat cheese and drizzled with balsamic reduction. It was a big, bold plate of flavor, delightful!! Our main entree, we both choose the trio, which is a bit unusual, we almost always choose something different, but tonight the trio sounded irresistible, It included grilled shrimp with scallop on a rosemary skewer, grilled salmon on bed of spinach, and a fillet Oscar on a bed of potatoes roseti. We also got a side of truffle mac & cheese. All of it was wonderful, flavors were spot on and each bite was an experience. We had to end the meal with desert and so the we got the trio there too! chocolate tart, chocolate ganache cake with raspberry sauce and a walnut brownie with caramelized banana and vanilla ice cream. Wow, what a meal! We enjoyed it so much, what a way to end the year!
3	M&S are fail safe. Seafood is fresh, good price point, good service. No surprises good or bad. This one is off the Strip and gives some relief from the typical Vegas tourist traps.
3	Nothing special steak and seafood place located off the strip yet with strip prices.They have a decent happy hour, and I believe that they have a late night happy hour too, but I'm not sure about that.  I think the happy hour was actually better than the sit down dinner I had there.I had the calamari appetizer, and the calamari was fine, not overdone but kind of over breaded in my opinion, and I was not a fan of the marinara they served on the side with it.  The fillet of sole that I had for dinner was completely overwhelmed by the burre blanc that was served with it, and they over-salted the spinach that was served with it.
1	LV Yelpers... stay away!Came here the other night for dinner since I was craving fish.I waited over 30 minutes to be seated.Crab soup was horrible... no taste.Fish wasn't cooked throughly. (I had the trio and rainbow trout)lomi salmon wasn't done right.Management and customer service was horrible with compensation for bad service.I won't be back.NEXT!
3	A decent respite from the craziness of the strip.  A decent happy hour, with an outdoor, vine covered patio.  It's a chain restaurant, so you can't expect too much ingenuity.  Mussels in a white wine garlic sauce, buffalo wings, sliders, etc... But with prices under $10 per appetizers, mostly being $1.95 to $4.95, can you go wrong?
2	Floor in the entry could have used a vacuum.Service was pretty good. Waitress forgot to bring one thing.Overall the food was average, not great. Definitely overpriced for what it was. They gave me a pieces of a sushi roll and the rice tasted like it was hard and dried out.I probably will not return.
4	Great classy upscale steak and seafood spot.  Fresh food, great service.  Check it out for a higher end business meeting or if your celebrating something special!
1	BLAND!!! I had to crack the salt shaker on my 1/18 oz of steak. I ordered the top sirloin; the dish was served with about six green beans and two little potato croquet. The steak was so small if I hadn't ordered it rare I'm sure it would of shrunk to the side of a quail egg. The "steamed" green beans were raw! My mom almost chocked on them. They deserve the 1-star because their outdoor seating is beautiful and their raspberry tiramisu is actually pretty decent. My bill was wayyy over $100 dollars and sooo not worth it.
1	Went here for lunch a while back and was deciding on whether I should try this place again before writing this review...decided now that probably not.  Here are the reasons why:1.) Waited 30 mins before the supposedly delish sourdough bread to come out.  Unfortunately, that basket of bread was cold.  We had to request for another warm basket.2.) We told the waiter that we need to leave the restaurant by 1:15pm (it was 11:55am at the time of the comment), to please get the food out to us ASAP.  He said he will make sure of it.  WRONG! We barely see him and when all the food came out, it was close to 12:50pm.  We had to rush through our meal, and it was not worth the wait or price!3.) Food:     a. Spicy Shrimp Bruschetta:  WTF was this!?!  This was the nastiest tasting shrimp bruschetta I have ever had!  The shrimp had a weird texture and there seem to be a chipotle flavor, nothing else.  Complete waste of money.    b. Lump Blue Crab and Shrimp Cake sandwich:  I was so excited to try this and was totally taken aback by how tasteless and dry this sandwich was.  Where was the shrimp? Where was the blue crab?  Where was the watercress salad?  So I asked for the watercress salad to go with the sandwich.    c. Tempura Snapper (fresh catch of the day): Snapper was overcooked.  Dang it.  No redemption here.Bad food, poor customer service, NOT COMING BACK!!
4	Very good Happy Hour!  $1.95 fries, $3.95 mussels and spinach dip, $5.95 BV Cabernet - nice!  Sat in the bar - service is spotty but friendly. Will definitely do it again!
5	After seeing the superb Battle of the Dance at the Flamingo Showroom (see my review!), all that aerobic dancing left us very hungry.  What better place nearby than McCormick & Schmick's for late-night Happy Hour?!We've had dinner in the formal dining room once, but have done the Happy Hour much more often.  Why?  Because a big, juicy  cheddar burger, with lettuce, tomato, onion and pickle - and a small mountain of pretty good fries - is an unheard of $2.95!!  It was Thursday, so their special deal for Thursday (as if the burger isn't special enough) is $1 Fish Tacos.  I knew I'd have enough with just the burger, but Hubby, who'd been there once without me, convinced me to add one of those, too.  I thought they'd be tiny, but noooo.  Two of 'em would have been a meal for me.  It was a good-sized piece of fried fish, moist and flaky.  Service tonight was excellent, with our waitress constantly checking on us.  Overall, it was a terrific meal at a price reminiscent of 1989.
5	This restaurant has an excellent happy hour Monday thru Friday 3:30-6:30 PM and 9:30 to around 11:00 PM. We went to the late happy hour and started with one large fried fish taco that was very moist and flaky.  It only cost one dollar.  We than had a half pound cheddar cheese burger with lettuce, tomato,onion and pickle and crispy french fries.  It was  better than most burgers that cost over 9 dollars and the price was only $ 2.95.  I had a Coors light for $ 3.25.  The service was very good and not to many people at the bar area.Other items on the menu include cod sliders; spinach dip with chips; orange chicken $ 3.95 each; California roll; chicken wings; and salmon tartar $ 4.95 each; plus other items.
3	This used to be one of the top spots in Las Vegas but It turned to a so-so restaurant. The last time I ate here(2008) the steak was dry and not tender. Not to return for quite a while.
2	I don't handle change well. But I try to go with the flow. Unfortunately, in Las Vegas the flow is a deluge.  This update is for the Happy Hour only.McCormick & Schmick's Happy Hour was famous for its half- pound Cheeseburger.  I can't complain about the legendary $2.95 burger now costing $3.95 - it's still a deal.  But I sure can bitch about the fact that most of the drink specials are gone from the menu.  Now your choice of Happy Hour beer is no choice.  Coors Light or the highway.  It's $3.75, and comes in a small glass.  No more Sangria, or the cocktail of the day.  Oh, you can also choose from a few coctails for $8.95 or some others for a buck more, and the Happy Hour house wines are 5.95.The food menu is also pared back.  The blackened fish taco, which we got for a buck last time, is 4.95 now.  It was good, but skimpy for the price.  Last time it was a Special Thursday deal.  Now there are no special deals any day.Why this Draconian revision?  The waitress provided the answer:  McCormick and Schmick was bought by Landry's, and the suits have been tinkering with things ever since.  She also said regular customers were VERY unhappy.  No surprise there.The late-night Happy Hour at M& S used to be our go-to place after a Strip show or event.  I guess if hubby and I are both up for cheeseburgers, we'll go back.  But without the happy anticipation we used to have.
4	This review is for the happy hour only.I definitely think that McCormick & Schmick's happy hour is one of the best kept secrets in town. Being a high-end seafood restaurant, being able to sample their rotating menu for less $6 a plate is a great deal.The happy hour runs Monday thru Friday 3:30-6:30 PM and 9:30 to around 11:00 PM or whenever they close. The menu changes daily, but some of the staples include $3.95 cheese burger and fries, which when considering the quality of the burger is definitely worth the price. California rolls, fish tacos, and chicken wings round out the HH basics for around $5.00.But, one of the great things that makes this happy hour.... well happier, is their rotating menu. The HH menu is printed daily with several different items available each day. One day it might be nachos and orange chicken, other times they'll throw popcorn chicken and parmesan chips on there. The staff is nice enough that if you call ahead they will tell you what the day's offerings are. I've been lucky to try a range of their HH dishes can I can tell you that they are given the same attention to detail and quality that they offer to the main entrees during dinner time. There is however, a $3.50 required beverage purchase for happy hour. The service is representative of a upscale restaurants and never lacking during the times I have been there.
3	I had dinner with my teenage kids.  The restaurant is not busy at around 6:30 on a weekday. The service was just ok.The food is good.  Although my salmon is a tad overcooked.  The crab cake saved my meal.  The crab cake has very little fillers, it 90% lump crab.  I love that in a crab cake.I had the creme brulee for desert and it's mediocre.The price is on the expensive side.
5	Excellent, took my mom for Easter .. Food and service were excellent... Will definitely return .
2	How would I describe my wife's b-day dinner at McCormick & Schmicks. The memory of the evening conjures words like lackluster, uninspiring, and maybe disappointing. I mean, we love seafood...finding a place with a good menu, wine list, and quiet atmosphere is a task I take seriously. We walk in; the place is practically empty at 7:30pm. The dirty green carpet and fingerprint laden brass pillars weren't the most confidence inspiring visuals. We are then seated and given menus with a kind of greasy film on them. Seriously? The menu looked fantastic online and in person it was identical. So y'know, at least the food will be good...I can overlook the place not being spic & span to a point. We order Calamari to start, the Crab Mango Stack and some wine. I've had much better Calamari (Roy's is the best in town) and the Crab Mango Stack was ok. I got the "new surf & turf" while the wife had the shrimp trifecta.My short rib was fatty and not really all that hot, the 3 tiny scallops were ok. My wife's shrimp resembled an appetizer. The part that really annoyed me was that our meals came with either garlic mashed potatoes or regular mashed potatoes. Keeping the high glycemic  index in mind, we asked for some kind of vegetable replacement. The server was annoyed...it was written all over his face. The 5 green beans were great...thanks big guy.Overall we were unimpressed...y'know what, we were dissapointed. The $100 check was painful and I felt that I had failed as a husband. I'll pay for a good experience, this didn't qualify. Beyond that, it was a lovely night. *rolling my eyes*
4	People who know me know me as, putting it nicely, a thrifty individual.  I have a limit to what I am usually comfortable paying for a meal.  Places like Red Lobster are on the upper end of the scale for me.  With that said, it should come as no surprise that I avoided McCormick & Schmick's for a while.  I knew it to be a high end seafood restaurant and so I shyed away.  That is until a couple of years ago when they offered a tax day specical.  I don't remember the exact price of their special menu items but it was within reason.  I went in, sat in the bar area where there was some room left.  I ordered pasta with alfredo sauce and shrimp and baby scallops.  It was very good.  I have never been a fan of scallops but these were done right.  Not at all fishy.  Not the least bit chewy.  Just sweet and numerous.  I really rather enjoyed myself.  Much to my surprise, when I left I received a coupon for a certain percentage off my next order.  I'm sorry I don't remember specifically.  It was a while ago afterall.  Any how, I did go back a few months after my April 15th initial visit.  This next time I was seated in the actual dining room.  I ordered shrimp scampi.  While I prefer the scampi at Red Lobster this was still very good.  I ate every bit and sopped up the remaining sauce with my bread.  I stuffed myself and had a pleasent experience.  The service was great.  Very friendly staff.  Good food.  A beautiful interior.  I would love to go back perhaps for some special occasion.  However, unfortunately for me, I am not really a fan of most seafood.  Mostly just crab legs and shrimp which I seem to be developing an allergy to (this is where you imagine me hanging my head in shame and self pitty).  I may still go back if I ever have company who wants a good dinner at a place other than the larger chain places.  Perhaps I would order sword fish or mahi mahi if either were on the menu.  Those are two that I will eat.  So maybe some day.
4	Great service, great food.  Be prepared to open your wallets.
4	I see a lot of mixed reviews about this place, but my overall experience was great! So far, this is one of the few Happy Hour venues I have been to that has booth seats, which is definitely a plus for me.I hit up the Happy Hour menu with a couple of my friends and we had a solid meal. My personal favorite were the mussels, I just can't believe how good they were despite the cheap price. Their calamari is good but the portion is a bit small, one order will not suffice. I wasn't really impressed with their sliders, I think Twin Creeks' are superior. Still, every dish was well-rounded and good.The service was prompt and quick, I never had to wait for a refill. The happy hour section is spacious with two TVs.I will probably come here again just for the mussels. They are tasty and for the price, it's a steal!
3	Great happy hour place! The happy hour menu appetizer's are really good.. You can order the Burger for $3 for the corn beed slider which are to die for for $4.. This is definitely on my top happy hour list.. Great place to relax after work and talk with friends or colleagues.. Their service is a bit slow but what do you expect for the price.. I still think it's a great bargain just dont expect to get your food fast.. Just sit back relax and enjoy and have a good time at McCormick's.. I must admit I was a little turned off with the Staff talking about their personal life behind the bar area.. but i just chose to ignore it because, because like i said.. can't beat the price and the place..
1	Well, what can I say,, I had a poor expereince at McCorkicks in Sacremento and thought I would given them a go again in Las Vegas, I had the stuffed shrimp which were so small you could but them in ANY supermarket for a few dollars for 12, this dish was $25 and the portion was, wait for it not even 6 BUT 5 to a portion and small at that... I was not looking for a large portion but more so quality. this was a waste of money but even greater a waste of my time,, sad
4	McCormick & Schmick's has a great food happy hour. Monday-Friday from 3:00-6:30 they run a $3.95 hamburger, $4.95 fish tacos, $5.95 calamari. These dishes are only the tip of the iceberg. The food is inexpensive and most of the items are decent to rather delicious. My favorite would be the calamari. Certain beers on draft run around $4 and so do the well drinks.
4	Good food!  I had never been there before last Thursday.  I went there on a lunch meeting and was not paying!  I was debating about the fish options, but seemed plentiful priced from $14-20.  When my lunch partner ordered soup and a dish, so I went ahead and ordered the $20 jumbo shrimp stuffed with crab meat.  It came with mashed sweet potatoes.  It was an incredible meal.  This is a classy joint.  A little high brow for me for lunch.  But I would love to go back with my husband for a a nice night out!
5	My party of four had dinner last night and had a fabulous meal and exceptional service. My scallops were some of the best I've ever had. Our server was fantastic - just the right amount of attention and leaving us to enjoy our evening. I was surprised to see how few folks were eating there. This restaurant is definitely one I'll go to again.
1	I've been traveling to Vegas for work for over 7 years, and always looked forward to eating here. Unfortunately things have changed. The last 2 times I've been, it has been horrible. I found out that they have been sold. I thought I would give it another chance, that perhaps the lst visit after the sale was a fluke, but it was the worst ever experience.I waited at my table forever for a waiter. I got up twice to ask for one. When she arrived, she was very indifferent. She asked if I knew what I wanted. I had to ask HER for a menu. I ordered a glass of white wine. When she finally brought it. it was the smallest pour I have ever seen. Had to request bread, and was told they were 'out of butter'.Dinner took it's time, and was delivered by someone else, but it was acceptable. My waitress never came back to see if I needed another drink, or to check on the food. Of course, I had to search again for someone to bring a bill. When I got it, I was charged double for the small drink. Also had to wait to get an itemized receipt that my company requires. The table next to me complained to the waiter that they were never brought a side dish they had ordered.  I overheard the table on the other side of me complain that one dish was cold.  Obviously M&S, you are unaware that there are thousands of other restaurant choices in Las Vegas. I will not
4	Great food.  Much better pricing and value that Casino restaurants.  Worth the trip off the strip.  I love the separated booth/rooms which offer semi private space and the ability to hear each other talk.Wait staff was very knowledgeable and courteous.
4	One of my favorite Las Vegas locations for a very good business dinner.  Quiet; excellent service and reliably very good food.  We had a party of five - got a quiet corner area away from the crowd (YELP reservation scores again!).  Yes, you can spend more in LV, but for overall value this is hard to beat.
1	We had dinner on 10/22/12 because the the Steak and Lobster special.  The special does not come with anything, except for a tomato.  When we asked if we could substitute the tomato for another vegetable the waiter told us we could not substitute it, but said he could ask to find out.  After he rambled the reasons for not allowing substitions, but would check he then changed his answer to no we could not have one.  When the dinner came out, there was only steak and lobster on the plate and not even the tomato he advised us about, which could not be substituted.  He never returned during our dinner so that we could ask what happened.      He eventually came back to our table and we told him about the missing tomato.  He said he would talk to the chef.  Our plates were completely cleared, when the chef came out with a plate of tomatoes.  We were shocked and insulted, since we had already finished our meals. As far as the steak is concerned, they give you about a half of steak, already cut in slices.  The lobster was on the small side too. Not only was the dinner disappointing, the service was slow and I had to beg for refills for my water.  This is my second experience at this place in 2 months and both times the service was slow and the food was slightly warm and did not taste good.
3	I am very grateful that this restaurant offered a free entree for veterans on November 11 (for my spouse). However, I was disappointed to see the reduced quality now that Landry's has bought this chain. Although the food was tasty, gone are the printed daily menus indicating which fish are fresh and the source. Instead of "fresh deep water New Bedford scallops," now we have "sea scallops." From their texture, it was likely they had been frozen. Once my go-to restaurant with out of town guests, I am unlikely to return.
2	I came to McCormick & Schmick's after a long day at the convention center, the sign from Flamingo Rd called me in.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OPxWcHK96_cbmiF7legDnA?selected=OJpieVY3pEzo0N6SDKyo7w#iNveMHB89iN7PG4Z_Xgd9QHey it was happy hour too! Monday Night Football. So like a lemming I drove off the Flamingo cliff to M&S.I asked the waitress to seat me at the bar so I could watch the game, and I quickly struck up a conversation with a couple of Canadians who came in at the same time as me. They mentioned that they had been here the night before and had the surf n turf and it was awesome.But wait time to get the fade going, margarita rocks no salt and some of the mussels  and an order of the garlic fries off the appetizer menu. Think they had to go farm the little black mussels 'cuz they took forever! Meanwhile my drink came, tasty but hardly any booze and loaded with ice. Finally my teasers showed up. I order another Marg,  but this time I tell her easy on the ice heavy on the tequila. TEASERS:Black Mussels ... Tasty li'l critters in a herb wine bath, but 1/3 of them were missing the prize in the middle.  2.5***Starshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OPxWcHK96_cbmiF7legDnA?selected=OJpieVY3pEzo0N6SDKyo7w#h6Hl9nkaR5zNYQb1HK2OPwMcCormick's Cheese Burger French Fries ...  what a ripoff! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OPxWcHK96_cbmiF7legDnA?selected=OJpieVY3pEzo0N6SDKyo7w#0X6qy_5w7XYOVFgwRUOw8gI got a stand of lightly seasoned shoe string fries.  I asked for some Tapitio NOPE!  But they did have some Siriacha to give 'em some life.  2**star friesI ordered my entree and a spinach salad and another marg. 2nd marg was better but told her to double the tequila , 1/2 the ice this time. SALAD:Wild Mushroom Spinach Saute ... this was the best thing I had here. The shrooms and spinach were cooked with a sesame oil and were great. 4**** Starshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OPxWcHK96_cbmiF7legDnA?selected=OJpieVY3pEzo0N6SDKyo7w#393BnxQiULXRzo4mTFPziAENTREE:Steak & Lobster ...  Damn Canadians led me astray on this one.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OPxWcHK96_cbmiF7legDnA?selected=OJpieVY3pEzo0N6SDKyo7w#sGVLVPfjmKeSGTIr_KuQIgThe steak looked good but was chewy and lacked any beef flavor. The Lob tail was overcooked and rubbery but had a little smack off the grill and dredged in butter was palatable.The staff was friendly, the place had a nice interior and a sweet bar. The service was hit and miss. 3***StarsM&S was a bust for me, an overpriced meal lacking flavor.I will not return here as there are too many other great places to eat within walking distance.
5	Love this place.  Most recently, came here for Thanksgiving night dinner.  Made a reservation on Open Table, and this was the only downside to the trip in.  Our reservation was at 545, at 600 we were still waiting.  I asked if we could take a booth in the bar area (they had open tables in there) and they said yes.  I guess the wait is only for the dining room.  Score!  My husband could watch the game and we could have an awesome dinner.  Anyway.  We both ordered clam chowder as an app.  Their clam chowder is some of the best I have ever had.  The bread they bring to the table is great too.  We asked for more though and never got it, which was fine because I did not want the extra calories anyway, right?  :).  For meals, I had ceasar salad with a crab cake, and my husband had mahi mahi w/some kind of tropical fruit topping, mashed potatoes and broccoli.  Both meals were fabulous.  I ended up with $25 off my meal w/my rewards card that I did not even know I had (I guess it was a credit from my birthday or something) so that rocked too.  Highly recommend this place.
4	I have been wanting to eat here for over seven years now & i have finally tried. Do I love it! Sure, I do! Is it one of my favorites? Not too sure, yet. lol.The service was absolutely amazing, our server was hysterical & had some good punch lines.  Sometimes, he'd forget to refill our drinks like he said he would, but no biggie.  The food was yummy.  I believed i ordered the Filet & Stuffed Shrimp with Steamed Vegetables ($38.95).  The filet was a bit overcooked for me, but it was very flavorful.  The stuffed shrimp, it was mmmh mmm mmmh! It is something everyone should try!We didnt order any dessert because Brad T. wasnt feeling so well. (Oh, boy).  Overall, the decorations and atmosphere was great.  Each had a private section kind of old school feel but modern.
4	Holiday lunch with the client. The cup of clam chowder was delicious, but small (such a small amount of yumminess). I enjoyed the palm beach mahi mahi and the lobster mashed potatoes were a great compliment. The highlight of the meal was the chocolate bag--a chocolate shell of a bag filled with white chocolate mousse and berries. Service was good, especially serving a group of 11. Conveniently located next to the businesses on Howard Hughes Parkway, definitely walkable if it is not raining.
1	The service was great.  But the food was mediocre.  The Caesar Salad had no flavor, none of our 3 entrees had any flavor.  We had to ADD salt to the crab legs.  Save your money and avoid disappointment and go somewhere else.
3	Decent, but definitely not as good as the one in Portland.  Happy hour is good, and the bar is nice, but I probably wouldn't go there for much else and only if I were in the neighborhood.
4	Went here over the weekend for a company party/gathering. We had one of the reserved rooms all to our selves. The service was good, place was clean and food was A+. Can't beat good steaks and fresh seafood. If your having a good day at the tables or at the slot machines, cash out and come on over to this place for a good dinner. Always good to try something other than buffets when in Vegas. Really close to the strip so you'll be back at the tables in no time.Honorable Mention: Ribeye Steak
2	We ordered 3 bottles of wine before we picked one they had! That process dragged out too long. The table next to us, that was sat just after us was eating dinner while our cork was getting pulled. I got the Cioppino- a dish I typically get in seafood places. This is Landry's, it's cajun- so this should be good. Nope! Just so so, with a bland broth. WHAT?! REALLY?! Sure, it had seafood in it- but nothing exciting to note. but let me hang on "the broth was bland"...such a shame.
3	Very mediocre restaurant particularly compared to 4 and 5 star's on the strip. Food for our group of 6 came out at various times probably 5 minutes between first served and last served. My food was lukewarm and salmon was ok at best. Service was weak it seemed like our waiter was either new or ambivalent.
4	Usually get food to go but also enjoy the happy hour. Love the chopped salad (but if you don't like bacon or blue cheese or olives, you won't - I don't think it is a "traditional" version), clam chowder, parmesan sole (or flounder). For happy hour, the hamburger can hardly be beat but when they have oysters those are delicious (and typically get them along with a lemon drop martini).  Reliably good with great service. I do wish they would bring the Fat Tire beer back but they have other good options too (beer plus hamburger = yum).
4	Great food. Great atmosphere. Perfect for business lunches.
2	McCormick & Schmick was my favorite restaurant before Landry's made their many changes. I attended happy hour quite often [enough that it was an open invitation to my friends at work].  I ate here every birthday, Christmas,  valentine's day, and special occasion in the past 5 years. Then... the big takeover.  The change was immediate.  They no longer made drinks with the freshly muddled syrups. They changed the quality of their food.  They increased prices. They have lowered the quality of their food and their business.  The overall tone is completely different. Solemn, perhaps? I had over 50 $ in gift cards. I gave them away.  I was emailed to remind me to change my Mc & Schmick loyalty card to a Landry's card. I didn't think it was worth the time. Thanks for the memories during those 5 years. And now on to better quality seafood & drinks!
3	Had chicken capers, mash potatoes and Chinese broccoli. White chocolate blueberry cheesecake it had the worst tasting crust on a cheesecake I have ever had (this brought the rating down to 3).
5	halibut pesto was excellent on ragout of vegetables. wine list is a chalenge yet we had a very good wine eventually
5	Perfect experience, excellent appetizers, both fish and meat entrees, and luscious desserts.  Also one of the few places you can get fried oysters.  Wonderful service, I had to leave a huge tip
1	My partner ate both lunch and dinner there the other night and ended up so sick I had to fly to vegas to take care of her.  She had steelhead for lunch (had to send it back to cook it more as it was raw - should have been her first clue) and oysters with a salad for dinner.  She spent the night getting intimate with the toilet and the garbage can next to it.  She will never go there again.  Steer clear.
2	Too expensive! I paid $25 for 8 shrimp and a spoonful of rice.
4	Fantastic service and food. The dessert was by far one of the best that I've ever had. It was a brown bag made of chocolate filled with mousse and berries. It was to die for. Their Lobster Mashed Potatoes were also fantastic.
1	I will NEVER eat there again as long as their tyrant general manager Todd is in charge. His treatment of the servers was hard to watch. He is a bully and he frankly turned my stomach. I am going to write a well worded letter to the corporate, no one deserves that kind of treatment.
4	It has been awhile since I was to McCormick & Schmick's and we decided to go here before our show at the Venetian last night.  At 5:30 and the hour and a half we were there, the place was almost empty.  Unusual for a Thursday night.We just ordered main courses and saved room for dessert.  I ordered the chef's recommended stuffed Atlantic salmon.  This was a nice piece of salmon with some lump crabmeat and bay shrimp in a brie sauce.  It came with some lightly cooked thinly sliced carrots and some green beans.  The dish was very good.  My wife ordered the parmesan crusted chicken which came with lemon caper butter and linguini Alfredo.  This, too, was very good.For dessert, we shared a molten lava chocolate cake with chocolate and caramel sauces.  It was topped with vanilla bean ice cream.  The dessert was fantastic!  It is similar to the other places that have some kind of molten chocolate dessert.  It seems to be one of the in desserts now.Service was outstanding.  Our server, Dan, was around often but was not intrusive.  One of the managers also came around during the meal to see how things were. Our iced teas were refilled without asking, Dan was a very pleasant fellow, and we completely enjoyed our meal at McCormick & Schmick's.  We'll be back and sooner this time.
3	You'd think that a fish restaurant would know how not to cook fish until it turns to a charred lump of shit, but, hey, what do you expect from a Landry's restaurant? If it was on food alone, I'd give it one star. Total disappointment.HOWEVER: The host, the manager, and the waitress were all FANTASTIC. Attentive and friendly, they all made sure that my party and I were being treated well. So, if you want good service and overpriced, badly-cooked fish, go here.
3	Interesting experience tonight. Been to many Landry's spots, and have always had a reasonably good time. With the exception of the uncomfortable bar stools, tonight was no exception... until I went to close out... The nice bartender went to run both my credit and "Select Club" card, but their system was not working. After waiting a while, the bartender apologized and called over the manager. After waiting some more, the bartender asked the manager if he could buy me a drink to apologize for the long wait (keep in mind I had already bought two drinks one for $11 and one for $15) - not only did the manager refuse and look at the bartender like he was nuts right in front of me, but he never even acknowledged that I had been waiting at all. A few minutes later the manager gave up, and had the bartender close me out by hand (think carbon paper receipt where they write down all of your private credit card info and have you sign). Not once did the manager apologize for the wait, or even acknowledge the fact that I had been waiting at all; despite the fact that this whole attempt to "fix the system" occurred right in front of me on the other side of the bar. I have no problem with the fact their system was down, but disappointed this is the way the manager elected to handle the situation. I applaud the bartender for his efforts to correct the issue - his instincts were correct. The manager's service etiquette is another story... this is not what I would expect at Chili's, let alone McCormick and Schmick's... What started as a great meal, ended with a bad taste in my mouth.
1	10-18-2013Bar drinks were so so. No more fresh juice. Oysters where lousy even though this is the season. Dinning was lousy. Finally fixed the chairs after ten years, but F & B Manager is an ass. He was rude when asked, where the previous manger was. He said I don't know. I don't know who is was . I Ordered Fish & Chips the fish was nasty and smelled lousy. It sure was not Cod or Halibut. We were celebrating company tenure and this was not a good experience. We did get to see a very good friend, and she said she looked Yelp and the reviews were terrible. Now that I looked I agree. I we have been coming here since 1995, but this is the end. To many good fish houses in Las Vegas to put up with this crap. NOTE:The prices are way out of line. FRIDAY night 2130 three tables being used, NO ONE in the bar. SAD
3	Just recently began to dine at this restaurant and I have to say that I think I have found a new seafood regular. I have been there 3 times so far and the seafood is fresh and well prepared. I have found a few mis-steps. I order the corn salsa on the side and the lobster mashed potatoes does not need the sauce that is poured over it. I am happy otherwise.
3	Anticipation is high, expectations are high, prices are high... and I'm just left deflated and disappointed. Overall a lot of seafood choices- the descriptions kept me on the edge of my seat not knowing which dish to try. Crab Chowder: this is an ok chowder. I found little clumps of crab meat, but the soup is a little watery for my liking Almond crusted rainbow trout: The fish tasted nice- crusted with slivered almonds which gave it good texture. The dish overall however really lacked any kind of seasoning. I sensed a strong buttery taste, but overall bland. Very bland.Husband ordered the beer battered fish and chips- Hard to mess up right? Wrong! The "chips"- skinny french fries were completely soggy. We could not find one crunchy one on the whole plate. The fish batter was also very soggy. Not pleasant to eat. Bottom line: price tag is too high for mediocre food. Money better spent elsewhere
1	Ghastly experience for the second time. Did not write a review on the first dining fiasco in hopes that it was just an off night. Yesterday was Thanksgiving and we were invited by friends (6 total) to share a holiday dinner at this reputedly fine Las Vegas eatery where they tout that guests "will experience culinary excellence at its best". NOT! How can a network of chefs, even with a minimal of culinary background, completely flunk in the simple preparation and serving of Thanksgiving turkey dinners? We would probably have been better off had we dined at a Soup Kitchen, where the dinners are presumably served in adequate portions of tastily prepared food and served HOT.
4	My review us strictly from their happy hour. I'm my opinion one if the best around. Had a margarita which was kind of sewer and week, but only $6. M&S tea very good and cheap beer. The highlight on the menu is the $3.99 burger n fries...quality and great price!!
5	Celebrating my  grandson's graduation from UNLV, the family went to McCormick and Schmick for dinner, as was his choice.The waiter, Michael,  suggested the shrimp kisses ( cheese stuffed bacon wrapped shrimp) as an appetizer and I can tell you this is probably the best shrimp appetizer I have ever had. We all could have made a meal out of it. If you've never had them I strongly suggest you try them.All of our dinners were superb as were our salads. My daughter ordered the iceberg wedge with blue cheese and bacon. She said it was crisp and fresh with excellent bleu cheese dressing. She was right.My grandsons Ponchatrain  Grouper was very good although a little too heavy.. My other grandson's fillet mignon was tender,  juicy and perfectly done. He loved it.I ordered lobster and steak medallions  and the dinner couldn't have been more perfect;  steak was very tender with great flavor and the lobster tail was ample.  My daughter's stuffed salmon was out of this world.  When I return I'm going to be sure and order that one. We ordered bananas Foster for dessert and the entire table was able to eat just one  dessert. The portion is huge so be sure to share it.  Delicious rum sauce. We've been here before and the service was good but last  night's service with Michael was excellent. Ask for him if you can.All in all a great evening.
2	This was our first time here and a party of six.  It was all presentation and no taste.  Lobster bisque was lacking in taste.  The lobster Cobb salad looked beautiful but again tasteless.  We won't waste our money here again.  Bummed.
4	The service here was fabulous, attentive and accommodating. The decor is beautiful and a table by the window is very cozy. The shrimp kisses were deligthful, mildly spicy with a good crispy breading plus a decent portion to share. The canadian Malpeque oysters on the half shell were sweet briny deliciousness. The three of us shared an iceberg wedge salad that the waiter was kind enough to have split into 3 different plates. The lobster and filet medallions entree was by far the tastiest. The sauce perfectly complemented the steak and the lobster couldnt have been sweeter. The dry rubbed ribeye steak I wouldn't order again. It wasn't a bad cut of meat, just not as good as many other less expensive steaks elsewhere. The creamed spinach was a generous portion arriving in a small cassarole dish. It was fresh and satisfying. Creme Brulee was creamy and had a delightful sugar crust. The millionaire coffee was equally delicious. All said and done the meal came to $265 including tip. I'm planning to go back for their happy hour soon.
3	Having a hard time deciding whether to give this spot a 3 or 4 star review after our last visit for Christmas Dinner. The food itself was pretty fantastic, but service was painfully slow. The server himself was awesome, incredibly apologetic every time he came by the table (almost too apologetic actually) but apparently it was a kitchen issue. We ended up being there close to 3 hours, and with a 2 year old that was definitely longer than we'd want to spend trying to get through dinner. And that's without waiting for dessert. We've been here many times over the years, and service/food was always excellent before - but it's been a very long time (more than 5 years likely) since we've been in so I can really use those experiences in my review. Overall, I had the pontchartrain grouper and it was really unbelievably good. My Mom had some variation of trout and my husband probably had one of the mixed seafood grills. We all really enjoyed our food. We also had the crab cake appetizer, one lone crab cake and it was pretty average in my opinion. I've had much much better and also make much better crab cakes at home. So as much as I would love to give this place 4 stars, with the tab being close to $300, service being THAT slow without anything more than an apology from the server and manager, I had lipstick on my first cocktail and drinks were overall also very, very slow, I just can't give this location anymore than 3 stars. We will probably go back someday, but not anytime soon.
4	Food was perfect here, really excellent. Service leaves something to be desired... Our waiter was kinda weird and not intuitive or instinctual at all like a good waiter ought to be. Kept leaving without taking our orders. I mean, it was like a $500 check for four of us (champagne) so... kinda strange to not have top notch service.Still the atmosphere was nice and dinnering was wonderful here. Off the strip a little so Catch a cab back.
1	This was not our first time but it will be our last.  Drinks were fine, we were not offered bread. Two meals turned out ok but the 3rd was steak and it was ordered medium well. It was a charred, hard knot. We sent it back after the other two were finished with their dinner the third received the remade steak and it was RARE. Mind you it took 35 minutes to make a rare steak. When we received the bill, it had the steak on and off not once but twice, both with notations that the customer didn't like it. Hmmm, nothing about not making it right but blame the customer? Me thinks NOT.  We waited and waited and it was a week night, business dinner. We will not  be going back.
4	My experience at this seafood restaurant was great.  They had a wine tasting event and I was lucky to have been invited to attend.   The salmon was delightful.  They served the best white wine I've tasted.  I don't recall the name brand but I'll update if I remember...
4	We saw a steak and lobster for $24.99 advertisement and decided to give it a try. The restaurant is a bit old-fashioned and there were quite a few senior citizens dining.  We had to be the only two people under 40 in the entire place, lol.  But that's okay because we weren't there to socialize. We there to grub!! We both got the special and we were extremely impressed.  The steak and lobster were both cooked PERFECTLY.  We didn't order any sides or appetizers and it was just the right amount of food.  Our server, Michael G., was super nice and friendly.Not exactly your trendy "seen and be seen" type of ambiance, but if you just want a quiet excellent quality meal, this is perfect. And our bill was so cheap, it felt like we were robbing the place.
5	Came here for Lunch! Absolutely enjoyed everything! Portions were large and tasty and at a great deal for $20.15 for restaurant week!! Totally worth it! Will definitely come back!!
4	This is kinda weird, and I may have been hungover, but the waiter talked too loud!Other than that, the British Columbia raw oysters, the bacon wrapped shrimp, and plank smoked Atlantic Salmon were awesome.The steaks are apparently good as noted by people in our group, but if I wanted one of those, I'd go to Morton's up the street.
5	Planned a going away party for a friend last minute and was able to get a reservation for 20 people with less than 24 hours notice. We were even given a private dining room to accommodate our large party. Management and staff were very friendly and accommodating and made my friend's going away party very memorable. As for the food here, it is too notch quality.  We waited at the bar until the rest of our party arrived. They have a pretty good happy hour menu. Blue cheese chips which were recommended by the bartender were so tasty and addicting. Freshly fried chips with warm melty blue cheese, yum! I couldn't get enough. I had the Connecticut blue point oysters for appetizer which were pretty good as far as freshness. For dinner, I had the Stuffed Atlantic salmon, which was stuffed with crab and gooey Brie cheese. It was very rich in flavor yet light, So heavenly. Salmon was cooked to perfection and matched well with creamy mashed potatoes and and broccoli. Washed my wonderful meal down with a refreshing cucumber martini. Most definitely would return here in the future.
2	Lobster was too salty & my steak was over cooked, mentioned it to the waiter who offered to send it back but also told me it was cooked to the right temp but last I knew medium rare isn't fully cooked around the edges with a small rare center not all the way through.....
1	I ordered chef's special, grilled salmon.salmon was like flakes, rice was crispy: may be it was from the bottom of pan.furthermore, their computer was down, I couldn't redeem my birthday points.
5	Had lunch there and was extraordinarily delighted. The valet knew my name even tho I did not valet park, to the hostess and especially the waitress who was kind, smiling, courteous and just professional! The menu was great with many choices. And the food was fresh and delightful!!!!
3	The happy hour prices are great, but the food falls a little short. The crispy shrimp croutons have no description, so we asked and the server told us they were fried shrimp. What they actually are is hush puppies with a lot of breading and no discernible shrimp at all. The tuna tartar is all chip and no shrimp. The fish tacos were mediocre. The mussels were the best thing we tried...the broth was rich and delicious. The service was great. The drinks were ok...but I won't be back for happy hour food again any time soon.
5	We have a restaurant, and I have to say the customer service is over the top from the time we walked up to the door tell we left. We had a graduation dinner for my grandson there on 6-12-2014, they had congrats. posted outside walking in for my grandson with his name, menus printed with his name and rolled up like a diploma, the waitress was very accommodating,(sorry can't remember her name), food was very good, they made us feel like we were the only people in the restaurant. Great job keep up the good work.
3	A combination of, "this is pretty good" and "this is not so great" paired with slow service and a confusion on where to park leads to this 3-star rating based on happy hour.McCormick & Schmick's really pushes its happy hour. It is even plastered on its large sign attracting people off of Flamingo, the busiest street next to the restaurant. Also, M&S is situated in the Howard Hughes business park, so, a good idea to attract all those suits and ties would certainly be a slammin' happy hour.Was it slammin'? Not really. Was it good? Sure. Spectacular? Nah.Happy Hour is in the bar area only. My friend and I arrived on a Tuesday night, about 5:30 PM.Ordered:Spinach dip - came out piping hot, but the pita chips were so, so very sad. I felt so bad for these pita chips. They were so small, they were so dry, they were so boring. I am fairly certain they came out of a bag. The spinach dip was good, but the pita chips were so small, my friend and I had eaten them all and still had spinach dip leftover. I used the spinach dip leftovers to slather my Baja Fish Tacos.Baja Fish Tacos - My friend and both got these. Plus - nice, big servings! The fish was decent and crunchy, not mushy, but I got the feeling these too may have come out of a pre-packaged bag. Hrmmm. Just not good considering this place should be an upscale steakhouse/seafood place. Slaw inside was tasty and it was served with a green, spicy, creamy sauce. Adding my leftover spinach dip made it a very filling happy hour plate.Fries - Meh. Came out kind of mooshy, definitely not a good option. Obviously these too came out of bag. No way these were fresh cut fries *thumbs down*Wine - $6 a glass. Ya, okay. Not much to say.Overall - Only OKAY. I had higher expectations. I doubt I will come here to spend big bucks on a dinner. I'll go somewhere else that is not owned by the chain Landry's.
3	Apparently they spent a lot of money getting rid of their Tiffany glass so they could redecorate with stuff from Goodwill. Except you can't find 60's-style carpet at Goodwill any more. The seafood was still good, but in general seemed a notch below what it used to be. Thanks a lot Landreys.
4	Enjoyed every minute of being there. Good selection of menu choices. Very knowledgeable waiter. Will go again next time in Vegas.
4	Had a nice dinner with my brother and father even though the place was nearly empty at 8pm on a Saturday night - probably because a fight was in town. As far as chains go, this was is consistent with every other M&S you'd visit. As always, great service.
1	The group of us went here for dinner while in Vegas for a trade show we were working last week.    If it was possible to give ZERO stars I would have done it!   To much went wrong with the service to bother breaking down .....my advice DON'T waste your money here when there are so many other options!!   Never again!!
3	Came here cuz we had a gift card. Only two tables in restaurant on a Saturday night at 9 pm in Vegas ? Worried that was a bad sign but we were pleasantly surprised. Sean our server took great care of us. Brought our cocktails fast and split our ahi plate without even asking!
5	Great service and great food! They also give a 25% discount to pilots if you show them your pilots license.
2	They can't even get your steak right the way you want it. They screwed up 3 times on my steak left it red red inside and I told them that's it I don't want anything more. They tried giving me a free dessert to calm me down but it didn't work at all. I refused it. Worst thing about it was that I was starving to eat dinner. I won't be coming back here ever.
5	Awesome birthday dinner!!My husband and I took our two boys (5 and 7) to celebrate my birthday!  What a wonderful experience all around!  I will admit that based on the reviews we were tempted to go across the street to Lawrys (knowing it's always amazing)...glad we didn't!As the hostess seated us, she handed me a  menu with "Happy Birthday, Tami" rolled up as a scroll with a gold ribbon.  Nice touch!The children's menu was disappointing...spaghetti, hot dog, etc.  We wanted our boys to truly experience the restaurant so we ordered a "grown-up" entree for them to share.  They put their salmon, mashed potatoes, and broccoli on separate plates with garnish...they thought they were very grown up!  They both ate every bite!We had clam chowder for appetizers and everyone loved theirs!  I had the ultimate sampler (fabulous!) and my husband had the swordfish (excellent!).  To end the evening they gave me a molten lava cake with a candle.  The boys ordered one of their own.  Yum!All in all, couldn't have had a better experience!
4	Slight mishap with being given salmon when swordfish was ordered but quickly fixed, very pleasant server, everything was fresh, food delivered timely and at a non rushed pace. Overall another very good experience.
2	The first time I ever ate at a McCormick and Schmick's was in Downtown Portland and I loved it so much that I returned again and again whenever in Portland. Sadly, that McCormick and Schmick's is now gone and also gone is the high quality at their other restaurants. This restaurant is no exception.While in LV on business, we stopped in for Happy Hour. Their HH prices are really good, but the food quality is sub-par. We ordered margherita flatbread pizza, which was pretty bland, rosemary fries, which were a bit on the limp side, calamari which was tender but mostly devoid of flavor, and ahi tuna which was a tiny serving, wasn't very fresh and was overcooked. The wine was the best part of the experience.Our waitress was attentive and the atmosphere is ok, but also not very special. The other McCormick and Schmick's restaurants I have been to have far more character and personality. This restaurant feels very suburban strip mall-y.
1	We had a reservation for 4 which I had booked online a week ahead of time. When we arrived there were hardly any people seated. They said it'd only be a couple of minutes to be seated. As we sat and waited many people arrived and were seated before us. Really??? 30 minutes passed by and we decided to leave. The wait time was ridiculous considering there were many open tables. After reading reviews about their sub par overpriced food I'm glad we decided to leave.
1	What poor standards this location must have. We decided to start a new tradition in traveling to Las Vegas for Thanksgiving and wanting to ensure a great Thanksgiving meal we made reservations at McCormick & Schmick, what a mistake choosing McCormick & Schmick was.We arrived at 4:45 pm for a 5:00 pm reservation and were ignored for the first 5 minutes completely. Finally when someone decided to come back up to the front they said it would be a few minutes. We were taken to a table on time but the table we were seated at had one booth too close to the table and the other way too far away and the seats nor table moved. We asked for a table with normal spacing and she stated it would be quite some time and she could take us back to the front to wait, this should have told us something to start. We did keep the uncomfortable table seating.They served cold Thanksgiving meal, we sent our food back twice as we wanted to enjoy a hot Thanksgiving meal, this never happened. Three strikes and you are out. We ended up eating our luke warm meals but of course they did not serve us the the dressing with the meal, must have forgot according to the server.The manager never asked us how our meal was, did not care I guess. The server offered a slice of pie but we declined as after the disappointing meal we just  consumed we did not want to take any chances.Poor Management at this location.The server was O.K. but don't look for superior service here if that's what you are looking for.I would not recommend this location to anyone.
3	Food was decent and the service was alright.  They have a large selection of wines and a good selection of food.  We had the calamari which was good, swordfish was alright but could have been better seasoned and the black angus ribeye which was good.  Deserts were alright.  Millionaire coffee was good, chocolate pie and the Apple pie was pretty good, Apple was better.  Overall I would say it was average food at above average prices. 130$ for two +tip. Only real complaint is the booth was quite uncomfortable to sit in and we had to move one side closer to the table.  Also there were times we were waiting for service and it was not busy, mostly empty tables.   Maybe not enough servers idk.
5	Had a lovely dinner there last night with my husbands work, it was sponsored by a medical supplier. The food was amazing, but I was so impressed with the positivity of the two servers taking care of us! Nicole and the other woman were fantastic! Got us anything we wanted and needed! Plus they were so friendly and sweet with our babies!
5	Husband had to work this Christmas day, knowing he didn't want to come home and cook, and knowing my cooking is not his favorite, he's a pro and they tend to be hyper critical, so I suggested a reservation and he went for it!  We love this place and for special occasions we love coming here. Tonights menu was no different than some of their previous menus, a couple of chef recommendations, their  assorted fish done to perfection as well as their steaks. We started with the steamed muscles, could not get enough! Crab cake that is solid crab meat and a bowl of lobster bisque and claim chowder! All worthy choices.I had the barramundi, New Zealands sea bass, it was on top of risotto and smothered with a tomato confit. Cooked perfectly!  My husband got the ulimate grill, shrimp two or three ways with scallops. He loved it! For desert, we shared a chocolate slik pie, smooth, rich chocolate with rasberries. Service good, food good, evening very good!
2	OK, I just came here for Happy Hour, but McCormick touts itself as having the "#1 happy hour in America" and a lot of people come here for that so a review of it is fair.Bottom line: this is Vegas. A million better deals can be found in a million places all over this town. And you don't even need happy hour to get most of them - every single bar or restaurant that is low to mid end has drink specials that are superior to here. I've been to other McCormick's and the food here was just not up to par. Burger was meh. Fortunately, the carpaccio is good! I would say it's a must order, if you like carpaccio. And the calamari was good as well. But do NOT order the happy hour AHI. EVER. It was the saltiest, tiniest portioned, most unappetizing thing I've ever eaten. It must have been triple salted on the crust. I had to spit it out, it was so terrible. When I got the bill i was surprised - it ended up being like 54 for two people for happy hour and it didn't include Coors Light as a happy hour special. Gave it a shot but I doubt I'll be back here.
