5	Been seeing Dr. Fishel for a month now. He is an incredible doctor who has a passion for what he does. Don't be discouraged by a wait time because he takes his time with his patients. He even saw me when I didn't have an apt. He has a nice, friendly staff.
1	Dr. Fishell at Advanced Pain care is an insult to what being a medical provider means. The business itself states "ADVANCED PAINCARE" A spine specialist sent him a referral so as to control my pain. I never heard back, I followed up with leaving one message after another and finally I was told to go see another doctor. Two weeks of waiting in pain to be told that is beyond unprofessional. AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID AVOID if you care about yourself AVOID.After reading other reviews about Dr. Michael Fishell I am glad I never got in. For example:Doctor Fishell gave me the injection in my lower back (the wrong place) it was suppose to be in my neck, got very sick from the anesthetic. My husband called office several times that day, no One would answer the phone or called him back. Met with Doctor Fishell a week later, and he blamed me for all of his mistakes. All I can say is Beware of this Doctor. PS Some how he got a MRI I had on my back 5 years earlier. Said this was the only report he had. Why would a Doctor use an MRI dated 5 years agoand This MD should be run out of the medical field. He was only interested in me as a patient if I had surgical procedures or injections. He put me on oxycontin and vicodin just to get rid of me. He set a follow up appointment and then rudely dismissed me saying there was nothing more he could do for me and that he could not spend anymore time with me. I would not recommend this doctor to treat my dog. I went to Dr. Joseph Imus who was horrified that I was taking the two most addictive drugs that would kill me if I kept taking them. He got me off of these highly addictive drugs and got me on celebrex and tramadol. I started feeling pain relief instantly. I can not say enough harsh comments about Dr. Fischell. He was awful. I love living in Nevada but horrendous medical practices I have observed or been a victim of in the little over 3 years I have lived here. A pain specialist should address any patient in pain, it is part of the Hippocratic Oath which states:I swear to fulfill, to the best of my ability and judgment, this covenant: I will respect the hard-won scientific gains of those physicians in whose steps I walk, and gladly share such knowledge as is mine with those who are to follow. I will apply, for the benefit of the sick, all measures which are required, avoiding those twin traps of overtreatment and therapeutic nihilism. I will remember that there is art to medicine as well as science, and that warmth, sympathy, and understanding may outweigh the surgeon's knife or the chemist's drug. I will not be ashamed to say "I know not," nor will I fail to call in my colleagues when the skills of another are needed for a patient's recovery. I will respect the privacy of my patients, for their problems are not disclosed to me that the world may know. Most especially must I tread with care in matters of life and death. If it is given me to save a life, all thanks. But it may also be within my power to take a life; this awesome responsibility must be faced with great humbleness and awareness of my own frailty. Above all, I must not play at God. I will remember that I do not treat a fever chart, a cancerous growth, but a sick human being, whose illness may affect the person's family and economic stability. My responsibility includes these related problems, if I am to care adequately for the sick. I will prevent disease whenever I can, for prevention is preferable to cure. I will remember that I remain a member of society, with special obligations to all my fellow human beings, those sound of mind and body as well as the infirm. If I do not violate this oath, may I enjoy life and art, respected while I live and remembered with affection thereafter. May I always act so as to preserve the finest traditions of my calling and may I long experience the joy of healing those who seek my help.Shame on you Dr. Michael Fishell you violate your oath and lack ethics and morality. Off to the medical boards I go.
