3	I like all the stores and restaurants in this shopping center, but instead of 4 or 5 stores, they only get 3 stores because of the atrocious parking situation. Before the big make-over with TJ's taking over the former HT space, parking was not a problem.  However, with the popularity of TJs and the opening of the Greenway access accross the street, the parking situation has only worsened. I find myself getting up early on weekends to try & beat the crowds, only to find the parking lot still pretty full thanks to those using the shopping ctr parking for greenway parking. Unfortunately, there are a lot of people who will run into TJs either before or after their greenway visit  to buy one or 2 things to "justify" parking their car in the shopping ctr lot for hours while they're on the greenway  (racking up the bad karma there folks, but whatever floats your boat).  Oh well, because I love TJs, Great Harvest Bread Co, Senor Tequila, and Rudy's I just try not to let the BS parking situation get to me.
4	Living in the Piper Glen area makes the Piper Glen Shopping Center a playground for neighborhood shoppers. The whole shebang has plenty of places to choose from for all of the hungry, thirsty, grocery-needing, taloring-requiring, veterinary, dance lesson-going and pharmacy needs! The Trader Joe's, Starbucks and CVS can cause quite a bit of congestion for the parking lot. Also, the parking spaces are odd widths. If you're driving a suburban or some other soccer-mom limousine, good luck fitting into one of the motorcade cubbies. This is a perfect location for the greenway watering hole goer/walker/runner/biker/rollerblader. Stop in to Starbucks for a caffeinated beverage. Yoforia for some FroYo. Trader Joe's has plenty of snacks and juices to help your tired cardiac muscles, too. Not always the easiest location to access. Two entrances. One on Bevington, which can be hard to exit from. Cutting across traffic can be difficult here. The entrance and exit on Rea Rd can be tricky too. Be ready to slow down and look out for other vehicles barreling around the turn.Absolutely love having this shopping center in the neighborhood! Thanks to all of the great businesses and employees for your hard work day in and day out. Cheers!
5	This is my favorite running shop in Charlotte. Beyond offering a wide selection in quality shoes and gear, they offer training groups for all levels and a wide variety of running events. The staff is knowledgeable and helpful. I would recommend them to anybody looking to get gear, train with a group, or run a race.
