5	The location on Ontario street is closed, which means the location on St Laurent in Little Italy has the owners' full loving attention. The story as I heard it is that they turned down spots at top salons in NY and Paris to open their own place where they could hire and train easy-going people, sell ultimate frisbees, and be near family and friends. For around 50$ you can get the best looking 'do in the city in a totally chill, fun environment. These are haircuts that go seamlessly from family dinners to professional environments to rock shows. I have been here when full bridal parties are getting their updo's done and everyone looks chic, romantic, unique, but unified - it really is amazing. (Also amazing was getting my hair cut downstairs where there are only 2 salon chairs and NO bridal parties. Thank you for the blessed quiet!)I asked around a lot before coming here after my last guy moved away, and all the gals with the best hair pointed me to Queen of the World.I should add - I always get my hair cut by the owner and have never had my hair coloured here. Not a pretentious spot, always a great haircut.
1	I really want to like this place as the hair dresser was so nice and friendly - but the hair cut I got here was so far away from being chic that I got another haircut to fix the one I got here. I wanted a cute pixie haircut that was feminine yet a little unkempt, that would provide some volume and be easy to style. But the hair dresser pretty much just chopped it off a little over the shoulders, put a little gel in it, and sent me out with my hair wet so it would air dry. I thought it was bizarre to say the least, and when my hair was dry and this super cool hair cut had failed to appear I just felt ripped off. Granted, he only charged me $30 or which I tipped $10 so a total of $40 - but that really wasn't a bargain because it just looked drab and boring and was still sticking to my neck in the muggy Montreal summer heat. Also when we were discussing hair cuts and salons in Montreal I said I had gone to Pure before and he totally dissed them and said they cut angled cuts like Victoria Beckham. Thing is, she has long hair. VB had those angled hair cuts years ago. Shouldn't a hip stylist keep up with trends just a little bit?? Besides, shouldn't he cut whatever the client wants him to cut? I didn't exactly want a VB haircut but is the only alternative cutting it off straight at the shoulders? Seriously I am perplexed - how can this salon be on the Best of Montreal list? They must have bribed people to get on it. :(
1	Pretentious, horrible customer service and mediocre haircut....don't bother.
5	I went to these guys after going to 5 other hair salons that came highly recommended for brides, then my make-up artist recommended I try them for the wedding. I am very happy I found them because my hair looked amazing on my special day and has been getting a lot of TLC since them. My hair color was so amazing, some people were asking me if I went tanning. My best friend's mom who was a guest at the wedding and 's a very well-known hairdresser  complimented me on my hair. I have been hooked ever since. Thank you Queen of the World, you guys are amazing!
1	Queen of the World is the worst hair salon I've ever been to! Not only did they overcharge me but they didn't color my hair as I asked!!!I showed the hairdresser a picture of a chocolate brown ombre yet I came out of there as blonde! As if that wasn't enough he also butchered my hair! I asked him to cut 1 inch and he cut 3. I spent over $200.00 for NOTHING! Avoid!!!They don't even deserve one star.Horrible. Just Horrible.
