5	These guys do incredible work as you will quickly learn when you walk into the front office. Unfortunately all I needed was a new front door which they installed and it looks great. Maybe the next time I will have something more significant for them to work on. It was great to work with a small company and not feel like I was being taken advantage of.
5	We had a pane completely fracture in one of our back door windows and thought we needed to just replace the window but, unfortunately, it is a fiberglass door and the entire thing needed to be replaced.  Jason not only replaced the door, but painted it, re-hung the blinds, and re-installed the security.  When the paint code I provided proved to be the wrong color, he was all set to take care of correcting it himself.  He also noticed our door strikes weren't adequate and offered to fix those as well!!!This little company provides BIG customer service!  They also do more than doors and windows so we're going to get an estimate from them for some floor tile work next.  I like to have good people I can call on that I can trust to do quality work.  This company is now on my list!
5	We bought an older home and our doors were in horrible condition. We had Precision Fit do a custom sliding patio door to our backyard that is so wonderful! It helped reduce cooling costs and it changed the whole appearance of the back of our home and our back yard. Since we were so happy with the work that was done on the back door, we had them replace our front door as well. The customer service and professionalism was top notch! Jason knew exactly what to do with both of our awkward door spaces and recommended the best doors for the situation. We could not be happier!!!!
5	We had to order and install 3 large new windows for our kitchen. Two of the windows had to be shorter than their old counterparts, and one window had to be larger because we gutted the kitchen and the old window sizes were completely wrong for the space. Precision Fit came out to measure and assess the situation. Even though our house is a single story, it was a very tough job because the windows are all at a two-story level (the lot slopes from high on one side to low on that side of the house) and it involved cutting through very thick stucco. Jason ordered the perfect windows: the first is a picture (fixed) window with 2 side casements, the second is a large gliding window, and the third is a single-hung (up and down). I almost ordered the wrong casement sizes until Jason told me that the proportions would look better with wider casements than with the dimensions I had originally imagined. I am so glad I went with his recommendation! All the windows look great proportionally, exactly the way I wanted. We ordered the Simonton brand windows, and I must say, they are better looking and feel more solid than the other new windows that we had installed last year by another local company---before we were lucky enough to find Precision Fit. I wish Jason and Rob had installed all of our windows, but I didn't know them at that time. What a difference! Dealing with Jason and Rob was such a pleasure compared to that other window company. I am really happy that we found them. In fact the other window company only ordered the windows, and then we had to find an installer to do the job. Precision Fit did everything! They measured, ordered, and installed. Initially, we actually came to Precision Fit to install a new front entry door. The window job was only added on. Our entry door is coming next---can't wait! Jason ordered it along with the new hardware, and Jason and Rob will be staining it and installing it soon. That will be a big job too because we are going from a 6'9" door with a transom and sidelights to an 8' door with sidelights, no transom. It is extremely difficult to find good work by contractors these days, so finding this company was very lucky for us. Thanks for doing great work, Precision Fit! We are very thankful.
5	After the major rainstorms of this year. We found out that our that are French doors that were installed by the previous owner had been installed incorrectly and leaked. So we called up Percision fit windows and Jason came right up to our house to discuss our options. Because of the location of the French doors we decided to switch it out with a vinyl slider. Jason and his crew worked very fast and for the scope of work they did had absolutely no mess left behind. My experience with precision fit windows has been absolutely a great one and I highly suggest this company to anyone.
5	We bought a new home and needed to replace the front door. Jason did a great job, walking us through the different options, measuring and ordering a new door and installing (all custom sizing since we had an irregularly sized doorway). New door looks great, very positive experience overall. Also, Jason is very responsive via email/phone, which was not the case with other door contractors that we talked with initially. Highly recommend and we will call Precision Fit again if we decide to replace any more doors.
5	After spending time shopping at the big home improvement stores, I did a little research on the door brand they were trying to sell me and the installation subcontractors they use.  Needless to say... I decided to look elsewhere and I'm glad I did.  Precision Fit Door and Window was professional, knowledgeable, responsive and very detail oriented.  They took the time to make sure the install was done right and looked great. I was so pleased with their work; I have recommended them to my niece.  Thank you so much for a hassle free experience and a job well done!
5	We had a sliding glass door come out of the frame and we found Precision Fit on Yelp.  They were able to come out on short notice to fix it and for a fair price.  I highly recommend Jason and him team.A Very Satisfied Customer.
5	I really wish I could give "Precision Fit Doors..." (Jason is the owner/operator) MORE than 5 stars. I called him on Wednesday and he came to my house the same day - and it wasn't even an emergency! This was after I called Home Depot and was told it would be a minimum of 3 weeks for a new door... Apparently, Home Depot subs out their jobs (after taking their cut) and then a lot of the time those subs (after taking their cut ) - well - then they too sub out the job yet again! In other words, you have no idea who is doing your door...Anyway, I wanted to buy a new, upgraded, sliding screen door because mine was a disaster. Jason drove a loooong way to get to my house and then informed me my door was a Milgard (already an upgraded version) and said he could repair it for a lot less. He didn't mean just replacing the screen either, he also removed the beat up, old plastic wheels and put long-lasting, steel ones on. He also fixed the lock and he put the door back in and it is fantastic! It slides so easily and looks brand new! I really couldn't be happier. Amazingly, the door was installed by Friday, only 3 days total waiting time! One more thing - not many business owners are honest enough to "under-sell" themselves. Jason also is friendly, neat, respectful and is determined to make his customers happy. He is a finish carpenter and can even retro fit bigger doors/windows, etc. into smaller spaces (wow) and all kinds of other interesting things. Hey Jason - I'm giving you 10 stars!!!
1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY. I don't know how this company has such good reviews. I wish I could review the work but they never showed up to do the work. I spoke with Jayson to have a new door installed on a home and he said he would go out to the house the next day and email me the estimate. After waiting three days and not getting any email I called Jason and asked what happened and he laughed and said oh ya I never made it out to that home. This is not a professional company and you should stay away from them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Find someone who will actually show up.
5	Jason at Precision Fit was amazing, highly recommend this company. I had him put in a new shower with new door and windows and also had him replace some windows around the house. Everything came out fantastic and he did it in a timely manner and the cost was really reasonable.
