2	Just made my third trip here.  It's not 12/1 and they don't know when a jacket will be available in the size I was looking for.  Won't call me when it comes in.  I have to stop back.  Very poor customer service and they lost a sale and a customer.
4	The only Lulu in an 8 mile circumference. Awesome. This Midvale store is one of the bigger and better stocked ones that I've seen (I've been to a few other ones on the east coast and in California)The employees are helpful..ish. I was asked from inside the dressing room if I needed to try on another size. I said yes - a six please..and never heard back, so I just went and got the pants. No big deal I guess, just weird that they offered and didn't follow through.No sale section from what I saw, but I guess that's pretty standard across the board at Lulu.
5	I have a pair of running pants from Lululemon that I use constantly and they are in the same shape after countless washings as the day I bought them 4 years ago. For me, the quality is worth the price and I feel awesome wearing my Lulu yoga top and running pants while working out.. the Hilldale store is so cheery and I have found the employees to be extremely helpful.. and always so positive and upbeat! I love that they have free yoga on Saturdays and I go regularly now. They also have a running club and other activities going on so it's a great way to get to know local yoga studios and other like- minded people, especially when you're new to the area like I am!
3	I will have to say that this place may or may not have great athletic apparel but not for the cost. Let's do some comparison, Under Armor. A company used by almost every pro athlete in current day and age. Even THEY do not charge as much as this place does. Yes, they have a very trendy store in a trendy area with trendy (and I will say knowledgable) staff, with trendy posters and trendy (as Ashley H. put) Kool-Aid. In my opinion this place has no other reason to be charging the prices it does other than it is Trendy. And is what Kim Kardashihoon or Madone-a wears. Again, it does seem to maybe have some quality product but can anyone really justify the price? Now these reviews are supposed to be opinion based and etc. So i can't judge anyone who shops here because where one person would think it was crazy to spend that kind of money on those kinds of products another person would do it until the cows come home.So what i'm saying is yes it is overpriced even by probably the people who buy that stuff standards but maybe thats what they want to do. And finally Men's selection is microscopic. That is all!
3	I will have to say that this place may or may not have great athletic apparel but not for the cost. Let's do some comparison, Under Armor. A company used by almost every pro athlete in current day and age. Even THEY do not charge as much as this place does. Yes, they have a very trendy store in a trendy area with trendy (and I will say knowledgable) staff, with trendy posters and trendy (as Ashley H. put) Kool-Aid. In my opinion this place has no other reason to be charging the prices it does other than it is Trendy. And is what Kim Kardashihoon or Madone-a wears. Again, it does seem to maybe have some quality product but can anyone really justify the price? Now these reviews are supposed to be opinion based and etc. So i can't judge anyone who shops here because where one person would think it was crazy to spend that kind of money on those kinds of products another person would do it until the cows come home.So what i'm saying is yes it is overpriced even by probably the people who buy that stuff standards but maybe thats what they want to do. And finally Men's selection is microscopic. That is all!Just a quick side update to just how difficult Lululemon has it... http://management.fortune.cnn.com/2013/03/22/lululemon-pants-problems/
1	I have not imbibed the lululemon kool-aid, but I do have a few pieces from the line and was satisfied with the quality.I have been to the lulu stores in Minnesota and always had a pleasant experience.The Hilldale store is a different story. I have only been into the store 3 or 4 times and with every single visit, I never receive a greeting or even a simple acknowledgement from an employee. I'd rather shop at the online store and interact with a computer screen rather than enter this brick and mortar only to feel like you are a burden to the snotty employees.
5	Love this place, everyone should come here to buy clothing. The staff are very friendly and amazing quality for the price.
