4	,A delightful experience, with good pipe bands, precision teams, international acts.  It was a bit expensive, and we had seats high up in the stands, but the view was quite good and the sound was still excellent.  We enjoyed every minute, and were surprisingly warm and comfortable despite the Scottish weather.  The lone piper playing from the castle near the end was hauntingly beautiful, while the fireworks at the end were breathtaking.  Good Show!
5	The best word I can write for this review is: GO!!!!!This performance is worth a trip to Scotland.  You will not see anything like it again.  Everything from the bagpipes to the different countries that were represented were amazing.  And what a setting in front of the Edinburgh Castle at night!
5	We actually planned our trip around the Tattoo, we wanted to go on the last night, but tickets were already sold out (this was in May) so we were able to get two tickets for Friday. We purchased our tickets online, but you must redeem them at the Tattoo office prior to entry (which wasn't far from the Castle, it was walking distance). Heading up to the Castle, I was getting so excited! So many people, and as crowded as it was, everything ran pretty smoothly, entry was easy, our seats were easy to find, restrooms available, and it was fun listening to the different groups warming up around the stands. 2013 Tattoo included New Zealand, Cambodia, England, Korea, Mexico and the UK. I loved the diversity with the different countries bringing a taste of their culture together in music and dance. The backdrop of the Castle was amazing. I loved when they would project images onto the Castle, my favorite had to be when Mexico was playing, and the backdrop were the Dia de Los Muertes images. The "IMPS" youth motorcyclist team from England was so impressive, half the time I had one eye closed and biting my nails! Those kids were awesome! The New Zealander's were pretty impressive, and brought great energy to the show, with their rendition of "Gangam Style" and I loved the woman's drill team, I wanna be in the club too! But I have to say, the pipes and drums will forever be my favorite. The closing fireworks were great!  My friend and I are still talking about this night. We can't wait to go back.
