5	Fresh Start Women's Foundation has opened a resale boutique at the SW corner of 40th St. and Thomas in Phoenix called "Fresh Start Treasures".  The resale shop is an extension of Fresh Start's expertise over the past 20 years in self-esteem and wardrobing.  They have clothing, accessories, and home furnishings. Fresh Start Treasures caters to working women, fashionistas and more. They have an extensive collection of fine designer labels from Ann Taylor, Jessica Simpson, Coach, St. John, Elie Tahari to The Limited. They have a great staff that will help you find the perfect business wardrobe, evening or casual outfit. I am a recent volunteer at the boutique and I absolutely love it!  The selection of clothing is great as well as the prices.  In addition the work the foundation does is priceless.  Stop in sometime to find the treasure waiting just for you.
5	I live right around the corner from this boutique and yesterday was the first time going in.  Let me say, WOW!  They make a great first impression from the moment you walk in the door.  All of the lovely ladies who volunteer are very friendly and helpful, and really make sure you have a great experience in the shop.I was looking for work shoes, and Linda helped me tremendously, without me having to ask!  She spent the time with me trying on different shoes to find the perfect pair, and in fact I found two pairs, plus an armful of clothes too good to pass up!The prices are WONDERFUL for a girl on a budget, and they have a lot of business-savvy clothing from great brands (I snagged a pair of GAP slacks for under $10!).  I highly, highly recommend this shop.  From bags to casual to business clothes, I'm positive there is something for just about anyone lucky enough to walk in!
5	THIS PLACE IS GREAT!  Especially, in this economy!  They have tons of items and keep me looking wonderful for work and beyond!  The reason I love this place is because I grew up shopping at Nordstrom's, Sak's etc.  Therefore, I'm used to excellent quality clothes, shoes and accessories.  But I'm too frugal to spend the money my parents had to spend.  Therefore, for years I only "invested" in good business clothes and hardly any "play" clothes.  Now I can afford both and help others while I'm doing it!  I've lost weight and I'm like a kid in a candy store whenever I go in there!  MY WHOLE LIFE HAS IMPROVED-I HOPE THEY STAY OPEN IN THIS LOCATION FOREVER!
5	I'm always on the hunt for nice clothing, especially since I've been doing a lot of interviews for new jobs. I heard about this place on the news last week, and bookmarked it on yelp to check out.  Granted, it's not close to my home, but I thought, hey, it's worth checking out.I came here today and boy, did, I have fun. I tried on a few outfits and was happy with what I saw.  They have a nice selection of name brand stuff that's really in good shape and nice prices! Most stuff I saw was between $8-10, and was name brand like Chicos', liz clayborne, Ann Taylor and much much more.  They also have tons of clothes in ALL sizes, including mine! I'm not fat, but sometimes I find that stuff in XL isn't always carried at consignment stores (who shall remained unnamed).The store is large, well laid out and the staff is really friendly here.  I think their closed on Sunday's and Monday's, so make sure you get here when their open!  I really liked it here, and will probably be back in the future.
3	A thrift store with a large selection of clothes , household items , books etc. A little high priced, for somewhat mediocre merchandise, but it does go to support a charitable foundation
2	Prices are NOT to die for. Things get donated to them not sold geesh. I use to like going there but it seems like they keep pricing things higher and higher. The manager I believe her name is Trish is not people friendly. She is very rude and mean. I've over heard a few people saying how "mean" she was. The rest of the workers are amazing! Because of the way I was treated by her on my last visit I will stop going and stop recommending people.
