5	This place is awesome!The service is excellentThe food is excellent, they have every kind of burrito you can think of, this place is really authentic.My kids and I go at least twice a month and are always satisfied, they have amazing portions and the taste is great!Their rest rooms always clean.Highly recomend
3	We actually found this palce by accident one morning looking for Menudo. The place is actually clean with newer TV's. We were the only two in the restaurant at 9 A.M. on a Saturday, so that made us a little nervous. My wife ordered the Menudo, and I ordered the Chorizo Burrito. The Menudo was okay. This was just a big bowl of Menudo, no meat, no hominy. Which was fine, we prefer the mixture. I think if you're looking for a quick fix on the East side of town, this is a great place to go for a decent bowl of Menudo . The Chorizo Burrito was also just okay. No amazing flavor. I actually prefer the burrito and Filibertos to this one. The thing that bothered me the most is they did not know that I speak Spanish. So they were arguing on how much to charge us for our bowl of Menudo. They ended up charging us the lower amount or I would have really shocked them and told them to cancel our order in Spanish.
4	Erickbertos is so clean that you wouldn't think the food was any good but we haven't been disappointed with anything we've ordered.  Favorites are of course CA and carnitas burritos.  Yesterday I took a chance on a lengua taco with a backup of a carnitas taco in case.  The lengua could have used a bit more seasoning but the texture was perfect.  Both tacos were so stuffed that I had to eat a lot of the filling with a fork before I could fold the tortillas enough to eat by hand.  My husband had his usual CA burrito.  Bill was a whopping $11.43 and we ate way too much.
4	I was really surprised by this place!  Soooo much better than that other "bertos" place!  I went thru the drive thru so I'm not sure about the inside but I ordered the taco and cheese enchilada combo with rice and beans. I also ordered a side of chips. The food was very good and the rice was REALLY good!  The chips were hot!!  Loved it!  Yum!  I will be back when I'm in the area again.
5	Erickberto's is a nice eat in / take out style Mexican restaurant on the border of Mesa and Apache Junction.  Their lengua (tongue) is very good.  The lengua burrito is delicious and cheap.  The adobada and green chile are good too.  So are the enchiladas.  Their red sauce is not watered down like some other places.  A nice family owned Mexican restaurant.
4	This was the first time I've eaten at this resturaunt and to be honest, I had it confused with a simulair establishment with a simulair name.  I went in skeptical but open minded.  I must admit I was glad it wasn't the other place.The staff was nice, the food was good, the service fairly quick.  I don't believe I have one of these stores near me, but if I'm in this area I won't hesistate to go back.
5	This place is the best, cheap, good and fast!  I know other Mexican chains are more common throughout the valley but this place is so good.  Just writing about it makes me want to get in the car right now and go get some.  I love all of their breakfast burritos but specifically like potato egg and cheese one.  The classic 2 taco meal is another good way to go.  It's open 24 hours and has a drive-through.  We've actually never been inside.  My only minor complaint is that the tea always kinda old tasting.  Everything else is super fresh and delicious, though!
4	Ok I really like this place! It's cheaper then FillyB's and it doesn't give you the runs. The Carne Asada Fries are delicious and a half order is huge. I also love the Guacamole chips with adding on pico de gallo and cheese. Soo good!
5	This place is excellent. Both quantity and quality! There salsa bar is amazing. They have a unique avacado and jalepeno cream style sauce that is very good. They also have free fried onions and jalepenos for free with food purchase. Caution the fried jalepenos can be hot, actually the hottest I've ever had but not always. My favorite is the Arizona burrito but there's a ton to cheese from. There side of Flauta's is a meal in itself. Great authentic food at a great price.
2	Hmmm. Not sure about this place. Visited once. Food was decent, but not real hot (temperature.) More authentic Mexican than Taco Bell. Not the cleanest place. Friendly service. I would not be afraid to try it again, but it did not leave a lasting impression. Oh, and they have large portions. I left stuffed.
1	First time here, loved it, came back for the second visit not so great, tried them again last night, HUGE MISTAKE!!!! This was for take out - They got my order wrong, didn't even get my entire order and when I called to speak to a manager I was told there was not one there. When I started to voice my complaint the girl who answered the phone was very defensive, she said I took the order it was not wrong. When I asked where the rest of my order was she hung up on me. I called back and she refused to answer the phone, I blocked my # she picked up and needless to say we had words. However, I have never in my life been told by a business that I was a customer of F*#k you and hung up on. Stay away they would rather be right than stay in business! WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE AWARD EVER!!!The owner should be ashamed to employ people like this.
3	This place is alright. I didn't find much difference between here and Filibertos down the street other than price. Food is a bit cheaper. Overall, decent fast casual Mexican restaurant. Better than Filibertos on most things  except I'd say Filibertos has better carne asada. Worth trying at least once.
4	Ive eaten here many times its decent and a little cheaper than fillibertos. However last time I had a combo plate beans werent very good they had no taste and lacked seasoning. Portions are nice.
5	So freakin' delicious! So many mornings I sneak over for an Eriks Special burrito. The name scares the hell out of me, but it's a really good, giant burrito, full of deliciousness. For later in the day food, I love their rolled taco meals, the beef burritos and their chicken tacos. Eriks beats Fili's like a red headed step child with bad grades! I thought about moving to Gilbert once, but then Erikberto's opened up shop. Try it!
