4	Stardust Companies is a group of organizations based in Scottsdale, Arizona, whose mission is: "to be a catalyst for building stable neighborhoods, through active involvement and engagement in our community."  [From their web site.]  This place is an awesome trip west to either DONATE your old building materials, doors, cabinets, sinks, etc., or to find an amazing bargain by shopping there.  I have been there many many times and the inventory is constantly changing.  You might find an entire suite of beautiful kitchen cabinets - maybe 2 years old - ripped out of a Paradise Valley home because the owners want something new.    A large lot of brand new tile because they ordered too much for the job.   A huge selection of solid wood beautiful doors.   Vintage sinks and toilets (okay, a little bit of ew there sometimes)...  it's a big hot warehouse but many contractors make it a habit to take their job site's discards to Stardust so you can find some really awesome deals here.   It's a 501c3 non profit so you can take a tax deduction if you make a donation; and your purchases help the non-profit with its mission as stated above.  So go, you'll dig it.
2	OH DEAR LORD! (and not in a good way) So I've been wanting to check this place out for over a year now. This past Saturday I finally convince the hubs to go with me. This is a place that takes donations from people who are renovating their homes, you can find anything home related as far as building materials and the like go. I was pumped on finding a bath vanity, people have reported that they have stuff there from high end homes. We must have been on a very very off day as everything there looked to be from the 80's mayyyybe 90's and older. Nothing current or that would even fly in a bath remodel these days. The appliances they offer there are old as hell as well, there wasn't anything worth looking at. And used toilets? EW!
5	All you need is a little creativity and this will be your new favorite place if you're ever doing any remodeling in your home (kitchen, bathroom, etc.) Let's start off with that fact that this is one of several stardust stores that takes donations (kitchen cabinets, vanities, windows, appliances) and sells them. The profit then goes to projects like an extreme home makeover here in the valley. How cool is that! New kitchen cabinets for you and your benefiting the community!To be honest I really only went through the kitchen cabinets, vanities, and other cupboards since I'm not in the market for any windows or appliance at the moment. The really great thing is that you have a set of kitchen cabinets that can hopefully be configured to fit your kitchen. Some of the sets look better than others and on the day I stopped by ranged from 9 cabinets for $500 up to 21 cabinets for $2000. Yup, a full set of kitchen cabinets for $2000 - pretty awesome right? yeah there may be some chips or look a little outdated, but with just a little bit of stain or white paint and some new hardware it could be an awesome transformation for you kitchen.So be creative, play a little, and benefit your community!P.S. - they have a deal if you buy one of their stardust t-shirts and wear it on a Thursday you get 15% off your purchase!
5	Appliances! Cabinets! Furniture - Oh My! Anything that you could ever want (Home related of course) can eventually be found at Stardust. This store is a unique organization that betters the community while offering fantastic prices on donated and salvaged home goods items. Remodeling your kitchen perhaps? Rather then just taking your old cabinets to the dump, you can call Stardust and schedule a deconstruction time where they will come to your home and carefully remove everything you don't want, take it to their warehouse, and sell it... The saying, "one man's trash, is another man's treasure" should be the slogan for this store because it's so true. At first glance, the items in the store might look a little rough - But when taken out of that setting, add a little creativity and paint, you'll find that everyone on pintrest will be your biggest fan!The staff at Stardust is incredibly helpful whether you're trying to source a specific item or giving you ideas for how you could re-use items in the store. They go out of their way to help you with everything. TIP: You must go often as their stock changes daily and the good stuff goes fast!
