2	Ok...first off I traveled all the way to Fountain Hills for this one. I felt like Survivor Man going way up there. If it wasn't for my friends treating me I don't think I would have gone...but enough of me complaining about the trip there. This place isn't really much to look at I'll be honest. We were seated promptly and the waitress was really nice. We started off by ordering some teriyaki chicken sticks that pretty much had no flavor at all. So by now I was worried about the sushi. To my surprise the sushi was actually pretty good...not great but good. The prices were fair and the service was ok too. The only thing that was weird was when I went to the bathroom it was located outside the restaurant...like close to the ally. It's safe to say that as long as I didn't get food poisoning it was a good night but I won't be going back.
4	I love Sakura Inn!  It may not be a dress up kind of sushi bar, but the sushi is great!  The best part is that they give you a decent amount of sushi for the money.  The waiter is very nice and he always remembers what you order.  He does a great job at customer service.  If you go there try the Neptune roll, yummy!
5	Yum yum yum!!! I had the spicy tuna salad and was not expecting what I got. It was a wonderful suprise! The spicy dressing was not overpowering and did not take away from my tuna. I will definately eat there again and again! The service was wonderful!
5	Outstanding service.  Friendly and accommodating.  They treat you like old friends even the first time you go.  I personally like the smallish atmosphere.  Food is wonderful!Love the spicy tuna salad!
1	Shame on you. The most disgusting sushi I have ever had in my life.--beep beep edamame is still raw even after nuking (I should have fled when I heard it)--didnt think it was possible to ruin a Philly roll but you can if the cream cheese is RANCID!!--gari tastes of dishwasher rinse agent--nigiri rice is WARM under almost frozen hamachi!!--salmon wilted and old--retail grade maguro (House of Rice).All cashier/server could say after our complaints and charging full price was "would you like your receipt?" $60 FOR THE WORST SUSHI OF MY LIFE. PFFU^% OFF AND DIE!!!I only made it down the street to the Safeway where I had to pull over and PUKE!! Faded salmon and RANCID CREAM CHEESE!!!Wishing I could "unlike" C.N., Pam S. and MiMi P., after whose reviews I ventured to Sakura on Faith. SHAME ON YOU!!!
1	My daughter and I ate sushi there last Friday night and came down with a terrible case of salmonella food poisoning!!!  This place needs to close ASAP!!!YOU risk your life if you EAT THERE!!!  BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Real Japanese food prepared by Japanese in Fountain Hills. Their sushi boat is excellent. Just had dinner there on Satirday
5	Great service , Great food- Authentic Japanese Food !!I travled in Japan several times and knew what is the authentic Japanese food.  Sakura Inn 's chef is from Japan and is a real good chef. He is making the authentic sushi~Yummi. All seafood there is fresh !! The menu had such a large selection of great sushi, and if you don't know how to order it. ASK the owner !!  The service was wonderful. We enjoyed everything from start to finish, what a great place!  We will return back to that restaurant again!
5	This place is awesome. My family has had sushi from places all over the valley, and we just keep coming back here! It's such a comfortable, quiet place with excellent food at reasonable prices. Oh, and if you want something warm in addition to your Sushi, they make this unbelievable seafood bake. I can't remember exactly what it's called, but ask for "shrimp bake" and they'll know what you're talking about. Simply amazing.
5	This is an excellent small owned business.First I want to say that I lived in Japan for 5 years.  The waiters were very nice.  They weren't rude at all.  The Japanese run their businesses like a business and get things done.  The sushi was excellent.  Way better then what I get at Whole Foods!  My parents LOVED the grilled salmon with rice and a small salad.  Mom got the small salmon, which was only slightly smaller then the large (enough for a woman's portion) and had a scoop of white rice.  My Dad got the large salmon which had a fair sized piece of salmon with a bowl of rice (of which I got most of ^_^  Score!)  My mom couldn't stop talking about the green tea!  It was just as she remembered in Japan and she has tried many green teas since.  She would go back for just the tea.  Heck, we're going there tomorrow.  For the most part, in Japan they automatically add of 9-35% tip, depending on the group size.  This was 18% and I would have given them 20%.
