5	I've been eating these donuts for a few years now and so far I haven't met a Master Donut that I didn't like. The shop opens at 3am which is great for you early birds. There's nothing quite like a warm donut right out of the fryer! Ken (the owner I assume) is very friendly and really puts the frosting on the whole experience. My favorites include the Apple Fritter (it could use more apples but the size and texture more than make up for that), the Apple Cinnamon Bear Claw (it's probably bigger than an actual bear's claw!) and the French Crullers. The mere thought of these pastries currently has me salivating. Great mental picture huh? A dozen of these tasty treats will run you about $7.50 cash, leave the plastic at home.
4	Since Misti did her donut thing it got me wondering about my favorite donuts from master donuts haven't been here in over a year, so this morning I had to stop by to say hi to an old friend . I had two glazed and a cruller. The glazed were better then I remember , they are. Thick/fluffy about.  2 1/2 in thick , thin glaze not too sweet and not to light , texture wise.  I guess the exact opposite of a krispy creme. Which is a good thing. Nothing against kc , I would not turn one down , but kc is like eating sugar air. The cruller was good not great.       I guess my u could say my old friend got better.
5	Wonderful REAL donuts!! Fresh and fantastic!!! I have made this go to place for years!  If anyone ever asks about going to a chain I snub my nose at the suggestion and turn them on to Master Donuts. The family that runs the store are always very helpful and professional. They stay open as long as they have stock and only take hard cash for payment . GO THERE!!
5	great fresh cheap donuts!i got the donut holes and chocolate on chocolate donut. (you gotta go early if you want donut holes because they will sell out!)when you bite into their donut you can tell it was freshly made and not a few days old.friendly staff. cash only.
5	I think I may have found the best donut shop in all of Vegas.I got here at 3:30am, just as soon as they opened.  I was desperate for some fresh, hot donuts.  While they weren't hot out of the fryer (*snaps fingers*), they were quite delicious.  And the selection was enormous.  I tried a chocolate bar, glazed twist, buttermilk and French cruller.  All met my expectations.  Can't complain here.Edit: I did get a bit of a tummy-ache the next day from eating donuts so late and going back to sleep, but that was probably my own fault.
4	Pretty decent donuts. Some are better then Donut Hut's down the street, some aren't. Opens at 330am 7 days. One great plus is they make ham & cheese croissants everyday along with my roommates favorite "tractor tires" (french crullers). Very nice selection.
3	Soooo, let's see. Saturday Morning off running errands after a night out and of course I was in the mood for donuts. After our mispick for Donut Hut, it was time to try some Master Donuts.For the first time in my life, I did not order a whole dozen of donuts. We kept it simple, very simple.Donut Holes for my son: Dry, tasted old and not soft at all.Cinnamon roll: Almost Perfect. Not too sweet, a perfect blend of glaze and cinnamon seasoning. Soft and chewy on the inside with a nice bite and crisp on the outside.Chocolate dipped buttermilk: I didn't like it until I got to the very center of the donut. The outer edges were hard and dry. A bit too crispy really. But once I got to the middle it was joy. It was moist, soft, and flavorful. I only regretted getting the chocolate glaze because I didn't care for it at all. Sugar Twist: Soft, chewy and fresh. Melted like butter. Dee-lish!Custard donut: My man ate this and not I, his description is fresh and okay. When asked to further describe he stated just average. He wasn't overly delighted.Would we return? Yes, without a doubt. Is it my favorite donut spot in town? Not even close.
5	These are the best donuts I have come across in the Las Vegas Valley.  The quality and selection are always very consistent.  A dozen will run you $8 cash only. The gentleman working there, who I assuming is the owner, keeps the line moving along,  is very friendly, and offers suggestions for other donuts to try.
5	Probably the best donuts I've ever had, and I'm no stranger to donuts :)The strawberry icing you see in these pictures is the most flavorful strawberry icing I've ever had. If they have any, you should try one. I wanted a creme filled donut but he was sold out of those by like 8am. It's all supply and demand and folks demand um :)I don't know if the guy working the counter owns the place, but he treated us like he probably did. Super friendly and respectful. Even made some of his regulars (old guys) buddy up so my family could get a table. Cheap wonderful eats. This great 'locals' place deserves your business!
4	Eat local! Much better than Dunkin Donuts! Big donuts and always fresh as well.
4	We had a staff meeting one morning and had to make sure that we had snacks ready to go for the attendees, Dunkin' Donuts was kind of over done, so we decided that to try something different, why not the donut shop that we've passed by a number of times! We picked up a dozen, as for some reason, it seems as though everyone on staff is on a diet! lol I was not only able to try all of them, but I had a chocolate donut and it was dense, not airy like DD and not overly sweet, it was very good! And they were such a hit with the staff. We're definitely going to be grabbing a few dozen next time!
5	Highly recommend this place. Thanks to yelp I have found some of the best donuts in town!  I will be back!
2	We haven't been impressed with the donuts here. They are much more doughy than we like and the maple icing on the maple bar doesn't have much flavor. We've definitely had better donuts elsewhere.
3	A rating of 2.5 would be appropriate. I was on my way to another donut shop when a sign for Master Donuts caught my eye. I pulled in and purchased 2 apple fritters for our return flight.  These were good, though a bit crispier than our favorite, Ronald's Donuts.
3	Items selected:Sour CreamSprinkled CakeMaple Bacon TriangleApple FritterA small Asian-owned "classic" doughnut shop I'd walked or driven past no less than thirty times since arriving in Sin City I knew Master Donuts would eventually find its way into my weekend eating plans; that day finally coinciding with the winter solstice and a colleague's suggestion the prior day that he enjoyed them more than Al's (also in close proximity to the office.)  Decidedly 'hole-in-the-wall" with spotty floors and shaky tables yet a nearly full dining area during my 10am visit the collection set out before me consisted of mostly the standards and going the "standard" route with two of my favorites I deferred another pair to the young lady at the counter before paying the $4 cash tab and settling into a two-top.  Informed that nothing was technically "hot" as the days baking is mostly concluded at the 3:30am opening results were largely expected; the cake doughnuts outshining those raised while the fritter proved far superior to Ronald's or Al's with glazed crunch overlying a fluffy, oilless interior rife with cinnamon and pockets of what appeared to be skin-on chopped apples.
4	This place has great donuts.  If your ever in the area of Desert Inn and Eastern, stop in and enjoy.
5	Great doughnuts huge selection, the couple that own/run it are so nice.  One of my sons always gets apple fritters they are HUGE and so good and my other boy only gets chocolate cake doughnut and swears by them.. I only get glazed or sprinkled and always good and great prices
4	I've never actually been to this shop so I feel I can't give it a perfect 5 stars, but my coworkers used to bring in donuts from this place all the time and they were amazing! I will update my review once I get a chance to go for myself.
5	Listen, if you know anything about donuts. This is the best in town. Not no commercially made crap. Made fresh everyday by the same person. If that's not dedication. I don't know what is. They sell out everyday then they close. That in my opinion means something also. Like I said best donuts in town hands down.
5	I just love this place! I can't believe I've lived so close to master donuts for over a year and just visited for the first time! Very soft, tasty, reasonably priced donuts are what you can expect. The nice homey feel and cheerful staff is an added bonus. Whenever I have out of town company, this place is going to be a must stop on the itinerary. I'm definitely a fan!
4	Good quality donuts. If you are in the area and are looking for donuts Id recommend it. This place is tied for second in my book with real donuts on Charleston blv. Both places have good quality donuts at a fair price. However just be aware that it is not Ronalds donuts....that place is number 1.
5	Whip cream donuts are amazing!
5	Why! Oh Why!! did my friend point out that tucked away behind the 7-11 at the corner of Eastern and Desert Inn, in an old strip mall is a donut shop filled with the most amazing Bear Claws?!  I'd been zipping along that stretch of Eastern for years without a clue.  Now 'Fatpill Fridays' are in my venacular and I get to spend extra time on the elliptical to make up for that apple filled pillowy perfection.  So unfair!  So worth it!!As others have pointed out, it's cash only.  The man behind the counter is super friendly and the line has been out the door at 5:30am.
