2	Yes I've experienced better Chipotles. This location is always busy so when we order lunch for the office we fill out the fax sheet. Kinda hard to screw that up but somehow they did. My co-worker crossed out both squares for the beans, which clearly means NO BEANS. Well she got both black and pinto beans. She also complained that she didnt get enough meat. My order wasnt screwed up but about halfway through my bowl I kept asking myself  "where the f is the meat." After digging some more there was still barely any meat. We have eaten at that location several times and although the food is always good, they often times manage to screw something up. Never big screw ups but something is always off. No complains about the Alma School and Queen Creek location.Pluses: Nice location, liquor license!
4	4 days to Burritoholic!It all stared 4 days ago....just like any other ordinary day.  Someone mentioned I should check out this burrito place in lue of my usual.  I say, hey why not right.....wrong!!!!  Dam you Chipotle, dam you and your YUMMY food!  Monday was testing the waters, Tuesday was making some adjustments, Wednesday was fine tuning the little things, and Thursday I had it down to a science.  Oh ya, 4 days in a row for lunch.  Need I say more?
5	Ever since I was diagnosed with a Gluten intolerance, Chipotle's yummy burrito bowl has been my constant companion. The barbacoa is seasoned well and works even better with a kick of the Chipote Tabassco sauce!
1	I absolutely love Chipotle and in the past this location has been fine but tonight was awful.  My boyfriend decided to order online which seemed like a great idea except when he got home I realized something wasn't right about my burrito before I even opened it up.  It was misshapen and even though I just removed half the foil the burrito just fell apart. It's like the contents were trying to escape the tortilla. So I gave up and tried to eat it with a fork when I realized the meat wasn't fully cooked, as in tasted raw in the center of those tiny pieces (of which the burrito was seriously lacking). While my boyfriend's dinner seemed fine, he also commented that something didn't taste quite right.  Do I have to watch you make my food to get a decent burrito?  I've worked in fast food and just because someone calls in an order it doesn't mean you get to be lazy.
5	I love Chipotle and I've never had a bad meal at this location.  It does get busy at lunch, but the line moves fairly quickly.  The staff is always friendly, and the Margaritas are great!
5	This location has always gone above and beyond for me.  I have Celiac Disease and cannot ingest gluten.  Not only do they know their menu well (all of them) to steer me in the right direction, they follow the corporate guidelines for gluten intolerance perfectly including changing gloves, spoons, containers, washing hands, wiping down the line, etc.  They go out of their way to make sure you feel safe eating there.  What I especially like is they don't make you feel like a pain like sometimes other locations and restaurants can.  For some reason, them seem to understand that my need for them to follow protocol is a serious thing related to my health which I appreciate.  Even when I order online, the manager reviews often times what they've done or notes that they did follow gf procedures which gives that extra piece of mind.  I've been there many times especially when busy and I appreciate when one of the staff recognize me or my order which makes me feel welcomed and appreciated as a customer.  I have written tot he corporate office regarding their inconsistent gf protocol in each store (which is still better than the average restaurant and their understanding of gluten free) and mentioned that this location goes above and beyond and should be used as a model location.I appreciate all they do!
4	Burritos and BodybuildersThere's not usually much decor in Chiptole.  They keep their decorations and their food simple and to the point. But if you're in the age range of 15-40, there's plenty of male eye candy.  I think I saw 3 men who's muscles were 5 times the size of mine.  In fact, most of the people in the restaurant were men.  I'm not sure why or how, but it made my tacos a little tastier. ;)Enjoy!No five starts because I watched them put sugar in the rice. There's already so much sugar in everything, we don't need more in the rice please.
4	awesome place to eat. I come here regularly on my lunch break in the service is always friendly I recommend asking them to 'mix it up' for you once your burro is done they mix it all up before wrapping it :)
5	Went on a Friday night when it was super busy.  Line went fairly quickly and they were generous with their helpings...yes even the meat!  Everyone was really friendly.  Will go back again for sure!
5	The best hangover food!
1	I would never visit this location again. There meat portions are horrible. It is like they are being paid to skimp on the meat serving. Each time I have gone, you have to order double meat just to get a full scoop. I like Chipotle, and this is convenient for me which is why I have gone, but after this most recent visit I will drive to a different location even if it is further for more quality.Also, they are always backed up with a long line.I would recommend the Alma School location. They are fast, food is much better portioned, and staff has always been friendly.
1	Worst ever! I typically like these restaurants but this one is horrible.  Waited forever for our food and had to ask for one item since it was forgotten in the steamer. Then we were rewarded with it being slammed into a basket and shoved at us by a sneering girl who worked at a snail's pace. The chips were stale and the entire seating area a filthy mess. They weren't busy, so there's no excuse for any of this.
4	Had lunch with the wife, can't go wrong eating at Chipotle!
1	This used to be my go to Chipotle, compared to the one at Alma cause their rice was always undercooked. But I might head back there now cause like stated before on other reviews, the portions SUCK! The amount of food they give: whether it's rice, meat, salsa, etc., its all VERY LITTLE. not to mention the workers there are never happy. Never. Again.
1	I love*d* Chipotle until today. I waiting in line for 15 minutes. I got up the nice burrito-ista took my order and then she gave me the finger. Not the middle finger but the index finger. She told me to wait a minute as she pulled an online order off the wall and started putting together their order. Why did my time and money just suddenly lack importance? Do they really think customers won't be put-off by this process? Do they think at all about how this process would make their customer feel unappreciated? I say give a guy in the back a station to make online orders. Let the people with enough gumption to go into the restaurant actually place their order without getting "bumped" by someone who isn't even there.
2	Came on here to see whether I was crazy or if other people were experiencing the same two things: really slow service and very small portions. Yes and yes, it seems like. This has to be the slowest Chipotle in the nation... I will drive out of my way to go to other locations just to avoid the cashier who is there at night and wants to have really awkward conversations with EVERYONE in line. I even tried to be on my phone one time so I could avoid it. If you need to finish a book, head over to Chipotle and wait in line. You'll have the time to read that and maybe another.
1	Avoid at all costs unless you enjoy standing in line watching 4 people try to figure out how a burrito is made.  Slowest location I've ever seen, even when there's no line.  Never going back.
3	The food at Chipotle is amazing of course!But... There is always a line at this location because of how slow they make the food. They do skimp on the portions and seeing other people complain about it on here just reaffirms my suspicions. The workers have been courteous in my experiences... they just don't give a lot of meat.ALSO, the online ordering really slows the process down. I waited a long time while online orders were being made. Get rid of this online ordering, Chipotle. This is ruining your customer service.
1	This is the worst Chipotle location ever. Lines are always out the door... And I've never seen a line move so slow in my life. No joke, plan to wait around 30 minutes. There are 3 reasons for this:1. The employees are slow... And don't listen. I can't tell you how many times I've either had to have them remake my order entirely due to a lack of communication or add sides because they only put on a teaspoon of hot sauce.2. Not sure why people don't use the online ordering. In the land of Mormons (aka Gilbert), this would really make a difference in the line... One person will be ahead of you placing 10 orders they are reading off their phone. 3. Samples. "Can I try the chicken?" Who the hell needs to sample chicken?! I mean really, people. Get yourselves together. You're much better off going to the Chipotle location on Gilbert between Ray and Warner.
1	Wish I could give 0 stars. This is the slowest chipotle I've ever been to. Plus they skimp on everything. Avoid at all cost.
4	Gosh u love this place especially after the gym ..the chicken bowl with pinto beans hits the spot every time. .r he line can be long at times but where is there not a line for good food but I don't need to tell you all that ..hope all is having a great night ..I am
