3	They have a neon sign up 365 days that says "10% off special" :)This place is always packed, it's not my favorite but it's right there. They have a TON of people working, it's always crowded. I recently went with a few friends after stopping in old navy next door. did you know this place uses a file on your calloused feet? not just any file but an electric one, the same kind they use to file down acrylic nails. i'm not even kidding.it makes you super ticklish, i almost kicked the lady in the face a few times. they constantly try to up sell you and don't take no as an answer until after the 5th time you say no.'you want salt scrub?" No. "you don't want salt scub' NO. 'it will help make smooth' NO. You want flower?.....you get the ideabut in the end, as long as you continue to say no, a pedicure is only $20. I'll take it :)
4	Always packed but the best pedicures.very simple nothing fancy about the place but everyone who works there is always really nice.
5	I was a customer of this nail salon until about a year ago,when we moved to California. I felt the need to let you know...you will love this place. I was a little nervous when we first moved to the area,there are alot of shops in the neighborhood & I had not had to get a new nail person for several years. Everytime I saw someone with nice nails I asked where they went & after a few replies that this was a great shop,I decided to give it a try. Shawn usually did my nails,I have acrylic pink & whites, & he is the best! Fast...yet a perfect job every time! If he wasn't there,no worries everyone that ever did my nails did a great job!As far as pedicures go...no offense to anyone else that has ever done my pedicures,but...the girls here are the best I have ever had! Enough soak time,callous' gone,I tend to get an ingrown toe nail on a toe that I had surgery on & they always took care of it with as little pain as possible.Better than I could ever do! They have a very good selection of polish (even though I usually took my own...I would have had a hard time deciding) ;)About a year ago they got ALL NEW state of the art Pedi Chairs. Their old chairs weren't bad,but the new ones are wow! I freaked out the first time because the chairs auto-fill & I was afraid it was going to go over the top! It knew exactly when to stop! LOLI already plan to stop in for a pedicure & fill next time we go back to Ahwatukee for a visit. I can hardly wait!
2	I used to LOVE this place.  Used to be able to walk in with no appt and get right in.  Then the waits started getting longer and longer, so I started making appts. Well after four times of them not having anyone there for my appt I had to stop coming. I understand things happen - something comes up, someone gets sick, or they are late, but after their techs never show up and not having a backup after they know there is an appt I had to stop coming. They do a great job and are really nice but when I show up a few times a week to get fills and no one is there I needed to find a reliable place.  Such a bummer too cause I really liked their work.
4	The ladies that work here at Comely Nails are so fun to be around! The do my Mani-pedi's exactly the way I like them done. Sometimes they get a little pushy with up-selling 'flowers and designs' on your nails but a simple no thank you works. While getting my pretty on, they keep the place alive with conversation and have even taught me a little bit of their language.
4	I'm new to the area and went to Comeley Nails this weekend with a friend. It was crowded on Saturday, but we called ahead, and there were two chairs for us when we arrived. Since they were busy, they had us soak our feet while they worked on some other customers. We didn't really mind since we were chatting away. When they worked on our nails, they were friendly and seemed to do a very good job. We were very pleased with the service and the price. It was also convenient that you can add the tip to your credit card since some nail shops won't do that. I will be back and would recommend this place to others.
1	The only salon after 15 years in Ahwatukee that has given me a nail infection. For instance, if you get gel nails, they put your hands right on the dirty UV machines, with no towel.
5	I was pleasantly surprised! The friendly staff greeted me as soon as I walked in. Terry did such an excellent job! I will definitely be coming here from now on...
4	I've been a customer for a year now, I was referred by a person that comes here.  The customer service is great, they are all friendly and always remember me.  Its not the closet to me, but its worth the extra drive.
5	I love this salon.  It's a assembly line but in such a good way.  What that means is you can almost always walk in and get in without an appointment.  They are always so friendly and welcoming and happy to see you.  They greet you at the door and ask what you need immediately.  I get high end pink and whites and Terry does a great job. Now there is a new guy who did the job last week and did a fabulous job.  The manicures are terrific and the girls so talented that I always add a flower or something special now. I really like these folks.  I like their customer service, their attitude and their expertise.  The place is always jammed so don't believe any of the bad reviews here.  Try it yourself.
4	It is not a fancy place, but it is clean, cheap, and these ladies do a good job!  Manicure and spa pedicure  with a design on your toes is $38 + tip.  They are in a separate building right by Old Navy if you are having trouble finding them.  I have gone every month for 2 years with no issues.  Open weeknights til 7pm, but you must get there by 6 for your service.  Also open Saturdays and Sundays.
5	Best nail salon in Ahwatukee!! My mom, sister, and I have been regular customers at Comeley Nails for over 11 years!! They do such a great job we keep coming back! They given THE BEST massages which is the main reason my mom goes! she only gets clear polish but she goes for the massage haha! They have had a lot of the same staff for years which is nice considering a lot of nail salons seem to filter through employees every month. I will say that I get my gel manicures (French tip) at another salon because the other place does such an incredible job that it can't be matched. I have tried gel manicures at Comeley but prefer just regular ones with them. the prices are very low for he quality of service. my manicure always lasts at least 7-8 days with no chips and the pedicure usually lasts about a month! We love this salon and will continue to be routine customers for the next 11 years!
1	This salon uses home improvement tools on your feet (like a Dremel sanding tool). They aren't changing the sanding pad in between customers. They told me they bought it at Home Depot. I have since found out that this is illegal!
4	Super nice staff and they are really good with the pedicure. I enjoy this place and would def come bAck again. Clean establishment and lots of staff here to cut back on the wait time.
4	Absolutely recommend it. Great value, experience and happy with results. Even though it was a busy Saturday, I was quickly greeted and sat for a pedicure. I liked that they took their time, unlike some places where one feels they're just trying to get the next one in.
