5	Dr. Xa is awesome! His staff is very proffesional. The office is clean and comfortable. I went to him after Dr. Hart overcharged and under treated me. Read my review about Dr. Hart Montesito dental.Dr. Xa fixed the crowns and didn't overcharge me. He's very knowledgeable and really cares about his patients.
5	Dr.  Xa is the best.  Straight forward,  no beating around the issues, his staff is so professional.  Scheduling is perfect,  no extended waits,  you walk in and they're ready for ya!
1	My experience was one of the worst for dentist's in general. The main concerns - Dr. Xa was fine, but he suggested I get a deep cleaning and I was told by 2 other dentists that it was not necessary. I know opnions very from dentist to dentist, but my teeth were not in bad shape at all. I take very good care of them. The lady that numbed my mouth and that preformed the deep cleaning - horrible. When she was numbing my mouth, it was excruciating. I've had my mouth numbed and I would like to think I have a very high pain tolerance and I have no issues with needles. But good god, I swear she was just rough. Throughout the entire cleaning, she was so rough, I flinched a few times and she seemed to not care or even ask if I was okay. Just keep on digging! My last complaint - My entire mouth was numb. She didn't ask me if I wanted to see a mirror nor did she clean the paste that was all around my mouth. Seriously? I have been in for numerous cleanings and they always clean your mouth off or ask if you want to see a mirror to clean it off. I had just assumed when she dabbed my mouth a couple of times that she must have not gotten much on my face. Nope. I walk out after paying, get in my car and there was dried paste all over my mouth. All of the ladies up front would have seen it too, and not one of them thought "Hmmm, maybe we should tell her that her mouth is covered with paste and maybe she'd like to wipe it off?". I'm sorry, it's just very poor customer service there and it's not welcoming. Who loves the dentist? No one I can think of. So you should make it a warm, comfortable place so people feel more at ease. I have never had such an unpleasant experience at a dentist. There are much more professional offices in this area, so please check around!
5	Excellent, excellent. Top notch. Very professional, easy to talk to, and give off the impression that they really care about your well being. Will be my dentist for a long time.
5	I've been to many dentist offices around town, and no place is as good as Starbrite! They are very punctual and professional! I'll be a patient here for a long time!
5	I like this place. The nurses are always nice.I did the deep cleaning and now go back for cleanings every 6 months. Dr Xa is nice and explains things well.
