2	The cake it self was tasted great, fluffy, and moist. However the decoration was so far off that I can't get passed it. Green Bay packers. The frosting was a very light green and the helmet was freakin pink.
5	Best cake ever.  Deserts are tasty.  Always clean.  You won't find a better cake or desert place.
4	Manuel is the owner for Cake World. I've been going to him for years. We order all birthday cakes for the whole family from this bakery since 2004. Even cookies we donate for my boys' charity drive, always a HIT with the teachers, parents and kids. I'm probably biased though cause he is close to our home.       I just hired him to make my parents' 50th anniversary cake, a 2 tier fondant with gold rhinestones which I'll be providing. I will post pictures after the party.       I love doing business with him, him and his wife are easy to talk to, as far as ordering what I need for whatever occasion and the sweet treats are never too sweet. I don't like sweets too much but i order them to satisfy my husband and boys' cravings.
4	I used this bakery for my son's first birthday cake. At that time, I was not thrilled about the decorating skills on the cake, but it tasted great. So this year, I decided to give them a second chance. I spoke with Manuel about our last experience and he reassured me that he would make it right this time. I provided several photos of ideas of acceptable cake designs and even provided figurines of the characters to incorporate on top. When I picked up the cake, I was disappointed again. The decorating was not the worst, but he added an edible printout of the character that was too small scale for the cake size. It was also smooshed a bit and not evenly placed on top which sucked since it was the center of the design. The rest of the piped-on decor was decent. To his credit, the cake was delicious. The chocolate cake was so moist and the fresh strawberries were awesome. I love their whipped cream frosting which is not too sweet and very light.I know I will return to this bakery again in the future, but only if I do not have a complicated cake design request.
