5	Best music store in Phoenix.  Yes, it is a pawn shop.  Yes, most of the stuff is used.  No, its not a dirty, back alley kind of place.  No, they don't hassle you and low-ball.Tucked into the same strip as the deliciously caffeinated Lux and the wonderful, mozzarella of dreams Pane Bianco, Music Brokers is a place that would go unnoticed but shouldn't.If you're going for your first guitar or trading up, this is the place to do it.  The give you good value for their trades and they don't over price the equipment they do have.  You can outfit your whole band here from cables to guitars to pedals to mics and save yourself some cash while get better products for the money than anywhere else.If you are a fan of older keyboards go to the rear.  They have an ample selection of Fender Rhodes, Moogs and Wurlitzers.  Seriously cool stuff.Great selection of British and American amps, Orange, Vox and Marshall. Check out the competition, buy and sell here.
5	One of the best in Phoenix. They did a really good job repairing and setting up a guitar for me, for a low price. I had the guitar back within a couple of hours.  The guys who work there and run the place are way nicer than what you expect from most music store employees. They never hassle you or tell you not to touch guitars etc. This place is highly recommended.
1	Customer service was horrible. They lost a $700 sale because the Guy behind the counter was a dick.
4	I went in there to look around one day, and even though I didn't buy anything, it had me really wanting to, a lot more than Guitar Center does, and most of their stuff is used. It's not really close to me but anytime I'm around there I'm gonna be sure to stop in and check out what good they are carrying and hopefully find the gem I've been looking for.
5	Good selection of effects and used amps. They also have a lot of the 60s lawsuit era guitars and vox, silvertone, Kay, and other second tier brands from the 60s and 70s. The guy working there was helpful.
5	If you're looking to buy an instrument ALWAYS check here first, ESPECIALLY if you are a lefty. We have purchased many instruments super cheap for my boyfriend here just because they are left handed and rarely anyone buys them so they want to get rid of it. If your lucky they throw in a free strap or something too. The guys here are very helpful and knowledgeable, sometimes they can be dicks but they always answer your questions and they don't screw you over. They have a huge variety of instruments to choose from, so check it out!
