4	i love taxes! i love driving on paved roads, police officers, sturdy bridges, firefighters, teachers. i just hate knowing that most of my taxes are going to places i'd probably rather not know about. due to living and working in more than 3 states this year, with a few properties involved, i opted to have some help with my taxes this year. it was painless and basically all i had to do was say "yup" or "nope" most of the time. my preparer was very professional and pleasant and had me out of there in about 45 minutes! my only gripe was the appt time....i had to wait 30 minutes after my scheduled appt because the lady she was helping wouldn't shut her yapper....ev en more pleased to have a super polite and professional tax preparer!
4	I've been getting my taxes done by Lisa at this branch for two years (about to be three) and I've been nothing but pleased with the experience. It's a seamless process. I call and make an appointment, see Lisa and she goes through my taxes item by item. I've received a decent refund each year and Lisa is super friendly throughout the whole experience. They are pretty competitive pricing wise and I'd say pretty cheap. Taxes are about as exciting as watching paint dry but at least I know that by going to this branch I am going to be in and out before I can feel too much misery! So friends, hopefully this review will help you as tax season approaches.
5	Never did I expect to leave a review for a place that did my taxes but I felt compelled to.  This was my first time to this office and my taxes were a little complicated this year.Martelle was my advisor and put me right at ease.  She was very professional and helpful.I will be back!
4	My tax accountant retired and I had to find a replacement fast. I called H&R block and had an appointment with Jill. Jill was very patient with me and my receipts. She was very professional and courteous. She checked and doubled check my return and answered all my questions. I would highly recommend Jill. I gave 4 stars because it is pricey. My return ended costing me $272.00! Ouch!
1	I strongly suggest that any individual that uses this location is aware that pricing is fluid and nebulous.  Even when you ask specific questions regarding pricing, you get double speak, vague responses and a surprise at the end.  Trust is so important in a service such as this and this location has absolutely obliterated that trust.  The manner and nature of their response has added even more to the loss of trust.   Frankly... I'll never use them again."Caveat emptor...  Let the buyer beware."
