1	Management has changed, and with that went the customer service and quality.Just a few minutes ago, I ordered with some co-workers from the cafe (they are in the first floor of our building). The milk was spoiled-it smelled and tasted extremely sour. So it was taken back down. Instead of apologizing and attempting to make it right-the manager poured it in a cup of coffee and said "it's not curdling-it's fine, see?"  I'm sorry-excuse me? She relented and refunded for the milk.Extremely unfriendly, unprofessional, and just horrible-especially considering how much they are charging for food.
4	I have been employed as a server at the cafe since May of last year.The couple who own it, also work in the cafe everyday.  They are a delight to work for and we are friends with nearly all of clientele.  It is a refreshing change from all the corporate chain restaurants in Charlotte.  The food is surprisingly good and healthy and the lowest priced food you can buy in the area.
4	My wife and I have enjoyed this place for many years. A true family owned and run diner experience. Breakfast - Chicken biscuits are solid. They use real chicken which is tough to find in some diners. Not sure if they have a coffee meter on all their coffee cups, but right when you are down to your last sip, there is Dee to fill it right back up. Lunch - we usually go with the large greek salad with grilled or breaded chicken. Really can't go wrong with either. They even make their own croutons and salad dressing. If you are in a sandwich mood, go with the chicken salad sandwich. Only complaint I have is, my wife and I have been going here for 3 years now and they just got a TV this year. Now I can catch the news in the mornings and catch March Madness or Golf without having to leave the building. Very nice..
3	Management has definitely improved their service, menu, cleanliness. Huge improvement!
2	2 things that are going to make a lot of people quit going:1) Prices continue to get higher, close to the point of why eat there unless you are swamped at work and work in the building and need to eat @ ur desk?...you could go to better places with better food and pay what they are charging now..i could literally drive/walk a few hundred yds to Panera and get a better salad for the same $2) Along with this they are taking a lot of their sandwichs and removing side dishs so you have to buy them ala carte..so with a patty or wrap, where u used to get fries, now for the same price on the sandwich if u want fries u shell out an extra $2.49...So a wrap that used t have a side for $5.25 now would be $7.75..again i could go multiple places area southpark and get better for the same price or lessAlso the help they have their are confused to say the least...trying to place a to go order, pay for it and pick it up is a chinese fire drill..I've seen better organized cock fights than their counterwhile i give them props for vastly improvong the food from the last owners, they are losing the reason most people eat there: convenience....theres only so much folks will pay for convenience when better is only a short walk/drive from our building
