5	Listen, I party. A lot.  And I don't drink and drive.  I will however, pay off an imaginary DUI by taking Uber to and from places each time I go out.  On the evening of Halloween, my wife and I decided to party on Mill.  We knew that traffic would be terrible, as well as any overnight parking.  And worse, surge rates for Uber would be off the charts.  We both felt that getting a local hotel would be the best option.  After an exhaustive search, I came across the newly remodeled Graduate Tempe.  It was a bit more than the other hotels, but the location worked out well.Here is what was great about it, from start to finish:-- The website was easy to navigate.-- The lobby was completely redesigned and looked fantastic.-- The staff was friendly.  Paid attention to details, and even had a bellhop waiting to see if we needed help up to the room.-- The school theme was well thought out.  Even the room key cards look like old student ID's.  Hotel stationary looks like composition notebooks, and instead of hotel pens, #2 pencils.-- I freak out about cleanliness everywhere I go. The room was flawless.  From the bedding, to the bathroom, to the towels.-- All new everything! I don't mean to call out other local boutique hotels in the valley (Clarendon, El Dorado, etc.) but everything has been replaced in the rooms. Not just fresh paint, but the chairs, paintings, bedding, T.V., etc.  Here is what I would have changed:-- I didn't get a chance to really enjoy the room or the balcony.  We were there for such a short time. -- The same goes for trying out the newly refurbished "Normal Diner," which replaced the IHOP that had been there for years.  Both of those things are my fault, though.It was a fantastic looking hotel that I would love to go back to.  I usually stay at hotels based on price, and look forward to some great deals from The Graduate.Even at a regular room rate, you cannot go wrong with this hotel. Five stars for location, staff, amenities, and cleanliness.
5	Amazing Staff.  I was an ASU grad.  Had to stay at this location when PV EAST Aic conditioning went out.  NOTHING like it was back then.  The Graduate is AWESOME.  Amazing staff, great rooms and thank god the IHOP is gone because that breakfast spot is the best.  I'll be staying here for every ASU football game.
5	Only one word comes to mind when I think about this hotel - BOOM! The room and decor were enough for 4 stars, but the staff really cranked up the rating. Best hospitality staff I have ever encountered! Be sure to check out the restaurant for some crazy drinks you would never think of making on your own.
5	I have 2 words for you, Freaking Fantastic!!! I have stayed in countless hotels across the US and most are boring without any character. This place is quite the contrary. The Graduate has this fun Hipster-College-Americana vibe. I absolutely loved it. I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights, so I got to know the ins and outs of this place. The rooms are extremely clean and comfortable. The staff are very nice and helpful. And their restaurant, The Normal Diner, had great service and really good food. I will be back!
5	Large, clean rooms.  Very comfortable beds.  Fridge in room.  Bathroom is large and well stocked.  Plenty of accessible outlets.  Very enjoyable stay, would return again.Keurig machine needed cleaning, tried to make tea and the hot water was nasty.Fitness center - single treadmill, bike, and elliptical as well as free weights was clean,new and well maintained.The Normal Diner (connected to the hotel) had excellent meals and service.
4	Awesome place to stay when near ASU. Friendly staff and brand new fittings. The rooms have been retrofitted retro, with awesome lamps and art work. However, the carpet pattern on the floor levels are hideous. The bar at the bottom has decent servers.
1	I only left one star, because there wasn't an option lower than this.  I'm not a picky traveler, but expect hotels (much like any other business in the service industry) would provide a good service, well kept rooms, and ALWAYS pay attention to detail.This hotel doesn't pay attention to detail.  I read one post that said they provide free red bull (they don't).  They have a small cooler (12"x12") with red bull in it, but they "lost the key".  Then why not take it out of the lobby?When I arrived to my room, this is what I discovered.  Sure it appears trendy from the pictures, but the materials and furnishings resemble something purchased from a garage sale.  Don't get me wrong, I LOVE garage sales, but these items resemble something that crazy Uncle Eddy threw out of his RV on his way to the Griswalds for Christmas dinner.The short list of things wrong with my room were the following:The bathroom mirror wasn't attached to the wall; the provided bottle of body was completely EMPTY; the safe for the room was small and not fastened down to anything.  So locking away valuables is a good idea, but a 9lb safe is easy to pick up and leave a room with.  The small provided fridge didn't work; there were only 2 small drawers to use for clothing; the toilet seat was barely bolted to the toilet; the TV didn't work, nor did the outlet by the bed for changing my cell phone.  Lastly, when logging into their wifi, it said my room "didn't exist".They make the online website navigation and pictures look good.  However, the real thing is not what you would expect.  We checked out after 2 days of an 8 day vacation and went to a Holiday Inn Express.  The Holiday Inn was much nicer, and even less expensive.Again, I'm not a picky traveler.  I only expect that businesses focus on their core competency, and not just rape a business for cash.  This is clearly what's happening here.  Take the $, and put a very limited amount back into an operating budget.  I like giving smaller guys the benefit of the doubt, but this one stung, and I won't be staying here again.They also refused to refund my $.  Which tells me they don't care about your experience, or repeat business.  All they want to do is take the cash and run.
