5	I had 45 minutes between teaching in the morning and getting to my afternoon copywriting gig, and I needed my car inspected. I stopped at this Jiffy Lube location, and not only did they get my inspection complete, they changed my oil, topped off my fluids, and vacuumed my carpets in time for me to get to work. That is spectacular service. I walked over to the Bank of America to deposit a check at the ATM, and by the time I got back, they had everything done. I was really impressed, and they even gave me free tickets to a baseball game and a gift certificate for a free carwash. For some reason, this location offers a lot of freebies.
5	This is a darn fine Jiffy Lube.  The people greet you like Starbucks baristas.  They make a point to show you the bathroom and get you comfy in the waiting room, both of which are shockingly clean and have... hard wood floors?!  The bathroom at this Jiffy Lube was nicer than many bars I've been to.  And everything else is the quality you need - super fast oil change, vacuum, check other fluids and filters.  You know what to expect for your car at a Jiffy Lube.  What stands out is when you actually feel cozy at someplace that works on your car.Oh.  And they are open on SUNDAYS!  Business win.  Go to the early service and when you get here around 11, there's virtually no wait!
3	The oil-change side is fantastic. The manager believes in superior service. But AVOID the inspection side.  Apparently they are two seperate divisions. Most of the time the inspection guy is nowhere to be found. Poor customer service also. Slow & doesn't want to be there. So, oil service side - excellent. Inspection side - HORRIBLE.
2	Inspection slow and unprofessional. Left my car dirty and smelling of cigarettes. Should have known better based on yellow-toothed manager.
2	First, the cost for the oil change was too high; at least twice what I would normally pay at the dealership for the same work... oh wait it wasn't the same work.They cleaned my glass with a dirty rag, didn't really vacuum the interior all that well, topped off all my fluids by spraying most of them (including the oil) onto the engine bay, side, and front of the vehicle and failed to close the air filter canister correctly.However, most troublesome is that they didn't bother to pull the skid plate on my 4Runner to access the filter correctly. That is a big job for a shop like this I suspect. I would have been happy for them to explain that they don't normally pull skid plates and offer me the oil change at a lower price (without filter change), but they didn't. So, now I have a skid plate full of oil leaking all over my driveway and I have to pull the plate and fix their inability to be professional.
