2	My wife and I visited this restaurant on July 6, 2009, The waiter was unhappy that he only had a few tables to wait on, yet this seemed to many, he was getting the tables orders mixed up, and forgetting the order that people were sat down. It took over 30 minuets for us to get our salad, and if you have ever been to an Olive Garden, that's the easiest thing to get. Now if that wasn't bad enough, there wasn't any dressing on the salad, then to top it off we sat there for 20 more minuets after we were done waiting for a bill. The meals was OK, not the greatest, yet I think the over all, food was good, service was terrible.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants to dine at... The service is always wonderful & the food is always good, fresh, and leaves you full and satisfied. I love the complimentary breadsticks (unlimited), they are sooo good and are always hot and fresh! They taste even better if u order some alfredo sauce to dip them in. My favorites: 1. The Tour Of Italy: Delicious. Great 1st choice if you've never been there before and don't know whether u want to try the spaghetti or the alfredo.It comes with a slice of lasagna, some fettucine alfredo, and some chicken parmigiana. Very good!! 2.Chicken Fettuccine Alfredo: Really satisfying, I ordered mine with extra chicken (it doesn't come wit very much.) 3. Chicken And Dumpling Soup: Yum! the dumplings are sooo good! I never really mind waiting for my food, I usually try to dine at places like this when I want to spend time with my family, friends, or a little one on one time with my husband. As long as the food is hot and fresh, and the service is great, i have no complaints!! :]] If I wanted fast food type of italian food, I would go to a fast food type restaurant, like Fazoli's.
3	Eh... I ordered a steak dish with cheese raviolis. It is one of their limited time menu items. The steak pieces were little medallions and they were suppose to come out medium but they were definitely well done... no pink at all. My sister had the steak skewers and hers were just as well done also ordered medium.  The salad was good as usual and service was decent.
4	Lunch time service and food is awesome. Dinner was ok when we were here a week ago. This time we came for lunch. The food was amazing, the service was so friendly. We told them about our last visit and we had dessert tasting and one was warm and she took it off our bill. The portions are smaller at lunch but you can upgrade if you tell them. I'm only coming here now for lunch.
3	Food was hot and delicious but the service sucked. Ordered the soup & salad combo and was given 3 bowls of salad before any soup showed up. The Alfredo was good but the steak was overcooked. Chicken parmesagna was good but dry. Service was slow to nonexistent to forgetful. Manager was running around trying to fix everything.
3	Always a fan of the breadsticks and salad. The Gluten free menu as far as my gluten free friend was concerned felt it only rated a 3 for choices.  There are @ least 6 dishes to choose from but they only came with penne pasta. She felt there needed to be more choices of gluten pasta to choose from.
4	Good Ole reliable Olive Garden.  You're not going to get 5 star service, you're not going to get 5 star food.  What you will get is some pretty darn good italian food at a reasonable cost, especially if you go there during their all you can eat soup and salad or the never ending pasta bowl.The Olive Garden has become one of those places where you know the food is going to be good everytime you go.  They don't move their menu around every 6 months like alot of places do.  They offer consistency over variety.  That's not to say the food is boring, quite the opposite.  The Olive Garden has found a niche that works for them and I for one appreciate it.On occasion they will bring some new dishes from their culinary school that might be worth a try.  They also do the same thing with their seasonal desserts.  Which reminds me, if you haven't tried the pumpkin cheesecake ye, WTF are you waiting for.  That thing is delicious!
1	We were in town for a vacation and decided to go to this OG to celebrate a birthday.  First, let me say that the waiter was not very friendly.  He made mention that our table was the last one and he could leave after us.  Hi, Rude!  He got drinks mixed up for our group and poured different drinks into people's glasses.  Honestly, I would recommend a drug test because the behavior had chronic written all over him.  When passing the drinks out, he actually told someone "can you pass this down because I am not going to try going behind the seats".  HELLO, it is your job!  And if the seats are too close to the wall, then move the table out so the wait staff can get behind people.When the waitress asked if we wanted marinara dipping sauce for our bread sticks, she should have mentioned that it was for a fee.  We were surprised to find that each one was around $8!  Again, these places tend to nickel and dime you for everything.  Had we known this, we certainly would not have ordered it.The last straw was when they came out to sing happy birthday, they brought out a small dish with whipped cream, drizzled with chocolate and a candle in it.  REALLY?  We spend a good amount of money and they couldn't spring for a REAL dessert?  It was laughable and became the butt of a running joke amongst us for the rest of our trip.  I mean really, who does that, whipped cream with a candle in it?We have been to other OG restaurants and have received much better service.  I would skip this one in particular and find another OG where they still believe in good customer service.
1	Yeah, one star for stealing my honey's credit card.  Thank goodness American Express is more loyal to its customers than you people are.  Using his credit card up & down Nellis blvd is retarded. Eat a dick & gain some integrity.
1	My co-workers and I went to lunch here because we had an extra 30 mins from our usual 1 hour lunch time thinking we would have plenty of time.  Lets just say we used up the whole lunch time and half the time we would be looking for our waitress.  I was very disappointed and I even told our waitress that we are on our lunch so we like our orders to be place right away and that just bring our food out when it was ready.Not your  usual olive garden standard!
4	It's Olive Garden. I love the salad I get it with Italian dressing and ranch on the side and mix it together, then dip my bread sticks in it. I drink the peach iced tea and both moscatos red or white both delish. I do not venture into the new items on the menu other than drinks because I was disappointed twice to many. So I just  get what's on the OG menu. Oh and yes service is great here, even on the east side.
2	Been to this Olive Garden twice with my family. Obviously if it was up to me, I wouldn't have come back a 2nd time. The salad and breadsticks are always good, but the main courses are seriously bad here. Both times I've eaten here I've gotten sick. Tried different stuff each time, didn't matter. The service is lacking here also. While everyone is nice, the service is very slow.
2	This used to be one of my favorites restaurants,not anymore, the last couple of times that I visit this place the eating experience has been terrible. From poor service to mediocre food. I will defenitely will remove this place from my reaturant list. is not worth the money.
5	My boyfriend and I just recently had a marvelous lunch at Olive Garden on the East side. It was splendid! Our Waiter was so attentive and the meal was devine. The meat was so tender and the spices on the pasta were postively mouth tingling. Just really made my day to have such a nice experience!
2	Bread is the best part of the whole meal!
3	I think it's safe to say that Olive Garden's food is consistent through all of their locations. Consistent, but not all that great, as far as Italian food goes. But it's the premier choice for Italian on a budget!This particular location has great service! They were more than accommodating to the picky kid at our table and quick with taking orders, bringing food and doling out refills.
4	OGs has always been a favorite of mine and it remains so. Tried out the limited 3-course dinner special with Dad. Great value for the price and as always the food didn't disappoint. Both of us branched away from our usual type of selection; Dad going with the Tuscan Grilled Chicken (grilled chicken in a sweet red wine demi glace) and me with the Bucatini pasta with meat sauce. I rarely do red sauces. The meat sauce was good; not too acidic for a red and the blend of ground beef and italian sausage pleasing and flavorful. I'm thinking, even a repeat for me. Tasted Dad's chicken and liked the glaze on it. Moist, nice char marks...good chicken. Another satisfying meal in the books.
4	Love the peach iced tea with real peach slices :-)
3	So, yah... I'm reviewing another Olive Garden. We came here not of our own volition but it was requested on a very busy day of the year, so we had quite a long wait. Considering how extremely busy they were, the wait wasn't all that bad, screaming babies in the waiting area aside. Once we sat down and got our server's attention he, the manager and even the busboy were all very attentive. I give the staff here props for checking up on us regularly and keeping the refills and breadsticks coming. The food is still eh. I would prefer soup, salad and breadsticks, but I decided on the peach chicken thing and it was just too sweet and weird. Even weirder that it was served with a pasta topped with alfredo sauce. Just a weird combination for me. Overall the meal was ok but the service is really what stood out to me.
1	I haven't been to an Olive Garden in years and now I remember why....I ordered a cocktail that took almost 15 to receive and upon receiving it, it was the wrong drink and my friend who ordered the soup was told that, sorry it didn't look very good, that it was the bottom of the barrel...seriously, who says that? The salad was drowning in their dressing, the chicken and vegetables were swimming in sauce...it was horrible, save yourself a few bucks and eat fast food!
3	I've been to this Olive Garden quite a few times in the past few years since i've lived on this side of town, and finally can write a review of my recent experience. Each time i go here i usually get my chicken alfredo. Nothing special but the past couple of my experiences i get the never ending pasta bowl.The pasta is ok, sauce is too thick in my opinion and when i bring home leftovers it doesn't age too well. after 5 to 10 hours it doesnt taste appetizing and you don't feel like eating it.The soup and salad is tasty i enjoy it more than the pasta.Service is good as well. We walked in for lunch on a monday and it wasn't full so we got a table quite quickly, and we didn't have to sit down.  Our waiter was fast, friendly and very informative. He told us new menu items and what he personally liked. He was very clean and very professional. Great service.Overall though, it's just an ok experience, It's Olive Garden, Not really the best pasta, good breadsticks, professional look and great service most the time. it's just the food that isn't "on par" with service.
2	Olive Garden "jumped the shark" years ago.  They are a drain on the income of the company that owns them because they can't justify the prices they charge, thus less people are going in year after year.  The food is bland and overpriced, example, $13.00 for spaghetti and meatballs, $16 for lasagna????  Your food better be damn good at those prices, and Olive Garden is not even close.  There are so many restaurants that have better food and lower prices in Vegas that it's just a matter of time before Olive Garden is no more....one caveat:   the servers are really good, they try their best to do everything right, I can't fault them for the company's food and pricing problems.
1	I love Italian food. Never visited an Olive garden before. My wife had a $25 dollar gift card, so I took my wife here to use the gift card and try out the olive garden.   My first impression upon walking in was not good due to the bad smell. Smelled like stale Parmesan cheese mixed with the body odor of several people that havent taken a bath in a month.  I sat down and was given menus. The menus had dried food smeared all over them from previous customers.   The waiter had cookie crumbs on his shirt, and what appeared to be salad dressing stains on front of shirt.   I was tempted to walk out, but decided what the hell, lets use this gift card up.  Ordered the special   unlimited bread sticks, soup, or salad, and pasta with sauce for me and wife. (9.99 each) Waiter brought a basket with a whopping 3 bread sticks. I got the salad, wife got soup. The salad tasted pretty good, but mostly had just 3 green salad leafs. The rest was mostly salad stems, onions, croutons and other junk. They give you a big bowl of salad and it is mostly stems. I could have asked for more salad, but I might have to argue about not finishing what was brought to me.    The pasta seemed to have been sitting around for a while before I arrived. It was dehydrated and not fresh. had to use knife and fork to cut it up. The marinara sauce had an off smell and taste to it. I could only manage to force myself to take a few bites. What crap!!!! The back ground smell, and the pasta smell and taste almost had my stomach churning.     the fun part was when the waiter brought the check. The total was 28.39, I gave him the 25 dollar gift certificate, and 3.40 in cash. had to wait for 15 minutes for my change., and waiter tried offering us dessert, which was included. I declined desert, as the deserts were probably crap too. I took my penny of change and departed with out leaving a tip. Needless to say I wont be coming back there. The prices are a bit high, and the quality of the food is terrible. The staff seems friendly and attentive, but jeezz the smell in there just makes you look at at the dirtiness around you more, and makes you wonder how clean is the kitchen.
2	Barley a 2 star. The food was good the service simply was not good.  Out server was very nice she took our order,  we got our good but then we were just forgot about. Ordered auce soups and salad. Only got 1 salad and 1 soup after a 30 min of waiting finally got someone to get is a second bowl of soup.  This is strange because I have been to this location several times in the past and have never had a problem even with large parties.
3	I honestly just come to Olive Garden for their unlimited soup, breadsticks & salad for $6.95. I always get the Tuscan sausage soup. I've tried Tuscan soups in different restaurants & for some reason Olive Gardens always trumps everyone else's. Tuscan soup has a little kick to it. It's made in a thin creamy broth with ground sausage, kale, potatoes & delicious seasonings. They add grated cheese (at your preference), which makes it even better. Always gotta get their Peach Bellini as well! Bomb!The beau got the Chicken Alfredo. Not a big fan of Alfredo but I always sneak a bite. They have some newer items on the menu. There's a special-- buy one now, take one to go for $12.99. Which is a pretty good deal for all the leftover Lovin fatties!Olive Garden has one of the best Moscatos I've ever tasted. Also I tried their Roscato, which is a delicately fizzy sweet red wine. One of my new found obsessions. & I'm not a big Red wine drinker either. Staff is pretty ok here. It's kind of hit or miss. Today we had the pleasure of being waited on by, Lilibeth. She was pretty attentive.
5	The specials are ongoing and the food is to die for. The waitstaff is very attentive. They are quick to exchange orders if the food does not meet up with our tastes. Not their fault. I was not aware how spicy it would be and could not eat it. They were very understanding. I don't go on holidays or during busy hours so the wait if any has never been more than 10 min.
4	We went to Olive Garden today for a little date! Daniele was our server and she was so amazing and content :)!!! The food was delicious! There was no wait to be seated even though we got there during a dinner rush. I highly recommend this location ! Ask for Daniele if you can , she will hook you up!
4	Yay I love this place for lunch on the east side. It's reasonably priced but it's usually pretty busy so the service is pretty good the food is good and you get a lot for your money.
3	Got home after picking up my order and realized they forgot my breadsticks. I even ordered extra. I called to get a refund on the extra ones and was told I would need to speak to a manager, 10 minutes holding and no one. I hung up. Poor customer service. Food was good though.
4	Be it take-out or dine-in, the food is rarely flat out bad. The food is normally scorching hot, but not overcooked. The waitstaff is pretty friendly and helpful.Sitting at the bar can be fun, their bartenders are lively and enjoyable to talk to.The chicken and shrimp carbonara, lasagna, and chicken flatbread never disappoints.The chicken parmagiana is good %90 of the time, but be careful of the tough cutlets that can be churned out of here sometimes. The calamari and spicy calamari is great when you dine in, but beware of tough or fishy pieces if you order takeout at night. The same goes for the stuffed mushrooms, they're flavorful and tender on a good night. I'd say the chicken alfredo has a lower success rate of being as good. The alfredo sauce can be sticky and clumpy at times.
1	So last night myself, hubby and the In laws decided to go to the Olive Garden to go eat due to the fact that they were coming from out of town . The night started of good but progressively got worse (not the food) the service . As 9:00pm rolled around our waitress Betsy started boxing up our food and taking our plates ? She didn't even bother to ask if we were done . She then proceeded to give is our check ( we didn't ask for it yet) and then came back around and asked us if we were ready with our check? Why are you trying to kick us out Betsy you don't close until 11!? After this one of the In laws asked for one last bowl of ENDLESS soup. Betsy says " um sureeee you can have soup" really it's unlimited . Tired of her rudeness we cut our catching up with the family short and left . Leaving a bad tip ( not gonna lie ) . The next morning I check my bank account and I was charged twice for our meal confirmed by our bank.I can't help but think this wasn't an accident . Olive Garden should be embarrassed .
4	I've actually been to this location a couple times now. My most recent was for lunch with hubby, I ordered the half size meatball sandwich it had yummy sauce, melty cheese,  and crunchy yet soft bread. It's served with garlic fries and of course choice of soup or salad, I had the minestrone soup. I definitely enjoy the pasta with tomato broth.  Hubby ordered the chicken parmesean also with garlic fries. I did have a bite of his chicken was moist and crunchy, melted provolone, marinara sauce,  the same fresh good bread as my meatball sandwich. We shared the appetizer fried lasagna,  always a good choice.The salad I always enjoy,  to me the olives and peppercinis perfect the salad.Something funny - for the name being Olive Garden,  the salad is the only item I seen on the menu that actually contains olives!!!  Having an olive bar would be a lovely touch.However the staff is always welcoming and professional,  will return.  One day I will order one of their desserts!  I'm too full after the dinner to attempt it, the hard choice is deciding which to pick!
5	Yet again another updated review on Olive Garden! I went for another date night with hubby last night . The food was wonderful ( as usual ) as was the service . Everyone has an off night just remember that ! The food is consistently good as is the service . I'm glad I gave OG another chance. I don't regret it ! Plus they have the buy one take one home deal going on right now , plus you can get a free red box !! How cool !
5	Food was awesome and our waitress Tina R was even more awesome! Ask for her when you go!!  She is super fun to talk to and brought our food super fast
3	I enjoyed this place for the most part. Good food. Ghetto area, but the food is good.
2	Should have listened to the reviews!!My husband ordered a margarita and it was just not right. They brought another one and thou it was somewhat better it still wasn't good. I ordered the never ending pasta bowl and at first I chose the whole wheat fettuccine Alfredo which was extremely dry. So for the next order I tried the regular fettuccine and this time it was creamy but flavorless. My husband's food wasn't the best either. So I guess we won't be coming back to this one!!
5	Been here many times and staff and food always great. The seafood Alfredo is delicious.
5	We have eaten here quite a few times. The times that we are lucky to have Martel as our server we feel the service is exceptionally high. The food has always been great. Everyone could take a lesson in customer service from his outstanding personal skills!
4	Experience:  this is my 95 y/o Grandfather's favorite spot, so I come with him often. The funniest thing is he actually thought this was a little local, authentic-Italian joint up the street. It made it difficult for me to tell him that this is a national chain all over the country. Food: the food is pretty good for a chain restaurant. I would never call this authentic Italian, but American Italian. I love the complimentary salad and breadsticks.  On this visit, I got the appetizer trio with zucchini, calamari and stuffed mushrooms.  All three were very good. Service:  I like the waiters here. The ladies at the door are always friendly too. Facility: what can I say...just like every other Olive Garden....clean, comfortable, and plenty of space. Overall review:  I will give them 4 stars because for American Italian the food is pretty good. The staff is friendly and the service is good.
3	Eh, the server seemed too busy to actually take care of our needs. The food was kind of dry. I ordered the Steak Gorgonzola and the pasta was dry. We also ordered the Pappardelle Pesctore. Didn't look anything like the picture and was very "fishy" smelling. The Norther Tour of Italy was OK too. The salad was also lacking in dressing, like it was coming out of the servers pockets! The calamari was also bland tasting. We asked for more lemon for the calamari but didn't get it toward the end. The "new" Italian style buffalo wings was dry. Why a three, because we are loyal Olive Garden people! We come here once every other month and normally weget EXCELLENT FOOD AND SERVICE. Maybe it was an off day?
