3	The "test" for me of great Pho is when you get to the bottom of the bowl and you regret you areat the end, no matter how stuffed you are. That was the way I fet on each venture (there were many!) to Pho Ao Sen, which ofrmerly occupied this space.That is NOT the case with this "Replacement" for Pho Ao Sen, of which I said the following in my Review.          The Pho was "ambrosia." Very aromatic, nice amount of meat and delicious!              Not only am I ranking it #2 and only slightly behind Dragonfly, it is by far the           best looking and best appointed Restaurant of any of the Pho Joints I have           seen. Also, it is run by a gorgeous Vietnamese young lady who does ALL of the           cooking and is usually there to greet you! GREAT, I mean GREAT Springrolls           complete or start this trip to "Pho Heaven!" - Best Springrolls in Phoenix!Unfortunately the same cannot be said for the New "Replacement." Don't get me wrong, NOT bad Pho, just NOT what had been in this location. It is still a beautiful Restaurant and the Pho is okay, but would NOT be rated among my "Top 5." Also unfortunate that the unique "Best Springrolls in Phoenix" are no more and the new ones are quite usual. Such a shame to lose at least the second best bowl of Pho in Phoenix (I have been to most!).If you live close, the Pho Number One bowl is fairly priced and the waiters are very nice. The Resteraunt is still quite lovely and charming. Just NOT among the best Pho around!
1	Do not eat here! We arrived expecting our beloved Pho Ao Sen, only to find out they were bought out. We ordered with hopes of pho as good as Ao Sen, but even before the food came, we lost our appetites. We were seated on the side of the restaurant, and unfortunately saw many health code violations while waiting for our food. We saw the waitress sticking her fingers IN the water glasses as she carried them out to customers, and refilling the water pitcher in the hand washing sink. Waiters went out for smoke breaks, came back in and handled the raw vegetables served along side the pho without washing their hands first. If these things are happening out in plain view of the customers, what is happening in the kitchen?Sadly, we are now in search of a new pho joint.
3	I was so so so sad when I wanted to place a to go order for Vegetarian Lemongrass Beef Vermicelli from Pho Ao Sen only to find it was bought out a month ago by Pho Number One.  I barely understood the guy on the phone but wanted to order something as I was starving and hadn't thought of a backup plan!  He said he had some rice noodles with tofu.  It was okay.  I was still hungry when I finished it.  Cost around $7.  I won't be back.  BUT I am so so so sad that I will never have Vegetarian Lemongrass Beef Vermicelli from Pho Ao Sen!  Waaaaahhhhhhh!!!!
3	Another typical, strip mall Vietnamese restaurant that has the benefit of being within a mile of my house. This is nicer inside than some, and prices run about average.For a change I skipped the Pho and went for Saigon Chow Mien. The noodles were nice and crispy, thicker than what I have experienced from the Chinese version, but the broth was so buried at the bottom that I crunched through a lot of noodles to get to the good stuff. I like to huge amount of noodles, but wish they would add more broth. My niece had grilled pork on rice, substituting white rice for fried rice and loved it. The service was pretty good, friendly enough.I'd say this place sits on the border of three and four stars. Given its proximity, I will surely try it again and bump it up if warranted.
4	I was very disappointed to learn that Ao Sen had closed and a new restaurant had taken its place.  My parents suggested that I try Pho Number One because the food was just as good.  Although I was skeptical at first, I took their advice and gave the new place a try.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I ordered the spring rolls and the bbq pork rice plate and both were very delicious. I thought the pork was very well seasoned and was one of the best bbq pork dishes I've tasted in a long while.  I also had the opportunity to taste the broth they use for Pho and that was also very flavorful.  I can safely assume that their Pho is also tasty since everyone knows it's all about the broth.  I hope that people will give this new restaurant a chance and try their dishes.  There are a lot more menu items than before and there are new dishes that Ao Sen never offered.  I will Pho Ao Sen, but Pho Number One is a promising replacement.
2	This place is Pho Ao Sen with a new name, a menu redesign and less taste. I used to consider Pho Ao Sen my number 2 go to for Pho due to it's quality and proximity to me. Now I probably won't be back. The Pho Tai Chin I had seemed to lack any substantial flavor in the broth, my key to some good pho, and the meat just seemed sub par. It used to be the broth was solid but not great, now it is below the curve. I wanted them to still be at least decent for those times when for some reason I need some pho when UnPhoGettable (best pho I have had so far) is closed. Now I probably won't be back, with the number of places to get pho expanding this place is getting bumped from my list.
1	We have heard Pho Ao Sen sold their restaurant and now there is a new owner. We've been wanting to try to see if it is any good compare to the previous owner. We ware so DISAPPOINTED!!!I ordered Pho Tai #21 on their menu. My Pho soup was brought out warm temperature, NOT HOT. The soup was blotchy tasted like tap water was being poured in and mix with a bunch of MSG. The slices of beef were 1 inch thick when it's supposed to be paper thin, chewy and so AWFUL. I tried to finish the bowl because it costs $7.00 or $7.50 and I didn't want to waste my money. After finished eating, I had acid reflux and felt so ill. A gruesome experience!My husband's bowl of noodles with meat and eggrolls looked boring and am sure didn't taste any better.WARNING - Food here is pricey and the service and food were not the same as you got from Pho Ao Sen. If you want the BEST bowl of Pho for $5.00 go to 43rd Ave & Thomas, go to Mekong Plaza or go to Phu Thanh on Extension & Southern. You'd get better food there for a great value. We will never come back to this restaurant again.
2	New owners and used to go by Pho Ao Sen. Interior is the same, staff is different and in my opinion not as friendly. Pho broth is a step down from before and not nearly as flavorful. I think these guys are trying to do to much by offering Vietnamese, Thai, Chinese and Vegetarian. Get Vietnamese right first, then maybe try and expand your menu.
1	Wannabe "Pho Ao Sen"So my parents told me that Pho Ao Sen is under new ownership and the name of the restaurant changed. They told me that the new owners still kept the previous restaurant's chef so regulars from Pho Ao Sen can still get their delicious food. Turns out, they're wrong. Same chef, food modified!!! Modified in a bad way. Everything changed but the restaurant's decor. The staff is unfriendly and it's hard to identify who is the staff because they were all unmatching casual clothes.... Anyways, the food sucks. Used to go to Pho Ao Sen often, gave Pho Number One a chance, and it was my first and last. Bland pho was served to me at room temperature.. Pho is suppose to be served hot so the sliced rare ribeye beef can get cooked... Bad service and bad food results in never coming back. BYE!
2	I used to hit this spot for my pho cravings since its super convienent to mi casa. It has now been taken over and things have changed but not for the better. i went for the Pad Thai since it is usually a good test for me to determine if i will be back again. It was ok...nothing that knocked me off my feet which of course saddened my Thai loving heart.Pho Ao Sen, I'm not sure what happened but i Miss you and wish you didn't leave.
5	Awesome!!!! Im from N. California, Sacramento/The Bay Area where their is are million Pho restaurant. I've been searching for a really good Pho restaurant in Phoenix,  Az , and I have found the place!!!! I had the Bun Bo Hue! OMG!!! some of the best Bun Bo Hue I've truly tasted before, flavorful and traditional. If your looking for Pho in Phoenix THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO!!!!!
4	As far as Pho restaurants go, you really can't ask for more.  Great staff, great food, and it's also incredibly reasonable.  There aren't a ton of pho restaurants around, and I make the trip from Gilbert to Mesa any time I have a craving.  Check it out!
5	Such wonderful peopleVery tasteful decor Wonderful food and reasonably priced Always fresh and top quality ingredients Highly recommended
1	DISGUSTING FOOD with expensive price. The slice of beef for Pho is supposed to be thin and tasty, instead it's CHEWY and thick and very smelly. My bowl of Pho was so nasty that I could not barely have the 3rd bite and left the whole bowl untouched. I'd not recommend this restaurant to anyone. Pricy and yucky food!!!
5	Omg!  So good.  My first try at Pho & it was great.  Loved the sauce for the spring rolls too.
4	Best Pho place in the valley and I've experienced 3 as of this review. I really can't comment on anything except the Pho cause I've never tried anything else. I come here for one reason and one reason only, lip smacking Pho. Couple of things I really like about this place: 1) Seems to be a family owned / managed establishment, I like that cause they care about the food. 2) big TV screen on the wall that's always tuned into the game I want to watch. As most of you know, Pho comes out super hot and it needs a little time to cool off, so why not catch some of the DiamondBacks game? Great Pho, decent service, big TV. It's a winner.
3	They serve up decent pho but service is always lacking. They never smile and not very attentive.
5	This place has the best pho I've ever had. The broth is real warm and the noodles are perfectly cooked. Last time, I got pho with brisket and meat balls. The broth was out of this world and the meat cooked to perfection. You won't regret coming to this place, I'm a frequent customer.
5	Love this place. I'd never had Pho before but they've made a believer out of me. I'm also a huge fan of their rice paper wrapped rolls. Not usually sure whats in them but they're delicious! I meet with a friend who drives 45 minutes just to come to this restaurant. Also has very reasonable prices. I'll be going back again, and again, and again.
1	Really not impressed with this place after it changed ownership. The new service is absolutely terrible, and the quality of the food has diminished rapidly. The young Asian kids who are always working seem to feel as if you owe them something by being there, and could care less about your time or your dining experience. The pho has somewhat of a greasy undertone to it, which makes it extremely unappetizing. Not impressed.
4	Just tried Pho for the first time here, and I'm obsessed. First we started with the Shrimp & Pork Spring Roll, which came with an awesome peanut sauce for dipping. Then moved onto the Pho Tai for our meal. Everything was out so quickly and tasted amazing and fresh. Like the other reviews I've seen on Yelp, the service here is not as friendly as I'd hoped, but I think the food makes up for their very quiet/unpersonable demeanors. The service isn't bad I just think it's different.... I will definitely be back!
5	LOVED this place, came with my niece, her boyfriend my sister and guy friend. I started off with the vegetarian egg rolls and YUM! The waiters were both very nice and attentive to quick service.To drink I got the coconut drink that LITERALLY comes in a coconut, a little sweet but quite delish. My sister got the Chai coconut drink and it was a little different taste than I'm used to but very creamy and kind of a spicy finish. For entree we all got #21 which is the traditional pho with steak- they have all the fix-ins as well on the side to add in, with sauce choices to add in- hoisen, Siracha, chili paste and soy sauce... All the ingredients were top quality and very fresh and I will definitely be back for more! To top it off - total bill was $44 and we had 5 people eat  so if you love pho this is definitely a place id recommend coming!
1	This place has not only destroyed my favorite dish but has also offended a national cuisine.  Pho is the national Vietnamese dish. If it wasn't, there wouldn't be so many restaurants with it in the name like this place.  Any place worth its salt has a go-to recipe that satisfies anyone craving the soup.  So who can mess up something as important as Pho?  This place.  They have done it in a manner that offends Vietnamese cuisine in no other way I have ever before experienced.  This national cuisine is considered one of, if not THE, freshest food on the planet.  Who ruins Pho Ga?  This place.  Unfortunately, this place has no idea about freshness.  Pho is a healthy, nutritious, and savory soup.  Simple, yet elegant.  The atrocity they served me was not only bland, but so oily that I couldn't get rid of the clammy sensation from my mouth for hours.  The meager chicken pieces floating in it were not only bland, but exceedingly DRY.  So dry that I had to drink the bland iced tea they served so as to swallow, because the broth was so oily and revolting.  Unfortunately, I was so hungry I forced myself to gnaw on the the chicken and the hard noodles.My partner's hot and spicy soup with shrimp was as greasy or more.  In fact, the oil beaded up on our spoons repelling the water-based soup.  She said the shrimp had freezer burn in its taste.  She also tried to salvage something edible from her horror.The sad thing is that we spent over 30 minutes trying to find the place as a result of Yelp when we looked for a place in Mesa.  So I had to warn people about this joint.  Unfortunately, we weren't aware that there were 2 different places right down the road in Chandler.So for Vietnamese cuisine's sake - Do NOT eat here.  I wish we could get away with not having to give one star.  It was so bad.  The sad thing is that the appetizer of Spring Rolls was actually decent, then the crap hit the fan.  Or in this case, the Pho.
3	Driving by this place, I expected it to be some little hole in the wall, but I was wrong.  Right when I walked it, I noticed how high end it looked, and I certainly didn't expect there to be table service.  However, big downside here, there was either no AC or it wasn't turned on.  Hey, I'm eating hot soup in May in AZ, I'd like to be a little more comfortable.    I'm pretty new to Thai and  Vietnamese food, but I decided to go all in and order the #30, Bun Rieu. I liked the shrimp meatballs, the broth took on the flavor of the herbs that was added to it, and it filled me up, but the tofu seemed a little tough and had a leathery skin. I may have scored this place lower, but the Spring Rolls saved the day.  Extremely fresh and served with a slightly spicy peanut sauce, they were amazing.  If anything, Pho Number One helped me get a taste of Pho, but I think I'll try a few others before I go back.
5	I love the flavor of they're food! I always get the shrimp spring rolls as an appetizer and the shrimp and noodle soup. The staff isn't the most friendly but they are always quick to take your order and refill any drinks. My only complaint is that the soup could be a little hotter. By the time I'm half way done eating it is cold.
4	I had the vegetable pho. Vibrant broth, fresh veggies but a tad light on noodles. Service was prompt and didn't hover about. I would return.
4	So it's only my first time here. Had the soup and Thai pork rice. I have been looking for good Vietnamese for a long time and this was the best I've ever had. I will definitely go again . Customer service ehhh. But who cares. Not crazy about the brisket so will try something else next time. Maybe meatballs in the soup. Good ambiance.
4	This is probably one of my go to spots for pho in AZ. We usually come here on Sundays after basketball. The customer service is good. They are very soft spoken peeps, but they do take care of you. I usually order the fried shrimp appetizer and pho that is with rare beef and meatballs. Can't go wrong really because its so good. The place is pretty clean and has a laid back vibe to it which is always nice when you are eating lol.
1	Where do I start, this is the first time here for lunch. The restaurant was very clean, decor was very nice, service was very good, but the food was horrible. We started off with the #1, Goi Cuon Tom Thit (Shrimp and Pork Spring Rolls) which had no taste not even the peanut dipping sauce that accompanied them, the rice skin was tuff and chewy. We then had #21, Pho Tai (Noodle Soup w/Eye Round Steak). The bowl came out piping hot which I loved, but the broth was dark and GREASY, there was 3 tiny tiny pieces of Eye Round Steak. There was absolutely no taste in the broth. In addition, #25, Pho Tai Chin Nac was exactly the same.I love taking photos of my food and posting. Unfortunately I couldn't, as ALL the dishes looked so unappealing visually. Sorry to say, with all the competition around, I will not be coming here again, and just a tiny bit of advise, get rid of the Emoji on the front of the menu, it does not match with the feel of the restaurant decor inside.
4	Great food, had the Pho steak it was really good. The shrimp spring rolls were awesome with a great sauce. Service could have been more enthusiastic but timely.
5	Great tasting pho and staff is very friendly!!! We came here after having a bad time at pho van near Lee Lee. Hoping for a more friendlier atmosphere and better food, this place delivered. I am glad that the waiter there, whom came from Seattle was very approachable and attentive to everyone as best he could. We had pho with chicken, bun no hue and pho with meatballs. All were flavorful! Only thing I'd say is that if the additional items are going to cost $2 add more than 3 pieces please!!! Will be going back.
5	I have had a lot of Pho in different places. I have had better in the past but I have yet to find a better place here in Phoenix.  I was very happy with the clean environment and friendly staff.  I thought the food was very good and the prices are fair.
4	The place was great, but a few things we where rushed and hovered over the entire time. We where also being watched as we ate our meal which was uncomfortable. Also they don't take America Express and there isn't any sign that says they don't take them. So if you have AMX good luck they don't take it.
3	(Lyrics - Trademark - I'll Be The One)Imagine what your Pho would bring to meYou know that I'm waiting patientlyTill you're in my sideBo Bites days; Bo Bites nightsEggrolls is the one I need can't you seeYou know my belly is crying just for youFish Sauce I will always add it tooTo be in my sideBo Bites day and Bo Bites nightBut I feel my belly is aching without youLet's go to Pho Number OneIf you want me here to stayLet's go to Pho Number OneTo feed me all the wayNo I'm never gonna leave youYou're always on my mindand Pho Number One I'll visit all the timePho Number One is a very modern looking Vietnamese restaurant located in Mesa.  Like most Vietnamese restaurants this one supplies plenty of Vietnamese cultural decor, but to my surprise also some modern Southwest art.  It has a couple of television screens playing some odd channel I didn't recognize, but who knows what dwells upon the millions of channels of Direct TV!Carrying on, my group and I came for dinner.  I went for the Eggrolls to start and the Lemongrass beef Vermicelli noodles.  This is not my usual dish I would order in a place called Pho Number One, but it was freakin' hot out and I need something less soupy hot!  Overall, the eggrolls were perfect to the crunch with pork and vegetables.  The eggrolls were a lot longer than what I'm used to, but very good in my books.  The noodle dish came with beef tender flanks seasoned with a lemongrass sauce and your usual carrots, bean sprouts, and mint.  Not a bad dish at all and presentation wise was quite appealing; I had to add a couple more mint and bean sprouts cause I love mines with a plethora of vegetables! In the end, the place serves it's purpose.  The Pho according to one of my friends was okay and I'll have to take his word for it until the next time around.  However, if you need a quick Vietnamese cuisine fix; Pho Number One will deliver just fine! - Enjoy!
5	We love this place. The service is very quick.  I usually order extra bean sprouts to go with the pho. We have noticed that they seem to put more meat in their pho than a lot of other local places, and its really cheap if you want them to add in more. We usually just get the lean rare steak or chicken pho, so I am not sure about much stuff is in any of their other options, but I would imagine that it is on par with the things we have ordered.The spring rolls are also delicious. The staff is always really friendly, and the restaurant is very clean.
5	My buddy showed me this joint, said it was the best around. I have been coming here 2 to 5 times a week since,The spring rolls are a very good choice for starters, always fresh and tasty, not thrown together like some places!The pho is great! Very tasty broth and an excellent amount of options to go in with it, from chicken to beef this place is great!
5	As always, the food was delicious. I had the pho with shrimp. I really like this dish and it is perfect for a chilly day. My daughter had the vermicelli bowl with grilled pork. She also enjoyed her meal. We also decided to try an appetizer: marinated wings. These wings are delicious and never disappoint, but was hard to enjoy since they came out two minutes before our entrees.As always, service was good but constantly rushed. I felt as I had just started on the appetizer when the waiter was asking if he could take the plate: four of the eight wings still uneaten. Needless to say, I am finishing this review from home because I felt so pressured to hurry up and eat, pay and leave. Lastly, don't wear a heavy jacket or sweater into Pho Number One. It is as HOT inside as the pho they serve!!!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! It's straight up traditional food without any Euro funky twist that a lot of places are now doing.  Let's be honest, some places cater to more American clienteles while others keep it real with the right ingredients.  THIS IS LEGIT !!!  It's a bit of a drive for me, BUT worth it.  Pho & Bun Bo Hue are my favorite hot soups, and Bun Thit Nuong (cold noodle dish) & Com Suong (Rice Dish) are also delicious.  If you're craving authentic Vietnamese food at a reasonable price then this is it.  Happy Eating :)
5	Best pho I've had in Arizona. The broth is light and never oily and though the price is a little bit higher than most for pho, the extra noodle bowl is the best value (and who doesn't love extra pho to take home for later?).Service is excellent and always quiet for lunch. I've tried about half of the side dishes and loved them all (the sauces are amazing!). I've taken non-pho-fans here before and seems to be the only place that offers quite a bit for the uninitiated.
