4	These guys are AWESOME.  I have never taken up running before in my life, but decided to earlier this year.  They had me run on the treadmill and videotaped my gait.  By analyzing that, Charlotte Running was able to suggest a couple pairs of possible running shoes for me, tailored to how I run.  Based on the way I run, they suggested either Saucony or New Balance.  I made the ultimate purchase decision (Saucony), but they knew after watching me run which shoes would be good for me, and which pairs would not. I am running my first 5K in two weeks!I took one of their beginner's running classes which taught me a lot about running.  They have running clothes and socks too, and information on area races.  John, Dana and Julie are all fantastic and will be happy to help you!UPDATE:  I ran my first 5K last week, and it was great!  My goal was to finish, and I finished.  I plan to sign up for another race ASAP.  Also, I recommend visiting the Charlotte Running location in Dilworth (off East Blvd. behind Outback Steakhouse).  That store is much bigger than the Ballantyne location and has more running clothes.  Before the Yiasou 5K, I had to drop by this store for a new pair of Sauconys because I'd worn out my first pair and Ballantyne was out of my size.Tip:Have these guys help you with the most appropriate footwear for your foot and gait.  To be cool with regard to the time they spent with me, I bought my first pair of shoes from them.  Beginning with the second pair, however, go to Amazon.com and save some big bucks.  No need to pay $120 for a pair of running shoes when you can get the same shoes online.
5	I have purchased my last three pairs of running shoes from the Charlotte Running Company and I receive great help every time. The ownership has changed since my last visit, but it is still the same great store! I was helped by the store owner and he is very knowledgeable about running and competing in triathlons.  It is nice to know you are receiving advice from a credible source and experienced athlete. One of the interesting points about my visit that was new to the store since my last visit was the option to donate your old shoes to a charity. If you choose to donate your shoes, they are refurbished and are given to someone in need. Not only is that a great cause, but you get 5% off your purchase. There was also recently a sidewalk sale and there are a few mens and womens running shoes at 40-50% off for a few more days. If you are in need, check it out, you might find a great deal on a good pair of running shoes!I am running a marathon in May and I will return for my next pair of shoes. I highly recommend them... Great store!!!
5	Fantastic customer service! Got my gait analyzed and was able to see instant results based on the recommended shoes.  I can't believe I've been running in the wrong pair of shoes for so long. Needless to say, my feet during runs haven't been happier!
4	Another great local store that promotes an active lifestyle.  Pretty typical store with friendly faces.  They put you up on the treadmill and measure/analyze your gate and stride to put you in the best possible shoes.  Took a friend here to get fitted once and he walked away with a good pair of shoes.  This store is rarely busy and a good source for running tips, local races, and also some running gear!
5	Very friendly staff! I am a new-er runner, and was having major pains in my legs from running with my beat-up Nike's. Paul sat down with me and got to know ME and my likes, dislikes, needs and wants with my running present and future. He educated me on why I was having problems (turns out it was severe shin splints), and what I could do in terms of my running routine to decrease them. He measured my feet, recorded me running in my original shoes, and had me try on not one but TWO different shoes that he thought could solve my problems. He recorded me running in these shoes and compared the difference between my originals and these new shoes. Also, since I am new to the Charlotte area, he told me about 5-6 different running groups I could check out who are friendly to newcomers. Needless to say, my shin splints are gone, and I am SO happy with my new shoes! Thanks Paul, I am definitely going to be a repeat customer.
4	I've purchased a few pairs of running shoes from this location and have had a great experience every time. Now, I'm no Bruce Jenner but I do like to get my jog on. It helps that I've found Groupon deals for the last two pairs I bought ($25 off). The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. If it's your first time, they'll put you on the treadmill to see your running style. The last couple time there they just let me test the shoes by jogging up & down the sidewalk. They have all kinds of running apparel too. I may not be winning gold on the track but my feet sure feel good!
5	The hubby and I came here on Saturday because my shoes were definitely in need of replacing. I've been running for about 2 years but had not taken the time to invest $$ in a pair of shoes that were going to improve my run. A dear friend of mind had highly recommended a visit to Charlotte Running Company, I'm glad she did!! The staff took the time to put me into four different shoes and test my gate on the treadmill to see if I was over pronating and by how much compared to each shoe I had tried on. They finally helped me select a shoe that was able to provide the support and flexibility that I needed. Thank you Charlotte Running Company!
5	This place is amazing and the staff are too. I highly recommend them! The store has all types of running equipment. From gait analysis to shoe suggestions, this is the place to go.
5	We just recently moved to Charlotte from Wilmington and were looking for our new running store. We definitely found it in the Charlotte running company. We went one night after dinner just to look around and get familiar with the area. The two guys in there were so amazing and full of knowledge!! Since then we've been back and bought shoes and other accessories. The variety of shoes is awesome but the knowledge of the staff is worth every penny spent in there! They will sit and talk with you and offer up some words of wisdom. Very cool guys and great running store! Will def be back for all my running supplies.
5	As always, a great experience today at Charlotte Running Company South.  As other yelpers have mentioned, they are a wealth of information but not so much so that you feel intimidated. They are very dedicated to their customers. I totally get those who might want to come in and check out the shoes and  want to save money buying on line (possibly Amazon etc). Just remember this is your neighborhood store, you go in because you trust them to help you. If you buy everything from outside,,,, they may not be here one day. Just keep that in mind and do it sparingly (if you have to). They also have a rewards program so you accumulate dollars back on your purchase. Happy shopping!! And happy running if you're a runner!!
5	Service exceeds the cost!  Catherine will put you on the treadmill and provide a diagnosis that will literally fit your feet.  Very knowledgeable, helpful and friendly service is what we received from Catherine and the other staff members.
5	The staff is amazing. Tyler took the time to analyze my gait, brought out several different shoes, and set me up with the perfect pair to keep my ankles in proper alignment. This has made such a difference! The shin splints that have plagued me my whole life, no longer prevent me from running.
