4	Avenue Nails has only been open for a few months, but in that time I have switched by manicure and pedicure routine to include Avenue. These guys have all the things I need for a quick manicure, a great clean shop, done in nice calming colors, great color selection, really friendly technicians, and great spa chairs! I try to get there in the morning hours when they are less busy and I'm usually in and out which is what we all want in a walk in place. I'm so excited that they have opened and that they do such a good job, because it is pretty close to my house (bonus!!). I hope that they continue the good work and I will continue to get my weekly mani's here!!
4	Yes I get my nails "did". This place is clean, they speak English and let me watch TMZ while they do my nails. Did I mention it's damn cheap, too? Yes, I want to say $15 for fills. Now ladies, you know how you are suppose to get fills every two weeks? Well, I went FIVE weeks because I had so much going on and guess what? I did not lose one nail! That's almost unbelievable. They do great nails and quickly, too. I've made appointments and just walked in so it doesn't matter. The only reason they are not a five star is because they don't offer the Shellac or gel polish that is the latest craze. Other than that, they do me just right.
5	I have been in here three times and every time has been a positive experience. Like a previous customer posted I went weeks over my fill and didn't have any issues with my nails. They do offer gel now.  Their waxing services were quick and very professional. The staff speaks English, is extremely friendly and the place is clean.
4	Great spot - fast, friendly and worth every penny (oh yes, they are very reasonably priced!).  Will be back.
4	This place is right by my house so I figured I'd check it out. I've been here three times for acrylics and Jenny did the best job I'd ever gotten! My set wasn't too rounded or puffy, she made sure to file them nicely, and best of all, she made sure the white part wasn't too high up my nail beds! I hate going to salons where they make the white part so huge it looks like it's half of my nail, especially since I've got long beds. My sets have lasted far longer than the requisite 2 weeks, and I've never had a problem with chipping, breakage, or anything. I'd definitely recommend this place to everyone, and especially Jenny in particular!
4	Avenue Nails is my second nail salon experience since I moved to Vegas. It's right across the street from my apartment, which is a plus. I went this past Friday, around 4pm, and they were a bit busy, but I didn't have to wait that long. I got a fill, and gel polish because I didn't see any normal polish colors I liked. I specified that I needed them short and thin and the lady did them perfectly. They look very natural, which is what I like, and I couldn't be happier.She asked if I would like an eyebrow wax, and never having one done before, I was a bit reluctant. However she assured me it wouldn't hurt, so  why not?! I wish she asked more questions about how I like them, because she took off a lot more than I liked. They don't look bad with a little brow pencil, but I like my brows a lil more thicker than she did. It didn't hurt like I thought it would, however I broke out a little from the wax, which is annoying. I guess that's my problem tho.Definitely going back for nails, not for waxing. 4 stars for messing up my eyebrows, otherwise, bravo.
5	I have found my new nail spot! Jenny was my nail girl 3 years ago and we lost touch when she moved. So happy I found her, she is amazing!
5	LOVE this place. I had no idea that it was so hard to find a good nail salon in Henderson but this is it! I've been back 3 times for gel manicures and have gotten a different manicurist every time, never fear though, regardless of who I'm with my nails look g.r.e.a.t. They are meticulous but work quickly, all have a sense of humor, and I never feel rushed when I'm there. They use Gelish which is nice because I find to be far superior CND Shellac and OPI. It goes on with a nice consistency and they have looooots of colors to choose from.Bottom line: These guys set the standard for a beautiful gel manicure.
4	Staff was really nice! I had no problems and no wait. Nails were done very nicely and quickly! I will definitely be back.
5	I'm usually pretty hard to please when it comes to getting pedicures but I was pleasantly surprised with how great of a job Bella does. She's very gentle and fast but is very accurate with her painting of nails. I get french tip and it's pretty much perfect every time! I'm so happy that they're located right around the corner from my house. :)
1	The worst fill and pedicure in my life.  Would never go back!  My 5 year old niece could've done better on my pedicure.
5	Jenny is amazing!! I've been going to her for 4 yrs now! I've lived in Vegas and went to 100 different places and no one does nails as good as Jenny :)
5	Been coming here for close to 4 years! Jenny and her crew are all very friendly and good at their jobs! I moved all the way across town, but I still make the trip from centennial hills to come here!!
5	This is my favorite nail salon. All the staff are very friendly and do a good job. We never have to wait long and the prices are very reasonable
