3	3.5 starsI absolutely dislike the fact that this place doesn't take appointments. Most people come in for weaves, and I will say they do those pretty quickly, but waiting two hours for a trim is not the business.I highly recommend getting there early - like at 8am - especially if you want a sew-in. They are open 7 days a week, which is super convenient for the working girl, and they take credit cards without charging you extra.Another thing that I wasn't too crazy about is the fact that there is no personalization. Maybe because there were only two girls working when I came, but they work on like five heads at once. Crazy!I only got a trim and wash, but I do plan on going back for a different service. I'll definitely update.
1	My first time here.. I always go to the same salon for I reason, all the service I asked for was a trim end, wash and condition ..I am all natural no heat or relaxer. I came out with burned,dry hair. This was a month ago and I have a bad smell from the burn.. Iamb experiencing shedding on the pieces that are burned and it won't go back to my natural curl pattern which in thick coils.. The stylist only burned one side THIS Is THE WORST SERVICE
1	Wish I could give them no stars. When this place was originally located by Meadows Mall, I took my daughter there to get her hair braided. The owners daughter did her hair pulled and pulled it, continually pulled to to a point brought my daughter to tears. No sympathy to the pain she was experiencing and to add to that, my other younger daughter was standing on one of the chairs and said to herself, however my daughter heard her saying it (duh, she's doing her hair ) hope that stupid girl doesn't fall down. This is the most unprofessional place to go to, don't go because it's cheap, you get what you pay for! Huge lack of professionalism and no sympathy to little girls!
1	If I could rate it less than 1 I would. WORST salon this side of hell! No professionalism. the mom who owns the business is ok. Her daughter is the worst of the worst and the other stylists are bad. I don't have one good thing to say except I never got th3 $99.00 weave but I sure felt sorry for the women that I saw in there that did. Lope sided braiding, no netting or closures,,,,, and nickel and dime you for every little thing! I know I won't go back and I will tell everyone I know too steer clear!
