1	Long waits due to stylists hanging out in the back room while their waiting room is full. After they finish a cut they b-line it back there and come back out 20 minutes later. I suspect that if this trend continues, the waiting room will no longer have a wait. Wrote to them and never heard a response back. They obviously don't care about their guests as much as they do about their gossip. If I could give them 0 stars I would. Won't be back.
1	If I could give a negative star rating I would. I will say that I have had 4 previous experinces with 2 stylists who were great. they were patient with my 3 year old and gave him a great cut. Then today happened. Like the other reviewer stated long wait time, stylist looked at us and walked into the back room. when she finally appeared I wished she had stayed in the back. My 3 yr old sat for the trimmers but started to cry when she got the scissors. I kept looking at his hair and something was off, I finally realized she went over an inch too high with the clippers and it was uneven in the back beyond repair. How do I know this, my parents owned and operated a salon for 20 yrs, I spent many days after school sweeping hair! When I called out her mistaked she claimed it could be blended. Finally another stylist came over and had to give her instructions on how to fix it. That tells me she is an inexperienced stylist. She continued to make it worse, now my son is in full meltdown and if she moved any slower she wouls be stopped. I finally told her to buzz his head. Then she refused to clean up his neck and trim his ears all the while saying it was his fault she did an uneven cut with the clippers. Really we blame 3 yr olds? She continued to argue then stomped into the back room. I packed up my kids, some 20 something mgr appeared and while she was asking what happened stylist 2 chimed in. At this point I an livid and yelling. Long story short they jacked my sons hair to the point it had to be shaved, NEVER once said SORRY and continue to blame it on him. I left without paying. The punch line, I called my husband and told him the story and he asked me what she looked like. I described her and it turns out that 3 weeks earlier she cut my husbands hair and jacked it so bad that when he walked through the door I burst out laughing. It was probably his fault for moving.LOL I will never be back an will tell everyone with an ear to avoid this place like the plague.
5	Well I guess it depends on when you go and who you get.  I could not be happier with both my cut and the service.  Jill was patient and a perfectionist.  I will definitely be back before Christmas.
1	I'd agree with Amber, I rarely give 1-star reviews, but if I could have given this a negative I would have!I decided to try this location as it's technically closer to where I live and I wanted to avoid the craziness of Settlers Ridge during the holiday season (I regularly go to that Sport Clips and love it)...  what a mistake.Walking in, I was rudely greeted by having a sign in sheet pushed my way without the cashier even making eye contact with me.  The wait was ridiculous for having 4 stylists going at once, and I quickly found out why.When I was called, I immediately knew I was in trouble.  My stylist had to be one of the most unkept people I've ever encountered.  As she walked me to her station there was hair everywhere and her tools were scattered across the counter with the cords resembling the knots she had in her hair.She seemed far more interested in anything BUT cutting my hair, and as soon as she began, I had to immediately ask her to stop.  Her trimmers were so dull that she literally was pulling my hair out.  After asking her to change the blades, she grabbed another stylist's set (I should of run then).The rest was a nightmare...  cutting a long story short, she provided the wrong service, billed me for the wrong service (not even the incorrect one she rendered), and my hair was a disaster.  Without getting a chance to look over it, she put a mass of gel in my hair (with all the trimmings still in it - she didn't blow dry them out, nor wash my hair like I asked her to) and slapped a ton of baby powder on my neck (so much that I had to change my shirt when i got home).After doing a little research, I found out that these are franchised...  hence why I'm guessing the experience was so different.  Heed the now consistently bad reviews and STAY AWAY!
