2	Definitely not a shining star store.I always grab an iced coffee when I get my car washed, but that may be changing. This store is located inside of cobblestone auto wash. It makes sense to have it since I'm sure lots of people are in and out, and want coffee!The employees have no idea what they're doing. The guy actually asked me how he was supposed to make my iced latte. Are you kidding me? Also, I came when they were pretty busy but I was definitely forgotten while waiting for my order. They took my order, but gorgonzola to make it? Very professional. Also, don't expect to have utensils, you know, like a straw for that iced latte because they are out of it and I ended up getting one from the soda machine station.
1	Ughhh, you know I hate to write negative reviews.  Let's just say the employees here could use a little, okay, a lot more training.  I handed my DD app to the cashier to redeem the offer and the guy looked confused and didn't know how to close out the transaction.Then when I went to drink my XL cup of coffee and the darn coffee spills ALL OVER my laps and chair!  Soooo glad I was not drinking this while sitting in my car~ I would have had a fit!  I went back to the counter to try to figure out what was defective with the cup and it turned out the rim of the XL cup was deformed (it looked old and all smashed in) when I pointed this out to the girl, she insisted that all the XL cups were the same.  Grrrr, it was pointless.I didn't want my morning ruined so I just asked her for another cup of hot coffee.  She doesn't pour me a fresh one, instead she just poured my spilled, left over coffee into another XL cup.  Shaking my head, I took my cup and left.  After all, it was NYE, no point in getting worked up about this.  I even wished her Happy New Year.Although, I will write, next time I'll remind myself to bring my own cup of coffee from somewhere else and not from here!!!
1	THE WORST SERVICE EVER!!! When I started going to Dunkin Donuts for coffee every morning I was so delighted to find this location because it was right on my way to the 51. The first couple of times I went the service was alright but they were so slow..I found myself waiting for 15 minutes so they could pour a cup of coffee. I kept giving them second chances because their location was so convenient. The staff could honestly CARE LESS!! They are either fighting amongst themselves or trying to figure out the machines. It seems like as soon as they get more than one customer at a time its all down hill. And if they are not taking forever to make your order,  they are not making what you ordered. I can count at least a half a dozen times where I get in my car and realize its not what I ordered or poorly made but its not worth my time to go back in and deal with the employees who dont care and are completely rude. I have never been into a business where the employees are so rude..they act like annoying teenagers... not exactly the cream of the crop!  Its really unfortunate that this location has the worst staff because they lost my business. I now drive 15 minutes out of my way to get coffee and its well worth it!
2	Eh. It's a Dunkin Donuts. Luckily I don't go in expecting a lot anyways. The last time we went the girl at the counter was fiddling with the cash register for about 3 whole minutes and didn't even look at us. No "hi" or "just a couple minutes". Nope. Our existence wasn't even acknowledged until she was done messing with the register and looked at us. No greeting. Just looked at us and waited for us to say something first. That's okay. My husband and I are friendly enough for all 3 of us. I have been over DD donuts for some time now... they have acquired a weird taste. I actually prefer Safeway or Bashas donuts over DD donuts. If I want a REALLY good donut I go to Rainbow Donuts. But DD does have decent breakfast sandwiches. I like their croissant egg sandwich. And I like their coffee. Meh.
