5	Due to my inexperience I was a little intimidated to take a class. The positive energy of the staff and other students quickly made me feel welcome.   I took the beginner class and it has been great !  The instructor is very patient and gives excellent verbal instruction and coaching.  You never have to be concerned about not being able to keep up or understanding the lingo.  She also offers alternatives for every skill and experience level so you never feel awkward.  I am learning a lot and truly enjoying the positive effects on both the mind and body.   I have experienced new deeper levels of relaxation and would recommend Eleutheria for a great Yoga experience.  They offer yoga classes for every need, and even a belly dancing class!  I love that they make things really easy by offering online scheduling too.
5	This is a great place for yoga!  The staff and teachers are wonderful.  No drama, just great yoga classes and specialty classes.  The pricing is affordable as well!!  There are classes for the entire family.  Everyone will feel welcome!!
5	I love this place...  I purchased the $20 unlimited classes for the week..  I took:   -Beginner's Yoga with Becci on Sunday - Learning the poses and slow enough for a newbie to figure out what the heck is going on.-Slow Flow Yoga with Nicki on Tuesday - It was so awesome to destress at the end of the night.  Slept like a baby!-Vibrational Flow with Sandra on Wednesday - I am not too thrill or use to the gong, but I liked the instructions for all the poses.-Yoga Flow & Restorative with Jennifer on Saturday - Love our engery and vibe on a Saturday morning.Going back for week #2!
5	The best yoga studio experience you can find!  They offer a variety of classes from beginners to the advance.
5	This is as good as it gets! Best yoga studio on the west side! I've been going here for two years! The yoga instructors are the best of the best. If you are looking for a place that has a great feeling of community this is it! Very affordable! Katie and Wendy are awesome!
