5	This place by far has the best pizza I've ever had.  Service was outstanding, great atmosphere, I will definitely be back with friends!
5	Wow! What a pleasant surprise! My husband and I were hungry last night so we decided to try their pizza. We ordered a 14 inch w/ pepperoni and I asked for it well done.  We loved it!  The crust was great! I was even tempted to ask if I could buy some of the dough. Just make sure  the server does not serve your beverage in a cracked plastic cup...
5	This is by far the best off the beaten path locals bar. They treat you like family and pour the drinks the same way! Tommy is man, best bartender period. Nunzio has great skills in the kitchen. Going here after our before the clubs grabbing a pizza is a perfect night.
4	Great food. Great service.Went tonite for the 1st time. Waitress was great, food server was great. Checked in with us often but not overbearing.I ordered the swiss and mushroom burger medium well, and that's how it was delivered to me.V had a burger with avocado and cheese, also prepared as ordered.Waffle fries were excellent too.We will definitely be back.
3	It was late at night, we still hadn't eaten dinner, and a Groupon from Brando's caught my eye. So my wife called to inquire about dining hours, found out food was served "until 2 or 3 in the morning," and we took off in the car for a late dining adventure, in the mood for a hamburger or sandwich. The food did not disappoint. A Caesar Salad with fresh and crispy Romaine lettuce and an excellent creamy and zesty homemade Caesar dressing was set before me. The croutons were hard and dry but I enjoyed their crunch. Following this tasty dish, I devoured a Philly Cheesesteak sandwich that was filled with slightly spicy beef, slices of red and green peppers, and thinly cut white onions, and covered by beautiful, melted white Mozzarella Cheese on a small toasted but yielding submarine-shaped roll. At first sight I was a bit taken aback, because the sandwich looked small. But this likely 8-incher was deceptive, for, filled as it was, it packed a potent punch. The creamy Potato Salad accompanying the Cheesesteak was also homemade and very tasty, the softened potatoes mixed with bits of slightly crunchy celery and red onion. My wife enjoyed a juicy 1/3-pound Bacon Cheeseburger that contained thick bacon and was prepared medium-rare as ordered. It was accompanied by an ample supply of delicious Waffle Fries that were crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside. I am inclined to try this combination of food on my next visit. There were a few downers. By the time we arrived around 10:00 p.m., we were told by our unassuming but friendly, white-haired order taker who was outfitted in a green Brando's tee-shirt, shorts, and white tennis shoes and socks, that the sportsbar was already out of soup, the Chicken Parm sandwich, Onion Rings, and Italian Beef. And there were no entrees beyond burgers, pizza, sandwiches, soup, and salads listed on the menu, and no desserts. In fact, to satisfy an intense craving for something sweet, after departing Brando's we diverted to Walmart on the other side of town where I bought a milk chocolate Hershey bar with almonds shortly after midnight before returning home. I refrigerated it for 10 minutes, and then really enjoyed that candy bar! The decor at Brando's is not that appealing. Boasting only three rectangular laminated wood tables for 4, and four high-top tables for 3, besides a long bar, it is definitely more of a bar than a restaurant. Besides a number of TVs scattered around the winding room, baseball, football, and ice hockey sports memorabilia are hung on the walls, and 9 lit beer signs hang overhead. Chairs--including backs--are made of wood, and have cushioned bottoms. They rest on a thin, green industrial carpet that has no design. It was rather dark in there, which for a brief moment evoked the thought of being free inside a dungeon. But, I was happy to see a prominent sign announcing that no smoking is allowed within the interior of the premises. And, while there, I observed no violation of this rule. The distance between the bar and eating areas is just too close for cigarette smoke to not be a problem for nonsmoking diners. Assorted recorded music played while we ate. A soft drink and water glass were refilled without having to ask, and shared service between our order taker and a bartender was fast and efficient. Food and service were of four-star quality, but the ambiance was no higher than two-star, and so many sold out items listed on the menu could put a damper on a dining experience here. Yet, because of the quality of the food and cooking, Brando's will now be on my short list of places to go when late dining is required--which is often for me. I can always close my eyes and imagine that I am on a beautiful island as I savor another sumptuous Philly Cheesesteak or other tasty edible. After all, regardless how many menu items may be unavailable, all that is needed is one good one that can be had!
1	New to the area and went for beer and pizza based on the good reviews. Once we went inside we immediately decided to take the pizza to go. It is so dark and dreary in there you can barely see. After ordering the pizza we decided to get some beer while we wait. Nothing on tap, but a few craft selections in bottles. We saw you could buy a 6 pack for $8 which is a killer deal. We got Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and cracked one open. It had gone bad. We asked to change it out for Alaskan Amber. That had gone bad too. We ended up throwing the 6 pack away, which I don't do. The pizza was not square as they boast but round. And it looks nothing like the photos on the outside of the building or on their website. Small and scarce pepperoni with a cracker thin crust. Tasted like the pizza you get at an arcade or a bowling alley. My guess is it was frozen. We would have been better off getting a freezer pizza and 6 pack from Albertsons across the street. And it would have been a lot cheaper. $26 of junk we through out. We would never go back.
1	Food looked insanely good.They had great dining options extremely late.Too bad I never got to try any of it since we waited for 1.5 hrs and nothing came.
3	We made a return trip to Brando's on the way into Las Vegas en route from California in time for New Year's Eve.  Once again, the food that we were served was good, although requests for "medium rare" burgers missed the mark at "medium."  Nevertheless, the burgers were still juicy--much like Five Guys' burgers.  Diane had another Bacon Cheeseburger, and this time I ordered a Rocco Burger with Potato Salad.  Our server said that she had to check to see if any Potato Salad was available, and asked for me to select an alternative choice just in case.  So, I opted for Cole Slaw if no Potato Salad was available.  When I returned to my seat after going briefly to the restroom, Diane told me that in my absence the server had reported that neither Potato Salad nor Cole Slaw was available.  So, I chose French Fries.  And, the thin fries that came with my Rocco Burger were very tasty, as was my hamburger that was topped with Mozzarella, Cheddar Cheese, and sauteed mushrooms, in addition to onions, tomato, and leafy lettuce inside a light and tasty corrugated bun.But the correlation of what is on the menu and what is served at any given time is beyond haphazard.  I asked about homemade soup and Chili also listed on the menu, and the waitress said neither was available.  When I queried further about how one could tell when certain items would be available for consumption, she at last volunteered that the making of soups, Chili, Potato Salad, and Cole Slaw is entirely up to the whim of the chef on duty at the time.  And, she said that if a batch of Potato Salad is made, it usually lasts about three days.   But, our server admitted that the availability of these dishes is totally unpredictable at any given time.  I would call it "willy-nilly," and don't think this is a good way to run a restaurant.  A diner has a right to expect some consistency in what is offered and prepared by a dining establishment--especially for items that appear on the regular written menu, as all the missing offerings here in issue did.
1	Ive said it before - I like a good dive bar, and this place is a dive and has a feel that is not Vegas-y which can be a nice change.  However they leave ALOT to be desired.  We stopped here for some dinner sine we had a restaurant.com certificate.  We asked what the sever/bartender if there were any happy hour specials.  He saw our restaurant.com certificate and said "With that, that's your special".  Well OK then.  After a few minutes deliberating over the menu another gentleman came over to take our order - they were all out of the first FOUR THINGS I ORDERED.  I saw another review that mentioned they were out of a lot of food when they were there at 10PM...well this was only 7PM prime time for dinner - and out of half the menu!!!  The guy taking our order was nice enough.  The food was fine, nothing out of this world - bar food.  I got a burger on sourdough bread with fries(from frozen).It was very quiet when we were in there - just a couple older locals having a beer.  I am kind of surprised they are still in business.  I would not recommend bothering to try it out.
4	I went into Brando's after noticing the logos of all the Chicago sports teams painted on to the building.  I have been looking for a good place to watch my bears, since I moved here.  My girlfriend suggested we check it out for a monday night football game.  They offer chicago style pizza, which I had to try.  To clear some confusion... Chicago style pizza is NOT deep dish. We do love that in chicago, but Chi Style refers to the way that it is cut. In squares.  Brando's sign says Home of the Square Pizza. It isnt referring to the shape of the pie, but the cut.anyway, the pizza was awesome.  The sauce was perfect, great crispy crust.  Got a bucket of domestics for 12 bucks, and had really quick attentive service. The bartender/server made an effort to learn our names.  The only downside is that it was REALLY smoky, and for some reason there were children in there. People that bring their kids to a smoky bar suck, and I am gonna use the f word a lot on purpose if you bring them near me.
2	Hmm, its called Brandos and has nothing to do with Marlon Brando?Walking in and making that realization we should have left but the on-line menu had an amazing picture of Onion Rings and a good looking photo of a philly cheese steak so we took a seat based on that and the Chicago sports memorabilia hung up around the bar.It didn't take long for me to notice they dont have draft beer only bottles. If your business is stuck serving bottles you should at least go out of your way to serve hard to find brands and not stuff you can pick up at a local grocery store. I only saw one brand I didn't recognize and was highly disappointed. I know Tenaya creek would be happy to sell you some kegs and get some additional exposure on this side of the valley.The online menu lies! They dont serve onion rings anymore. The pictures of the Philly sub are miss leading to say the least. The sub I was served was lacking in both size (maybe half the size of the one in the picture)and definitely was lacking in flavor. The wings we shared weren't spicy and had an over the top Vinegar taste. Ive said it before and I will say it again Vinegar isnt a good spice on hot/spicy chicken wings.  The chef salad we ordered had a single slice of very thin lunch meat slice ham. About 100 black olives a single slice of tomato and maybe a Kraft single slice of cheese. It was pretty sad looking.The waitress was nice, answered questions quickly and was tentative without being pushy or intrusive. She even gave us a free order of fries when she realized I had ordered the waffle fries and was served the regular fries.Oh I almost forgot! Its a bar serving beer and alcohol but they only have a single toilet in the mens bathroom?! In fact that toilet was the size of a potty training toilet and I cant believe it can hold up to a busy night of swigging bottles.I wish I could recommend something good on the menu or even say something good about the bar but the only positive thing out of this meal was my GF won $70 bucks on the slot machine during our lunch and we pretty much ate here for free. If you live near by it might not be too bad to swing in for a quick beer before going elsewhere for better beer section and food quality. ITS A DIVE BAR SO DONT EXPECT THE Ritz
5	Great food, great service, but most of all great atmosphere. I love sports bars and this is one of the best in the local Vegas area!!! Wings are amazing, by the way.
5	I used to go to the very first Brando's on Blue Diamond Road almost 10 years ago. I've also been to the restaurant on Sunset/ Green Valley. On a recent trip back to Las Vegas I visited Brando's and WOW is it ever better than I remember! The atmosphere is always inviting, definitely a local feel but such a great change from the madness of restaurants on the Strip. The staff always welcomes you and makes you feel right at home. I chose Brando's to watch some NFL playoff games and they have so many TV's and the sound is LOUD which I love. I'd totally watch the Superbowl there. The best part is their PIZZA. Chicago style, they even have authentic deep dish. Fresh toppings and REAL mushrooms, not those fake one's most places use. Also the best Philly Cheese steak sandwich!  My drink was never empty and the beer was ice cold!  If you use the gaming machines, you drink for free too. I LOVE this place. WAY better than any chain joint I've found in Vegas. A must see!
5	With a sports bar setting its hard for a female to feel at home at such a venue... With what is typically known as a male dominated setting it is such a lovely relief to be able to enjoy such a well diverse place!! . Great staff meets great people meets great drinks makes for a fantastic party! I found my new neighborhood enclave! Cheers and check out this great bar that promotes family traditions..
5	Great sports bar. The owner and the bartenders are great people and create a great environment. This is a great place to watch a game, hang out and have some brews. It is what a sports bar should be. They do not have draft beer, which is a shame, but the selection of bottles is great and they do good deals during sporting events. The pizza is the star of the menu, but the sandwiches I've had there have always hit the spot.
5	In a word.Awesome! I was looking for a Chicago bar to watch my Blackhawks and yelp found Brando's and I found my new family! I've never felt so welcome before. From the time a walked thru the doors. From the Bartenders , especially Megan and my Waitress Heather and owners who are hands on. Make you feel like part of the family . And I can't forget about the food! Chicago style pizza to sliced beef, served wet or dry. You can't go wrong! Great prices and service bring me back every time. I found Chicago in Vegas!!!
1	Pizza was very bad like cardboard and was very expensive
3	Went on a MNF adventure.  It was Bears/Packers.  Packed house.  $2 drafts and $2 hot dogs.  Not bad but the patio was a bit cold.  I hear they have good pizza.
5	If you like Chicago sports, this is your place. Nick, the owner seems to be there 24/7. Incredible Chicago hot dogs and Italian beef. Good Chicago pizza. Of course, Bears, Blackhawks and Cubs game on the big screens all over the bar. The bartenders and servers are outstanding!! Nick added draft beers a while back, including some Goose Island 312 (draft and bottles).
5	Didn't think it was going to be that good when I walked in but I was surprised maybe the best wings I have had and pizza was very  good
5	Hands down the BEST Chicago bar in Vegas!!! There are three different styles of pizza to choose from, including the recent addition of deep dish (I say try one of each!!!). The beef sandwich (they even understand the lingo...wet, dry, sweet, hot) is also great. They always have Chicago games on, and it's the best place to watch hockey in the area. I absolutely love everyone that works there, too. Go there enough, and they become like family! I love Brandos!!!!!
4	Great place to go if you're a fan of any Chicago sports teams. The food isn't bad, either. I'm from New York so I'm a little biased when it comes to pizza, but the last two times I've been here, I've been satisfied with the pies. I'm eager to try the dogs. Maybe next time...
3	The bf and I are on a mission to find establishments in LV that have table shuffleboard and then tour the city going to each one and Brando's was our first stop. I found the place to be laid back, it wasn't at all gimmicky, and everyone seemed to be enjoying food, music, beer, TV, or a smoke and most importantly- each others company. We ordered a few beers- nothing you couldn't pick up at the liquor store. Staff was friendly and helpful. We ordered a pizza-which was pretty darn tasty. We played shuffleboard which was 2$ for 15 minutes of game time. There is a large covered patio to sit outside which would be nice for large crowds.
3	Brandi's sports bar is your regular sports bar. Food is good. It's bar food. Stop by when you're around the area...
5	I'm a Packers fan, but for a Bears bar their great. Anthony and his brother make you feel at home. And the food is excellent! Try their Chicago style pizza!
2	Attempted to watch blackhawks game here. Walked out 5 mins before game started. No good beer and food specials.. PBR and 312. Gross    At least get busch light  . Also had creepy people sitting at the bar who may as well have taken a picture , itd last longer.  One good thing was that the tvs are up close to the bar so you can see it clear
1	If you're looking for somewhere to watch a game on tv... Keep looking. Walked in & right back out.. Very smokey, nothing special, & prices weren't worth toughing it out for.
5	This place is amazing! They have amazing pizza, a super friendly staff, and big TV's for the games. I am a huge Cubs fan and this is my favorite place in Vegas for all Chicago sports!
1	A nasty dive.  Smokey, dirty floors and the restrooms (both) were disgusting.  My wife went in and right back out refusing to use the facilities.  And the food. The french fries tasted like fish.  I could say more but will leave it at that.Not worth wasting your money or time.
4	I am an EAGLES fan. This is a BEARS bar. I took my nephew here so he could enjoy a Vegas team bar experience (He is a BEARS fan) This bar is very quaint. I have seen this bar in my drives on blue diamond and have always heard of the great food. So it's game day and we decide to check this little place out. The staff is amazing and the crowd was awesome. We arrives early and got a plate of wings. These wings were perfectly fried and had a spicey follow through. There were so many we never did finish them all. Beer specials were good and again staff was awesome. I really want to go and eat some pizza here it looked incredible. Go here especially if you are a bears fan.
3	Long overdue for dining again on comfort food at Brando's, Diane and I returned there on the way back from California, after a 3-year absence.  The place appeared quite the same as before, with several large flat screen televisions spread around, and a thematic emphasis on all Chicago professional sports teams.  We took seats at a cluster of small dining tables on one side of the building, not far from the long bar, and then perused the menu, which has changed some but not much.  Overhead, as they passed through, fan blades kept periodically covering up a ceiling light, which caused a somewhat unpleasant strobe effect on our table top.  And, where we were seated, a few voices carried really loudly from customers standing just behind the adjacent bar.  Our table had a rather dirty top, but our bartender-server noticed and quickly cleaned it before our orders arrived.Diane opted for a Cheeseburger, which came definitely medium rare as ordered, with a lot of pink showing.  And the cheese draping over the meat was nicely melted.  For my late dinner I selected a Chicago Dog and a BLT, which came with tasty French Fries.  While the fries here were previously thin, these were elongated and somewhat thick.  They were soft on the inside and slightly crispy on the outside.  The Chicago Dog was authentic and quite good, with Sport Peppers, tomato wedges, onions, and nice emerald green relish with a fairly long dog nestled in a bun that was studded with poppy seeds.  It took me awhile to realize that no mustard was spread on the hot dog.  But suitable yellow mustard was on the table, which I quickly spread along the remaining wiener and bun.  The BLT on lightly toasted Sourdough, with lettuce and a touch of mayo, was top heavy with sliced tomatoes and rather bready.  While the bacon inside was good and tasty, the flavor barely came through.  Our server, Sean, was attentive, friendly, and solicitous of our needs,  The food here is good, if one happens to be in the area.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to travel crosstown just to eat here.
2	We used to hang out here all the time and it was a fun place to go. We stopped coming because of a certain situation but decided to go back after a couple years.. wow what a change.. service was horrible..  I guess if you're not a regular they don't give a shit..it sucks cause we love the family that owns the place.  Miss the old crew :(
3	Staff friendly. Bar is as advertised, Chicago'd out.Food, I haven't tried everything so this is based on the deep dish pizza. I would say it was good, no better no worse. I asked for light sauce and it still dominated. The pepperoni were in there somewhere, they just didn't fond their way into my mouth very often. (Or they were drowned in the sauce) I always give places a second chance, but for now Amores deep dish edges Brandos in round 1. Overall, good atmosphere, friendly place, great place to catch a game and drinks.
