4	JT Whitney's is a very good restaurant and brewpub. In a town where brewpubs abound, most JTW's beer stands out to me. The alt is very tasty, as is the porter. Great prices, too. I think a happy hour pint is $2.75 or something close to it. Some of the lighter beer is so-so, however. But that's not really my thing anyway. And they are one of the only establishments on the West side of Madison with a Golden Tee machine! The food is standard pub fare but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable, too. I could do without the live music, though. The place really isn't set-up for it and it doesn't add anything to the atmosphere.
3	The BF and myself both took a vacation day last Friday (2.8.08) and decided on trekking up to Madison.  We both really need a change of scenery as the city/winter was getting to us.  I think we actually saw peeks of sun that day too!  On our way home, we stopped off here for some grub.  We literally had no expectations and I guess we didn't walk away overly impressed.  It was just there.  It really lacked character or something.  We were there for happy hour and they do have good prices on their brewskies.  Food was just ok...everything was beer battered!  Needless to say, I don't think we will be racing to go back there again the next time we are in the area.  I could see how te locals might like it, but overall was not impressed.
4	I would rate JT's a solid 3.5 to 4 stars.  It is the kind of brewpub that is more of a place for regulars and locals given it's location near Westgate Mall.  I've been a Mug Club member here for the last four years, which is a decent program they have where you buy an annual membership and get your own 25 oz. mug behind the bar.  Mondays & Thursdays are Mug Club days where the beer is cheap - $2.50 a mug.  To top it off, various days throughout the year are "Free Beer" days, where the first mug is free.  Not that I needed an excuse to drink on Tax Day, but it was nice.  There is also Thursday night poker, which a number of my friends attend.The food is generally good.  I've worked my way through the menu over the years and I would say the sandwiches are the high point.  I especially enjoy the roast beef BLT, the jerk chicken and the eggplant parmesan.  I also enjoy the artichoke white 9" pizza.  The beer fries are decent depending on how soon you get them out of the fryer.  I always joke about getting the scotch egg but I've only followed through once - it probably took a year off my life.  The appetizers are good if you're looking for fried food to soak up the beer.  The beer fries plate is almost impossible to finish.  I really enjoy the beer pretzels - simple and delicious with spicy mustard, though I do rub off most of the salt.  Service can be hit or miss.  The bartenders can sometimes be distant and preoccupied with their friends, and I've had a couple of terrible experiences with certain waitstaff.  On the whole service is quick and friendly, but it can be somewhat unpleasant on an off night.The beer selection is usually decent, but you have to know what you like coming into the place.  I would rank their Alt and Dark Alt as almost the best I've had in that particular subgenre.  I also enjoy the Rebellion Rye, Triple Treat, APA and Biere de Garde.  Some of the others are less impressive.  I've never been a fan of their weisse varieties or their lighter beers (Goldenshine, Koln Kolsch, etc.).  In comparing Madison brewpubs JT Whitney's isn't the best, but they're consistently good.
4	I love this place. This is exactly the kind of place I want to go to when I want to sit down, have a beer, and hang out with my friends. The beer selection is pretty good, although some are much better than others. I'd recommend having a sampler of six the first time you go to find out what you like, then stick with that. The food is very good as well. The last time I went I had the fish fry - the breading is different than normal, which is a good thing.
3	Meh...  is my opinion for this place at lunch time.  It's a bar, not a restaurant.  If it was dark and I had my beer goggles on I might have a different opinion.They do have a soup and salad bar.  It looks quite small, but actually has a decent selection to choose from and good quality stuff.  Cheddar Beer soup was good.  I added some croutons from the salad bar, yum!
3	I hate to do this, but I've got to downgrade my previous review and say that JT's is just OK nowadays.  I'm still going there regularly after games and on Mug Club days but the last five or six times have been disappointing.  First and foremost gripe: they lost my damn mug!  What's the point of having a personalized mug when the bartender comes back with someone else's?  As my buddy put it: "It's like you're mowing some other dude's lawn."  Every time I mention it they've said they'll make me up a new one, but to no avail.  Second gripe: new menu.  Over the years I've seen quite a few different menus but their previous incarnation was the best of them all.  They changed it up again earlier this year and in the process eliminated most of my favorites.  The one new item I was excited about, the catfish po' boy, ended up being over-seasoned two out of three times, leading me to give up on it.  Third (and final) gripe: the service is slipping.  Now there were always times before where we didn't get the best service but the managers were always conciliatory and usually offered free drinks or something like that to make up for the mistakes.  But lately we've noticed that the new bartenders have a hell of a bad attitude and some of the servers are simply terrible.  An Egregious Example: we were seated in the back due to a larger than usual group.  The kid that seated us never sent a waitress, so I had to come up after 15 minutes.  The waitress then didn't come back for our drinks, so I had to go up to the bar for refills.  Then the food came out over 45 minutes after we ordered it, and one order was wrong.  To top things off, we were charged for both the wrong and corrected entree.  Wow!  Now this doesn't happen all the time, but the bad experiences are cropping up with more and more regularity.  Although it pains me to do it, JT's is now 3 stars and risks sliding lower.  I truly hope that 2009 brings an improvement.
