5	Been with Lyle Knutsen for 20 years. Always been my source for reliable fast quality auto work. Never backed up and usually  big and small jobs started that day, little ones finished same. Fixed my flat tires for free, always saved me money on the dealership. Can't say enough  - If I could, I'd leave him to my son in my will.
2	After spending $600 and making 3 trips to replace several parts Knudsen's still had not identified the reason my check engine light was on. Lyle had scanned the diagnostic codes again and was going to call but never did. Took it to 3A Automotive on Hatcher Rd where they correctly diagnosed the fault in less than an hour and for under $100. I believe Knudsen's is an honest shop and a good bunch of guys but their prices are high, the diagnosis flawed, and no follow up or consideration for their mistakes.
1	I took my Ford van in because it had a leak when I came to pick it up I was told that the manifold was the problem and that it would cost about $450.00.  I decided to take it to get a second opinion. At that point the representative said it will cost you $125 because we had to put it through our machine to check it out. I asked it that cost would be applied towards the cost if I had the repair done and he said no.  I found it odd that no mention of having put it through their computer was mentioned until I said I was taking it for a second opinion.  In conclusion the second place found nothing wrong with the manifold.  This place is not to be trusted!!
4	Got a new battery for the 91 ford pick up and they are just around the corner. I love convenience.Then went to run errands and the brakes went out. They fixed them the same day at a very good price. Thank you!!!!!
5	I was on my way home from work late one night and my two front tires went flat! I pulled into the parking lot as they were closing and they re-opened their shop and filled up my tires to make sure I could get home okay even with a slow leak.  Even better, the mechanic called my dad (who has also been a long time customer of Knudsen's) to make sure that I got home safely.  I, of course, needed to get my tires replaced and they were able to price match and get me a good deal. I will continue to go here for my auto repairs and tune ups and I would definitely refer all my friends and family because this is clearly a company that cares about their customers!
5	Absolutely wonderful. I was having an awful day hit a curb and bent my rim. I went here because it was my closest option. I arrived. They said they were full but would take a quick look and see what they could do. A gentleman came over about twenty minuets later. Took my wheel off. Banged up the rim and ran a quick leak test on it and was done. I was astonished. I walked back into the main room to pay. The gentleman asked what he did , I told him and said "how much do I owe you?" He said " nothing just go tip him."  Wonderful service. Thank you !
5	I had great customer service here. I called and got a free oil change and when I got there they were all nice and great conversation with them. I got a quote with some things I wanted to add to my truck. And they were lower in price then another place I went to by $400.00 I will be going there to add some things to my truck. Thanks
5	One of my go to shops. Knudsen's literally defines what a small family business should be. My dad has trusted Lyle with his cars for over a decade, and he's been doing mine since I started driving. The service is quick, the work is done correctly the first time, and Lyle and the staff will keep you informed on what they're doing to your car, and why. Most of the time I need parts I buy them from Lyle, as I like to give him the business. The few times it made more sense to provide my own parts Lyle was more than willing to do the install for me, and wasn't offended. He's played both sides of the fence, and understands the customers perspective. They're all car guys to the bone.One thing that really stands out for is the several times I've heard Lyle tell customers that they didn't need something, or directs them to a cheaper option. I think it says a lot about the integrity of the shop that Lyle doesn't feel the need to up sell. He makes enough money through honest hard work and repeat business that he doesn't need to gouge you. As far as I am concerned, that defines good business.Overall, great place. We all want an honest and fair mechanic, and Knudsen's embodies everything a great auto shop should be.
