5	Not having a car right now makes living in my area of Las Vegas very trying. Grocery shopping is definitely a pain, so I tried out Von's grocery delivery service for the first time. I found it easy to arrange, as their website makes choosing products very simple.  I tend to buy mostly produce, and found that  everything I wanted was available.  The only problem I encountered was in updating the number of items in the cart. I would think I had successfully downgraded only to find that I still had multiple numbers of something, or that I still had less than the number I wanted.  I think that's more a function of my being new to the site than a problem on their end.Before sending your order in there is a little "matrix" where you check the kind of substitution you will accept if your item is unavailable. For example, I wanted a 16 ounce package of pico de gallo, but would accept the same amount made by a different company.Setting up a time for next-day delivery was simple- you get a window of a couple of hours. My delivery was made right on time by a very friendly guy who had the perishables separated from the non-perishables, and a nice printout of my purchases with the final price on it. He went over my list in order to point out that that a substitution had been made for the pico de gallo- I got two 7-oz containers of a different brand, as they were out of the type I'd chosen. Since I was prepared for possible substitutions, I was fine with that.  So, my delivery was timely, the produce was in good shape, the final price was within a couple of dollars or so of the estimated price (they have to allow for produce weight and substitutions so you don't know the exact full price until it's delivered), and the delivery guy was friendly and professional.  This delivery was free, but future ones will cost about $15 I believe.  That's really  not bad, considering I'd have to make multiple trips or take a cab at least one way if I shopped on my car-less own.
5	I love this service.  I had  the flu and didn't feel up to going grocery shopping.  I decided to give Von's  delivery service a try and was so happy I did.  I went on Von's web site, selected the products I wanted, paid with my credit card and set up a delivery time for the next day.  The groceries arrived on time, delivered by a very friendly man who was nice enough to separate the eggs and frozen foods for me.  It was so easy.  I didn't have to find parking, wait in a check out line and load and unload my car of heavy grocery bags.  I know I will be using this service a lot more in the future.
4	I admit, I was lazy.  So lazy that I used Vons Grocery Delivery Service. The online experience was good, they had online only specials, as well as the in-store stuff too.  Delivery can be same-day if you order early, but I opted to get it delivered next day.  I like the fact that if I forgot to add something, there is a few hour window to change or to add to your order.   There are special offers when you use their service for the first time (free delivery, plus free water and paper towels). The delivery fee is high, but there are specials to get free delivery.Pricing does seem higher using the service compared to the store prices, but with the hassle of driving there, finding parking, walking the store, going in line, loading the stuff, and then driving all the way back only to unload everything; maybe, its worth it.So the next day comes, the driver gives me a courtesy call to let me know that he is leaving his stop and will be at my place within 10 minutes so I can be ready.  The driver was very friendly and helpful, separated my refrigerator food, my freezer foods and meats.  Very good service and I was pleasantly surprised.Only complaint was that a few items were missing (bread and some soda), but a call to customer service fixed it up by either offering a refund to my card or a credit for next time.
