5	Pure awesome.  The owner brews gluten free beer on his own as well, so he gave me a quick rundown of how to do it... guided me right thru.  The prices are great, and he states he will hold your own brews at his location if you need a good stable temperature for fermentation up until it is bottled.He also carries many micro brews to sell... individual cooled beers and also the multipacks.  BTW... he tends to carry Dogfish Head quite a bit... he even had some of the 120 Minute IPA which is hard to come by.
4	I do love this place. I bought a beer making kit for my fiance from here for his birthday. He finally opened his first homemade beer from the IPA kit and it tasted very good! There is a wide selection of beer AND wine available for all tastes and preferences that are hard to find even at BevMo. We always come here to my fiances IPAs and he is always happy them :-) The only downside I have to say is the owner is not the most personable person I've ever met. I brought my friends in from Las Vegas who work in the industry and are huge beer enthusiasts. When they already had a pile of various expensive beers on the table they asked for other recommendations they might have missed, and the answer was they were all great. And then asked if they should buy a 6 pack of any they had already picked out and weren't specifically directed to much besides 1 type. They were ready to spend quite a bit of money at this place but left only spending $70. Maybe he was busy or having a bad day.Other then that I recommend everyone come in and check this place out! It's very interesting.
5	Fantastic brew selection! Everyone here is willing to help. One of our favorite spots!
4	Found this place when we came to the BBQ joint next door. The guys working in the shop were knowledgable and there is a large selection of craft brews as well as home brew supplies. If that were not enough, they have several beers on tap and good prices on growlers. Needless to say, I took a small growler home to enjoy with the BBQ and will be making the drive again to Anthem for beer and BBQ (next door).
