4	I love Greek food...whether it's the generic souvlaki-rice-and-potatoes, or the more upscale version.  This is definitely the souvlaki take out version, but it's very different than others.  I've had Mr. Greek and Jimmy the Greek (and others) more times than I can count, it's my go-to when I'm hungry in a mall.  It's usually the best option in the food court.  But Grab a Greek is different.My colleagues at work kept raving about this place, so I finally had to try it.  At first I was annoyed because it cost a little over $10 for the souvlaki dinner meal, which is usually around $8.  But then I tried it.  The chicken wasn't dry like it usually is...it was moist.  And it tasted fresh.  The seasoning was even a little better than most other places.  The tsatsiki was also delicious, but it's pretty hard to mess that up.  The rice had flavour, not just colour.  And the potatoes hadn't been sitting in oil for an hour.  It was probably the best take-out Greek I've ever had.All in all, it's great souvlaki that's worth the extra couple dollars.
4	Dece food and accepts watcard
4	Great place. Cheap as well ($5 gyro specials). Professional, efficient staff and the food is always consistent. I recommend their Canadian Gyro. They fill it with so much meat that its a pretty satisfying meal. I think they make their own pita as well as I saw them pull it out of the oven once. I can't make any comments about the authenticity of this place as I haven't had much greek food in my time, but relative to all the other pita/wrap places in the plaza, this place is one of the best.
5	Really good greek food. The meat themselves are not the star of the dishes, but the side dishes are really fantastic. The rice has seasoned potato juice poured over it, which makes it so flavorful. The potato themselves are also very good. The salad is quite nice, but be wary of the olives if you do not like heavy tastes. The staff is really friendly and service is usually quick.Great place!
4	Greek food located in University Plaza beside University of Waterloo, frequented by students and nearby workers. Parking lot usually quite full during the day.Ordered the chicken souvlaki platter as it was on promotion for $7.95 plus tax. The order itself came to around 9 bucks, which is alright since they gave out a generous portion of food. Without the promotion, meals would probably be around $12 after tax, which is steep for Greek fast food. The chicken souvlaki was moist and well seasoned. The platter came with rice, potatoes, greek salad, two wedges of pita and tzatziki sauce. The rice was cooked well and served with the same sauce used to cook the potatoes, and the greek salad was fresh.Service was quick and no hassle.  Pretty decent for the price and location. 4 stars. Will return if willing to splurge.
4	I have to admit I stop in here way too often. It's at least a weekly event for me. Whether I'm on my way to class or headed home, around meal times, or not, the food is always fresh, and of high quality.The thing that sets this place apart for me is the actual pita bread they use. It's warm and squishy, whereas the other pita places in the area seem to use thin bread that breaks really easily and doesn't have much substance.Another thing I really like is that they put a few fries inside the pita, just to add a bit more oomph.
3	I thoroughly enjoyed the first few bites, despite the fact that the taste was very different from the food I'm used to. I do remember thinking that it tasted very good at first. The portions are very generous and the service friendly and speedy.  "So that's a 4/5 panda's right Jacky?" Not exactly.My problem is that I found myself craving other food once I reached the half way point. I will not deny that the food here is good, but I don't think its a right choice for everyone. I notice that this might just be a realization that I don't like Greek food (strong taste) and it isn't fair to put my biases on the review. However, this wasn't my first visit and I believe good food should be able transcend cultural biases. I want to add that it was unfortunate I could not avoid ordering a side of fries with my meal. I think I might have missed out on the real experience. Please don't be fat like me; get real side dish (soup or rice pudding).
4	I would say that the gyro special (gyro+ sides+ drink)  is an excellent choice for lunch and the price is under $8 which is decent if you compare it to all the other places in the plaza. If you take fries as a side (which I recommend) they make it as soon as you order. The pita is also stuffed with as much meat as it can possibly hold so the meal is actually quite filling. I remember they used to weigh the meat so each pita gets a fair amount but I haven't seen that done the last 2 times I've been there.Overall, a great place for a quick meal.
