4	Just had part of my Bachelor Party there this weekend, and it was really fun. The golf was challenging, the views were nice and the grounds looked well kept. I know they are still building the area and hopefully when they get an actual club house it will have a bar/cafe cause that seemed to be the only thing missing. The best part about the place is that they allowed us to bring in our own beer, and they even gave us two drink passes, so we tipped the beer cart pretty well cause otherwise she would be making much but overall I would like to take the drive out there again and play this course again, or maybe one of the other two that they have.
3	Played there today. The views and conditions were very nice but be prepared. There is no clubhouse. I mean none. No Pro shop. No food or drink. They did provide free bottle water on the first hole. We did see a cart girl but she doesn't accept credit cards. The course is really long so it makes a long day with no food or drink.
3	Giving this course 2 stars because it is not very interesting outside of a couple holes, even though it took me to task because I could not get off the tee box. The greens were incredibly slow. One additional star for the the staff, all very friendly and helpful.
4	This course is a bit of drive from Central Scottsdale but it is a lot of fun once you're out there.  While there is now real clubhouse (you check-in at a small trailer) the driving range and course make up for it.  Thanks to the recent housing bust there very few homes around this course and most of those seem to be empty.  The course has a good mix of hole layouts and the views are fantastic.  As long as the price is right this course is fun to play, not overly challenging and usually available given its location.
4	Great course!  Generous fairways, accepting greensOnly one hole with water (18)Actual sand in the bunkersI'm a fan!4 bottles of water provided in the coolerCart girl was stocked!  (Turkey bacon wrap....delish)Bring cash, towel and your own GPS if desiredPlay it from the tips!Fit Pro
4	Played in the 110 degree heat but still had a fun round. I was impressed with the layout of this course compared to the other ones at tonto verdo across the street. This layout seemed modern and fun rather than tight and targety. It was in decent shape for mid summer but I would like to play it in winter shape. It looks like they were trying to get houses built around the course but so far there are only a few. No clubhouse or anything but that didn't bother me. As long as they supplied the group with water and ice I was happy. The starter was very friendly. Views of the valley and 4 peaks was excellent. For $25 it was a good deal.I agree with Shawn S. Generous fairways and actual sand in bunkers!
4	Great golf but not a country club.  No club house or snack bar. Driving range nice and putting green true to course. No frills desert golf.  Hit it bad lose a ball.  Hit it good and get to hit it again.  Lots of bunkers and elevated greens. Some local knowledge is that the greens break toward 4 peaks.  30$ per player - nice.4 bottles of water and ice in the cooler was a bonus. Friendly staff.Tip the bag guys. They work hard.
5	This is a great golf course.  As some reviewers have noted there isn't a clubhouse so Vista Verde will not, at least at this juncture, give you the amenities and experience of a country club like most Scottsdale-area public courses. But.... playing the course more than makes up for that.  This past Saturday was the third time I have played the course and I expected my round to dampen somewhat my previous high appreciation for this course.  Instead it reinforced my belief that for the price point, course quality and playing experience at Vista Verde really are unmatched.  The course won't "wow" you as much Troon North or Eagle Mountain, each with their scenic vistas but it's packed with enough variety to impress even the most experienced of desert golfers.  Vista gives the golfer a number of long and short par 4s, including a risk-reward driveable par 4 on the front that can easily turn a sure par into a double bogey disaster.  A long and difficult par 5 highlights the back nine with the par 3s providing relief from the numerous and difficult par 4s that populate this course.  On this particular day, as with every previous time I've played this course, the tee boxes were well maintained, the fairways lush and delineated and the greens fast and very difficult.  The staff is extremely helpful and your cart is equipped with ice and bottled water at the beginning of the round.  By far, Vista Verde is my favorite course for all of the reasons above.  Highly recommended for the local or golf vacationer.
5	Great course for those who want a well maintained course with plenty of challenges in a beautiful setting.  Ample fairways, large deep sand traps and elevated greens with lots of speed and contour.  Friendly staff and golf carts stocked with ice and water.  However if you want a clubhouse, paved cart paths or indoor toilets (the course has port-a-potties, this course is not for you.  Oh, and the greens fees are half of the cost of comparable courses.
4	Had the pleasure of going out to Vista Verde the other day and enjoyed very much. Comments below:First, was tremendous value for the money. Paid $39 via Golfnow and could not of been more happy.Next, the course is in fairly good condition. Fairways and greens in very nice shape. Greens difficult to putt on, but not horrible. All fair.Don't expect amenities like a country club. Clubhouse a trailer and driving range is not in great shape. However, all staff very friendly and helpful.Last, don't expect any delicacies from golf cart. Paid $9.00 for sandwich and was not any selection.  However, water in carts very appreciated.All in all great day and nice place.
4	This is a terrific course.  The views are spectacular, the staff was friendly and attentive, and the course was in great shape.  Although I'm a duffer, I will return just because it's a fun course to play, both challenging and visually appealing.  Unlike a lot of the desert courses in AZ, it's memorable and easy to remember a lot of the holes the next day.  The range was closed due to rain issues, but other than that my only preference would have been 150 yard markers.  However, the sprinklers are adequately marked and distances were never a problem.  Maybe I've just too used to seeing the 150 stakes from the tee box, but don't let that stop you from playing.
5	Vista Verde is one of my favorite courses.  Although it's a hefty trek, even from North Phoenix, it's well worth the drive.  The course is always in great shape and pace of play seems to be above average.  The clubhouse was just finished which is nice.  The course is tough but fair.  Recommended for anyone with a 20 handicap or less in my opinion.
