4	I go here often, and they usually never have what I need or want in the way of supplies and the staff is differing in helpfullness and friendliness. If I get the boss man, he's always right there at the door and doesn't mind having a chat with you, tries to help you the best he can and get you taken care of. Some of the others run a blank stare while you're raising an eyebrow at them not knowing if they have something and don't check. I have called on a couple occasions asking if they had certain things, gone there to get it "We stopped selling that" or "We've never had that." But...I just called and someone told me they DID. Sigh...I can't let that stop me though. They have the most and cheapest ingredients I need for my show poultry feed. I take great pride in my show animals and I bring in my list of what I need for my mix and they get me taken care of. NEVER have I gotten any buggy, moldy or bad feed from this place. They take good care of their supply and always have a constant in and out of things. Plus, they know you and your car just about the first time you come. You tell them what you need, they disappear and you turn around waiting for them to come back, and they're back in a flash saying "You're all set!" or they've got it all on the dolly and at you're car. They load it with ease and wish you well on your way out. I can't beat the prices for my feed and trustworthy cleanliness and quality of the feed. Even though some of the staff are lacking in the social area, it's still great service.By the way, Mesa also carries the GOOD pet food. Not the bad stuff like Purina, Pedigree and Ol Roy! Check out what you're really feeding your dog and cats and give them the better food! Buy the good food here and cheaper than Pet Club in Mesa for about $2 cheaper! PS, they also carry dog vaccines at good prices. Just bring a baggie with ice in it as it has to stay cold and they didn't provide one when we got one.
4	Hard to find as you have to go down a side street that is gravel and looks like you might be able to buy some crack and a bj. Shady. Pulled right in, told the Dude what I wanted, paid, he loaded 3 bales of hay, and was on my way!
3	This place isn't hard to find at all.  It's on the north side of Broadway, west 1-3 buildings of Mesa Dr.  I would love to give a better review / rating, but my experience was just okay.  I needed organic chick(en) feed, but it wouldn't be in until Thursday.  Seems they order baby chicks about once a week - something I couldn't find in any reviews - from Murray McMurray hatchery.  I'm curious if they'll add a partial order to their weekly order; this would save a huge shipping cost and potentially a large order requirement.Selection was decent.  Employees were empathetic, friendly and helpful.  Prices were okay - nothing to write home about, but also not a huge gouge.  I look forward to dealing with them more, and hopefully updating and positively increasing my review.
5	I've been going to Mesa Feed Barn for years, for either dog food, rabbit or chicken feed and even hay. Prices are good, customer service is great, they'll even load up your car or truck with your purchase without asking. Very easy to find it's right on Broadway just west of Mesa Dr. There's a big sign you can't miss it.
3	Pros and cons here.The gentleman that takes my money always seems to be helpful.  They frequently have a fair supply of chicks when the season allows.They have a selection of supplies that I can typically use on my dogs in sizes made for livestock (horses/cattle/pigs) but I consider useful to have on hand.They honor coupons too.Questionable business practice - accepting a Purina coupon for scratch and then giving me some unknown brand and telling me you never carry Purina scratch and that they're "all the same".  Something is wrong with this...
4	As feed stores go this is pretty good. This is not Starbucks so service is more  a guy thing than some of you might prefer. Everybody I have worked with has been courteous and efficient. I get hay in big loads and they always load it and do a good job. Prices are always competitive and they have what I need.I agee that they sometimes will tell you they have an item and then when you show up there may be an different story. I am always specific when I call though and that rarely happens to me.You may feel they don't care if you stop in or not but that is more  a product of youth in the staff than owners attitude. They run a good feed store and the feed is clean.Over all I like them and reccomend them.
4	We buy chicken feed here all the time. They are always well stocked and prices are very reasonable. I have no idea why other guy said that about gravel road/hard to get there. Yes, this is a small site but supper easy to find and right off broadway.
