1	this subway somehow always makes me sick. i suggest not ordering anything there and making a sandwich at home.
4	Thank heavens this Subway is still in Biz.    The staff is a rotation of kids, but the sandwich and bread never fail.    Thanks subway for your $5 promo.
2	What is different about this Subway?1. Very small space, forget finding a table at lunch time. Lines out out the door.2. I think they have new owners or managers, and that may not be a good thing. They used to be generous with toppings and sauces (not overly generous, but in line with other Subways). Now they are VERY stingy... very little sauce, small amounts of all toppings, etc. Seriously, I think my "sandwich artist" was counting black olives.3. Stingy with the meat. I typically get the sweet onion chicken, and they now make darn sure when portioning the chicken they don't allow one small piece to stock out of the already small scoop. My last sub did not have more than 6 medium-small sized pieces of chicken. I think the other subs with pre-portioned meat are fine.I like subway, but look for different location (about 3 mi. south).
2	Bleh, cold egg sandwich for breakfast?  Whose idea was this, to make a COLD egg breakfast sandwich?Anyway, seems like a bunch of kids run this place.  Was rather clean though, with decent parking, but man that breakfast is lame.
2	Ugh, I truly dislike that this is the closest Subway to my work. I don't LIKE Subway, but I don't mind it. This Subway makes me mind it.They are quick but not very courteous. One of the guys barely even acknowledges I'm there. Sometimes I need to repeat myself because they aren't paying attention. They use a sub-par amount of veggies. Two tomato slices and less than a handful of lettuce doesn't cut it on a 6-inch.The only reason I don't put one star is because I go here often enough that they might recognize me. Guys, please load on those veggies and be a tad bit more attentive. It's Scottsdale. People will tip you.
4	They turned it around! New management? New employees? Whatever it was, this Subway is 10x better than last year. Even with a line out of the door at noon, the wait for a sandwich is usually pretty quick and everyone is friendly and efficient. Of course, Subway is still Subway. However, now it's a lot more pleasant to stop by the cheapest and quickest lunch in the area. This location is my lunchtime staple.
1	I've been coming to this subway for years and I think the last few months ownership or management has changed and not for the better.   The staff isnt trained very well on how to do their job.. will be going to another store from now on.
2	Sometimes it's really hard for restaurants to find good employees.  I have found that MOST of the time, as long as a restaurant has a responsible, most likely older manager on staff for all shifts, even the youngest employees will work to the best of their ability - sometimes even surprising themselves.  So when I first visited this store and saw the cashier texting on his cell phone (he claimed he was texting his manager), instead of preparing my transaction, it made me very frustrated!I would go back to this store if my guests wanted to have subway subs, however ONLY because they are the nearest location within a ten mile radius or so.  Chances are the help will have been fired or quit and then rehired the next time I go.  This is the nature of the restaurant business.
1	25 minutes and still waiting to order Sat. Nov. 22ndIf you like waiting in line this is the place. I feel sorry for the two individuals working.  Perhaps the owner needs to come in and help out
