5	GREAT, GREAT, GREAT.  At first you might feel like the portions are small but they are doing you a service and saving you room for dessert.  Some of the best food I've had in ages.  I went with 3 other people and everyone's meal was great.  Salad superb,  the scallops to die for.  The duck just melted in your mouth.
5	I agree that the timing here is great.I've only been once but they had a cowboy-ish old dude jammin' so that was pretty cool.I was here for a work thing with some people I had just met so I just spent the entire dinner wondering how the f was I  going to expense this...luckily  one of the dudes paid, saving my boss from having to fire my ass (upscale + North Scottsdale = Out of my price range).I had a DELISH pumpkin soup that had some seeds it in for crunch, a side salad that wasn't too special, a chicken entree w/ mushrooms and a bunch o' beer.  We all tried one another's food and it was all good, though I can't remember anything particular. Definitely save room for dessert!Pretty good wine selection, as noted numerous times by a particularly obnoxious wino in our group.
3	I could walk to this place from my house...but I have been cautious to try it because last year we tried to go eat here and we got major attitude just trying to stop and look at the menu.  The staff was pissed that they would actually have customers.   Imagine that!  Yesterday we tried to go to the La Jolla Cafe which is right underneath The Painted Horse, but they were closed.  So we decided to give The Painted Horse one more shot.  THE FOOD:  Eh....good but nothing to write home about. Way overpriced.  I have to say my little dinner salad was great and sadly the best part of the meal.Hubby ordered the ribs. Meat was tender, but they skimp on the sauce, which was a little too bitter. I think they were going for Chipotle Raspberry sauce and it just didn't work.   Fries were good. I had some sort of chicken that was oddly in the shape of a ball. No joke.  I don't know about y'all, but I thought chicken was supposed to look like chicken, not a softball.  It was stuffed with cheese and spinach and then drizzled with a creamy sauce over a bed of whipped potatoes.  Overall, it was decent tasting.  I think the presentation was just too weird.  Ball chicken...that's what I will always remember. LOLWe didn't order dessert which now I'm thinking maybe my review would have been better if we had.  VERDICT:  Food is "ok" but way too overpriced for what you get.  Seems like prices are ridiculous just because the Four Seasons is right down the road.  Staff was "attentive" but not friendly.
4	Customer service here was top notch.  Chef Elliot picked up our first round and came out to greet us and talk about the food and the area (we've recently moved out here).  He was very warm and welcoming, which goes a long way for me.  We dined at the bar--the bartender, Jordan, was attentive and friendly.  I ordered the caper calamari and the summer salad.  The calamari was scrumptious and the salad was very good (mixed greens, berries, gorgonzola).  Hubby ordered the short ribs.  I didn't taste but he seemed to like the dish.  We had vanilla creme brulee for dessert--yum.  We'll definitely be going back to The Painted Horse.  Food's great, service is great and it's only a 10 min. drive :o)
5	Enjoyed a delicious lunch there with friends this afternoon.  Having grown up around thoroughbreds I really enjoyed the horse paintings around the dining room (which are reasonably priced for sale).The food was excellent, as was the service.  We started with guacamole prepared tableside accompanied by what tasted like homemade tortilla chips.  I had the chicken quesadilla (minus the green chilis) and my friends had a turkey club wrap and a chicken caesar salad.  We all thought that the food was fresh, prepared to order and served in a timely manner.I noticed on their website, www.paintedhorserestaurant.com, that they open weekends at 9:00am, so I think it would be a great breakfast place, though there is not a breakfast or brunch menu posted online.I highly recommend The Painted Horse.  It is an excellent value and its menu choices are right on the mark!
5	I have also tried The Painted Horse a couple of Sundays for breakfast/brunch.  Again, the food and the service are excellent at this time of day.  I would describe the area it's in as Troon North, but it is definitely worth setting your GPS or doing a MapQuest to find if you drive from Cave Creek, Carefree, Rio Verde, Scottsdale or elsewhere.
5	Looking for the best salad around?  Try Donna's Summer Salad at The Painted Horse.  It has assorted greens, gorgonzola, mixed berries, toasted walnuts, raspberry vinaigrette and bits of chicken white meat.  It's great for lunch and it's a nice side at dinner.I order it as the "Donna Summer Disco Salad," which went over my young server's head recently, LOL!
4	kind of a strip-mally place but we dug it. we got there late as we had just flown in and our driver was late for the pick-up. we had planned to eat at home but after doing groceries at AJ's no one had the energy to grill. kitchen was closing as we arrived but the hostess , after warning us of the fact , sweet talked the staff into staying . food was good , staff was upbeat and we appreciated that they didn't hurry us even though we arrived at the closing bell. atmosphere was alright -( western motif but i am down with that-( hailing from Calgary and all)). crowd was well aged - lots of local ladies i suspect straight from the links , bridge , canasta or whatever is hip where they reside. we had a good time and appreciated their kindness-
5	This place is in a great location - next to the Boulders and all of the beautiful scenery. The mountains up here are gorgeous and worth the drive alone. But top that off with great food (especially the salads!) and great service well that just makes a night out (and go at twilight!) to die for. It is fairly easy to get to - just straight down Scottsdale Rd. And you can do some shopping around here too. I am impressed but a lot of things are impressing me about AZ. This is definitely one spot to check out.
5	I used to work next door so I had the pleasure of eating here all the time, you really get to know a place like that. I was never ever disappointed and found them to be really accommodating. The best comfort food ever is sitting at the bar and enjoying their pork sliders with an order of homemade potato chips.
5	Great food, fun atmosphere
5	The food was delicious and the service was even better. Our server, Jeff, was great and was very helpful with each question. We had creme brulee for desert and it was ridiculous. We hope to go back soon.
4	Good atmosphere for a neighborhood location. Menu items had a great selection of salads - sliders were great!Will be back!
5	Delicious is all I can say with a wonderful wait staff!  Donna's Summer Salad, and Pork Sliders Rock!
5	Yum!  The food is so good.
