1	Went to this Arbys a few days ago because I was craving the Ultimate Angus (Three Cheese and Bacon) sandwich. The advertised picture of this sandwich looks amazing. Well to my surprise, once I received my sandwich, it looked like a totally different item. The bread was even different. It was horrible. I know food doesnt always look as advertised but this was not even close.
1	As usual they slop a whole bunch of secret sauce so you can't taste the beef or the rest of the sandwich.  I had the new advertised Rueben and sure wasn't impressed.
4	This is our second time at Arby's for the King's Hawaiian sandwiches, we typically don't frequent Arby's very often but these sandwiches have brought us back twice in a month which is unheard of. The service was okay, the food was good, the fries were hot. Would I drive across town for Arby's? No, but just down the street is fine with me. 4 stars because this happens to be a location with competent staff, fresh curly fries, and a soda machine that was well stocked. What more could you ask for?
3	Our food was served fresh and fast! Amongst our group, we had an apple turnover which has delicious frosting, jalepeno poppers, Reubens, a roast beef sandwich, a couple of shakes, and fries. They only had one apple turnover left so we had to split one. The chocolate shake was really a vanilla shake with chocolate syrup squirted in for decoration. The rest of the food was incredible! Totally bummed about the shake and turnover..... Maybe next time.
5	The cashier was extremely efficient. He got my order right the first time without making me repeat anything at the drive thru window. After he gave me my total, I made the decision to add a bottle of that fabulous Arby's Sauce they now sell by the bottle! Heaven!! He told me he would have my updated total at the window. When I got to the window and he gave me the total, I asked if that included the bottle of sauce. He responded, "I'll take care of it." He then gave me the bottle for free!  Oh yes! I'll be back!
1	Waited in line for twenty minuets while the lady's behind the counter talked and giggled. I was the only in line and I wasn't even given the courtesy of eye contact. I took my money and left and won't be back.
