3	stopped here late one morning for some food because we didn't feel like getting earl of sandwich or panda in the planet hollywood area, and we were kinda feeling pizza.  i have to say, they say it is the best pizza and all that jazz (but what place doesn't), but i was kinda let down.  all the pizza is thin crust, which i am not a huge fan of, but the crust being that thin was still soggy under the ingredients which was a turn off.  the toppings were pretty good, and there were a good amount of them, but lets face it, nobody like soggy pizza.  the staff was cool though, and the owner came out and checked up on us and had a small conversation with us which was a nice touchoverall, it was decent, but i don't see myself coming back here anytime soon.  round table or numero uno is a much better choice in my opinion (not sure of those are in the vegas area though)
2	Hungry as a horse my buddy and I despite wanting to eat at the first place we saw in the mall opted for pizza here after visiting three other places for lunch today. It was a little after 2pm and after reading a sign that read something along the lines of being the best rated pizza spot we took their advertised word for it.Ehhhhh... My total bill came out to $11.84 and that was a lunch special. WTH??? It wasn't any sort of gourmet pizza --- typical mall type pizza at beat. What did I get? I got an okay sized slice of a supreme pizza, a mediocre salad and a small sized drink. My guess is that things cost more in Vegas but damn. I had a few beers while rolling dice earlier so eating this filled me up but honestly I would have rather paid $25 for lunch elsewhere.The staff was friendly and the restaurant was really clean. Being as hungry as we were most things would taste great but as for my experience here, ehhh, I've had better.
1	Over-priced weak mall pizza
2	If anyone says this is the best pizza they have had they are lying.  The pizza is a touch below average, and the prices are outrageous.  If you are charging almost five dollars for a slice of cheese pizza it should be very large and delicious, and it is neither.  I cannot imagine a full grown man or woman being full on one piece, and paying over ten bucks for two slices, not including a drink, is just crazy.  Please go somewhere else and avoid the mistake I made by eating here.
5	D'Amore's Famous Pizza,..I gave it 5 stars cause hell its open 24/7! and that means alot to 8 drunk guys stumbling back to the room after 4am every night!! Maybe it was the alcohol..? Maybe it was our stomachs growling and needing more then just crown & cokes..? All I'm saying is 8 of us ordered our pizza's, all of them different toppings and the service was fast and friendly even though we weren't! Once we sat down and begin to eat I realized that this pizza was so damn good NOBODY SPOKE A WORD! JUST STUFFED THEIR MOUTHS!...heck a few of us went back for seconds and thirds, so from that night on there where no less then 4 pizza boxes in our room EVERY NIGHT!!...SO THANK YOU D'AMOURE'S FAMOUS PIZZA FOR BEING OPEN, HOT, FRESH, AND MOST IMPORTANTLY QUICK IN SERVICE...I SALUTE YOU!!
3	3 1/2 Star rating would be more accurate.While attending a show at Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino we decided to grab something to eat while we were there. We were in the mood for pizza and there D'Amore's was and smelling very good as well!We both got a slice and a soda (free refills).Thin slice of pepperoni and cheese $4.99Thin slice of Supreme $4.99They have both thick and thin crust pizza, the thin looked really good so I opted to try it. I enjoyed the greasy goodness and flavorful cheese and pepperoni. The crust was really good, thin and buttery. Mmmm I really enjoyed it.They are a bit pricey, no surprise as they are located in a strip Hotel and Casino.They have pre-made pizzas laying out to select from and they let it run through the oven to heat as you order it.We got a slice each however don't think we would order a whole pizza with the price for a full pie. Whole Pizza $27.95,18' Sicilian $29.95, Specialty pizza $34.95They have other items such as stromboli's, pasta, Salads, wings, fries, mozzarella sticks, cookies, and biscotti. Service with a smile and great thin thin thin crust pizza for something different!
3	Late night eats on the Miracle Mile.
4	Pizza is hella good, but I sense a little attitude on 1 of the workers. That's not good!! I had 2 slices, thats how good the pizza was
3	2.5 stars The staff was nice, and the pizza was hot when we got it but it wasn't amazingly good. I've definitely had better pizza and at around $4-5 per slice, I would prefer to go to Secret Pizza. D'Amore's thin slice pizza was ehhh, I split a pepperoni, ham and sausage slice and a supreme slice with my friend and even though we were still hungry, we did not want to get anything else from D'amore's. D'Amore's pizza didn't blow my mind away, so I will probably not be coming back.
1	a sign advertising low calories and/or carbohydrates?...pizza display behind glass...pick a slice for oven reheating...paying roughly $five per slice...reheated and ready...quite thin the crust and breading...thin layer of cheese hardened on...tasting bland...sparse sprinkling of toppings for a large slice of pie...make a pizza thin as possible with little topping as possible, but explain it's low calories and low carbs...umm..no..
4	Mama Pop taste in the middle of a shopping mall.  Doesn't get any better than this!!  With tons of eats in Miracle Mile and even inside Planet Hollywood, I'm amazed on how often my food choice out here comes down to D' Amore's Famous Pizza.  Let's get somethings straight, I don't eat pizza often.  And when I do, I am often disappointed. D' Amore's has been there for me, especially past midnight when almost everything in here is closed.  Staff is amazing.  Not one Associate ever forgets to greet you.  You can tell that at this establishment customer service is their priority.  Now for their pizza.  Some people have their preferences like Chicago deep dish or NY style thin crust.  I am a deep dish fan myself, but find D'Amore's thin crust a great change of pace. Pizza Hut, Papa Johns, Domino's, and the rest of the commercialized joints don't even compare.  The pizza is greasy like it should be, but you can still taste all the ingredients. Never too saucy, which is my preference. After a few bites, you'll forget that you're even in a mall.  You'll feel like you're in that Mama Pop hole in the wall type pizzeria.  That's how it should be.Whether it's a long day shopping the mall, partying with friends at the bar or losing a grip at Planet Hollywood, I at least know that I have one consistent...a stop at D' Amore's before I head home.
3	Pizza was just OK. 2 slices of pizza for 10 dollars is expensive, but I guess that how it is in Vegas. If prices were lower, I'm sure this place would get busy.
1	Rip off.  That is all.
1	Disgusting Over priced pizza !! Smells gross, this place stinks up the whole hallway
5	love it! thin crust and lots of veggie toppingsthe garlic round bread is fluffy tooperfect treat oh and the old style coke bottles was a definite plus
1	Over priced Lame pizzaNo flavor
1	Over priced Lame pizzaNot worth the effort
4	It's no NYC corner pizza place, but it's good.I ordered a cheese pizza and a salad with a drink. The pizza was super crispy, I like mine a little more fold-able, it was really not like NY in that respect, but still had a good flavor. The salad was fresh, but they're pretty stingy with their vegetables. The selection of toppings was great and fresh and lots of dressing choices. The staff is friendly and service is quick, very efficient and the prices are reasonable. I liked it and I'd go back, it's one of the better places to eat in this mall.
5	I gave them five stars because when it comes to pizza this place puts in the work.  I mean they use high quality ingredients, like bottled Italian water, and italian flour which give their pizza dough a unique flavor and consistency which sets them far from their competition, also I am a health nut, and a slice of their cheese pizza has under 200 calories per slice but still tastes great.   when it comes to food, you usually have to pay a little more for quality,  and well  when you taste it you will agree
4	great late night eatery! or after shopping snackpizza's pretty good like the owners going from table to table greeting the customers, showing family pics and food awardsof course its $5 a slice , can you imagine the rent ? I'll be back for sure!
1	They don't have vegan pizzas made, you have to order it special-- your only choice is a 20 inch pizza that feeds 3-4 people for $32+. When we went they were out of vegan cheese and the lady looked utterly confused when I even asked. Disappointed.
3	Had the pepper, cheese, and spinach pizza.It was really tasty and I want to give it a higher rating but it was so bland.The thin crust is great though!
4	Crust is really crunchy, almost like eating thin crust pizza, except the crust wasn't that thin. Still, it was good. Also tried the buffalo wings which were also good, but nothing unique or amazing about them. I love that they keep bottles of olive oil and balsamic vinegar along with the usual parmesan and crushed chili flakes at the table.
2	Pizza was mediocre, With an expensive price tag. Pizza and side if wings for 50 bucks is expensive. I paid expecting great pizza, but that was not the case.
5	Here in Vegas on 10/20  I am a pizza snob and this pizza is one of the best I have ever had "out" in a long time.  I make my own and this pizza is excellent.  Right down to the crust...they use good flour.  If you want cheap order dominos cause this place is about quality!  Its funny on the quantity......my huge husband and I saved the other half of the pizza we could not eat....for lunch the next day!  So for the money and we were also lucky we had a fridge in the room, this was a deal.   The pizza was huge.  If you want a small pizza order three slices...duhhhhhh   Staff was very friendly and helpful.Loved it!
1	This pizza was so nasty. I paid 50 bucks for a whole pizza and salad. I was so disappointed with this cardboard they call pizza. I don't see how these other yelpers gave it a good review.  We ordered half pepperoni and other half spinach with ricotta   cheese  and tomatoes. Pepperoni was sour spicy and smelled bad. I like thin crust but this crust was cardboard. You will have a better experience if u just order dominos pizza. Make sure you give a tip or u will be ignored by the staff.
1	Very bad restaurant,  impolite employees,  it was a really bad and disgusting experience
1	The pizza by the slice was terrible, and way too expensive.The topping was good (had a spinach with ricotta) but the crust was lacking. I've had many other thin crust pizzas and the crust is what makes or breaks a pizza.. And this broke it. I felt like I was literally eating cardboard..Maybe there's not enough flavor, the consistency was too crunchy and not like a typical "thin" pizza crust. I and my group of friends all agreed that it was the worst pizza we've ever had. My friend had pepperoni and he said the sauce tasted like they just dumped pasta sauce on top.Now, I understand that it's on the strip so the slice will be pricey but I think 5-6 dollars for one slice of a quality lacking pizza is a bit much.These people need to learn from pizza places who get pizza by the slice right. Ian's pizza in Madison, Wisconsin. $2.50 for any specialty slice, and the flavor is right on with the topping and the crust.Unfortunately, what sucks is places on the strip can take advantage of tourists because they try it, it's terrible, no big deal because they won't go back. So a restaurant like this figures.. No need to improve on anything. Locals would love to keep coming back if you improved your recipes..Just saying..
2	Typical mall pizza with rude employees.Just skip it.
2	Typical mall pizza the pizza was lacking flavor boring. Garlic knots rock hard very disappointing.
5	I had a gluten free vegan veggie pizza that was truly awesome!  Met the owner as well, real friendly dude who takes his business seriously!
2	Got the vegetarian pizza. The slice was the perfect size, and cost about 5.50$. The pizza didn't really have much taste to it though. Couldn't really taste any of the vegetables that were on it. Won't be returning.
5	This place is amazing. The crust is thin and crisp like a cracker. The flour used is from Naples,the water used to make the dough is flown in from Boston. That to me says quality and care. The sauce used has no added sugars or salt. The tomatoes actaully come from Modesto Cal. This place is AMAZING. The fact that they use high quality ingrediants is important. It is very much worth trying.
1	The worst pizza I have had in a long time.  Service sucked even more than the pizza.  Please please look somewhere else.  For what we payed for 4 slices we could have had a entire pizza.
5	My boyfriend and I went in tonight to grab some dinner. I had read online that they had gluten free pizza so I was in.  It is nearly impossible to find gluten free pizza that isn't bland or tastes like cardboard. This pizza was delicious!!  Not only were they very nice about the gluten free option, it was the best gluten free pizza I have had. The staff was super friendly and really made you feel like one of them. There was a guy from Boston who was a super cool dude and made sure everything was good. I am so sad we don't have this place near us back at home - will be back anytime we're in vegas!!!
4	Well i have yet to try the ones here in LA so i tried it here as i was walking around the mall at Planet Hollywood i just got a pepperoni thin slice which was good. But I'm kinda basis cause i love pizza so i don't get too nit picky only if the taste is really bad i think i've only had a bad pizza once a long time ago from some place that no longer is around lol. Good pizza though.
3	Nothing special about the pizza, just grabbed a slice for a quick bite.
3	Solid pizza joint in the Miracle Mile shops (near Planet Hollywood and Hilton Elara).  I've eaten there 3 separate times when in Vegas.Friendly employees.The pizza is a thin pizza, not a thick pan pizza.  The strombolis are great.  You can get free refills on your soda but you have to ask because it's behind the counter.The prices are steep, but that's to be expected for the location.  $37 for a large pizza to go.
3	The food was fresh and I really liked the pizza sauce. They could hire and train better employees.
5	Best Pizza in Vegas by far! Pizza Blanco!   Delish we sampled 3 pizzas from DAmore's and by far the best! Thank You!
5	Pricey but clearly worth the cost.  Best pizza I've ever eatten. So good you won't care the cost.  Family owned & the owner is often on premises.  Explains how they started and how they import their ingredients.  THIS IS SOME GOOD PIZZA, YOU BETTER COME GET YOU SOME OF THIS PIZZA!!!!   the pasta dishes are just as good
5	Finally found a "GLUTEN FREE" pizza that tastes "Fantastic." The owner and his staff were very welcoming and personable.  They really know their stuff when it comes to gluten free.  My husband and I visit Las Vegas quite often and have not been able to find a pizza restaurant that serves gluten free pizza that tastes this good!!!!  We will definitely be repeat customers!!!!
5	Good Pizza in a hotel full of awful food. (exceptions to Strip house and burGR) Owner (Joe) great guy and comped me a slice just for being polite. And theyre open late night!
