1	We were thoroughly appalled by our dealings with First Sonoran Property Management. Fortunately we were smart enough to very carefully read through the lease before signing it and came across a lot of the extra fees and deposits and other loopholes that appeared very much stacked against the tenant. Also some details to which we had verbally agreed were not in the lease as we had previously agreed. When we listed out our concerns in a polite and detailed email to the staff at FSPM, their email response was not just unprofessional but very rude. Even if we could have worked out the few concerns we had with their lease, these are not people with whom I would like to deal for the year or years of a lease term. I read other reviews of FSPM on yelp and ripoff report.  Every single reviewer reported similarly dreadful experiences with this company. Tracey (the designated broker) rebuts every bad review with the same line "everybody is looking for someone to blame." My opinion is that one bad review is an occurrence. Two bad reviews is a coincidence. Three bad reviews is a pattern. We are not people who are looking for someone to blame for a deal gone wrong. We are people who choose to do business with fair minded and integrous people. In the short time we tried to deal with First Sonoran Property Management, they absolutely did not operate with a shred of integrity. I would strongly advise against renting from them.
1	If there were 0 stars available, I would give it. Hands down the WORST rental company I have dealt with in 10 years. Moved in and within 3 days noticed a dank, wet smell coming from upstairs carpet. I assumed the washing machine was leaking because it was right by. There was also a serious concern for mold because my partner and I both had serious respiratory distress almost immediately upon living at the property. Carpets were very clearly not replaced or even cleaned before our arrival. Wrote a very polite email to FSPM alerting them to the possibility of a leak where I was then accused of causing the leak myself. For 3 months we went back and forth---me trying to defend myself and my home and they accusing me of "dumping buckets of water on the floor" (WHAT?!) and refusing to do a mold inspection when asked and refusing to provide a history of mold inspections completed to the property. We finally pulled up the carpet and saw years of stains and who knows what that smelled something incredible. Kathy in the office only had to say this about mold, "There is no mold at all in the apartment." Sorry Kathy, can you show me a report? Are YOU a professional mold inspector? They then had me pay $400 to cover the costs of "investigating the leak that I made up" (There was no investigating done, only 4 visits by the same contracting company who is paid by FSPM and refused to admit to any issues I brought up on paper because they said they didn't want to lose FSPM's business)  and when I refused to pay, FSPM threatened to evict me. Companies like FSPM make their money by preying on people who rent housing. They know that they will always win even when they make extraordinary claims against their tenants because legal fees for tenants are so high and it doesn't make sense to pay $300/hr for a lawyer to dispute a $1000 fee.The entire office of Kathy, Tracey, and Jide is the most unprofessional and rude group of people I have ever had the unfortunate opportunity to come across in my life. I'll never see the $400 I paid to them or the ludicrous charges made to our deposit disposition again, but that's a small price to pay to know I will never have to interact with their office and con-artist employees again.
1	I would strongly recommend NOT doing business with First Sonoran either as an owner or a renter. We were in the unique position of owning a home in WA State but temporarily renting a home in AZ for work. We made the mistake of renting from First Sonoran. I could go on and on with so many examples echoing previous comments but in an effort to save time I will just say this. Tracy, Kathy and Jide are the most unprofessional and rude people I have ever dealt with. They have zero customer service skills; all three of them would be better suited working for the DMV. They are also lazy, they refused to do a walk through with us when we moved in and moved out. Isn't this part of their job? This is just one of many examples!Owning a home is an investment and I would NEVER want anyone renting my home in WA to be treated the way we were treated while living in AZ. They were unresponsive, difficult to communicate with and downright rude. I have no doubt that they will eventually go out of business but I hope sooner than later so no one else has to endure what we did while renting one of their properties for a year and a half.
