4	Agree with Andy's assessment.  I haven't stayed at the Orleans in a while, but it's a good place to gamble because it's not scummy, and they have a good supply of $5 blackjack (with no 6 to 5 blackjack payoff scam) and $5 craps tables when the other places on the strip raise the stakes.  Drink service is good.  They also have a nice movie theater, bowling alley, liquor store, ice cream parlor and more.
4	If you like to play low-limit Texas Hold 'Em then this is good place to do it. They have tons of tournaments and lots of tables. The only problem with this place is that the other players are OLD. Oh well, you came here to play poker.
4	Great Hotel for being off strip. Actually it is only a $15 dollar cab ride from it. The hotel has everything. Clean pool, cheap tables (nothing beats a $5 table on a Sat. night) and decent atmosphere. The rooms were clean and well maintained. Watch out for the oyster shooters at Big AL's Oyster Bar! Each shot of their Russian Roulette platter is loaded with a bullet!!! The buffet is nice and open at all hours for refueling. All in all THE place to stay if you don't want to stay on the strip.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the Orleans.  Stayed here for a bachelor party and the rooms were nice, the gaming was great, food was good, waitresses were hot in their bunny suits (for the most part, always exceptions) and the suite we partied in was very nice.  The craps tables were hot, every croupier was very cool and never hassled my about setting the die even though I turned my $20 bucks into $500.   Yes, it was of the strip, yes, it was a bit out of the way, but it was a great hotel with friendly service and less expensive than the hotels on the strip.   There is a brand new strip club right across the street that made for very convenient bachelor party goings-on as well.  Always nice to stumble back to your room from the club without loading 20 guys into cabs.  Gotta try the Oyster bar where the oysters are served 5 at a time in double shots of vodka.  Yikes!  I would go back.
4	If you drive to Vegas and don't need to stay right on the Strip,this is an outstanding value for the money. Rooms are nicely designed,quiet and spotlessly clean. Service is great,everyone is treated likean honored guest. I would say the service here is many times betterthan the Strip hotels where you're paying 2 or 3 times more. On ourlast visit we paid $100 for the room,dinner and drinks for two,twotickets to the Donny Osmond show,and free drinks at all the barsand pubs on the property. Our kids had dinner with us and thosemeals were comped even though we did not gamble at all whilewe there (we did come back later after we'd checked out though).If you're travelling with kids and you're on a budget stay here. Thedaycare facility is great and there's a multiplex theater and bowlingalley as well. The pool is huge and nicely landscaped,nothing fancybut for the price it's great. Unless you really need to stay in the heartof the Strip,or you want luxurious accomodations,stay here! The Strip is only 5 minutes away by car,just across the freeway.
3	I stayed here for new years. Here's the problem. It's too far from the strip. Yes, there is a free shuttle and it's great, but who wants to take a shuttle when you can just stay on the strip. What Orleans does well is stand alone. The place is the only casino within a reasonable distance and has all the amenities that you need. Also, this place is the home of the Las Vegas Wranglers (ECHL) hockey team. Like I said, amazing.
5	nice hotel and best bang for the buck
5	great pool, great rates, great food. great great great!
1	Horrible place!!!!  Lost $100 in the machines in 5 minutes.  Also, the rooms are Motel 6'ish.  Stay way!!!
4	I've stayed here twice in the past 2 weeks.  The first time, just me and hubby.  The second time we brought the kids.It's great for the adults because the gambling is right down stairs.  But, best of all, it's kid friendly!  That's hard to find on th e strip.  There's a movie theater, a bowling alley, an arcade, and a day care!The day care looked like a lot of fun for the kids.  We didn't use it, but the kids that were there looked like they were having a great time.  Just make sure to bring proof of your kids' immunizations if you plan on leaving them there.Vegas, in general, isn't kid friendly.  I don't plan on taking the kids back there.  But, the Orleans made it bearable for the kids while we were there for a wedding.
4	Probably one of the best deals in Vegas since it's less than $100 to stay per night and the odds are better play-wise than other casinos. Rooms are decent sized and I was surprised to see the same TV in my room that was the same at the Venetian. You get a fun book for discounts and one free fitness club stay. Which is good because the fitness room definitely isn't worth ten bucks per stay. About 10 machines and 11 cardio. Big deal. Restaurants look great. Ate twice at the Courtyard Cafe and the Gumbo there is excellent. About as good as you'll get in New Orleans. Was hoping to see some Jambalaya too but closest thing they had to that was the Jambalaya Omelette although I think they had Jambalaya Pasta at Big Al's Oyster Bar. Definitely worth going to especially if you're driving into Vegas since it is a mile off the strip and you will need to drive.
4	This review is for the bar smack in the middle of the casino. Stopped here for a few drinks on the way to PnH. The barkeep can pour some mean drinks. In a good way. As if the group wasn't trashed enough, this made the fun last that much longer!
3	I hate Las Vegas. This is vintage hateful Las Vegas. A warehouse for smoking cigarettes, downing squishy Mai Tai's, and moving money around in circles. I have about seven thousand plastic beads from this place, and I get burnt out just thinking about them. You could stay here forever because they have ridiculously low limit tables and the cocktail waitresses are super hyperactive.
3	Going to Vegas and want to save your money for the fun and not splurge on the hotel room?  The Orleans is your place.  Off-Strip so the rooms are cheap, the drinks are plentiful in the casino, and the crowd is... well, a bit like the casino in Swingers.The free shuttle to the Barbary Coast on the Strip is handy so you don't need to rent a car if you're flying in as well.  Decent Cajun-ish restaurant, too.
5	5 stars is what this place earned by letting me win almost $300 on slot machines.  What more can you ask for???  I played the $1 roulette tables here on another Vegas trip and it was pretty fun.  On that same outting, my friend won about $200+ at the craps table.  It was the first time for her to play craps and she got so into it, I swear she wouldn't remember my name if I called her as she rolled the dice!Worth a visit so that your gambling allowance will last a little longer.
3	I used to work right by the Orleans and therefore would end up here at least once a week for lunch.  It's not a bad place, as far as off-Strip properties go.  The vast expanses of nothingness that it always seems to have during the never ending construction times was always weird.The restaurants that I tried (coffee shop, Mexican restaurant) were always completely mediocre.  Nothing great about them at all except that they were cheap and - well - you get what you pay for.I stayed in a room once and it was OK.  Just your typical hotel room - although the bed was nice and big.I've seen a ton of movies in the theatres upstairs and they used to have the only DLP screens in town.  Now that you can find them other places, the theatres no longer have the hold they once did over me.The Orleans is a good place to go if you live close by and want to catch a flick or put your mother-in-law up for a few nights while she's in town.  It's not the first off-Strip property I'd recommend to an out-of-towner.
4	I've stayed at just about every hotel here in Sin City and The Orleans has made it to my Top 5. Ok it's not swanky like your Bellagios, Mandalay Bays, and Wynns, but it's a spacious spot that can work well for you, your family, and your parties. And if you want to avoid the stuffiness and traffic of the Strip, this is a good alternative. The Orleans boasts an impressive gaming area, especially with their 30+ tables poker room. Plenty of places to eat and drink, and I find their pool area very, very nice and relaxing. Overall, the rates are terrific and it's only 5 minutes from the Strip via taxi.
4	I stayed here for 4 nights. Check-in was incredibly SLOW. However, the room was very clean and spacious, even with 2 queens and a couch. The security guys at the elevators were really nice. There's a wide selection of restaurants here. The $12 steak dinner I had at their Courtyard Cafe was surprisingly good. I got a free game of bowling from their coupon book, and their alley was pretty impressive. It was probably the most spacious, cleanest, and nicest bowling alley I've ever been to. I imagine you can kill plenty of time here if you don't mind staying in one place. Being off the strip, near Palms and Rio, it might not be the best place to stay if you want to go to the strip a lot. If you're driving though, this is a pretty cool place.
5	This is a review of the bowling alley only!  I planned a bowling birthday party for my boyfriend at the Orleans Bowling Center.  For a group of 25 - 30 people, it was $400 for pizza, soda and 8 lanes of bowling fun for 2 1/2 hours.   I planned it mostly online and by fax.  The party coordinator Fawn was really friendly and a big help during the event.  The only drawback was that the bar waitress rarely came by and needed cash only for drinks (not on a tab).  A bowling party is pretty corny, but everyone had a lot of fun and people brought their kids (they had bumper bowling).  And the pizzas were pretty good!
4	This place is cool.  I arrived in Vegas 2 hours late at 145am ... and at 4am drove here for some gambling.   It's the closest place from my parents house.   I walked around and there is a movie theatre (darnit wasn't showing movies at 4am), bowling alley (people we're bowling at 4am ... hahaha),  and lots of restaurants. Parking was plentiful and they had low limit paigow tables.  Nice ... for some reason I didn't play the lowest limit .. did ok for the 1st hour came out with a loss the last hour.   630 am and the sun already up.  I left .. but knowing I'd come back for those low limit tables.  Now I just need to get a card so I can get some comps.   w00t
4	I guess there's nothing really bad about the Orleans and one of the best things is the bowling alley.  Plus after midnight they have $1 domestics up there - a sweet deal!  It's pretty no-frills overall though.  Rooms are basic and the pool is pretty big.  A good spot if you wanna get away from the Strip or if you are here for the Olympia!
3	I recently stayed at The Orleans Hotel for 3 nights, because it was the cheapest hotel I could find that was still pretty close to the strip and had decent reviews.  I actually got a great internet deal on the hotel plus airfare.I have mixed feelings about The Orleans Hotel.  For the price, I would give the hotel itself 4-5 stars.  The rooms were big and comfortable, the spa was pretty nice, and the pool area has two pools and a very relaxing hot tub.  They also have a cheap bowling alley that is open all night.However, the casino area is kind of sad.  The crowd is a little older and the restaurant options are not that great.  Also, if you are planning on spending most of your time on the strip, and you don't have a car, The Orleans might not be the best option.  There is a free shuttle that goes to the strip, but it ends at 12:30 a.m every night.  After that, you have to take a $10-15 cab ride back to the hotel.  I also felt like there was a lot of time wasted being shuttled back and forth between the hotel and the strip.  Shuttles seem to run every 20-30 minutes, but you might not get on the first shuttle if there are too many people in line in front of you.  Then, you have to wait for the next one...Although I thought the hotel itself was nice and the price was great, next time I go to Vegas, I'll probably stay on the strip, at a much more convenient location.Oh, and one more negative thing, you have to pay $11.99 per day to use the internet in your room!  I was a little surprised by this...
3	From my overall impression, I wouldn't stay here unless I was really looking or an economy room in a hotel/casino, but it's a decent "locals" casino that's situated slightly away from the South strip.The biggest pluses to the Orleans are:The multiplex. Yep, sometimes catching a movie during the day can help that Vegas recuperation.Casino and Bar: I was quite  impressed by some of the cocktail waitresses in their french cut leotards. Laid back vibe: "Locals" places in Vegas tend to be less full of rowdy tourists and more low key. I found this to be the case with the Orleans as well.Downsides: I didn't really find any outstanding places to eat here. I didn't exhaustively search the whole place and settled on fast food. TGI Friday's caliber, mostly.Definitely shows its age a little -- not as "glitzy" as some of the other places.
2	old-style vegas...the orleans considered on the strip, but slightly off the strip....mardi gras charm 'n' theme.....basics of all casino play....game play from $five tables 'n' up.....low-end gamblin' for gamblers wantin' less risk.....still friendly 'n' servicing decent.....food acceptable given pricing far lower....frequenting vegas and the orleans being the target during numerous business travel....from penthouse suites to standard lower level rooms....opportunity to experience all ranges....lower level rooms...even non-smoking rooms smelling musty and of smoke......noise squeaky beds..feel of plastic pad on top....relatively clean and acceptable for a short stay......penthouse suites large and grand...but old and aged....fully stocked bar and fullsize dining table 'n' living room.....seperate sleeping quarters and aged, but large beds.....old-fashion round tube tv in every corner...even for bathtub....the orleans a part of vegas history...time stands still with little or no renovations or improvements....
4	orleans gives me memories of all the times in college when we would come here for the cheaper table games and the cheap breakfasts.well, an early arrival in vegas brought me to the orleans this time.  i found an online deal that beat the orleans website, and i stayed here for $30!  i got here after a ridiculous flight with an uncontrollable 4 year old and psyched 50 year-olds who kept saying "awesome" and checked in.  guess what, i got upgraded to a top floor suite.  apparently the rack rate in this room is $700.  wow, the floor of the hallway was not ugly mesmerizing las vegas hotel stuff, and there were these little gilded gold gates.i pretty much stayed in because i was working most of the time, but the casino floor definitely has a higher proportion of old ladies and little kids.there's a $5 resort fee for the fitness center, telephone calls and business center.  i made good use of it and went to the steam room.  free little water bottles and jacuzzi too.  then i needed to get the strip, but i wasn't in a rush.  they have a shuttle that takes you to las vegas and flamingo, but nothing that goes right down on tropicana to the excalibur/ny ny/mgm intersection.  i took the bus by some nudie bar for $1, and got to the strip in less than 10 minutes!for $30, exquisite experience indeed!!!  the rooms are not nearly as nice as the strip hotels, but if you're looking to pay under $100 a night, this place is it.
4	I like the Orleans a lot.  I can't speak for the rooms, since I've never actually stayed here before.  We found out about this place because my boyfriend's parents live here, and they're pretty much almost local.  What I liked about the Orleans is that if you're in the mood to be just casual, you can come here to play, drink, and eat.  Unlike being on the strip where if you're not dressed to impressed, you can't get into almost anywhere.  The Orleans is also cheaper in terms of games, etc, yet it is still a nice hotel/casino and very clean.  The Orleans is also one of the few hotels/casinos that has a movie theater AND a bowling alley.  The movie theater isn't too expensive  The bowling alley has a lot of lanes (around 60-70), and is always pretty clean, and is pretty cheap to play at.Overall, if you're looking for a no-fuss, casual night, this is a place you can go to if you want to get away from the pretentious side of Vegas for a night.
2	So, you stay here and you're off the strip... the good thing is that they have a shuttle that will take you to the strip between the hours of 9:30am and midnight.  I didn't take it since we never actually made it to the strip.  It's a nice hotel overall.  The decor is nice, everything looks relatively new and clean.  The rooms are good, especially if you're in the suites.  Those are really nice.  HOWEVER, I have to say that the beds are terribly uncomfortable.  They're hard and so are the pillows.  I had shoulder and neck problems from them.  Also, check your pillows for possible bed bugs, as I met a woman in line for breakfast with bites all over her face from an unknown source - the last time I saw something like that it was bedbugs at a hostel.The cafe downstairs is nothing major.  Decent food at any hour.  Nothing special to speak of.  During the 12:30am hour service was slow and kind of unfriendly.  During the 10am hour it was speedy and friendly.  We did the buffet on the last day there... $15 per person but terrible food.  The only fresh fruit on the salad bar was watermelon- all the rest was canned in sweet juice.  Blech!  The desserts looked better than they tasted, though the chocolate chip cookie was good.  The majority of the food wasn't anything better than what was served in the cafe restaurant, it was the same actually.  Same mediocre quality.  The cheese crepes were terrible and made with cottage cheese rather than ricotta like they're supposed to, and who puts strawberry jam in a fruit crepe?  Not good quality.The staff was always friendly throughout the rest of our interactions.  It's a decent place if you're not looking for a great party experience in Vegas.  Also, it seemed this was best suited for the over 35 crowd (sorry, but I'm young and like a different experience!).
4	The Orleans is a great hotel by itself, now add the value and its amazing! I mean $100 for 3 nights? sign me up... Yes it is kinda far from the Strip but no biggie if you have a car, the drive is quick and easy. The rooms are larger then standard and very comfy, great room service as well, yummy food.Cheap and good food options like the Prime Rib Loft, for example.
2	We stayed here for my cousin's engagement party and honestly, unless I had no money whatsoever or I had to stay here for family obligations I can't say I would stay here again.When you go to Vegas you want to be a part of the whole fictitious scene complete with false notions of wealth and taste. This place lacks all that. The pool feels like any other hotel pool with a bar outside...ACTUALLY it feels like an apartment building pool with little kids, parents, and grandparents. As for the rooms, they don't stand out at all have NO view to speak of and the beds were not very comfortable at all.The cafe downstairs has terrible food. There was a problem with every single person's dish for breakfast and the eggs literally felt and tasted liquidy. GROSS. Your other dining choices in the hotel are TGI Fridays and Subway -- are we in Vegas or Scranton?! If you're on a budget and plan to spend NO time at the hotel stay here otherwise just wait till you can find a goo deal on the actual strip.
3	Dont beleive the hype about this casino being on the strip, its miles away..but there is a free shuttle running every 1/2 hour so thats okay, and saves you the horror of driving on the strip with every yokel from Topeka and trying to get parking...the casino itself is large and has all the amenities you'd expect, but its rather old fashioned and cant compare to the real strip casinos....their free fun book on checkin is essentially worthless, free beads at the gift shop which they give you without the coupon anyway...2 for 1 buffet would have been nice but was nowehre to be seen...gambling? well, that's colored by my losing at slots, but from my experience these slots are not loose, but extremely tight like unto a virgin running from a seducing invader...rooms are good sized and otherwise average....they do rip you off for a mandatory extra 5$ "resort fee" which includes the weak coffee from the inroom coffee maker...anyway, next time, though this place was okay, we're going elsewhere (hmm how about us staying home and not spending the kid's college fund/)
3	I was prepared for a roughing it type experience but was thrilled to be able to leave my travel sleep sack (you know, the I Ain't Sleeping Next to Those Sheets For Nothin' and Nobody body bag designed for hostels, trains, and the like?) in my suitcase.  When we checked in we got coupon books with coupons for drinks in it... those lasted about a half hour but I appreciated them nonetheless.  Yeah, the geriatric set was in full effect but there were also fewer children than normal around (I look for few to no kids when looking for a hotel in Vegas) and there are lots of options for food.  Also several good bars to watch football in.  You're off the strip but nothing that a quick cab ride or free shuttle trip won't fix.  The tables weren't as cheap as I'd like but the cocktail waitresses were fast and one out of two ain't bad.Really pretty good for the low price.  Plus it's near the Palms and the Rio.
3	My bf and I weren't sure where the shuttle picked up from the strip so we walked here- it didn't seem that far, but it is. We saw George Carlin perform here last weekend and it was awesome. The show tickets came with a free drink anywhere in the casino after the show. I gambled a little after and found a $10 single deck black jack table. One of the dealer was so annoying! I normally wouldn't care, but I wanted to pay attention to my cards and he wouldn't leave me alone! I know casinos tell their dealers to talk to the players to distract them so they lose, but god damn!!- I seriously wanted to punch the guy! We took the shuttle back to the strip- kudos for free shuttles.
4	I haven't stayed here but I did have the chance to visit this past weekend, while celebrating a few friends' birthdays in sin city.  Walter and I stopped by to check out the place.  We'd heard it had a 70 lane bowling alley. And for sure, they did.  The bowling alley was pretty full for 2am.  I wasn't sure that I was up to bowling but I couldn't pass up the opportunity to hit the lanes for just $3 a game. The lanes are well taken care of, nicely cleaned and waxed but not too slippery.  If anything, the approach lane could have been waxed a bit more. It almost seemed like you couldn't get a good slide on these lanes because the heel of your shoes were too "grippy".   On the weekdays, there are $1 per game specials. I thought that was awesome. Another thing that I liked about the hotel was the ample parking, well lit parking lot, friendly casino floor staff, great custodians throughout the hotel and the TGIFridays that is open real late. I had a nice time here, not to mention I won a few bucks playing video poker.
4	I like it here because I won $50 from penny slots!  Yay me!  We only ventured into this casino because it's across the street from our timeshare.. .I wouldn't call this a destination casino, it's a place for locals and folks who come in to watch some show there...  However, I wouldn't make a special trip out here if I were staying on the Strip.
3	If you're looking for a nice, clean and cheap casino/ hotel for your LV stay i recommend this off strip joint. The Orleans is a little dated and is in no way as exciting as the big name casinos but it makes up for it. The rooms are cheap, clean and decent sized. It's just a shot cab ride from the strip. I don't suggest walking.  Although it is off the strip it isn't completely alot. You'll be near the other off strip casinos like the Rio, The Palms and it's sister casino the Gold Coast. Even with cabs rides you still come out saving when you stay here. Who cares if you're not staying at the creme De la creme, it'd good enough and when you're in Vegas you shouldn't be in your room anyway. The gaming is ok here but I would skip out on the night life and dining aspect of the Orleans its lacking.
3	Okay, this Hotel seems a bit lame and definitely has an okey aspect to it.......But I was here for the 2008 Viva Las Vegas Pool Party and it was off the hook!The pool was actually okay (I didn't get in the water though), the service was good and the attendants made sure I had a lounge chair.  I was stoked about that!  Would I visit this pool otherwise...no.  But they sure did a pretty good job hosting the Rockabillies and I got to strut around in my vintage bathing suit!!!
5	when i first planned our latest LV trip, last August, I was looking for a hotel that was off the strip, but wasn't too far off, so if i wanted to visit places on the strip, i could.the first hotel that came up on a search was The Orleans.  I read some reviews and saw pictures and thought "why not?".  my first impression when we got there was that it looked like a big carnival cruise boat.  i've never been to NOLA, but i've seen pictures and i swear, the hotel looks like it was airlifted from NOLA into LV.i love this hotel for the amenities.  there are movie theatres upstairs, a couple of buffets and restaurants (tgi fridays, 365 steakhouse, etc.), there's a play structure that heavily guarded by employees if you want to leave your kid there (they do charge, though), iirc, there's a bowling alley too...and to top it all off, the casino is HUGE!there's a shuttle that leaves every 10 minutes and takes you to and from across the street from the bellagio hotel.the staff is cool and actually credited us with one nights stay since we got there really late the 1st day and they gave our room away.  i'll definitely stay here again next time i'm in LV.
5	i really think this hotel deserves a lot higher rating than it has. maybe all those yelpers lost some money at the tables and are holding a grudge. i lost some money here too, but i can't help myself still loving this place so much. the rooms are clean and spacious, and most importantly cheap!!! especially on those busy summer weekends when you want to do an impromptu trip to vegas, this is the place to stay. they have a movie theatre, bowling alley, and all my favorite table games. the table minimum bet is lower than the strip too. also, you don't have to deal with all the traffic with the strip. all the coast casinos have a bus that drives for free to the strip so that you dont have to deal with that hassle. also don't forget to get the player's card, you lose enough money and they'll definitely bring you back for free!edit***the only drawback is the pool isn't as cool as some of the pools on the strip. hint: go sneak into the nice pools on the strip (caesars, mandalay, mgm, etc)
5	Great place to stay at for a cheap price. The place is about 2 miles from the strip, so I would recommend a car, and your welcome to use valet or self park, self parking is probably the quicker way to go. The rooms were clean and not comfortable, nothing exotic, but at least no mold, or dirty towers or anything of that sort. I went for a swim in their pool and it was at the correct temp with a towel guy at the pool, the sauna was nice and relaxing, even though there was some calcium deposit build ups on the rocks, but nothing alarming at all. I would definitely stay here again. Ps. Avoid the buffet, its only mediocre for the price paid, your better off with the cafe on the main floor.
4	I stayed here a few years ago, before I turned 21, for my stepsisters' cheerleading nationals.  I have to admit that for a place off the strip, this is actually a nice casino/hotel.  The ambiance is just as cheesy as any other Vegas casino, so whatever on that subject.  I think my favorite part of this place was the fact that it had EVERYTHING there.  I was there for a week and rarely left (remember, I WAS underaged).  There's a large movie theater, and decent bowling alley, several restaurants, and the huge complex that the competitions were held in were very impressive.It is a pain in the ass if you want to get to the strip, only because it's so far away and cab fare adds up quickly.  But if you want to go to Vegas and have a little bit of a different experience, I recommend this place for sure.
1	I actually had a couple of friends tell that this buffet was good. Boy were they wrong. It is easily one of the worst I've ever had. Sure you pay a much less than the buffets at the other buffets, but you pay for what you get. I can't remember the last time where I went up to a buffet and didn't find anything appetizing and where I didn't go up for second helpings. The only good thing about this place is the service. But I think that's more of a by-product of the waitress being Filipino and me being Filipino.
4	This is a great place to stay when the strip prices are outrageous. Sometimes you can get a good deal on the strip, when you can't stay at The Orleans. Please understand it is not fancy, but it clean and the rooms are large. The people who stay there are a bit like "circus folk" but overall I haven't had any problems with the "tattooed and toothless" so far. They have a fairly nice workout room that is included in the $5 per day "resort fee." But, that is a good deal considering most other hotels charge $25 and up. Definitely stay away from the buffet, but otherwise it is a good deal.
2	An extra star cos our buffets were free by signing up for the player's card on memorial day. food kinda sucked tho.
4	Beware of drunken whores at your Omaha table.  Now that I've got that covered...The Orleans gets props because there was a small window--with a view!--in our shower.  Fresh air is always welcome during your mourning shower ("Mourning" your gambling losses, people.  I can spell.  I'm just witty.).Big Al's Oyster Bar--fantastic!  Trust me on this though: unless you (1) have a fridge in your room to stash your leftovers or (2) enjoy blatantly mocking Ethiopians or other starving people by forcing wait staff to discard nearly untouched entrees, do NOT eat two or more loaves of bread and butter prior to your main course.  The food is so good, you'll thank me later.French Market Buffet--If I were paying, 2 stars.  But we were comped...so, 3 stars!  I recommend the peach cobbler.Subway--5 star service here.  I changed my mind from the Cold Cut Combo to the Subway Club after the sandwich artist had already placed the Cold Cut Combo meats on my sandwich.  I even offered to pay the "double meat" price to cover the meat she presumably would have discarded.  Instead, she piled the Cold Cut meat back into the bin and continued on with my Club.  I'm sure there are no immediate health risks or implications cause by meat touching bread and then going back with the rest of the meat, but I'm also sure it's frowned upon by some level of Subway management.  Wherever you are, ma'am, thank you for risking your livelihood to help out an indecisive brat.Shuttle service--nonexistent!  On our first day, we stood in line to take the free shuttle to the strip.  It filled up pretty quickly and denied boarding to 10 or so of us still in line.  So, we took a cab.  We never saw a shuttle again for the rest of the trip.  Every 30 minutes my ass!!!
4	The Orleans Hotel consistently get s high ratings in Las Vegas as the best hotel for your dollar value.I would totally agree.The rooms are large and comfortable.The pool is nice and provides an equal balance of sun and shade.They have some good bars, good places to eat.The hotel just opened a TGI Fridays and it is generally packed.They have a bowling center and 18 theater complex on the upper floors.You can always sneak into an extra feature if you are so inclined.I usually am inclined to do so ......I have stayed at the Orleans for their slot tournament during the past two years.....99 dollars for three nights and entry into the tournament.Right now I am 0 for 4 in winning anything !!But I'll try again in July ....The only drawback I can find about this hotel and casino is that it is off the strip on Tropicana Ave.However, the Seamless Gentlemans club is just across the street.You can do a lot worse in Vegas than the OrleansEspecially when you factor in what you are paying to stay there ....
2	First time I have ever stepped foot in this place and it kind of reminded me a old-time Vegas. I half expected to see a pimp strolling the casino floor. Was here to see Damon Wayans since my friend's host wanted to spread the love. We didn't get a chance to gamble here as I heard the slots are pretty loose sort of like some of the waitresses around this joint. ;)Damon's show was off the hook, however, trying to get our free drink after was a pain in the rear. On top of that, we were offered a free limo ride around the Strip which the hotel would not honor. We only found out about this after tracking down the hotel concierge after a 20 minute run-around.
4	This is my place to stay in Vegas.  I do not like the crowds on the Strip.  Someone comped me a room at Mandalay Bay last month and I could not wait to come back to the Orleans!Here are the good points of the Orleands.1. Restaurants - No one has been extolling the great restaurants in this place.  I have been to the Prime Rib Loft  at least 10 times and everything is good.  Even the salmon!  Also had the lamp chops and they were great.  This is a fairly luxurious place to dine.  And the waitresses and bus girls are very friendly too.  Prices! - 14 oz prime rib is about $17 and outstanding.  Salmon is about $23 and well worth it - sitting on a corn cake with Asian relish!The Canal Street is much more elegant and rated as the best steak in a Vegas Hotel!  I have had the rib eye there and it was great.Coffee Shop - also excellent bargain and very good quality.  For dinner you can get a 16 oz porterhouse for $12.99!Big Al's Oster is also unique and excellent quality.  however the clam chowder has deteriorated from being the best ever.... to average.  This happenned at the time that Boyd Gaming took over the Orleans.CASINO- in past years this was my favorite place to play the machines.  Won many  Royal Flush with $400 pay outs.  Also on holidays they gave you 3 x or 4x reward points for playing.  That seems to have ended... along with the Boyd management taking over.I still do OK with video poker but for best results I travel to Sam's Town to win money there and run away immediately because it is so damn sleazy there!!!I am a boring person!  So the reason I like the Orleans is I can fill my day with things to do.  Usually start off with breakfast and then a visit to the Spa.  Great steam room and jacuzzis.  Nice lounge area too.  Then it is off to gamble until lunch.  Then I nap in the afternoon.  Get up and gamble some more and have dinner at Orleans.  Then for my evening entertainment I take in a movie upstairs with 18 films to choose from and stadium seating.  BTW Orleans also has a huge childrens play room where you can check your kids in while you see a movie or eat dinner.Barring any big losses gambling... this makes a great vacation schedule for me!Oh... and I often get discounted room rates with my next reservation taking me down to $30 on Sunday and Monday night.Hope this helps you guys!Bernie
2	This buffet was recommended to us by one of our cabbies when we asked him where the locals go for a good valued buffet. Since it was about 10+ minutes away from our hotel, we took his advice and decided to give it a try. The food was edible from what I can remember, but most buffets are mediocre. I don't remember exactly how much we paid per person, but it was definitely under $20.
1	This place is an off-strip dump. I stayed here not too long ago because all the rooms in the city were booked for a convention. Unfortunately, I had a pretty bad experience with the Orleans and the whole hotel cartel of Las Vegas. We had two rooms. One day, one of our cell phones went missing, but we thought nothing of it and decided, it was in the car, or we had left it somewhere else--expensive cell phone, but that's the luck of the draw I suppose.The next night, the cell phone charger goes missing, and my friend starts to get suspicious and checks all their bags. A laptop also went missing from that room. In my room, my most favorite iPod in the world disappeared. This iPod had traveled the world with me from Bangkok to NYC. We filed a complaint.about 30 minutes later and old security officer came up to "take our statements" and then ran off, assuring that he'd be back soon with a device that would help identify who had been in the room. It took them a really long time, but after that ordeal, he assured us that these things generally get resolved fairly.NO CHANCE.After about a week, we called in and pestered them about our belongings. We told them it must have been the cleaning service, but we were only told that the investigation was still taking place so nothing could be done.A week after that we received a letter stating that Nevada hotels are exempt from wrong doing and that we should have kept the iPod, cell phone, and the laptop in a safe in our room. The safe was obviously not big enough to hold some of our items, but they also provided a safe at the front desk. To make a long story short, Hotels in Nevada just want to milk you for all your money. If something happens on their watch, they're too apathetic to give a shit. I know of many people who have gotten stuff taken from them straight from their rooms, but I never thought it would happen to me. Luckily it was only my iPod, but the reason this place gets 1 star is because of their poor customer service. I can't believe they pretended to investigate, take statements, and put us through weeks of bull shit just to throw a Nevada law in our face that says they aren't responsible. Poor.Fuck you Vegas + the Orleans Hotel!
3	The Orleans reminded me of a Reno casino. Nothing special about it but I did win some money here! Waaaaay older crowd, like in the 40's+. I did like the exterior of the casino/hotel - looked like something straight out of the French Quarter. Cute!And don't go to the French Market Buffet on a Monday night - they don't have prime rib.... NO PRIME RIB IN VEGAS AT A DINNER BUFFET?!?!?! LUDACRIST!!!!!
3	Nice hotel, nothing fancy, but away from the glitzy tackiness of the Strip. My room was quite large, and clean. Overall, a pretty good experience.  The website offers pretty good rates.
3	so this is the second casino ive been to since ive been 21...not exactly sure what to say about it...it was fine i guess...the most interesting part to me were the funny slot machines...for example, Indiana Jones, BRUCE LEE, spam, tabasco and alien...the outside of the building was easy on the eyes too...no flashy bullcrap and it looked like a nice nawlins building, obviously...i got my newcastle and shared a grey goose & tonic...whatever...i still have much to learn about casinos...im pretty ignorant on the subject but considering this place is not on the strip, it means its not as fun maybe? i dont know...whatever...three out of five...no complaints...nothing special...
5	$1 bowling and shoe rentals after midnight!  A dollar, how is that even possible?  In New York, one game is like a bezillion dollars and bowling three requires a mortgage and a kidney as down payment.  I had a great time bowling here.  The group in the lane next to me was living it up with shots of Midori and Mountain Dew and feeling no pain.  The lane to the left of us had two guys practicing for the pro tour.  And then there was me in my "I Don't Give a Hoot" t-shirt having an awesome time.
1	This review is for the buffet.  Holy Crap!  Remember the movie Vegas vacation when Cousin Eddy takes Clark Griswald to eat the cheap buffet with the yella and blue slop.  Well this is what the Orleans buffet reminded me of.  There was yella which I believe was mac and cheese so runny it look like soup and blue which may have been swedish meatballs but not sure.  Unfortunately because of time constraints we decided this was quick and easy.  One item I did enjoy was the deep fried chimichanga's reminiscent of the dairy queen ones.  They also had decent teriyaki wings and plain white rice that hit the spot.  One of my dining companions tried the 'prime rib' that was probably grade F beef, it looked red/rarish but was tough as cardboard.  I didn't even bother trying dessert cause those looked nasty too. Skip this place, try their cafeteria or even TGI Friday's.
4	Brandon Bennett is comming back to the Orleans casino at 5pm nov. 25th & 26th. he's the best Elvis impersonater ive ever seen ,and best of all the show is free.Last year he recieved a standing oviation from that [locals] crowd is unblievable..
4	As other reviewers have mentioned - this is not the vegas baller casino/hotel. However, for our purposes, The Orleans more than delivered. For $150 for 2 nights I was quite pleased with our choice.The only really annoying part of the trip was that they goofed up our reservations (mis-spelled a name by one letter) so it took us an extra half hour or so to check in. Everything else? Pretty good!As I mentioned, the Orleans is not a first rate hotel, casino or resort and it does show - but food, while VERY inexpensive was more than ok and always plentiful. We were able to order 2 room service meals, which were both delivered piping hot for $35.  It wasn't the best food I have ever eaten, but it was the best $35 room service I've ever had!Beers if you aren't gambling are a whopping $1.50 each and shots of Jager were something like $6, but they were huge!Our room was nicely sized and had a little sitting area, which came in handy. It was clean and had a nice view as well. I think next time we're going to stay at the Orleans again. It made our trip so much more affordable and enjoyable than it would have been otherwise.
4	I forgot - I wanted to mention two other things about the Orleans. First and foremost, My friends and I all walked away winners. Some of us more than others, but we all came out ahead. Much better gambling here than on the strip.Second, I forgot to mention that one of the reasons I really love the Orleans is that it's not that huge. We stayed at the Luxor recently, and it was just a huge pain in the ass to do anything (I'll save that for another review), but it just made the whole stay so much less stressful being in a Hotel that isn't so big.
5	Fabulous!!! Well it was fabulous for our purposes anyways. Hello affordable venue for a small gathering of oh lets say...a sizable group of people for a night. Check-in was a breeze. Plenty of parking. Security mans the elevators. Staff is friendly. Plenty of gaming and drinking options. Room is good sized and clean. Beds are comfy and you have all your usual amenities.
4	This off-strip hotel is an excellent choice for anyone looking to save some money in Vegas.  The room was well-sized and was a bargain as compared to the on-strip hotels!  There is a shuttle that takes you to the strip so it is easy to get to where the action is on the strip.  Security is very visible at this hotel, it is decorated in a fun New Orleans/Mardi Gras style and I have heard that this casino is a likely place to be a winner when gambling.  Definitely worth the money!
5	I stayed here from the 25th to the 30th for the bowling tournaments in Las Vegas; The Main Event held at the Texas Station and The Wipeout held at The Orleans. The room was not bad at all! I shared the room with 2 of my other friends. The shower was nice with a phone by the toilet. I was surprised that there were 3 phones in the room. Sorry, I don't travel to Vegas all that much, this was my 3rd trip, and first since 20020ish. The food court here sucks though. Fuddruckers wasn't bad, Sabarro was decent, but I got sick of it after a while, and one of my friend got food poisoning at the Subway from their meatball sub. So, just a warning. Overall, the room service and all was great. This is a great hotel that is off the strip, and it's fairly cheap.
4	We always stay here when we go, about once a year.  It is super cheap (like $30-60 a night), it has a bowling alley, and the place is huge.  There's also a movie theater if you get sick of the Vegas scene.  It is off the strip, but there is a shuttle that takes you to the middle of the strip, so it's pretty convenient.  The food isn't that great at the main restaurants, but there are new places like TGIFriday's and Fudruckers, so things are on the up-and-up in that department.  There are tons of slots since the place is enormous and lots of cheaper slots and tables.  I'm already looking forward to next year!
2	The story you are about to read is true.1:42 am, Christmas 2008, my wife an I arrive at The Orleans in preparation for my wake. I am celebrating the passing of my 30's as I move to a more seasoned 40th year. In classic Vegas style, I plan on a lot of drinking in my final days.We check in with a very nice young lady and get our keys on the 17th floor. As we pass through the casino we see die hard nickel players and aging blue hairs with their long ashes defying gravity as they extend from their thin lips.The biggest difference between The Orleans and some of the higher priced casinos on the strip is the air handlers. I once read that the Mandalay Bay casino changes and filters the complete volume of air in the Casino six times every hour. For the Orleans, the air is redolent with smoke and cheap air freshener.One note - if you check in this late, be prepared for a death march to your room. They issue rooms closest to the elevators first, this late and you will pass by nearly every room on your wing before arriving.The decor is fairly nice, there was a small window in the shower that you could open to the outside. Not too desirable in the summer when temperatures stay in the 100's even in the wee hours of the morning.This casino is not walking distance from any other (outside of the Irish Bar where I was heading) It also has a bowling alley, movie theaters, several restaurants, and of course gaming. They serve Pepsi almost everywhere although Coke fans can get a fix inside the Friday's restaurant in the casino.Not too expensive - not too fresh. This is old Vegas, the way it used to be.
5	This casino hotel is awesome. The rooms are comfy. The casino is big and tons of video poker. There is a shuttle that takes you to the Strip every 30 minutes. There are a lot of places to eat. Nothing in the convenience store is overpriced. Also, it has a bowling alley, movie theater and an arena. WOW!! On top of being an awesome place, it was super cheap!!! I suggest anyone to stay here.
3	*Casino only*  I suspect the rooms are not what I require in a hotel room.In our continuing quest for a casino that combines great video poker with good service, good music, good atmosphere, and of course, hot cocktail waitresses, we always check out one 'new' casino every trip to LV.  This trip brought us to The Orleans.The research proved correct.  There is good VP to be found here. Pretty nice place!  Big, semi-clean, kind of high on the smoky scale.I'm happy to report that we were pleasantly surprised by the hot and attentive cocktail waitresses.  Did not see that one coming, but a big plus.All in all - decent place with good VP.
1	Casino/Arena only Superbowl weekend a group of friends (20 guys) were celebrating a bachelor party. The Orleans Arena is where they settled on watching the superbowl.....how they managed to get seats in the suite owners private showing is beyond me, but the open bar and catered food along with the Zamboni rides = priceless! The Orleans just screams old kitchy Vegas. Their casino seems to be asian themed, as almost all the dealers/cocktailers are asian....which is unusual in Vegas. I mean, being the Orleans I would expect more of a Southern Hospitality, not so much an asian theme....The place needs some better ventilation, because after 5 min inside the casino i reeked of smoke and has having a minor coughing attack. The outside is really cute, small colorful houses that just scream carnival, the staff however is severely lacking in customer service skills. Our friend told us to go to the ice rink, when we asked the security guard where the ice rink was he laughed at us and said nowhere in Vegas has an ice rink.....ok, maybe arena would have been a better way of asking, but really.....he couldn't make the connection from ice rink to arena with and ice rink? Regardless, I would NEVER stay here, its way too far off strip, and way too old. Watching the superbowl in the arena was sweet, but that is about it.
1	I stayed at this hotel and casino because Chris Isaak was playing here for a few nights (the shows were amazing as always!).   Overall, I was pretty unhappy with my stay here.   I ran into a problem with the credit card I wanted to use for the hotel room.  While trying to work the problem out with the front desk staff, it became clear that they did not know what their own credit card policies were.  As it turns out, they should have accepted the original card with a signed authorization form.  Instead, they ended up double charging me for the room (I ended up paying cash and then they also charged the card they initially told me I couldn't use).  I had to work all of this out with the desk clerk at check out.  We finally resolved it, they reimbursed my credit card and gave me part of it back in cash.   With the exception of the one helpful desk clerk who really knew what she was talking about, all the others seemed absolutely clueless, not to mention rude and unsympathetic to the situation.   The hotel rooms were average - the beds were pretty uncomfortable and were only covered by a double sheet and a thin blanket.  Room service was pretty bad too - food was just ok, and they screwed up my order twice. On the plus side - the people staffing the restaurants, beauty salon and gift shops were exceptionally friendly and helpful.  I liked the concert venue a lot - the sound was great, and as far as I could tell there wasn't a bad seat in the house.  However, Unless Chris Isaak plays here in the future, I will never, ever stay at this hotel again.
4	The best value in Vegas.  The location isn't great but we just took the tram to the strip.  Our room was good size, clean, and well laid out. The pool was fine for our needs.  Plus there was hardly anyone out there even for June.  There was a decent and cheap cafe in the lobby that was fine for our needs as well as a Vienna beef hot dog stand.  The waitresses wear the skimpiest outfits in Vegas...it is intense!   Overall the hotel and casino are surprisingly clean and pleasant.  Good ventilation unlike some places (Excalibur)
4	My parents went to Las Vegas and they had a great experience staying at the Orleans. Is off the strip which for them was a plus, the price was excellent and they loved the rooms and all of the facilities from the Hotel. Definitely a very good option if you want to save-up some money and don't mind staying out of the strip.
3	Not bad but the bowling alley sucks!
4	This place seriously is the best VALUE in Vegas.My husband and I often do 1 night here and then 1 or 2 nights somewhere a bit nicer on the strip, but for the LOW price, who could resist the Orleans?  We've stayed here for as cheap as $30/night!  The rooms are very clean (though the decor could obviously use an upgrade, but that's not what you pay for) and it's not far from the strip at all.  Also, the gambling is SUPER cheap.
4	First thing you notice is it is a cheap place to stay in Vegas, the second thing you notice is you are off the strip.  But the rooms are roomy and the shower has a small window that allows in fresh air.  The only minus on the rooms is the sink and the toilet are in the same space, nicer place would have had the sink and toilet with a door in between them.The buffet stinks.The coffee shop is a 24 hour good deal place to eat.The tables are cheap, roll on low rollers!
4	Believe me, I'd rather stay @ Wynn or Bellagio or the Venetian, but this place comps me when my comps @ better casinos expire...I recommend getting a room on the 9th floor, because it's the first floor the elevators to the right stops @ and one can use the elevators to the left that run from floors 1-9.   And get a room near the elevator.  One walks enough in casinos and in Vegas in general.  Having a room near the elevator is a blessing after a hard night of gambling and partying...In the past, with your $5 per day resort fee, one had access to the locker room in the spa.  Now, there's a $10 fee per day.  It's a good place to take a sauna and a whirlpool, in addition to a shave.   The workout area is still gratis with your resort fee.  It's serviceable...The rooms provide good soap, but the shampoo, conditioner, and moisturizer are fair @ best.  One needs good moisturizer in the desert...The rooms aren't fancy, but comfortable with a small couch and a coffee table.   A coffee maker is provided in the room.  Housekeeping replenishes the coffee every day.Local calls are free with your resort fee.  The closet space is huge, but they could provide more hangers.   The Orleans has a decent poker room and their comp rate is $1.25 per hour for four hours and after that it's 50 cents an hour.The sports book is fair @ best.  The French Market Buffet is fair @ best.  Most of the time, I eat there free...  The 24 Hour Courtyard Cafe has some decent specials, but the service is horribly slow...I enjoy staying @ the Orleans and they've already sent me another comp two days after returning from Vegas...
1	Hotel: Never stay here. The rooms are old, stuffy and the cleaning service does not do well. At 8:00 AM on a Saturday morning, the cleaning staff started banging on the door to clean! We weren't checking out that day, so they shouldn't have come before 11 AM, or at the earliest, 10. It's Vegas! Sheets had cigarette burns in them and the place was just kinda seedy. We wouldn't have paid to stay here. And neither should anyone else!Casino: Good tables with lower limits than you'll find on the strip. Almost always seats/spots open. Service is pretty easy to get. That is why they at least deserved one star.
3	The pool sucks. The hotel rooms smell like smoke. It is overwhelming enough to pay extra to stay somewhere else. The gaming options is the only thing that saves this place.
4	I didn't stay here, but I stumbled here on my first night in Vegas. This is actually where I had some of the best fun. It wasn't too crowded and the liquor was inexpensive. I won my first slot here, which was exciting all by itself. But it is kind of out of the way for the rest of the excitement of Vegas so that part's a bummer. If I rent a car next time I go to Vegas I'd go here.
3	I went this weekend for a wedding....and not bad, not GREAT, but not bad.  A godsend for me was the shuttle.  The room was "comfortable" the bed -meh.  Casino was happening (I should say it was happening for me as  my spending money was change I found in my sofa cushions!) so penny and nickle slots - woohoo!I am not a night person (10:30 is a very late night for me) thus I was certainly in the wrong town, so when I plopped my arse in bed, the channel selections were terrible - but as I said, I think there are very few going to Vegas to watch TV
3	I decided to stay here based on price, and also because of all the great reviews.. Its not bad, but it didn't blow me away either.  It was better than Excalibur, and Tropicana for sure..and when deciding if I should go with Sahara, or Riviera.. I decided on this.  For a little under $40/night with taxes and fees.. not too bad.. Digital thermostat, bigger than average rooms, beds were decent.. nice view, including a window view in the shower.They do have TV checkout until 1pm, a tad later than other places..  I didn't really gamble here except for the free play with slot club signup.Overall, I can't see why this place rates as #1 on some rating sites..  Maybe for a 3 star hotel this is probably one of the better choices.. but for a little more you can get a 4 star place.    It's 12.99/day for internet! OUCH!!If the price is right, this is a good bet.. but there are better places to stay.Also, I left the room after 5pm, and was gone all night both nights I was here. I had the maid service sign up both times, and the maid never cleaned the room.  I had left a tip for housekeeping, but removed it since I never got service.
2	My wife had a convention/meeting here, so we made our first stay at the Orleans' this past weekend.  First the pluses, and there are quite a few.  Big, comfortable rooms with small sitting area and nice sized bathroom, and comfortable beds.Price per night was decent, but not wow, I saved a bundle decent, we have had better rooms for less money, but it's where the meeting was, so we stayed here.Casino is clean and has plenty of machines and table games to keep most people happy with the gaming choices.  It's a local's kind of place so it caters to mid to low roller folks, which does not bother me a bit, since, that's where we fit in.Now the negatives,We were offered a players rate when we first called about the rooms for the convention and then did not get it upon arrival.  This is a major negative for me.  We are regulars at other Boyd Gaming properties and usually have no trouble getting a better or a discount rate.Service other than a few people in the restaurants was less than attentive.  While it still appears they have enough staff to cover the needs of the guests, it's "just enough" staff.  No extra staff and not too many extra smiles or welcoming gestures.  To me if you are in the hospitality business, then be marked for being hospitable!Housekeeping, non existent.  We stayed a second night to relax a bit and housekeeping never came and cleaned the room one time during our stay.  Since it was really not a big deal, because we were only there short term, we did not call regarding the apparent poor communication between front desk/reservations and housekeeping dept.  But again, another strike against the Orlean's.Strike Three...a rude little prick of a valet attendant, who after I gave him a buck for opening the door and taking our name to valet, walked over to the other little valets and belittled his $1 tip, in our hearing.  I almost walked over to the little jerk and told him, if you don't want it I will take it back.  This ain't the Strip, nor is it a 5 Diamond joint, it's an off strip, local''s low to mid roller joint.  I believe in being a good tipper and have tipped more for better service with valet, but this guy basically just took our name and left us to our own devices, without a word of welcome or anything else that would impress me enough to tip him more.For a day or two it was OK.  I wouldn't want to spend much time there, but if they do comp my rooms in the future I would go back.  Overall grade C-, from Mr. "G".
4	I didn't actually stay in the rooms here but next time I want to. I gambled here on two occasions and was lucky enough make some bank. I turned $10 into $70 both times.  I was playing 25 cent roulette and just kept hitting. I only put a little bit back so came out with at least some profit. I enjoyed even walking through this casino really late at night when I was headed back to where I was staying across the street at Emerald Suites. I saw a few prostitutes here (of course) late at night I guess they fuck around here more because it is definitely off strip.  I am ready to go back as we speak. I will be staying here for these cheap rates like $39 a night.
4	I actually didn't plan on staying here but due to some mix up, I somehow booked a room here.  This place is not on the strip.  In fact, it's pretty far off from the action.  However, this is a pretty decent place to stay (and I've been off the strip before).  The rooms are nice.  The resort has lots to do (24 hour bowling, arcade, bars, clubs, restaurants, movie theatre, gambling, spa, and pool).  If you have kids, they also have a babysitting service (located next to the movie theatre).  The restaurants are pretty decent...I enjoyed my meal at TGIFridays and the buffet had some good food.  I totally loved my spa experience.  I had a chocolate massage.  The spa also has a jacuzzi and a sauna you can enjoy once you pay for your treatment.  The massage I got was awesome.  The price for in room internet is pretty steep but supposedly there's free wifi at Seattle's Best (a coffee bar inside the casino).  I wish the parking was attached to the hotel though.  I could have paid for a bellboy but decided against it.  Definitely would consider staying here again.
1	The only positive I can think of is that the rooms are generally very cheap.  You smell a wierd funk when you walk in.  The food choices are slim and bland.  The bars are dated and severely under staffed. Overall a bad place to stay or hang out in a city with so many other options.
5	This is the third time we've stayed here and we love it! it has the best value for hotels in Las Vegas, it may seem far from the strip but really as soon as you cross over the freeway bridge your right there on LV blvd.The rooms are worth the price, two large beds and a small seating area. everytime we have come the rooms have been clean and we've had no problems. the view is pretty cool too! definitely come for a cheap breakfast buffet, for $6.99 pp you get a really decent meal and if you have the club coast card you even get a discount! not bad!I think this is the place to come and you'll definitely get more for your money than some of the other places. big, bright and comfortable, you won't be disaapointed! give it a chance!
1	My only hotel experience that was even comparable to my stay at the Orleans was in a tiny village high in the Peruvian Andes 35 years ago. But the Orleans is worse--at least the place in Peru wasn't pretending to be anything other than what it was, and it didn't have the signature ORLEANS HOTEL SEWAGE "STANK."This place is literally built on top of a ginormous septic tank! I wondered how my room could SMELL SO EVIL. Then I encountered two hotel employees in an elevator, and both of them were coughing and holding their shirts up over their noses."It's really bad today," one of them said."Yeah," the other replied. "They really need to pump that thing out."I had to go down to the eye-burningly smoky casino to get some "fresh" air!The only reason I stayed here at all is that I was registered for a conference, and the organizer chose this hotel. It was all arranged back in the spring, so by the time I checked in and discovered that I was booked into SEWAGE HELL, it was impossible to find a room anywhere else in Vegas.In fairness, though, the hotel does offer amenities.Want high-speed internet in your room? Be prepared to pay for it through your already abused nose. As an alternative, you can visit the so-called business center (access to it is included in your $5 per day "resort fee") and surf the web for 10 whole minutes per day.Need to print a boarding pass? Better do it between 9 and 5, because the "business center" shuts down at 5 p.m., even though ACTUAL business operates 24/7 these days. But if the "business center" is closed, you can pay a minimum of $5.95 to print your boarding pass on one of the kiosks you'll find here and there around the hotel. Oh wait--half the keys are missing from the keyboards, so you may find it tough going.Room service? No problem. When you finish your meal, just set your tray outside your door. (The housekeeping staff certainly won't touch it--or much of anything else.) And once you've put your tray out in the hall, the staff will kindly let it sit there for 24 hours, just in case you or someone else should want to snack on the leftovers.But never mind--just relax and settle back for the night between your flimsy, scratchy, TORN sheets, and delight in the excitement of being alternately blasted with cold and hot air. If you get too warm, walk over to the bathroom sink (wearing shoes, to protect your feet from whatever caused those greasy stains on the carpeting) and splash your face with cold water. Just don't expect the water in your sink to drain--ever.I paid around $90 a night (average of 3 weeknights and 2 weekend nights) to sleep in a sewage miasma. If that suits your tastes, then by all means stay at the Orleans Hotel and Casino. Otherwise, AVOID THIS TOXIC WASTE DUMP at all costs.I came home, took a long hot shower, and washed or dry cleaned every item of clothing I had with me. But I don't think the memory of the Orleans "stank" can ever be eradicated.
3	For you Hawaii folks, the Orleans is one of the hotels you can choose when booking a vacation package through Vacations Hawaii. It costs a little more than the California or Fremont, but I think it's worth it since it's pretty close to the Strip. Just a quick cab ride into town--about $10-15 depending on traffic and who takes you.I actually had pretty low standards for this place, but was quite pleased with the room. Two big beds and a small sitting area. Pretty clean too. There's even  small desk where you can plug in your laptop and get internet ($12.99 a day), which is where I'm writing my review at the moment.I don't know how crowded this place normally is, but there's some kind of high school sports thing going on because I see a lot of kids here wandering through the casino, but never lingering at the slot machines or bar. There's a cafe open 24 hours a day that's decent. The food is "eh", but they seem to be severely under-staffed so service is quite slow. For a little less, if you don't mind fast food, I recommend just walking down to the food court and getting Fuddruckers or whatever you prefer.Definitely not a hotel to spend all your time in while on vacation, but for just sleeping and a quick meal before heading out to the strip, this could be the place for you.
4	This was our first year at the Orleans as the Vegas Rockabilly Weekender moved hotels from the Mold Coast down the street to this posh version of said hotel.  Not  a bad upgrade, the hotel is bigger, cleaner, and has more food options.We dug the TGIF inside as they had an amazing $6 deal of macaroni and a grilled chicken breast which was much larger than we expected for the price. (sort of expected a chicken nugget and 7 pieces of elbow macaroni)  There is even a prime rib joint we heard was great, not that we ate there since you apparently need reservations and we couldnt bum rush the dinner service to get a table.  Next time.We'll be seeing The Orleans in a couple months for the Rockabilly Rave and am actually looking forward to the accomodations.  A huge step up from the Mold Coast.Funny, one of my subcontractors at work saw and recognized me last spring as he stays and gambles here quite often, and as I find out later he has quite the gambling problem!!
5	The budget friendly solution that lets you say "YES!" to a weekend in Vegas. $96 for 2 nights in a spacious room with a view of the mountains, plenty of affordable food options, a coffee shop w. free wifi, $21 all day all you can eat buffet, and $5 black jack tables cannot be beat.Request the non-smoking rooms on the upper levels in the newly remodeled wing; the smoking rooms on the lower level floors are like dungeons with bad ventilation that keeps all that recycled stank confined to the smokers respirations...bad news if you're a non-smoking visitor to one of these rooms. Pay attention to the coupons they give you when you register - we got 20% off the restaurants, $5.00 voucher for gambling and buy one get one drink free, etc. When you're hanging out in the gambling area, you're offered fun beads to wear...no boob flashing necessary!
3	Rather big casino floor here with plenty of gaming. Some very interesting looking slot machines that are not available at some of the other casinos. Rather busy here, but I still prefer the Gold Coast due to the atmosphere because The Orleans felt like they needed a bit more light.
3	I have to be honest, I've got to tell you the downs as well as the ups.  I know it's hot in Vegas with an average of 100 degrees in September, but noticable cut backs like no comforter on the bed and no refridgrator for a cold drink is the down points for me. Only 2 flat pillows on a king bed. The room layout was ok, but the couch was situated in front of the bathroom door instead of the TV. Like most large Casinos in Vegas, how far is the hotel room really?  I'd rate the rooms with a 3, only because you have to walk so far for ice with a bucket big enough to fill 3 maybe 4 glasses.  It's quite, the staff was nice, and I did win enough to pay for my room and a bottle of wine.
4	This is just a review of the buffet here.  We love this place and especially the buffet here is one of the best I've ever had and for the price??  $7.99 for their lunch buffet? Can't beat that.  The baked turkey is moist and tender, not much salad bar options but the veggies are fresh. Another plus is you can get a bottle of wine here for 6.45 that tastes pretty damn good.  I enjoyed myself thoroughly here and they have such a large selection of food to choose from!  Also try the ribs!  The negative? Getting stalked by the Steve Urkel look alike two days in a row from eating here hahaha But that wasn't The Orleans fault, it was my cousin's lousy taste in men! This buffet is highly recommended!
4	Good food, very tasty, with a large selection of international cuisines. I love breakfast buffets and this one is as good as any in the city. I use to live on Trop right down the street and I went here all the time. My boyfriend loves it here, too, and we came here on the spur of the moment many times. Nice clean casino with friendly staff and lots to do. Good bars and pleasant atmosphere - good quality of patrons. I highly recommend the buffet :)
5	stayed on sat - tues. once again great service, drinks and food. buffet brunch was great for me. big al's was a hit and miss. clam chowder was over the top, but crap salad was a total blah. overall the ORLEANS is my place in LAS VEGAS and has been for the last 7 years.
4	This is a really nice place, a super alternative to the hotels downtown (as long as you have a car, as it is off strip).  It's a giant place, lots of nice restaurants, bowing alley, movie theater....they have TONS of video slots, like every type imaginable.  The rooms are also very nice, the bathroom is like something in a 5-star hotel.  If you want to visit Vegas and have a hotel/casino that has it all (so you don't have to leave), this is it.
4	Stayed here the weekend before Thanksgiving, 2009. My second stay here. Definitely not a 5-star facility but the value for your vacation dollar is excellent! At about $38 per night you can't beat it. The rooms are large, clean and comfortable albeit laid out a bit wierd.We got a strange phone call during the 2nd night of our stay. My wife answered and it was someone asking for me by name and asking if we had called for 'a girl'. I definitely had not and then they asked a second time before my wife hung up. It really makes me wonder how someone had gotten my name.All in all, I would recommend this place for the average person not looking for a lot of frills, just a nice place to stay for a couple of days while on some-what of a budget.It's off The Strip but you can ride the shuttle bus over and take a $10 cab ride back. If you want to. There's really no reason to as The Orleans has everything you need right there.
4	Nice mid range hotel/casino.  The room was big, with two queen size beds a sofa and couple of chairs.  We got to stay for free, Thursday and Friday by signing up online for their email notifications.  They do tack on a $5 a day resort fee costs, which I guess usually helps inflate the ridiculasly low prices.  It is on the other side of the freeway from the strip, but room prices are very low.  $7.99 lunch Buffet was pretty good, international, with some great collard greens, black eye peas, and hush puppies.  $5 blackjack.  The big rodeo was in town and all the rodeo beauty queens stayed at the hotel, I could tell by their sashes that said what state they were from.  Even though many casinos allowed dealers and cocktail waitresses to wear jeans and western shirts, here everyone wore their usual work clothes, cocktails waitresses wearing the usual bustier/almost tong bottom outfits, so I did not miss the jeans.  They have 18 movie theaters and 70 bowling alleys, so would be a good place to bring kids.
3	Prime Rib Restaurant a-ok. The 70 lane bowling alley. Phenomenal!!!!! Had a blast!! Cheap lanes, cheap beer. Love it!!
4	The Orleans is a great place to stay if you drove to Vegas. For all you non-CA residents...the Strip is probably a better place to stay if you're going to be taking taxis everywhere. Although, if you insist, the Orleans does have some sort of shuttle to the Strip. Nevertheless, good clean hotel rooms that were surprisingly spacious. Thin doors make for being awakened by noisy neighbors or jabbering maids ("Hows-keepeeeng?"). But if you're doing Vegas right....you'll probably sleep through all that nonsense anyway.  Hotel boasts its very own movie theatre, 24 hour and 60-something lane bowling alley, multiple bars and restaurants including a 7.50 buffet! Dammit...that was a good deal! We ate all kinds of greasy comfort foods and didn't feel ripped off.
4	Hey, something for everybody.   I've heard good things about this place and was not disappointed.  Lots of family friendly activities (bowling,movie theater & D-league BB!).  Okay gambling and adult activities. (There's a couple good strip clubs right outside.)  Shuttle service to the Gold Coast (+Palms+Rio) and the Strip (kitty corner to the Belagio)  was fast and efficient!Rooms are nice, but some are nicer than others.   Free internet in the Lobby.  Pool is only okay. Good sized with decent beds, but I got stuck into a smoking room and it smelt worse than the casino! The food I had was pretty bad. (Stick to the steak in the coffee shop.)  Didn't try the buffet, but the "meal plan" there is dirt cheap.
4	Got a free room for two nights here after gambling for probably only an hour! This place is great, but I still prefer the Gold Coast for gambling. Very friendly patrons and dealers here, with a wide selection of things to do here.
4	I like this place quite a bit. I don't buy into paying hundreds a night for a room just because of real estate. You're barely in the room anyway, who cares? Some of these reviews make me laugh- "the couch faced the bathroom and not the tv" "the ice bucket only filled 4 glasses". If this is how you view your vacation, you need a vacation.Here's a tip: if you've ever been in this casino before and have a player's card, (and if you think you might stay here, get a players card next time you can), go online and register it. When I did, I got an instant two nights free, with no restrictions! We stayed on a friday and Saturday night for completely free. I think the rooms are quite large considering that I don't really need the room for anything except sleep. Someone mentioned not liking the small windows you can open in the shower but I find them quite charming. It's one of the few times in Vegas I feel like I can breathe real air. The buffet here is surprisingly good, since breakfast and lunch are about $7 and dinner is $12 or so. I recommend going to Koji for chinese food, (sushi was meh). They had an excellent cashew chicken that I was bummed I couldn't find room to finish. Also had fun at the bowling alley- they have good cheap games if you can stand to go late at night. Also, the liquor store in the hotel is actually cheaper than one we found off the strip that was free-standing. Yes, it's off the strip, but the shuttle comes every half hour until 12:00 AM, starting at 9:00 AM, so even though we had a car we never used it. Also, if you come here without a car, you should know that you CAN get to the airport from this hotel by public bus, which picks up right across the street. You have to transfer, but it's cheap and only takes about 30 mins.
4	What can be said for a 35 dollar hotel room off strip in vegas.  Its clean, nicely equipped and the view of the strip from our 18th floor room was amazing we could see Stratosphere to Mandalay Bay.  Walking the casino floor to room isn't as smoky as most with high ceilings and clean feeling.  Bowling alley and movie theatre on site.  Buffet at breakfast was really good.   There's a shuttle to the strip available as well.  I do vegas a couple times a year and will make this my base location until something changes.
2	Sticky:Carpets should never be sticky.Mold:Should never be present in the shower.Smoke infested:Yes I know this is a casino, but it smelled smoke laden even in the non smoking floors.The wall:Was not a great view.  Seriously? a wall?Loud:It is 12 am.  Some people have come to Vegas to compete in an event and need to sleep.   Others have come to Vegas to gamble, drink wacky beverages and press buttons while listening to clanging bells,  while being visually assaulted with flashing lights and endearing yet tacky decor. Those people rock.   The ones that came to  Vegas to congregate in the hallways and scream like crazed feces throwing monkeys confound me.   Really?  You came all the way to Vegas to hang around a hotel hallway and "drank your dranks" and knock on strangers doors playing ding dong ditch?  Could you have possibly have done that in Idaho or wherever it was you drove from?  News Flash!  You could have done all those things (with the exception of the feces toss) the in the casino and the beeping slot machines would have drowned out the noise.Sheesh.   And another thing, a statue of Elvis in the casino with all of the fingers missing and duct tape to hide the damage?  Tacky people, he was the king, not the king of duct tape.  In conclusion.   I did not like this hotel and plan to stay elsewhere next time I have the opportunity to visit Las Vegas.Paula has left the building.  Thankyaverrmuch
5	Orleans Casino was renovate back in 2004 and is to this date my favorite casino to go to every month that I've been going to Las Vegas for the past year. I've been to many high end and low end casino's and this one for the price has them all beat, but like all things I'll have to give you the Pro's and Con's.Pro's(Very clean Casino)I've been to higher priced Hotels that I've been surpised to find the rooms weren't well maintained. Orleans doesn't feel dirty in any way. (Inexpensive)I go on the weekdays, so my rooms usually run an average of $35 a night plus a typical $5 resort fee. (Though I found no golf course)(Big floor area)There are enough Slots and Floor games to keep you entertained through-out your whole stay in Vegas, (Shuttle Bus)Quick and free shuttle bus to the strip. I usually tip the driver, but it's not required and the last call for the ride is at about 11:30pm. (Many restaurants)Al's Oyster bar has great oysters and good Clam Chowder, sushi place is good, Prime Rib restaurant was very good, cafe was cheap and good, Garden Buffet was above average (I hate buffets btw), and In-door Chili dog stand was cheap and good (opens 11 am). They also have a TGI Fridays, BR 31 flavors, Fuddruckers, Subway and Sbarrow to name a few cheap eats while your there and they have other restaurants that I haven't been to, so I can't remember the names, but there is no short supply of places to eat here. (Bowling alley)The lane here are good and they serve a mean cheese nachos.(Liquor store)I wish I could remember the name of this place, but it's in door and close to TGI Fridays. They sell wines, beers, and other alcohols at an unbelievably low price. If you've ever been to any other hotel/casino you'll know what I'm talking about when I say they gouge you with pricing. Not here though, all prices that I've seen are at supermarket pricing.Con's (Lack of Humidity)I've had this problem from other Hotels in Las Vegas, so I've learned to bring a humidifier with me at all times. Even when it's not that dry outside, you'll find that the rooms are extremetly dry, so bad that I wake up at night, grasping at the water beside my bed. If you go to Las Vegas, I don't care what the weather is outside, bring a humidifier just in case. You'll save yourself from suffering in the middle of the night.OVERVIEWThe Orleans is inexpensive, has a great Casino area, friendly staff, very clean, and a good number of stores and restaurants to keep you entertained.
3	Well I have only stayed here one time so far, for the Viva Las Vegas rockabilly weekender 2009. It was the first time for this event to be held here, it was always at the Gold Coast Hotel (same chain) which I really liked. Unfortunately the staff was very unprepared for the onslaught of hundreds of rockabilly people. I found a lot of the staff to be very rude, condescending, and unhelpful. The pool was cold and very overly chlorinated. The pool didn't open until late morning and closed early as well as not being in the sun most of the day. The water in the room faucet and shower  smelled like sulfur the whole stay, as well as having a general sulfur smell outside of the hotel as well. Perhaps the hotel is just fine when there is not a large event there, especially a music oriented one, but we are not staying there for this year's event. Hopefully they will be nicer and more prepared this year, if so, we may stay there for the 2011 Viva.
5	Still in my opinion, one of the best buffets in Las Vegas and indeed a great bargain.  There is just too much to choose from here and I end up feeling extremely gluttonous after leaving.   It's a bit off the strip on Tropicana but it's a pretty cool buffet and their salad bar is quite impressive.  Their cheesecake was also pretty good as well.  I've paid the same price for simply one slice of cheesecake in NYC as their entire buffet costs.  Highly recommended, yet again!
3	The first thing I had to do when coming to Vegas was to have a classic Las Vegas buffet.  Natasha, who apparently has an honorary doctorate in Vegas buffets, insisted on Orleans, crowning it the best of the best.  I never heard of Orleans which probably makes sense since it sets off of the strip.  The space is huge and the price is decidedly low at $7.99 for lunch which includes unlimited soda, tea, and coffee.  If you are feeling spendy and festive, you can add a bottle of wine for $6 more.  I passed on the scary cheap wine, but I was impressed in the diversity of the food selection.  There was Mexican food, Chinese food, regular and Mongolian BBQ, Thanksgiving fare, American fare, and an entire dessert island that could pass for a bakery in a mall given its sheer size.  Quantity abounds, but quality falls behind and varies considerably between selections.  On the never again end of the spectrum, I found the tacos to be deplorable.  Tilting one of the tacos to a 30 degree angle, I watched mesmerized as oil accumulated on my plate.  Common selections like stuffing and macaroni and cheese had far less viscosity than I am accustomed to, too.  With that said, better, more promising selections included the kielbasa and the fish cakes.  Desserts were exemplar and alone were worth the price of the buffet.  I was very happy with my especially moist slice of chocolate cake for example.So sure, the food is hit or miss, but with a buffet there is no penalty for the misses.  You are not required to eat everything you take, and you can simply choose to go back for more only for the selections that you like.  I am not a buffet fan by any means, but within this genre of food, this was decidedly one of my better experiences.        3.75 stars
3	I had no idea NCAA tourney made booking a room a little difficult. Wasn't trying to break the bank to stay in a family friendly hotel for the weekend. My brother suggested this place and with a little research decided to check it out for the weekend. This hotel overall gets the job done. There's plenty of activities to keep the kiddies busy during the day. If one is hungry you have over 10 options to grab a bite to eat with a couple of them being 24 hours. The room is exactly what you need in Vegas-a bed, shower and toilet with a phone. The only thing knocking The Orleans to me is the location to the strip but even then they have a shuttle that takes you there every half hour so that ain't too bad. The OG's seemed to like the casino part but they did complain that the machines were a bit dated. I let them know that was to be expected when you join the band of retired federal employees who travel all across SD and hit up local casinos.
5	5 stars for the bowling alley and the drink specials... $1 wells!!! and $1 bowling after midnight. YAY. and their super cute animal socks vending machine. The prime rib French dip was amazing... in that little cafe in the lobby. And the Orleans buffet was soooooooo goooood!! I must have tried everything! The desserts were great too! OMG the banana cream pie was to die for! I had it like 3 nights in a row. hahahaha. The night my boyfriend wanted to try it, they sadly only had sugar free. Fortunately, we couldn't even tell it was sugar free. It didn't have that weird aftertaste or anything!I would definitely stay there again.
4	Not Bad at all, The place was big and the room was a good size and clean, We were there for Viva Las Vegas, Our Purple Ford Galaxie  and us had a Awesome time.   Good Time    lol
4	I stayed at the Orleans for my 2nd time last weekend for Viva the yearly rockabilly weekender. The casino of course reeks of that awful cigarette and Pabst Blue Ribbon stench which makes me not able to breathe in confined spaces, but I understand its Vegas and that's just how it is. I don't particularly care for the casino area, because of the smell, but other than that it's cool. There's lots of low minimum tables and cheap slot machines to entertain you. The rooms are pretty nice and not too expensive. I was gonna give it a 3 because I slept on a couch this year, but that's not the Orleans fault, haha, and Viva is pretty awesome too. Last year I had a bed and next year I will too. The beds are pretty comfy and the couch is decent too, I guess. For being moderately inexpensive this hotel and casino has a lot of stores and other forms of entertainment to keep you busy. Since I did not buy a Viva wristband I was forced to explore the Orleans and see everything it has to offer. It has a 60 plus lane bowling lane, with $1 bowling and beer after midnight, a movie theater, a pool, lots of bars, restaurants, liquor stores, and an awesome buffet. They also have a shuttle bus, which takes you to the strip and the other Viva overflow hotel the Gold Coast. It runs pretty late, so its a pretty awesome service that also prevents drunk driving and other trouble. They have an Arena for concerts and a huge parking lot which hosts the annual Viva Car Show. The bars also sell the famous Viva boot for you to fill with the booze of your choice. They also have tons of PBR specials for all the rockabillys during VIVA. Nothing beats $2 Pabst Blue Ribbon, well, that is if you even like that disgusting excuse of a beer, haha. I personally choose to fill my boot with Mimosas and Margaritas, which was way awesome. Since I did come for VIVA, I'm sure on a normal weekend it's much less crowded because it's not on the strip, but it's still a nice hotel and they do a pretty good job of hosting Viva and all of the people that come with it. Next year I'll stay here again, and I'm for sure sleeping on a bed and I'm eating at the rib place and doing the $1 bowling after midnight. So if you want to see a bunch of rockabilly, classic cars, weird hair and lots of PBR all in the same place at the same time instead of going to some dive bar back at home, come on down to Viva Las Vegas next year. :)
4	Got free comps for weekdays so I went in Dec.  Video poker paid better than before.  Went to Sam's Town and lost money quickly.  Also went to next door Cannery East on Boulder Hwy... awful results.At the Orleans... I always take in a movie in their stadium seating cinemas.  Always go to the Spa. Got a late night meal at Fuddruckers!  WOW!  Ordered Kobe bugers and that may have been one of the best burgers ever.... just a notch down from the Counter in Santa Mon and Studio City. I am now moving to Indio and will frequent local casinos and report my experiences.  -Ciao-BJ
4	Great place to sleep if your just there to be out all night and day. Didn't stay much in the room. Service was friendly, cleanness was great. Cheap place to stay decent rooms big bathrooms. Really happy with the stay here I wasn't at the strip at all since I was here for a Viva rockabilly event but if I were going to the strip this would be a little distant. It's on te other side of the freeway.Other then that, good place to sleep, stay, eat and gamble. Won 200$ at the 1cent slot machine with 2 dollars!. Cha -ching lol.
4	By far, my favorite place to stay when at Las Vegas.  Big gambling floor, nice Orleans style decor, and friendly staff have been my experiences here.  They've lots of parking in front, but a better chance is in the garage area because they get packed big time here.The roulette machines are reasonable in value to play compared to the Palms for example, and they had a couple of the cool Star Trek game within the game here, where you can take your ticket and play on another one and have your gaming progress saved.Last time I was here in January, we didn't stay here because they had a big cheerleading convention going on, but we still had to stop and enjoy it here for a while.  Didn't actually go to the buffet this time either (dang it!!!), but that place has always been very good and actually has flavor in the food you eat there.   Food court has a nice variety and there's a Friday's, Terrible's and a Fuddruckers here, so while Orleans maybe off the stip by a mile or so, they do have plenty to keep people busy here with the bowling alley and movie theater and arcade for the family action.When we stayed here the last few times, I enjoyed it a lot.  The beds were firm and very comfortable and the walls were thick, so I didn't have a hint of having a neighbor next door!   We had a good view of the strip at night and could see a large portion of it's layout.   The bathtub was a little quirky in that you can look out a window while showering and feel like you are right on the ledge.
3	Considering that I've never paid for my rooms here, I could not be more satisfied.  BUT, I do have to pay the resort fee, and I want to be able to workout whenever I want to!Thumbs down:- Fitness center closes at 9 pm (I don't know how hotels other than South Point handle the hours, but the South Point fitness center was open 24/7).  I didn't realize this and got there at 9:10.- Beds and pillows could be comfier.  The one pillow I got was flat, and the ones stored in the bathroom (ew) weren't any fluffier.- Closet area shares the same space as the bathroom!Thumbs up:- Mmmm, Singapore-style noodles at the buffet (lunch AND dinner!)- Speaking of the buffet - very good for how cheap it is :)  - Great food options late at night (graveyard specials at the Courtyard Cafe, Sbarro's, Fuddruckers, TGIF).- Layout of the casino floor - never felt like I'd lose where the BF was when we would split up.  Friendly dealers and staff.- A cheap and fun option for families - super kid friendly with a bowling alley, a movie theater, a nice pool, etc.!  Not that I need it, but I know my parents would have loved this when I was a kid.- Lots of self-parking close to the casino or hotel rooms.  I hate valet!
4	On a recent trip to Vegas, I was looking for a reasonably priced casino, close to or on the strip. I had read reviews here on Yelp claiming the Orleans was the best value for the money and I now agree! The rooms a very nice and spacious, though TV channels limited (but if you spend your time watching TV in Vegas you have a bigger problem!) The Casino is fairly large with a wide variety of slots, video games, and tables. The payout seemed to be very reasonable, and the drinks flow very freely, even at the nickle slots! The food offerings are decent, nothing fancy, and there is also a large (and very modern) bowling alley, and cinema. My only criticisms of the resort concern the shuttle to the strip and the pool area.  The pool, though large, was extremely crowded (though this could be attributed to it being Memorial Day weekend.) Also, the wait for the shuttle was often very long (20-30 min+) and some of the drivers were pretty rude. All in all I highly recommend this place and would likely stay here again!
5	This place gets 5 stars from me because they don't pretend to be anything they are not and everything this establishment sets out to do they do well. If your looking to stay at a 5 star joint obviously you need to go to the strip and stay at Bellagio, The Hotel at Mandalay Bay etc etc. but if your looking for value and comfort this place can't be beat. Top down from the staff to the food options, gambling, poker, in house movie theater, pool all of it is very good for a non 5 star Vegas hotel. The staff here is very friendly and approachable and while I love the Venetian and nicer venues I often feel as though they are very cold and not very friendly. The poker room is good and at the time of this posting had a 150,000 jackpot. The rooms during the week run as low as 30-40 a night, and weekend around 100, which comparing this place to Imperial palace or Stratosphere is a steal. Also your off the strip and within a few days you can use the back roads to navigate to any of the major hotels and casinos with ease. As far as gambling goes this house is easier to get comped rooms and food than other bigger houses from my experience as well which is nice. The only thing I don't like about this place and its the same every time I come here is at night there are a lot of 'working girls' just hanging out like vultures past 1am... A little bit unsettling but I think that's common for Vegas just seems to be more of an issue here than most casinos.
2	Recently returned from a 3 day stay at Orleans.  I was very dissappointed in the dense smoke level in the casino.  Previously the casino was fairly smoke free with lots of room between machines.  They must have added more slots and the smoke level is terrible everywhere.I locked myself out of my room... while walking with security guard to open it... I mentioned the smoke level.  He agreed... it has gotten worse this year.  Despite free comp rooms... I will probably not return. I also noted that the food quality and service in the coffee shop has fallen down significantly.  This used to be a great coffee shop where the prime rib and steaks were great.  No more!  Guess I will have to find a new favorite place to stay in L V!!!
5	I think that the Orleans Hotel Buffet should be outlawed....It can kill you. The food is sooooo good and so much, you can't stop eating. I need them to install a timer whenever I come in there or I will eat myself to death.  give me an hour and kick me out...please...
4	Big nice room. Comfy bed. It was clean and quiet. The pool was really nice and had a kid pool which was nice but since it is so shallow it was like a warm or hot bath. All in all nice room for 29 bucks a night. I would for sure stay here again. We only ate at TGI Fridays (blech) Fuddruckers (yum), subway (good). The only suck part was right now they only have one area to sit down and have a drink since the lounge was closed. Other than that it was a nice place to stay.
4	Couldn't beat the price. 29$ a night, $5 "resort fee."   Hotels were clean, the phone and front desk people were largely polite.  Crib brought to our room instantly on arrival, at no charge for three nights!   Pools were clean (kiddie pool, grown up pool--max depth 3 1/2 feet), and large hot tub.  Food so-so. Largely chains, although we were very pleasantly surprised by the food and service at Koji (entrees around $14). About a 5 min drive to the Strip.  Movie theatre and bowling alley in the hotel!  Probably better for older kids than our three year old, but still, was great to see a movie so easily.If you're willing  to stay off the Strip, this was a better quality hotel for the money than the Imperial Palace or Stratosphere (similar prices per night).  Slots were looser, and casino MUCH cleaner.
4	Not bad. Host hotel for NPAF. Cheap weekday rates and even for the weekend. They had everything you needed in the hotel. Even though it was off the strip, it was cool. The hotel wasn't packed like the bigger popular hotels, but this place had a movie theater and even a big bowling alley. Lots of restaurants and the rooms were actually pretty nice. A/C was a bit loud in the room though. Wish they'd have an extra door for the bathroom. But all in all..room was cool.
4	Nice hotel for a family. They had so much to do for kids... bowling, movie theater, kids gym, that my kids didn't want to go home. Rooms were large and very clean. And it was off the strip so it was quite at night. The pool was cool too... a kids pool and a large pool all with life guards. Would stay with a family any time. Not as much action if you were looking to be on the strip this isn't the place for you.
4	There are no strings attached when it  comes to The Orleans.  The Orleans provides you with everything you need when you go to Vegas--minus a nightclub.  Bc my bf and I come to Vegas quite often, it's important that we not be super extravagant every time we go.  Our go-to hotel for these types of occasions is 100% Orleans. The rooms are cheap....especially during the weekdays.  When I say cheap I'm talking about $35 a night.  On the Fridays & Saturdays it gets little more expensive ~$90 but still it's not as bad as spending $150 a night.  The rooms are decent.  You get 2 queens or 1 king, a TV, vanity, couch, lounge chair, side tables, coffee machine.  The usual.  The bathroom has got all the necessities...shower, toilet room w/ a phone, one sink, closet, blah blah blah.  Everything is always clean.  I don't feel grossed out here at all when I come.  They have a $1 margarita happy hour downstairs from like 5-8pm @ one of their eateries.  Not to mention, they have like 12 different restaurants/eateries available and some are even open 24 hours which I LOVE.  *Ahem...TGI Fridays...all day happy hour..Ahem*And...if you get all fatty like me after eating buffets everyday...your stay includes access into their fitness center & spa!!  I LOVE this part bc I can still get my Eliptical on before I indulge myself in endless crab legs & prime rib =]For those people who don't wanna get all craaazy, living up the Vegas lifestyle...you can chill out and spend your entire day here.  You can watch a movie in one of their 18 movie theaters.  Or go bowling in their like 80 lane bowling alley..and after midnight each game is only $1!!!And if you wanna get down and dirty on the strip..they have a shuttle available that leaves every half hour from like 9 am until 11:30 pm.  Their last pick-up is @ Bill's gambling Hall [across from Caesars] at 12:30 am.  If you miss it you can always cab it back which doesn't come out to be that much if you leave from MGM or NYNY.  I recommend this place for people who aren't all about living it up but still wanna have a great time in Vegas.  It gets the job done & I always leave a happy camper.
5	The Orleans is a great hotel to stay at. Not far from the Strip, but that doesn't mean it doesn't have the experience. Casino is awesome place to spend half your day. They also have a bowling alley and a theater. TGIF restaurant has great service. Their buffet is also a good way to eat breakfast/lunch before you head to fun. The rooms are very clean, and if you're lucky, you get a great view of the Strip/mountain ranges. Room service does a good job of keeping everything tidy and stocked. The pool is also a great place to chill when you wanna take a break. Full bar and whirlpool just in case. Love it. Gift shop also has some nice things as well. Overall a great experience at the Orleans, definitely recommended.
4	I have stayed at the Orleans Hotel twice and both times I have been impressed with the "Bang for the Buck"  The cost of the rooms as many of the other posters have mentioned is low during the weekdays ($35) and a bit more for Friday and Saturday.  Having said that it still is clean, family friendly and just a couple of minutes off the strip.My wife and I stayed just this past weekend.  My wife saw a concert at the hotel and said that it was convenient fun and the seats were great.  The staff at the bars in the lobby are friendly and not snobbish as some of the other hotels.Two minor drawbacks. 1.  The rough looking crowd on Fridays and Saturdays cashing their paychecks at the cage...tough looking bunch but wouldn't stop me from coming back 2. Pool has a funky odor that sometimes would waft over smelling like chlorine or a funky septic smell.... not quite sure what it was but was just a bit untidy and lastly no free WiFi ... come on guys get with the 21st century
4	Had a very pleasant time staying at The Orleans. Yes, it is off the Strip but not too far. They even provide free shuttle service to the Strip. With its New Orleans-themed vibe, you can find lots to do here. From the Oyster Bar to the movie theaters to the bowling lanes! They even have an arcades section upstairs for the kids.The prices to stay here are very affordable. Would gladly return.
4	If your looking for posh digs then the Orleans wont be your cuppa, but at 36 bucks a night for mid week and $81 for the weekend this place is a Vegas Maven's Heaven. The demographic is all over the place but mostly 30 plus, not too many kids but if you do see kids they are in the arcade or foodcourt.I have experienced excellent service from everyone here and been greeted WARMLY by the staff, as a former Fairmont Resort rat/worker, a hotel that has happy staff is were you want to stay, regardless of the price you pay for the room. Speaking of the rooms , I was staying with the Scotsman in a king bed with a view the Red Rocks. Quiet, clean but granted it could use a little spicing up..but hey did I mention that it was clean and spacious? nuff said. Food wise, give the french market buffet a miss, better elsewhere, the cocktail waitresses are quick to get you a drink and the hotel has tons of food options, like the traditional steak house, Irish pub, Mexican resto and food court. Skip the Seattle's best coffee outlet and grab a java at the express coffee shop next to Don Miguel's, only open till noon, so late raisers will have to handle the in room crap or pay extra at Seattle's. Reasons I choose to stay here:(random) Free shuttle to the strip ( don't forget to tip the driver :)) Bowling Alley Movie Theaters Great service Dealers that aren't stuck up and will pause the game to kindly give winning pointers to drunk Scotsmen and their wives. Gamblers.. $5 single deck blackjack tables fill up quickly, best time to play is in the wee hours of the morning. Slots..tighter then my Scottish husband, Go to the Sahara or Bills for slots. Sahara has the best variety of slots and Bills has lots if charm. Comps, my players card was always swiped at the tables at the Orleans, but the only comps I received was a 1000 bonus club points on my birthday, still 2 days to go so I will be sweet and kind while I ask a pit boss for a free birthday meal.
3	Ok I reduced the stars for The Orleans since I last wrote. Mainly because of the lack of comps and really poor payouts at the b-connected centre. I like to gamble and although I don't bet huge amounts I play often (4-5 x per day)..and was ticked off by the random upping of the blackjack tables from $5 to $10. The service was still good but I will seriously consider staying somewhere else next time that gives more to the slot and table dwellers.
3	Let me just say this was my 1st home in  LV when I moved here in Nov 2009. I stayed here for 6 weeks before we found an apt that we liked that was available. Now granted we didnt pay for the rooms or the food but I would def. stay here if I was paying out of my own pocket.  Just cant beat the price. Oh and they have shuttles that take you to & from the strip. They do stop@ 12:30 though. pretty pool area but its not Wet Republic or anything. No clubs but the bar is Brendan's, ok hang out, cheap beer. BEDS:The beds werent that comfortable and I stayed in a total of 3 rooms during my stay here. all uncomf. mattresses. GYM:  The gym closed @ 9! and you had to show your keycard ..why? Doesnt it make sense if i swipe it and it works, I'm obviously staying here?Those foks annoyed me.PRICE: CHEAP! $35.00 a night, you can't beat that for being near the strip but not on it, so you avoid the heavy traffic getting in and around your hotel. FOOD: This place has 12 restaurants and I can proudly say that I had all 12 in the 6 wks I lived there.Miguel's: ahh. Ive had better, but what really got us was the service. One night we waited for over an hr, and needless to say even after speaking w/ mgmt about the issues we had w/ our waitress we never returned.Courtyard Cafe: Its a great place thats open 24/7. Ive had the fruit platter that is huge!! def. have leftovers and i alwys got it w/ cottage cheese. good stuff. The spaghetti deal they have after 9 pm is good. $3.99Steak and eggs was ok. Big Al's Oyster Bar: This place was really good and we ate here often. DINNER: The clam chowder is super good and very filling. I even sometimes just had a cup of soup and split dessert w/ the bf. The crab cakes were divine. The cioppino was gross.avoid!. Caesar salad was ok, but was a lil heavy on the dressing. Cobb salad was good but the shrimp on it was kinda weird. the po boy was ok but kinda messy. ok very messy. Oysters on half shell were good, but it was also my 1st and only exp. w/ oysters. my bf didnt like the jambalaya. the pan fried asian salmon is good depending on when you order. MY bf ordered for dinner and it was so good he ordered it again for lunch the nxt time we went and it was dry and gross, and he never ordered it again.I ordered the combo pan roast. and i didnt even put a dent in it. It was huge and not very good to be honest. DESSERT: We ordered the tiramasu. IT was very good.LUNCH: Im a big fan of artichoke dip, but not from here.  I also didnt like the beer battered soft shell crab. PRIME RIB LOFT: This place was upstairs and fancy. I loved it. I had a steak and my bf ordered the prime rib. I'm not a fan of prime rib b/c its very fatty. Not my cup of tea but others love it here. Canal Street:WOW. all i can say is wow. It was great. I had fillet mingon and my bf had steak. It was great and pricy, but again, like I said I wasnt paying for this. We didnt order dessert but they gave us these tiny one bite dessert spoons = kind of like the appetizers too . it was one bite but that bite was good, and free!French Market Buffet:Darn good. We ate here on thanksgiving day. This was the day we had to go bk to San Diego to get all of our stuff and trust me this place had delicious food, 1000X BETTER than the Mandalay bay buffet and so much cheaper. They even had menudo! Desserts were all good. I'd def. go back to this place. Koji:this place is pricy. Sushi was divine. (it a chinese and japanese food rest.) I ordered the Beef Chow fun, wow. freakin good. I've never eaten its equal. Bangcok 9 has nothing on thsi place. THe mongolian beef was also very good. I wasnt a huge fan of the lettuce wraps but they were ok. fuddruckers; Really good, kinda pricy for a hamburger though. I find the less topping i put on my burger the better. onion rings are good and fries are too but just pricy. Its better to share an order of fries. $20 for 2 fries, burger and shake? really ? wheres a value menu?sbarro: um. No, gross. I tried eating here twice and was just not impressed. tgif. I loved the lobster ravioli and shrimp cocktail. Bruschetta ckin was good. What was horrible was the honey mustard sandwhich I ordered. I couldnt finish it and just left it there and off we went to baskin robbins. Subway: well duh. everyone knows this place. i just always had trouble chargin my food to my room @ this place. b/c my room was in my bfs name 1st and my name 2nd. I always had trouble w/ this . especially here.. and it was normally the same females working the register? Don't you recognize me if I eat here almost everyday for lunch?Rocky Mtn Choc: to be honest they strategically put this place here so that you will have to see it everytime you go up to your room and you end up thinking about buying some chocolate something or another. Personally I never had anything that tasted all that great. This place has nothing on Godiva. Sorry Rcky mtn.(and pricy too)
4	A friend of mine got married in Las Vegas a couple of weeks ago and had the ceremony & reception in the Stardust Room here at the Orleans.  This review is of the services rendered for this event.The Stardust room is a large hospitality suite on the top floor of the Orleans.  It faces the Strip and has a small balcony for outdoor views.  The room can hold around 100 comfortably.  The Wedding Party had somewhere around that.  There's a centrally located bar and plenty of cushioned seats.  It's like having your own private Ultra-Lounge.The food served was buffet style and included a wide variety of dishes......Crab Cakes, Quiche, Crab Claws, Shrimp, Chips & Salsa, Southwestern Rolls, and Finger Sandwhiches were a few of the many dishes the bride & groom chose for the party.The servers were excellent and attended to everyone's need.  Food never ran out and the liquor flowed freely.  There was a small dance floor setup in the center of the room and there are plasma TV's on the walls all over the room.  Of course, you can configure it any way you like.Overall, it was a great event.  My friend and his new Wife enjoyed themselves and were pleased with the Orleans' Staff and Stardust Suite.  The pics I posted will give you a feel for the room.Will I return?  I'm saving this spot in my memory bank for a future private party.
3	I have stayed here several times. I like the rooms, very large for Vegas. The location from the strip isn't bad either. The facilities are OK, they lack a bit in the flair department. My big issue was that the rooms and the halls smelled awful this trip Like walking through ashtraysAll in all I would use them again, hard to beat the price and the size of the rooms.
4	Although this hotel casino is a few miles off the strip, the deals here are GREAT!!  I love how they have soo many different places to eat in this hotel.  They have TGIF, Big Al's Oyster Bar (their clam chowder is a MUST!), they have a Japanese/Chinese restaurant called KOJI's, Fuddruckers burgers, a food court with a few different kinds of vendors such as Subway, SBARRO, etc, The Prime RIb, Canal Street cafe, and a few more places but i can't remember all of them.  Whenever me and my friends go to vegas, we always try to save money by bringing in our own alcohol to drink in the room prior to going anywhere.....Well, one time we ran out of beers and had to go down to their Sundries/Liquor store downstairs and we realized that they were selling their alcohol for LESS than what we bought it for at the liquor store across the street from the casino!!! basically what i'm saying is...don't bother bringing in your own alcohol unless it's a mere convenience to you.  The sundries they have in their casino is CHEAP!! I had asked the lady cashier if it was a mistake that the henessey bottle that we bought for only $15.99 was the correct price  because the same bottle of  henessey outside the casino is no less than $19.99 and she replied that it was the correct price and that the owners of the casino only make 2% off of their alcohol! WOW! what a shock this was to me as i know for sure that other casinos usually charge almost double if not more for their alcohol. Even a six pack of budlight was only $5.79!   It sucks nowadays that Vegas is not what it used to be.  I remember about 7 years ago when i just turned 21, that drinks weren't that expensive.  If you go to the casino bars nowadays, a beer is going to cost you minimum $6.50, you can go buy a six pack with that, right??  I remember when i was staying at THE RIO a few months ago when i bought a round of drinks for me and my friends that the beers were $7.00 and the mix drinks for me and my girlfriends were like $10.00-$14.00 each!  As much as i love vegas, i'm much more reluctant now to go than ever.  What a shame.  Well, at least i found a hotel casino that's worth the go!
3	For the casino only:Nice enough casino especially because they have a section that is non-smoking.  It's great not having to fight the wasps of smoke coming from different directions.The casino is huge and there are machines and table games for anyone.  Drink service is prompt.
5	Great place to stay, especially if you have a teen w/you!!I have stayed here many times.  I love the large rooms w/a sitting area,  and that they have coffee in the rooms.  Yes, they have a $5 a day resort fee, but you would spend more than that getting two coffees from Starbucks.  The rooms need to be upgraded w/flat screens, but they are clean.  My 14 yr. old loved the pool, and the arcade.  We also saw a movie here.Of course this place is not as trendy as the Wynn, or Paris, but all areas of the place are clean.  What I love most about the Orleans, is that I get free rooms every month.
1	Absolutely horrible experience at this Hotel/Casino. The first room (non-smoking) reeked of cigarette smoke and some incredibly nasty fragrance trying to mask it. The second room had a broken bathroom sink. The valet service was extremely slow. They took 30 to 45 minutes to bringour bags to the room. The room service food selection is pathetic. Never, never, again. I'm checking out asap, and moving to a different hotel.
4	another great 4 nite visit to the ORLEANS. rooms a little dated, but clean. GREAT customer service, food and gambling!! will continue my loyalty to the ORLEANS.
4	First time we stayed here. Will certainly return. We were drawn by the inexpensive rooms, which turned out to be pretty spacious. Made a reservation for two queens, but was able to get a king room for our stay. The drain in the shower was slow, but other than that the room was clean and comfortable. The staff was very friendly.Tried the 16oz T-Bone special in the Courtyard Cafe. Good deal for only $12.99. There were also complete meals for $11.50. Joined the B-Connected program and received vouchers for two free nights. Timely shuttle service to the strip. We will be returning.
5	This review is @ 3 months late since I stayed there this past August for 3 days and 2 nights.First off before I went to Vegas I did a lot of searching of reviews of Hotels in Vegas for 3 or so days. I started out searching here on Yelp then went to most of the Travel Sites and read the reviews there. I ended up rechecking the reviews back on Yelp to end with.I have a Comp for a two night stay at ANY Best Western that I choose. (This is what first made me think of the Vegas trip was for the "Free Rooms" I would get at a Best Western). Then I started looking at the other deals to be had in Vegas and the criteria for my search changed.First it was just going to be the wife and I getting away for a couple of days. Then I changed it to the two of us, my 3 year old and my then 6 month old. It would also include my Mother-In-Law that is staying with us so we could have a "built in babysitter" to go out alone at night.I needed 2 queen beds, room for a crib, a coffee maker and a refrigerator. (The requirement for a strong shower is always a hope that only gets realized when you actually hit the room.)I narrowed it down to 3 choices that I found. First was a deal for a 2 room suite at Circus Circus that had 1 queen and a queen sofa sleeper. The second was at the Luxor that was the same. The third was the deal at The Orleans. It was 2 nights in an "Over-sized Room with sitting area, 2 queens, coffee machine with 2 Dinner Buffets and 2 Breakfast Buffets included for $102."I read @ 85 reviews about The Orleans and most of them were 4 or 5 star on different sites. All of the lower reviews seemed to be isolated incidents and/or people expecting MGM style and service at $35 a night prices. I also first heard about The Orleans from reading reviews about their sister property Bob's or Bills, I forget which one.When we got the The Orleans I was pleasantly surprised. When I turned left on Tropicana and went over the freeway I saw that it was actually a big Hotel taking up at least a square city block.I parked and went in to register. Since the kids were in the car I asked the Valet to bring over a cart for the bags. I went out back to the free parking lot and ditched the car. When I went inside I was expecting the long lines I read about on the Internet for Vegas Hotels. I found my family sitting in a little couch section of the lobby waiting for me. There were only 2 people ahead of me in line which was nice after a 10 hour drive.I gave the desk clerk my ID and reservation number. She pulled everything up and was checking me in. I wanted to be honest about a couple of things with them at registration so I wouldn't get any surprises at check out.(On every single web site for every Hotel in Vegas the specials were for double occupancy-2 people. It was anywhere from $20-$50 for each extra person per night. It was an extra $10-$25 for a crib per night. It was an extra $10-$25 for my 3 year old per night.) I told her that when I placed the reservation on line I had put in 4 people to include my 3 y/o and Mother-in-law. I didn't know what to put for my 6 month old though. She called over the Supervisor and asked about having 4 people in the room instead of 2. She saw on the sheet I had printed out that I did put 4 people. She also changed the occupancy to 4 in their computer. She said that it was the same $102 rate I was quoted. She also said that "The next time you stay if someone ever tries to charge more than what you have quoted from the Internet, they MUST honor what you have on your confirmation printout." The first girl then asked me if I needed a crib for my baby. I told her yes and that I knew it would cost extra. She told me that "Cribs never cost extra here at The Orleans". I looked at the Supervisor and she was agreeing. I mentioned that because of all this I was having an excellent trip to Vegas so far. It was just too bad that there wasn't a fridge in the room. She told me that if there wasn't a fridge in the room they could send one up for me again at no charge. I told them OK. that would be great.We got up to the room and I was VERY surprised at the size of the room. It was literally almost twice the size of a "Deluxe Room" in Reno at the bigger Hotels. It also had the Coffee, Fridge, Sitting area with 2 couches and coffee table, and a huge bathroom. I jumped in the shower to wash off the 10 hour ride and found that my hope for a strong shower was waiting for me. The shower drained like it was supposed too also. (I read numerous reviews complaining about shower and sink drains all over Vegas.)I just ran out of room in this review and had to delete a lot. SO I'll keep the rest short. The Buffet in The Orleans was very good. It was a lot cheaper than the other ones in Vegas ($14 for dinner) and had a good selection. The next time we go to Vegas we will definitely be staying at The Orleans.
4	Didn't stay but a very nice place to play.  Won at craps two weeks ago Tuesday (nice dealers) and at the Subway I ordered $5 sub at 9 in the morning.  Always stop there when I'm in Vegas.  Bowled there one time $1 a game after midnight and nice liquor store in the casino.  Also went to a hockey game last year.
5	What can i say about this casino! Its one of the BEST casinos off the strip. Why you ask? First the rooms are clean, they have the best low-roller poker tourneys $75-$100 no-limit. They have a good buffet with all kinds of food from BBQ,Chinese, Mongolian, Pizza, Desserts etc.. The gaming is good, the sports book rocks!! Its very easy to get in and out the casino and parking lot area. Its only about 3 blocks away from the strip. They have a subway, 31 flavors, i think a Seattle best coffee? Dan Miguels mexican food which is very good, TGIF and Big Al's Oyster bar.. The hotel security guards are sitting right next to the elevators which makes me feel safe and they are always patrolling the parking lots. They have a bowling alley! Games are $1 after midnight and the hotel is very kid friendly.
5	We like staying here cause WE can gamble while the kids are in the on site childcare!!
4	I came here with my relatives while we briefly strayed off the strip. They were happy with the buffet and the Mardi Gras beads they received for signing up for the players club. Joining the players club does have it's advantages like we did receive a whole dollar off each of our buffets. There are lots of slots to choose from which is pretty entertaining to try different ones. The one that caught my attention the most is the machine called the Siberian Tiger. It's probably because it did give me 41 free spins during a bonus. The more Tiger eyes you get the more spins you receive. You need to at least get 5 to trigger the bonus. The staff is very alert here because I did witness a young family trying to take pictures of their children sitting in front of the slot machines. They put a stop to that in about 2 minutes or less. This is still a good casino for families because there is a bowling alley and a movie theater here that you can take the kids to.
3	I came here only to see a show.  The show was awful, so I'm glad the tickets were free.  Because the show was so bad, I left for a while on the pretext of going to the ladies' room.  Well, not really a pretext, because I did that pit stop, too, but I stayed out a while longer to play a couple of penny machines.  I put in $5, walked away with $14, and hated having to go back to that show!  I didn't spend enough time in the casino to really rate it, so the three stars are really from previous visits.
3	This local casino's theme of Orleans is well thought out and represented to the best of Vegas' ability. Boyfriend and I were lucky to get complimentary rooms from his dad. We were able to enjoy two nice night here. However, we did have a long trek to our room. We even timed the walk. A 2 minute walk. The rooms itself were decent. 70's built but still holding strong. And it was of a good size. They had a good size casino and the dealers were friendly. I didn't know how to play roulette so the dealer and players helped me out. I did lose but it was fun while my 20 dollars lasted. They also have a bowling alley, kidsplay, arcade and theater. Good for the kids.
4	I decided to head to Las Vegas at the last minute for New Years weekend, and got a great deal for 4 nights at  The Orleans. I knew this was an off the strip hotel that catered to locals and tourists so my expectations were low. When I arrived I decided to valet my truck and have the bell man take up my bags. I got a very icy reception from both individuals, as they grunted a few words as I put my own bags on the cart. I just figured Id give them the benefit of the doubt since it was cold out side and they must be grumpy. I arrived to the front desk to check in and again was greeted with half smile and a front desk person who wasn't very friendly, rarely spoke to me and did not smile once. As I headed to my room, i thought well for the price i guess i cant expect to much. But things started to turn around. The gentleman who brought up my bags was very nice and friendly, a few minutes later, housekeeping was at my door welcoming me and letting me know they were there 24 hours if I needed anything. The housekeeping staff was always friend and nice and greeted me as I walked down the hallways. The rooms were ok, stock hotel rooms that had the basics. .  They do have newer remolded rooms for a higher price, but it is Las Vegas and I don't spend a lot of time in the room, so it was fine. The rest of my trip was much more positive. We ate at two of the hotel restaurants. The first was Canal Street. One of the hotels nicer restaurants. We had a wonderful steak diner and was reasonably priced. The steak was cooked to perfection and the  loaded baked potato that was delish. The service was superb and had the best waitperson who chatted up with us while we enjoyed our meal. We ordered the chocolate fondu for dessert but found it cold and and not very tasty. I had two martini's that were made to perfection.  Defiantly a place to check out. The second place we at quite a bit was the Courtyard Cafe. For hotel cafe food, this place was pretty decent. The menu consisted of standard cafe food of burgers, sandwich's, salads and breakfast. We ate there mostly light night/early morning with a limited menu. The rest of the time they have a full menu.  The food was good and again great service by wait staff that were friendly and engaging.  On the 4 times we ate there we had nothing negative at all with the food or staff.The gambling and bars were fine, standard slots, and drinks were the same as any other casino in town, and the bar staff were friendly and drinks were poured well. Upon my leaving, I had the bell desk take my bags down and valet to get my truck and I must say the service was much better than when I arrived.  Everyone was nice and friendly and helpful a much better crew than when I arrivedAll in all The Orleans Hotel is decent place to stay if you don't want all the glitz and glamor of the hotels on the strip. Reasonable prices with pretty much a friendly atmosphere and decent rooms. I would defiantly stay there again. Its a good place if you don't want to spend a lot, don't mind something off the strip .All in all a good stay.
4	Off the strip casino.  It's huge.  Big poker room.  We came for the tournament but got the time wrong.  It's at 7pm.  Didn't end up waiting for it.  Came back later at night to go bowling.  They have a huge bowling alley.  Moderately priced games.
3	A lot of fond memories at this off-strip place.....decent places to eat...good movie theater and bowling area....miss GAMA being here
4	We stayed here because we came during the CES show, and prices on the strip were CRAZY (e.g., like almost $600 a night for a room at Luxor for God's sake).I liked this place and wouldn't mind staying here again next time I don't need to be on the strip.The standard room we got was good sized and comfortable.  I would rate it as squarely mid-range.  The decor is dated, but who spends much time in their room in Vegas anyway?  It was a short trip, so we didn't take advantage of a lot the amenities of this property, such as the restaurants, movie theater, bowling alley, etc.  The casino is nice.  It's a good deal larger than some other off strip properties.  Drink service was great.  I've noticed a decline in the quality of drink service at a number of strip properties, but they take great care of you here.  It reminds me of what used to be standard protocol in Vegas.  All in all, if you miss the old Vegas of good service, good odds, and good value for your money, you just might find it here.
4	Decent casino with tons of interesting people.  You can get some of the best drink deals here i you search or ask around a little bit.  This side of vegas is always a blast
4	I stayed at The Orleans for two nights and definitely enjoyed my stay there. First off, as other Yelpers have mentioned, this hotel isn't located on the strip so if you don't have your own transportation available, I wouldn't recommend staying here. However, if you do have your own set of wheels, accommodations at the hotel are reasonably priced and the drive is about 5 mins away from the strip. The rooms are spacious as well, I was surprised to walk into my room which had a full king size bed, a 6 drawer dresser, two end tables, a loveseat, an arm chair, desk, full size bathroom and huge closet. Honestly, if you and a bunch of your friends want to share a hotel room, this room alone could accommodate up to 6 comfortably - you'll just have to ask for extra pillows and blankets. Check-in was super fast and friendly; checking out was even easier. The only drawback was that parking wasn't gated if you wanted to self-park. other than that, I had a great time and would recommend this place to family and friends.
4	I must say that I was pleasantly surprised with The Orleans. I recently stayed here for a 4 day business trip and I can say that I was glad we ended up here. I expected an older, or noticeably "dirtier" (no not that kind of dirty..Jeeeesh!) experience, more akin to the Stratosphere or Excalibur...But was pleasantly surprised. The hotel rooms were new-ish, with flat screen TV's and carpet that looked to have been recently replaced. The casino was well appointed and hopping the entire time we were there. I particularly liked the several bars that were situated in the center of the casino. Each with a sort of "Cajun" theme of course, but this gave me several options as I like to grab a seat, play a little video poker or blackjack to get my free beer on.  I ended up loosing my "spending" money pretty quick, so to say the tables we un-kind to me would be an understatement, but we had fun. My buddy won $1000+ on a Wheel of Fortune slot, so I may have to try that next time, JERK! . The restaurant selection here was also par to above par. They have a few "in house" options such as the buffet and a steak place, then they have some chain type places like TGI Fridays and a chocolate factory. We didn't stop by the steak place, but did sample the other offerings and left happy. The buffet was about on par with MOST Vegas buffets. It was regionally themed with "action stations" featuring Mexican, BBQ, Asian and Italian foods among others. All in all, I will stay here again and would recommend it if you don't mind staying "off the strip".  A nice little change to the hustle and perverted bustle of the strip. Although, I can imagine the "beads be a flowin" here during Mardi Gras!
3	I stayed here between Christmas and New Years.  Having booked my stay a few months in advance I got a really great rate.  They were taking walk ins at over twice what I paid.  This was the first time I had stayed off the strip in over 20 years.The cons:I am a smoker and was surprised the smoke smell affected me the first time I walked in.The room I was in showed a lot of wear and the carpets were stained.The pros:The room was quite spacious, the chairs comfortable, as was the bed.  Every employee I dealt with was pleasant and helpful.There was a good selection of eating places, I did not get to try them all.  I was unimpressed with the ability to watch whatever I wanted at the sports book but after wandering around I was able to find a bar with any game I was interested in.  This is definitely a place that caters to the locals and I spent several hours at the bars watching games and chatting with them.  Definitely a different feel than staying on the strip.  The two afternoons I went off to the strip the shuttle proved to be very handy.  I went up to the bowling alley and wished I had a ball with me, it was a nice looking facility.  Beers are less expensive than on the strip by a bunch.Overall this is a place I will most likely stay at again.
4	thank you for giving me free rooms 3 times!  please offer me more so i can spend more money at your casinos.only con i have the orleans is its rather odd smell in the rooms.  but, i can't complain.  this is one of the older hotels, but ask for a room with a view of the strip, it's rather a great view to wake up to.24 hour fuddruckers, 24 hour bowling, movie theater, TGIF...not bad for a hotel.  totally affordable on a person with a budget for sure.Hotel Theme: New OrleansRecommendations for first timers: Most $5.00 tables.Service: 7/10 Variety: 8/10, Parking: 10/10 marc out.
3	This is a solid local casino to bring friends who visit from out of town.  Here's why:- It's near the Strip.  Located a couple of miles from the Strip, it's easy for friends staying on the Strip to get here by cab or rental car.  It also saves us from driving to the Strip to visit them.- Great selection of slots & table games.  When friends ask me...."where's a good place to gamble?"....I send them here.  There's something for everybody....and the video poker pay tables are above average.- Arena.  The special events arena is great to watch concerts and specialty shows.  Over the years, we've gone to horse shows, halloween parties, and concerts in the arena.  It's small enough where there's not really a bad seat in the house.- Decent food options.  The food options here aren't bad.  For the discriminating foodie, there's a Friday's located in the middle of the casino.  My favorite place is Fuddrucker's....which is located near the poker room.- Movie theaters.  The movie theaters here are pretty good and always have the latest movies.  They keep the theaters in pretty good shape.- Buffet.  The buffet here is decent, not great, but decent.Overall, we always have a good time when we are at The Orleans.Return Factor - 87.8%
4	First and foremost I have to really praise this place and the housekeeping staff. I had left my bag in my room when i checked out and did not realize it until i got home to california. I had very expensive things in that bag including perfumes, hair starightner and curler etc.... When i called and spoke to the front desk she got in contact with housekeeping and they located the bag. I thought to myself "oh great they located it but is everything going to still be in it when i receive it in the mail"? I received my bag about 3 or 4 days after calling and guess what EVERYTHING was in there exactly like it was when i left. I was so Happy!!!!! I like the rooms also. They are pretty spacious and big with a nice big window and view. The only complaint i have is there really disgusting gross cafe!!!! Ewww sooooooo gross. My family has tried it twice and both times we were so disgusted. I even got my money back for my husband hamburger. He asked for well done and i swear the middle was raw and cold. My bacon even looked undercooked and i asked her to have them make it crispy. Those strips were sooooo flimsey. YUCK!!!!! DO NOT EAT AT THE CAFE... THE SERVICE ALSO SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	As  low roller, I like that I can easily get comped and well taken care of at the Orleans.Just spent 7 days there and had a lot of fun and had an enjoyable stay.If there is anything they could improve it would be to add FREE Wi-Fi in the rooms and to upgrade the TV's.But other than that, no complaints.
4	OK...  Its not much to look at...  And you won't have any celebrity sightings, or feel cool...  So why 4 stars?  See this list below, from a seasoned restaurateur and gambler!  I come here 3x a year!1)  Most generous comp system of anywhere I have ever been for table play.  Comps are handed out by the pit-bosses, so make if you are playing over $25 a hand consistently for over an hour, you check in with them before you leave and see if they can do anything for you.  If you plan on playing multiple times during a day, of course wait until the end of the day to check in for what they can do on rooms, restaurants etc. for that night or the next day.  COMPS ARE NOT HANDLED WELL BY THE PLAYERS CLUB FOR TABLE PLAY or the casino hosts - check directly with a pit boss.2)  Everything is super cheap.  You could drink yourself blind at any of the casino bars with $20...  And lots of specials for happy hour, etc.  I am a wine guy, so I don't use the bars here, but I have ordered a couple beers, cocktails through the years and always found I was reaching into my wallet for too much money, before they told me what I owed them.  Consistently cheap food, cheap drinks, cheap rooms and reasonably priced entertainment and spa.3)  Things to do - bowling, concerts, pool, spa, etc.4)  Clean rooms.  So to be clear these rooms are not spectacular in any way, but they are spacious and clean.  Never had a dirty room there.  Outdated, yes, but clean.5)  Prime Rib Loft - simply the best prime rib I have ever had.  Its not the most tender, but it is super flavorful and plentiful.  They have a 22oz bone in Prime Rib with all the fixins (salad, veggies, and baked potato with everything) for like $23.  However, you really MUST order it "Cajun blackened" to get the great flavor.  Because its blackened, it tends to come 1-2 degrees "warmer" than you order it.  So if you like Medium Rare, order Rare. If you like it Rare, order it rare, and emphasize that to the server that you want a red center, and you will get medium rare, or maybe rare if you are lucky.  I have had to send back a couple cuts before that were overcooked, and they happily replace.  But that Cajun rub on that bone in prime rib is just plain insane kinda good.  And when you pair generous comps with cheap restaurants, you have the perfect storm.  Now be prepared, the diners here will not be upscale, nor super-sophisticated, nor will the waiters be (wine list is grocery store wines), but the service is good, and the food is good.  If you are a foodie or a wine person, I encourage you to bring a special bottle in to have them open.  The crystal isn't fabulous at all, but they don't mind and charge a reasonable corkage fee.  I find that when I want just the right steak and just the right wine, its time to bring my own anyway, so the limited wine list doesn't bother me.  Of note, the manager of this restaurant is very attentive and runs a tight ship.  Again ambiance will be a huge let down for any foodie, but just come and get that prime rib (Cajun rubbed / blackened) and get out!Other notes - if you are looking to eat on the cheap, I would avoid the buffet and hit the food court or the diner.  The diner is actually pretty darn good, but I was disappointed by the buffet.Give it a try.  If you can get past the decor and lack of trendy stuff, the Orleans casino and restaurants are a great find.
4	We booked a regular room for $50 a night.  Very comfortable & looked very clean.  Although after my kids ran around barefoot on the carpet the soles of there feet became semi black.  If it wasn't for that it would've been a perfect stay.  They have a theatre & bowling alley & a huge kids playground where you can drop off your kids & pay them to watch over them.  The poker room is a good low limit place.  THe 1-2 no limit goes on all night & usually have pretty big stacks, loose action. (weekday).
5	We stayed here for one night during President's Day weekend.  Since my wife had never been to Las Vegas,  the $40 room rate was the perfect excuse to introduce her to Sin City.  Besides,  I needed an excuse to get away from the cookie cutter master planned community of Irvine.  As we arrived to the hotel,  we opted for the free valet parking (score!).  While we were unloading our bags from the car,  the valet attendant noticed that we were trying to gather everything and asked if we needed a bellhop.  Without hesitating,  I told him yes.  Within a minute,  we had a guy with a cart helping us load our bags and was given a ticket to call for our bags once we got checked in.  It was nice not having to ask for one and to find a very attentive and helpful employee.  So far, so good when it comes to good impressions.Check in at the front was a breeze and I told the check in guy that it was our first visit to The Orleans.  He gave us a room with a view of the Strip and a coupon book loaded with resort discounts.  I think we used one coupon which was a 2 for 1 coupon for the 24 hour bowling alley.  We also signed up for the player's club so we could get credits for gambling and the all important $1 discount at the French Market Buffet .  (You get more discounts than that for signing up) The nice thing about the check in area was that you were bombarded with smoke from the casino.  In fact,  there were signs saying that there was no smoking near the front desk area.  The room was a decent size and the beds were very comfortable.  There was someone's lip balm on the floor, but that was one of two minor glitches with the room.  The other glitch was that we had a leaky faucet in the bathroom sink.  We called the front desk about the leaky faucet and the problem was attended to within minutes.  The only thing I would add would be a fan for the bathroom area.  Other than that,  rooms in Vegas are meant for sleeping and bathing only.The nice thing about The Orleans is that they are one of the few Las Vegas resorts that have a child care area: Kid's Tyme.  Since we had our 9 year old daughter with us,  we dropped her off there while we went to play 5 cent video poker in the casino.  Our daughter loved Kid's Tyme and her biggest complaint was that her time there was way too short.  90 minutes.  The charge for their services is $6.50/hr from Sunday-Thursday and $7.50 on Friday and Saturday.  Looks like they have quite the set up for kiddie fun with a huge chutes and ladders jungle gym,  Wii and PlayStation games and movies.  We promised our daughter that we will let her stay there longer on our next trip.The casino area has a lot of machines and a great selection of penny and nickel slots/video poker.  My game of choice is Deuces Wild video poker and there is a good sized non smoking area for those who don't like being bombarded with other people's cigarettes.  They take the whole New Orleans theme to the max with Mardi Gras masks, fake alligators and fake crawfish adorning.  We even got Mardi Gras beads from the casino cashier without having to flash her.  I think we would have had a meeting with casino security if we did that.  My only complaint is that the machines were a wee bit tight.  I played on $20 on Deuces WIld for 90 minutes.  The only drawback was the drink service was a bit slow.  However,  the drinks are free and be sure to tip the server so that she returns ofter.  The 24 hour bowling alley is huge and is a very good value. After midnight from Mon-Thurs ,  the price is $1 a game plus $3.25 shoe rental. My daughter and I bowled two games and both of us had a great time.   We ate breakfast at the French Market Buffet.   Service was very good, selection was huge and the price was right at $6.99 with the player's club card.  Sweet potato pancakes, chocolate waffles, grits and a array of delicious breakfast foods.  The omelet station was very good and there were a wide array of ingredients including spinach, shrimp and jalapenos.  From what I hear, they do BBQ ribs and crawfish real well and will have to do lunch or dinner the next time we come back.Overall,  we had a pleasant experience at The Orleans.  The staff was very friendly, the room was comfortable and the whole environment was like a Vegas megaresort without having to pay the megaresort price.  Since we are player's club members,  we are now eligible for room  discounts on our next booking.   We will be here again on our next visit and would recommend this to anyone who is going to Vegas with their kids or without their kids.   I know it's about a mile from the Strip,  but there is a free shuttle that takes you there up until 12:30am.  We will also take advantage of that service on our next trip.  Some people want to be near the action of the Strip,  but sometimes it's OK to be away from the chaos.  The Orleans was the perfect fit and we are looking forward to being a repeat guest,
4	I kept wondering why my bff loved this casino and now I get it. Great gaming, nice, clean big rooms. None of these 6:5 payments on black jack. The real old school deal. And there's something for everyone here. Bowling, movie theatre, buffets, sushi. what else could you ask for. It's off the strip, easy to get to, and has plenty of parking. I likes it a lot.
4	The Orleans is a great way to do Vegas on the cheap. Rooms are affordable, there are a a ton of reasonably priced restaurants, and it's clean. Also, it's just a $10 cab ride from the glitz, glamour, and price-gouging of The Strip.
3	My husband and I had a free stay here a month or two ago. I was reluctant about staying here because I really didn't think it would be more comfortable than my place. It was okay and the bed was comfy. It's not the fanciest place but it takes care of your basic needs. There were little accents around the room like an etching of a rose on the window by the shower. It doesn't look as festive in the rooms as the outside does. They also have free wifi in the hotel lobby .
4	Several reasons why I still really like The Orleans.+Huge bowling alley in the hotel! With cheap bowling+Prime rib French dip at the Courtyard Cafe. +Buffett with diabetes friendly banana cream pie, stir fry station, and Mexican station.+I spotted Guy Fieri from the Food Network.The location is also pretty close to the strip and In & Out Burger...
5	Hands down a not-so-secret secret gem in Las Vegas. It offers a great casino, good value, and lots of amenities. Pretty good selection of video-based games, and they also offer a great array of lower-budget table games. I enjoyed playing $5 blackjack on most parts of the day and night. Cocktail waitresses are quick to offer a beverage to patrons, as well. My favorite part of this place is the bar near the main entrance of the casino. They had  $.25 video poker, good microbrews, and a great cover band that plays on most nights. I'm a big Selena Quintanilla fan and there's a Filipino-Hawaiian band that plays Selena cover songs on a regular basis. I love it.I'm a big horse racing fan. This is one of my favorite places to play the ponies or some type of professional sporting event. There are lot of windows and tellers available. I have been here on a handful of times to bowl tournaments. It is very nice. They keep it up to date up there. There is a large movie theatre, food court, and an array of buffets and other sit down eating places. There's a decent amount of variety. The food court is open 24 hours and offers a good value for dining, especially considering the similar types (and mind you more crowded and  expensive) of dining options you have on the strip. I also visited the Orleans Arena, and it should have its own review, but I am too lazy to make another one. I went to see the San Jose Sharks AA affiliate, the Stockton Thunder, play at this particular arena. As a fan of the away team, expect to run into some drunk, rabid fans of the Las Vegas Wranglers, and a few idiots that don't know much about hockey. Seats for a 5th row ticket on centre ice will run you about $21.00 per person. Good seats, comfortable seats, and if you hang out on smoking terrace, you will see an absolutely beautiful panoramic view of the Las Vegas strip. I have nothing but a lot of good things to say about this place. It's not over the top classy and nice, but it isn't a crappy place either. I say I'd be coming back several more times when I return to Vegas.
4	this place was awesome. this was my first time in vegas and stayed there on a package deal. nice rooms, good food, nice pool, and fun bowling alley. prices there are reasonable and the staff is pretty nice as well. i will be going back again.
4	Oy Vey, OrleansSO WHAT if this place isn't  right on the strip..SO WHAT if it isn't the newest and trendiest casino & hotel there is...&& SO WHAT if the time we stayed there two floors were drenched with water from the sprinkler system (faulty system, possibly an arson attempt, or some idiot being dumb)YEAH, my floor was obviously not effected by the water damage but I'm almost POSITIVE they got compensated with money, stays for the next million years, and freebies galore!!!  But I digress...You can catch the shuttle to the strip OR stick around to enjoy the many on-site conveniences like the movie theater, bowling, food court, restaurant dining, and of course the casino & bars! They even have a little spot for live entertainment on the weekends. Super old school charm and in need of a makeover. BUT HEY, they gave us a two bedroom suite upgrade with 6 TVs & two bathrooms. That's a thumbs up in my book!
3	Stayed at the Orleans for the WAC basketball tournament.  Normally I would not stay here since it is futher away from the strip, but since the majority of our time was going to be spent here, I thought it was a good idea rather than cabbing it back and forth.  It was a good call.  The rooms are older (they still have brass headboards), but it was clean and roomy.  No one in our party had any complaints.  The arena is really nice, perfect for the size of our conference.  There are plenty of restaurants and entertainment to keep you at the hotel, but the shuttle was surprisingly very dependable to get to the strip.  Look foward to next year!  Go Aggies!
4	I've stayed here a few times in the past several years, and out of all the other hotels I've stayed at in Vegas, I always feel right at home here.Maybe it's because:* It's off the strip yet super close* They have free valet parking or a self parking lot* The rooms are super reasonably priced* There's a multiplex movie theater in the hotel* The pool is big and nice and has a huge area to lie out around* They serve Starbucks coffee at the Java place downstairs* The food in the hotel is pretty good* Housekeeping is 24/7, so you leave a message and they respond to your requests quicklyOr maybe it's really because:**I WON $1,000 AT THE POKER MACHINES HERE YEARS AGO!!  WOOHOO!!!**Heeheee - when I was here with a couple of friends this week, I said hello to the machine that paid me out years ago = D.Our room was clean and comfy, with 2 king sized beds and a sitting area with a couch and easy chair.  The 3 of us each had our own sleeping area, with one of us on the couch, which worked for all of us.We requested extra towels and blankets and sheets and pillows a couple of times, and they brought them pretty fast.  Plus one morning we saw huge fans blowing into a few unoccupied rooms, drying out newly cleaned carpets, which is nice to know!The only downside was that the wireless was extremely poor coverage in the room we were in.  But I saw people with laptops in the lobby, so maybe we were just in a bad spot.We played a little cards and poker and slot machines, which was entertaining yet uneventful.  But even when I don't win money here, I leave with good memories!
2	Nice rooms, friendly support staff (not cocktail waitresses) but terrible ventilation. Non smokers must avoid. Buffet at French market is good value but it is a buffet. Don't expect tasty food. Dont be suckered into playing table games or slots and expecting a drink. Was here for business so $40 rooms & $5/day resort fee was acceptable. Plan on paying ala carte for everything from daily Internet (get an iPhone) to $1.25+/page for a printout of your boarding passes. Would stay here again for biz conference, convenience only, but not as a first choice.
5	Just when you thought it was safe to stay away,  the lure of decent rates and value comes back to haunt you.  Which in our case is a good thing.This time around, we stayed for three nights.  Nothing much has changed and the service was just as good.  There was a little glitch with my room key, but the problem was eventually resolved.The only drawback is that there is no free WiFi in the rooms.  While I did not mind getting free WiFi at Java Vegas,  I think the Boyd Co. should join the rest of the corporate world and offer the service for free or as part of the resort fee.The pool area was really cool.  It's not the MGM Grand or any of the Strip resort pools,  but it was clean and well maintained.  They did have rafts for rent, but we were content with swimming and cooling ourselves off in the 90 degree Vegas heat.  There were a lot of kids in the pool,  but would you rather have them in the pool area or running around the casino area?  Overall, there were plenty of lounge chairs and room to move around.We enjoyed the French Market Buffet on our first two nights.  Our first full day, we purchased the all day buffet pass for $24.  While the price was well worth it,  we ended up getting burnt out on the buffet after two days.  The beef ribs and the accompanying BBQ sauce are to die for!  They did have crawfish for lunch and dinner and it was pretty good.  The gumbo and the cream of mushroom soup were very good too.Like I said before,  The Orleans is a great choice if you are looking to  stay at a megaresort style place without paying the megaresort price.  You get a lot without having to pay a lot.  And a childcare area is a major plus for families.  Once again, we will stay there again on our next trip.  But next time,  we'll sample some of the other hotel buffets in the area.
1	I lost $4000 playing blackjack and they tell me I cant play anymore?  They will not give me a chance to win it back!!  Don't gamble here.  Contact me for details.
5	I could not get a room here for the awesome Viva Las Vegas rockabilly fest, held in April over four days, but they put on an awesome event.  They had a pre 60's car show, Jerry Lee Lewis performed at the car show.  There were two stage upstaris and 3 stages downstairs with live music and/or burelesque almost 24 hours.  Drink prices were not bad.  Most stages had a dance floor also.  Could of used more seating. Most of the fast food locations stayed open 24 hours for the event.  A lot of great acts like Los Staightjackets, Crown City Bombers, Stompy Jones all for $95.  This place has the best priced entertainment in Vegas.
3	I just can't believe I paid $47 (oh plus +$6 for "things" like "free" parking) for a huge room with a king sized bed. The cleaning staff is very deligent and do a very good job. However, like a hair cuttery, the get you with the "extras". For example, the internet is $13 per 24 hours of access. I liked that I could get in even though I was a guest of the person who's name was on the room. One thing you CAN get for free is a shuttle to the strip. And even the $8 airport shuttle was reasonable.  DON'T go if you want to watch tv. They TV's are the old CRT sets, and you only get 10 or so channels. I liked that they gave me free drinks ($4-6) for gambling on the video poker.  :)
4	Stayed here for the first time for Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly weekend. Amenities and customer service was awesome checking in, plenty of bars (4) and was able to just about fit the 8700 people that came for the event throughout the weekend. Only drawback is that the cafe food was just o.k, and the beds are hard as hell. The Pool area was rad and the bar was very handy. Can't wait til next year!
4	I was here for the Rockabilly Weekender, and well it was effing amazing! This was a really nice location--fairly close to the strip for when you wanted to check that out, a lovely pool for lounging, and plenty of food options in a variety of price ranges.I wish I had the chance to go bowling while I was there. Or take advantage of the spa. The staff was super nice with all of us invading at once. Tho the maids came ridiculously early in the morning and continued throughout the morning. I highly recommend having 'do not disturb' on your door while sleeping unless you like "Housekeeping! Housekeeping! Housekeeping?" at 8am. I might have made a sleepy Family Guy reference before rolling over.There IS free wi-fi in the lobby at the Java Vegas coffee shop. The music selection was strange, completely ADD at best. Depeche Mode, Culture Club and Kelly Clarkson in an hour? My brain isn't up to that, esp not first thing in the morning. And by first thing I mean before noon.
3	I spent three nights at The Orleans with my husband and some friends for the VLV Rockabilly Weekender. It was our first time in Vegas, so I've never stayed in one of the mega hotels on the Strip. Things I liked: - The price. I don't remember what we paid per night, but it totaled about $200 for all three nights. - The room was huge. The bed was huge. There was a phone in the bathroom. There was a bathtub - I LOVE having bathtubs while on a trip. - Free shuttle to the Strip. (It's not far, so a cab could be reasonable, too) - I didn't use the pool, but had a perfect view from my room. It looked really nice, spacious, with some chairs and grassy areas. Looked clean, too. - Bowling alley! - There is a convenience store type place with some souvenirs and giant cans of beer, and a liquor store. - Decent drink prices. - We didn't have a car, but there is a huge parking lot. Things I didn't like: - The main floor especially was incredibly smokey. I'm a non-smoker, and after about a day in the hotel my throat started to hurt pretty badly and feel kind of inflamed. We were walking around some other hotels on the Strip and they seemed WAY better ventilated - I could hardly notice the smoke in some of them. The Orleans should really try to improve on this somehow. It was disgusting. - The front desk person upon check-in: She was polite, but she didn't give us any information other than our room number. It would have been nice if she told us about the dining options, how to get to different places (pool, bowling alley, movie theatre, etc.), internet, etc. I'd never been to that hotel before, how was I supposed to know? - Cell reception in most areas of the hotel (for calls and texts) was terrible. Really inconvenient if you're meeting up with people, etc. - Some jerks down the hall from us decided to hang out with their door open when we were trying to sleep, talking really loudly. I was just kind of surprised at just how loud it sounded in our room. I mean, they were a few doors down and it sounded like they were standing on our bed. - $12.99 a day for spotty wi-fi. We ate at the Mexican restaurant a couple of times, which was pretty decent. I think sub-par Mexican in the SW USA is still better than "good" Mexican food in Northern Alberta. We decided to have breakfast at Fuddrucker's for about $8 each rather than getting the $14.99 buffet. I still can't get over how much butter they gave us for one slice of bread, but it was alright. The food court also had a Subway and Sbarro, and there were a couple of other restaurants we didn't try. I don't gamble, so I don't know if the selection of games and machines was good or not. I would have no problem staying at The Orleans if I were to go to Viva again, but if not I would probably opt to try out staying on the Strip.
4	Great price for the rooms! Fabulous pools. Nice decor. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay!
5	A+ once again.
2	Just got back from a couple of nights in Vegas for a reunion.  The cheapo buddy who organized it, picked the Orleans as lead hotel.  In that I had not seen most of the guys for 10+ years I felt it would be most fun to stay at Orleans.  This is a hotel that is way off the strip, Felt like a much older crowd as opposed to Cosmopolitan where it felt like you were surrounded by 20-somethings.. You need a car or take a taxi ($15-$18) to get to most places.  It is 2.4 miles to Bellagio for example, a bit too far to walk after having drinks.  The rooms are dated, no flat screen tvs, water in bathroom has that sulfur smell, new fixtures saved it a bit.  The room I had was huge,( cost $51 a night which included tax and resort fee)like a mini suite.  Too much second hand smoke walking around casino, sportsbook and restaurants, no real bar/night life other than gambling.  Does have a movie theatre and bowling alley as part of the complex.  Food and drinks cheaper than the strip for sure.  Would I stay here again, probably not, the savings on room, is lost on cost of cabs and lack of other nightlife.
3	The hotel was very nice. Everything you need was withing walking distance.  The food court had some shops that were open 24/7.  The one thing that made this hotel/casino unique to me is that it had it's own arena as well as a show room.  My only complaint is the number of outlets in each room. We only found one in the room and one in the bathroom.  That would be fine if it was only 1 or 2 people, but we had 4 people sharing a room.  With all of our cell phones and laptops, 2 outlets were not convenient.
4	I've stayed at The Orleans with my husband and family many times over the last two years. The rooms are clean and once you frequent the hotel, you get promotions for free rooms. There is a movie theater, bowling alley and food court. A cab ride to the strip is about $10. All the restaurants are great, especially Big Al's Oyster Bar. I dine there everytime and it never disappoints! There is valet and self parking. They also provide a shuttle to the Gold Coast. The only downside is that there can be noisey kids running around sometimes. Overall, i love this hotel and highly recommend!
3	Drove in with the kiddos and the Mr. from a couple days at Dizzyland to visit family and arrived at 10pm.  Valet and the bellman weren't busy and were very quick to help. A bit of an older hotel  with no real lobby except for the couple of couches right next to the slots.  Holy smokes does their ventilation system need updating.  It wasn't as bad as those horrible hotel/casinos in Reno but please consider upgrading/updating your ventilation.The man at the front desk to the Mr. they oversold on rooms (on a MONDAY!?!) and we were upgraded to their 2 bedroom suites.  At $35/night rate upgraded to a $400/night suite?!? That alone earned them 3 stars.  I hate the hotels where the elevators to the rooms are 5 miles from the Front desk.  Fortunately The Orleans elevators were just down a bit from the front desk.  You'll pass a Rocky Mountain candy shop (Chocolate Caramel Apple!!) as well as their gift shop on the way.  There is security at the elevators and you have to show them your key card to gain access to the elevators, though I'm thinking it's more for show than anything else.  Most of the time the security were talking to other security or not paying attention at all.  To gain access to the top floor you need your room key.  The 2 bedroom suite was nice and big.  You enter and you are in a living room/dining room/wet bar area.  On either side of that room is a bed room.  One had a Cal King, the other has 2 queens (each with its own bathroom).  Each room had 1 large flat screen and another small flat screen, 1 on the bathroom countertop and in the living room above the wet bar.  The NOT SO GOOD:-The bathroom... ugghhhh... how I wish I had taken a picture.  The light above the tub had dead bugs in it and no I'm not talking about 1 or 2 bugs I'm talking about half of the light fixture being covered in really really BIG dead moths  and the first night at least 2 big bugs crawling around inside.  The next morning they must have died or escaped because there was no movement at all.  In the other bathroom there were less bugs which was good 'cause my little person (AKA kid) was freaking out about those darn creepy bugs.  -Some of the molding was rotting and the shower glass doors seems like they were going to fall off if you open them just right.  -You had to pay for WIFI (boo).  BUT you couldn't hear any noise from the hallway and the room itself didn't smell like an ashtray AND the carpet didn't turn your socks black or even gray for that matter.  This alone gave them another star as dirty carpets gross me out and will make me never return to your establishment again (though I had to take their 4th star away as those bugs are still giving me the me the heebee jeebeeies). They left a notice under our door saying they were shutting the water off in the hotel for 4 hours (1am-5am) for maintenance.  They were also getting their windows washed and had a notice in the room as well.  Getting our car from Valet was a bit of a pain.  There were at least 4 valet guys just standing around talking to one another while people were waiting for their cars.  There were at least 5 other people/families needing there cars and only 1 real guy who was hustling back and forth.   we did play in the arcades to satisfy the little people's craving for some fun.  Games ranged from 1 token up to 8 tokens and my little man, after an hour and $20, walked away with a bow and arrow, couple tiny plastic dinosaurs and a deck of cards.  We didn't partake in the bowling or movies but it was nice knowing those things were there to entertain the little people should they had decided to start driving us nuts.  Luckily we have good kids! ;)  I'd return BUT if they upgraded me to a suite again I'd make sure the bathroom was bug free.
4	Okay, my wife and I were very leery about this hotel in the beginning.  It reminded us of a hotel in Laughlin.  Long story short.  We are never going back to Laughlin.  It was that bad.  Anyways we were very surprised how nice the Orleans ended up being.  For starters, the employees were very nice when we stayed there.  I really appreciate good service.  Secondly, the rooms were clean.  There was only one complaint though about the room.  They didn't have a good comforter on the bed but we ended up calling room service for more sheets.  So problem solved.The action was good when we stayed there.  The blackjack table wasn't too stingy.  The dealers were overall nice.  Only one female dealer didn't have much of a personality.  Saw her hours later.  Same thing.  She didn't even smile once.  Must of been having a bad day.  Oh well.They have a movie theater and a bowling alley in the hotel.  My wife and I passed because those are things we could of done back home.  But the highlight of the hotel I thought was the Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory shop right before you get on the elevator to your room.  I couldn't resist getting something sweet before heading upstairs to our room.Overall it was a very nice stay at the Orleans.  For someone who usually stays at other places in Vegas on the strip.  I really enjoyed our stay here.  I would definitely consider staying here again.
4	Really surpassed my expectations.  Had a great time here without the attitude and ego that the big name places on the strip have.  We had a deal for $30 a night.  When I arrived I asked if there were upgrades available and we were upgraded to a suite for one night and a room on the 21st floor for the rest of our stay.  The rooms on the 20 and 21st floors are much nicer than the other floors.  Table games were great.  Plenty of $5 tables and friendly players and dealers.  Main complaint has to be the smoke.  I think The Orleans just happens to attract more smokers than other hotels.  Also the tables are pretty close to each other, which makes the smoke problem worse.  Every time I went to gamble they only had one non-smoking blackjack table.  They really should open up some more because this was the first casino I've been to where I saw people wearing breathing masks. This should be an obvious hint to the casino owners but Im guessing they must be smokers too. Buffet isn't good but it's cheap so I'm not going to complain.  The bowling alley was nice to have and games were only $1 each after midnight with $1 drafts at the bowling alley bar.  The  movie theater was also very good, with the latest movies and digital projection and $8 matinee ticket prices.Overall, enjoyed my stay very much and this is my new favorite hotel.  I used to stay at the Venetian, Palazzo, and Aria, but for the money and convenience, The Orleans really is the place to go when you just want to relax and have a good time without having to flash your money and six pack abs around.
5	I got this room for my birthday recently.... The staff is friendly and the room is worth the $30 i paid... Even the front desk experience was quick and painless. There are several affordable places to eat at 24 hours a day that you can take up to your room to enjoy.... Sbarros, Subway, and Fudrukkers, not to mention you have 24 hour bowling and a movie theater (closes around 11pm).....I'm planning another stay here soon, this time for a couple days in a row.
4	I decided to vegas a few weeks ago all by myself so I can have some "me time", and I didn't know what to expect. I stayed for 4 days, and I was never bored. I went to the movies (twice), didn't eat at the same restaurant twice, went to the strip a few times, (the orleans has a free shuttle to and from the strip every half hour) and went to the great spa and salon for some well overdue pampering.My room stay was very reasonably priced, and of course, gambling is always fun!Stay at the orleans! It off the strip, therefore it's cheaper! More money for gambling! :)
4	I threw my partner's 50th birthday celebration here and was thoroughly impressed! Having a background in the restaurant/hospitality industry makes me a person of particulars per se. There were numerous details that I wanted executed with perfection. The Orleans nailed each and every one of them. The sales & catering department were helpful, professional and accommodating. The food and service were excellent. The customized birthday cake made by the off site baker was excellent as well. I highly recommend this venue for your event!
4	Just came off another recent trip to the V-Town.  Orleans as always was reliable and a good experience.OK...  Its not much to look at...  And you won't have any celebrity sightings, or feel cool...  So why 4 stars?  See this list below, from a seasoned restaurateur and gambler!  I come here 3x a year!1)  Most generous comp system of anywhere I have ever been for table play.  Comps are handed out by the pit-bosses, so make if you are playing over $25 a hand consistently for over an hour, you check in with them before you leave and see if they can do anything for you.  If you plan on playing multiple times during a day, of course wait until the end of the day to check in for what they can do on rooms, restaurants etc. for that night or the next day.  COMPS ARE NOT HANDLED WELL BY THE PLAYERS CLUB FOR TABLE PLAY or the casino hosts - YOU MUST check directly with a pit boss when you leave a table after a good sitting.2)  Everything is super cheap.  You could drink yourself blind at any of the casino bars with $20...  And lots of specials for happy hour, etc.  I am a wine guy, so I don't use the bars here, but I have ordered a couple beers, cocktails through the years and always found I was reaching into my wallet for too much money, before they told me what I owed them.  Consistently cheap food, cheap drinks, cheap rooms and reasonably priced entertainment and spa.3)  Things to do - bowling, concerts, pool, spa, etc.4)  Clean rooms.  So to be clear these rooms are not spectacular in any way, but they are spacious and clean.  Never had a dirty room there.  Outdated, yes, but clean.5)  Prime Rib Loft - simply the best prime rib I have ever had.  Its not the most tender, but it is super flavorful and plentiful.  They have a 22oz bone in Prime Rib with all the fixins (salad, veggies, and baked potato with everything) for like $23.  However, you really MUST order it "Cajun blackened" to get the great flavor.  Because its blackened, it tends to come 1-2 degrees "warmer" than you order it.  So if you like Medium Rare, order Rare. If you like it Rare, order it rare, and emphasize that to the server that you want a red center, and you will get medium rare, or maybe rare if you are lucky.  I have had to send back a couple cuts before that were overcooked, and they happily replace.  But that Cajun rub on that bone in prime rib is just plain insane kinda good.  And when you pair generous comps with cheap restaurants, you have the perfect storm.  Now be prepared, the diners here will not be upscale, nor super-sophisticated, nor will the waiters be (wine list is grocery store wines), but the service is good, and the food is good.  If you are a foodie or a wine person, I encourage you to bring a special bottle in to have them open.  The crystal isn't fabulous at all, but they don't mind and charge a reasonable corkage fee.  I find that when I want just the right steak and just the right wine, its time to bring my own anyway, so the limited wine list doesn't bother me.  Of note, the manager of this restaurant is very attentive and runs a tight ship.  Again ambiance will be a huge let down for any foodie, but just come and get that prime rib (Cajun rubbed / blackened) and get out!Other notes - if you are looking to eat on the cheap, I would avoid the buffet and hit the food court or the diner.  The diner is actually pretty darn good, but I was disappointed by the buffet.Give it a try.  If you can get past the decor and lack of trendy stuff, the Orleans casino and restaurants are a great find.
4	I love this place!  The room deals are great, 550 sq. ft room, 20+ dining opinions ranging from elegant to fast food.  The Orleans is 5 mins from the strip.  Really easy to get on and off the interstate hwy.  Valet parking is quick, self parking is ample, and they have Fat Tire Ale on tap.  I need to book a trip to Vegas. . . .
4	I like it. The only complaint I have about this hotel is that it's off the strip. I figured off the strip was maybe 2-3 blocks and from the view from our hotel room, it didn't look far, but when we took the shuttle, it was probably a good 5-6 blocks if not more. But there's a shuttle, and it's free, so no complaints from me.The $20 trick works here. I was with a buddy of mine and we got upgraded to a view of the strip, but were offered a suite. It was one bedroom and...well that would have been awkward.Overall though, we needed a cheap place to stay and we got our money's worth. Next time though, I'm probably going to go with something closer to the strip.
4	We stayed 2 nights at this place and its was great! And for $29, you really can't complain, given it was a Thursday rate, but still. We were close to all the places we like to go and everything was convenient. I used to work for a 5 star hotel near there, very close, and I would honestly say I would stay there again, sure the decor must be updated, but still a good stay for my family and me.
4	The Orleans is a GREAT hotel if you want to have an overall excellent experience in Las Vegas without having all the hassles associated with staying on the strip.Excellent off-strip location that is about as easy in / easy out as it gets. The rooms are HUMONGOUS and CLEAN!  Not ultra modern with flat screen tv's  and marble bathrooms but the rooms at The Orleans are as big as my first apartment after graduating college!The fitness center is ENORMOUS and CLEAN!  Lots of ellipticals, treadmills, stationary bikes (upright as well as recumbent), weight machines free weights, medicine balls, stability balls, free towels, a water dispenser, flat panel TV's and disinfecting wipes so you can wipe down the equipment before and after your workout.  An ENORMOUS movie complex.An ENORMOUS bowling alley.An ENORMOUS casino floor that is SPACIOUS lots of table games, slot machines, video poker and a HUGE sports book area!BARS, BARS and more BARS.More dining places than you expect... and best of all they include tons of KNOWN establishments!  TGI Fridays, Starbucks, Baskin Robbins, Subway, Fuddruckers, etc.  If you want a great steakhouse... it's here.  A buffet?  It's here.  Mexican?  It's here. Italian?  It's here.  A 24hr cafe?  It's here.They offer free transportation to the strip if you don't have a car or don't want to be bothered with all the hassles of driving on the strip on a weekend night (great way to burn a tank of gas!).  The parking is free... and AMPLE!  Both in their covered garage and in an open-air lot (though this can get your car uber-hot!).The rooms offer wi-fi at a reasonable cost if you need BUT there is FREE WiFi downstairs at the coffee place.The staff is VERY friendly and VERY helpful.  We've been staying at The Orleans hotel for at least the past 10 years and have never once had anything less than a fabulous experience. HIGHLY recommend.  The only reason it doesn't get a 5-star review is because it's not as high-end and trendy and modern as a lot of the hotels in Vegas now.  But it's also not as expensive and hassle-filled either.  Yeah, give The Orleans a try.  HIGHLY recommend!
4	My favorite hotel in Las Vegas.  I engoy being off the Strip.  I'm also not an upper-crust type.  I like the blue-collar feel of the Orleans, while still maintaining a beautiful property.  Used to stay at Rio alot, but Orleans has a 24 hour restaurant/coffe shop and other ammenities that I like.  Pool complex is better than Rio.  Always look forward to my visits to Orleans.
4	I stayed here for one night on 7/3/11. The room rates are cheap...I loved the rooms. The rooms are like a studio apt. They are very clean...The casino was nice. Housekeeping was awesome. When you check in, they offer coupons for everything.  I will definitely stay here again.
3	place is usually clean, but very heavy on the smoke..its hard walking through this place sometimes...and the fact they have a movie theater and bowling they have to realize kids come through as well
1	EEEKKK GAWWWD! What a nightmare! Nothing worked, the staff were rude and the rooms were filthy! The door keys would spontaneously not work, even after several resets. It was a LONG walk from the room to the front desk to have the key reset. To have the key not work several times a day was a miserable inconvenience. The staff were incredibly rude...I went to the front desk to inquire about the business facility and was told, "Lady, I told you yesterday." I responded, "Well sir, I wasn't here yesterday so you did NOT tell me yesterday..." No apology, just a disgruntled  sigh...SERIOUSLY? The pool bar attendent responded to my request for ice with,"Look darling, I'm off the clock, I can't give you anything." Fine, I understand you are "off the clock" but you at least could have pointed me in the direction of the self serve water and ice table... AND DON'T CALL ME DARLING! The rooms were superficially clean, but infested with cockroaches, and very stained carpets. The place is a total DUMP! Stay away....there are plenty of other places where people need their jobs and can treat paying customers with dignity and respect.
4	We go to Las Vegas every 3-4 months. For  an off Strip hotel, we usually stay at The Orleans.  We like this place, especially for a good local and friendly atmosphere. There is a good variety of restaurants and the drinks are inexpensive.  The room we stayed  is always good and clean, and the bed is very comfortable. My only suggestion is that you should ask for a room not too far from the elevator or you might have to walk a long way to your room. That's only because of the layout of the hotel.
3	The whole place was a little dirty, and definitely outdated - but the price is right!Everything was fine.  Nothing was great, but everything was fine.  I love the food court just off the casino floor - nice to have lower-cost food options in a Vegas casino.Staff was very polite and helpful.
4	I haven't stayed her overnight yet, but i was recently here for Viva Las Vegas, and spent much of my trip in this hotel (I was here more than the actual hotel I stayed in). The hotel is *gorgeous*! The casino is a decent size. The food selection was great too. A TGIFridays, Fuddruckers, Ice Cream, buffet, diner, and a few other places. The hotel was super accommodating to everyone attending VLV, they even stocked rockabilly clothing in the gift shop for the weekend. If I didn't know where a particular event or class was, the staff was very helpful in helping me find it. The pool is gorgeous! I spent an entire morning there and I definitely miss it! One of the nicest pools I've seen. Overall, my experience here was excellent. I would give it 5 stars but I didn't actually stay in a room, so I can't rate that. But my girls and I have already booked a room here for next years Viva and this is the hotel I would stay in for sure whenever I'm in Vegas.
3	Second stay in 9 months and would still go back. We did run into a couple bumps in the road, but overall a good experience. This time we traveled with the kids and this hotel offers some family friendly options. Check-in was smooth and we were in our room quickly. One 'bump" was housekeeping. Since there were four of us we asked for extra towels (3 bath towels wasn't going to work). It took several tries before we got our towels. On the second day we found that one of our credit cards had been charged for the whole stay, second "bump". An issue because this was not the card I gave at check-in and had paid cash for the room. The desk was apologetic and contacted our bank to have the charge immediately reversed. Can't beat this place for the price, even if it is off the strip. The B-Connected program is excellent, saved $.05 per gallon of gas at the Rebel station, while enjoying discounts on food and slot play during our stay.
3	came here for a date night while lolo and lola watched the baby. i'm kinda liking their new residence.the hotel is relatively old. i don't mean in the sense that it's dilapidated, but, more so that it's like the downtown hotels. like the fremont, or lady luck or main street. the populace is similar too. older crowd, lots and lots and lots of families. the day we were here they had dance competition on campus. lots of kids. lots. they also offered a lot varied dining options for said crowd. our room was very spacious. there is even a small sitting area. the bathroom, though very classic looking, was also spacious. the funny thing was there is a window in the bathtub that opens! opens! never seen that before in a vegas hotel. also unlike most vegas hotels, they offer a shuttle to the strip. gets kind of crowded though. better than nothing.the pool is the most outdated part of the property. the chairs are those old fashioned plastic strapped kind. the pool itslef is basic, circular in design. there is also a separate kids wading pool. the jacuzzi is nice, it's probably the most modern part of the pool with a rock formation in the middle of it. i guess it's fun to sit in a 110degree jacuzzi when it's 110degrees outside the jacuzzi???!!!?? the hard part about the pool is it sits so close to the building, making it difficult to get full sun exposure till about noon. i did like that there is no smoking in the pool area, considering how many kids are out there. smoking only at the bar. at least we know we can take our daughter here. there's nothing wrong with the hotel. it's just not like the vegas hotels we usually frequent with dancing jiggly girls on poles or an inordinate amount douchebags wearing sunglasses indoors. overall, a nice hotel. we'd probably only stay here again if we came with our daughter. the hotel is extremely family friendly.
2	We were here because we were participating in an event at the arena.  If this is the case with you I would suggest staying here because it really simplifies things.  No busses or cab rides, and it's easy to be on time.  Other than that, I think there are a lot of better options in Vegas for similar money.  The room was nice enough, but there is no door separating the shower/toilet area from the rest of the bathroom, so only one person can get ready at a time.  The TV is sub-par, as is the TV station selection.  Housekeeping was prompt with our request for an extra pillow and some more towels on day one, but completely ignored our request for one more pillow on day three.  The casino is smokier, but perhaps a little bit brighter, than most of the other big rooms.  You know the young, buff, well dressed people you see in everyone's casino adds?  Yeah, they don't come here.  This is a locals joint, populated with wrinkled older ladies and haggard old men that look vaguely like the the pics in the sex offender registry.  That, and families-like ours that are there for arena events.  If you're going to bring the kids to Vegas then this place would be OK as it is not as morally offensive as some of the other places (not a go-go dancer or faux stripper in sight), and the pool is kid friendly (and full of overweight pasty midwesterners-like me).  But if you're coming to Vegas for fun and to gamble I would suggest staying on/nearer the strip.  Don't get me wrong, this place isn't awful by any stretch, but with so many better/flashier options out there for the same money, why stay here?
5	This could be my favorite hotel in LV(not just because of Rockabilly weekender). It's completely affordable, they have all sorts of eats(even a TGIFridays and a food court). It's huge! Also includes a movie theatre AND a bowling alley upstairs. You can come here and not even have to visit the strip your whole trip and have a wonderful Vegas experience(only kidding!).
4	Another year another stay....you can't beat the $30 weeknight group rate for the NPAF yearly stays.Rooms are pretty clean and nice (but compared to the newer ones, is a bit older). Easy to find parking. Gambling? They give you your money back! Thanks Orleans! Had another good stay in 2011!
4	Californians who open a player's card and gamble moderately will be offered free rooms once every 2 months with free food and betting credits given.  That being said every time I've stayed here has been comped so I may be a little easier on them than a full paying patron.Check In...is pretty fast at all times, agents will range from 2 to 6 in number depending on time of day, you will be provided with as many room cards as you need and a coupon sheet with discounts of nearly every amenity available inside the complex (shows, food, spa, etc).Room Quality...I've stayed in their standard deluxe room and consider it a Holiday Inn.  The rooms have always been clean, with no musty odor, but nothing to go crazy about.  The carpeting and bathroom is a bit dated, and the air conditioner (which is attached to the window) is very loud.  Those who are not easy sleepers, may want ear plugs maybe, but isn't a problem for me.  Housekeeping and front desk is very fast to bring more towels, replace your broken dryer or iron or open the safe the last patron left locked.  Their tv sucks (the old bulky type) with only a handful of channels.  But you don't come to vegas to watch TV or sleep that much for that matter.  The bed is not very firm, but because it has a pillowtop plush thing on top.  It's comfy tho, feels somewhat like a tempur-pedic.Casino...One of the best low-baller casino available outside of Downtown.  Most blackjack is $10 min (on Fridays & Saturdays) and rest of the week $5 ones can be found.  Roulette is generally $5 min at all times.  You will find plenty of bj, roulette, craps and baccarat tables...with a few Let It Ride, Pai Gow and 3 Card Poker Thrown in.  There are lots and lots of slot machines here...more than most strip casinos.  The comp program is okay, if you play a lot of slots you should have enough points for food after a day...if at the tables, you do need to stay at the tables for a very long time and make small talk with the pit boss for food.  Cocktail service is very good and the drinks are generally strong enough.Bowling, Movies, Spa, Pool, Food...I don't bowl but their bowling alley is huge and pretty affordable.  For movies I hear it's all stadium seating, but I don't come to Vegas from California to watch movies.  Spa or Pool, never used but I didn't hear great things about them.  Food...their Courtyard Cafe is excellent with affordable eats (esp after midnight) and good service.  Their buffett is not rated so highly, but supposed to be better than Gold Coast.  The chinese/japanese restaurant here is pretty good and the Oyster Bar is pretty popular.  TGI Fridays...is TGI Fridays..and the Prime Rib Loft, I have yet to visit.  There are several fast food chains including Fuddruckers, Sbarros, Baskin Robbins and Subway for those who want to eat cheap.All in all, this is a very nice place to stay and gamble, especially for those on a budget and with a family.  All the employees are pretty friendly and competent, and the aura of the place has a nice cajun spice.  Free internet by wifi, by the coffee shop (near the front desk) or pay an arm and a leg to use in your room.  Also use of a coffee maker with 2 starbucks single use valet coffee.  You pay an $8 a night resort fee for this service (which also helps fund the shuttle, spa and fitness room) but those who are comped don't have to pay :-)Lastly...the parking here is easy (park in front or inside structure) or use the valet service (which is very fast)...there is a shuttle to the strip (stops at Bill's Gambling Hall on Flamingo/LV Blvd) but on friday/saturdays it tends to run full, so be prepared to wait for the 2nd bus to come (only 30 or so can fit in a bus, and is also shared with Gold Coast).  Take a cab or drive if time is of the essence.
3	The Orlean is what The Orleans is.What it isn't: brand new, on the strip, recently renovated, fancy.If you're looking for a standard hotel that is affordable and close to the strip, ding ding, you have a winner.  The rooms are "suites" per say, but they're really just larger rooms with larger bathrooms and a sitting area.  Not too shabby, not too fancy, but they do the trick.The pool is pretty big, which is nice, but the pool bar is only open until 5 PM - a little odd considering the pool itself is open until 9.
2	Used to be one of my favorite spots to stay, but I think the Boyd Gaming takeover had taken it's toll.  They now have too many lame table games and I could not find a $5 BJ table on a Friday night (if I want to play $10, I'm going to go to a classy joint like the Bellagio, which was offering such and have good drinks).  Weak drinks.  Lame daily $6 resort fee which they sadly try to justify by the list of benefits like "free local calls" "free coffee in room".  It's just gone a bit low end with ads for a pedicure that includes a free toe ring in the elevator.  One plus was the bed was excellent and room spacious with couch, but TV is old terrible picture, no fan in room, shabby desk, loud AC (but did work well).  No door between shower / toilet and sink area annoying.  Price was $100 for a Friday.  I feel one could do better at this price and since low stakes tables hard to find during prime time, I would rather stay somewhere else from now on.  I will say that during day on Saturday, there was a nice batch of $5, double deck Blackjack with all the good rules.  However, based on the fact that I want to stay close to where I plan to gamble, and prefer $5 tables, I probably won't stay here again.  Pool was not  a happening place, either.  And pit boss during evening was mean when I asked about the $5 tables.
4	This is different from other reviewers as we came from with the kids (ages 11 / 8).  We weren't here for the gambling, late night, hit-the-Strip experience like previous trips.  Here's how it broke down for a family trip:The hotel/casino was great for the price.  We were pleasantly surprised.  It is located just off the Strip and we rented a car, but they provided a shuttle that ran approximately every 20 minutes to Bill's Gambling Hall right in the middle of EVERYTHING.  We took the shuttle once, just so we didn't have to deal with parking, and while it was nice and easy getting to the Strip, getting back later in the day was a little trickier since there were many more people wanting to get back and there was a line and a wait for the next shuttle, etc.Hotel Atmosphere:  fun New Orleans theme, though I thought they could play a little more band music than 80's stuff just to coincide with the theme, but still great (who doesn't love the 80's)?  For being off Strip, this casino was jumpin' even on a Monday night.  Always plenty of people around, mostly at the $5 tables.  Given the current economic state, they probably could have converted the empty $100 tables to $5 so more people would be playing instead of waiting for a spot to open up at a $5 table.Check In/Customer Service:  we arrived later in the day (8:30 p.m.) and check in was super quick and very, very easy.  We were given the number of room keys requested and were given the choice of a lower floor or higher floor.  Look at the coupons they give (free ice crm @ pool + more). Stellar cust. service. I accidentally left the lights on all night on my rental car and came out to a dead car the next morning.  Went to the front desk and explained the situation.  Within 3 minutes security was out there with jumper cables and we were on our way.  Room:  Because we had the kids, we had 2 queen beds.  The room was spacious with a little living room area, bathroom was big and everything was very clean.  Dated?  A little.  TV was a dinosaur and we wished there were more channels, but usually people aren't in Vegas to watch TV.  The beds were comfy and  the A/C was a little noisy, but overall we were very happy for the price.Pool:  I loved the pool.  Nothing fancy, but very clean, plenty of lounge chairs (we never had to fight the crowd for one), plenty of towels, great pergolas for shaded area when it got too hot, separate baby pool area, only open to hotel guests so it wasn't crowded at all.  If you are traveling with the kids who are not babies and don't need constant attention but want to keep an eye on them, you can see the whole pool from pretty much anywhere except for the occasional palm tree trunk obstruction.  There is a section for ping pong with mist fans for comfort.  We did not go into the hot tub since it was over 100 degrees while we were there so I have no comment on that.  The bar was nice and had daily specials and the snack shack has treats or you could order from the restaurant cantina for poolside delivery.  You could also rent a cabana for the day (we did not).  I think it's $50 and has a table and chairs, fridge, TV and ceiling fan.  Some people rented a raft for ($10/day).Buffet:  eh.  Pretty much what you expect from a buffet and it was my fault for agreeing to eat there.  Lots of variety, but in my opinion, no one could ever get cooking for the masses right.  It is what it is, though the staff was very friendly/helpful and the place was clean.Other eateries:  We didn't try them all, but there is a Fridays, Fuddruckers, Subway, and Baskin Robbins from what I saw.  We ate at Fridays for dinner one night and it was like any other Fridays, but with exceptional service.  We had breakfast at Fuddruckers one day (I didn't know they had breakfast) and it was fine, though a little pricey.Casino bars:  we went  to one and it was NOT the Alligator Bar, but one that is closest to the stage shows.  We went to this one every night because it was the only one that offered this double IPA that my husband LOVED.  The story goes that the owner of the hotel (I don't even know if it's one owner or a corporation or whatever) also owns a brewery on Main St and this is his own brew.  If you like an IPA, here you go.  Wines were OK.  I favor reds and there was no malbec, no shiraz, but I was able to get an OK merlot.  Nothing fancy.  Bowling, Movies, Games, Kids Club:  we chose this hotel for these amenities. We were so busy at the pool, the Strip, Red Rock or the Fremont District that we never used them, but it was nice to have them there just in case.  We would have used the kids club, but we didn't know that Nevada requires your kids' vaccination records to leave them.  We didn't have them with us, so we were not able to take advantage of this.Overview:  Def not 5 stars, but great value and a clean environment.  Great for family travel.
3	The rooms here are nice. If you dont mind staying a few minutes from the strip this place is perfect. Although I'm unaware of the prices, it seems like its reasonably priced. The bathroom was very nice. I especially liked the sliding door. Its also slightly sectioned if you have someone showering and someone tryna do their makeup. The size of the rooms were perfect we had 5 girls and we all fit perfectly. They even had a darling little seating section. Overall great place to stay if your in the Vegas area. wouldn't recommend the dinning selections tho :/
5	love love love this place!!! always stay here when I'm in Vegas (about once a month) It helps I get comped, but I would stay her anyways.  The rooms are clean and the staff is very helpful.  It doesn't have all the bells and whistles of strip casinos but its affordable for both staying and playing.  The waitresses, bartenders, and table staff are very friendly and not at all obnoxious like strip dealers and so forth.  They have a big pool, decent priced drinks, a food court, TGI Fridays and other restaurants.  They even have a cool little lounge that has cover bands so you really never need to leave the casino.  For us "regulars" its the perfect place to go to relax and a cab ride to the Palms is around $6.  Can't beat that!
4	This might be an older casino, but the fam and I did not mind. For my little sister's graduation, grandma and signed up for a casino membership and received two comp nights just for signing up. And of course we used them so that we could stay there for the graduation and not worry about rushing around. The rooms were big, not fridge though. The pool was wonderful, but they are only open 9am to 9pm. They have a lot of restaurants such as TGIFs, Subway, Canal Street, and much much more. Then there is Rocky Mountain store where just about everything is CHOCOLATE. We had a nice time staying there.
3	Pros: 1. 24/7 bowling alley with 70 lanes. If you go after midnight on a weeknight, the games are a dollar a game. The bowling alley is actually rather nice and actually have shoes in half sizes and balls of every weight and size.2. Decent arcade. 3. Cheap. 4. Shuttle running every 30 minutes or less that drops at Bill's Gambling Hall (between Flamingo and Bally's across from Caesar's Palace) and the Rio (across from Palms - the party hotel). 5. Kojiri (Chinese/Sushi) is decent food at a reasonable price. 6. Movie theater in the hotel. Cons: 1. The Shuttle only runs from 9am to midnight so if you want to have a party night out, you'll be cabbing it back. 2. Old. The carpets are worn. Much of the decor is dated. 3. Buffet. The dinner buffet was sad. Wilted lettuce with brown spots on the salad bar. Over boiled corn on the cob. Flavorless cuts of meat. 4. Pool. Dinky and overcrowded.5. Terrible temperature control in the rooms. The air conditioner blasts on until you get chilled and need to put on a sweater, but then cuts off long enough for you to strip off the sweater and then start sweating. There's no way to get and keep a room at a comfortable temperature. Other information: There is the Dejavu adult emporium across the street in one direction if you are interested in shopping for some wear-once-and-tear-off lingerie, "marital aides," or adult videos. There is the Dejavu "gentleman's club" across the street in another direction if you would like easy access to a strip club. All-in-all - If you have to stay off-strip, this isn't a horrible way to go. The shuttle makes it more convenient and cheaper to get to the strip than staying on Fremont St, and there are quite a few family friendly activities. But do your homework. Often, the Orleans is not any cheaper than NYNY which has a rockin' location, Excalibur which is family friendly and has a great location, or Circus Circus which is also very family friendly.
3	The Orleans hotel is cool. I liked the feel of it. The rooms are basic but the bathroom we had was nice and spacious. Like most hotel rooms I would have liked more outlets near the mirrors because when your with a group of girls you'll need the extra outlets. Other than that the casino was nice. I pretty much lost all my money on the slots so be aware of you play those. Also I would I have liked the food selection be better. The buffet that was offered here did not entice me. The line was too long and the food did not looked delish. We instead headed for the exit and ate at Fridays
1	My hubby and I checked in here on Sunday, 9/4/11 because it was a comped room as we are a part of their players club.  The lady at the front desk who checked us in was very nice and got us checked in really fast.  There was little to no wait in line which was nice as I know that check in at some hotels can be a nightmare.  We were assigned a room on the 14th floor...I believe it was either room 1485 or 1487.  When we first walked into the room the first thing I noticed was this overpowering smell of B.O. (body odor).  It was like someone who never wore deodorant in their life decided to roll around in the room or something.  The room just reeked!  It just hit you in the face when you opened the door.  Horrible!!!!  The room itself looked a bit dated and dingy.  I was a bit afraid to stay in it personally as I told my husband if it were okay if we slept with the lights on.  We tore the bed apart as this place looked like it could harbor bed bugs.  No bed bugs between the mattress.  But I did find what looked like a strawberry blond pube on the pillow on the next bed  (we had two queens).Thank heaven my father in law happened to have a spare comped room at the Rio, as my hubby and I didn't even want to bother with complaining to the front desk about the odor of the room.  We just gathered our belongings and left.I don't think I will ever stay at the Orleans even if they offered us free rooms.I will still dine however, at the restaurant in the Orleans... The Prime Rib Loft.  That place is pretty clean and the food is pretty good.
2	I always judge a property by it's parking situation first and foremost. The Orleans parking lot is the Kia Sportage of hotel parking lots: small, amateur and an accident waiting to happen. It all goes downhill from there.The Orleans is probably the second saddest off-strip property behind Boulder Station. It's about 2 miles off strip and sits in what I like to call Naked CIty redux as it's within walking distance of a couple of adult retail shops. Unless you're pulling into the entrance off of Cameron St. and/or are familiar with the property, finding the parking garage will be an all day affair. There's no helpful signage and the lot you're dumped in if entering off of Trop or Arville is tiny and poorly constructed. If you can't even get this most very essential components of your hotel correct, why should I have any faith in the rest of your establishment?The theme is, duh, New Orleans, but they pay homage to the city with tacky mardi gras beads that are throw on everything and at everyone. Their mascot is a corny looking alligator and his likeness is everywhere, right down to four neon alligator heads jutting out of the center bar in an almost menacing way. It's so painfully hideous and unattractive, I refused to go sit at the bar for a drink. I imagine the drinks are cheap just because the nature of the hotel is cheap.The one two things I can credit The Orleans with is that it did not smell that badly of smoke (did they have the carpets replaced recently?) and it has a movie theater. Other than that it has nothing new or unique to offer and if I'm going to go to a locals casino I'd rather drive 30 minutes out of my way to GVR.Also, The Orleans Arena is home  the Las Vegas Wranglers hockey team. I'm not into hockey, but if you're into that it's something fun to do with friends and family that's easy on the wallet. To put it in perspective,The Orleans is just a sad piece of property sitting across from the city's best Irish pub (McMullan's).
5	We love this hotel! Cheap prices, good food, great pools, and plenty to do!
1	Stayed here for Mr. Olympia 9/15 - 9/18.  Room is dated but roomy.  Elevators are slow and packed.  Arena seating is almost ridiculously uncomfortable.  Made me question why they didn't sell seat cushions...ouch.Nice selection of restaurants.  The breakfast buffet omelets were nice.But the lasting memory I will have is the complete lack of customer service and if I could give negative points, I would.  After the first night here, we started counting the cocktail waitresses, bartenders, and hotel staff with incredibly hostile attitudes.  But then we lost count.  I have to mention that there was one bartender who was amazing and who didn't have some sort of negative retort for the people he served.  I'm curious; what rationale is there for management to allow snarky behavior?Our work has customer service elements and we understand how rude or entitled some patrons can be.  Which is why we go out of our way to be nice and appreciative.  I was appalled at the attitudes and the level of entitlement of the staff at a fairly emply hotel (save for the retirees and conference attendants) this far off the strip.Ps.  Busing is abysmal.Pps.  Thank god for the movie theater.I could cope with bad parking, a lack of pillows in the rooms, a toilet that didn't work, loud A/c, waking up to a domestic incident in the hallway...but attitude (and sarcastic retorts) when ordering a beer or asking a simple question at the front desk?  Really?
4	The first time I visited Vegas a couple of years ago, my hubby and I stayed here. I can honestly say that if you have a vehicle or friends that can come pick you up... or if you don't mind taking a cab to the strip... this is the spot for you. If you want to eat good on a budget, you can't beat their specials there at The Orleans (where else can you get a rib eye and eggs for a few dollars?). They got a slammin' buffet (seafood and food from all over). Remember to make a stop at Big Al's Oyster Bar... it's a must. I had fun the hotel PERIOD... the strip was bonus. Room/Turn down service there is really good. The bed's were comfy. There is NO view though... if you want a view of the mountains (ask for that) but from the window you can see the XXX stores LOL I loved it still. For our first visit, it will still good times.
5	I love the Orleans. Great parking garage. The restaurants are awesome. Loose slot machines.
5	I love to stay here. Last summer we took all the kids and the son-in-law. Ages 13, 25, 26, and 28 . We booked two room for the six of us. The parking in the front of the hotel is packed, just drive around to the back and they have a four story parking garage. The garage is usually close to empty. I don't think most people know it is there. I normally pay $80 a night, but with the economy the way it is, we only paid $30 a night. It cost us $300 for two rooms for 5 nights, that was tax and all. The buffet is ok and the restaurant good. We ordered a pizza at Sbarro pizza and they delivered it to our room in about 20 minutes. I have stayed at the Orlean's on four different trips to vegas and it is my hotel of choice. You can't beat the price for the quality of hotel. The only down side is you really need to have a car, it is not in walking distance of the strip even though they have a shuttle.
4	Having played at the Orleans and doing well for many years, I have been receiving offers to stay there because I signed up for the players card. I never really wanted to stay there because it seemed like it was an older, rundown property that was far from all of the action on the strip. Well, this past weekend, Halloween weekend, I was offered two free nights and one night for $40, which you cannot beat. So I decided to give it a try and much to my surprise, I was fairly impressed. Yes, the location off the strip is kind of a pain, especially if you do not rent a car and rely on either cabs or shuttles. However, my friend and I got an amazing rate for a rental, $80 for three nights and it was not as big of an issue as I thought it would be. Granted my buddy does not drink and enjoys driving, so you either need a good friend like that or switch DD's. On to the hotel, the room was above and beyond my expectations. The king size bed was huge and very comfortable as were the pillows. It was clean, did not smell like smoke and very spacious. It was big enough to fit a couch, table and two chairs. The bathroom was also very nice, with a large sink area as well an iron board and hangers. My only complaint about the bathroom was that the shower was just a typical shower with a shower curtain, which for Vegas seemed like a letdown. I prefer a sliding glass shower, but that is just me. My only complaint about the room was that I did not have HDTV. Now I know that very few people watch TV when in Vegas but I wanted to catch a little bit of a college football game while getting ready and watching it on standard definition was painful. The property itself was also a pleasant surprise for the most part. I was impressed with the fitness center, the staff and the shops. There are quite a few options for food,  as well. The pool was a bit of a letdown, although it is an impressive size. But the pool itself seemed dirty and the hot tub had jets that were almost too hard on my back. The hot tub was also not warm enough for my taste. The spa was also a bit of a disappointment. You pay $15 for literally a hot tub, steam room and lockers, not worth it in my opinion. I did not get a massage, but it was offered, albeit at an outrageous price. I do not judge a casino on if I win or lose, I expect to lose. Having said that, however, I did win money, which always makes the experience more enjoyable. But for the most part, I also had fun with the dealers. They were friendly and helped those who may have been new blackjack players. The pit bosses were also very friendly. Also, my main complaint about Vegas these days is how long it takes the cocktail waitresses to bring drinks, not at the Orleans. The girls, for the most part were very quick at relaying the drinks and always did so with a smile. My only real complaint with The Orleans was the amount of children that were there. I know that is not necessarily the hotel's fault but literally every elevator ride, involved either screaming or misbehaving children. It could have been a coincidence, but I have never seen that many children at one time in a Vegas hotel. It probably has to do with the affordability of the rooms, but it was annoying at times. Having said that, the Orleans pleasantly surprised me and while I still prefer to stay on the strip, this place has surpassed the Hilton as my second favorite off-strip hotel, behind the Hard Rock.
4	The Orleans is magnificent looking inside and out. Yet it's a tad creepy. Any Mardi-gras themed hotel usually strikes me like that. Lots of amenities, lots of legitimate stuff that actually comes with the resort fee. Cool hotel.
3	I've stayed here a few times for group trips & always have a blast!  They have everything here.  Casino, restaurants, the breakfast buffet is very good, bowling & spa.  This is especially good when its in the 100s the whole weekend and you don't want to leave the building to walk 10 feet to your car.  ;PThe rooms are pretty standard size & comfortable.I like the layout of the casino, very easy to navigate and not get too lost.  It has a very open layout.The buffet is pretty good for the price.  Breakfast is the best!!  Get in line early.
2	Nothing outstanding, but a staple of my Hawaiian family's Vegas stays because it's near the strip and it's connected with the other Boyd casinos in downtown where the Hawaiian foods are.The room is pretty spacious, I could come back and dance around mimicking jersey boys and O after I saw the shows..not that I did of course...Cons: 1) no fridge - the cheap Motels/hotels I stayed at had a fridge 2) no free wi-fi/Ethernet Internet connection!!! C'mon! In this day and age, still charging for wi-fi = ancient and unnecessary. AND!! Yes, there is an AND: they rip you off by charging 12.99 for 24 hours of internet service. C'mon! You already took $30 in 30 minutes on Wheel of Fortune and mega millions!! I pay that amount for a whole month at home. Again, other cheap motels and hotels I've stayed have all offered complimentary wi-fi. 3) security. It's great that there is a security guard protecting the elevators from non-guests. But, reality is guests can be criminals too. Anyway, the door gets a little snagged and drags on the carpet PLUS the door pauses on its own. Even if I were to try to push the door shut, it wouldn't go fast. Scary to think that if i'm trying to get into my room and shut someone else out who was following me down the hall - I wouldn't be able to.
3	I just go here to bowl mainly. They do have a cheap cafe for those drunken mornings =P
4	10 years ago, I went to the Orleans to either watch movies or play DDR with my other tween friends.Today, I go to the Orleans for low table minimums, bowling & cheap drinks, or drunk food at 4AM.$10 table minimums are right up my alley. If I'm not going downtown for the $5 roulette or blackjack tables, Orleans isn't too far and I'm comfortable gambling here. I'm a gambling newbie so impatient obnoxious dealers push my buttons.The food at the Orleans isn't half bad either. The 24-hr cafe/restaurant is reasonably priced and the graveyard specials are awesome. $4.99 steak & eggs and its pretty darn good after a long night of clubbing and some desperately needed sobering up.Its not luxurious but hey, who cares.
3	The Orleans is kind of divey but okay overall.I actually saw a roulette dealer get into an argument with a customer.  The dealer was in the right but he was acting like a 5 year old about it.  Just call over the pit boss and let him handle it.  Also, the average age of a dealer here has got to be in the 70's.  Not that I necessarily mind but don't expect tons of excitement or energy from them.  They could care less if you win or lose.Their showroom is really old but I got to see Don Rickles and actually perform with him this last trip so I won't talk shit about the venue too much...lolI will just say this...If you like Aria, you will hate the Orleans.  Two totally different vibes and sides of the spectrum.  The high end restaurant in the Orleans is a TGIF...lol  No bullshit.  I think you get my point :)
4	I love staying at this hotel. Beds are super comfy. They have plenty of places to eat. Fast food as well as non fast food restauraunts. I have yet to have a bad experience here. The only complaint I have is there is only one Let It Ride game and the table is usually full. Staff is really friendly. And since it isn't on the strip it is easy to get in and out of this hotel.
4	Love to stay and play here!!!! I love the offers they send me as well. Will be there for Christmas. Can't wait ...
3	Gambling with family, same old machines, and well same old luck.  I don't know what the rooms are like, but the casino is nice.  It was not crowded today, however, I have been in when there was so many people, it seemed overwhelming.  We've brought family here a few times to gamble, and of course the sports book is nice and big with comfortable chairs, so when we're waiting for everyone else, it's a nice place to hang out.   Off the strip, not downtown, clean overall, not too smokey, mostly the same old machines.  The food choices are great, and if you have time, great movie theater.
5	Of all the buffets ive been to in vegas, including cesars palace, place station, golden nugget to name a few.. This is the best. Best food and variety. Largest buffet line choices and biggest desert bar all at 9 bucks?  Sad id ever paid 20 or more for buffets half as good.  Dont waste your time or money anywhere else!!
3	Well it's a casino, just in the area, stopped to get some popcorn at the theater, just kinda people watched.We don't gamble, so it was just cool to chill at the bar.
3	I stayed here last week and before that it had been a year since my last visit to the Orleans. I definitely love the fact of comp rooms!!! I love staying here because it is friendly and fun each time, not to mention cheap. This hotel is only a couple of blocks away from the strip. Their rooms are always clean and I love their beds, fluffy and comfortable!!! They now have shuttle service for free all day until 1230am.Their buffet is a whole other story unfortunately. I was dissapointed on the quality of food.
5	11/15/2011 - After 8 visits, we still LOVE the OrleansWe're pretty low rollers with hubby playing slots and video poker - I mostly play craps. The Orleans is very good to us, we feel really comfortable there - it's home.  The standard rooms are about 450 sq. feet (quite a bit larger than most standard hotel rooms) with a sitting area - couch, chair, coffee table, lamp.   Comfortable bed, nice 6 drawer dresser, night stands, dressing table, full-length mirror, 1 cup coffee maker.  Large window.  Bathroom is a bit small, but OK.  Water pressure has always been good.  There in an actual window that opens above the tub, nice to be able to get a bit of fresh air.About every 60 days hubby has two nights, anytime, comped and I have two nights comped, Sun-Thurs. They allow us to back-to-back the room. We drove to LV from SoCal for my birthday. We had quite a few things planned to do with not much gambling this trip.The Orleans is now charging $5.00 per night for a strip view room and since our room is free, we went ahead and took room 1936, strip view.Room 1936 - https://picasaweb.google.com/115020347051893738999/OrleansRoom1936Room Tip: 11/21/11 - Rooms on the 20th & 21st floors have be updated in the last couple of years with newer furniture and large flat screen TV's, but have a very tiny dresser.  Strip view rooms now cost an additional $5.00 ($5.60 w/tax) per night.
3	It's a locals casino, but has plenty of room for tourists. I'm born and raised here in Las Vegas, and have come to the Orleans many times for eats, and entertainment. It's old and shabby but still comfortable with fun memories.
4	We stayed at The Orleans for 3 nights with a 7 year old and 3 year old.  There is convenient access to the hotel rooms directly without having to shuttle the kids through the casino and the room size was plenty big enough for 4 people.  The price of the rooms is extremely affordable however there are almost no channels available in the room outside of basic cable and the in room movies were very pricey.  The restaurant selection is great for families however the service was lacking unfortunately.  The hotel includes a bowling alley, movie theater, arcade and Kids Tyme child care center so there are plenty of activities to keep the kids busy however there is only 1 gift shop and I would've liked to see more shopping available.  The casino does offer its own Wine and Spirits shop that has very affordable prices on alcohol if you choose to buy your own which we did, however were pleasantly surprised to receive free drinks when gambling at the bar.  We attended a Las Vegas Wranglers hockey game while we there and it was very convenient to have the arena attached to the hotel, and it was easily accessible.  We also received services from the beauty salon but felt the prices were a little high for the quality of product.  Despite the few negatives I will definately stay again as the strip and freeway are a convenient 5 min drive and this was a great value all in all.
5	Always stay at the Olreans when am in Vegas. friendly staff and always great time gambling and eating.buffet lines are short and fast every time i go. Prime rib is pretty good as well. Cafe  good food 24/7 hotel rooms are nice updated with a flat screen tv etc.
5	If you want to go to Vegas and you don't mind being away from the strip come hear it is what I consider one of the nicer Hotels in Vegas The staff is so very Helpful and Friendly. Don't forget to go and visit the bowling alley if you have any little ones along with you.
1	Having a crappy day to.find out.that the valet was.full ...valet person tells me it was full just to.be.lied to as.they let.in other cars ..sad sorry ass employees ...last time I stay here
3	It's a fine hotel but the Mardi Gras aesthetic is just kinda dumpy. It is a great place to go to the movies though since it's off the strip. It's not really walking distance from Las Vegas Blvd, but it IS walking distance from a great sex shop!
3	The reason why I stayed here was for an event that was I attending an event that was being held there.  I stayed a few years ago, so I don't remember how EVERYTHING was, but here are the things I can sum up for you...Not gonna lie, because this was one of the older hotels on the strip, I wasn't convinced that the rooms would be all that nice.  BUT, to my surprise they were quite nice.  They weren't outdated nor dirty from what I remember.  The bathroom wasn't bad either - a good size.  We had a room w/ 2 queens and there seemed to be enough room to walk around and not feel like the furniture is right behind you.  The walk to the convention center wasn't too far from our room & the place was pretty big.  It was exciting for me because I've never been & the entrance was kind of a big moment, hah.  The event lasted until 7am, but I remember we left earlier & later went to the 24/7 cafe downstairs.  I had a really fun experience at The Orleans and will remember not to judge a book by its cover.Side Note:  The Orleans is not walking distance to the Vegas Strip.
2	Stayed here for an event for kids. Rooms are nothing great bathroom door is a slider and didn't work well took a heavy hand to close and didn't lock. Beds are not comfortable I've stayed in better places in Vegas for same money. Buffet is good though and bowling center is good for kids along with a nice arcade.
1	Yep, still sucks.  Had to stay here for work, not by choice.The beds are stiff and generally uncomfortable.  The heating/cooling unit turns on often at any temperature.  It is best to shut it off to sleep since it is extremely noisy.  The television is older than me.The casino area reeks of smoke.  They need to invest in some higher volume air cleaners.  Just walking to the elevators will require you to burn your clothes to get the odor off.There are no decent food options.Lastly, they were hosting a cheerleading competition for young kids.  Two things; what casino would host this type of event, what organization representing children would choose a casino?  As a casino you annoy and disturb all your other visitors.  Nothing says family like gambling, booze and smoke.  Great parenting.
4	This review is only for the poker room.. The Orleans has the lowest rake in town $3. Plus they drop $1. for bad beat jackpots.This is a busy room that spreads low limet games.No stud but they usually [PM] have 3-4 1/2  NLHE games,  2-3  4/8 O/8, one 8/16 O/8,several 4/8 HE and 1/2 HE games. They play all games ten handed. They also give $1.25 per hour in comps that can be used like cash for anything from food ,rooms, to Liquor,which are all reasonably priced..This is a very busy well run poker room  that does allow call-ins. Mostly a  very friendly locals blue collar crowd [my kinna people]  ..
4	We are heading to the Orleans in a week or so and as usual I am really looking forward to it. I probably should be waiting to write this until after this visit, but we've stayed there so many times I don't think I need to. This will be our first time to fly there for a while and we won't have a car, but we've always had good luck with the shuttle.  Besides there is also a city bus stop right there and you can just catch that down Tropicana to the Excalibur, NYNY end of things. Last time we stayed in September, our room seemed a little worn and I know they are updating that area, so I'm hoping for a more newly renovated room this time.  Love their king beds! I usually take a hair dryer,although they provide an adequate one. But there is no door between the toilet/shower area and sink/hair dryer area. I like to be able to dry my hair out in the room because of that.  My husband likes their poker area because of the low stakes. I like their variety of penny slots.  I'm hoping the Wizard of Oz original one is still there! The food in the buffet is fine, not gourmet, but we know what things we like there. We love the value of the Orleans and it feels a little like home to us. I hope they continue to keep things up so we can continue our enjoyment of this property.
5	I love this place. Great poker room, great race book, great oyster bar, excellent liquor store, great cafe and prime rib joint, all reasonably priced, love it love it love it.
3	Average.  It's over 2 miles to the strip, so the shuttle bus is a must.  Like all the casinos, it's smoky inside.  I was there in February 2012 so the pool was closed.  No indoor pool.  The indoor spa is an additional $10.  Internet service costs extra.   But the coffee shop has free wi-fi.  The business center gives you 10 min/day of free internet.  I was at a convention which met on the 2nd floor.  The smell of smoke from the casino made it to the convention rooms.  After 2 days of attending the convention, I got sick from the smoke fumes.Pros:  It's cheap and completely self-contained.  Lots of dining options, several bars, live entertainment, shuttle bus.  Cons:  No indoor pool, smoky,  2 miles off the strip.
1	Very old, dated and unbelievably smokey.  Our company had a conference there. The conference area was good but getting from the front door to the upstairs conference area was gross.
4	The Orleans is priced well, large rooms, free shuttle to the Strip, Comedy Club, Movie Theater, Bowling Alley, and lots of places to eat right on site, great price!!
3	This is the place to gamble if you just want to sit and gamble all day/night. I spend hours here with my friends at the roulette table until 5 am. The crowd here is a bit older unless they are traveling from some other country. This place also has a cool bowling alley that's located upstairs, and it opens LATE. The rooms are pretty nice and spacious. It's a nice casino & hotel if you don't want to chill in the strip. I love that there are many fast food restaurants nearby!
3	The hotel room was big, but had a stain of wine on the carpet. The entire hotel stinks of cigarettes. The price was good for what it was. We stayed here to see Kenny Wayne Shepherd at their showroom. It was very pretty, and the show was awesome. So overall, they did a good job, but the carpet needs cleaned, and the ventilation should be improved.
4	This is a practical review.  If you want peace and quiet, and want to stay away from the strip this is a good spot.  There are many food choices from the buffet to the high end dinner house.  It is clean and the staff is friendly.  If I am looking for a trendy hotel with high end restaurants I would not stay here.  So, knowing this it's up to us to pick what we want.  Would I go back, yes!
3	I was coming to Vegas for a one night stay to take meetings for my company and decided to stay here for the price... $74 per night.I stayed on the 8th floor and was very disappointed by the technology of the room and the overall feel of it. Photos attached, no free internet and the TV was about a 21" old school huge TV that weighed 30 lbs and the picture was fuzzy. Not only that, but it only got like 28 channels... about 6 of which were horse racing... I have never not been in a Vegas room without a flat screen TV... The wall papering was very old and faded, and the bathroom / closet (there was no real closet, just a rail in the bathroom) was old as well. The bed frame looked like something out of a mobster movie...Now don't get me wrong it was very clean and everything was in it's place... But if you clean up an old flip phone... It's still an old phone.I did order room service for lunch while a waited for my co-worker and I must say that service was good and the food was delicious (photo attached), but still the price for a burger and fries was about $20.00. I could have walked down stairs and went to Fuddruckers and got an even better meal for half that cost.Check in and out was simple, but just because the room was so old I can only give this place 3 stars. For the price though... I guess you get what you pay for!
4	I most recently stayed here about 2 wks ago & as usual it was mostly a pleasant experience. I say mostly only because the bed I had (king) was not as comfortable as in times past. But the rooms are nice, spacious & there's a 1 cup coffee maker. Mind u its not great coffee, but it hits the spot when u wake up. You don't have to leave ur room looking like crap to go down to the little chocolate & pastry shop. Next, the shower, ahhhh it has great shower pressure and it feels great after a late night out or too many cocktails. Rooms are clean :) the check in is always pretty quick & the ppl are friendly. It has a variety of restaurants frm fast food, mexican, american, u name it. Oh & the buffet is awesome!!! Its huge & there's something 4 everyone. The price can't be beat, btwn $7.99 for brkst up to about $10.99 for dinner midweek. Friday dinner is seafood, not sure if its $13.99 or so. Weekends the most u will pay for brunch is also about $13. Its well worth it whenever u go, much better than the basic strip buffets. The flavors buffet at harrahs (even though I luv their rooms) sucks, its overpriced & not a big slection. There's 1 lady at the Orleans buffet(short brown hair) cashier that has been there a long time (I go at least twice a year & c her every time), anyway she's rude as hell. Ugh, try to avoid her. This still doesn't sway me frm staying here when I'm in vegas. If being on the strip is ur concern, don't worry, they have a shuttle bus (free) that goes to the strip late into the night. I also stay on the strip (I play enough to earn comps everywhere) but will add Orleans to my stay. Oh & if u play the slots & bet at least the mid bet (.50c on a penny for example) u will more than likely get compd rooms. Their system gives u quicker rewards than the strip ones do.   The casino floor is pretty big & they have lots of slots & video poker. Good amount of tabe games too. However,they could improve on the amount of cocktail waitresses, but I could say the same for most other casinos on the strip. I noticed that this last stay. The reasons I mentioned b4 are why I didn't give it a 5. I recommend u ck it out :)
4	We have been going to the Orleans for years now, since about 2000, once or twice per year. They upgraded about 5 years ago and transitioned from a locals-only focused casino to a modern and more contemporary casino. They have several good restaurants and the slots are good, not great. There is a little more to do here than some casinos, and I personally enjoy the sports bar while my wife is gambling. Try the Prime Rib Loft for a good meal at a reasonable price.
1	We've stayed at the Orleans many times in the past and we usually had a great experience, but this past weekend was terrible.  We got stuck in a room facing towards Tropicana Ave, which isn't THAT bad, except we were so low (8th floor) that we only had a view of the casino wall, the roof and the AC units.  OK, we didn't come to Vegas to stare out a window, so not the end of the world.  Let's move on to the bathroom...  The bathtub was clogged so the water drained really slowly.  That means that you are standing in a pool of filth while showering (yummy).  The toilet was also jacked up and constantly ran after you flushed it, which means I'm up giggling the handle after every flush.  There was also the bath window that was broken and not very easy to open or close.  The carpet was filthy and my wife actually found food on the floor from the previous guest.  Let's not forget the headboard that fell off of the wall and then banged against the wall all night long (and not in a good way).  Other than that, it just seemed like everything is really run down and in desperate need of repair throughout the hotel.Note to guests: If they tell you that your room is going to be 867, tell them "no thanks" and go to the South Point hotel instead.Note to owners:  Use some of that money that I lost in your casino to fix up the place.  There are just way too many choices in Vegas for you not to do something about the appearance and upkeep.  I probably won't be back.
4	Home of Cosmic Bowling, Big Al's Oyster Bar, a cafe (plus many more places to eat), a movie theater and a showroom- I've been to all of these places in this casino over the years, plus when the Pimp & Ho Ball/Fetish & Fantasy Ball (think of a Halloween rave atmosphere for adults) was at the stadium (the venue has moved to the South Coast in recent years), I went there too! People used to just hang out at the opening and check out all the outrageous outfits. There is a ton of of Free Parking at this property. For easiest access, park in the multi-level garage. This is probably one of the better casinos here in town- has so much to offer!It's a clean place (the smoke isn't that bad as compared to strip casinos), there are lots of locals here, and like I said, this casino has lots to offer. Expect crowds, but it's not rowdy. Oh and I almost forgot to mention the cocktail waitress' outfits, lots of eye candy for the male patrons (not good if your lady is super jealous and possessive). Years ago, it used to be the Rio's cocktail waitresses turning heads.
4	When I first moved to town I was a regular at this casino.  A decent casino for locals.  A pleasant little showroom is in the casino featuring acts like Air Supply.  The Prime Rib Loft is probably the best feature of this casino.  A decent place to meet your friends for bowling or a movie.
4	The Orleans is the true local's hotel and casino in every sense of the meaning. If you have kids or teens, the arcade here is popular, as well as the bowling alley and movie theaters upstairs. Great selection of food court and restaurants, you've got plenty of options to choose from (Subway, Baskin Robbins, Fuddruckers, TGIFriday's, Courtyard Cafe, etc.) If there's any shows in town, the Orleans Area has convention ballrooms and literally a HUGE arena that hosts concerts, hockey, and whatever else you can name.$5 minimum blackjack tables? You can't get any better than that! The best thing is The Orleans is located 5 minutes west from The Strip, so you can easily access it from Tropicana straight up. This is one of the casinos I direct tourists to, just because The Strip in itself can definitely become a money trap, but The Orleans is more catered to a blend of tourists and locals. Have always enjoyed my time here, and is a great place to meet up for locals if you're feeling lucky to gamble, but don't want to deal with the traffic and crowds on The Strip!
4	I usually stay here. They offer good comps on rooms. The only thing I would like to see them change is their televisions. I mean come on who doesn't have hd flat screens.... Oh I guess its Orleans Other than that good value staff is friendly.
4	I've been going to the Orleans for years.  The casino is more of a "locals" casino who has a history of taking care of their players.  I don't consider myself a hardcore gambler but I do play enough for them to hook me up with rooms and food.  That alone keeps me coming to the Orleans and  "donate" to their cause.  The casino is clean and provides good food and service.  The only bad part is that it is not on the strip.  If you are looking for the "strip" experience, this is not the place to be.  This place caters more to the local crowd and the moderate gambler who enjoys freebies.We checked oujt the pool Saturday afternoon.  The hotel offers a wading pool and the main pool.  I think there is a spa as well but we didn't quite make it there.  The bar and the pool was quite enough.  The bar at the pool offers bucket specials which is perfect pooliside.  There is also a DJ playing great music.  They offer cabana service and plenty of reclining pool "bed/chair."  The only complaint I have is that they don't have waitresses offering cocktail services around the pool for lazy people on vacation like me.  Other than that, good times!!!!
4	One of the main reasons I like staying here is not only for the comps, but because there is a little of everything, not to mention the nice rooms.  It's an older property, but the rooms I've had were always well kept and clean. The rates are reasonable and you get what you pay for. The only thing I think may keep some people from this property might be it's proximity to the Strip. Well, they have a shuttle that runs from the property to Bill's Gamblin Hall which is across from Bally's and goes on to Gold Coast which is off the strip and back to Orleans. Many Casinos are conveniently located within walking distance of Bill's. Or do as I do, just hop in a cab to Mandalay Bay which will cost you ten bucks (which you'd spend gambling anyway) or to the MGM. Be creative and you'll be ok. Vegas isn't all about gambling, although I think the casinos would highly disagree! =) Actually, the more different activities a Hotel/Casino can offer will keep their guests on their property longer! At The Orleans, I always try to take in at least one movie, although on this visit I actually took in two. They have a really nice theater, reclining seats and great snack bar. The best part for me was since I go to matinee's is that the crowd is small. Bowling is another fun activity to pass the DAYTIME away, I say daytime because nights are made for gambling!! :) There's also lot's of great places to have your meals. Great entertainment in the lounge at night when you want to take a break from the tables. My favorite table games are Let It Ride, Black Jack, Craps and Video Poker... Oh, for you "nickel" bettors out there, they have craps for you with great odds, that I enjoy! So do like I do, make your $100 keno ticket for 50 games, then go play your favorite game. Check your keno ticket the next day and see if you got lucky... Who knows, you just might!!
4	Really enjoyed my stay here. Nice clean rooms. Atmosphere was good. Plenty of choices to eat at. And there are activists for kids to do. Movie theatre, arcade, bowling...
1	Always liked The Orleans....at least that's what my previous Yelp posts say.  I also hear that The Orleans is a local resident favorite.  That may explain why all was well outside our hotel room, but inside was a different story!  Ever have the hotel turn off the water to your room?  No shower, no sink....and no flushing the toilet.  Sure, you can use the toilet......you just can't flush it!  Yes, you too can pay for the privilege of living like this.  Actually pay extra....this was an "upgraded" room.  For the record, having a view of the strip does little to alleviate the angst created by a toilet that you can use, but you can't flush.  It's time for me to move on to another hotel in Las Vegas.  I always stayed at the Orleans because it was, among other things, consistently average or better.  My last stay was way below average, and unacceptable!  I would no longer recommend The Orleans.
5	beautiful rooms nice staff and great food.. also great casinos and events
3	I've been to the Orleans many times over the years. Mostly to eat or bowl. It's okay. Nothing special.
3	I can't say a thing about the Casino as I am not a gambler...except for maybe a few bucks in the poker machine.  We stay here because of it's convenient location for our work while in town.The rooms are always clean and comfortable, and the rates are usually pretty competitive for the area.  I don't agree with 'extra' fees for 'free' services, but overall it's a great place to stay off of the strip.They do offer a free shuttle (paid for by the fee) to other locations, which I took advantage of a few years ago.  Was quite handy to get to/from the strip that way.Pretty good choices of restaurants.  Movie theatre if you so wish to get away from the casino noise or are just board!  Spa treatments as well if you want to pamper yourself.
4	Me and my bf decided to go on a weekday trip (get there weds leave Friday morning). We were booked at the hotel by priceline due to the high priced rooms this week ( we didn't know there were two highly attended events happening the week we were going). When we found out what hotel we were staying at I can honestly say we were not very thrilled. It was off the strip, have never stayed there and it was an older hotel/ casino. But we read reviews an they were all going back and forth between stating the hotel was great or horrible , so we were going in with an open mind. ( Let me clarify we are a young couple, 23-24 yrs old). Saying that, we are not a typical young couple who goes to Vegas to party our asses off. We just wanted to get away, relax, have fun, and spend some good quality time with one another ( away from work, errands, and toddler daughter). We got there  and parked in front of the casino. For us parking was not hard since we got there early in the day. Walked in and no line in check in. ( they do require a 100 dollar deposit, but u do get it back at the end if there were no issues) The room was a decent size with a reg size sofa and chair. The bed was very comfy, we both don't like very hard and stiff beds. The bathroom was a perfect size, BUT the shower was a reg old shower. With a handle on the wall that was not even useful. It's in a diagonal position that makes it awkward to use. Lol. And I wished the water would've came out harder since I have a lot of hair( just makes the shower time longer for me).TV was old, but we didn't really use it so didn't matter.For the females it had a a desk with a mirror right above it that was very useful to put on my make up while my bf was in the bathroom getting ready as well. It was more comfy sitting down there while applying make up . When u do walk in the first time the rooms do have a lime scent to them (like the powder u use for rugs? That's the best I could describe it for u). Food, well we ate pizza at sparro and it was okay just too greasy I think. We had ate before arriving, pizza was for breakfast the next day. For dinner we did not eat there, we actually ate at Planet Hollywoods buffet( I highly recommend it for ONE of your lunches or dinners, since it is pricey $27.99 per person.it has a lot of diff foods to offer so go there hungry) We used the shuttle the whole time we were there, runs every 30-35 minutes, sometimes it's early or at times a little late.Drops u off by the flamingo, in the middle of the strip I guess.We like it because it gave us a chance to just walk on the strip visit diff casinos, stores, and it was easy to stop by at PH for the buffet since its close by. Both days we went to Excalibur( there casino is awesome. Look for an older dealer named Paco, female Melissa, and Alex all there were fun to talk to). If ur not looking to spend too much money and have fun, that's the place to be! We spent a few hours there playing War! We used the new Orleans movie theater, arcade, and bowling. The movies are new releases, arcade had good games, bowling was very cheap couple dollars a game. But with the bowling area u will see a lot of younger kids hanging out since they can't really do much in Vegas. Overall, very comfortable stay at the hotel and we would stay there again.
2	I stayed here last weekend because a bowling tournament was held here that I was part of. So I got a discounted rate on my room. To be honest, I've never even heard of this casino before and thought that it would be old and run down. It was probably old but it was huge, like a real casino. There were multiple bars and numerous restaurants. The front desk person was receptive and friendly. The lobby sofas were the most luxurious part of the casino. My room was unexpectedly roomy. It looked like it was remodeled except for the old tubebox tv. The beds were very comfortable. On the other hand, the bathroom sink was clogged so whatever was in it, floated for hours. Pretty gross. The hotel demographics is definitely a mucho older crowd, not my primary choice of people to hang out with. Overall experience here = meh, I've experienced better.
1	do not stay at this hotel front desk staff can not communicate due to a language barrier and the supervisors are mean and disrespectful. stayed there recently and upon arrival they said they wanted all their money upfront as it is las vegas and we get ours first. shame not the experience i want checking into a hotel. their website is deceptive , staff deceptive , and if you go you will probably get lung cancer in the casino.
4	If you are looking for a great casino with your favorite games, with decent minimum table limits --this is the place.  it's off the strip, but very nice!  Lots of food choices within the casino and they even have decent hotel rates!  Next time I will look at staying here the next time I am in the area.  I believe they also have a free shuttle that can take guests directly to the strip as well.
3	This hotel is a way from the strip, but works for a hotel if you're looking for something that is a little more mellow. The pool is good, dont expect a lot here.Overall, its an older person's hotel
5	Clean, well decorated, tons of entertainment, and realitively cheap.  Was here for the Viva Las Vegas rockabilly festival.  Up to six rooms of performers.  They have a 70 lane bowling alley, 18 screen movie theater, good buffet, diner and an ok Mexican restaurant.  It is a huge place, they have great entertainers at cheap prices on other trips.  They are attached to a huge arena.  Very nice rooms for the price of some pretty tacky downtown places.
5	I have stayed at the Orleans twice. Both visits were excellent experiences. On the first trip, the hotel comped my entire group of 6 friends playing at the blackjack table free dinner. During the second visit, the Orleans comped my room for two nights. The casino has extremely low minimum bets and the bartenders are quick to serve you complimentary drinks. You can sit at the bar playing 25 cent blackjack and watching sports for hours and get free drinks all day. If you're afraid of staying off the strip, don't worry. The Orleans has a shuttle that regularly drops guests at the strip. The hotel is clean and the casino is very generous with food, drink, and room comps.The Orleans has my business. I'll be back several times a year for a long time.
2	Not very clean and rooms smell funny. Not geared for thwarting younger crowd.
4	I stay at The Orleans annually for an event, and have always been pleased. Is it the fanciest place in Vegas? No. Is it better than adequate? It is. Super-low room rates (it's off the Strip, with a shuttle to Rio--which itself is at the tag-end of the Strip). Clean, large rooms (that could stand a refresh, and based on tweaks they've made to the pool area this year, I wouldn't be surprised if that were next). Friendly if somewhat weary staff. Lots of families, folks in their shorts and flip-flops. Glamourous it ain't. But if you've got a reason to BE here, or don't mind a quick cab ride to the Strip, it really can't be beat.
2	I would have gave it a higher rating but nope. The new Mexican Catina or shithole I like to call it is why the rating is so low. Me and my wife went there to eat after watching a show at the palms and we were in shock. My wife ordered the tortilla chicken soup and I ordered the chili verde plate. Well for starters their version of tortilla "CHICKEN" soup meant chicken meat = chicken broth substitute, the chili verde, the spanish rice, and beans were hmmm how can I put this you can find better in uncle bens version and NO I never tasted that but I would have to assume. The verde was dry, tasteless, the rice was out of a box an the cook screwed up, the beans LOL I could swear they bought the generic version from Sysco. Actually, all of it seemed like it was week old expired stuff from hell. I spoke to the waitress about it and even she agrees she would NEVER eat there because it doesn't look appetizing and shes seen the cook in action. When I asked her about the table across from us she had said they were complaining like we were. I laughed and paid the bill, giving her a ten dollar tip and explaining to her that we like but that restaurant is garbage.The casino is nice I like the atmosphere and its away from the main strip and the other places to eat there are far better than this one. The suites up on the 20-21st floors were nice, I would stay here again and again.
3	Great for the older crowd and international travelers. away from the strip but not to far but not walking distance. tables are very old and dirty but gambling isn't the cleanest of games. Restaurants are ok but nothing to write home about. If you want a cheap vacation LV is always the place to go.
4	Great place to gamble and rest your head.  The rooms are a little aged, but they are clean.  You know it's a good spot when you mention to locals that you are staying here and they go themselves for the buffet and entertainment.They also host some great events like the Burlesque Hall of Fame (BHOF) weekend and the Rockabilly conference.The pool is nice too, fairly spacious, nice poolside bar, great for relaxing in the Vegas sun.
4	Best place to "slum it" when you want to gamble and drink on a budget. I've never stayed here, so I can't tell you how the rooms are, but gaming area is big and they offer a lot of non-single deck blackjack. Nearby Rio and Palms seem to only have single deck, 6to5 bj payouts. The place also has bowling, movies, and a Fuddruckers. Damn hard to beat. Not a place for Vegas glam or people watching.
2	Way too big! Check-in: There are 2,000 rooms. As you can imagine, there are a lot of parking spots. Of course there aren't any signs in the parking lot telling you where to go. The check-in clerk was no help at all. All she did was give me my room key. She didn't offer any help. I would have appreciated knowing where to park, when breakfast opened and closed, how to get to my room.In reality, there is no good place to park. None of the parking spots are close to an entrance that is in turn close to the hotel rooms. It took me 20 minutes to walk from my room to the breakfast cafeteria, 15 minutes in line to pay for breakfast (yes, there was a line; yes, you have to pay for breakfast), and 20 minutes in line for an omelet. Nearly an hour from the time I left my room until the time I started putting food in my mouth. And everyone in the cafeteria wants a tip. The cashier gives you a receipt with a tip space (before you even know where you're sitting); the omelet guy has a tip jar (before you've even tasted his cooking), and the coffee gal wants her tip on the table.It took me 15 minutes to walk from my room to the pool. Ridiculous! I'm 32 years old and run 2 miles in 15 minutes. I'm not slow and I don't mind walking, but I don't like wasting my day walking around the hotel. The lifeguards at the pool should be fired. They're flirting with each other, and almost never look at the water. Seriously, three or four of them were gathered, flirting, dancing, and talking under the same stand for at least an hour. Why even bother to have lifeguards? Check-out was frustrating too. They have a resort fee. How stupid is that? Shouldn't that be a part of the hotel bill.The rooms were mostly clean, but there was a crusty white stain on my blanket when I arrived, so I put it on the bathroom floor with the dirty towels. The next morning the maids took the dirty towels and put the dirty blanket back on my bed.The only things I liked were the price and the fact that it's off-strip location meant that it didn't have the idiocy that the strip has.
1	After my bad experience at Orleans I had a nice phone conversation with Mary Ann Burns who is Director of Hotel Operations at Orleans.  We struggled a bit to get to the conversation, playing e-mail and phone tag for a while, but once we spoke, I expressed my concerns.  She asked me what they could do to earn my business back, but honestly, there isn't much that can do that.  We may stay at Orleans someday, but the last experience still stings, so for now, we will do business elsewhere.  Visiting Las Vegas again in September, and we might stop in to gamble or eat.  We won't be staying there however. You just can't shut the water off to an occupied hotel room.  Not sure who ever thought that was a good idea!  Orleans needed to work to get us relocated prior to it's scheduled shutdown.  Not doing so was a gigantic error on their part.  Not sure that I'm comfortable that they realize this, and that it couldn't easily happen again.
5	I love this place they are the best casino by far..they have always taken great care of me I get free rooms and free tournaments.seems like they out do themselfs each and every time..thank you to the best casino in vegas..
1	This wil cover their buffet lunch:  We ate here on 07-11-12.  The beef ribs were actually good, other dishes were so so.  On first pass I did not see the Mongolian Beef, you have to order it and it is cooked on the spot.  The cook, a middle aged Hispanic male, placed the meat on the grill to cook using tongs.  He then went to a nearby sink, picked up a green scouring sponge and did something in the sink; throwing something in the trash.  He was wearing rubber gloves.  He walked back to my food which was still cooking, used his gloved hand, the one that was just in the sink, the hand/s that he did not wash, and picked up the meat and turned it over.  I contacted the hostess and she directed the "Chef" to our table.  I told him what happened.  He appologized and offered to make the meal himself.  Since I lost my appetite I declined.  Bypass this buffet and go to another.  Same suggestion even if the cook would have handled the food properly.
3	This is just the review of the buffet. I came here in late december after a crazy night of drinking. First off, it's cheap, and you get what you pay for. It's a jungle in there because of all the kids you will find here. The food was okay, and the location was off the strip. Come here if you're too poor to eat at a buffet on the strip.
3	Not too bad, they had a variety of games and some pretty good restaurants.  If you are part of the Bconnected, you get coupons to the restaurants.  In the cafe/lobby area, there were lots of people with their laptops, so I"m assuming the wifi is free.  Tables were decent.  There's a movie theater too, so it's a good place for the non-gamblers and kids.
3	This is a fun place to stay when you don't want to spend a ton of money on a hotel room.  It is far enough from the strip so that you aren't stuck in that nasty traffic.The front desk and valet service is always nice.  Their complimentary drinks (while playing) are always strong and their food isn't too bad.  The pool area is nice although they can use a little more shade options out there. This place can feel a little run down from time-to-time in their regular rooms and they definitely need some upgrades.  Outside of that, it is not too bad of a place to visit every now and then.
4	Located on Tropicana Blvd. A bout half a mile away fro the Las Vegas Strip. This is a great local casino that is also good for tourists. The casino floor is wide open and has a fairly high ceiling. Low table limits for, so it makes it easy for first time and reluctant gamblers to take a shot (and you should). The restaurants are good here as well. Stop in and check it out. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	I got a great deal on a room, and took a family vacation there for a last minute summer holiday.Had kids in tow, 15, 11 and 9. Normally, I wouldn't take kids to Vegas, but I heard this place had a movie theater, arcade and bowling alley inside of it so I though it would work.We were there on a Sunday - Tuesday and it was pretty crowded, the buffet line was huge at 9am. Luckily we got there before 8:30am and had no wait. It was 7.99 and pretty good. The best thing on it was the scrambled eggs, bacon, and apple dumplings. Coffee was free and good too.We did see a movie, whcih was 6.00 b4 6pm, not bad, plus I had a coupon for a free popcorn. The arcade was fun, the kids liked that and won some stuff. The pool was just OK, its large, has plenty of chairs, but the water was cloudy --not the cleanest. The drinks were 7.50; I had a pina colada and it tasted weird--like melted plastic or something chemically. The bartender was dour but at least the wait was short. There was free ice water and generous towels available.Believe it or not, the gift shop was pretty good. They had snacks, drinks, not-bad priced nicknaks and even swimming trunks for only 19.99.The room was clean, the beds and pillows were ok...but the TV was fuzzy (they said they don't have HDTV "yet") The bathroom is crazy--there is only one door, a slider, and it didnlt close all the way, or lock. We called room maintenance and they came right over and tried to fix it, but couldn't make it lock. Beware if you are planning on sharing a room. The a/c was very very loud.I played the penny slots and some 25 cent video poker. $20.00 lasted me all 2 days. As you can see, I am not much of a gambler. Not too many bells and whistles around me, though. Can't say for sure if this is a "lucky" casino or not. Workers seemd nice on the whole.The Orleans has a free shuttle to the strip that runs until 12:30am. We took it one night and it drops you off right in front of Bill's, across from Paris and Caesars.  Once inside the sanctuary of a casino, the prices of food, drink and souvenirs is astoundingly high in most places. We spent 37.00 on 4 gelatos and a pack of macarons at Payard in Caesar's Palace one night. It was exhausting trying to see all the sights and fighting crowds, but I am glad we pushed through. The kids were so tired afterwards though. The shuttle service picked up every 10 minutes or so, and boy was I glad seeing it pull up when we were ready to leave the Strip.I hadn't been to Vegas for 10 years. It has changed alot, much of it not for the better, IMHO.  I actually was grateful this hotel was off the strip. The Strip is unbelievably crowded with tourists, bums, drunks, and very dirty costumed "characters" that badger you to take a picture with them for a fee. (I would never let my kid next to one of those-ick!) All in all, if you don't mind being way off the strip (don't believe the map on the website; Orleans is NOT located right next to New York New York! Its way east on Tropicana.) this is a good place to stay for free comp, or the 25.99 deal I got.
5	We will be checking into The Orleans on the 15th of this month and this will be our 4th trip to The Orleans. We love it here and always regret staying anywhere else. The hotel is clean, the staff are always very helpful, and you get lots of free drinks when your gambling. Now I've never been comped a meal or a room stay so Im not sure how that other poster got all that, but it's a great place to stay if you don't like all the hustle and bustle of the strip, but still want to have fun. We come here every year for the Vegas to Reno races and we'll always be coming back!!
5	I have never stayed in a hotel in Las Vegas before, so I have nothing to compare to this experience. However, one thing is quite clear for me - the value I got for the money paid was satisfying. I paid roughly $35 per night and I think this is OK. The hotel was clean, the room was also clean and everything worked. The foodcourt in the hotel was very good and Subway even had $5 deals and Sbarro didn't have outrageous prices. Even though the hotel is off the Strip, it is still easy to access it with the help of a shuttle, which departs relatively often (drops you off next to "Flamingo"). I didn't hear any parties or loud noises and nobody disturbed me. I really liked it. The only that wasn't that good was a filthy shower head, but this is so minor that I will still give this place 5 stars. But remember - these 5 stars are for the value. 5 stars of the Orleans will be different that 5 stars of the MGM or something similar.
1	Run down and dirty. That's the state of the rooms. The carpets in the hallways and rooms look like they've never been shampooed. What once was cream colored carpet is now soiled black and terribly stained. A plus, there were no bed bugs.The plumbing was noisy, making strange gurgling sounds from the sink drain pipe. One of my family members said that the toilet in their room sounded like a jet engine when flushed. Maintenance came and fixed the problem, but then it would mysteriously flush every 10-15 minutes on its own. The fixtures in the bathroom are worn and unsightly. The hair dryer only worked on high or low, medium was burned out.Went to the Courtyard Cafe for breakfast and the hostess bypassed us and sat another party, completely ignoring us. The dining room had plenty of open tables, and there was no line. We spoke up and asked to be seated and she flashed us a dirty look. For the life of my I can't figure that one out. The server never brought cream for the coffee after being asked 3 times. We finally had to appropriate some from another table.Wake up call set for 7am never came. When I called the front desk they said that the computer reset our room at 5am and the wake up call must have disappeared from the system at that time.I guess this is a case of you get what you pay for. The room rate for a standard 2 Queen was $29.99 before taxes. If it weren't for the fact that one of our party was staying there for their bowling tourney this hotel would never have been considered as its nowhere near any of the action. If you want to go cheap pick a Motel 6 instead, they're much cleaner.
4	Went to the New Orleans for their buffet on a Saturday night. With a good price, plenty of seating for a group of 25, and a good variety, this is a great place to hit up a buffet in Vegas without spending an arm and a leg. The foods pretty good, and they have a good variety of different types of "cultural"  food. And with the distance from the strip, it is well worth the travel. Try it!
3	We got a great deal on a room for the family. First impression is overwhelming smoke smell when entering the hotel. Luckily your nose gets used to it during your stay. We stayed on a non-smoking floor which was a relief. Room is spacious and clean. However two of the pillows smelled like someone's vomit so we tucked them into the closet area. Hotel is relaxing and great for kids. Our deal had a $10 daily room credit which the hotel does not tell you at check-in. The credit made it affordable to eat at the in-hotel subway. The money saved on the hotel enable us to see two shows.Both the movie theatre and bowling alley is a great outlet for the kids. Both are very clean and well maintained. The pool was a disappointment. It was not crowded but only three and a half feet deep. They do not allow you to bring a cooler down to the pool due to taking business away from the bar area.Over the stay was good and the kids had fun.
4	Most Reasonable Casino/Hotel in Las Vegas. Whenever i go to Vegas, i always stay at the Orleans. Main reason, it's very inexpensive, compared to the hotels on the strip. This place has a bowling center in it, that has cosmic and graveyard bowling, freaking awesome. They have a shuttle that runs to the strip from the hotel if you don't want to get stuck driving on the Strip. I would not recommend the Buffet, go to the strip for buffets, the food they are here, is not as tasty as the food on the strip. The pool area is so-so, not those amazing pools you see at The Venetian or The Wynn. All in All, 4/5, i recommend staying here if you want a cheap and reliable place, plus it's not that far off the strip.
4	Good value for your money, the rates are very reasonable and location is pretty good.  It's close to the Strip but within the local neighborhoods for places to eat.  I don't go the Strip to eat anymore, the locals refer this as "resort pricing" and there are better deals elsewhere if you know where to look.Yes, the rooms needs some re-modeling but are clean and very roomy.  More than ample parking and Casino is well laid out.  The resort fee is worth it as the work out room is actually well maintained, good equipment, and very clean.  They will charge you for internet access in your room but is free in the public area in the Java Cafe.  The poker room has good action and lots of tables.  They will accept a call in to reserve a seat.Recommended!
5	I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas of the decades and I find the Orleans to be a new favorite. It is off the strip a bit and I like that. It has a huge gaming area, and I like that.  It has covered parking by the arena and I Like that! The rooms are large and new and well kept, and well stocked and I like that! The mid week 31 dollar rooms are very cool! Best of all there is an 18 screen theatre with at least one screen for indie movies and I love that! The arena is home of the Wranglers Hockey team, and the season is a coming! Lets all go to the Orleans!
4	I think people giving The Orleans 2 and fewer stars need to get their ratings recalibrated.  No, this casino is not even in the same league as the Bellagios and Venetians of this world.  If you're grading Orleans in comparison to those casinos, you're out of your mind. What you WILL get at The Orleans are very clean, spacious rooms and excellent non-gambling options (bowling, movie theater, fitness room, arcade for the kids).  As people have mentioned before, the rooms are a little 'old' and they don't even have HDTV, but hey, at the prices you'll likely be paying here, what do you expect?  I would much rather spend $29 on a room here and have a nice place to go to sleep in than pay multiple times that amount for a room that looks prettier.  Also, I joined their players club last year and didn't even play a ton, but they sent me 2-night room comps already!  I would highly suggest you guys do the same!
5	Price was excellent.  Room was clean and really big too. Everyone was friendly and helpful. Big Al's Oyster bar, Koji, TGI Fridays were my favorite places to dine all week.  Spa was pure luxury, with great discount deals so dont be afraid to ask!!! Loved sipping pina coladas by the pool.  Movie theater is 18 choices. Busiest Baskin Robbins 31 flavors shop in all of Vegas, but still quick and courteous.  Orleans is a relaxed friendly atmosphere, and everyone is friendly, helpful, and relaxed.  I will return, and look forward to another day at the spa, thanks Tammy!
3	Nice off the strip location with all the on strip offerings.  A quick drive/shuttle to the strip, if you want it.  I stay here for work and the rooms are always nicely appointed and clean.
4	Great casino to check out old school concerts!
1	This review is in regards to the hotel and the common areas in the hotel. If you're visiting the casino, it is nice, with lots of low-dollar tables, a great variety of slot machines, and a very popular sports-book.As for the hotel, it is in dire need of remodeling and updating.  The halllways have faded and stained carpeting, peeling (and poorly patched) wallpaper, and the paint on many of the door numbers is chipped.Our room featured a continuation of the stained carpet theme found in the hallways.  In addition, the wallpaper above the toilet was peeling (not just a loose corner, but literally falling off); the toilet itself was only attached to the floor with one bolt (and was loose); and there was zero water pressure in the shower.The Orleans had been our go-to location, and we've been staying there for at least ten years.  Unless they pour some money into the place and make it look like something more than a dated Holiday Inn, our most recent stay (in September 2012) will have been our last.
4	The Orleans has been very good to me with comps. The rooms are always clean, they have good entertainment (Bill Maher was there last week when I was), and they seem very generous with their comps.I will be back!
4	Honestly, we didn't expect much from The Orleans hotel. An affordable hotel usually means you get what you pay for. Here, everything was different. The Orleans surely is not comparable to most 21st Century lifestyle places in Vegas, but it kept the charme of "the old Vegas" without appearing too antique or shabby. Old school style room with nice beds, clean and great view, no matter where you're located, as the hotel stands free. Bathroom with window, so you can get some fresh air without the ac hammering all time. Staff and amenities were great. The 70 lane bowling centre a must! Past midnight recommended. We also enjoyed the pool are that doesn't suffer from all day hammering mainstream music (well, there's music of course, but in an acceptable way), relaxed people and enough space to even swim! Negative, if you like Wi-Fi on your room, you have to pay. Also, but that's what we don't like with most Vegas hotels, a complete useless resort fee. But that's all. Great stay anyway!
4	I've been going to The Orleans to see movies for fourteen years now. I've never gambled at The Orleans, so my review won't deal with that aspect of the casino.The movie theater is great. Both the theaters and restrooms are usually quite clean. I've never had a problem with the screens or picture quality. As for refreshments, they have a selection of binned candy that I appreciate, although I usually only have a soda.The Orleans itself has several places to eat, but my favorite is Fuddruckers. The first time I went to Fuddruckers was because I had seen it featured in the film Idiocracy. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of their veggie burger.
5	This hotel is just a few minutes off the strip, nice for the whole family, and not expensive. They have a movie theater, bowling and also arcades fir the kids. Happy customer.
4	Great budget off strip hotel away from the craziness that is the strip. This is more of a family type of hotel not your get your drunk off face and let's go clubbing type of hotel. It's geared more towards family and locals.My room was not modern or hip like some of the strip hotels I've stayed in like; Bellagio, Mirage and Wynn but it was clean and not rundown. I stayed here because the room was $100 cheaper on the weekend and I was planning on transfering to the Mirage the next day and it's only 12 minutes from the strip. Food options here weren't fancy but cheap. The pool was mostly filled with families and not the pool party crowd you'd expect to find on the main strip hotels.Staff here was very friendly and they have a lot of security around the hotel. The neighborhood around the hotel is very seedy and I'd avoid walking alone at night. You may think just because you see the huge hotels on the strip, doesn't mean its just a few feet away.
4	I go to Vegas about three or four times a year and always get comped for a couple  nights here each trip.Good gambling, food and entertainment value away from all of the hustle and bustle of the strip.Rooms are always clean.Not as fancy as the rooms on the strip but they do the job as I`m not in the room that much anyways.The restaurants are all good except for the buffet..
3	If youre looking for a simple practical place to stay at, then this is for you! Especially if you prefer to not be on the strip, yet near it. This casino isnt upscale but you can save money for sacrificing a hotel curtain that doesnt electronically open. As a local, I come here for the movies, bowling, or the big buffet for special occasions. Theres even an event center for shows or events youd like to see. Consider this place for practicality!
5	Love the Orleans!  Attended a small reception in a suite there.They had a buffet set up. I was shocked that the food was really good. The suite was really nice and the staff is wonderful ;)Lexi was in charge of it and she rocks!  Her server was awesome too.
4	I did not stay at The Orleans but will the next time I am in Vegas, especially after they remodel.  We were having and awful time on the strip dealing with casino personnel who were less than personable - seems to be the trend on the strip.  We jumped in a cab, told the driver about our night and she said, let me take you to The Orleans, you will have a great time - and we did.  All the dealers (except one) we encountered in a 3 hour stretch were nice, tons of fun, made you feel welcome and were positive about their jobs. The pit bosses were all really chill, we felt welcome and appreciated.  The vibe was so much better than the strip. We did have one crappy dealer who kept paying wrong, didn't smile, we got up from the table to wait out her 20 minutes - the pit boss asked what was wrong we told her the table got "unfun" with the dealer change - wish she would have pulled the dealer but she did point us to a dealer we would like, and we did.
5	I've so far read where some of the people find this hotel casino "old" but that doesn't bother me especially when I get comped, I can't complain. I'm there for 3 reason: 1) gamble 2) eat 3) sleep. I'm not there to socialize and pick-up girls or find a club or lounge and get drunk that's for the young people. My room is always in immaculate condition and the service where ever I go in the casino has been great.My only complaint is I wish that for once I can go back home with more money than I bring.
4	Play roulette! ! It's fun here!!
4	Off the strip buffet was good, and the casino is very colorful, i like the madi-gras feel!
3	No frills off the strip property with incredible room rates, a liquor store, multiple places to eat and good size clean rooms. Plenty of close by self park and good valet service.
1	If you're broke, sharing a room with 15 people, you don't plan on being in the room or the hotel for that matter during your stau and this is the LAST place at all available then maybe stay here.  Otherwise, skip it.1) They screwed up our reservation and had us in a smoking room for the first night of our stay.  I asked to be moved to another room.  The next room they moved us too had a HUGE red stain in the living room.  It didn't look like blood.  It looked like someone spilled a huge red beverage on the floor and housekeeping didn't bother cleaning it up.2) Those nice tubs and showers you in the pictures?  BS.  Both of the rooms we were in, the tubs were flaking whatever they use to paint the inside of the tubs.  In one room, it looked like they hadn't even bothered cleaning the tub from the last occupants.  Either that or the ring of crud had built up considerably.3) The staff was utterly unsympathetic to the screwed up reservation and condition of the room.Long story short: Pay the extra and stay somewhere decent.
4	Stayed at the Orleans from 12/7/12 til 12/10/12.  Room 1319.  The room was nice enough, clean and in pretty good condition.  My wife wishes that there were makeup mirrors, or at least better lighting in the rooms at Orleans, but overall we were happy with our Orleans experience.  We stayed at the Orleans primarily due to our attending the Las Vegas Wranglers games on Friday and Saturday nights.  However, we generally like what the Orleans has to offer, and we look forward to returning again soon.
2	Bleh. The Orleans was never a show-stopper. It was never one of those "great" casinos in Las Vegas. However, it has stayed alive. Probably because of its location, where there are no close casinos to compete with and its low prices. I'm sure locals are happy to gamble here as well, keeping the money flowing. Not to mention The Orleans stays alive with its large events stadium which hosts numerous events, including the Las Vegas hockey team.As for the casino it is stinky like a rag of chew stuffed in the shirt of a non-stop chain smoker. Yes, obviously The Orleans has not updated its ventilation system and prefers its visitors to be enraptured in the smell of cigarettes.The casino at least hosts a decent movie theater removed from the casino floor on a second level. As for the restaurants I cannot comment on them since I've never been in any of them. The only one I am slightly interested in going to is Fuddruckers, which I didn't even know they had until a most recent visit to see a movie.I also cannot comment on the rooms, but considering the grungy feel and nasty smell of the casino I would not bother staying here anyway. Orleans would be a lot better if they just got a better ventilation system, and they would probably need to tear out their carpet and put new carpet in. Of course, I rarely frequent the casino, so they need not do it just for me... haha.
3	The Orleans Hotel & Casino is an off the strip property that caters to locals. That being said, I'm not a local anymore so this place doesn't appeal to me. In fact, the only reason I'm ever in a casino is because I'm with friends or family going to eat, going to a show, or playing tour guide. This time around it was for reason #2.This property tends to have something for everyone. From dining to a movie theater along with gaming of course - you could stay at the Orleans and never leave. Which is what I wanted to do the moment I stepped in the doors because of the smoke.The Orleans is also not a new property which means it doesn't have a ventilation system like the new mega resorts. In the few hours I was there I must have second hand smoked a couple packs. From a non-smoker who works in a sterile healthcare environment, just walking thru any casino is torture for me. However, when it comes to family and or friends ... Anyway, nothing about this property particularly stood out for me that makes me want to recommend it to anyone other than the fact that it's off the strip.
3	What kind of guest are you when you go to Vegas? Are you young, hot, and hip? Are you with your friends looking to stir up some trouble? Then the Orleans is NOT for you. Wanting to avoid big price tags over the New Year, the Orleans offered economic rooms. It wasn't a terrible place. It would be great for anyone who wants to be away from the hustle and bustle on the strip. It's decorated well and is not very crowded in the casino. The Orleans is just not the Vegas that anyone under fifty wants to visit.
2	Came here to see a movie, (very nice movie theater) stayed for the seafood buffet which was below par.  tried gambling a little but the sewer smell (which bordered on toxic) and extreme cold drafts near the buffet end of the casino made us leave earlier then we wished.  It does however have a nice poker room which my husband liked.
4	We came here because they had a decent priced breakfast buffet, discount if you have the players card, granted the food is not spectacular, but for the price it's on par, the casino was classic with good tables some tables, just remember when to hold em, and when to fold em, when to walk away and when to run. One day I had luck the next time I didn't. Parking was good
1	We are locals. My wife and I when to the Orleans Hotel theater on January 22, 2013 to watch the 5:05pm viewing of The Hobbit. The temperature in the theater was 55*F, while the temperature outside was 61*F. I wore just a longsleeve shirt to the theater, but it was too cold to sit through for almost 3 hours. Before the movie even started, I asked for a refund.I would not have written this review if it weren't for the theater manager, who did not once look at us, apologize or even say one word. That is all it takes for me never to return to this casino. I tore up my players card and will stick with other properties. Adios.
3	The Orleans is nice for an off strip hotel. The rooms are big (the bathrooms to) I liked that the bathroom window opened in my basic room. The rooms where very quite, not smokey, and clean. The Internet does cost money but they do have a coffee shop with free wifi (it is kinda smokey from the casino) but its free and fast and you don't have to buy coffee. The Orleans does not have clubs and fat Tuesdays like the strip properties so if you plan to party in Vegas the Orleans may not be the right place for you. The Orleans has lots of food choices from a food court to sit down Mexican, stake house, an oyster bar, TGIF, a cafe(Diner food), a buffet, a sushi place.  And 24 hour room service. They also have a gift shop and chocolate shop on property. Over all a clean, safe trip, but not wild. But maybe it's just what you make of it??? Oh the pool hours suck but most casinos have limited pool time.
4	Awesome Rockbilly & Swing-Dance HavenSITREPI love coming to visit Las Vegas for both Music & Dance events, and for the better of this century (so far only 13 years - ha), I've enjoyed "VIVA LAS VEGAS (VLV)" Rockabilly Band and Swing-Dance conventions here in Las Vegas (often concurrent with Easter Weekend, sometimes not).  Starting off at the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino, Tom Ingram, Associates and productions have been moving the majority of VLV's functions over to Gold Coast's sister hotel-complex, HERE @ The Orleans.  SPACIOUS & FASHIONABLEThe Orleans Hotel & Casino promote various functions for this event, including:  At the Gold Coast Hotel & Casino, the graciously set up areas for VLV to hold it's* VLV Burlesque competition - in the ballroom, all eyes turn onto the beautiful ladies sauntering around sensually in nothing but sequins & feathers, a total delight to the eyes.  * Swing-Dance lessons - in the evening at 7pm-9pm in the Main Ballroom!* Rockbilly Band Nights! - in the Orleans main ballroom.   Every night beginning at 9pm the Bands play and the all-dance begins and continues until 4am (if you can LAST that long!)* Rockabilly Clothing, Accessories, CDs, etc. etc. VENDING! - in the ancillary ballroom areas - I always score myself some great Rockabilly shirts, Dickies shirts & Pants, for both myself and relatives.* And, yes, BARS.  Need you ask?  This somewhat "divy" hotel - and I mean that in a GOOD WAY - is prepared for the onlsaught of greasers, and bobby-socks girls, and tattoo artists and every fun person you can imagine being attracted to this event and this venue, and you can not turn around without meeting the eyes of a friendly bartender. THE LOWDOWNThe Orleans Hotel & Casino is a great off-of-the-main-strip party-environment which is extremely cost-effective and a guaranteed fun time for Rockabilly Fun in Vegas!
4	Pros: Inexpensive! Spacious rooms! Good service! Free shuttle to the strip!Cons: Off the strip, less "hip" vibe, no fancy night clubs, smaller than other hotelsNote: I am really reviewing this as a hotel, not a casino. The casino is pretty crummy compared to the ones on the strip, but I don't know why you'd want to stay in one place the entire time... it's Vegas! Go out to the strip and gamble there for the real experience! This is a good off-the-strip alternative for people visiting Vegas who don't want to spend a lot of money on a room. I'm a "young, hip" person who traveled to Vegas with friends and we had no problems staying here for an entire week. Room service was really delicious and quick. Rooms were clean and comfortable. This place might be good for families who don't want to deal with the crowded strip. They have a bowling alley!It's also a great convention hotel, if you're looking into convention planning. They have a number of very nice theaters and meeting rooms. Their restaurant options are reasonable if you have a lazy day and don't want to leave, but it's an easy 5 minute FREE shuttle ride or quick cab ride over to the strip. The casino isn't something to write home about, but it's pretty big and has the usual selection of slots that all of the other casinos have. Feels a bit stuck in the '80s. Cheap rental cars are available on location and this was great for taking day trips while not having to deal with traffic on the strip.
4	I was very pleasantly surprised by the Orleans.  We were there this weekend for a Jamz Nationals and to donate teddy bears to the Clark County Fire Department.  The room was neat and clean, the linen was fresh, the sitting area tidy.  There were long lines at check-in but the staff were fast and friendly.  The only con was the fact that you had to pay for internet in the room - this normally is a fee I'm happy to pay but at the Orleans you pay for EACH DEVICE so that meant for our little family of three we would have paid 3 times for internet service.  The plus to that con is that internet was free at the coffee shop.  My daughter liked this hotel so much she thought it would be a GREAT place to have a We Care Bear bear drive next year during Jamz Nationals.  It's not the Bellagio or the Mandalay Bay but our family enjoyed this budget friendly hotel.
4	This is like a hidden casino gem in Las Vegas. It's off the strip but worth a visit. The exterior and interior is well-decorated in the theme their going for. I think a place like this deserves to be on strip, more so than places like Circus Circus or The Riviera. Everything is the same in here (service, cleanliness, vibe) just as it is in any other decent casino but it's just not on the strip. I'm happy I got to check out this place. I also won money here so how can I not give it a good rating.
1	This place is AWFUL. I have NOTHING nice to say about the Orleans!Back in December I went to a UNLV basketball game here. I stopped at the Mardi Gras bar before the game to grab a beer with my friends while we waited for the game to start. After drinking the entire beer, I glance at the bottom of my glass, only to find a THICK white film with 7 or 8 dead maggots INSIDE of the glass. After gagging profusely, I spoke to the Food & Beverage Manager, who had me fill out a report with security. I WISH I could post pictures here and show you what filth the Orleans serve to their customers! The response from the bartender who served me? "My bad." The response from the Food & Beverage Manager? "Well, I'm sure it's nothing that will kill you." Ummm, what?!?! Considering that NO ONE from The Orleans has tried to contact me to make sure that I actually didn't die from their foul casino and lax sanitary standards, how would they know?? I actually spent the next day vomiting, but I'm sure they don't actually care. First and last time I will ever set foot in this place. I filled out a report, they had all of my contact information - no one thought that maybe a phone call saying, "I'm really sorry this happened to you" would have been in order? Thanks for nothing, Orleans!
3	Went into the Casino for the Lobster deal posted on the billboards before heading into Las Vegas from California.   My brother, friend, and I wasn't able to find the deal but we did end up eating at a Prime Rib buffet.  Price was $10 with the players club.  Food actually was not too bad.  It was decent.  I highly recommend the Prime Rib with  au jus sauce.  That was the best thing in the whole place.  That was really good.
4	We had a nice time at the Orleans for a family reunion. Great bowling alley and a lot of restaurants. I normally do not like buffets but this one was decent. Best steak house- definitely try - great food and service.  Rooms fine, inexpensive and enough room. Nice bathrooms with a window that opens. The one downside is security allows people to bring up huge coolers with beer to the rooms so you know there will be a large party- we saw rooms with 6 or more people trooping in and out which is crazy considering how inexpensive the rooms are. Same  with the pool which was large but had SO many people with their loud radios and coolers competing to up the noise level. This is not your upscale Vegas pool experience. Fine for a reunion with the kids and lots of family, but if I came for an adult trip, I would stay closer to the strip and somewhere more upscale.
4	I've only been here for late night bowling with young cousins-in-law, but it has always been a fun experience. My only real complaint is the parking situation. Orleans has a huge parking lot all around it, and yet it's always full. I don't know how this is the case as the inside never seems THAT busy, and yet visit after visit I find myself circling around and around trying to find an open space.
5	Best service I've ever had in Vegas. From the wait staff to the valets the bell desk to the gaming area and bars. Everyone gave me the service I expect in Las Vegas. The room was very clean. I booked my room on Vegas.com and had a blast. I will be staying here again.
1	Garbage rooms. Least comfortable hotel beds I've ever experienced. Ended up sleeping on the floor on a couch cushion instead.
4	They always give me tons of comps and treat me right here.  I love that they have five dollar tables and lots of things to do inside the casino.  You can see a movie, go bowling, and I like the buffet.
3	VERY SMOKEY!!!  So be sure to take your Benadryl. I've never gambled here but have eaten at their buffet several times. Ill review it separately. There does seem to be more local traffic here than on the strip.  They have lots of parking and lots of entrances so if you are doing what we did, the buffet, I'd go to the side entrance as it is right by that.
4	This is an EXCELLENT hotel for families. - Low online prices (we paid $30 a night)- Large, spacious rooms- Cafe, TGIFridays, Baskin Robbins.. best of all? Fuddruckers has a room service option (score!)- Small arcade, movie theaters, bowling alley, pool- HOURLY DAYCARE FOR KIDS 3-12! Can you say date night? Check their website for info but this place was legit, and I hardly trust my kids with friends and family. One woman took charge of all three of my kids and I think my kids were more excited to go then we were to leave them. Seriously, check it out.I visit Vegas enough to not NEED to stay on the strip every time. This hotel was in a good location, had excellent customer service from valet to room service, and the amenities were unbeatable. Ill skip the flare of Cesar's Palace for a good deal
3	Want to escape from the strip?Here's another viable option... specially if you have kids or those who don't really enjoy Vegas-related things but somehow joined your trip. It's like a one stop shop: gambling, buffet, movies, and other entertainment. Do take note that this is an older property so for those of us who are spoiled by the nice ventilation at the renovated strip properties, the smell of smoke here can be quite bothersome.
4	Me and my husband have been staying at this hotel for a handfull of years even getting married there in one of the Halls and that was just perfect and everything was taken care of and organized by Jay Palmer. I think he is still there and we thanked him so much.                Rooms have always been clean and well serviced and staff so very helpful and nice. We are not pretentious people and do not need all the glitz and glamour to seduce us and make us happy. Just Great music, selection of food places to eat, Movie screens, fantasic Bowling alley and just so much fun things to do. If you are looking for a crowded, loud, expensive place go stay on the Strip! Yes its getting old but hey life happens and you can not beat the price! We will always be back....Great gym to use too (con) I like to smoke sometimes but i can never get over the smoke build up in the casino and i can never wear my contact lenses as its really bad for my eyes. Anyways We love this place.
4	Ate at the feast Buffett it was quite $$ for Buffett compared to other hotel Buffetts I usually eat at but it was worth it the food actually have taste I loved the shrimp scampi tasted like real cooked shrimp not already cooked frozen shrimp and there are lots to choose from Italian, Chinese, Kailua pig, salad deserts, pizza etc... Service was ok except for the cashier I moved on her side of the counter with my kids in the stroller so people could pass then she literally yelled " You need to get out of this line it's only for handicapped and wheelchairs"...then while waiting for our table it appeared it was for regular customers too they were paying her and waiting as well I was in a WTF moment it pissed me off I really didn't know what her problem was either maybe the pressure of long lines not sure....but other then that its a really great Buffett.
3	It's an ok place, just don't expect to sleep.  Noisiest place I have ever stated.  Walls are paper thin.
2	I went here recently for Viva Las Vegas. I understand it's a cheap hotel, but how cheap can you get? It is still Las Vegas afterall. I tried every restaurant this place had to offer and never left satisfied. Food matters to me. It's half of the reason I go to Vegas. Also, many hotels offer shuttle service for major events, like Viva. This hotel should have at least had a shuttle to the Palms. It felt like you were trapped there. The showroom where the burlesque dancers performed was a good size and staff was generally friendly. Drinks are certain bars were way overpriced.  i wouldn't drink at the Mexican restaurant, or get suckered into getting their carnitas. Ew...
4	Hey Now!  Our homey Casino. Lots of great VP and plenty of food offerings. Big rooms, most have been recently remodeled. Easy to score comps, near the strip too..Very nice fitness room, big pool and hot tub. We love our host, Tammy Turner...Going back for Memorial Day!Last year's trip report:http://flysrb.com/Ti%20&%20RBs%202012%20Vega$%20Saga.html
1	Theft at the Orleans Las Vegas by housekeeping.I was staying at the hotel over Easter weekend for the Viva Las Vegas rockabilly event. Saturday when I left to go down to the car show housekeeping was going to clean my room. Didn't know they would clean me out. I have a bottle of prescription painkillers for a slip disc in my back. I had it very well hidden under a pile of clothes on a shelf. When 19 up from the car show on Saturday the pill bottle was out in the open. They took almost 40 painkillers all of the bottle. At least they left me with five. It was a brand-new bottle. Unfortunately the doctor will not give me more in total the month of May. When I contacted security about the issue they pretty much just blew me off. When I got home I contacted corporate. Corporate told me there is nothing they can do unless I have a large amount of points on my player's club card. You would think staying at a hotel would be this bad, but it is. I have been going to this show since the first one. Never have I had an issue. I do understand there is a safe in that room, but housekeeping still has access to that. It's really making me think if I want to keep going to the Viva Las Vegas weekend.
3	My husband and I were at the Orleans April 16-20.  Our room was located on the 17th floor.  We have stayed at this property many, many times over the years and we can honestly say we have rarely been disappointed.  The rooms are always very clean.  We rarely ran out of towels and the few times we asked for extra towels, our request was filled very quickly.  I've found the desk clerks to be very friendly and helpful.  I like that there is a safe in the room.  Just this past trip, I used it to store my two prescription medications and had no problem.  We enjoy the variety of restaurants contained within the property.  I've read reviews from people who supposedly tried all the restaurants and couldn't find anything good to eat; I've also read reviews from people who wrote that Fuddrucker's was the BEST restaurant.  There are about 14 restaurants in the Orleans, and if one can't find something to eat, then they're not that hungry.  If one thinks that Fuddrucker's is the best restaurant, I can only assume that that person was raised on McDonald's and Taco Bell and Fuddrucker's must be a step up to really living large for them.  We've had the breakfast buffet numerous times and always enjoy the food.  This past trip we also had a lunch buffet and it was very good.  I've eaten at Big Al Oyster's Bar and enjoyed the food.  The Prime Rib Loft is an excellent place to go for really good prime rib.  I'm quite the meat lover, I know my prime rib and the Loft is an awesome place to go for a good dinner.  We've also eaten numerous times at the 24 hour cafe, and while the food is not fancy or gourmet, it is very good.  The menu has a nice variety of items that are available 24/7.  The Graveyard Specials is one one of my favorites - good food and really cheap.  To those people who criticize the Orleans and say it isn't like Paris, Flamingo, etc., you're right, it's not.  The Orleans was not built on the premise of being a super luxo property.  Besides a nice variety of restaurants, what the Orleans has going for it is reasonable room rates.  Think about it - when you go to Vegas, just how much time do you actually spend in your room?  Instead of spending $80, $100 or more per night for a room, I'll gladly stay at the Orleans and spend $35 per night, and take the money I saved and spend it on the Strip!  If you're going to Vegas just to stay in your room, you're missing the whole point of what a Vegas vacation is and you should just stay home and save your money.  This property is frequented by the "locals".  On the weekends, you'll also see many, many cars from CA in the parking lot.  That tells me that the property must be doing something right if the locals and CA residents are staying/eating/playing at the Orleans.  I also like the fact that you can just hop their shuttle service to/from the Strip.  It's the best way to do the Strip - the shuttle is free.  It certainly beats paying for cabs every time you want to go somewhere.  We've never had a problem staying at the Orleans and I'll stay there again.  I did notice some things that I think should be brought to someone's attention, but these are things that certainly wouldn't deter me from staying there again.  First, the waste containers outside the doors that are closest to where the live bands play - they need to be cleaned more frequently.  They were literally overflowing with trash, and one had two drink glasses in it that were there for two days.  It's not very attractive to look at and certainly not a good way to impress your guests.  Second, I'm really disappointed that the Orleans doesn't have a live band nightly.  I think it would bring more people in to the property if a live band played nightly, or at least 5 days out of the week.  This past visit, we only saw a live band on two nights that we stayed there.  I would think that the Las Vegas area has plenty of local bands who could be booked to play at the Orleans.  All in all, I love staying/dining/playing at the Orleans.  Keep up the good work - and if you can get a live band to play about 5 nights a week, that would be absolutely awesome!  Keep up the good work - we'll definitely be back!If I could, my rating would be 3.5 to 3.75.  The overflowing trash cans outside and the lack of live music on a more regular basis is why I rated the Orleans somewhat lower.  All in all, a very good property to stay at and WAY more reasonably priced than many of the other properties in Vegas.
5	The Orleans is one of my favorite hotels in Vegas. The rates are very cheap compared to other hotels and it's relatively close to everything on the strip. The staff is very friendly, and most importantly, the rooms are always clean. Lastly, they always provide great incentives such as free rooms, discounts on food, and even gambling credits. I can't wait to go back!
5	Ok how does the saying go? A fork...A knife and a plate of Greens and that's how you spell Orleans. Southern fun at it's finest.  My husband and I love the Orleans!Last time in we stayed on the 23rd floor of the hotel. The room had a huge TV and king size bed and the room was so huge and pretty. (I felt like a princess.)  I had room service and spent a full day at the spa. Oh I went from hot tub to steam room and ate fruit and had a full body message. (The employees are very kind.)Day number two I walked around and got a cool chocolate candy apple and hit the movies up. If your spoiled like me then you will enjoy your stay just as I did. Its got a huge cool casino and I even ate at Friday's. Some people think the Orleans is not all that but for me it was a nice little get away from it all. Its the one place on earth where I can cut my cell phone off and can careless about texting and that's saying a mouth full because I am never without my phone. I will return to the Orleans because I love it. Fun casino games that give u free bonus spins. The only bad thing about the Orleans is that you have to leave.
5	We stayed at The Orleans for a few days in May. We got lucky and had a room on the 20th floor, just below the suites, with an excellent view of the strip (we had to pay an extra $5/day for the strip view). The room was clean (with the exception of a stained carpet) and larger than some apartments I've lived in. My girlfriend loved the vanity. It was quiet. The hotel itself was fine, and not as smoky as I was expecting after reading other reviews (and I am sensitive to smoke). The Orleans was cheaper than most of the hotels on the strip, and much nicer than other hotels (like the Luxor) in the same price range. Note that I factored affordability into my rating.The hotel is off the strip, so be prepared to either take the free shuttle or drive (we had a rental car).
2	I have stayed at The Orleans quite a few times over the years and also at sister property The Goldcoast.  Every one of my prior visits had been great except this last one.  We stayed for two days this week checking in on Tuesday and checking out on Thursday.  I had booked two room ask traveling with me were my wife and our four kids.  Upon arrival I asked the clerk for rooms with doors either side by side or directly across from each other as there are no connecting rooms.  Once we got our key cards we headed up to our rooms and to my surprise the rooms were down the hall from each other not next to each other.  I walked back to the front desk and explained my situation to the clerk who apologized and gave me new rooms and stated that they would be next to each other.  Walked back up the a new floor and guess what, once again the roms were in the next bank of rooms and not next to each other.  Here I go back again to the front desk and the young lady once again apologized and got the manager involved and looked at the hotel map and figured out two rooms that would have side by side doors.  I thanked them and headed to the new rooms again on a different floor.  Upon arrival to the new room I noticed once again that the rooms where not next to each other but in different banks of rooms.  I gave up, didn't see a need to go back and get a new room only to have to go back empty handed again.  We decided to make the best of it and just stay with these rooms.With the exception of the front desk staff, valet and bell desk it seemed that the employees at the Orleans were rude most of the time.  I walked into the gift shop to look for some benadryl or anti itch lotion for my son.  I found itch lotion but no price on it.  I asked the girl at the register for the price, she took it from my hand and scanned it on the register, pointed to the screen and handed me back the box, the whole time talking to the other cashier.  I walked out.During our trips to the buffet (purchased the all day pass) we only had one pleasant waitress.  The first waitress hardly stopped by our table to refill drinks or pick up plates.  Our second waitress at lunch was very attentive and by the time my drink was empty I had a new one waiting for me.  During dinner we saw our waitress when we sat down, she brought our drinks and disappeared.  As we were getting ready to leave she walks up and asks if we wanted more drinks.Although I cannot say I will not return to the Orleans since we love the pool, bowling and theatre It might be time to start exploring more options.
5	This hotel is awesome and you are guaranteed a free room if you do a modest amount of gambling. The rooms are a nice size and hopefully you can snag a strip view. However, I wouldn't mind if they did update the rooms from the 90's theme.The Casino is a descent size with plenty of video poker and tables. The tables have good limits compared to anything else you see out on the strip. I highly recommend this hotel if you are not concerned about being on the strip.
2	Came in for a show, was not impressed at all. It's not the cleanest or most inviting place in the world let alone vegas, and i would never ever stay here. the only plus is their cafe serves starbucks drinks, and their theater allowed outside drinks in as long as it was in plastic. The gaming also didn't impress me the tables were not all open at 9pm on a saturday night (puzzled look), and the high roller slot area was dead with no assistance or drink girls to order from... There are much much better equally priced places to stay in vegas, and if i wanted to eat at TGIFriday's i'd do it in LA where i'm from.
5	This is one of our "go to" places in Vegas. Even more so recently, with the recent "upgrade" to The Las Vegas Strip. My absolute favorite spots on the strip that all my friends have grown to love... are gone. I was devastated on my last trip to Vegas. No more Bill's? Bummer, there goes my 5am steak & eggs. O'Shea's? Gone. No more little person pouring cheap ass booze in my mouth? WTH. Imperial Palace? aka now as "The Quad"... Sucks! There goes the Cheap rooms we would default to knowing sleep was low on the priority list. Look. I get it. These hotels/casinos were on prime property. Right in the middle of the strip. Some of my best Vegas memories are forever embedded in these 3 places. Orleans... still standing! Thank you for being off the strip and not in jeopardy of transforming into one of these " hoighty toighty" high limit gambling, douche attracting spots. We always find time in our Vegas schedules to hit the Orleans. Why?- cheap table limits- cheap drinks- somehow craps tables we play at are always "HOT"!- Lingerie Football League- awesome Live Music in the Casino Bar to Dance toPlease Orleans... stay true to your roots! I LOVE everything about you!
2	You get what you pay for.
4	For the price, great!  If you happen to be traveling on business, it is worth staying here and saving a few per diem $'s
3	I always enjoy staying here.  Rooms are nice, good sized and very comfortable.  If I had one piece of advice it would be to dump the damn resort fee, I hate bate and switch marketing tactics!!
5	This place is so great I actually feel guilty I stayed here for FREE! They say you get what you pay for, but in this case you get well beyond what you pay for. Even when you do pay, as it is very reasonably priced. You get treated as if you were in a hotel that has the title of a "luxury" resort. As for so called resort fees? I wasn't charged any!  5 min drive from the strip, but why do you even have to travel that far as they have everything there? Including a bowling alley. You don't have to be a kid to bowl. Ok, so wifi is like $5 a day, but did you really come to Vegas to be in your room to be on-line?? If need be it's free in the lobby and at their Jave Cafe.Now if you feel like you have to spend $300 + on a room just to feel good about yourself then just leave it on the table of your room when you check out! ;-)
3	Meeting people here is easy cause this place clashes with anything a sensible person would see on the strip :D Not near the strip, but pretty well self contained. Has the old Las Vegas feel without having to go to Fremont Street, so you can just hop on a $12 cab ride to the strip if you need.Not a whole lot else here.
3	Nice clean rooms, friendly dealers, great gym and good spa!
5	My wife and I first stayed here for our honey moon. We had such a wonderful experience that we have returned a dozen more times since. From what I can tell they are very consistent in providing great service. One thing that I found to be quite great about The Orleans, and many other Boyd properties; is that they provide a great value without cutting corners. All the staff made us feel like part of the family.From the moment we check in, Orleans staff makes us feel welcome. All the hospitality staff at the front desk have been nice and helpful, I've even received a few free upgrades. The rooms are spacious and tastefully decorated. Every room comes complete with its own separate sitting area and one of the most comfortable beds you'll ever sleep in. You are always provided with fresh and clean linens. The housekeeping staff is very thorough and leaves the room spotless without disturbing any of your belongings. All the rooms are like petite suites, you'd expect to pay a lot more for what you get. They always include a safe in the bathroom, which is a must these days. Its a digital safe and you set your own code each time. Once I forgot my code, one call to the front desk and within 5 minutes security came up to unlock it.The hotel keeps a security officer posted by the elevators at all times, that really makes us feel safe late at night. I noticed that some guest's were annoyed by this, but I've run into some questionable characters in hotel hallways in other places. The valet is always fast and helpful, even if you drive an old beater like I do.The amenities were some of the best I've experienced in Vegas. The $6 resort fee is a steal for all the stuff they provide. The Pool is always well maintained and very big. I've never had issues with over-crowding even in the summer. The hot tub next to the pool is really great too. I love that they have a complimentary gym available to all hotel guest's. There is a complimentary shuttle that takes guests from the Casino to The Strip(Bill's Gambling hall) and The Gold Coast.The buffet was one of the best I've had in Vegas, not as good as Main Street Station; but it comes close. I do have one gripe with the buffet though; the website advertised lower prices than they actually had. It's not a huge deal since they are still cheaper than most Casinos' on the strip. I also liked the Courtyard Cafe. The food was very tasty and the prices were very reasonable, its open 24hrs which is great for a late night bite. There are so many restaurants and bars within The Orleans you may never have to leave, no matter how discerning your pallet may be.The slots and the table game action is much better than I experienced on the strip. The table minimums are lower than the strip, roulette is my game and $5 minimum is great. The dealers are friendly and helpful if you're not an experienced player. There's a really funny Roulette Croupier named Lou that works nights, you'll have a blast at his table.They have a 70+ lane bowling alley on the second floor. After midnight the games are $1 each! They also have a 18 screen movie theater on the second floor. They have all the latest releases and the admission is cheaper than most stand alone theaters. They have a daycare center for kids if you have them.The cocktail servers are tastefully dressed and for the most part are polite. Drink service tends to be a little slow. It gets better if you tip very well, even then I've waited 30 minutes for a drink before. The New Orleans style decor is really fun, some may find it tacky. But, it reminds me of better times in Vegas before Chic and Modern replaced themed casino's. The players club at The Orleans is one of the best in Vegas. You can use your B-connected card at any Boyd Gaming property. Use it every time you gamble, the rewards add up fast. Shortly after our first stay we earned our first comp.
4	Big.  Loud. Mardi Gras theme.  What's not to love about this place?
4	Latest visit. 7/15 - 4 nights.  Stayed here a half dozen times.   It's getting harder to find comfortable, well managed casino/resorts here that have character.  Love Big Al's Oyster Bar and GREAT poker room!   Boyds seems to have the formula.  Sam's is another of my favorites.  I will be back for sure.
3	It's cheap.It's not too far from the Strip.It's 'pretty' clean.  Our bed linens looked "soiled" (yuck) and smelled kind of mildewed.Prime Rib Loft restaurant has good prime rib.The buffet is ok for cheap, worth the $$.Nice movie theater.It needs better ventilation, awfully smoky.The TV's themselves in the room are good but the reception sucks!  I think they are on wi-fi and just go all digital on you.
3	First off....I couldn't decide between 3 or 4 stars, so I decided on 3.  My wife, 4 year old and I stayed here this past week, we usually stay at Harrahs or Luxor but her nephews always stay here for the Viva gathering every year so they recommended it. Price wise, it was awesome. for 3 nights we paid like $135 total after tax and resort fees. There were a few minor things that I didn't like but none of it actually affected our stay. I read on Yelp its a locals kinda place and its a little run down but still nice and I agree 100%. It could of used a little up keeping but all in all, I liked the hotel and will most liked stay when I go back to Vegas around Thanksgiving.But heres a little review on our stay. Upon arrival, we had a lot more bags then we usually do cause we brought our 4 year old and we seldom travel much with him for 3 full days so we had our bags and his bag of toys, bedding, bag of clothes and cooler full of snacks for him....ETC. We had around 11 bags, so we decided to use the bell hop to take our bags to our rooms. The black older gentlemen who had dreads or brades or something in his hair was very rude and snotty to me, but whatever...then when we called to bring our bags up, I asked my wife "what do you tip these guys?" because honestly I have never used a bell hop before in my entire life. I'm not cheap, I just don't know the norm. I tip my barber or valet like $3 so I figured id tip him the same, when I gave him $3. Apparently I should have tipped more cause the white ex-con looking guy looked at me weird when I gave it to him. Sorry but I don't have to tip you sh*t so take what someone gives you and shut up. I also thought the channels they provided on T.V. were pretty lousy but we all agree that we don't go to Vegas to watch T.V. but when you come back to the room at midnight and wanna doze off, watching some good T.V. helps. So I say they need to get some better channels. Another thing that pissed me off was they have 2 pools and a Jacuzzi. We specifically choose The Orleans over our first choice (SOUTH POINT) for 2 reasons: 1) The Price   and  2) we saw online and asked the reservation desk and was told they had a wading pool that is like 2 feet deep that is perfect for my 4 year old to sit and play in. But guess what?? the damn pool was drained and closed and had cones around it. We asked around and no one knew when it would open up and just said "they are still working on it". The day  we left we noticed it was filled with water but still had cones around it so we were hoping it was gonna open that day and I asked around some more and no one knew anything about it. I even told my wife that if they open it that day...we would stay an extra day because we really wanted our son to play in it cause its only like 2 feet deep and we didn't need to be back at work until 3 days later....Oh well. The fact the pool was closed the first week of August really pissed us off and that is why we gave 3 stars instead of 4.The room itself was nice and was a little dated but no biggie. We did have a couple issues with the room (1501). We noticed the faucet stopper, you know that plunger you pull up to plug the sink, wasn't working and broken....you pulled it up and nothing happened. It wasn't a huge deal since we would never have used it anyway. Also that night when I went to shower, I turned the dial of the spicket to turn the water on and the handle broke off in my hand. I guess the threads of the handle were thin and it broke off. Again...not a huge deal. Also on the bathroom slider door, it was funny because the locking mechanism was on the outside of the door, which is weird, and it was all busted inside. Yet again no biggie but it made me think "this hotel is falling apart". But the thing that was kind of annoying was the last night we were there, we gave my son a bath. After his bath...the water wouldn't go down the drain, so when my wife and I showered we had to make it fast because the water level was rising and obviously we didn't want to overflow the tub since all our dirty body water was getting higher and higher. By morning it had drained so i'm guessing the drain was flowing slowly, but we had no issues showering the first and second night we were there.I also wish they had more ice machines because we were in 1501 and it was the absolute last room down the hall so going all the way across the hall down a looooooooong corridor for ice was kinda annoying. So like I said, none of these things really made us have a unpleasant experience (except the wading pool issue, we would have had so much more fun if our son could have gone in it) and I don't mean to nitpick, but over all we enjoyed The Orleans and if you wanna stay at a really reasonable casino/hotel without the hussel and bussel of the strip, I recommend staying here. We enjoyed it.
4	For a place in Vegas this place was not to bad.  I generally do not like vegas, but this place was large enough to offer variety without belong so large that you are over powered by the sheer size.  The food and rooms were more than satisfactory.  If I was to return to vegas I would stay here again.Hal
3	Very similar to Gold Coast, Comfortable, nothing fancy, great place to play the tables.  Most of the time not crazy crowded.  Best when you can get comp rooms.  It's off the strip  so it's not as loud but its a long walk if you don't have a car to the strip...
3	For 2 complimentary nights, I'm not complaining.  Although it doesn't quite (or AT ALL) live up to the standards of Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, or those other fancy schmancy hotels, it does have running water, no bed bugs, and the elevator works.  The pool is pretty big but it wasn't inviting to me.  Pool water was clear and blue and all, but it just didn't feel CLEAN to me.  I mean.....what pool IS in Vegas. We did have small children with us who couldn't quite reach the floor in the large pool so we headed over to the kids' pool where it had a 1 foot section on the outer perimeter and progresses to 3 feet towards the middle.  Other than that, I would say the Orleans is on the mediocre side.  If I had a choice, I would not return here.
5	I went to the movies and had a great time and the young lady in the snack area named Gaby was very nice and friendly and made the experience way better... I appreciate great customer service and she executed it very well
3	For the price, this hotel is a-ok. It is kinda dingy and smells bad. They don't do much to cover the cigarette smell. I'm not a gambler so I can only speak on behalf of the other offerings. There are a good amount of cheap food options in the food court as well as an oyster/seafood restaurant that I really wanted to try and a few other restaurants. The beds are basic and the bathrooms were clean. When our toilet became clogged (haha) the repair men were at our room in less than 10 minutes and fixed the problem really quickly. I REALLY wish they had a mini fridge in the room. Upon check-in they provide many coupons for the restaurants, ice cream, and beer. The pool was pretty basic but it was clean and I liked the small waterfall next to it. We had no problems finding a chair by the pool on a Friday afternoon. There were many kids at the pool so take that into consideration if you are bothered by that, or prefer it for your family. And if you're looking to visit the strip a lot, as we were, you're only about a $12 cab ride from the Mandalay Bay side of the strip.
4	Stayed here for a 4 1/2 day military reunion and was quite impressed.  We got a $29 per night off-season rate.   As others comment, the place is huge and has so many entertainment offerings, you could stay there slightly off-strip and get all the strip offers without leaving the complex.  And for those wanting to visit the strip, Orleans  provides a shuttle among its partner hotels and makes one stop at Bally's on the strip.Guest rooms were very nice but clearly designed to make guests please to sleep there but nudged to find food, drink and entertainment outside the room....no mini-frig or TV movies.  The array of on-site restaurants and price-ranges was commendable, and the buffets served at the reunion banquet was the best we have had at more than 6 prior reunions at different cities,  including resorts.   Even for a non-gambler, this was a good very experience.
3	I stayed here for the first time recently. I have to say there were no major complains at all. The room was advertised as a non-smoking room but it definitely smelled like cigarettes had been smoked recently in the room. Our friends room across the hallway had a funky musty scent- I preferred the smell of smoke to that smell. Other than that, the beds were comfortable enough and the room had enough space. It would have been useful had there been a mini-fridge.The hotel seemed very kid friendly, so it would be a great option for families. My friends and I went to the pool in the evening and it wasn't too crowded at all. There were families and young folk alike hanging out there. They played Top 40's music on the radio and had plenty of available seating. There was lots of gambling going on at the hotel, and lots of food choices. There were always taxis coming through, and the location is only about a $12-$14 cab ride to the strip. It was an enjoyable stay. I would definitely come here again.
4	Stayed 3 nights- Although the rooms and hallways may look a bit dated they are big & roomy with a great price to stay and play.  Pool area very relaxing.  The hotel staff is very friendly.
3	We got a great room for a great price here.  Can't complain!  Plenty of parking for RV's or oversized vehicles.
4	We went to The Orleans for the first time this past weekend. We mainly went because we wanted to try their poker tournament. WE LOVED IT! The staff was extremely friendly and very welcoming. That place has everything, even a movie theater! And a big plus is that they don't charge the Resort fees! So, if you are looking for a clean, friendly place to stay that's off the strip, but still close enough to drive to it, then this should be your place!
4	My boyfriend and I stayed at The Orleans for a 3-day, 3-night weekend in Vegas and definitely enjoyed it. When we first pulled up, I was amazed at the festiveness of the front of the casino section, decorated to look like the famous, colorful Bourbon Street in New Orleans. Walking in, everything has a New Orleans festivity about it, colorful and sparkling. A perfect welcome to Vegas.The rooms were clean and bigger than I expected. We got a higher up room so that we had a lovely view overlooking the city, especially at sunset. The resort fee comes with a safe, but no refrigerator. But really, it had everything we needed.There were only a couple of minor issues - one of the room keys didn't work at first, so we had to get that fixed, and still after that, the room key cards often took a few tries to work. Also, they didn't leave a "Do Not Disturb" sign to prevent our room from being cleaned during our stay (we like our privacy), so we had to flag down a housekeeper, but eventually they found one. So neither thing was a big deal.There are probably a dozen different restaurants on the first floor of the hotel, so we ate right there often either before we left in the morning or then at night. And we liked the casino; the boyfriend spent a lot of extra time on the slot machines while I was sleeping, and we could just come back up and take naps.The pool looked fantastic, too. I didn't actually have time to get in and swim around, but I stuck my feet in and hung out for a while a couple times just to chill. It's a big, clean pool, with a smaller wading pool and a hot tub and plenty of lounge chairs.I also enjoyed the mini arcade right outside the bowling alley, with DDR, which didn't seem to be very busy when I was there. The bowling alley looked fun, but we didn't get a chance to try it out. Same with the movie theatre!Really, I think The Orleans is a better value than any of the hotels on the Strip. Especially if you get a cheap rental car, like we did, it's just a few minutes' drive to the Strip, or you can find plenty of things to do without even leaving!
2	This review is for the BUFFET only! What word can I use to describe the buffet?....ummmmm..... HORRIBLE! Most everything I tasted there was not worth it. There's a reason why this buffet is one of the cheaper ones... Maybe the reviews I read about this buffet were older because clearly (in Sept 2013) it really isn't worth much! Save your $ to use for a more satisfying meal elsewhere!I will give them an additional star for having very clean facilities (including the ladies room).
5	I love this place. Yes it off the strip, but the service is great and ppl are super friendly.  It's a more older crowd and very family friendly.  Gambling is pretty good too... the rooms are HUGE compared to the standard rooms on the strip.  This place is an older building so don't expect the glitz and glamour, but for what you pay for, it's great.  The comforter in the room is just a piece of throw blanket, but the bed and pillows are comfortable.  There's also a nice sitting area in front of the bathroom near the ac.  So it may get a little chilly.  During the summer, it's GREAT!!  The prices are super awsome, especially if you have a players card.  Drinks at the alligator bar is cheap too... heffe and a vodka gimlet = $10.25... can't beat that... the water pressure in the bathtub is great and so is the shower head... I love staying here... and valet your car... it's worth it!!  They have a bowling alley and a movie theater on the property, so you don't have to leave the property as well.  They even offer shuttle service which is included in the resort fee of $9..99 per day.  The shuttle takes you to the strip and will pick you up after as well...
2	I am a frequent visitor to Las Vegas.  When I am broke and need a free room, this is where I head.  As well, there is low cost baby sitting when I travel with children.  There is a bowling alley and movie theatre to distract them too.However, the place is just better than average.  It is clean.  The rooms are really outdated.  That being said, the customer service is outstanding.  I guess since they are off strip, they try a little harder. There are only a few gaming tables and only half are ever open.  There are plenty of slots.
4	My wife and I have been to Las Vegas several times and only stayed off strip once (Rio). We had visited the Gold Coast resort once and found it fun and cheap to gamble and eat, but it was a little too run down to consider staying there. Our last trip was for business and only allowed us one afternoon to play. We decided to try the Orleans because it was new to us and a sister property to Gold Coast. We were pleasantly surprised by the visit! It had the benefits of the Gold Coast (cheap food and gambling), plus a newer appearance and very friendly staff. For:    Large casino and newer machines.            Food was very inexpensive. (25.00 for an all day buffet)           Property was well maintained and clean. Didn't get to see a room but                 would like to have           Food was good. Not five star but well worth the price (didn't try the            steakhouse).  Menu was reasonable though. Against: Off strip. We took a cab to property. Found out they do have              shuttles. Next trip to Vegas we are considering staying here and renting a car. Less expensive than staying on strip, especially if you have a B Connect card. I do wish they had packages available with air and hotel, that would make it easier to book.
3	Great low key hotel, close to the strip with good amenities from spa services (barber shop, mani, pedi, massages, facials, etc.). Great Swedish massages, and spa amenities from steam room, jacuzzi, quiet room, etc.  Very reasonable and good service.   Good gym and friendly staff.  Casino is lively, awesome music and bands....great weekend getaway hotel.  Restaurants are ok.  Pool and outside spa is nice...no cabana boys for beverage service, walk up bar..Eh what's up with that?
3	The Orleans is a favorite of ours for a local's casino. It's close to the house, and has a lot of amenities. I give it 3.5 stars because it's your average locals casino, and has a tendency to get extremely busy, especially on weekends.We enjoy the casino overall. It has a wide variety of restaurants such as Koji Japanese, TGI Fridays, Fuddruckers, The Prime RIb Loft, Canal Street, and a very good cafe. (TIP: courtyard cafe try the prime rib sandwich. YUM). There is  a very large casino with a variety of slot machines. The players club card is pretty good. We have gotten free play and many nice free gifts while only playing a little bit each week.Among some of the other amenities are a bowling alley, movie theater, liquor store, and live bands play usually nightly at the front bar.Overall a good place to hang out and have fun or grab lunch or dinner.
3	Just a fun casino west of the Vegas strip. Originally came here to take a break and watch a movie. But ended gambling a little and hanging out. I would like to try and spend night here next trip down.
4	my husband and I stayed here this past weekend. We also say here in June for my husband's bowling tournament . This is one of the best cheaper hotels in Las Vegas. In the past my husband I have stayed and many of the big fancy hotels.  This one isn't the highest quality, but the staff is very nice and the buffet is one of the best. it's a little bit off of the strip so you don't see a lot of the congestion down below. Parking is easy and convenient and the rooms are fairly clean. I looked on the bed bug Registry list  and saw a couple of postings from a few years ago, so I thought this place would be good enough and it what. My husband and I will stay here again if we can't get a room somewhere else because we really enjoy the environment and the people and winning at the machines.
4	Went here almost everyday while in Vegas, to play keno.  Loved their keno hall the most.   Now we are be connected members and they are very generous with giving out comps! We are considering going back, sooner than later.Never stayed in the hotel though.
2	This review is for the buffet only. I guess for $13.99 you can't expect much however all of the food was pretty bad. The only thing that I thought was good was the desert and ice cream. Much better buffets and if you need to spend an extra $7 to $10 do it.
5	The "BEST HOTEL & STAFF " in Las Vegas. October 19, 2013 I hosted my 50th Birthday Party in the Stardust Suite at the hotel. From the being Jay McPalmer and his sales staff were EXCELLENT and professional. The convention staff who set of the suite, food and beverages were EXCELLENT. Thank you to Carlos and your staff and your supervisor.  If you plan on having a party or event in the future I suggest you book it at the Orleans Hotel. Finally, my friends and family who stayed at the hotel were very impressed with the cost and size of the rooms.  They also loved taking the free shuttle to the strip.  "BEST IN VEGAS".
4	Off the Strip about a mile, a middle class hotel and you can't beat the price at $39 per night,and free internet. Rooms are large suite style  but showing a bit of age, large bathroom but toilet is not separate from the main restroom so it's a one person room unless you don't mind someone in there while you do your business. Good valet Parking and plenty for the family bowling alley, games, little shops & snack centers.. Dining you've got a large variety from upper end to a cafe and take out food. The only down side is it is off the strip and has a few vagrants in the area.
4	Great rates, decent room, great food selections, huuuuge bowling alley, even a movie theater.  Oh and of course great table dealers.
5	I love this place! We stay here every time we go to Vegas. It's off the strip but I like that.  I can enjoy Vegas with out being on the noisy strip.  We bring our daughter usually too. They have a great daycare which she loves. They also have a movie theatre and a bowling alley. It's a huge plus for us being so kid friendly. It's fun for our whole family. We also love the pool. Their rooms are pretty spacious too. Unlike most ordinary hotel rooms it's quite roomy complete with a couch on the far end. It's great since my family wants to sleep I can sit over there and read without bothering them.  We are player card members of Boyd Gaming and we often get free rooms and discounts. We make the trip here from CA about 3 times a year. It's one of our favorite mini vacation spots. I would rather stay here than any hotel on the strip anyway!!!
2	There's a lot of cheap places to stay in Vegas, but most are rat holes. This is not the case with The Orleans. You can tell Boyd Gaming goes out of their way to keep this place clean & modern. With that being said I recently stayed there for 5 nights and a couple of things really bothered me. Even though the room I stayed in was updated and had a modern bathroom area the first thing I noticed when I opened the door to the room and turned on the lights were huge and nasty stains in the carpet. Some of the stains were huge. If I was an executive at Boyd that room would be not rented out again until that carpet was replaced. If I'm not mistaken it was room 1552, or something close to that. The second thing that really bothered was I placed a $50 bet on the Monday Night Football game, and at sports bet they do not offer you free drink tickets you have to ask for them. I asked the guy who took my bet if I could have a drink ticket, and he actually gave 2. Shortly thereafter we left The Orleans because we had show tickets at another casino, and were meeting another couple for dinner. The following day around lunchtime I walked up to the bar right by the sports bet area, and ordered a Miller Lite. I gave the bartender one of the free drink slips and a dollar tip. I started walking away and the bartender was calling me to come back. I turned around, and he said I owed him $4 for the Miller Lite. He said my free drink slip was dated for yesterday. The first thing that came to my mind was "So what, if The Orleans is going to comp me a drink for betting what's the difference if it was yesterday, today, tomorrow, or the next day". The bartender said he couldn't turn that free drink ticket in because it had yesterday's date on it, and he'd have to pay for my Miller Lite. I hope The Orleans really put that $4 to good use because I had a couple days left there, and I went out of my way not to gamble or eat there the remaining of my stay. The Orleans lost hundreds of dollars over that free drink ticket, and even though I've stayed there the last half dozen, or so, times I visited Vegas I'm not sure I'd stay there again. Like my mom used to say "It's the little things".
2	The rooms are nice for off strip hotel and not very expensive.The service though is consistent with the price.I guess that's why they are understaffed.There are no signs when you drive up for check-in and was very confusing. The rude valet admonished us for being so dumb and had us drive around again.If you want a taxi you are on your own as well as cocktail service in the casino bars. I guess alcohol is not a profit center.
4	Not on the strip but its a really nice place to stay. Your away from all the vegas traffic. Walgreens and 7/11 is right down the street and In N Out is not to far either. The rooms are big, bed was comfy. The only thing  is the restroom had one door for the toilet, shower and dressing area.  So, if someone was getting ready u would have to go out so someone can use the restroom. Rooms were pretty clean, carpet could use a good cleaning. Front hotel staff was nice and the lady that checked us in was able to get our whole party on the same floor. When we called down for a late check in for someone from our party they held a room on our floor so we could all be together. The bell bag service was fast. Valet was quick the first time but when we were leaving it took long.  All in all I would come back to this hotel again and I would recommend it to my friends and family.
4	The locals hotel. I like most of the food places here except the buffet and country cafe. Love the coasta cantina. The hotel rooms are average at the right price. My wife and i stayed here and enjoyed it. Went to the bar got free drinks gambling at the bar it was fun. Nice kick back placed. Not too crazy. not super crowded. My kinda place when i am trying to sleep inexpensively
5	Best place in vegas period,been going here for 10 years even though I can have free rooms at Paris or any Caesars property.Canal ST has bomb filet mingon poker room is great,valet guy is a buckeye fan which shows he is very smart. The rooms are good and clean great overall experience.my wife has hit 2 jackpots on the maradi gras machine for 12k and 22 k ,stayed on the strip at the flamingo about 3 months ago and didn't last 1 night ,try the Orleans you won't regret it.
1	While playing a slot machine here, I had my new iPhone stolen when I looked away for a moment to get my drink. I thought maybe I had dropped it, and retraced my steps. I found security to tell them and ask for help. Being in a casino, I was happy that they had it on video. Security brought out a manager who took my information. I tried calling my phone, but it had been turned off. That's when the manager informed me that the particular area I was in was not being recorded, and could do nothing to help. The manager even acted rude like I was wasting his time and should have been paying attention. This place will never see my business again, that's for sure.
3	For some reason i tend to come here once a month and always feel like I need a tetanus shot. Its cheap fun and if you loose you can't really lose big since table mins are so low.
4	This is great hotel plenty of things to do .lots of great places to eat ! Great casino action and all the decor is superb. Great concert venue we saw Kenny Wayne shepherd and it was awesome not a bad seat in the house ! Defiantly worth the trip!
3	This hotel was ok.  It's a little further from the strip than I thought.  But there is a shuttle that drops you off I think at Bally's.  The price during the week is really cheap, but like all hotels it jumps to like $70 on the weekend.  And for that price I expect to have a refrigerator in my room (but that's extra).  The beds were nice and comfy and it was very quiet on my floor. Oh, and when you first pull up, don't be surprised by the scantily clad girls walking by outside.  I think they're hookers but I didn't see them in the hotel.
4	Love this hotel my party and I will be back!  The pool was heated and open this time of the year (I went during Turkey Week) and the Jacuzzi was large enough to literally swim in.  I am not a gambler at all, however I was in need of a hotel with reasonable rates in regards to the "resort fee's"  I also had no desire to be on the strip.  I'll go to the strip not the strip coming to me lmao!Well I spend $27 for an all day access to the main buffet restaurant, which is handy if your coming and going all day.  I love the theater and actually forgot about the bowling alley.  Really no need to leave the hotel they have everything. They also have a free shuttle that takes you down to the strip which is handy.  I completely enjoyed myself here I felt safe the room was clean only thing was the amount of children.  Guess we just can't get away from em who brings kids under 16 and in buggies to a casino?  So I have to assume it's a family friendly hotel which is a perk if your bringing romper room with you.  ; )P.s.  my rates were lower per night since I was there during the weekday and left for Cali for my actual Turkey Holiday.  So do your homework.
1	Had a terrible visit. Stayed for three nights and the room was not cleaned the entire time.  Had to complain in the evening when I returned to the room and ready to rest, then wait for over an hour for housekeeping to finally clean and replenish supplies.  Same experience the second night.  Was told that if housekeeping cannot enter the room prior to 10am, they do NOT check back to clean later in the day.  Room also had defective heater unit which squeezed and banged, keeping us awake all night.  Also no towel bars in the bathroom, holes in the wall where they used to be.  When I mentioned the defective items in the room to the front desk staff, they had excuses and a don't care attitude.  Was hoping they would of noted the problems and made corrections.  Would not recommend the Orleans and will not stay here again!
3	For an off strip casino, I was pleasantly surprised.  Let's face it, it is dated and not extraordinary.  But the casino is large with plenty of slots and cheap table games.  I only come here to find $5 table games since the strip is a difficult place to find cheap tables.  Dealers are friendly and helpful.
5	We held our wedding reception at The Orleans in October (in the Stardust Suite), and the entire staff of the hotel was absolutely fabulous. From the room to the food to the service, all of our needs were completely taken care of at a price that was far more reasonable than every other hotel that we priced. The Orleans also gave our guests a great discount on room rates, and everyone who stayed on site had nothing but great things to say. If you're thinking about holding your wedding reception in Las Vegas, I'd definitely recommend The Orleans - it's one of the best hotels in Vegas on or off of the strip.
1	Very terrible service. I booked and paid for three hotel rooms with 2 beds for my whole family with 8 people online.When we arrived to the hotel and we are getting ready to check in, they told me that there is no more 2 beds rooms available at this time. They only have 1 beds. They said tbey cannot gurantee the rooms !!! They even gave us wrong hotel keys to someone else's hotel room. We were so surprised walking into an occupied room. We had to come back to the front desk and file a complaint. We ended up taking the 1 beds room since the kids were tired. A few of us slept on the floor. I will never recommend coming back with such bad service they provided.
1	My husband and I were trying to have a little romantic staycation with a comp night. Checked in at 3pm to make sure we could get a room close to elevator and non smoking since I'm30 weeks pregnant and when I called the lady kept trying to give me a smoking room. Having the room key we went about having an evening out, gambling and listening to the lounge entertainment. Around 10ish this pregnant woman couldn't take anymore and wanted to go to bed, where we found the room cold so my husband attempts to turn on heat. Not working. Called front desk and after being put on hold for 10 mins they tell me they will put in a work order. Facilities guy comes up and realized that the whole system has to be replaced because it keeps popping the fuses. Apparently this room has had problems and they knew cuz we heard "yeah its 1041" on the radio when he was calling for another unit. My husband calls front desk to tell them it's cold and I'm tired only to be told by some girl that its too bad and she can't do anything. Never offered to change our room. So needless to say at midnight they were changing out system in our cold room. Topping our stay off with in the morning my husband was using the bathroom and they just came in to clean the room. Hello, bathroom has no locks and it wasn't check out yet.  So much for a romantic staycation, I didn't get rest and it made for a bad Saturday night. Manager this morning even asked me "what would you like me to do?" Really?? Thinking time to get employees who can help keep guests happy.
3	Got a pretty good deal on this place for New Years Eve and the day before/after.  While it looks fairly close to the strip on the map it is too far to walk over, and in the winter too cold at night.  This poses some problems for NYE since the cabs are disorganized and you have to wait a very long time in the middle of the night to get a ride back to the place.  Other than that it is a decent deal: there is a free shuttle to the strip at various times.  Older customers in general but more laid back and less glitzy, bigger rooms, nice restaurants, and overall clean and well run.
3	I enjoy coming here for a movie or two on the weekdays.  It's not crowded, it's easy to access, and it's clean.  You can't ask for more.
3	I come here to play poker and occasionally watch a movie.  If you come here you will reek of smoke.  This is worse than the Korean BBQ aftermath when you smell like kalbi.  I end up washing my clothes immediately after I'm here because I smell like an ashtray.   The poker room has tons of tables and lots of action  - mainly senior citizen.  I'm usually the youngest at the table I'm in my 30's.  Food options are decent - Fuddruckers, Subway, and then their oyster bar is decent but obv not as good as Palace Station.
1	This is my first time staying at a hotel in Las Vegas in years.  I usually stay at a Timeshare.  However, I don't remember hotels having such poor air filtration systems. From the moment I stepped foot into this hotel, all I could smell was smoke.  So if you suffer with asthma and sinus problems, and are allergic to mold, and house dust, don't stay here.  I attended a convention that was hosted by the hotel so I was busy from the time I arrived. I wanted to complain, but I had no time or energy to complain when I was steady on the go with 2 small kids.  When I did check out of the hotel, the front desk clerks were not the happiest, most approachable or personable.  I didn't waste my time asking for a manager, I had a flight to catch and being bothered with that negative energy was not at the priority of my list.The room I stayed in was old, smelly and humid in the colder month of January.  My 2 small kids were with me as well.  They are 2 and 8 years old.  I remember my daughter complaining about her nose and throat because of the smoke.  Upon our return home, I now have a sinus infection and so does my 2 year old daughter.  So now one week after my stay at the hotel with poor air quality, I am still paying for it with our doctor visits and prescription medicine.
4	I love this hotel. Lots of fun family things to do. A great change from the Vegas strip. There's a 24 hour bowling ally!!!! How awesome. I love all the locals and "real" people. No glits no glam. Just gambling and fun. Some people here can be creepy looking but that just ads to the adventure of "off strip" hotels
2	I'm giving 2 stars because the smoke inside the casino is so thick you could cut it with a knife. The hotel itself is an ok place to visit. The bowling alley and movie theatre are nice. The buffet is ok not great but due to the smoke I had a sore throat the whole time. They were also remodeling rooms close to mine while I was there which was really annoying due to the loud hand tools.
5	The Orleans Hotel has 35 dollar rooms that are huge. Great views and well kept. I was just there again and still am please with the price performance of this property. I love the 18 screen theatre and the independent screen too! I found the 70 lane bowling to be incredible that is is above the casino and most don't even know it exists! The events facility has all the big sports, but wait - with all this the parking is SO EASY. None of the marathon hikes to get to anything. This place is off the strip so access and parking area dream. I also love Koji's chinese and sushi bar and the pasta place is fab too!All in all a good deal, no, a great deal!
5	Had a great stay here with my wife and child,  can't complain about anything here.  Friendly staff,  good food, clean environment, free shuttle to the strip, spacious rooms. Nothing to complain about here:)
1	If I could give zero stars I sure would. Came here for cheer convention. Reserved a double bed for three people they only had a single bed when we arrived. My daughters poor friend had to sleep on the little couch that's half the width of a twin bed. Then no extra blankets, the beds were awful I could feel every spring in the mattress. To top it off thin walls I can hear my neighbors on both sides. Terrible terrible!!! Never will I ever attend cheer here again!! They shouldn't hv an event here if they can't accommodate the capacity. Did I mention the line of 50+ people just to get into the elevator.
2	I'm giving them 2 stars because there is a cheer competition here and the place is crazy this weekend, but, if they are not prepared and staffed for an event like this one, they should not be hosting it! We arrived last night around 6pm, after 40 minutes in line to check in, we were told our room was not yet ready. We were, however, offered a concierge-level room at a higher price, which we accepted rather than waiting. I've got to say though that for the extra $5/night they charged it was worth it to have a quieter room even if we had to change from 2 doubles to a king. We tried to call housekeeping for some extra towels, but at 9pm, got voicemail and they never bothered to respond. Room service in the morning took a very long time and was mediocre. I was put on hold 3 times when ordering at 6:30am. Their coffee tasted like nothing. I had asked for extra hasbrowns because my daughter is on an anti-egg kick. Instead of substituing extra hashbrowns for the eggs, they just sent up another side order and charged us extra.  At 8am, we walked down to the arena to drop my daughter off for her call time, I returned to the room and left at 9:15am to go to the arena for her 10am performance. The wait was an hour to buy tickets, but I found out you could buy them online as long as you were willing to pay an additional fee. (sensing a theme?) After the performance, we got coffee (another 40 minute wait) then to a movie, which was pretty nice. We were the only ones in our theater at 11:45am on a Saturday, so had a private showing. Came back to the room at 2pm, and still had our dishes from breakfast in the room and no maid service. And, I have to say the bathrooms are really outdated and odd. Not only is there not a door separating the toilet/shower from the vanity/closet area, but the one door from the room to the bathroom is a really heavy, clumsy slider. Top it off, there is a window in the shower, so if you don't shut the bathroom door when you go to bed, you get light at night and then again in the morning. Just as comparison, we recently stayed at the Hilton in San Jose for a similar competition, the room was only about $10-15 more and the service was excellent, both at the hotel at at the event and the room was WAY nicer. And, despite the Orleans being fairly close to Walgreens and some other convenience places, this neighborhood is very, very sketchy ay night. We went to Walgreens to get water after vising Coke/M&M World. A guy on a harley screamed at me for driving too slowly (which as anyone who knows me knows I am not a slow drvicer!) and there were a bunch of homeless people outside. We had tried to stop at a gas station convenience store first, but there were even more shady looking people outside.
4	Pretty nice hotel for the price. Rooms are clean and well stocked. Lack of power outlets was a bummer. They also charge for fridge and there is no microwave. All in all a nice place to stay. Great food court and the arcade was a hit with the family. I would stay again.
4	Casino is happy, clean, and upbeat. New Orleans theme with slick gator door handles on the main entrance doors and cute gator statues playing blues/jazz when you walk in. Decent ventilation (not super smoky) but seemed like they were piping in a vanilla smell throughout the casino which I didn't really like - better than smoke though ;)
4	Just checked out after a 3 night/4day stay and really enjoyed my stay here. The hotel is huge and there is a ton of things to do here with the kids! Bowling alley is open 24 hours and movie theatre shows all the new movies. Room was spacious, bathroom was spacious and the hotel and room were pretty clean. Didn't smell of smoke like some others reviews say it did. Cleaning staff cleaned and made our beds daily gave us fresh towels daily. Lots of restaurants to eat in the hotel and it's a nice stay away from the busy strip but not far from the strip either!! We will def be staying here again!!!
2	This place is the theme park version of your favorite Delta city- only smokier. And without the amazing food to redeem itself. On the bright side, they provide shuttles so apparently they're aware of their limited ability to hold people's interest.Initially came by because they were hosting the western conference- there was also a Golden State game on, so I planned to hang in the sportsbook to get some action and watch both simultaneously. Unfortunately, the sports book here is stuck in time- the majority of TVs seemed dated and the larger screens were not even on. There is a limited number of nice chairs, and a lot of individual TV screens with buttons that do not work and no way to access the expanded channels with the preferred games.As a result, BF and I sat apart to watch the games, and were peering up at two lone screens showing the GS game that were probably a good 80 feet away. I could barely make out the scores, let alone follow the plays and determine whether the calls were valid. Not a place to watch a game, at all.Also, this is a SPORTS book. Is there any reason whatsoever for the fact that every other screen was showing not a game, but music videos? And old ones, at that: we're talkin' the Cranberries and Bob Marley. Not sure who fell asleep at the controls, but that's pretty bad for a place that's hosting a sports game to be so clueless in their execution of a sports book.
2	Upon stepping into the Orleans you first notice the smell. For those of you not familiar with Mens washrooms that smell that hits you is the unforgettable odor of urinal cakes. Quite an introduction. But as you enter the nether regions of the casino that smell is replaced with cigarette and cigar smoke, yay. The sportsbook is high-tech...for the 70s. If you've ever been to LVH, The Palms or any strip casinos sportsbook you will laugh when you see the Orleans version. Oh well, time to grab a beer and relax. Yeah, good luck because the bartenders are hands down the slowest and worst in town. But on the plus side there is a plethora of scantily clad black hookers to choose from.
3	Old hotel and casino, but it has a lot of nice qualities. The arena has hockey, and there is a bowling ally and arcade for kids.The buffet is good, and reasonably priced. The gator bar has the cheapest drinks in Vegas I'm convinced! Ask for Spider!
3	I actually didn't stay in the Casino lol more like walked through it to get to the theater.If I had to review the casino itself, I would say smoky ...very smoky and lots of people just sitting around sticking their hard earned money into the machine lol.  I am not a gambler so I just observed what I saw while passing through.  But on the other hand the theater was pretty nice.  It was big and very clean.  We went to see the Lego Movie (don't laugh) it was pretty cool but it also was 1 am and at that hour everything looks good lol.  Check out their theater it was not even crowded l am so use to theaters being crowed in So Calif. so this was a welcome change.  Go check it out.  xooxox
3	You get what you pay for. The rooms are spacious but just ok. The layout is horrible. You have to walk the full length of the property to get from the parking to your room.
4	Recently stayed here for first time and will definitely be back. First of all the obvious- its not on the strip. For those enamored with the strip this is not the place for you. To me this was a great positive- have been there done that. The strip wears me out. I really liked being away from all the craziness. As far as the hotel it has everything you need. Nice restaurants- a pool- movie theatre, good gaming options- nice race and sports book. Unlike so many casinos it is very easy to get around- a nice logical set up. People who work here are all very nice (except for maid who kept coming into room on check out day when I had sign on). Tremendous value for your dollar will definitely stay again
3	I stayed here in March for the WCC basketball tourney. I would say ehh. Its OK, but thats about as far as I would go. The basketball arena was great, and I suppose for the prices it was ok, but even those were jacked up a bit.My only major complaint was the smell of my room. It was not pleasant. I didnt spend a ton of time in it so didnt make a big deal about it, but not good.It is off the strip and it isnt meant to be a glamorous hotel. I appreciated the easy parking and the fact that it wasnt so huge it took 10 minutes to get anywhere. I will be back for the tourney, but unsure if I would stay there again.Also, food options are very limited. There is a Chiles, and a buffet, along with  small food court. Kind of limited.
4	I am still at a age to where a room in Vegas is just a place to sleep and to get ready to go out. So to spend tons of money on a room doesn't make any sense to me. That being said I do want to be at a solid location. For the cost this place is solid. I was there to work, so the room was just a place to sleep. It has plenty of kids options and the gambling areas are massive.   So if you are the type to hole up for the weekend in the room I wouldn't recommend this place, spend the money at a nicer hotel -----otherwise this is a good place to stay.
4	WHERE THE BIG EASY MEETS VIVA LAS VEGAS   The Orlean's is a New Orleans themed hotel & Casino. I see it as an indoor theme park where the theme is to try to win money and have fun in a faux New Orleans. Big Al the Alligator is the mascot of this indoor theme park. He is to the Orlean's what Micky Mouse is to Disneyland.  At the main entrance he stars with the alligator statues playing jazz in a scene that welcomes guests to the Orlean's.  Last week was the fourth time this scene welcomed me as a guest in the Orlean's when I walked in the casino during my staycation. And, I have a lot to say. The Orleans is the best of both worlds. It is a Boyd local's casino and a Strip corridor tourist casino. It is off of Tropicana Avenue about a mile west of the Las Vegas Strip. Depending on traffic, around every half hour, the Boyd shuttle runs between the Orlean's & Bally's from 9 am to 12:30 am. Guests & B-card members get priority. For the record they never checked. The parking garage is easy in easy out where the surface parking is hit & miss.  If you read my reviews, you know I love eating. The Orlean's has good dining options. Their French Market Buffet is better than some of the hyper-priced Strip buffets. The 24-hour Courtyard Cafe serves good food at reasonable prices. Near the parking garage is the food court featuring Fuddruckers, Sbarro, Subway, & Baskin Robins. Near registration, Java Coffee is a nice spot to relax with a Starbuck's coffee and Krispy Kreme Donut. And there is Friday's, Sushi, steak house, and an oyster bar.  If you read my reviews, you know I like drinking & having a good time. This is a casino with cool bars. There is Brendan's Irish Pub. I prefer this bar when it is quiet. And they made a good Blue Hawaiin that was around $7.  In the heart of the casino there are New Orlean's themed bars with serious attention to the motif. They are the Alligator Bar, Crawfish Bar, & Mardi Gras Bars. The drafts beer at the casino bars start at $3.50 for Budweiser. Near the main entrance is the Bourbon Lounge. At night it is a nice spot to take in a live covers band. One night a country act played here. This past Saturday, a covers act played soft music featuring Barry White's "Love Theme." Reading my reviews, you see I like entertainment.  The Orlean's has a bowling alley, movie theaters, a decent resort pool, and an arena. The arena is the home of the Las Vegas Wrangler's ice hocky. And there is a plush showroom that I remember being comfortable many moons ago when we saw the Pointer Sisters.  All this stuff costs money. With that said, I enjoy moderate gambling with the hopes of winning some money. My game of choice is Caveman Keno. The Orlean's is a go-to casino for Keno players. There is a Keno lounge surrounded by Game Maker keno machines. This past Saturday I gambled near the Bourbon Lounge overhearing the music of Barry White and soft rock. $5 kept me in action for an hour. In that hour, the cocktail waitress delivered two Blue Hawaiins & a Coke.  The Orlean's is a relatively safe place to stay. There is a security guard by the elevators. All we did was flash our room card to get on the elevator.  So in reality a bad guy could blend in with a crowd holding an old room card. Security is a good deterent and they also have a presence throughout the casino & parking garage.  Room 1248 wasn't a Bellagio suite, however,  it was comfortable. I slept very well on the soft bed. Room 1248 overlooked the resort pool. This brings up the point that most rooms most likely have a nice view. The west facing rooms in the t-shaped tower overlook Red Rock Canyon and the east facing rooms overlook the Strip. Maid service was on the ball. And compared to the Strip hotels, the rates are a steal. I have seen close to a $100 price difference between the Orlean's and Strip properties.  I am a fan of the theme casinos. The casinos that overdo it with stuffness are blah. The hotel casinos that do a fantastic job with the theme are unique and fun. The Orlean's is a theme hotel casino that is fun to the degree that I themed its review after an indoor theme park. I am a fan of indoor theme parks and will most likely return to the hotel casino where the Big Easy meets Viva Las Vegas.
1	My boyfriend and I visited on Saturday 4/12 to play some video keno on the older Game King machines that seem to be phasing out everywhere else. THAT was awesome, but the thing that made us leave after just 30 minutes of play was the length of time it took to even spot a cocktail waitress and the quality of the drinks. My Long Island iced tea was mostly Coke with a little sweet and sour, I really didn't detect any alcohol. Not worth the $1 tip and I didn't drink it. My boyfriend's margarita was far worse. It was all mix (tequila? where?) and the mix was truly disgusting. It had a weird musty bread taste to it. Definitely undrinkable. If you just order beer, you're probably safe. Me? I'll just keep going to the Palazzo/Venetian where the gaming is good AND you get high quality free drinks.
5	I am a first timer to this event and it did not disappoint! The event was packed and full of beauties! The Rockabilly community was amazing. The event was well organized and security was on point. They had great performers lined up along with a massive amount of vintage cars. There were rows upon rows of cars and engines to peek at. I was checking out the girls and their fashion more than anything! I love it. The event had plenty of sellers that offered specialty clothes, makeup, hair products, accessories, and parts for cars.  They also had a fashion show and a pet adoption event.  It reminded me a lot of the OC Fair. What prevented us from enjoying the entire event was the weather....even though it was on the cooler side, it was still a bit too hot to do everything we wanted to do. I did notice that there weren't any food vendors just alcohol and beverage vendors on ground. But, nonetheless,  it was still a great experience and worth the event to check out!
3	So we had to stay here because my daughter's softball team was staying here.Overall, it was better than I expected.I was happy with the food choices, and there were low minimums on the table games, even on friday night.and the ice machine was working like a champ, even though there were quite a few of us lined up, filling our coolers.my only gripe would be the beds.  my bed was the most uncomfortable thing ever. it had a big valley along the middle  but folding the other way. if that makes sense.  idk how else to explain it. some of the other moms on the team said their beds were great, so i guess it's just luck whether you get an old one or a new one.  we were all in the same hallway area, so no rhyme or reason to it.
4	I've stayed at The Orleans on two separate occasions, and have also frequented the Orleans even when I've stayed on the strip.  Overall I've had no complaints and absolutely love it here.  Only downside is it's off strip, but they do offer free shuttles to and from the strip every 15 minutes or so.CHECK-IN/FRONT DESK - 4 StarsThe front desk staff is very friendly and helpful.  Both times I've been there for check-in, there have been long lines at the front desk, but the line moved along swiftly.HOTEL ROOM - 4 StarsThe regular rooms at The Orleans are definately larger than any standard room you will find on the Strip or Downtown.  Not only will you find a decently sized bathroom and the regular bed/dresser/TV area, but all rooms have extra space with couches.  The rooms are also pretty modern and kept very clean.  If you can, request a Strip View room, even if it's an additional fee, it's well worth it.  Love the view of the strip from the Orleans.  You can see everything from TI to Mandalay.CASINO - 5 StarsHonestly, this has to be one of my favorite casinos in Vegas.  It's very spacious, plenty of table games and slot machines, and the theming is among the best in Vegas if you ask me.  Dealers, cocktail servers and pit bosses are also very friendly and will strike up conversation with you very easily.  Since it's off-strip, you can also find $5 tables almost any time of the day, everyday of the year.DINING - 4 StarsWhile the Orleans doesn't boast the best restaurants in Vegas, it they're still very good.  The Prime Rib Loft offers up great steaks, chops, and of course prime rib with a friendly staff.  The buffet is outstanding with a great variety of food and also has a friendly staff.  You also cannot beat the price of this buffet. About $8 for breakfast with $1 off if you're a B Connected Players Club Member or a guest of the hotel.  The Courtyard Cafe' is also another good place to go if you're looking for a good meal at a great price.  They also have some great night owl specials (such as Steak and Eggs).BARS -  3 Stars  Again, in my opinion the Orleans really doesn't boast too much for the bar scene, but I do like how the casino bars are all Mardi Gras themed and have different names.  There is also a bar by the main entrance of the casino that has live music on the weekends.  This is not part of my review, but - What would be cool is if they would put in a Mardi Gras area.  Kind of like the Forum Shops at Caesars with a sky painted ceiling, but it would be a New Orleans street theme instead of Roman.  Could boast bars, clubs, restaurants, etc.STAFF - 5 StarsFrom the front desk staff to the restaurant/bar staff to the casino staff, the Orleans boasts very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful staff members.
4	Great place for the price!  It is definitely off the strip, but nicer than I had expected.  I would recommend a higher floor ?we stayed on 17) and our friend said our room was much nicer and newly renovated than his (floor 9).  The pool is nice and not overly crowded.  Not big on gambling, but there seemed to be plenty of games to choose from.
4	The Orleans is the true local's hotel and casino in every sense of the meaning. If you have kids or teens, the arcade here is popular, as well as the bowling alley and movie theaters upstairs. Great selection of food court and restaurants, you've got plenty of options to choose from (Subway, Baskin Robbins, Fuddruckers, TGIFriday's, Courtyard Cafe, etc.) If there's any shows in town, the Orleans Area has convention ballrooms and literally a HUGE arena that hosts concerts, hockey, and whatever else you can name.$5 minimum blackjack tables? You can't get any better than that! The best thing is The Orleans is located 5 minutes west from The Strip, so you can easily access it from Tropicana straight up. This is one of the casinos I direct tourists to, just because The Strip in itself can definitely become a money trap, but The Orleans is more catered to a blend of tourists and locals. Have always enjoyed my time here, and is a great place to meet up for locals if you're feeling lucky to gamble, but don't want to deal with the traffic and crowds on The Strip!
5	Great choice for anyone on a budget like me. Rooms were clean, security guard was funny, staff was friendly and helpful. Accepts cash for security deposit. Would definitely stay here again - got 2 queens for $50 after the resort fee. Shuttle to the strip included in resort fee. Play the mermaid penny slot machine it is the best one !!!
5	We at first had a ok experience than it went down hill from there. Didn't get checked on in over 20 mins. After our waitress came and check on us we told her about our Facebook check in for a free beer. She told us she had to get a manager to verify it. We watched her walk to the manager and he went somewhere else grabbed fries and walked right past us. We were pissed off by that. Than we asked for a different manager and ny this time we were really mad and yelling. A new manager band Mike came and helped us. Took care of us. I know it was a busy time when we got there but Mike still took time out of the busy day to help us. He turned a bad experience into a good one.
3	The Orleans is host to many many different types of shows and events. The rooms are larger than average and are clean which is a must! The casino has a very energetic vibe and has many restaurants to choose from which are all very very good. Theres a movie theater, bowling, live music and many bars. Its almost as if they don't want you to leave the property!It is a very good deal and you will enjoy your stay. I enjoyed my last 6 stays
4	Loved this sweet little place. Tons of restaurants, cheap drinks, nice rooms, nothing fancy but clean. The pool is nice, the gym is good, spa good. Free shuttle to the strip. Can't be beat for the price. Don't expect high end. Just good service and good prices.
2	Love this place . Nicer than I expected . Beautiful spacey rooms for its price . I would only come back if they are more lienient with the comps. If I play more than half the day and whether I  loose or win I expect to at least get a meal on the house. Table games supervisory is horrible at comping other players when they've clearly seen you loose....! I see it all the time. Okay, okay, I get that machines build more points than table games but they really need to be more generous if they see you really play a lot . I hope to come back and see this improvement ...
1	Worst place to stay ever. We were locals, looking for a night out  while my mom was in town to watch the kids. I would give this no stars if possible. I checked in at 620pm for check in, upon arrival they asked me if I would like to upgrade to the pent house, for a small fee, I agreed. When we got to the room it stunk of the plate of old spaghetti and various plates of other food. The bed had obviously been slept in, and there were empty bottle all over the floor. When I called down to the front desk, the woman wad rude when I suggested perhaps a free night since the room was in chaos when we arrived and clearly not fit for us to stay in. I must say in the end I'm glad she was so rude. The bed was so hard and the pillows so uncomfortable, that at 2 am we agreed to just pack up and go home.
2	The Orleans Buffet was disappointing. The brunch selection was plain, not much flavor. It seemed like they were just coasting, not trying hard to provide tasty, quality food. The hash browns were not crunchy (which I love) and even with salt they were plain and boring. The staff were depressed and looked like they were miserable, almost every interaction was met with a blank stare and unfriendly attitude. I wanted to tell them jeez if it's this bad, find another job! The desert lady was the only one who smiled as she served us. Not coming back, too many other places where I feel more comfortable with better food and pricing.
3	I have been going to this casino for years-- not just to gamble, but to hang out. Back in the day, The Orleans was the hot-spot for young teenagers. You have a movie theater, an arcade, bowling, and fun restaurants to try! It is definitely a local favorite! Now, it is just getting really old. Nowadays, I just go here to gamble with friends and family for fun and eat at the cafe for their late-nights special! For hotel rooms- it is super cheap to get a room here! It is off the strip so its not as busy and expensive! I have been to the Presidential Suite at the very top floor and must I say.. wow! It is HUGE, clean and fun to have a small get-together or even a nice suite when you are out here in Vegas. There is not much of a view to see... of course its on the Strip, but it is still nice. I give this place 3 STARS only because it is getting pretty old and cleaning and service could be better. Overall, I would still come back and if I have family in town, I wouldn't mind telling them about this hotel to stay at!
4	Clean rooms, and decent prices throughout the year. We stayed the second night of Memorial Day weekend here, and took the cab to the strip. Much better than one of the cheapo places closer to the action. Our bathroom shower even had a view of The Strip! The rooms are large, and the beds are comfortable and clean. ****The casino itself feels new if you don't compare it to the brand new locations on The Strip, and has a great screening area for big games. The only downside outside of location is that it's clientele is a mix of families and seniors. Not very lively. ****
3	I Attend a annual Rockabilly Event Viva Las Vegas here its great for this event ! The Ball Rooms Have a lot of Room and Air so you can move and dance about very nicely.Tom Ingram Hosts this even at this hotel its Great Every Year.
4	The Orleans means good food in their buffet, which is decently priced. Breakfast is to die for, with excellent custom-made omelets and good ambiance, for a buffet. I've enjoyed the Orleans for years, since 2002 when I came to Vegas to live. It's just like Bourbon Street inside and outside, the way it's decorated. It is moderately noisy, so be prepared. The food selection is excellent for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Including Crawfish fixed Cajun style for dinner. If you enjoy a nice atmosphere in a moderately-aging place, The Orleans is it.
5	It's the best! This is my go to spot on Vegas, crowds aren't too large and you're not waiting forever for a taxi and they have a shuttle too! Rooms are decent, clean and big you can probably squeeze five people in a room cuz they have a couch!
4	I suppose the 4 stars are generous, but what was I to expect? The bowling alley was busy with a waiting time for the lanes. I was very glad that my party and I came at an earlier period. The downside to being placed at the far end of the alley is that the majority of the lighter weight bowling balls were no where to be found. My choices were in the 14 lbs. range; not a pretty sight when you're expected to play two games. Otherwise, it was clean and all around hearty with laughter and family fun.We visited the movie theaters as well. Clean, air conditioned. We experienced the XD theater: very cushy seats, extremely large interior. It was very nice to have some room to spread out vs. the Palms Hotel and Casino on Monday nights. The snack stand staff were top of the line. While myself and friend couldn't decide what to eat or drink for a while, one of the gentlemen behind the counter offered us cups of water while we waited. I can't guarantee this will happen to every customer every time, but still, it was reassuring.I would not mind coming around here again.
1	Surprised out of my mind !  In the many years I have lived in Vegas and all the visits I have paid The Orleans Casino I have never been through such a unpleasant experience.  While minding my own business in the Bourbon Street Cabaret Theatre watching the Soccer game, this extremely large elderly woman employee of the casino ( I believe her name is Dee )  Shoved her way through the seats from behind me and said to me: " I will be coming through here make way " as she was pushing her way unexpectedly !      There are 4 seats per table and they were all facing  forward because "people were watching the game" , no one was seating facing each other as per the standard seating configuration..... my seat had about 3 inches of space between the other seats and she just literally pushed her way in! Startled, I politely suggested to her that she should go through the center of the room, there were no tables or chairs or patrons and it had direct access to the tables she needed to reach. Defiantly she turned and barked at the tough guy 60 year old security guard: " He is refusing to listen to me! " . Mr Tough Guy then immediately launched from behind me, placed his head into my personal space next to my head and said: Listen if you do not want to cooperate you are out!  To which I just raised my hands in disbelief of what was happening.  The Woman looked at me with a " do something punk" grin .......really? Five minutes later, Mr Tough Guy once again rushed from behind my seat, invaded my personal space again and said to me: " If you think this is a joke you have another thing coming to you! "  Really? The last thing I wanted to do is get kicked out of a game I traveled all the way to the casino to see in a group of other team fans...and now I was getting harassed by the gestapo? 1- Dee is abusing her power (she seemed to be a supervisor of some type) by threating patrons badly then misusing the security personnel to do her dirty work.2- The security personnel do not know that they are being manipulated by this horrible woman that most likely plays her sweet side to them all day long so she can use them at her convenience.  3- Somebody retrain security that rushing people from behind that are seating down is not just dangerous but extremely stupid! If Dee is such a nice person, then why the hell does she need security to watch her so she can just clean up empty bottles from the tables?  The waitresses don't have security following them around, why? Because they earn their living by being polite. That's it I vented. Just watch out for those horrible employees.
4	Not bad for an older off strip hotel. Very self contained in that they have sushi, TGIF, cafe, coffee, decent pool with pool bar and open until 9pm which is late for Vegas. Very nice large rooms with a sitting area. We are also member of their rewards club and normally get 2 mid day rooms free with some dirt if dining credit! Nice to not have to deal with strip traffic but close enough if we want to go. Plus they have a shuttle too!
3	Treated to a lovely cockroach cheesecake after dinner...but at least the staff was responsive and took responsibility.  Apparently the desserts are made by an outside vendor...so dine with caution.
2	Pluses...*decent prices and large, fairly clean rooms. I stayed with my husband and two kids in the "newly remodeled" rooms, which still had an old feel in many areas (old wooden bathroom door, old bathroom shower tile)*Very kid friendly pool and bowling center, which my kids loved. Definitely not the "party crowd" hotel, which was okay for us for this particular stay.Minuses...*Horrible customer Service!!! We had a clogged toilet and had put in three requests to the front desk to have it fixed. After being patient, the third time is when we demanded that someone come to the room at that moment, or we would need to change rooms. Only after that last phone call did someone show up. We were told that it was never even put in the system the other two times despite being told it was.***Uncomfortable beds and questionable linens. The pillows especially had a strange smell and it was hard to tell if they had been changed.***Dirty hallway carpets....Very dirty with huge stains all over them.***Very smokey casino. Would we stay again..probably not. We would definitely be back for the bowling, but would probably find an overall better stay elsewhere.
1	Hell no we won't go!    The minute we walked into the doors, I was worried about my son's and my health.  There is this overwhelming smell of cigarette smoke AND perfume used (asked the staff) to cover the stench.   We could not breathe at this place.  The room was supposed have been renovated and the only thing renovated was the sheets.   The bathroom is dated and shows wear and tear, there was black mascara left on our towels, the TV didn't work and i smelled like lemon house spray.   The Prime Rib Loft was nice at sight, but the food was horrible!  The Gorgonzola Pasta with Chicken tasted like chicken soup.  The water was room temperature and tasted like it came out of the faucet.  The staff seemed indifferent too.    No one seemed happy to be there.NICE:   kids had fun at the kids place.
3	Got comped premium room.  Nice and clean, pretty decent. Very comfortable bed. Loved that there was so many plug outlets unlike many casinos!  Check in was a breeze and friendly service.  Hit the blackjack table and it was terrible.  Dropped $100 in under 10 min.  Dealers couldn't bust even with bust cards.  Had Orleans buffet, decent for the price.  The Mexican food was shockingly  pretty good for a buffet.  Sucks late at night not many food choices/:
5	Clean room, great rates with you have the players card.  The Buffett is good, reasonable prices.  The resort fee is $10/night plus taxes.  There is a shuttle that takes you to Bally's and Gold Coast hotels.  Love this place!
5	We really enjoyed staying at The Orleans. We got a great price off Travelocity and with the resort fee it was only about$60 for the night which included $10 toward food. This place was clean and plenty spacious for our family of four. We got into the room with two queen beds, plus a couch with and a chair. I loved the bit of extra space. The bathrooms were a great size as well.Easy and quick registration and check out, plus a late check out time of noon and 1:00pm if you ask. We were able to get in some pool time and get all cleaned up before heading out on the road again. We will be back!
5	We've lived in Vegas for over 10 years and we always enjoy spending time at the Orleans Hotel & Casino. It's one Casino I'm not embarrassed to bring my kids to for the family friendly activities and entertainment.
2	I am gonna re classify this place after this weeks debacle,spent 4 nights here,last night my fire alarm went off 3 times...they replaced the batteries and left...didn't fix it...came back and put another new battery nope....again as we're falling back to sleep CHIRP CHIRP...that's when Melvin in maintence heard from me that he can't fix it at 3am I will rip the mother f er out of the wall.. They replaced the whole unit and it solved it... It took from 2 am to 3 am to fix.i was in my 3 rd room the karst two I wouldn't let my dog sleep in very dirty carpets etc..finally got an upgraded room and it was nice...  Went to red rock on sun and will be staying there next time out and it's sad as I have been loyal to orleans for 8 years every other month.. Just time to change it up tgi Fridays is bad costa cantina is bad , you have2 real choices canal ST or fudd ruckers... Time for a change
4	Price was right. Location was good (off the strip). Room was decent although I'm not sure the a/c was working correctly. Like everywhere I've been in Vegas the cigarette smoke stunk up everything downstairs. And this is another place with giant lights flooding the building exterior so you can't sleep with the curtains open for the cool view. Annoying.
4	Nice movie theatre that plays the newest movies, matinee is over at 6pm. :). Arcade for kids almost like chuck e cheese without the food. Right across there is a children's playground. They also have a hugr bowling alley. There is a 24 hour fudruckers, sbarros, subway, and Baskin Robbins.  There is also a fridays and a buffet. The buffet is great, they even have an all day pass for about $27, and you can skip the line. They have a 2 pools and a sauna. The pool only goes about 3 ft and there's and outdoor bar. There's a shuttle bus that takes you to the Gold Coast and the Ballys Hotel. I'm not handicapped but I stayed in the handicap room on the 9th floor it was nice because I liked the stand up shower but the carpets could have been cleaner if you stay below the 9th floor asked not to stare at a wall when you get your room. If you have a late flight there is a wrong with him keith your luggage until you want to pick it up after checkout. The beds are comfortable and the room with a nice size but mine did not have a refrigerator which I was kind of disappointed about. The shadow from the airport to the hotel we're running about 10 cab fare will run you about 15. Overall I enjoyed my stay there they also have a chocolate factories and the buzz and bee painting and wine session.
1	What a dump!  Just got back from a weekend at the Orleans and it was awful.  The casino, hallways and elevators were dirty.  The restaurants inside the hotel were awful, poor quality food and horrible service.  Our room overlooked the parking structure and was a "premium" room which was supposed to have been recently renovated.  What a joke, the room was large however it was dated and the bathroom door, which was a pocket door, was broken.  It would not shut all the way or lock.  If you like a comforter on your bed, forget about it at this hotel, you get two sheets and a thin blanket. What little security we saw had their hands full the whole time we were there, people laying in the hallways, room hopping, inebriated individuals that couldn't find their room and oh happened to be in their underwear.if all that isn't enough let me say this part of town is really bad.  I would not feel comfortable walking anywhere.  Never again will we stay at this hotel.  Just AWFUL!
5	My husband and I like this hotel for so many reasons.  Every time we stay he we find something new we like about it.  Last night was a great experience in the Prime Rib Loft.  We sat the the bar and had drinks along with wonderful appetizers.  The bartender was a young man named "Bones" and he was absolutely enjoyable.  He made time to talk to us and never missed a beat taking care of everyone else at the bar and the cocktail waitresses.  He has been at The Orleans for about 12 years and they are lucky to have him on staff.  He is a gem.
2	Good old Orleans... where they entice you with free rooms, tacky New Orleans decor, and entertainment for families!While I've always said that the Vegas scene isn't meant for families, The Orleans is one of the few exceptions.  This place has it all:  there's a bowling alley, a huge play-area for the wee-tots, a movie theater, an arcade, lots of dining options, and a decent-sized pool to keep your screaming children amused.  It's close to The Strip for adults to escape and have some real fun yet far enough where there's not too much scantily clad drunks and club-rats lurking about.  Tables and buy-ins are cheaper here than on The Strip and the pace is much slower.  Come if you want to be fiscally responsible and bored.  The rooms are basic and the housekeeping likes to start creeping into the rooms at 6-7am --- even when you have a "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door.The only way I'd be back is for that Hawaiian cutie Nadine C.!  Clean them out, Nadine!  TAKE ALL THEIR MONEY!!!
5	this Casino is perfect for our crowd. We felt the old vegas love at this casino. We have found the Casino we want to go to from now on. we had a great time, a lot of low minimum tables with older dealers who are old vegas cool. we seen nice places to eat throughout the casino, and the parking was easy. I had a great time.
5	I won here while visiting my brother! I've never won this much before! If I'm ever in this casino again, I'm so playing this machine. Parking was easy and cocktail waitresses are fast and friendly. Wouldn't mind coming here again.
4	Stayed here for 5 nights the first week if August and was pleased with the quality of the hotel and the service. Our room was on the 3rd floor and we had a view of the Strip. The room had recently been updated and was spacious and very clean. The bed was comfortable. So comfortable, in fact, that it made me realize I need a new bed here at home. :-D The bathrooms were clean however, the tub units haven't received quite the same facelift as the rooms but they were perfectly fine and very clean. My only "complaint" is the pocket door going into the bathroom. It was heavy and a bit loud when you pulled it open or closed. Not a deal breaker but it could be an issue for light sleepers.We had no issue with noise from other rooms. We could hear doors slam as people were coming and going but it was nothing disruptive.The cleaning staff begins rounds early. We forgot our do not disturb sign twice but they knocked loudly and gave us plenty of time to say "Not ready!" We got better at putting out our do not disturb and they passed by. When we left we put out the "maid service requested" sign and the room was clean when we returned a couple hours later everyday.We ordered room service one morning and were pleasantly surprised, not only at the quality of the food, but the price as well.  By far the most reasonably priced room service I have ever had. I highly recommend for a lazy morning!We gambled more than I expected as I'm not much of a gambler and we encountered several dealers who were kind and helpful since it was clear I was a "newbie" at any table.The pool was great and relaxing. Lots of families with kids - a very comfortable environment. The bar at the pool was great as well. The speciality drinks were potent and I liked that I only had to buy 1 souvenir hurricane at $8.50 and could refill with any speciality drink for a reduced price for the duration of our stay. The bartender told me "we don't want to penalize you because you decided to go sleep for a couple hours." :-)The buffet was decent-we ate there several times. The Prime Rib Loft was unexpectedly wonderful. Our food was outstanding and we were pleased with the price. The staff was exceptional. Hands down the best service of the whole trip!The movie theater was a great option for one rainy afternoon. We didn't bowl or play in the arcade but it's a great option to know is right there.A few people have mentioned the smoke smell in other reviews. While there was a lingering smoke smell in the casino, we were on a no smoking floor in the hotel and had no concerns. As for the casino floor smelling of smoke....this is Vegas. People are chain smoking 24/7. Every casino we went into smelled of smoke. I don't think there is an air filtration system on earth that's going to counteract that kind of smoke saturation. I am a non-smoker and was not at all bothered and didn't find any area of the hotel or casino to be overwhelmingly smokey. I would highly recommend The Orleans and I will absolutely stay here again.
2	Stayed here about 10 years ago. At that time the room that we stayed in was nice and clean. The only problem was that at about 12:30 am  something started letting out an high pitched beep about every 5 min. I think it was the smoke detector or something I can't really remember as it was about 10 years ago.  It took almost 2 hours for two  maintenance men to come in and  fix it and it took them about an hour to fix it So, it was quite an inconvenience since we had two young children in the room at the time.  Really?Ugh.  That was 10 years ago.Cut to.....last weekend 8/9/14  checked in to registration to get our room. They assigned us our room. When we got to the room they assigned to us the door was wide open with a large floor blow dryer in the entrance of the doorway room, the chair was up on the desk. Rug soaking wet.  My husband called the front desk to tell them that the room didn't appear to be ready for occupants. The lady at registration he spoke to said.... it was fine to stay in the room and that the dryer was just there to dry the carpet that had just been shampooed. My husband felt the carpet and informed the lady on the phone that it was soaking wet. So she said to go back down to  Registration and she would give us a new room.  A few minutes later we are issued a new room.  Which looked ok. Outdated but, decently clean. We were happy enough until my husband decided to take a shower. There was NO SHOWER CURTAIN! Ugh. We were in a rush as we had dinner plans. So he took a quick shower with no curtain. As soon as he got out he called housekeeping to tell them we had no shower curtain. We couldn't wait for them to come back as we were running late for dinner.   A few hours later when we arrived back to the room. I checked to see if housekeeping put a shower curtain in and you know what!!! They did!!  Thank goodness!  I would of appreciated if they would of mopped up the water or picked up the wet towel that my husband tried to wipe the floor with after taking his shower with no curtain.  But, no. Whoever came in and put the shower curtain up left the wet towels along with their dirty shoe prints on the wet white towels on the ground. Yuck!!!! I don't think I would recommend this place to any of my friends. Unless the rooms were offered at a really, really low price.
4	I like this casino, haven't been out in while as i was working graveyards, but this place is not the busy and  even has a movie theater. like, like!!
3	This is not typically a hotel I would stay in when coming to Vegas, but I came here for Burlesque Hall of Fame and well, I didn't want to stay anywhere else! It wasn't bad, just a little out of the way for some things, but that was easily solved.The rates were cheap (well what Vegas hotel isn't cheap, really?) and the rooms were clean and spacious I must say. The pool was a nice escape from all the activities :)
5	This place never lets me down. Great showroom, concert theatre, bowling alley, movie theatre, enough variety of restaurants, inexpensive rooms and inexpensive live roulette, as well as keno--which is hard to find these days. Best place away from The Strip in my opinion.
4	This has been one of my favorite destinations for years.  The rooms are spacious with very comfortable beds which usually includes a couch and coffee table.   The restaurants are good and there is an excellent food court for light meals and snacks. Not to mention they have their very own movie theatre and other entertainment.I am pleased that I am able to stay and play here exclusively because now they have added my favorite multi-card keno game.  You can only play it for 1 and 2 cents but it makes it easier for me to stay and play.  They only have a few so get there early.   I have played live poker here for years and it is one of the best run poker rooms in Las Vegas.  They also have so many of the latest and greatest interactive games. Yea for making this a place I can stay and play all the time!
2	Certain things just come with Vegas hotels: chaotic casino noise and decor, milking you for every possible dime, drunks grabbing your ass in the elevator. However, they're not all as blatantly rude and indifferent. Be prepared to shell out for (slow) valet parking, a bellman's "assistance" and a resort fee (ha!). Clean enough but worn around the edges. Spend the money and stay on the Strip!
5	This hotel is huge! It has many things to keep you busy if your too tired to go to the strip. And very affordable. Good for family vacations!
1	My father in law just stayed there and he has his license plate stolen off the car. So much for their security. They are disabled plates from Ca, and so now we are going to have to come up with replacement cost not to mention the time at the DMV.
5	this place rocks for locals They have 30 minutes parking :)Cash your paycheck for free( expecting you to lose it all gambling)corky people ... check :)movie theater .... check:)
3	My husband and I have stayed at  The Orleans several times in the past. It is always where we spend our Anniversary. We stayed 3 nights this time September 8th, 9th and 10th.  We were looking forward to our Anniversary dinner our usual steak with all the trimmings! Soo disappointed! The steak was perfectly cooked, however I don't believe they used any seasoning at all. Very bland, baked potato tasted as if it had sat for a while. We were given the wrong soup, no steak knives. Very disappointed. Not our normal delicious dinner from room service!  We also tried the dinner buffet, never again!  Nothing was marked until a half hour of being seated, again very disappointed in the food. Pork roast very tough. The meatballs were the best part of the dinner. I don't think we will be returning anytime soon. Very, very disappointed!
2	I stay here every year to attend a week long event.Over the years, every year there has been problems staying here.First year: Dirty Diaper in my room on the shelf in the bathroom. took cleaning lady hours and multiple phone calls to the front desk to have it removed. Salami in a broken fountain in the wading pool.Second year: Giant roach in my room. Offered a move to a "premium" room which was the same room, just on a higher floor where the nicer suites are.Third year: When checking in the woman at the counter who "helped" us was clueless about my reservation (I had made it months in advance). Deluxe King, smoking, overlooking the pool (called way in advance to make sure this request was confirmed on my reservation). She booked us an entirely different room because she didn't have my reservation, or could't find it, or was too confused to bother to pull it up. We wound up in a non-smoking Premium King room (had to pay extra) because "The regular rooms don't overlook the pool." So why did I even bother to book ahead of time? I'm not even certain after all the charges that the group rate discount that i used when making the reservation was even applied.A friend joined me at the event last year at the Orleans, stayed one night, checked out the next morning and moved to Aria because he hated the Orleans so much (he was with me when the salami was discovered in the pool, so we shared that horror, among others. he was also there for Diaper Gate the year before).I will keep coming here and staying here because it is ground-zero for the event I attend yearly, but otherwise I would not recommend staying here ever.
2	My husband and I come to Vegas yearly for the Mr Olympia event. We usually stay at a different hotel, but decided to stay here this year for the convenience of the Mr Olympia events taking place here. We will never stay here again. First of all, with the event, parking was impossible. The room was pretty spacious and clean. We got the premium king, but I barely slept the first night because the a/c was so loud and I can hear so much noise from the outside. I hated the long walk to and from our car and having to cross the casino just to get there. Also there was No fridge,($16 per duration of stay for a super tiny one), old school microwave on selective floors of the hotel, a resort fee of $13/day, and wifi speed of 1 MB, which made me use my cellular plan because it was faster.
5	Amazing hotel and very family Oriented.  Every time I have stayed in Vegas I have stayed at this hotel.  Good rates for long stays.  Wonderful bowling alley in the hotel.  Famous perfomance theatre in the hotel of which former National pageants I was in were held.  Amazing outdoor pool and sauna with great ice-cream.  Quiet pleasant gym.  Good coffee shop in the hotel.
4	First off let me tell you about the population that tends to stay here. I look around and I see retired /elderly couples on walkers, motorized wheel chairs or what have you. I see families straight out of that "people of Walmart" site. What you don't see are hoochie mamas with dresses riding up to their coochie, or dreamy international guys ready for a night of dancing. Unless there's an event causing those people to stay here i. e. mr Olympia or that cross fit games competition with cuties, cuties everywhere. Knowing that,  I stay here every time because it's off the strip and slower pace. If you're tired of the strip but still want to be close, this is the place. The members perk are easy and the rooms are decent and affordable (I'm too cheap to pay $100/night to be surrounded by beautiful people that would never talk to me because I have no game. Look but no touch)
2	I used to love this place and their service......unfortunately, they've spiraled straight to CircusCircus level of crappiness. My wife and I reserved a room months ago. The reservation was for a room with  King Sized bed. When we got to our room we found two queen beds. When I called to explain our dilemma they really didn't give a damn. They were willing to charge me more for a room with a King bed saying that they had some "premium" rooms with Kings beds available. She I told them My reservation and confirmation were for a room with a Kings bed they told me that they didn't have any. I told them I would not spend a dime in their casino or their restaurants and they didn't care. So, this weekend we are sleeping at the Orleans but we are gambling, drinking, and eating everywhere but here.
1	Tickets to the Jim Belushi show said ONE FREE DRINK ANY CASINO BAR. Bartender said only well or domestic beer. What a rip off!! Never again!
1	I've stayed at The Orleans often over the last few years. I have always had a nice room for the price. However even given the discount price this week's room was definitely lacking. The sheets did not cover the mattress at all.
5	Stayed 4 nights comp'd: Oct 8-12 (wed-sat) with 2 kids (12&13).  I highly recommend staying here if you have kids, especially 12 & under.  The rooms are like a mini-suite (not as room as the Rio), there us enough room for 2 beds, a couch, coffee table, desk and a dresser.  Bathrooms are roomy enough, has a separate sink area from toilet and shower.  The rooms are a bit dated, but we hardly spent much time in the rooms (I believe they have updated rooms, but ours was not).  Security has a presence there - no undesirables seen and you need to show your room key before going to the room elevators.  There is a rocky mountain chocolate store on the way to the rooms, highly recommend getting a candy apply (yum).  Their coffee is good too-there is a coffee maker with coffee with the room, but we never used it.  If you like Starbucks coffee there is another coffee place near the entrance that serves Starbucks coffee (too strong for me, so I always went to the RMC store).  Our kids went to Kidstyme (childcare on property) every night.  They couldn't wait!  They always enjoyed themselves.  My daughter just turned 13 (1 year over the acceptable age) 2 months ago, but they made an exception because we were returning customers and our son was in there.  They are both bummed that it was their last time.  For older kids, there is a movie theater, bowling alley and a decent size arcade.  There is also a BuzzNBrushes, where you can paint with acrylics, but we were out and about during the days-so we didn't have a chance to check it out.  It looks like you have to make a reservation in order to participate.... We'll probably check that out next time we bring the kids.  The pool is big and isn't usually crowded, though we didn't use it on this trip.  The food court has a wide variety of choices, Sbarro's, Subway, Baskin Robbins and Fuddruckers (refills on drinks all day!) The coffee shop is opened 24 hours - Oxtail soup is just like the one at the Cal (for those you who have eaten downtown).  Food is good and reasonably priced.The casino is big.  They have a huge poker room.  My husband always has a good time with those that play there.  They have a wide variety of machines (though there was no Wizard of Oz, but I found a Willy Wonka game that was very similar).  You will surely find one that will be fun to play.  Remember to check the Bconnected (players club) promotions when you get there.  There was a pumpkin patch drawing where you could win $25k!  You need to present so plan accordingly.  We didn't win, but it was fun seeing others win $200-$2500 for free!  There is also a football pick if you're there prior to Sunday's game.  You will need to collect your monies (if you win) on / after Tuesday.We love the Orleans and usually stay there every trip.  The workers are friendly and make you feel at home.
5	I don't gamble but love coming here for the Steak and Eggs special after hours!
3	This had been my #1 hotel in Vegas for quite sometime for many reasons that still exist:1. It is off the strip2. Nice movie theater that's never busy3. Clean rooms4. Good selections of restaurants (buffet, 2 steakhouses, cafe, Japanese place, tgi fridays, crab shack, subway, sbaro,  fudruckers)5. Good promotions But as of late I have not been as thrilled and therefore have began exploring other options. I've dealt with a couple rude dealers on two occasions now which is inexcusable, my dad stepped on glass during our last visit and the cocktail waitress said it was his fault because there were chairs blocking the glass, really? It seems as if there's always a fight going on and security let's things linger as if they are afraid to kick anybody out. I've had people come up to me numerous times soliciting money as well.Overall it's still a decent place, many nice bartenders and overall friendly staff but given the plethora of options this no longer is number 1 on my list.
3	The staff is really great here, however for the first two nights the A/C didn't work and the room was muggy and had a mildew smell...after several attempts to repair they finally replaced the unit in the room which fixed that issue. The rooms could use an update, as far as decor. The buffet is worth it, did breakfast every morning. Found the bars hit or miss as far as drink quality and bartender friendliness. There are lots of options for things to do, i.e. Movie theater, various restaurants, of course slots and tables...nice gift shop as well! This hotel is off the strip but not inconvenient at all...the shuttle until 11pm or cabs get you there in a few minutes if you aren't driving. I would probably stay again.
3	I've stayed here a couple times in the past few years and like it because it's off the crazy traffic congested strip but still not out in the boonies.  I also like gambling here since it's a little more casual than some strip casinos and I just feel comfortable here.The room was very clean and for the most part well kept.Now the bad part...I should've said something the first night but didn't want to sound like a complainer but the air condition unit in the room sounded like a 747 taking off when it kicked on every 15 minutes or so and would jolt me awake.  I tried turning if off but couldn't figure out how to do that for several minutes but once it was off the room got too stuffy.  This must've been the case in the other rooms as well since I could actually hear the AC units from neighboring rooms when mine was off.One other thing that I didn't like was when I was checking out, there's a $35 per night room fee in addition to your agreed quoted price.  So that deal of a room at $40 per night almost doubled.  Yikes.Another tip...unless you like rock hard pillows...bring your own.  I guess it's a personal preference of mine that I like mushy pillows but these pillows were like putting your head on a boulder.  My neck was so messed up after 2 nights that I went to a store and bought a softer pillow.Other than those things I really enjoy staying there and probably will again.  It really would be nice if my stay were comp'd as I do play pretty much only at Orleans while I'm staying there and dropping $1500 a night at their casino would normally get me at least some buffet at another casino.  Oh well...it's Vegas, chalk it up as expensive entertainment.
1	This was my first time to book at this hotel I made 2 mos before actual dates of 10/26&27/2014.  It claimed a number of inclusions like free unlimited local calls, wi-fi, aircon, shuttle service to name a few, including coffee maker, coffee and condiments, BUT NONE of coffee mugs, drinking glasses nor paper cups whatsoever.  I was tossed back and forth between housekeeping services and guests services for me to obtain a couple of coffee mugs, and to my surprise the services supervisor was charging me $5 for this service!  Another instance, I was able to get a replacement keycard I lost while playing at the casino, only to find out the remaining keycard earlier issued was deactivated, it was very inconvenient as i needed to find him to gain access to our room.  The bed cover at the foot edge smelled bad as if already used by previous guests as it showed unwanted marks and soil.  And at the checkout counter I did in person, I noticed I was charged extra on our second night.  Had it not for my copy of my reservation, I would probably have no alternative but to pay the whole thing.  Too bad, and I plan NOT to recommend this hotel to my family and friends; neither would I book again !!!  A ONE-STAR rating is all it deserves, as a consolation though!!!
4	I saw a concert here and was pretty impressed for the size of the arena and with how well they maintained it very clean. You have excellent seating throughout the arena no matter where you sit with an exception of the seats right to the corners of the stage on both sides.
4	I've been coming to the Orleans for almost ten years now. Why am I just putting my review on Yelp? Sometimes, we would come out to stay at the Orleans 3-4 times a year. This place is a solid four stars. I don't have any kids but I must say it's a great place for families. The rooms are spacious and the extra sitting area in the room is a nice bonus. I like that the casino isn't overly huge. It's easy to get around without getting lost at all. My hubby and I usually hop around on the slots to find that loose slot. We've found a few loose ones. :-) Blackjack tables are as low as $5 but during holiday weekends when they have large crowds, they might consider offering more $5 tables. I mean, I know they're trying to rake in the dough with those $50/$100 tables, but c'mon, most of those stay empty.As a longtime customer and a holder of the player's card, my rooms are always comped. Even if I had to pay, I would say the price advertised is a bargain. This place is more for the locals and people who come just to chill. Most are probably trying to stay away from the loud and obnoxious crowd that the strip brings (or maybe that's just me, lol). We are the couple that comes to chill. There is no night club or famous chef restaurants, so don't expect fancy schmancy anything. They have a box office for shows and hold events at their stadium. They have a cool house band.Their food is better than most hotels. My hubby always look forward to their gumbo at the cafe. He loves it and gets it EVERY time we stay here. Marketplace Buffet is not the greatest but better than most buffets on the strip (i.e. Luxor, Excalibur, Mandalay Bay, Monte Carlo...). We like Koji, which serves sushi and chinese food and is pretty legit. Cantina is solid and fulfilling.We're coming this Christmas and planning to stay here again for a conference that I plan to attend in May. I am definitely a fan!
2	So after 15 years having the best bloody marys around you changed your mix.  The watered down tomato juice out of the gun was horrible.  Drinks use to be good and over priced now they are horrible and over priced.  Won't be enjoying a cocktail here anymore.
5	I stayed there last fall and I can't rave enough about the Orleans. I lived in Las Vegas for almost 25 years and the Orleans was a place I would go to see movies. A friend of mine lives on that side of town so I wanted to stay close. WOW...great rooms with a view of the strip and big comfy bed. The room was very quiet, which is a challenge to find when many have the "what happens here stays here" attitude. LOVE THIS PLACE! Everyone was so nice here from the maids to the gift shop to the coffee shop. This will be my new Vegas home when I come to visit from now on!!!!
3	Was pretty impressed by this place on a recent visit - the casino here is pretty big a lot of table games and slot machine offerings.This is a bit of an older hotel/casino location and considered to be more geared towards locals of Las Vegas - but a cheaper room offering might be what someone is looking for if they just need a place to crash while visiting other attractions Only downside to the above is the distance from the strip as a cab ride can cost a bit more to hit center strip. Parking at this hotel is a bit out of the way - the main lot int he front gets pretty packed and the parking garage in the back is a bit of a walk to get to the main casino The place to eat at in here is the Prime Rib Loft - nice place that isn't too expensive that  is just up stairs from the south east end of the casino by the table games - defiantly worth going into there next time you are in the casino - I have a review on that place here - http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-prime-rib-loft-las-vegasOtherwise might be worth giving this place a visit to get away from the hustle of what is on the strip - the casino was a bit more smokey inside so be mindful of that next time you are in there
1	On thanksgiving you would think the employees would be nicer, they were not! Completely rude, I'm completely disgusted
1	Alfred who bartends @ The Piano bar inside of The Orleans is a major jack a$$.  Why they tolerate his attitude is beyond me.  As worthless as they come and he is extremely rude with everyone there including the regulars.  If you can get his attention away from gabbing with the cocktail waitresses you will find out for yourself.
4	Clean Huge rooms off the strip! Great breakfast buffet and price, not far from the strip also have a big bowling alley and a free shuttle to the sister hotels which is fun to casino hop
2	The only thing good about this place was a decent rate. But I guess you get what you pay for. Room smelled like they just cleaned up a water leak and the loudest ac fan ever. You can hear EVERYTHING that goes on in the hallway. So if you don't want to sleep...probably not a bad place. Can't say we will never stay here again as it may be the only place but never a first choice. Just a bad experience for the first time staying here.
5	Nice casino. Great variety of machines and games. Also good variety of eating places  from fast good to fine dining.  Also they have a slain and spa and pool with 24 hrs bowling and you can also watch movies as they have a theater
5	I stayed here for a business conference in early September 2013 - and it was a very good experience. Staff were super friendly and helpful. Pool and spa were wonderful. I love going to the jacuzzi - and I am a Marriott Rewards member - so I was on the 4th floor - and I had super easy access to the jacuzzi and the Marriott club room. Overall - a very good experience and I would highly recommend this hotel.
3	The Orleans hotel is clean, the bathrooms are clean as well, but it is one of the more smoky casinos.  It does have a non smoking poker room which is a good thing. Fridays, a buffet, cafe, hot dog stand, and a food court with Baskin Robbins, Subway, Pizza, and a hamburger joint are some of the food places located in the casino. There is also a Western Union in the casino on the first floor. As for the rooms, they are clean. The rooms are old fashioned and the bathrooms aren't that big. Non smoking and smoking rooms have a window in their bathrooms. The customer service is good. The people I encounter at the check in, food places, and poker room  are helpful and have good manners. There is plenty of parking in the parking structure.
4	We've been coming here since it's Grand Opening a whiles back. Not much to say excepting they have good Front Desk Personell, gr8 in-room service, good parking, fantastic good food ........  let me see, did I miss something?  Oh yes. I wish the had free wifi.
4	Great hotel for families at a better price than the strip.The Orleans is definitely not a luxury hotel, but the rooms are big, clean (if older), and have a bathroom window you can open for fresh air, which is a nice plus, along with a working A/C and heater.I like the onsite amenities the best:  bowling alley, arcade, Kid's Tyme Fun Center where you can leave your children for less than $10 per hour while you enjoy the large and interesting casino, a movie theater, and a 24/7 food court so you'll never go hungry.The Orleans also has a free shuttle to the strip leaving every 30 minutes from the South entrance, and it runs until about 12:30 in the morning.Be sure to get a Players' Club Card as this will get you a discount at the buffet and maybe a few other places, too.I think of The Orleans as a slightly older but lower priced version of the Red Rock Casino.  Both are off strip properties that cater to families.  If you're on a budget, consider coming here, saving some money, and spending the difference on a Vegas show.
5	We stayed here on our trip to vegas. Shuttle to the main strip. and lower prices during xmas the other places equals more money for other fun things! The slots are pretty good and popping at night time, buffet is ehh, but mb it wasn't the seafood one due to xmas menu? The b connect card was awesome, 5 dollar off a person for the buffet.. Great discount! The rooms were not spectacular but true to pictures... Clean, and tidy. No weird stains along walls/carpet or rusty sinks/tubs... Would def stay again. Closer and cheaper then other off strip hotells
1	Just returned from a shockingly disappointing stay at the Orleans.  While I go there a couple times a year, it had been a few years since I actually "Stayed" there.  Wow, what a disappointment.So while the Prime Rib Loft and Canal Street were per the usual, i.e. very good, this review is specifically on the HOTEL.Let me list the problems, which were as voluminous as they were sleep hindering, and downright annoying:1)  We booked the "upgraded / renovated rooms".  Temper your expectations, y'all.  This is merely some new wall paper, and carpet and furniture and counter tops.  The toilets were the same old toilets with chipped toilet seats, etc. Still looked quite tired.  There was a hole in the bathroom wall (where a hanging hook should have been) for one of our rooms.2)  The lighting in the rooms is quite bad.  This was exacerbated by one of the 3 sources of light outside the bathroom not having a light bulb.  This was perhaps foreshadowing that staying here was not a great idea.3)  Our shower had no hot water.  Max heat in the water was lukewarm, and we were freezing as we showered given it was going down to 33 degrees on the other side of the bathroom windows.  We called engineering and had it fixed.4)  Apparently in fixing one thing, another thing went wrong.   Somehow a 2'x2' patch of our carpet sprung a leak in the middle of the night.  We could not figure out where the water was coming from, but it took us an hour in the middle of the night, applying towels to the carpet to try and contain the dampness.  A great way to break up a night's sleep at 6AM when walking to the bathroom and feel the carpet squishing under your feet.5)  The next day, we had to change rooms, as the room was starting to smell dank from the dampness.  The new room came with new problems that also caused some major problems in the middle of the night.  Remember me mentioning it going down to 32-34 degrees overnight in vegas for the Xmas holiday?  Yeah, well around 5AM the heat kicks on.  Guess what?  Something wrong with the heating unit, despite it having an inspection sign off just a week prior with a "merry xmas" note from the inspector on the unit...  Yeah, well...  Lets just say, it was malfunctioning - sounded like a slightly muted jackhammer when the heat came on.  Constant clanking, etc., and then the strong odor of burning plastic or rubber.  So wake up to what sounds like a jackhammer in the room and the smell of the room perhaps being on fire.  That woke us up pretty quick.  So we dress, air out the room for a while, etc.  Great night's sleep (again).6)  Upon check-out this AM, I told them - "I ABSOLUTELY NEED A PHONE CALL FROM A SUPERVISOR OR A MANAGER SO I CAN TELL THEM ABOUT ALL MY PROBLEMS.  I URGE YOU TO HAVE SOMEONE CALL ME THIS AM - I AM NOT A HAPPY CAMPER."  They offered having me speak with someone while I was there.  Sorry, I had no time for that, I was late for a flight, and urged them again to have someone call me today.  Well, they took my number, and it's almost 10PM, and no one called.Sorry, 6 strikes, and you are out.  One Star.  To put that in perspective, I have 84 reviews on yelp.  This is one of only 4 of those 84 that I gave only one star to.  I am not a hater, this was just an extremely poor experience that I wouldn't want to ever have again.
3	Very reasonable in price. A lot of kids stuff. And they have the nice arena. A lot of machines that pay out. And great cafe open late. A lot of low limit tables as well.
2	..."Where everyone knows your name...."... what a bunch of bs.... I'm a local. I used to go at least 3 times a week to play slots.... not only no one knows my name, but they act like they've never seen you before.... especially cocktail waitresses... not a smile, no hello, nothing.. and slots are terrible too. Go somewhere else, even though, choices are limited. I visit a lot of casinos... i can't even recommend one.... it's pathetic..... they are all struggling so forget about winning on slots....
4	Always come here with family and/or friends! It's either always to gamble or drink, even both! The atmosphere is always homely and welcoming which I love! Locals feel right at home. They also got a food court if you don't want to eat at their cafe or the buffet which is even better for variety.
4	This hotel is a little off the strip, but I kinda like that its not. We just stayed there last week, the week of Christmas from Wed - Sat and I really enjoyed our stay. This was the second time we've stayed there. The first time was a coincidence some years ago on New Years Eve, but this time around it was by choice. My family from Northern Cal came to LV and we all decided to stay at the Orleans. It just made sense because we all had kids and this hotel provides awesome accommodations for families. Their Valet, Bell-man, front desk, room service, and housekeeping were all outstanding. I really like how they have a little convenience store downstairs with all the essentials needed for your stay. I also like that they have room service. The first morning there we ordered breakfast and they even brought a table for us to eat...nice touch. The second day we spent some time with the kids at the arcade and at the bowling alley. Last time we were there we left the girls at the Kids Center and they enjoyed playing for a few hours. The various restaurants indoors are perfect for someone who likes variety. I'll post my review separately for each restaurant.All in all, I really like this hotel and casino. I would give it 5 stars if the smell of cigarette wasn't so strong downstairs....otherwise its a great place to stay.
2	I just came back from Vegas this weekend and stayed here.  It has been almost 10 years since I last stepped foot into this establishment.  The last time I was here, I had food poisoning and broke out in hives  from eating the crawfish at the buffet.  Had to go to the emergency room and get shot up with benadryl.  I did contact the manager and he comped me for a future stay.  Anyways, when I came back here this past weekend, nothing changed at all.  I did notice that there's a fresh scent in the lobby area.  Previously, it wreaked of smoke.  The elevator, hallway and room all looked the same.  Very disappointed at the decor.  I was pretty sure they would have done some kind of renovation.  The room looks so old and tacky and it make feel dirty.  The furniture is drab and the bathroom can look cleaner.  I noticed that the shelf in the bathroom was dusty.  I do believe they replaced their tube tv inside of the armoire with a flat screen.  Their wifi is a big fat joke.  They claim to provide you with free wifi, but it's so slow that there's no point.  I clocked it at under 1mb.  Who does that?  If you want faster speeds up to 10mb, you will need to fork over $10 per day.  Isn't that supposed to be covered in the resort fee?  I did get a chance to check out the fitness center.  For a hotel like this, I was surprised how decent it looked.  It was pretty roomy and the equipment looked new or unused.  I'd go with the latter as no one really works out when they are in Vegas.  Especially in an establishment like this.  The one thing I did like about this place is the casino.  The dealers are, for the most part, friendly.  The minimum to play is $5 and the cocktail waitress comes by frequently.  I usually never finish my beer before they come back, so I end up having to double fist my beers/cocktails.  Not complaining at all.  The band in the lounge area plays current music and they aren't bad at all.  Although, this is the same band that played here almost 10 years again.  The lounge is a nice place to chill if you want to get away from losing money to the house.  I don't see myself coming back here, but might just for the casino.
5	Starting with The valet parking is Excellent service, a tad bit pricey. Hotel front desk staff were very professional. Our room wasn't ready when we first arrived so they were very helpful. We had a room on the 5th floor. The Internet is an additional charge . Should be complimentary.We noted the restaurant was pricey and avoided it.The room is well setup throughout. (upscale bathroom with glass shower is quality and class) The hotel is expensive but worth a try. The renovations have addressed many problems and concerns previously mentioned in other reviews.This hotel is aprox 1 mile(15 minute walk)from the Staples Center.
