4	First reviewer was correct about the pricing. A little overpriced. But by far the best bagels I have ever had. The plain, honey wheat, onion, asiago, and potato bagels are awesome and I love the Onion and chive cream cheese. I have never had a bagel so soft anywhere else. Their tasty turkey sammich is good too along with their potato salad.
4	Tried the 6 cheese bagel. My gawd it was cheesy! Also tried the BLTA on bagel thin and it was pretty good. I love the sauce on it. What I really wanted to update everyone on is that they have a good deal on soup. You can get a cup of soup that is pretty large for 3.95 and it comes with a bagel of your choice. I think thats a pretty good deal. Soups vary day to day... The cheesy broccoli was what I tried and although I wasn't a big fan of it, its still a a great value if you can find a good soup.
2	I so want to like this place. It's in a perfect location, prices are reasonable, food quality is good; but the customer service is bad beyond belief. The people are friendly, but don't seem to understand that servicing the customer is job one. I've waited for 3 or 4 minutes at the counter waiting for someone to take my order. Likewise, I've waited the same time for someone to show up to take my money. Come on guys, it isn't that tough to cross train your employees and have them flex into work stations as people come and go.
2	This place disappoints.  One time I came in and they stuffed my bagel and lox with so many capers that it inedible, I had to flick them all off.  The last time I came in (and I do mean last) there were a group of teens working... well not actually working but standing around talking and playing tricks on each other.  When they finished making my bagel they just let it sit there and didn't bother calling my name.  I had to interrupt them and ask them if I could have my bagel.  It's disappointing because I use to come in this place often and the service was quick and friendly but they must be under new management now.
2	Thank God, it wasn't busy because the service was so slow.  Manager was not impressive, she ignored that I was standing in front of the register and helped the next person in line then when that customer insisted I go first she acted like it was such a big deal to delete part of the previous customers order.  She actually glared at me?!  Bagels were stale and blah as usual.  I hate coming here and I only come here to satisfy my kids.  This store also doesn't deliver the bagels to your table.  They acted like I was self entitled when I raised hand at my table after my name was called.  Another glare from the manager followed by a "there is no way in hell l'm delivering these to your table look".  Awesome!
1	NO! Do you want a bagel? Do you really want one? Ok, since you insist, there is a trader joes, a fry's and a Walmart nearby.Pick one of those places and buy yourself some bagels. Just don't come here, they don't deserve you.The service will be horrible. They will take a long time to take your order, even longer to make your food, and you will stand there waiting for your food wondering how there can be 6 employees behind the line with no other orders ahead of you and it's been 15 minutes and you still have no food.Once you finally receive your food, you will leave ASAP because you can't stand the incompetence and also you want to eat in a place that does not look like a high school cafeteria after a food fight.When you get home, your order will be wrong. You have been warned.
1	Customer service is nonexistent here.  Employees are not friendly at all.  Bagels were good, but not worth the lack I found personality from the employees.  Second visit w/ my family of 4.  Not a difficult order and not a busy time.  Next time we'll drive further to go to Bagel Nosh, Brueggers, or another Einstein on Val Vista where hopefully the employees will be less robotic.
1	This store SUCKS! DO NOT GO HERE!In the last month, we have walked in, and immediately walked out as the NEVER have bagels.  There were 4 kinds there today, if that.  I actually had to ask if they made bagels there.  The customer service sucks even more than the selection.  I have almost jumped over the counter on a few occasions.We keep going there like idiots, and end up having to go to a different EB on Val Vista.  That one is GREAT!When we went into the Val Vista one today, we talked about how horrible the other store is, and almost every employee has said that they hear about how bad the Gilbert store is all the time.  Then, another customer overheard us and she said she lives right next to the Gilbert store and still has to drive to Val Vista one because of how bad this one is.  She mentioned that she even complained to a Regional Manager.  so she was nice enough to give me his info.BOTTOM LINE.  If you like Einstein's Bagels, DO NOT GO TO THIS STORE.  They say they make bagels, but they don't.  The employees are rude, inconsiderate and could care less what you think.DO NOT GO HERE!
1	If I could give this Einstein bagel 0 stars I would. I have been in here twice and both times they had very little selections for bagels. The second time I went was during prime breakfast hours and they still did not have the items I wanted. When I left one of the workers very sarcastically said "have a great day". When I turned around as I was leaving her and one of the other workers were smiling and laughing at me. This one is VERY close to where I live but I will be taking my business elsewhere from now on....
2	What is it with this location. I had a completely different view of Einstein Bagels before engineering this store. They could do no wrong in my eyes. Now I am terrified that more stores exist out there like this one. The bathrooms were dirty, It was dead inside and I know why now. All the food was stale when I got in my car and opened the wrapping. I thought I was going to gag. The only plus is that the guy that made my sandwich was friendly, even though he continually returned to me to tell me they were out of almost everything I ordered. Why can't you order in advance? That's what good employees and managers do. My recommendation is for the owner of this particular location to fire his son, cause that's clearly why the manager still has his job, which is my last complaint. The manager didn't smile once the entire time I was there and was extremely non approachable.
2	Never go on a busy morning!  We went on a Saturday at 9:30 am and they were out of a lot of bagels, all 4 coffee dispensers were empty and it took 15 minutes to get our food to go... after ordering!  It was a cluster! They gave our food to someone else and it took 5 minutes for the lady to make an iced coffee.. from the menu, not customized.  The food was fine, but this quick service restaurant was in the weeds and super slow.
1	If you want to have a bagel don't go here.  We routinely drive past this store to one several miles further away because this store runs out of pretty much everything early and doesn't seem to care at all.  If you just want a quiet place to study or read it's probably good enough.
1	I love Einstein but that was by far the WORST EXPERIENCE I have ever had. No one was smiling, no one said hello and I had to ask for someone to help me. It looked like they were all forced to be there and hated their lives. My bagel with cream cheese - with no one in line - took 10 minutes to be made. I asked for my food to go, they had it placed in sit-in plates. I asked for it to be placed to go and the man helping me looked at me and said "oh....I guess It did say to go..." I will not be going back to that location - EVER.
5	My favorite bagel shop in the area. It can get hectic on weekend mornings, but no more than other bagel shops in the area. The quality is great, and the keep the place clean. I keep coming back. They also take pre-orders. Want a half dozen for home or want to make sure your one favorite will be there for breakfast? Call before you drive over, and they'll have a fresh batch waiting.
1	They don't even tell you that it's your responsibility to take a bag of chips with your take out order, so people walk out all the time paying for chips they don't get? No more of this place.
