2	We went to Saito's with a group of 14 for New Years dinner. Despite calling to confirm that a table would be ready for entire group, we ended up having to wait because they gave our table to someone else.  This wasn't a huge deal, but still frustrating as I specifically called to confirm that the table would be ready when we arrived.  The real issue is that the ventilation in this place was horrible.  The Teppenyaki tables literally created a cloud of smoke in the entire restaurant.  It was so bad that our chef even had trouble preparing our meal and they had to open a door to the outside so we could breathe.  Hopefully they get this issue fixed quickly, because the food wasn't that bad.  There are an excellent selection of items and combinations on the Teppenyaki menu including lobster, filet, and calamari, along with the usual suspects of chicken, steak and shrimp.  The sushi we ordered was also pretty good.  Hopefully, the ventilation will get fixed as this is a brand new location, but until then I would definitely avoid this place unless they start giving out free dry cleaning with your meal so you can get the smell out of your clothes.
3	I took my kids here one evening when my hubby was out of town. Now if you guys have never been to a Japanese Steakhouse, then you'll have to go just for the experience at least once.  The whole show the cook does is great for kids and it gives them a good excuse to charge a huge amount of money for what really is fried rice and some grilled meat.When I went we ordered a sushi roll that had some fresh fish on top of it with a sauce.  The fish had a definite fishy taste that was a bit off and I only had one piece of this.  The edamame was good -- but how can you really mess that up??We ordered 2 entrees, filet mignon and one filet mignon and Lobster.  They charge you $10.00 to share a plate so they get you every way they can.  The plates can be EASILY shared - they give you alot of food.  The fried rice and the veggies were really awesome tasting and the filet was done how we liked it.  However, he over cooked the lobster - it was on the heat way too long and became rubbery.  I can;t believe I paid all that money for that...Would I come back, maybe once with my husband because we like these places - and the fried rice is yummy.  And, I probably would give them a second chance on the rolls and sushi.
3	We had dinner at this place last Sunday evening and boy was it empty....The only people there when we arrived was a couple having dinner. I think 2 other parties came in for dinner while we were there. This is a new place in the City North Shopping center so maybe the that's part of the reason it was empty (Kona Grill is located a block away and it looked busy from the outside). Draw your own conclusion. This place is a bit more expensive compared to other other Teppanyaki places here in the valley. The food was not any better than places like Benihana. The menu did give you more variety such as Ostrich meat and more combo meals. Wife ordered some hot tea and got bagged tea. I would say Chef entertainment was better than most. Chef did a bunch of fire tricks (which I posted) as well as flopping a raw egg yolk on his spatula - which I thought I saw some egg flying off over my child's head, my wife did not see it. Something kinda not right with raw egg flying around in a restaurant. They did have good pomegranate lemonade. On the fence if I plan to go back.
4	I say to give this place a chance! A couple weekends ago my sister, wife and I sat down at the bar for a late lunch. We got the opportunity of speaking with the manager who moved out here from FL to open the City North location and she was great. When asked about how the restaurant was doing she made a bit of a strange face and said not very well because not many people know about them yet. I will say this up front that I'm a HUGE fan of this type of food and cooking so I will defend it a little more than some. The atmosphere was nice at the bar with a large waterfall display and the Sushi chef on the other side. We ordered from the happy hour menu which was large and priced very well. The two sushi rolls that we ordered were great and am excited to try more the next time. Other than that we had soup, Tempura chicken, and salad which was good. I'm looking forward to going back there for dinner and I know what you are thinking... Why so many stars when he only tried the happy hour menu? The answer... Because I like this type of food and was impressed that they brought all of the cooks from FL and they run 4 or 5 very successful restaurants there as well. Will update when I go there for dinner which will be soon.
4	Give this place a chance!!! My friends and I came on a Saturday night,  & just missed happy hour.  It looked as though the restaurant was half full... We ended up sitting at the bar. An asian female bartender was very friendly and apologized for the missed happy hour,  and hoped we'd make it in next time. I think her name was Amber or Autumn.. She was a sweet heart. I asked for a recommendation on a specialty drink she recommended the love potion #9 or the lychee martini.. I ordered the lychee martini. It's was really something different, yet delish! My friend Susan wanted to try sake for the first time.. The bartender recommended a sake that was milky and slightly sweet. I think it was called cream de sake...She said it was an unfiltered, easy drinking, sake, that was a good beginner. Susan loved it.  My other friend Mike just wanted a house shiraz.. The bartender recommended their newest syrah instead, and gave him a sample.. Mike liked it as well.. We were jokingly telling the bartender that she knows how to sell a crowd...I noticed the menu had a lot of selection, and items I would never see at Sapporo or Benihana. Ostrich, chicken liver, whole snapper! That was different, yet interesting.. We asked for recommendations on the food. The bartender recommended any of the hibachi dinners, saying that they came with soup and salad, choice of rice and vegetables. She also recommended the beef negamaki, calamari tempura, beef teriyaki, olympia roll, black dragon roll & rainbow spider roll.  We ordered the filet mignon, shrimp, & scallop hibachi dinner with fried rice, beef negamaki, calamari tempura,  olympia roll, black dragon roll, spicy tuna roll, and 5 pieces of yellowtail sashimi. We shared everything. The calamari was very big pieces, light and crispy , not overly battered and soggy like other places. The beef app was little pieces of beef wrapped around green onion with a light savory sauce. It was very good. The filet was really tender,  the shrimp and scallops were very good as well.  All the recommendations on the rolls were excellent! The sushi was great. I loved the vast differences in all the rolls. All the ingredients in the rolls vibed so well together!  The flavors were delicious!! The yellowtail sashimi tasted very fresh, and just melted in my mouth. Towards the end of our dinner the bar was filling up with people. The bartender seemed very busy making drinks for the servers. She was running back and forth multi-tasking. Our waters always stayed full, and she made sure our empty dishes were cleared. I wondered why there hadn't been 2 people working behind the bar at least. It seemed a bit of a struggle.  A young man would just stand, and once in a while help out here and there, but very slowly. I think the managers should work on the hiring process.The bartender asked if we wanted dessert. By then, we were stuffed, yet satisfied. So instead of dessert, she sold us on three shots of something fruity yet refreshing for dessert. I don't know what they were called.  Last but not least a manager named Cleo came by, greeted us, and asked how everything was. She was very friendly and genuine.If the service and food stay consistent I would love to come back regularly when wanting to eat sushi or hibachi dinners. Overall it was a great experience.
4	Very typical, run-of-the-mill teppanyaki - really nothing special about it at all.  Apparently this is the first location outside of Florida, at least according to the locations info on the chopstick wrapper.  I had an excellent steak and calamari combo, and we agreed that the sushi we ordered was very tolerable, although I think we all like Kona Grill's sushi right down the street somewhat more.  I didn't get to sample the drinks menu, but this looks like a great place to hit up for happy hour.  Service was pretty much the way I like it - not too chatty but our water glasses stayed full and they took care of us.  Anyway, it's really 3.5 stars b/c nothing is anything I've never seen before, but I'll round up this time.
4	When to Saito after reading Yelp reviews.  Had sushi on the patio.  It was really good.  The standard rolls were all good, but what made it for me was the creative specialty rolls. Unusual combos and even some types of fish that aren't commonly on menus.Arrived early for happy hour, the place was dead, but after a long, leisurely dinner the palce was pretty well packed.Only complaint is very little table seating in sushi bar area.  We'll be back!
3	I wanted to like this place.  Really, I did.  It had all the ingredients for somewhere I would really enjoy - location near me in City North, nice layout, cool-looking bar and of course, sushi.  I went on Saturday night - the first thing I noticed was that the place was practically empty.  My friend and I were the only two at the sushi bar.  A couple of the teppan tables had guests but otherwise... crickets.  I did not view this as necessarily bad, since I assumed the service would be really good and attentive since there weren't many tables/guests to serve.  Uh... no.  We received menus and ordered drinks from our waitress and then she disappeared.  For a really, really long time.  It was weird...  and quiet... After sitting there for a while, I asked one of the two chefs behind the sushi bar if we could order from him, or if there was a paper menu to fill out.  He said that we had to order from the waitress.  Now that would be OK if we could actually find her.  Finally he took pity on us and made up the hamachi we were looking for.  While the hamachi was really good, the rolls we had later were just OK.  They were creative, but there were too many ingredients and conflicting sauces for my taste.  I guess I prefer a more traditional style.  When it came time to ask for the check, our waitress had again wandered off to who-knows-where.  It took nearly 15 minutes to find another server to ask where she was so we could pay.  Overall, it was not the fun place I was looking for to bring my out of town guest.  Doubt I will be back.
4	Typical Japanese steak house. Very tender filet mignon. Reasonable prices, great flavor. Was pretty empty on Thursday night we were the only ones there. But overall great dining experience. Amazing chefs. Nice place very clean.
4	I had a great time at this place. The food was really good and the fun was in watching the cook of course. I tried the steak, chicken, and shrimp. The shrimp was the best choice. The guy sitting next to me had the lobster and said it was delicious but I couldnt afford that :). We also had some shrimp and vegetable tempura. It was wonderful and the sauce that came with it was much better than your regular run of the mill tempura sauce. The service was great, they were really on top of refills. I felt the price was a little much so it didn't get my full five stars because i will only go when I am not paying. Hey... these are desperate times people.
5	Been back for sushi several times, always really good.  The haooy hour pricing made it 5 stars for me.Took a group from a sales meeting everyone was very impressed.  The table chef adjusted well to this goup of semi-roudy gusy and even had fun with us.Consistently great experiences make me boost this from 4 to a 5.
3	Saito's is located in an area that seems to be a bust, or at least slow to take off.   The location is unfortunately in the pretencious City North, a small strip of restaurants and posh shops just North of Desert Ridge, which gets tons of traffic.  To survive there, they'd have to keep the prices reasonable, which they have.  A friendly lady named Linh greeted us on multiple occasions, I believe she is related to the original owners back in Florida.  The great thing about Saito's is that they are still independently owned by the same owners, which means, more hands on management, which is needed in this Phoenix market.  The food was good, the fish is fresh, though the presentation of most dishes a little plain.  The uni is not always available, which tells you about what kind of sushi lovers are in the area...  They do serve these lobster puffs for about $8, they are are good, they arrive at the table hot and with a sweet sauce that complements the cream cheese to the tee.  Strange things though... The Japanese daicon was missing.  On all the dishes at one point, no dicon.  Dicon is crucial to cooling off the mouth from a good chunk of Wasabi! Overall this place is huge with an impressive bar, the food is well priced, it does have a good a la carte menu.  Let's hope that they can make it on a strip that has vacant lofts above restaurants and businesses, if you want good attention from the staff go for lunch.
5	Now being a native, I've tried many a restaurant here in the greater Phoenix area. My favorite cuisine Japanese. When City North 1st opened, I was very excited to learn we were getting a teppanyaki/sushi restaurant so close to home. On my 1st visit to Saito's I was immediately impressed with the atmosphere, very contemporary, upscale, modern. The bar is beautiful with a nice waterscape in the center. My husband and I were immediately welcomed by the manager and she gave us a great tour of the sushi rolls/menu. We ordered a couple specialty rolls (large variety on the menu) to try and they were both fantastic! Other happy hour items that we sampled were the 5 spice chicken, harumaki (springrolls), and BBQ spare ribs. All equally good and the happy hour pricing cannot be beat. Items range from $2-$6 and drinks are $3 - $5. We have been repeat customers for the last six months and have enjoyed there teppanyaki on several occasions. The chef's are well above average and great entertainers. Not the typical Benihana commercial experience. The filet mignon melts in your mouth and the scallops are excellent. Very large portion sizes as well. My only criticism is that it is not heavily advertised and because of that it is seldom busy. Not enough people know about this hidden gem and its right in their own backyard! We have truly enjoyed getting to know the staff, the fantastic cuisine, and the ambiance the place sets off. A great treat if your looking for something different than your average Kona experience. If your in this neck of the woods, its a must try if you love sushi and Japanese cuisine!!!! Don't be deterred if the place isn't as rockin as its neighbors i.e. Blue Martini, you will enjoy what I feel is City North's maybe even North Phoenix's best kept secret! A must try!
1	Sadly, visited on 4/2, and the paper was on the windows.  We're without sushi here in Desert Ridge.This restaurant fell victim to really, really bad marketing and market research.  The staff did a wonderful job and I wish them well.If anyone locates Nicki the sushi chef elsewhere in the area, please email me!!!
1	Alas, Saitos is no more. (At least the AZ location) I was very upset to see another great restaurant close its doors... It will be sorely missed. To Cleo and the rest staff we have come to know and love, I am very sorry to see you go and wish you all well in your future endeavors.
