5	I have been a patient of the Center for Venous Disease for years now and am very happy with not only the service I receive from Dr. David Smith, but the staff is also EXCELLENT. Unfortunately, I have yucky old lady varicose veins and although Dr. Smith did fix them beautifully 6 years ago, I had a recurrence or shall I say a mutany happen when I was pregnant with my 2nd child last summer. I have had a combination of vein stripping and foam and have had excellent results. Dr. Smith is gentle, kind, and informs you of every step he is taking the entire process. The staff is friendly, courteous, and treats you like family. As a side note, varicose vein procedures are often covered by insurance so check with yours as it is often not cosmetic reasons behind having the procedure done or why you have the veins in the first place. You don't have to live with the heavy, itchy, painful, nasty looking snakes on your legs anymore! Check into it and check into Dr. Smith because he really is a miracle worker! You'd never know I had nasty varicose veins before his work on my legs.
1	Went there in 2008 for one varicose vein.. Dr. Herion was so positive and enformed me he would fix it and I would feel better. Got the ablation done.. Months later No relief in fact i kept getting clots ..i went to er twice because the clots scared me and ultrasound tech says that vein is still open ..I call center for venous disease and I keep getting same answer need to wait at least a year for results! What! Ok .....now my vein is hurting more and buldging more...more varicose veins popping up.... I get these hot spots that come to the area where procedure was done last maybe 30 seconds on and off..area gets numb, hurts to stand on that leg I find myself leaning on the other leg just to avoid pain on that leg, pain where ablation was done also keeps me awake at night. I wear compression stockings did everything I was suppose to do...we are in 2013 and I am in worse pain than when I started. :( wish i never messed with my veins......
1	I suffer from leg pain in my calf where Michael herion lasered my veins. The vein I went in for help with ( one visible large varicose vein) was left open and one of my healthy functioning vein valve got sealed shut. So needless to say the bad functioning vein is Worse. I have to live in pain in that calf area. I have to live with fear of one of the blood clots I get will be a bad one. Thanks for disrupting my life Michael Herion. Thanks for lying to me telling me vein is closed when every other ultrasound tech says it's open. Thanks for painful procedure . I should have sued.(Back in 2008)
