3	Just another 'bertos.I have forgotten how long ago this place moved in where the old 59th Ave. Freeze used to be, probably 8-10 years.  However long it has been I have been getting take out at least once a month for lunch.  The food is consistent a good 95% f the time.  Today I had a #5 (shredded beef taco, cheese enchilada, rice, beans).  I have had several other menu items over the years also.  It's not great but it is edible and cheap.  My combo was $5.60.  Because I always have somebody else pick up my order I can't tell you what condition the place is in.  Maybe I don't want to know?
4	good place for takeout, not the greatest place to eat-in. we ordered tacos, rolled tacos/taquitos, and had the agua fresca. food was good for the price, you can eat for about 5 bucks. as a girl i wouldn't go there alone at night, but i'm a wimp. there's a bunch of taquerias within a mile, and this is one of the better ones.
1	In a land where I can get a burrito just a hop, skip, and a jump from any corner, I don't understand how this place still exists. It's a little hut that looks pretty run down, but I never judge a book by its cover when I eat, so that doesn't bother me. I went through the drive through, and was greeted with only silence. When my friend and I turned the corner to leave, we noticed that the place was not closed (Come on, this was like 4 PM), and that the staff was having a conversation. Much to my chagrin, my friend used his persistence to force an answer at the window. Met with obvious displeasure, it was clear they had better things to do than serve us. We ordered some simple carne asada burritos, went home, and I prepared to have a nice lunch.I received nothing of the sort. I don't demand that my asada be grilled, but when it's stewed, it better be stewed in some amazing spices. This certainly was not. Every other bite greeted me with either gristle or chunks of fat. It was all bland, and their watered-down salsas did nothing to alleviate the torture I put my taste buds through. Terrible service, terrible food. Never again.
