5	I love Blooming. Everytime I end up at a different place for a pedicure I wish I would have come here. Lesson learned. I always get the deluxe pedicure for $33. It comes with a sugar scrub, callus remover, hot stone and hot towel. They give the best massages and they seem longer than most places too! They always polish flawlessly. They have a big selection of regular polish and also gel. Today I got a deluxe pedicure and a fill with gel polish. The girl that did them did amazing. (Picture shown)No more guessing and trying new places - I will be a regular here from now on!
5	I absolutely love this nail salon. I previously went to Ken's nails and spa, but the new owners and employees are great. I especially love Sion and Tammy. Every time I go, I am treated so friendly and always have a great experience. I love the deluxe pedicure and I usually go back and forth with gel manicures and pink and white full sets. They are very reasonably priced. I will never go anywhere else!!!I also got married in February and I arranged a morning for all my bridesmaids and my mom and I, with the owner Jason. He was great and had enough staff to get every pedicure chair open and then switch over to our hands. I felt so special! Thank you!
5	I love Tammy!! She's the best one out of all of them she listens to you and does exactly what you want and is so sweet!!
3	I got a spa pedicure and a gel manicure. The pedicure was one of the better ones I have received. The massage felt great, nice chairs, and my toenails look really good. The manicure did not go as well. I told her I wanted my nails rounded. She did my pinky and it looked good, so I agreed to that. However, none of my other nails were done like that. I feel like she rounded them way too dramatically for how short my nails are. Two nails are COMPLETELY UNEVEN, and some are so short it looks like I bite my nails. Also, some of my nails did not get polish all the way to the base, so it looks like my nails have grown out after just 3 days. Lastly, it could just be me, but I felt like at times the lights for the gel were burning my fingers.
3	This was my first experience at this brand and all in all, it went very well.  After an extremely unpleasant visit to my last salon that I had been a regular at for several months, I'm very leery of nail salons.  I am sad that no liner was used in the foot bath but so far there have been no problems.  I did notice that the tools were actually in a sealed container indicating that they might have actually been sterilized, another plus.  The staff was pleasant, did a good job and made our experience good enough we'll go back not only for pedicures but I'm ready for some new nails.
