4	Extremely friendly and helpful staff. Large and open product area, and super open hair services area (2 spots, not sure if both are open for services or if one is only for classroom sessions as I saw today)Bathrooms IMO are extremely subpar for an Aveda Institute, and the reservation call line is annoying (automated, have to select the Tempe location rather than just connecting you with an employee).  I haven't checked yet if they have online reservations up. As with most Aveda institutes (except DC!) the pricing is spectacular for services. Because they are just opening they have some great specials going on, and their open house is August 8!
3	They took my appt down wrong and didnt include the hair cut. They also put 5 different products in my hair after they washed it. It looked really greasy and weighed down when I left.
4	I can't believe how great of a deal I got at this place. Not only did they highlight my hair and cut it exactly the way I wanted it, but I also got a free massage and smoothie while waiting for my foils to be done. Plus, it is a great opportunity for students to get some students and make some connections for future clients. You could say I am definitely a fan!
5	I just started at this school and I absolutely love it! Everyone there is so warm and friendly and the instructors are amazing. The building in itself is beautiful. Everything is so clean and modern, and of course with the Aveda products the school smells wonderful! If you are looking to go to get into a cosmetology program I highly recommend checking out the Aveda institute you won't be disappointed!
2	Ok, plusses: The prices were awesome. The student workers were super nice (and super young!) and got checked on by the instructors quite often during the whole process. Also, the instructors tend to do some of the more complicated things themselves if the students feel uncomfortable. Minuses: It takes for stinkin' ever. I got a color and a trim and it took over 4 hours. Also, the color didn't really come out well either time I've been there (the first color was supposed to come our dark red and came out purple instead -- which I decided to go with because purple is awesome even though it was unintentional). I also got an undercut, which was done pretty badly, mainly because they don't allow the students to have clippers with guards on them. So, if you're getting something relatively uncomplicated with no color or easy color, this place will work for you, especially given the price. Anything other than that, I would suggest that you look to a professional salon -- which some people might say is common sense, but needed to be experienced first-hand for me. Maybe I'm dense that way :-P
4	Enjoyed my time there.  LeeAnn S. was my stylist and she did a great job.  I have had many compliments!  She was well supervised, the price is right, plus, I received a special treat - a hand massage.  Nice lobby - looks good and smells good!  Products were available to sample and there was water and tea - nice touches. Plus, no bottled water....thanks for sticking to Aveda's commitment to green. Other reviews mentioned the time....I can see that it can take some extra time but the price and the quality made it worthwhile.  One solution - make sure you are the first appointment of the day.
5	This is a great place!  As long as you come in with the mindset that these are students in a learning environment, it's so amazing!!  The services take a little longer, but so worth it for the great prices and students!  They are professional, talented, and the facility is so beautiful!  5 stars!
5	As a first time client to this Aveda Institute, I have only the highest praises for the way we were pampered and so well taken care of.  The facility is clean and organized and the the staff very professional and friendly.  I came in for hair color treatment and was warmly welcomed by Deborah Pacheco, who attended to my hair.  She and her mentor were very precise and professional in determining the technique and color to use on my hair. As a result I was very impressed with the way it turned out when I walked out of the salon.  End of story? Not.  I have to say that during the 2-hour hair treatment, Deborah shared with me her "Daymaker" philosophy and how important it is for she and her colleagues in Aveda to be attuned to their clients and to use the opportunity they have as hairdressers to help make a customer's day better, especially those who may need it. I also learned from her about how Aveda undertakes a monthly project to help  take care of our planet and of people who direly need our support (e.g.  sexual abused young girls). I walked out of there not only happy about how my new 'do turned out, but filled with a lot of hope for humanity and inspiration to do my part!  Thank you Deborah, and more power to you and the whole Phoenix Aveda team
1	You get what you pay for... I should have listened to my gut. Although I love Aveda products, this was THE WORST experience I ever had regarding Aveda.I walked in for my 9:30 a.m. appointment with healthy, silky hair ready for a partial hi-lights and cut... I walked out of the institute at 2:45 p.m., and my hair was still wet and not styled and over-processed.It started off good with the student and trainer engaging with me, but after that the trainer never came back to check on student until I asked the student if my hair was fried.I get it, it's a "learning environment", but come on.... 5 hours and 15 minutes!!!!!!That is not even the worst part, 3 hours of it was getting my hair foiled and the first sections foiled in the front weren't even looked at by the student or trainer for 2.5 hours.  That's right!!! 2.5 hours the front sides of my hair processed in BLEACH!  This was only after I asked the student a second time, "hey does the bleach stop processing after a certain time?" When she finally checked my hair it looked bright, light yellow almost platinum. Then the trainer told the student to start talking the first foils off and "wiping" the hair (Squirting with water and wiping with a towel). I rubbed my fingers over the hair they had just wiped and it was breaking apart like ashes. The trainer says "oh all bleach processed hair does that."  I was like, Ummm NO, no it doesn't! She then says, "your hair is in a fragile state, you must wait until we wash it and condition it."Didn't it seem odd to the trainers that I had been getting my hair foiled for 3 hours?!?! Didn't it dawn on the trainers that maybe I was processing too long?!?!I will say the student was nice, but extremely and painstakingly slow.  The instructors need to be engaging with the students more frequently.I won't know until I style my hair tomorrow if I will even have hair on my head. And then that will be a whole other YELP.I will only be going back if they need to deep condition my hair this week, but I will pay the professionals to do my hair from now on.Not worth the savings if it costs the health of your hair.
4	Experience some of the best aromas around by booking a facial.  The atmosphere in the spa area is very relaxing and peaceful.  My service was provided by Lily who is a true professional and oh, so good at what she does and how she does it.  Caring, intelligent and classy are just a few of the words to describe her.The only reason why this isn't a five is that my facial started 20 minutes after my actual appointment time.
1	Pro- it's cheap...Con- you get what you pay for...Got a haircut and seriously I could have done better myself, with my eyes closed.
5	Was visiting Arizona and wanted a pedi and found this place really close to my hotel!My friend goes to Aveda in Portland Oregon and I have been there and a place in Eugene who uses only Aveda products. I am a huge fan of Aveda! I will definitely come back here next time I am in Arizona. $20 for a pedi  AND I got to keep the polish! OPI polish.Excellent experience. Girl who did my pedi was awesome. Love the color and my pedi. Thank you!
1	Terrible. I will never go back.My appointment was at 3:30, I arrived on time. I wasn't actually called back until 4:15? Why actually set an appointment if they aren't even going to call you on time?My stylist was unprofessional, and quite frankly obnoxious.I just wanted everything to be over with. She smelled horribly of smoke after each break she took every 20 minutes. My color turned out the worst. I asked for strawberry blonde highlights. What did I get? Dark red, copper-ish, CHUNKY highlights, that faded into an awful pink color. I had to spend over $100 to get my hair professionally fixed. I even disputed the charge with the salon. I refuse to pay $50 to have my hair royally screwed up.
5	I just had an amazing experience at Aveda. Kaydence was outstanding! She was attentive, mindful, and really went above and beyond my expectations. Aveda provides exceptionally priced services with excellent products. I've been consistently impressed with the offerings and the value I receive for what I end up paying.
1	I would give them zero stars if possible. The short version is that Aveda Institute Phoenix's Cosmetology Team Lead, Aveda Certified Educator,  self-proclaimed Color Specialist, and the 2014 Inspire Greatness Champion, ANGIE PERINO NELSON, did not follow verbal or written instructions that I provided her. (I said and wrote "apply color to new growth only." She put color 5" down my head. I said I wanted to go 1 to 2 shades lighter than my standard Aveda formula I have used for 6 years: 30 vol 60 grams of Deep 10-N @ 40 mins. This provided me with Golden Honey Blond. The sun provided me with multi-dimensionality and sun-kissed streaks. Parts of my hair looked like spun gold and others were like pale blonde sunny streaks. Because I have worn my hair the SAME way in all my outdoor jobs, the outer shell of my hair was very light. She formulated 40 vol 60 grams of Deep 12-N @ 45 mins in a shower cap.  My crown turned Polar Bear White. When I became upset, she said, and I quote, "Sometimes this happens. Blondes are hard." Then she said she'd fix it. So she formulated this toner: 40g 0-N + 40g of 10-N + 1g of Light Yellow + 40mL of CTA. Unfortunately, she toned all 3 feet of my hair--not just the Polar Bear White part. The result was my crown became a monochromatic Electric Butter Yellow and the rest of my multidimensional golden honey blond hair became shades of Straw Yellow and included some Pumpkin Orange. It wasn't in shades of blond but in shades of YELLOW as in Crayola Crayon shades of yellow. Angie Perino Nelso wouldn't face me at this point and was conveniently absent for the final review of my hair, and a senior manager told me to come back for a free color correction. I learned after the fact from other Aveda Institute Educators from around the country that 40 vol us used on people with black or chocolate brown hair. I am naturally dark blond; have fair, yellow-toned skin; and green eyes. How could she not notice this? I also learned she used the LIGHTEST POSSIBLE Lift-Color-Method possible: 40vol/Deep 12-N/Shower cap. I was also told that "no one" tones blond hair that is 3 feet long. Because the initial color chemical was so strong, when it washed out of my hair, it stripped color from the rest of my hair because it was still developing 45 minutes later. My scalp even turned white. Angie Perino Nelson is arrogant, reckless, and does not understand blonding.  She should advertise at her other job, Mood Swings Salon, that she is a color specialist sans blonding. This will take me 6 years to grow out damaged hair and about $1K to make it live-able. I can't speak for other EDUCATORS at this institute, but I can speak for Nelson. DO NOT TRUST HER.
