3	If you're a fan of Barrio Cafe, you may be even a bigger fan of Spotted Donkey. Prices are not the friendliest, but the gourmet Mexican food will make your stomach sing Mexican mariachi music. I started with a prickly pear margarita - que buenisimo! Even though you have to pay for chips and salsa, the chips are delicioso and homemade and the 3 salsas that accompany are very tasty. Their "chop" salad was on par with Cowboy Ciao's similar version, and for an entree the pulled pork chalupas were divine. I'll be back soon for more!UPDATE: As of January '08 the quality has really dived at Spotted Donkey. The owners opened up a new restaurant next door and I think their hearts and minds are there now. We gave them 3 shots before writing this update which brings them from 5 to 3 stars.
5	As stated below, the food at Spotted Donkey is amazing. The help is friendly, but unobtrusive. I ordered the Chicken Burritos, and the waitress asked if I'd like to try one chicken and one beef instead. I accepted and it was amazing. Had a chocolate cake/hot fudge desert which was incredible too.
4	Delicious find in what looks like a chain.
4	Great place to eat, with items on the "Mexican" menu I've never experienced before, however was very tasty ! meat loaf w/Green Chilli was wonderful, as were the Shrimp and Crab tostadas. Yummy.Good service, friendly, dark atmosphere, however if it's around a busy holiday or weekend, call and make a reservation first.Minimal wine menu, good beer though, and food was brought out fast.
3	So I had lunch here today. I guess I was not disappointed, but at the same time it was not overly memorable. I just cant get my head around going to a mexican restaurant and paying for chips and salsa.... I also dont like colored chips.... Call me traditional.... I had the pork tacos.... average.... I dont know, the place is not terrible in my opinion, but there are too many good restaurants around here to spend $25 a head to eat average tacos and chips and salsa.....
4	Stopped here tonight on a whim and quite happy about it, but the wallet's much lighter.Hubby had:The Spotted Donkey "Chop" SaladA tableside presentation of chopped romaine, roasted corn, cucumber, blue cheese, cilantro, warm smoked bacon and avocado all tossed together with jalapeno buttermilk dressing, crispy flour tortillas $12.50It was really good, the flour tortillas was my favorite part of the meal!  They toss it for you at the table.*Big Ol' Jack Ass Angus Burger  with double cheddar cheese, grilled sweet onion, avocado, jalapenos and horseradish mustard. Served with housemade fries $12.50 Wonderful!  The fries were fresh and hot with the skin on.  The burger was fat and cooked perfectly.  The bun was not bought at Sam's Club!Warm Flourless Chocolate Fudge Cake with Roasted Coconut and Raspberry Sauce  $9.00We've had flourless chocolate cakes before and love them, but this one took us for a spin- it had grill marks on it!  Unusual and delicious!I had:Watercress Jicama, Orange and Avocado Salad with toasted pumpkin seed vinaigrette $11.00Nice and fresh, but $11 bones is a lot for this girly salad.Arizona "Mac and Cheese"Rigatoni pasta with hatch green chile, Mexican cheeses and applewood smoked bacon $12.50If you like the mac & cheese from Z Tejas, you will love this!  Very rich, but a little too simple for a main dish.  Get this and share another dish with your date and you'll be happy.Fried Banana Wraps with Mexican Chocolate Sauce with whipped cream  $9.00Nice presentation, perfectly ripened bananas in nice flour tortilla and fried.  I had cinnamon ice cream with it but was envious of my hubby's vanilla and that NEVER happens!Beautiful setting, nice place for out of town guests!
4	We visited two nights in a row on our recent trip to the Boulders Resort. The first night we sat on the outdoor patio and enjoyed margaritas with chips and salsa. The cactus heart cocktail is delicious, and the alcohol content is perfect- not too weak, not too boozy. Both nights I ordered the signature shrimp tacos because they were so yummy. The second night we also shared a bowl of the tortilla soup, delicious with greens and tortilla strips.The decor inside is fun and festive, with pretty light fixtures and wall hangings. Service is friendly and timely.
4	The crowd here is totally not my scene, but you have to appreciate great ambiance and incredible food. It's a haul up to this place from where I live, even when I lived in north Scottsdale, but totally worth it. There are few cooler places to be in the Valley than a warm night on the patio here.The inside is very New Mexican, with a totally rustic full bar that has been packed every time I've come in. I even skip my usual drink of choice to order the Scottsdale Cocktail (yup, friggin' awful name, but the citrusy goodness in this glass is just too hard to resist). The food? Some of the best carne asada I've ever had. It comes with an avocado tomatillo sauce that is literally blissful. The honey glazed salmon is also a delight, with an interesting mix of sweet, tangy and just a bit of kick. Though it's kind of BS that they don't bring chips and salsa to the table -- shouldn't be surprised in this neighborhood, but still -- order the chips and salsa trio anyway. It's worth the extra cash for this trio of awesome sauces.
4	We had reservations and we were late. I hate being late but I was not in control of our group that night so there you go. But even though we were late they greeted us with a smile and still had our table waiting.  We then were greeted by the wait person, a very nice woman with a great smile. She took our drink orders and appetizers .It all came very quickly. But it did not feel we were being rushed in any way. I honestly can not remember what we all ordered for the actual dinner. But I do know it was VERY good. I was surprised in that we have had a recent string of crappy meals in other places that this is what I was expecting. But lucky for us we all truly enjoyed our food and time.  This was a few weeks ago and it is time to go back ;-[)
3	Call it three and a half.  I think I'm spoiled having Frotera Grill and Topolobampo here in Chicago.  Spotted Donkey was good, just nothing spectacular.  Their guacamole was good and the ceviche was tasty.  My wife had the shrimp tacos, which she seemed to like.  I had the carne asada, which was a bit overcooked and tough from the bad cut.  The sides were typical staples like mexican rice and beans.  There was not much creativity from the menu choices and again it seemed like typical mexican fare.  They also had some really funny pics of donkeys around the place.
4	Nothing could be better than downing a margarita, moon-side on a warm night outside at the Spotted Donkey. Prompt. Knowledgeable. Delicious. I'm always hesitant eating at Mexican restaurants where the plates are strikingly beautiful and they've some how made sour cream look like an art form -- I never saw this in my travels throughout Mexico. Anyway, the food was wickedly delicious. Spicy, flavorful and bold -- perfection combination on a plate. I'd definitely order the guac, ceviche and fajitas. Even when it is 130 degrees, I'd probably still eat their hotness.
2	To Phoenix Magazine,Your credibility is now in the trash..right next to your 'Best of the Valley' issue.  Cheers!To the Spotted Donkey,Thanks for the friendly service.  I wish as much attention had been paid to the flavors of the food as was paid to the presentation.It was nice meeting you.Adam
4	Very helpful and nice staffWe started with the nachos with pulled pork (you might think its a bit pricey for nachos, but damn.... you get a lot of food... and its good.)A friend ordered the Calamari... and even though I am allergic, I had to try a few pieces... it was alright...........she said she had ordered it in the past and since then she says they changed the breading and they don't deep fry it anymore. Thus it is not as good as it used to be. The smoked jalapeno dipping sauce was really good though. The Pulled Beef Barbeque Sandwich and The Beef Enchiladas were a treat.... I really like this place. Nice location and decor also. Plus they have cute donkey pictures :)
5	Sometimes, you just experience a perfect moment, and I had one at this place!  We went to El Pedregal to check it out on a typical early November Scottsdale day - which is to say, absolutely gorgeous weather!   I've only been to El Pedregal once before, and it was a ghost-town - but that was at the height of the summer with temps in the high 90s or more.  This time it was high 70s, and there was a music/wine festival going on, with good live music and lots of happy people ... the atmosphere could not have been better.  We saw the Spotted Donkey and managed to get a table outside on the patio, which was full.  I felt like I'd died and gone to heaven right then ... sitting in a gorgeous setting, with views of mountains, palm trees, blue skies ... being waited on by nice folks, surrounded by happy patrons ... it was just ideal.  Then we got the food.  To my surprise, it was all good ... the chips and salsa (pretty expensive, when most places give the stuff away) were both great - 'perfect' chips, and the tomatilla salsa was to die for.  My main course (stuffed pepper) was awesome!  I just can't describe how good it was. I've become so jaded by Mexican restaurants, growing to loath the big plates, piles of beans, piles of rice, goopy sauce on everything ... this meal was refreshing, delightful.  I'm really looking forward to coming back, maybe next time for dinner; my biggest fear is - it will be dead ... I'm not sure what kind of traffic these guys get on a typical evening - but I will give it one shot.
4	Have been here for brunch and drinks now....Enjoyed both the food and the super tasty margaritas.  These aren't the syrupy concoctions forced on us just about everywhere else.  These are awesome!.Love the decor and the staff is very attentive.  Next visit is going to be planned for sunset!
5	The food and drinks at the Spotted Donkey are consistently good. Sit outside and enjoy the sunset amidst the beauty of El Pedregal and enjoy a margarita, excellent guacamole and some pepper poppers - just right. The meatloaf is a little blander than expected but the Chalupa's are oh so good - with guacamole, pulled pork and some special ingredients on a corn tamale. An interesting menu, great food and a wonderful view. Love their creativity. One minor detriment: the country music that has been playing on the last couple visits. Eh.
4	Delicious! I love nachos and this was the first time I've had the pulled pork variety and it was plentiful and delicious. After salting the guac, it was great--fresh, rich, creamy and very flavorful. I had the carne asade, which was very well-seasoned and my fiance had the enchiladas. We left full and satisfied, having eaten way too many nachos and guacamole. If I'm ever in that forsaken part of AZ, I'd be down for making a pit stop at this spot.
5	Wife and I went here for a late dinner and were lucky enough to be seated immediately as it was crowded.  Word of warning - if you aren't sure exactly where this restaurant is in it's plaza, and arrive after dark as I did, you may drive around a bit.  I circled twice before spotting the sign (pun intended). I had a pickly pear margarita on the rocks.  Excellent!Appetizer - chips and salsa.  $7!  Underwhelming and not recommended.My meal was the roast pork loin on a bed of mac and cheese seasoned with New Mexico green chiles, surrounded by tempting sauces.  Very well presented/plated.  Pork had crispy, flavorful edges.  Mac and cheese not overwhelmed with creamy cheese, and great chile flavor.  Devine.Wife had salmon tostada -  salmon on a bed of black bean mango salsa. Salsa was cool and flavorful.  Salmon very good.  Complex flavors.For dessert we split the soppapilas (sp?) with cinnamon ice cream.  Very nice presentation and subtle honey flavors in the sauce - perhaps too subtle.$108 for the meal and it kicked Houston's butt (where dined the previous weekend) for almost the same price.Interesting decor - the lights mounted on framed cowhide which is covered in chicken wire were ... interesting.  Variety of interesting seating available, including some comfy looking curved sofas.  Bar inside showing the Winter Olympics - of which I am just about at overload - but no TV sound to disturb the dining experience..Next time I'll get there in daylight to enjoy the views and a drink on the patio which looks like it would be loads of fun.  Highly recommended.
5	I stumbled upon the Spotted Donkey by accident. I thought it was the other restaurant that used to be at El Pedegral (now closed). Lucky mistake I made! I've been there a couple times since then and have loved every dish! Keep in mind I grew up near Mexico and lived there briefly, so I have a very selective taste for Mexican-inspired food. The guacamole is above average, but not the best I've ever had. The salsa is nothing special. They main dishes are the standouts here. My favorites: "Silver Coin" margaritas...  they are phenomenal! I'd imagine they're made with fresh lime juice and a simple syrup instead of a sweet 'n' sour mix. The beef fajitas are perfectly seasoned and are quite a feast, so order them if you have a big appetite. The signature tacos are also quite delicious. My favorite by far has been the pork tenderloin over their green chili mac and cheese is amazing. Great combo of flavors - one of my favorite dishes around town!   We've never had enough room for dessert, so I can't offer a review on that. I strongly recommend Spotted Donkey. I'm going to introduce some friends to it this weekend and enjoy this nice weather on their outside patio.
5	I decided to try the Happy Hour on Friday afternoon. The staff was immediately friendly, attentive without being invasive and genuinely appeared to be enjoying their jobs and eachother. The atmosphere is relaxed but elegant and upper class. They have a daily happy hour 3-6 with an appetizer menu of items all for 4 dollars, discounts on some signature drinks, 6 dollar wines and 5 dollar mixed drinks, plus a deal on beer too. I ordered the machaca spring rolls and omg, they were divine! the sauce accompanying them was out of this world yummy and the garnish was lovely and tasty. I'm looking forward to going back and not breaking the bank at the same time.
1	I am honestly shocked by the high reviews of this place. When there are so many fabulous Mexican food restaurants in Arizona, do NOT waste your money here. The pros:1. Neat decor and locationThe cons:1. Chips and salsa for $7.00!!!! Are you kidding me? You get them free at almost every other Mexican food restaurant. That should have been my warning sign.2. The rest of the food was outrageously expensive.  3. The quality of this over-priced food was sub-par at best. I had the fajitas and they were just not good. 4. The bathroom sink was very unique and after taking a few minutes to discover where the water was actually coming from I found that the water was actually passing over BLACK MOLD! This was enough to make me want to vomit since I had washed my hands before eating my not so good fajitas.5. A 20% gratuity was added on our bill. I felt that was a bit presumptuous. 15% is acceptable for a gratuity then let me add more if I want to. 20% is not a given. 6. This is petty, but they spelled "chipotle" wrong on one of their menu items.Overall, I was very disappointed in this place. There are so many great, award winning Mexican food restaurants in Scottsdale alone, why waste your money here? I won't return.
3	We just returned from having lunch at Spotted Donkey Cantina and it was pretty good, except for a couple things.The lettuce in the little salad that came with my enchiladas had obviously come out of a bag because it tasted terrible.  I had one bite and regretted it because it ruined the taste of my bite of enchilada.  The lettuce even had brown on it.  It wasn't good and would cause me to think twice about returning.  My husband had the Cascabel-Chile Marinated Carne Asada and it had good flavor but the meat was over cooked somewhat.This restaurant does have a nice atmosphere and would probably be fun when there are lot of people there.  It was very quiet when we were there for lunch.
4	On the drive up to the Spotted Donkey, I asked my friend who was driving "So is this place in Flagstaff or what?". As we joked about how distant this restaurant is from our far far away land (Tempe), my stomach started to grumble. You see, I didn't eat anything that day, and my friend assured me that I would be rewarded by the amazing food at the Spotted Donkey. I took his word for it, and off we went... Though, If we didn't make it to Spotted Donkey soon, I was going to stop at the In n Out at Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101. Luckily he assured me it wouldn't be much longer, and we made it before my stomach rebelled against me.It was a beautiful evening out, and the weather was perfect, so naturally we wanted to eat outside. As I combed over the menu, I knew exactly what I wanted. I was going to start with the Guacamole ($10.50), and for my entree I would get the Big Ol' Jack Ass Angus Burger ($12.50 - appropriate name, you'll see shortly enough). The guacamole was some of the most tasty and fresh I have ever eaten. The mixed basket of yellow and blue corn tortilla chips complimented the guacamole immensely. The only thing missing from this great dish was the kick I am used to. I asked our server for a side of chopped jalapenos, which once mixed in to our guacamole, transformed this dish from great to sheer awesome. I was hit with the unfortunate truth that it may be hard to top such an amazing appetizer. I only ordered a hamburger from a menu with many specialties on it. Though I was shocked again, the burger that I received was one of the tastiest I have had in Arizona in a long time. I was told by my friend that the chefs here vary on the burger cooking temperature, so I made sure to describe exactly how I wanted my burger cooked, so we went with medium +. To continue with that night's spice theme, I asked for a side of green chiles to put on my burger, which turned out to be another great choice. The burger comes with a mountain of fresh cut fries filled to the brink in a basket. These are also delicious. While I hear they have fantastic desserts, I was beyond stuffed, and could not even consider looking at a dessert menu.The Spotted Donkey receives an easy 5 stars in regards to our food. The only rating that they lose on is the service. The two times I have been here, the waiters have lacked personality, have been spotty at best, and seemed to have a bit of a smug attitude. I realize I am a college age student, but my money is just as green as anyone else there. I am looking forward to my next trip up!
3	Maybe it was me not being from around the area but it was not easy to find the place to begin with. It is located in an interesting collection of buildings at the corner of an intersection and if there was signage out front I simply must have missed it.We sat outside and service was great. I enjoyed the cactus margarita and despite the striking purple color. The 'shooters' were quite good and so was the Haas Avocado Guacamole. For the main course I had the Pulled Pork Chalupas which was a far departure from the Enchiladas I would usually go for on a Mexican outing.Not being a fan of sour cream I forgot to pass on it when ordering but managed to work around it when eating. The bottom line was I found the food and service good but nothing above ordinary for Mexican/Southwestern fare. If that is all you are looking for this is a great place to go -- if you are looking for something more let me know what you find!
5	I was fortunate enough to have a birthday celebration at the Spotted Donkey Cantina.  What a great place to get together with friends.  The atmosphere was a delight, the service was spectacular and the food was out of this world delicious.  A delicious Blood Orange Margarita to start, followed by a huge helping of Guacamole.  I'm a bit of a guacamole junkie, and they have a guacamole that is superb.  The fried banana dessert thingy... yes please!I do recommend it... it's a drive from phoenix, but if you're content with a great view along the way (we saw a deer), then you'll be just fine.  Have fun!
4	I have finally found a mexican/southwestern restaurant that lives up to the fact that it"s IN the southwest! Seriously, iI've had better mexican food in Chicago than most places in Scottsdale/Phoenix! I am happy to report that this place really satisfied an intense mexican craving.  The guacomole is an absolute must order. It seems a little pricey, but it is a very large order (4 hungry girls and 2 baskets of chips didn't finish it) and the chips are bottomless.  Skip the queso, it was too thin and not spicy enough for my taste. I would definitely recommend the chimichangas   Beautiful presentation, crispy, just the right amount of spice, and tender chicken.  While the mexican beer braised enchiladas were good, they didn't live up to their name. I couldn't taste any beer flavor, and the meat could have been a little more tender. My friends reported the shrimp and chicken tacos were both good, but their favorite part was the beans served on the side. Its like a mexican style baked bean...fantastic! It was a quiet night at the restaraunt, which was the lone drawback as I like a place full of people. Although it was nice to be seated immediately and be able to hear your friends without shouting! I will definitely make it a point to return when the weather is nicer to take advantage of their patio, it looked very inviting. All in all, I would definitely give a high recommendation to try this place out. It's worth the drive!
4	Even though this place is a good 20 minute drive from downtown Scottsdale, it's well worth it once you get there.  My wife and I dined there last year while in town for a wedding at the nearby Boulders resort (Excellent btw).  After one trip to Spotted Donkey, we were already planning our next trip back to Scottsdale just to go back.  Well, the golf and spa were other factors but I will travel for good food.  So our next trip was about a month ago and our two visits did not disappoint.Be sure to try the guacamole.  Although it's $10.50, it's really good.  HINT: order it without one of the ingredients like onions and they will make a fresh batch.  The second time we went, we forgot to order it without onions and it didn't taste as good.  My favorite dish is the pork tenderloin, which is served over a bed of mac and cheeese and green chiles.  It's delicious and large enough for two meals.  Even if you think it's too far to drive for dinner, the beautiful town of Carefree will give you that Arizona experience you know you want and get you away from the urban feel of Scottsdale.
4	The Spotted Donkey makes the drive to North Scottsdale worth it. The restaurant provides a Southwestern filled fun experience! The vibe here is trendy Mexican with colorful walls, wooden furniture and enjoyable music. Large enough to seat a party of ten or quaint enough to seat a party of two, I enjoy coming here for any occasion. When the weather's nice, it's ideal to sit on the patio and enjoy the evening with some margaritas and tasty guacamole to start.  My favorite dish is the stuffed peppers which are poblano chiles filled with roasted pork, cheddar-jack cheese and Spanish rice, in a fresh basil tomato sauce. It's a hefty meal but tastes so good that it's hard not to finish each and every bite of it. I choose one of their homemade margaritas to wash it down and if it's a really exciting night, I'll have the queso in addition to the guacamole for starters. I choose this restaurant when I'm looking for a hearty Mexican meal with the feel of the true southwest. As I mentioned, I absolutely love the environment at the Spotted Donkey. Making its home on the second floor of Pedregal, I can see the rock formations lingering over the buildings and the desert breeze is crisp and refreshing since we are away from the city. It's a fun experience and I always try to find an excuse to make the drive north so I can make a visit to the Spotted Donkey.
4	I am a fan of mexican food and this place has some good chow downs.  I like when restaurants give you so much food that you can go home and enjoy the food later.  This place offers that.The service was great and the cheese caso with tortilla chips was amazing.  The food was pretty good as well. I had chicken enchiladas and an awesome margarita that was purple. Good for groups of 2-6It's a great place for people you have out of town guests in and live in the area or a fun spot for a nice evening out on a date.  I came from tempe so the drive was a shlep but I was not disappointed by the food and the company.  Recommendation: To anyone who enjoys mexican food as much as I do,  make sure you pack an extra stomach when going, and don't plan on doing anything after-words except lying on the couch
2	Came here a few days ago with some family friends. Mind you, these family friends are from the Mid West and chose this place because they heard it had "really great Mexican food". Next time I let my Windy city friends pick out a "Mexican food" place in the Arizona I have called my home for over a decade, I will think again. So, here we go. I am from Scottsdale, so I pretty much knew where it was. I agree, it isn't very well signed, but when we got there, it as pretty busy. The decor is AMAZING. What a beautiful restaurant. I was tempted to swipe things off the walls they were so gorgeous. Our server was really sweet and fun and because we were a large party, we were sat in the center of the restaurant, right by the bar. We started with drinks, where the ladies had margaritas, which were good, but very small. I like my margaritas in a MARGARITA glass, not a high ball glass. They had an interesting mix of tequila, but they weren't the best, and definitely not the best bang for your buck, for sure. The chips and salsa and guacamole were okay, but very pricey! Most Mexican restaurants GIVE you chips and salsa, for free! And, we were 8 people and they brought us a little basket of chips, which to me, made no sense. My mom and I shared the fajitas for two as our entree. They serve the beef fajitas with beef tenderloin and sausage. My mom and I both thought that was weird, so we asked for no sausage, just the beef. When it came out, our fix-ens' were great, but no rice or beans or even cheese, which is usually served with fajitas. The tortillas were amazing however, and tasted hand made. The peppers were undercooked and there was like NO MEAT in the fajitas... like, none. Maybe, my mom and I had like 5 small pieces each. The fajitas for 2 are $29!!! I didn't make a stink because I didn't recommend the restaurant, and I wasn't paying, I was being taken out. But, in the end, I would never recommend this place to anyone. There are millions of amazing Mexican restaurants in Scottsdale, it isn't worth a trip. In my line of work, I recommend a lot of restaurants to out of towners, and this place will definetly not make the cut. I guess if you want pretty decor and a decent margarita with sub par food, then its your place, but not for me.
4	Nachos are the best,  also, tacos are imaginative.  Highly recommend. Second story on the El Pedregal shopping center, outdoor seating available.
5	Still love Spotted Donkey just as much and had such a nice dinner there the other night, I thought I'd update. My boyfriend and I usually head up there when we're in an eating mood. I'm also glad we can sit outside on the patio now with the cooler weather. We've created our "perfect" order and order the same every time... never fails to impress. We have Silver Coin margaritas and guacamole to start... I add a touch of salt and lime to the guac. Then we share the pork tenderloin over their green chili mac and cheese (amazing sauces!) and their beef fajitas (love the seasoning!). The fajitas include beef, sausage, bell peppers, onions, and tomatoes. It's a lot of food, but it's worth it!
4	I have found two more items on the Spotted Donkey menu that I give two thumbs up to. The mac and cheese is cheesy, creamy, thick and includes a southwestern kick to it. The second item is the classic chimicanga. They are greasy goodness and worth every calorie consumed!
4	Nice place to hang out with a margarita on a weekend afternoon. Great food and atmosphere, with mountain views and quietness. They even let us bring our dog to dine on the outdoor patio. Order the calamari for an appetizer -- I've never seen it prepared so well. My only gripe was that they didn't offer happy hour prices outside... only at the bar, where nobody was.
5	Been here three times now and loved it every time.  We ordered the chips and salsa as an appetizer and were glad we did.  Great chips and the tomatillo/avocado salsa was perfect.  I also really enjoyed the bean dip.  I have ordered both the shrimp and tilapia tostadas and the Chicken Rojo and would highly recommend either.  Service was the right  combination of friendly and efficient and they played good music, old time-y style country (don't worry, for those of you not into country, it wasn't too loud.)  Nice lighting, nice atmosphere.  We think we're pretty lucky to have a place like the Spotted Donkey Cantina in our neighborhood.  Stop by and you will see why.    PS: They have nice outdoor seating as well.
4	Like his spotted brother - "he kick's ass" - great food, awesome atmosphere.  Don' t miss the guac and the nachos.  I'd get on the back of this "ass" anytime.
5	We have been to the Spotted Donkey near the Bouldrs many times and every time the total experience was woderful, especially the consistantly great food.  On the other hand we have been to the new Spotted Donkey on Hayden 3 times and all three times the food was practically inedible. The food is consistantly dry, tastless and usually arrives at the table cold. It is a beautiful restaurant but I would highly reccomend avoiding the new one on Hayden.
4	Been to the Spotted Donkey in Carefree multiple times and always been happy.  (can't speak to their new location on Hayden as we haven't been there yet).  The drinks are very good, if a bit pricy and the apps are wonderful.  Ordered the short stack of nachos, stuffed peppers and enchaladas this time.  All very good and tasty.  One note, everything seemed to be a bit "saucier" this time, especially the nachos.  While the sauce is very good and tasty with a good amount of spice, it was a bit mcuh for me.  I don't remember it being that way before so perhaps this was a fluke.Will definately be back
3	Good atmosphere and food.  I was disappointed that the food was very americanized the food was sweet not spicey at all.
3	The ambience is great here. Make sure you sit outside overlooking the hills of North Scottsdale. The food is average, but not bad.
4	The Spotted Donkey is a great restaurant at el Pedregal at The Boulders.  One of the most scenic patios in the Valley of the Sun with top notch cuisine.  Great margaritas and ice cold Negra Modelo (yum). We started with the shrimp ceviche that was cool and refreshing, filled with flavors of pineapple, red onion, jalapeno, shrimp and lime juice.  For dinner I had the Pork Tenderloin served over green chile mac-n-cheese.  It was wonderful and bountiful serving so I was able to bring some home for lunch today.  Great for date night, lunch or with the family.  Chef Esteban serves up his delicious versions of mexican favorites.
3	(Review for the Scottsdale Road location)The Spotted Donkey is a semi-upscale Mexican restaurant with absolutely delicious food and great-tasting drinks (especially the signature margaritas). I really like the atmostphere and decor -- you can go in jeans or make it a lovely date night. The only thing that's holding me back from four stars is the price. I'll admit - I'm a bit of a cheapskate, so the prices might not bother you as much. But here's an example of something I find a bit over the top. They offer a delicious tableside chopped salad for lunch. However, it comes with bacon. Want to add chicken or shrimp (hey, even offer to substitute for the bacon if I'm feeling especially diet-conscious?) -- the salad now becomes nearly $15. For a salad. For lunch.Again, I know this is Scottsdale and the Spotted Donkey is a bit more upscale than, say, Zipps around the corner. So, definitely go there. (I have paid for this expensive salad more than once, and I probably will again.) Just be prepared to spend a bit more than your average lunch/dinner/happy hour.
3	The restaurant is good, very friendly and the prices are reasonable.I sat on the outdoor patio and was put off by the lighting.There were small useless lights on each table and one "parking lot" bulb lighting the entire patio.With some subtle lighting this place would be great but I felt like I was in a parking lot - you could not turn towards the one light without getting a painful beam of light in your eyes.
4	The Spotted Donkey is always good food, creative selections with a nice atmosphere and attentive service - Last night's visit was no different and the New Mexican green chilli meatloaf was a very pleasant surprise - I almost always get the Jalapeno shooters as well as the guacamole and am never disappointed. They weren't too keen on handing us the restaurant week menu which I never understand - Its a promotion of the food and brings new and regular customers to the business - take the hit, offer it to me and I will likely be back. At Flemings if you request tthe restaurant week menu, you will likely be ignored for the rest of the evening. Not so here, so I got over it. A couple of tasty margarita's helped..
2	Wonderful experience eating outside on the upper outside terrace but the food was run of the mill Mexican at best. Skip this one.
4	Love it!  Drinks could use a little updating.Food is delicious!  Environment is casual and clean.Staff are very friendly.Chips and 3 kinds if salsa- best I've had in a long time!Muchas Gracias!
4	Cornbread was fantastic but my little "side" portion was $5.  I know it's a pricey area, but some of the menu items are really up there, especially mixed drinks.  Even at happy hour it's tough to get out of there with a modest tab.   Queso-like appetizer was good as well.  Margaritas were so-so.  Nice atmosphere with ethnic theme, definately nicer than most Mexican places with a more clean cut demographic customer base.
5	Took my mother-in-law with the family for aBirthday brunch here last year. Beautiful drive up Scottsdale road to ElPedrigal. Upscales shops, and entertainment in the courtyard. We sat on thepatio, with great views of the Boulders, and listened to the acousticguitarist in the courtyard of the shopping center. Super atmosphere.The restaurant itself has a modern southwestern vibe that's perfect for amore sophisticated crowd. Creative, mexican menu with great margaritas,guacamole and poppers. My mother in law had the shrimp Caesar salad andloved it.A client introduced me to this on in El Pedrigal about 5 years ago. We find ourselves now going to the one on Hayden and Via De Ventura in Scottsdale since it is right by our office.
5	OH MY GOSH!I had no hope or expectation that this would be any better than average at best.  Holy Moley!  The Spotted Donkey Delivers!  This place is in a nice area, yet still out there enough to feel like a destination.  It is very well decorated and service is phenomenal.  The food is out of this world too!Here is a prime example of a place that charges a little more than normal for Mexican food but does a stellar job of making sure you get the value that they are charging you for.
4	Ok...expected the gringo resort treatment and came away impressed by the nacho's and poblano chiles: authentic yet very well presented.  Nice atmosphere too. A tad pricy, but well worth it for the unique treatment of  Mexican standards. Highly recommend it.  Oh and the 'short' plate of nacho's is PLENTY!
3	Very cute place! The chips and salsas are delicious and we ordered the taquitos.... Yum!  Great mimosas, as well.
3	I like this place, but my meal wasn't as great as i had hoped.  Margaritas are spot-on.  Vibe is quite quiet and quaint (I've wanted to write that for awhile!).  Very friendly staff.  My bartender/waiter offered several suggestions but I went with the fajitas, which he didn't suggest so maybe I should give myself just 3 stars.  But seriously, a place that calls itself a cantina should have great fajitas, right?  Well, they were good, but not great.   Very good guac, nicely warmed tortillas, but it was hard to find much chicken amidst the mound of peppers and onions, and the sauce it was cooked in was overwhelming.  The taste reminded me of something you would heat up in a frozen fajita kit, not something fresh and authentic.  Additionally, for $18 you would think it would come with rice, beans, cheese, etc.  Nope.Next time I'll go with the recommendations:  enchiladas, chalupa or stuffed pepper.
1	It took me over an hour to get my lunch today.  We had reservations for lunch.  They knew that there was a conference going on and it didn't matter.  I left the restaurant 1:40 minutes after I arrived.  There were no refills on water or ice tea.  I had to ask for a spoon for my coffee. We asked to be plated seperately just to get some food.  We asked for chips because some of us were very hungry.  It's not a surprise to see that the Scottsdale location is closed if this is how they treat a table of 11.  We did speak with the manager but she blamed it on the full kitchen.  Horrible way to treat people.
4	This is the good Spotted Donkey! We really liked other one before the ownership change, very much so disliked it after the ownership change, and are so happy to have found this one. The menu is full of great Tex Mex-with-a-fancy-twist-foods. Prices are a little higher than normal Mexican food however you actually get more quality and freshness for it. It's a great place to come for date night, a casual weeknight meal, or a family dinner.
1	Outrageously expensive place does not serve Mexican food, but instead food that has been manipulated by a chef to resemble something from Mexico.  Some items are good, but you will leave hungry and broke which is not the best approach for a restaurant to take.  Drive into one of the great places in Phoenix if you want real Mexican food, and some money left in your wallet.
5	Cant say enough about this place!!! the food is excellant so is the service!! Greg was probably the best server i have ever had, every recommendation he had was spot on!!!. I had the bbq braised beef on a pretzel roll and it was sooooo good! My boyfriend had the Baja fish tacos and he said they were great!! overall a great experience!! The Horseshoe margarita is a must try! It was also great to see that they support the local beers!! you will find me back there very soon!!!!!
5	Tortilla crusted, hand stuffed cheddar and bacon filled jalapeno shots dipped in a cilantro buttermilk sauce. Enough said. Picture this. Fried jalapenos sitting in a shot glass of buttermilk sauce. You take it out of the shot glass and bite into a fried jalapeno of gooey cheese that's oozing out. Along with the cheese, you taste bacon and southwest flavor. It's so good, you must have another and another and another...until all six have disappeared and you wish you had six more. This was my most recent experience at Spotted Donkey. They are called "Shooters" and you can order six or 12. After tasting them, I highly suggest going with the order of 12, that is, if you're hungry for fried happiness! This still stands as one of my most favorite restaurants in the Carefree area. I've been visiting since I was a teenager and it still has yet to disappoint. Everything here is delicious, especially the southwestern mac and cheese and the stuffed chile peppers. Really, you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
2	Shockingly disappointed!  We went to SDC last night for dinner.  Good meal as usual until it came to the bill.  It would appear as though the Spotted Donkey now has a mandatory 20% gratuity for a party of 5 or more.  This came as a bit of a surprise even though we typically tip 18%-20% for their good service.  What was really surprising was that our "party of 5" consisted of 3 adults, a 4 year old and a 20 month old.  What was a satisfying meal of a sudden became marginal.
2	This is not really Mexican Food, but a menu that puts together items with a south of the border flair.  While the chips and salsa are good and served in a unique way, this may be the highlight of the night.  The food is expensive, and really not that great.  The margaritas are way too sweet, and the number of tequilas you can order is very limited for a place that serves Mexican Food.  The service is good and the decor is nice, and the outside patio area is great, but none of this matters when the food is lousy.  Been there several times, won't be going back.
5	Fantastic food, fantastic atmosphere.
4	Busy bar. Friendly vibe. Great margarita's. Definitely recommend the pulled pork chalupa. Consistently good restaurant.
4	Great atmosphere! Nice area and nice set up inside. Very, very friendly wait staff. The quesadilla was great as were the enchiladas. The sopapillas could have more umph to them, but they were ok. A tiny bit overpriced, but overall liked it and will go back.
5	Great for either a snack or a full meal. I don't think I'll ever order Nachos anywhere else. The Sopapillas were also standard-setting.
3	We just moved here and had a family-from out of town- dinner here.  We are searching and trying to find some favorite restaurants.  Spotted Donkey is a great space, open and well decorated.  They sat us at an uncomfortable table for 5, but I think there are no good tables for 5.  The waiter started to ask about drinks and responded to an innocent question about types of tequila with a 7 minute monologue about the special tequilas they buy and how awesome the margaritas are.  It was 7 minutes more about tequila than I really wanted to know.  Especially since the margaritas ended up being inconsistent from one drink to the next.  Other than the tequila rant, the service was outstanding. We started with an order of guacamole.  And they really did charge $11 for a small scoop of guacamole and  $7 for chips and salsa.  At that point I'm not sure I cared that they were good.  I ordered the squash quesadillas.  The veggies were crisp and it was tasty.  I enjoyed them.  But other folks didn't care for the mole, or the enchiladas.
4	Fresh food, great presentation,  decent price and reasonable portion sizes.  Staff was friendly and attentive.
2	The restaurant is beautiful but everything else was downhill. The Margarita on the rocks was mostly rocks and tasted like the too sweet premix they sell in the grocery store. The chopped salad was good but the main meatloaf entree tasted like spotted donkey. This is one of the restaurants at the Boulders resort in Carefree and the entire staff from the bellhops to the front desk recommended it a little too hard which aroused my suspicions. I have to believe there is a lot better Mexican food in this part of Arizona. Our waitress was on automatic pilot so no help there.
5	Wow!!! What a great find.  The stuffed peppers I had were awesome and NOT breaded.  They really take their tequila seriously. The Naranja Margarita was so good we asked for the recipe.  The bartender came out and told us everything from how they infuse their tequila to how they make their Margarita mix.  Our server was very knowledgable about all aspects of the menu.  Will be back very soon!!!!
5	Wow. Ate here while staying at the Boulders. Great food. Everything we ate was amazing. Food was on the spicy side which I enjoyed! House margarita was one of the best I've had,Very fresh! I highly recommend the pulled pork sandwich on the pretzel bun. We were here during off season do there was no wait.
4	Good food and good service. Get the enchiladas!
5	Since we were staying at The Boulders we decided to try this place. For some reason we didn't go there on a previous visit.Right off, my wife fell in love with the chips and salsa. I too thought it was amazing. NYC Mexican food is as far from Mexican as Chipotle is to Taco Bell. Everything was so fresh and well prepared.I was recommended the braised beef tacos and the enchilada for the wife. We both really loved it so much. I was quite surprised about her liking the food since she's picky when it comes to veg food flavors.I highly recommend this place if you're anywhere in the area. It's a bit of a drive from Scottsdale but worth going if you're there.
4	My friend and I went for the Margaritas. It was nice that our server was so knowledgable in Tequila that he opened our minds to try something new.  We ordered food and we definitely could have shared. The portions are worth every penny. We had such a great time we went back the next night.
5	Fantastic. Servings were generous. The Flourless chocolate cake was awesome. Lots of gluten free items too!
5	We had been here a few years ago and really enjoyed.  We went back last weekend as we had a staycation at the Boulders.  Hilton now owns this restaurant.  This food was really amazing.  We started with the 3 salsas as we did last time, and they were still great.  I had the enchiladas and my husband the pork tenderloin.  Would highly recommend both.  Portions are large, and next time I would try dessert rather than an app just for something different.  The service was great as well.  This restaurant is over 45 minutes from our home but we will be going again for sure!
3	Love the food! There is a guy bartender there who has been there for awhile & he is GREAT so don't hesitate to sit @ the bar to eat if you can't get a table.  The only reason not 4-5 stars is we showed up one night for our 5 person reservation & our table wasn't ready even though I could see a couple empties..... so we told them we would sit @ the bar & wait where we proceeded to order drinks & apps, our reservation was for 8:30 & our group was getting a little hungry.  After about 45+ mins, our apps were completely devoured & we were getting ready to order another round... I, (the spokesman of our group) went to inquire about our table???  She said "oh?  you still want it? we thought you seemed fine at the bar"  Yeah, I am "fine" at the bar, I will make the most of any situation but I did reserve a table!!  WTH?  Well, of course they then seated our party but since when does waiting at the bar negate your request of a table?!  Other than that the food is great & the service delightful, make sure the hostess understands whats going on, she seems a little slow.....
4	Great food, nice ambience and service.  My only note would be that they bring food so fast it makes you feel rushed.
2	Poorly managed...felt like Robert from Restaurant: Impossible would show anytime to break up the gang of waiters gossiping near the door...hearing words like "nasty" made me cringe yet the enchilada was ok but certainly not worth $15.
2	Spotty.....While I find their menu good to explore, the service doesn't meet the standard.  We have been on numerous occasions and it is the continuous downside.  They are friendly, for the most part, but just not prepared for the rush. We waited extensively for every portion of our visit from being seated to paying the tab. To get their attention we actually stood up and waited for someone to bring our check and box for carry.  I also think $36 for two adults and one child at lunch (two appetizers and one child's meal) is a over priced, but we expected it beings they draw from the Boulders Resort crowd and is priced at that rate.  If you go, know they are not open for lunch during the week. Maybe only on Sunday and it would be in your best interest to have a reservation, especially if you want to sit on the quaint and small outdoor patio.  We like their gau and the chicken taquitos are incredible.
4	We are regulars.  Great patio.  Food is great.
4	Here we go again with ridiculously priced guacamole, but it was so good I forgot about the price.  And the jalapeno shooters?  Genius.  I only wish we had ordered a "double barrel" and not a "six shooter."We only had appetizers on my one visit to Spotted Donkey, but it was enough that I wouldn't mind the drive up to Carefree a second time with the obligatory stay at The Boulders...just in case we shouldn't drive home.
4	This place was really fun.  it's in a mall, and doesn't look like much from the outside.  Several other restaurants were dead, but this restaurant was packed, and for good reason.The atmosphere was fun, the service was great, and the food was a step up from the usual mexican place.  It's not fancy food by any stretch - it's just high quality and prepared with care.The cocktails weren't cheap, but they didn't leave us feeling let down.  The Mezcal Mule was the popular drink of the evening.
4	I've been here a few times and always had great food. On the latest trip, I tried the duck quesadilla. It's the only time I've seen duck used in a quesadilla, but the meat was plentiful and had an excellent flavor. The tortilla and cheese were cooked well. It also came with a blood orage habanero dipping sauce, which was incredible. The fruit flavors made it almost like candy, but then the habanero packed a huge punch of spice. I definitely recommend this dish. Another tasty item is the chips and guacamole appetizer. I don't typically like guacamole, but they do a great job here and mix in a lot of fresh ingredients. You can ask for salsa on the side as well.The staff are friendly and courteous. The menu items are priced fairly. Although it is located way out in the middle of nowhere, this is a place worth trying for a nice Mexican-inspired meal.
4	I love to read reviews from everybody complaining about the drive to Carefree.    I feel your pain when I go to a Dbacks game  I live a couple miles down Carefree Highway but in 3 years had never stopped here at the Donkey ..but we went    Maybe you have heard the weather in AZ is glorious 9 months of the year and many restaurants have wonderful outdoor seating     So we cruised up the road thinking about dinner and at the bar we just had drinks and chips with the fundido.  Then we were full.  Next time we had drinks and an appetizer and we were full and left.    Everything tasty.   The  drinks were weak, but I like them strong enough to make me scared driving home.   Mac and cheese is tasty.  I'm going Wednesday for lunch.  I will try to get an entree.   Someone mentioned they didn't like the crowd.  This isn't old town Scottsdale. It is almost Carefree next to an expensive resort.   So no rap music or skanks.   Older folks with money! Worth a visit if you're in town.  If you're staying at the Boulders ask for doubles and stagger back to your room.
4	Here for dinner in April and had taken friends from east coast to lunch in February.  Never a problem with seating even when crowded.  Nice outdoor area. Everyone loved their food, but made traditional mexican choices.  Their guacamole is luscious and prickly pear margaritas very tasty.  Reliable favorite.
5	Awesome guacamole and the tacos are great! We live in AZ and stopped in for dinner when staying at the boulders. I recommend it!
3	Yet again, Phoenicians, I worry about your taste buds. Have they ever actually had amazing high-end Mexican?The Spotted Donkey is a solid option for well-executed, if a bit odd, Mexican with a twist. For the price, I expected a table-side preparation of a giant guacamole bowl. It was fresh, and if it's you're bag, impressively smooth. The flavors meld well, but it's not spicy or particularly unique. The shrimp cocktail, done in a 'ceviche' style was certainly different. The 'ceviche' term is misappropriated - it's not ceviche, but closer to a 'campechana.' The addition of cucumber to the traditional mix of avocado, onion, tomato, cilantro, lime, and hot sauce was unique - not in a bad way, just an unexpected, unconventional note among a typical preparation.
4	I always leave Spotted Donkey satisfied...mostly because I always get the pork nachos to start off the meal! Every dish I have had has been great.  Favorites are the Carne Asada, Enchiladas, AZ Mac & Cheese. Service has always been good, not great...sometimes can be a little slow (table full of empty water glasses probably means you should bring a pitcher over once in a while...just sayin').  Margaritas are solid & beer is cold!
4	Of the high end Mexican restaurants, this is my favorite.  It's not an inexpensive restaurant but the quality of the cheese, meats and veg is certainly a cut above.  The atmosphere is more upscale than a typical Mexican restaurant and the barkeep does a mean margarita.Additionally, I love their chips and salsa.  They have an excellent salsa with light portions of meat in it which is delicious.  I'm a fan.
5	Jalepeno shots are great! A lil spicy for you novices, but nothing scorching for those who like the heat. The carne asada was great and salmon tostada was mmmtastic. Service what what you'd hope for in all restaurants, friendly faces, timely and proactive.
5	A bit pricey, but the food & service were very good.
5	Great house tequila!
2	Went there after realizing that Brugo's was not open as advertised. I liked, just liked the food,but the service is terrible! We were a party do 4 that went in for dinner at about 415. There were only about 5 people in the place so when we entered we were quickly greeted and sat down and were the only party at the dining area. Water was poured quickly and we were told our server would be with us soon. So after at least 10 minutes and not seeing anyone but the hostesses, bus staff and bartender,who all were engrossed in television at the bar, I went to FIND A SERVER. She arrived and seemed a bit perturbed and argumentative but took our orders. The food arrived quickly and was just ok, but very overpriced for the servings.Probably won't be going back here, there are too many great restaurants in the area with great service.
5	If you have ever had hatch green chili you know that it is by far the best green chili in the world.  This restaurant has multiple recipes that include some hatch.  I recommend the Mac and cheese or the enchiladas both were outstanding.
4	We've been here for happy hour a couple times but it's been a while since we had a meal.  Drinks and dinner were very good.  Service was attentive and friendly.
4	So awesome!!  Yummy fajitas, enchilada, guac and queso!!  Only thing missing was a dessert!!
4	Food was fantastic ... had the monthly special - Short Ribs and Green Chiie Mac and Cheese and the chicken breast dinner with potato cakes.  Both of us loved our meals, but the margaritas were WAY over priced ... small and really not that good for what they are charging.
4	Our hosts for the weekend took us here for lunch and I'm so glad they did. GREAT food!We were all starving so before our hostess could seat our party of 4, we had two orders of chips and guacamole and a round of top shelf margaritas ordered. The drinks were delivered right away and the chips and guacamole shortly followed. Chips and guacamole hit the spot and so did the margarita!We all ended up ordering the same item; chicken enchiladas that came with spanish rice and black beans.  A pretty standard and typical item on a mexican restaurants menu but I have to say, it was very tasty and was prepared well.  The chicken was not dry at all. We all over indulged in chips and guac so finishing our entrees would be next to impossible. We had lots of leftovers, for sure. We came on a Saturday afternoon right during the lunch rush hour but it wasn't busy at all. This allowed for our meals and drinks to come out rather quickly. We were in and out in an hour. Pretty quick lunch, I'll say...
5	Awesome staff.  Salad was excellent.  If you are staying at The Boulders it's a good option.
4	Excellent food. The Arizona Mac and Cheese was one of the best things I've ever eaten. Good margaritas, tasty salsas, easy walk from the Boulders. We would absolutely go again. Next time, however, I would request a seat near the window to watch the sunset. This place gets crowded and a little loud.
3	We went to the spotted donkey for a late lunch.  Service was good,we were seated right away.  We ordered taquitos, one of the appetizers, and it was outstanding.  My friend got chicken enchiladas for lunch and it was nothing to write home about.  I ordered the veggie cheese crisp and it was good.  I will go back but I will try something a little more adventurous than our usual standbys.
5	The most amazing calamari I have ever had in my life! You've never had calamari like this! They use a different part of octopus then everywhere else. Its so moist! Omg! Also got the huevo rolls, very good too! The naranja margarita was the most delicious drink I've ever had, be careful, I could easily have one too many of these! You can barely taste the tequila, but even with my high tolerance, felt it after one. Every one here was super friendly and the manager, or guy that sat us was pretty charming and cute! Don't sleep on this place!
3	Close walk if you're staying at The Boulders Resort! I got the salmon tostadas (slightly fishy) and my lunch date got the beef enchiladas. For the convenience, it was a decent place to dine al fresco. Our host/the owner(?) was super friendly.  Much like Dan G's review-- Spotted Donkey offers the usual Mex-American fare. Our food was predictable but dependable.
4	I was staying at the Boulders Resort and wandered over here for dinner. The fish tacos were so yummy and piled high with cabbage, pico and creme. I was full after ordering the chips and salsa- they come with 3 flavors and they are all packing a variety of flavors. The Prickly Pear margarita rocked too! I sat on the rooftop patio with a heat lamp. I enjoyed it here and the food is really good. If I am ever back in Scottsdale this will be a stop I make.
3	I love this place for Happy Hour, BUT, do not go at 5pm!  We went in on Fri at 4:50 & All 6 little pub tables around the bar were taken.  There were 3 of us & the hostess wanted us to sit at the bar.  How can 3 people sitting at a bar share an appetizer, let alone have a nice conversation? They would not allow us to sit at a table & still get the Happy Hour discount.  Very Disappointed, as this place is now owned by the Boulder Resort & we would expect better serivce. Not to mention, that we Aways order dinner too!  If they are going to be this crowded during their Happy Hour, why don't they add more pub tables?  Very unfair and turned us away :(
5	A local realtor recommended Spotted Donkey as a great place to dine and have a drink on the patio.  We could not have been happier with our experience there!  The outdoor patio had gorgeous views of the surrounding mountains, the food was delicious and innovative, and the staff was friendly and enthusiastic.   This place is a new Phoenix area favorite!
5	We ate here after a round at The Boulders and were not disappointed! The food here is excellent. I had the chicken fajitas and the hubs had the pork tenderloin. Both dishes were outstanding. The restaurant was completely packed on a Sunday night too, so you know they're doing something right. Drinks were delicious. This place is somewhat pricey but I am a big believer in you get what you pay for. We can't wait to come back!
5	vacationed at the boulders resort,restaurant is right next door,our family ate there 5 times, every meal was excellent ! Margaritas are the best I ever had, wish I lived closer !
2	This had been my favorite mexican restaurant for years....But things have changed. A couple of weeks ago, they decided to change things and not for the better....the price of the Margaritas was increased to $10.00 each and the size of the glassed was decreased. It is much smaller and also cost more. The Happy hour was changed to $8.00 drinks from $5.00 and again they are much smaller.   The meals also seem to have been changed. The enchalatas are smaller and not as they were, looks like they are trying to chinch on the product to try to increase the profit margin. We are looking for a new spot.   too bad this place used to be great.
3	Ok - maybe my colleagues talked this one up a bit too much! The most I could give this place is my three star rating. The parking was horrible - thank God it doesn't rain here because I'd be soaking wet by the time I got to the restaurant. The selection was ok, but I didn't think it had the variety it should have. The price wasn't the highest in town, but it certainly makes you think about it, which in turn makes you believe you'd get better food and service. Though the service wasn't lousy - when you charge the big bucks - people expect the best!Overall cleanliness was ok - but again - not the best I've seen. The portion size and the overall flavor of the meal was also good - nothing to rant and rave about.Would I go back - I doubt it - not because it's bad, but because it's sorta out of the way and didn't measure up for my return. If they sold baseball hats with their logo and name on it - I might be enticed to return though - of course they'd probably charge 35 bucks for a generic manufactured hat!
4	Very good.
2	not a good ole Mexican restaurant. can't manage to make guacamole properly. enough said. Too touristy and I think I'm the only non white in the join other than the server/waitresses.
4	We love this place.  The calamri tenderloin is incredible and   Outdoor patio is awesome and the food is hearty but creative.unique.  The baracoa chimis are awesome.  The chips with three dips is also great.  Only knock is that iti is a little expensive.  We asked for chips with dip and guacomole and they brought our two bowls of chips and it was over $20 because they sent out two orders.  Most dishes are around $15.
2	Poor service on multiple visits so it's time for an update.  The most recent involved being seated at the bar with no acknowledgment from the bartender who then left the bar for a several minutes.  No greeting.  No drink order.  Nothing.  Did I not exist?  What if the other patrons at the bar needed something?  For the quasi-upscale places like this, you simply should not experience this sort of thing.  Ever.  I walked.They're also hyping their Herradura tequila bottled for them, but they embarrass themselves by serving it chilled.  This isn't vodka.  Coldness mutes the aromas and flavors.  And tequila just isn't served chilled anyway.  What a joke.  I was polite in pointing out the issue with serving a premium tequila this way, and apparently they've received that criticism/concern in the past... yet they continue to do it anyway.
2	Unfortunately just not very good. Not a terrible experience as the service was ok and busy place but food is marginal and price is on upper end for mex food. $11.95 for chips and guacamole... $8 for the house marg. $30 for fajitas for 2. That's all fine if it is good but sad to say most could make better mex food at home.
4	Great guacamole! Good margaritas. Had the shrimp fajitas which were great and my mom had the nachos. She's a bit if a connoisseur and really liked them. Service left a bit to be desired, but were we in the bar.
4	I love this place. Have been there many times. The food is great, we like to sit at the bar. The bartenders are awesome and very attentive. It is in the middle of no where but that doesn't stop us from going there at least once a month!!!!
5	Spotted Donkey is definitely a bit pricey and out of the way for your average outing, but it is totally worth it for those special occasions. My wife has tried Baja fish tacos at dozens of restaurant, street vendors and food trucks over the years, but for her birthday yesterday she wanted the one she ranks higher than all others: the ones at Spotted Donkey. Like every time before, the food was amazing, although I inexplicably chickend out (pollo'd out?) and got a burger. It was really good but I regret wasting the opportunity to try something truly memorable there. Learn from my mistake. I have. We will going back next month for my bday!
5	Seafood enchiladas in North Scottsdale? Say yes and don't look back! The Enchilada de Mariscos here is comprised of seared shrimp, blue crab, cheddar and monterey jack cheeses, rice and orange pico. And, it's 100% delicious. Be sure to order the guacamole appetizer too. The chips are addicting. Maybe the reason why the location is so far from town is so that you have time to digest on the car ride home. With the 2014 Opentable Diner's Choice award, you can't go wrong.
5	Had a fantastic time.  Get the salsa trio and chips - positively delicious!  Definitely try the double barrel spotted donkey tequila - ultra smooth and flavorful - just wish we could have bought a bottle!
3	We have tried Spotted Donkey twice in the last 4 months.  Each time there has been an incremental decrease in the quality of the food and SERVICE.  We will try again but our most recent Happy Hour visit left us scratching our heads.We love our local establishments and I encourage everyone to give them a try...come to your own conclusion.  A very very cool venue and i hope that the precipitous decline in service is short lived.
5	Great nachos! They are huge and the best I have ever had.  Fish tacos also awesome. Service was great.
2	So disappointed. Used to be fabulous. Great ambiance and service, but food is mediocre at best and way too expensive. Hope it gets back to where it was. Very $ for quality.
1	I recommended this place to my daughter and her friends when they were in visiting us from Chicago.  I am sorry i did.   4 young working professionals (age 27-38)  walked into the Spotted Donkey.  They waited for someone to acknowledge them and 10 minutes passed and no one did.   The place had only 2 table occupied with elderly couples.   Finally a woman seated us and then took many minutes to return ...we ordered the nachos, which were horrible.  Tasteless, she returned and we asked for the check...she was so rude to the young ladies thatthey and we will never return there.  We certainly will not recommend to any of our visiting friends.
1	My friends and I went into Spotted Donkey one SLOW afternoon. We left due the lack of services and the utterly rude waitress. Not to mention the the bland food! Spotted Donkey should be ashamed of how they treated us!  I will never return, and I will also let EVERYONE  in the industry know how RUDE and how unprofessional they were.
4	I enjoyed the chopped salad very much. We got the shrimp appetizer and it was spicy but very good. The service is precise and not pushy or rushed. The music is nice, the faculties are clean and overall the restaurant feels like it's new.  I would like to go here for dinner and see what the crowd is like. I will definitely be back.
1	I was very disappointed in the food here, especially for what I paid for it. I ordered the stuffed pepper (for lack of better term) that was supposed to have meat, rice, cheese along with a few other things. And all I got was a pepper stuffed with rice and a few scraps of meat. I was hoping they would redeem themselves with dessert. They said all their deserts fed two easily, and for 9 bucks I would hope so. So we ordered the fried icecream. And got a small scoop of fried icecream drowning in whipped cream. So basically paid $9 for whipped cream. Very disappointed and never going back or recommending this place to anyone ever.
1	We found glass on the lemons that were brought for our water. That's bad enough, but when I pointed it out to the manager he just told me that they threw the lemon slices away. No compensation...no offer for dessert. Nothing else! Glass??? The food was so-so and overpriced, no rice or beans with the fajitas, chips and salsa are extra... Who's ever heard of that with Mexican restaurant? I think they just take advantage of people that come to the Boulders or are in the area vacationing. I would look elsewhere for Mexican restaurant!  (I thought the waitress was nice, however.)
5	A Hidden gem of friendly personalized service and amazing food. Absolutely fabulous. Everyone from the second we walked in the door to our server dropping the check. I had the cantina shooters, so good!!!
5	service was on point and the food was even better, try the special tequila straight from Mexico
5	I came here last weekend and LOVED it! The environment here is great for a date night. Our server, Melissa, was so friendly and knowledgeable about the menu! She recommended their house tequila and it was bomb!
3	My friends and I used to love this place but the recent changes have been unfortunate. The menu is smaller and more expensive than it was in the past and the food is extremely overpriced for what it is. Staff is always friendly and talkative and the location is great. Their patio dining is one of the best in north Scottsdale and the surrounding area is beautiful. Overall a good place for happy hour or a nice dinner but be prepared to pay for it.
1	HORRIBLE!!!! I do not know how this place stays in business... Bland! No flavor at all and over priced! I'm from Houston so my Mexican food standards are high.  I will NEVER come back to this place :(
5	Our server Melissa was Awesome. We were here for happy hour WOW great !The Nachos were the best we ever had, California included. Restaurant is tucked away and a bit hard to find, but well worth it ! Authentic Mexican food - delicious !
4	We were torn on coming here because of the reviews but it worked out, I would recommend it, especially if you're staying at the Boulders Resort (they will drive you there on a golf car). I'm guessing they might have read the reviews and addressed the problems.Our service was great (went there 3 days over a 6 day visit). The food was a little overpriced (it's part of the Waldorf Asotria, so I kind of expected that, but charged it back to my room to get the HHonors points).While it wasn't the best Mexican food I've ever had, it was tasty and good.The atmosphere is casual and friendly.
4	This place has become our go to place to eat. Don't get me wrong it's not amazing - but it is tasty, consistent and convenient to us. We've eaten here 3x  - I had green chile chicken enchiladas each time and my husband had the chimichanga (2x) and a quesadilla. The green chile pretty much lacked any heat but the enchiladas had a good flavor. My husband enjoyed what he tried although he agreed the chile had no heat. The price is pretty comparable with other places in this area. Staff is always friendly and helpful (we typically do a to-go order so I can't speak to the dining in experience). This, perhaps, some of the better Mexican food in the area.
1	Something has changed here... Food sucks... Very expensive ... Don't waste your money here
5	Mahi Mahi fish tacos are excellent. Love the enchiladas because you get hatch green chile (the best) and red chile. Margaritas are also awesome. Ask for Josh as your waiter, native AZ and very friendly.
2	We've been to the Spotted Donkey a few times, never very memorable. Cute typical Mexican restaurant decor, nice outside patio. Fun to go with friends for drinks. Pricier than your average Mexican restaurant but of course it is in a high-end shopping center at the Boulders in Carefree. Most Mexican restaurants you fill up on chips and salsa prior to your meal but you won't have that problem here unless you want to purchase your chips and salsa. The Sangria and Margaritas are are good and they do have a great selection of Tequilas.The food is typical Mexican fare, good but nothing spectacular.
5	Love this place! Everything is great here!! Jalapeno shooters are great! enchalitas also a fav! Miss the Ben and Jerry's downstairs!
5	OK this was fun.    We just arrive at the Bolders after a six hour drive.    Dropped off the luggage and found this little gem for lunch. The Cadillac margaritas were refreshing with a generous pour of tequila.   We shared and enjoyed the shrimp cevice and the nacho's.   Oh but not just nacho's!   You are properly warned in advance that they are not what one would typically expect.    Corn toritillas and cheese yes.    But add to it olives, black beans and red and green enchilada sauce.   An amazing concoction of flavors!  The cevice was fresh, generous and full of flavor.   Our server was attentive and as friendly as can be.  We wish we could box this place up and take it home to California!
1	On September 6, 2014, a friend and I faced one of the worst meals of our lives.  The seafood enchiladas were soggy mushed fish in soggier tortillas, and they were repulsive.  Imagine putting canned tuna through a blender, and that's what our food looked like.  I counted only 2 whole shrimp, and I never saw a sign of crabmeat.  Don't waste your money and your time at SDC.  Far better food is available at a Rubio's that serves tasty fish tacos and other fish treats.  You'll pay far less at Rubio's, and you'll enjoy well-prepared food.
5	I have eaten here about a dozen times.  House margaritas and jalapeno poppers are my favorite.  I wish it was closer to my house.
5	Love this place! Had a great rum/ grapefruit cocktail, so good. The shrimp on skewers appetizer we get every time. Really big meaty shrimp. I had the mahi mahi tacos, divine. One of our regular go to places.
5	This place is the BOMB!  Although we live a 1-1/2 hr drive away, whenever we head to Phoenix are for anything, we make sure to time it so that we can hit the Spotted Donkey in Scottsdale for either lunch or happy hour.  The frozen margaritas are to die for - they use something like a slushy machine to blend them and it keeps them slushy with no separation of ice & cocktail for the entire drink.  They are the best I've had anywhere! The tempura shrimp appetizers are the largest shrimp I've ever seen and the presentation is amazing.  The jalapeno shooters are a must have each & every time we go there and the calamari appetizer is like calamari steak strips with none of the stringy tentacle stuff attached - so delicious as well.  Everything we've seen being served as elicited comments from us such as "oooh that looks good" or "we should have ordered that too".  If you are lucky enough to go when Scott the bartender is working, you are in for a treat - he is a native Arizonian and a fountain of interesting, little known, knowledge regarding all things "Arizonian".  Personality plus as well and always has a genuine smile & a great sense of humor too.  Do yourself a favor and get there - if we can make it and have a 3 hour round trip each time, anyone within a 50 mile radius of Phoenix needs to experience this place.
5	Spotted Donkey is as "good as it gets" because of Scott Pearson.  We wanted to find a place this afternoon where we could have our spirits lifted and have yummy food - Spotted Donkey came to mind and we crossed our fingers that Scott would be working!  His attention to detail and friendliness really added to a fantastic experience.  Thank you Scott!
4	Had dinner last night. Food is great!  The Donkey nacho was awesome. Lots of flavor and the meat is tender with lots of fat. And fat is good!  Son ordered quesadilla with pork appetizer. The size is huge. I had pork tenderloin with pasta. So yummy and tender the pork I ate the entire thing.  Going back in 2 days.
1	I have been coming here for a couple years now, live locally and stopped in today to see the new lunch menu with prices that are outrageously expensive.  I am a customer that supports this restaurant throughout the year. Why are you price gouging us? Where is the chicken Cesar salad?
5	Good food, good service, and the nachos are really good.Outside patio is great in the summer.
4	First time here. Pumpkin porter was good and holy shit. Donkey nachos. Amazing. When I cone back will be back here again
5	This place is so good!!  I would ride a donkey all the way from my place in Phoenix to eat the Donkey Nachos.
2	Worst service ever. And they tried to bribe me with a horrible chocolate cake.  I was staying at the Boulders, Waldorf Astoria with my family.  I heard this restaurant was great so i called to order take out. 20 minutes of calling no one answered.  I decided to go and order in person.  Once was there the host was great. Nice and polite.  My bigger issue was that they messed up the order and didn't include several items in my TO GO order.  Once I was back at the hotel, sat down with family, and was unwrapping dinner I noticed they forgot a few items.  Already 20 minutes away I had to get ready and head back to the restaurant where the host was nice enough to take quick action. Severa minutes later they came out and gave me my correct order. My gripe is that on to go orders, restaurants need to be more exact.  I think forgetting "to go" items is the worst next to spitting in the food.  Also the food wasn't great. The hotel bar food was better. I should of just ordered room service.  It was that bad. Dear spotted donkey: no need to bribe your customers... Just get it right the first time.  Have some quality control.
2	Such a shame. Had 9 of us. Two are chefs. All the food good flavor but way, way, over salted all the meals to the point we could not eat it. If they remove some of the salt we would come back ;-(
4	The Cantina Shooters were very good. Stuffed Jalapeno's with a cream sauce in a Shot Glass. Presentation was great. There were six of us on a Tuesday night - the place was hopping busy and everyone enjoyed their food and service from the Chili Rellenos, Cheese Enchiladas, Shrimp Tacos, Carne Asada. Some of us shared dishes - the portions are large. Also the Sopapillas with cinnamon Ice cream and whipped cream for dessert were great. Our server & hostess were very nice as we mentioned it was our first time here. Very lucky to live down the street - we will be back soon. Only negative was the wine and mixed drinks were pricey but the local draft beers are fairly priced. I imagine they have a nice happy hour and will check that out.
5	I am surprised that this is not a more well known place.. The food is full of flavor.. Everything I have had there is well prepared. This is a destination spot for us since we have to drive from Central Phoenix to eat here.
3	Nothing spectacular about the food here. The drinks are strong. Reservations are a must which can be a pain with large groups, especially when you are locked in a resort without many choices to begin with.
4	Spotted Donkey may be hidden in a resort/strip mall, but it stands out. The food is always high quality, fresh, and satisfying. We love the Mexican-style meatloaf and the enchiladas. One caveat--lactose intolerant folks beware, they love their cheese here! Ask for your dishes with light or no cheese. For the cheesy people like me, this is a plus!
