5	I really like it. Glad you guys are here for the holidays! Chris H. Helped us, and he was so very helpful.I was able to get all family something for Christmas. They basically saved my Christmas! I financed all my purchases, cause  i have been dealing with health problems these past couple months, and missed lots of work. Went to Conn's just to see what the letter they sent me of a Pre-Approval, and it is totally legitamate! Conns gave me a PHAT line of credit, so it has saved my 2013 Christmas! : ) Thanks Guys!!! I will be back for that iComfort king size bed, and the 80 inch TV!!!
4	I went to Conn's after our washer stopped working, and needed a new one before holidays. Terrance helped me out. The manager Aaron was also very nice and helpful. They both went above and beyond to make sure me and my two kids were comfortable during the process.I bought a new set on my application approval. The only annoying part was dealing with all the extra talk about warranties, but i suppose that is an important part of their sale. Terrance was not annoying about it like I've heard other sales people can be from here. I was charged for an extra set of hoses and he caught it when I would have missed it and gave me the credit. I feel he is an honest guy, yet very knowledgeable about what I was buying. He gave me tips on using the new model set, because it is not a front loader nor a stand washer with an agitator. Stuff I probably wouldn't have figured out.FIVE stars for Terrance D. but minus one star for having to fill out a rebate form to get the free advertised delivery... a bit of a hassle. Bottom line, I have a huge credit line at Sears and Lowe's but chose Conn's for my final purchase at 0% financing.
5	Bought appliances and furniture, fast and easy.  Great Customer service from Mark Simon are sales man.  Thank you for your help!!
1	Beauty is only skin deep. Conn's service/repair facility is horrible to deal with and the salesman that sold us an extended warranty for a laptop lied about having to send a defective item in for service. We were told we could exchange the laptop for a new one if it failed and that's isn't what happened. They have had the laptop for 9 days and counting and haven't even looked at it yet.
5	Great store! I went to Conn's looking for a new tv after I decided to upgrade my old one. Boris was great at helping me find what I was looking for at a decent price. Very knowledgeable.  I wanted to finance my purchase and I knew it was going to be a long and annoying process. Boris made it quick and painless. I was very relieved. I recommend Conn's to anyone who wants a friendly staff, awesome prices and great service.
