1	Ok, first of all, when I got there this morning to pick up my lunch,  the guy behind the counter was hitting on the gal in front of me so hard.  He spent all of his time and smiles on her that by the time he got to my order, he had not an ounce of friendliness left.  He acted like he was doing me a favor, begrudgingly.  That in itself is nothing, I have lowered my expectations of customer service since this new generation of pimple popping orgy addicts got their work permits a few years ago.  However, when I got the foot-long turkey sammi back to my office, the half I chose for breakfast had a little good morning suprise. (I just threw up in my mouth a bit.)They should change their slogan from "Eat Freash!" to "Eat Some Complete Stranger's Hair, Then Gag and Lose Your Appetite Completely".  I'll bet that is the real reason Jared lost all that weight.  Not happy Subway.  There is  a lovely Quiznos on Central and Camelback... They will serve my periodic sub sandwhich needs from now on.AND DON"T CALL ME MAAM YOU IDIOT!  And get your teeth cleaned! That yucky yellow stuff is called tartar and it can be removed.
4	We had a very great experience at the subway on N. 16th in Phoenix, the two young men who were working on this day were so polite, made our sandwiches exactly as we wanted them and they were great.  We will definately mention this to their GM, and people in the area should check them out.  $5 for a footlong, a great deal.
4	I like this Subway.  It's newly remodeled and if you go after 12:30 you beat the lunch rush.,  It's always been clean when I go in and the workers seem to stay, not a super high turnover.  They are always super nice too.
4	Great customer service, food is made to your liking. The only negative is, I wish they could do something about the bums infesting the area. It can be a little bit of a deterrent when females go in alone.
2	As a frequent subway-go-er, this has been the worst subway i've ever gone to. Normally I feel bad about negatively reviewing a place, but after experiencing negative customer service more than 5 times at that location, i'd say it's safe to let it all out. While this place is conveniently close to my work, I am finding myself avoiding it every day during lunch time. Why? the employees frequently pick on me for the specific instructions I have on my sandwich. It seems as though asking for a little avocado is being noted as "picky". I am constantly picked on each time I go in there with constant "oh im sorry did you want cheese on this side or that?", "girlfriend make up your mind!", and "laughs" because I didn't want that extra high caloried 3rd cookie because it's 3 for a dollar (yes i like 2 and only 2 for the sake of not indulging myself...I think thats quite enough for my dollar thank you). As a customer, you're always supposed to walk out with a smile and experience a positive environment. Do I experience any of those? absolutely not, I find myself constantly muttering a bunch of rants each time I walk out in frustration that I as a customer am being picked on!! Perhaps that's their sense of humor, but they should realize that customer service is not a comedy show, and I don't have time for their silly remarks. Additionally, their "welcome to subway" is not welcome at all, especially when you don't even look at the customer while saying it. They're better off just not saying it all if it is not sincere. I will spend the extra dollar and mile to go to chipotle, thanks.
2	I have been to this subway at 16th st and thomas many times. What I like about subway in general is they fix the food rite there in front of you (I guess most sub shops do now that I think about it) so the chance of them botching your order is low.As far as THIS location, yes, it's not located in the best part of town. I was once confronted in the parking lot by some guy riding a bike saying he could fix my car, he started touching the undercarriage and trying to say a body part needed replacement. I take great care of my car so I knew that was a scam. The food of course is great, I love their cookies, always big and fresh. As far as the employees, they are pretty friendly but being it's a sandwich shop, yes you cant count on seeing the same people there too long. My biggest gripe about this location is I have been there more than once when they are supposed to be open in the morning and they arent. Their hours posted on their door even say they should have been open. If someone calls in sick, doesnt subway have some kind of backup plan? The first time it happened I just blew it off. But it happened today and I complained on subway.com. It can be especially frustrating if you find it closed when it should be open on the last day your coupon is good for. They oughta give you a raincheck or something.
1	I live close, so instead of Burger King, I went to Subway sounded less greasy. I not only saw at least 3 homeless people who smelled like pee, but the guy who was making my "sub" had hickeys all over his neck. I get it, sometimes it happens but the hickeys where fresh...all I could think of the whole time he was making my sandwich is he had his hands up some girls coochie less then 24 hours ago, he seemed like a nice enough employee but I paid for my food and walked out, and dropped it in the trash, just like the girl that he did last night.
