4	I saw The Dark Knight for my first IMAX experience and loved it.  The screen is about three stories tall and concave so I almost felt like part of the movie.  My girlfriend and I sat about four rows back and had a decent view.  I would recommend sitting back a little farther.  In fact, without trying it first, I would think that you couldn't sit too far back, given the size of the screen.
1	I was wound up like a little girl all day waiting and waiting to go to our 8:20pm showing of Polar Express in 3D at the IMAX.  I had seen the movie when it came out and loved it.  I'm pretty much a sucker for anything Tom Hanks does.  I knew it was a great movie, but I was on pins and needles waiting to see it with my hubby.  It was his first time to see the magic of the movie or a one in 3D at an IMAX.The magic was washed away as soon as I stepped into the holding area to the theatre.  It was a dreary, depressing, uncomfortable place to wait until the theatre doors were ready.  I saw that there was popcorn, MY FAVORITE PART OF A MOVIE, but it I wasn't hit with the scent of seduction when I walked in.  To me, that means old, cold popcorn.  Grrr.After our tickets were taken, we made our way through the filthy hall to our seats.  Oh yeah- they are assigned.  What's up with that?  Luckily, there weren't many people so we sat where we wanted without a problem.  The seats were stained with God knows what, arm rests were broken, seats were broken.  It was disgusting.  I have been in multiple IMAX theaters in Florida and they have all been pristine!  Where, exactly, is my $15.00 going?The sound is amazing, the screen is awesome and 3D is incredible.  That's the only thing they've got going for them.After I left, I was thrilled with the movie but I felt like I needed to have a lice screening.
4	Went to see Under the Sea in 3D......awesome on the big screen and the 3D was fantastic. The staff were helpful and friendly only missing a star because it could use a little upgrade......this however does not effect your viewing.....and there were no annoying advertisments before the show....so refreshing! There are two other nature shows playing at the moment.....African Adventure in 3D and Dinosaurs Alive in 3D. Great for the kids too as it is only 40 minutes long.
5	Just got back from a showing of Avatar in the 3d and was blown away, not just by the movie, but by the theater it's self.   While I've been to an Imax several times in the past, I'm always amazed at the theaters.They get 5 stars just for having enough room in front of the seats so that people can walk past you to the bathroom without having to get up  and make ackward grunts as their hip briefly grinds against your hip.
4	Saw Avitar on Christmas day.  Awsome movie, visually stunning.  The theater is very nice.  They announced that they are now a part of Harkins theaters, interesting that they actually announced this, kinda nice to know.  They were sold out and people were trying to buy our tickets while my sister waited in the lobby.  I'm glad we went, comfortable seats, clean theater and awsome 3d experience.  Oh, but the glasses were too big for my face, only complaint.
4	Went here for the first time last Saturday to see Avatar in 3D.  An amazing experience, the movie was great, could not imagine seeing it at  a regular theater.The stadium seating is user-friendly, and the staff was good.  If you have not been to a IMAX theater, Avatar at this location is for you!
2	I hadn't seen an IMAX theater in quite a while, and figured Avatar in IMAX 3D was the way to go.  Not sure how old the theater is but seems in dire need of a re-vamp.  Significant lack of leg room in rows, to point where I had to stand up to let others out (which happened a lot--it's a long movie).  After a nearly three hour movie my knees were killing me.  Didn't have bad seats but felt like our angle wasn't great.  3D seemed out of focus on various parts of screen.  Glasses were uncomfortable (I had seen in a newer 3-d theater and thought the 3-D experience was MUCH better).  Can't say I'll be going back.
4	This is the ONLY real first-run film IMAX theater in Arizona. By real, I mean that it projects films in real IMAX 15/70 format -  not just in IMAX digital on a reformatted screen or mini-IMAX. The sound and picture in this theater are pristine. I saw Sucker Punch here last week and was pleasantly surprised at how its kept up well. There was some schmutz in the projector, so they stopped the previews to clean it, since seeing a 20 foot tall bit of dirt would've been grating for a 2hour film. The staff was friendly and it was a Harkins Theater, so I got the $1 soda via loyalty cup. If you see any special effects or event film in Arizona, go watch it here, it's worth the extra $.
5	I saw my first IMAX movie here and saw Sucker Punch! I will never be the same. I am a long time movie connoisseur and spend all my free time in the movies; often times watching the same flick over (if it was that good). Anyways, I have been been to a lot of theaters and its interesting to see how all these companies are luring people in with gimmicks! IMAX doesn't need any gimmicks. Just regular movie watching at its BEST! The freaking screen was HUMONGOUS with true movie surround sound!!!! IMAX only shows a select few movies, which sucks in my opinion. I want all my movie watching experience to be like this- even those sappy love movies; just put a box of Kleenex at the end of each row! With this being said, when the next action pack movie come out, like Fast Five, make it an IMAX experience!
3	I think the price and value of this theater do not align. The seats arr nothing special. The sound and view are great, but hard to pay attention when the seat is uncomforatble.
4	We got passes for the preview of Mission Impossible (Ghost Protocol).  We enjoyed the movie a lot.  The theater itself is fine.  The chairs don't move, and you can't raise the arm rests.  No rocking, no reclining (granted most theater seats don't move a lot, but these don't move at all).  Otherwise the seats were reasonably comfortable.  The screen is IMAX (i.e. huge), and the sound was reasonably good.  They could have put a little more slope into the auditorium seating.  In other IMAX theaters I've been in it seemed the heads of people in front of you NEVER block any portion of the screen.  But I found a few were just slightly into the bottom of the screen.  It wasn't bad, but given my other IMAX experiences I did notice it.
4	My dad and I went and saw Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol and it was amazing. This was actually my first time at the IMAX to see a movie and after seeing an action movie on that huge clear screen, I am thinking this is the only place I will see another action movie (with the exception of my home TV). Seeing a movie at the IMAX is a completely different experience and I feel it was worth the extra money for the better view, clearer picture and sound, and an overall cleanlier movie theater. The downsides: Only one movie is played at a time so there really aren't any choices, the food and popcorn are still expensive, the movie is expensive (15.00, I could wait and buy the fricken movie when it comes out on DVD/ Blue-ray), and student discounts are not accepted. However, for the occasional high octane action movie, this is worth the splurge.
5	Very helpful staff. Helped me drag 7 combo meals to the kids party we hosted! Thanks
4	We went w/ some friends to see the Dark Knight here recently. Dont let the blandness of the concessions lobby fool you, youre in for an "experience" (cuz they call it the IMAX experience, get it?). Its a Harkins (basically) so you can use your souvenier cups. The concession staff was very friendly. They even had our hot food made and brought over from the regular Harkins in AZ Mills cuz they didnt think theirs would be ready in time for us to catch our movie.The actual theater is very daunting. That screen is HUGE! Careful, the stairs are very steep. We had seats in about the middle of the theater. The sound quality was great. It was a great way to see a great action flick. Not sure I'd opt for Imax everytime, but for this film it was worth the extra $.
4	I've been spoiled. I hadn't seen a movie at an Imax theater for at least eight years, if not ten, and I chose to make my comeback with The Dark Knight Rises. I honestly had forgotten how grand of an experience it is with its HUGE, beautiful high resolution screen and booming audio... I kept leaning to my wife and telling her how awesome everything was. And while this place isn't perfect, it seems a little rundown or outdated and the seats aren't as comfy here as they are at most Harkins joints around town, I will easily justify the extra five dollars for the awesome experience. This will be my theater of choice for action movies from here on out, seeing them in a normal theater would just leave me wondering how much better it could be the whole time... I've been spoiled.
4	When there is a movie you have been longing to see comes out in the IMAX, take the plunge and go see it. Sure it's a bit pricey $30 for two people and a few dollars more for glasses if it's in 3D, but it's well worth it when you sit smack dab in the middle of the theater and this huge screen is towering over you forebodingly. On the plus side, I've noticed that paying more for tickets will keep out the riffraff, noting the people that talk during a movie, carry on and generally aggravate the hell out of you. Hmmm something about paying $15 pp vs. $9.50 seems to shut people up real quick. If you're like me and need an 80' tv at home to be satisfied, then the IMAX is for you.
5	Nice theater
4	Awesome theater, just be sure to get there early and sit in the middle. Didn't like being on the outer edge too much.
4	Despite the fact that this IMAX screen is in the hottest mess of a mall (seriously.  hot.  mess.), it's really not a bad place to catch a flick.  I agree with some of the other reviewers here, paying $30+ bucks just for tickets can be a bit daunting and definitely helps keep those with subpar public decency skills out.  I have a love/hate relationship with all the movies coming out and made specifically for 3D, but I can't deny that it is an awesome experience when you're facing a gigantic screen and you feel like you're a part of the movie.  The concession stand is slightly dismal and the fluorescent lights aren't helping that situation, but they offer some hot foods (pretzels, hot dogs) alongside the popcorn and candy (if that's your thing).  It is kept clean and they make an announcement before every showing to remind you to shut off your phone and respect the other patrons, which is nice.  I do wish there was another IMAX in the valley, Phoenix is a big enough city for multiple venues, but this place fits the bill.
3	The husband and I came here on a Saturday morning to see The Hobbit. We've never been to this specific IMAX theater before nor have we experienced a 3D IMAX movie. Overall, it was a good experience but this place could use some updating. Mainly the mall is atrocious and definiately needs some deep cleaning and a facelift. This extends to the Harkins and the IMAX theater as well. The seating is decent inside the theater, but other Harkins/AMCs (Desert Ridge/Tempe Marketplace) are much nicer. Overall, the movie was good and it was great seeing it in IMAX but I don't know if we'd come back since there are other IMAX options in the valley.
5	This theater is inside of a shopping mall. It is large and extremely clean. It also features a larger IMAX theater in addition to the normal viewing screens (not one of those bogus smaller IMAX theaters they seem to be putting up everywhere nowadays). Other than that you have all the usual suspects here; small arcade games, bathrooms for relieving yourself, and combinations of popcorn, soda, and candy that will leave your wallet on the lighter side.
4	This review is simply about the quality of the IMAX screen and viewing experience rather than the surrounding environment (AZ Mills Mall). This is the only true IMAX screen in Phoenix. If you see a movie here you will truly be engrossed in the film. The screen is so big that sometimes it even feels as if your stomach drops even if it is not a 3D movie. I've seen several movies here including Prometheus, Dark Knight Rises and most recently Oblivion. Any "space" based movies are especially spectacular on this screen because you really feel like you are there. The bathrooms are a little small but it has never been so busy that I had to wait a long time and they have always been reasonably clean. I will come back to IMAX because I love movies and I especially love feeling like I am part of one.
3	Bring a cushion for your back. I haven't been to this theatre in about ten years and it looks like they haven't done a single upgrade in the time I've been away. The seats are hard as a rock, the backs are so worn down that there is hardly any cushion to them and they don't recline or rock or move at all. The armrests don't come up either, so forget cuddling with the person next to you. The armrests are like a Mom chaperoning the 8th grade dance, Arms length apart at all times! No genitals touching!I totally get it, the screen is HUGE, it's the largest in the South West, or so the awkward manager with the microphone announced at the beginning of the show. I felt like I was in high school again on a field trip to the Planetarium. Ya know, when you watch the 360degree movie about space with the announcer who clearly never took a public speaking class in his life but just LOVES space?! Like that. It's definitely a great way to watch the latest 3D action flick, but my lower back and ass were pretty unhappy by the end. As was my wallet. For two adults to see the movie and eat some snacks it cost us a total of $52!
5	Reminds me of the BIG theaters in L.A. Always clean and the sound in the theater is amazing. I recommend to everyone to go and experience this IMAX than any other in AZ.
1	Sooooo, $15 for a ticket.  Okay, kinda expensive, but I get it.  It's IMAX and I wanted to see giant robots fight giant aliens on the biggest screen possible.  However, these are the worst movie seats I've sat in, including the dollar theatres.  If I pay $15, I expect to sit in something close to comfortable.  It doesn't have to be the greatest ever, but they can't be the worst ever.  We tried 5 seats before we realized this is just how they are.  Unless you are dying to see a movie in IMAX and have no concern for your butt/back then this may be the right theater for you.
1	Spent $15 per ticket to see "Catching Fire" in IMAX. Yes, the screen was huge, fine, but the quality of the film was similar to a VHS tape. It was gritty with those spots and squiggly lines that pop up every once in a while. I'm not sure whose fault this is. It could be they simply didn't release it in digital format, but then I shouldn't be charged so much to see it. Not IMAX quality. Not worth $15. They ripped us off. Not going there again if I can help it.
1	When you go to a movie you usually don't think about things like is my service going to be good or how the food will be. I mean, it's a movie theater. Best you can hope for is fresh popcorn. One thing that pisses me of more than anything is parents who being their little infants and toddlers to movies that they either have no idea what is going on or simply should not be seeing. This time we went to Xmen and several people brought their infants. Last time it was 300: Rise of an Empire and it was great to see a row of three 8-10 year olds enjoying the pretty lady's boobs bounce as she gets railed from behind. And you wonder what's wrong with America in general and kids these days? Try parenting. I personally would love to slap the shit out of these people who think that the other few hundred people in the theater paid money to listen to your kid scream. I didn't knock her up. I shouldn't have to listen to your brat just because you can't afford a sitter. Next time stay the fuck home or get snipped. People like you shouldn't breed anyway. Lord knows your gene pool is already shallow enough. And on a side note, don't you think the theaters should have some sense of social obligation when it comes to some idiot parent bringing in their 10 year old to a movie that they shouldn't see or can't understand in the first place?  They may argue and say it's then parents decision but by bringing their kids to the movie but they have already shown us they can't or aren't able to make sound parenting decisions anyway. Not to mention again, the few hundred other patrons who also paid money to enjoy a movie. Not to be irritated throughout. Please do this: Next time you have to sit through a movie with a screaming kid, complain to the manager about it and get your money back. And if you see a young child in alive they shouldn't be in, ask the manager about their policy in that and watch him or her squirm.
