4	So many options! I love coming to Goodwill because you can pretty much get an entirely new wardrobe for cheap. Half off Saturdays are my favorite as I can really stock up on some great items. Lately I have been truly blessed in finding items that still had the original tags on them  and being able to snag these items for around $4.50 each. Score!! Every Goodwill is different and I do check out a few of them, but I do enjoy coming to this one as it is a little bigger. I do wish they had more dressing rooms but all in all, you can't go wrong at Goodwill!
5	I support this Goodwill regularly. The staff here is friendly, the store is clean and you can find some nice things. I've had several good "finds" at this Goodwill including several pieces of clothing with the tags still on... It's a good sized store as well. I find shopping here on regular days is best since the 1/2 off days are a mad house, but if you really need to shop on a budget, try the 1/2 off days and do your best to relax while shopping as difficult as that may be LOL.
4	A great place to drop-off your seldom-used stuff. So many people just throw everything away when they no longer need it. If it looks halfway decent, I donate it and let Goodwill make the decision. On the flip-side, this is a great place to find things you didn't know you needed at super-cheap prices. I recently bought a full-suspension Gary Fisher mountain bike in great condition for $150! And there are tons of rarely-used kid's toys for only a few dollars each. A little bleach cleaning and your kids are stoked! Don't forget to look for charging cords here before buying a new one. There are phone and laptop chargers aplenty! Although it smells like used clothing, as you would assume, the store itself is clean and they keep it well organized. All of the employees have always been really nice, too.
4	Dropping off another donation!!  Feels to good to get the stuff out of the house!
4	We have been to this location a few times, mostly to drop off donations.  They make it really easy and convenient here since they have an up-front drop off with attendants during business hours.  They will come out and meet you at your car and help remove anything you have to donate. They also have a decent selection inside, which of course can vary based on donations from people, but on the whole you can usually find something you want here. The book section is a good place to find best sellers from a few months back that have been donated and are only a dollar or two!Overall: AEasy donation process and a good spot to search for hidden finds!
4	For being second hand, I find that many of the clothes and items can be bought at Ross or TJ Max new for the same price. Goodwill always has that strange smell in the store. I wish they knew how to get rid of that.However, I must say, they do have regular deals (these are posted on their website online) that make going here worth it. Saturdays is 50% off all items, and Thursdays is $1 for select items (Based off of the color of the tag - usually items that have not turned over). Although it can be annoying to sift through quite a bit of useless junk, many a times I have found a gem worth buying. If you like thrift store shopping in general, you'll be happy with this Goodwill.
4	Good will is hit or miss. If you look through everything you can usually find some deals. They have a 50% sale on select Saturdays that usually helps save you some more money.
