5	Very nice, clean and friendly shop on Mont-royal East. Great simple site with good, accurate portfolios. They took my call and booked me a consult right away. Sylvie le Sylvie was a total chillax pro who took all of 3 days to come up with a great design and then incorporated my feedback with no problem. They knew what my tattoo was about, were open to discussing concepts and seemed into the idea. When the appointment came, they were great - methodical and friendly without being too chit-chatty and you could tell the  artists in this small and cosy shop get along together. As pleasant an experience as this is ever likely to be.
5	Very chill and friendly shop. I went to see Sylvie on a recommendation, and after seeing her sketch, cancelled an appointment I made elsewhere to have her ink me. She took the time to listen to me, get an understanding of the concept I had in mind, and then improved on it in ways I couldn't have imagined. What now stretches from the middle of my forearm to my shoulder can only be described as a work of art. In fact, I've been stopped several times on the street and asked who inked me and where I had it done.I'm already thinking to the next piece I'd like to have Sylvie do.
5	My wife and I went in looking for a walk in and wanted a custom design, and we understand that is a lot to ask. We were kindly greeted by a gentleman who cut short a personal conversation in order to talk to us and to see what we were looking for. It turns out that they were booked for some time and that some of their artists were away at a convention so we were not able to get work done at this shop. However, based on the customer service and on the portfolios that we were shown, I would highly recommend this place.
5	This is by far my favorite tattoo shop in Montreal. I'm heavily tattooed and continue to go there on a regular base. I've developped friendships with the artists there and i can say in all honnesty they are the most talented and nice bunch here. every one of them has their own unique style and pays attention to their customers. the shop is beautiful. highly recommend
