3	The Wife and I visited this Sonic today because my wife had a coupon for buy one get one Sundaes. This sonic is very close to where we live...so when we want a sonic treat this is the one we go to. We had 2 hot fudge sundaes and my wife had a sweet tea, and i must say it was the best hot fudge sunday for under 2 bucks that i have ever had. Now that was the good...the reason i only gave it 3 stars though is because the drive up as i call it because it is not a drive-in is awful. The building was not really made for a drive-in...you have to pull up to a designated spot and wait on your order and believe me on a busy day that can be a huge problem.Sonic has decent food at decent prices...but if you want it fast then you might want to go to another sonic. This one is good for us because it is near by and we don't usually have to wait long...but it is not for everyone..so remember to Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my friends!!!!
3	I judge my ratings on places like these by the speed,  frustration factor or lack there-of, cleanliness, and competence of the employees.I usually go to Sonic for Iced Tea or Diet Coke.They get my orders right, and are always friendly.  They have a few REALLY good employees here as well, in terms of customer service!The place appears to be clean- parking lot is picked up, and I haven't noticed anything gross here  that makes me want to leave.An interesting note- a lot of people eat here AT the Sonic, at the tables.  I think this is representative of the neighborhood and a relatively young crowd.  It's a positive thing to see that people will stay to eat and visit, not just drive thru.Sometimes this location can be slow for unknown reasons- maybe the waiter on skates is cooking in the back?  If I see a line, it makes me nervous and I don't stop.
5	Happy Hour everyday from 2-4 a must do here in Phoenix, I go for the onion rings, drinks and Ice Cream treats. The burgers are ok too, but my fave Sonic meal is breakfast.
4	This place is kinda dangerous.  i usually get a hot fudge sundae with caramel and nuts and a chili cheese tator tots with ketchup, onion, and tobasco sauce.  i know, totally weird combo but it works for me.  Delish! and they are open till midnight.
3	I really want to like Sonics but the food always seems to fall short of my expectations. (and I don't expect much for fast food joints) love the numerous drink options, and the parking-ordering option, but in the end it's all about the food, and the food just isnt all that.
5	I haven't been here in a few years. It was so refreshing to order at the drive-thru and actually have the person on the other end, hear me and I could hear her very clearly! Friendly service, and the kids were satisfied with their food. I'll be going back !
5	If you've read any of my reviews, you know I like my fries well done. Sonic does a fabulous job of cooking their tots well done. They are awesome! I also like their mini banana split. Just right!
3	Tube steaks.  Yes, tube steaks!Here are some fun facts, or maybe urban legend.  Babe Ruth was reported to have once ate 12 hot dogs & 8 bottles of soda between games of a double header. He was rushed to the hospital after the game.  What a surprise, right?  Al Capone's favorite food was???  Anyone?  Bueller?   Nathan's Coney Island!  What no Vienna Beef?  Today, Chicago's O'Hare sells more than 2 million hot dogs a year.  Now I am sure these dogs are Vienna Beef!I bring this up, because about a year ago SONIC decided to broaden their hot dog menu, with four new dogs: All American, Coney Island, Chicago and New York.  This year they've added a 1/4 pound Footlong to their lineup of Tube Steaks.  http://www.sonicdrivein.com/MenuSection/coneys-hot-dogsAdmitted, I haven't been an SONIC aficionado up until now.  But, a "shout out" to my friend Jennifer W and her family, who must be considered the unofficial Queen of SONIC!  How do you stay so thin?I was willing to give their new menu items a try.  First the bad news, these aren't Nathan's Famous, Hebrew National, or Vienna Beef.  They aren't even Oscar Mayer!  But, for $3.99 for a 1/4 pound footlong hot dog and Tater Tots, they're not bad.  And, a lot better than Der Wienerschnitzel!BTW, the  World Record for hot dog eating is 68 set by Joey Chestnut at Nathan's Famous in Coney Island.  It was reputed that former Champ, Takeru Kobayashi ate 69 at a nearby location.  Ugh!~
4	Great burgers really fast brought to your car by rollerskating servers. The food is good for the price and the specials change often enough to keep things different.My only complaint is the loud music. The songs vary, which is fine, but the volume is cranked way up and the quality is horrible. And there are no spots outside of the speaker's range. So you either listen to that or roll up your windows and turn your own music up. I wish at least one part of this Sonic didn't have music -- I'm in my own car, I think I can cover the music for myself!
4	the ice cream desserts were so refreshing on a scorching day in Phoenix!
4	Living in the desert at +100 degrees the Grape Slushes are great but beware of the brain freeze.One of my favorites is the foot long coney hot dog with chili, onions and mustard. So good for a quick bite. Quick service and fun employees that make a good overall experience
2	I went to a late lunch here today.  Great food and great carhops!  A reasonable value and quick service.  Unfortunately, it all comes with a large helping of rudeness from the person taking the orders.  You never see the person who takes your order which is a major weakness in their system.   Today that anonymity was taken advantage of by someone who decided to be abrasive and condenscending  So if you are really hungry and want a side order of crappy attitude and abuse with your lunch, this is the place for you. Personally, I'm going to give it some time because no business can succeed with an employee acting like this.
1	Visited this Sonic fast food estsblishment last night as the little one wanted a corn dog. Drove through and ordered some selections to take home. Little one took the corn dog out and exclaimed how small it was. In fact he said I hope there is two!  (They were half the size of any corn dog we ever saw!) Little one then started pealing the breading off the corn dog (which he likes to eat last) revealing a very blackened skinney little Weiner about the size of my pointing finger. Cant believe they would serve this burnt shriveled half sized  wenie to anyone. Sonic should be deeply ashamed. I also had some popcorn chicken that was overbreaded and tasteless. Ugh.! If for some reason you like sonic, it must not be for anything we  ordered. My first and last visit for sure.
5	Fist of all you all make me sick. How can you talk smack on sonic when they are dope as hell. They are the only fast food corporation that serves the cutting edge new meat product 'bully sticks'.
1	Terrible service! The wait is endless and my order is never correct. This isn't the first time! Terrible service!
1	How do you mess up a Reese's blast? Well.. Just put ice cream in a cup.. But only half way up the cup.. Spit of whipped cream and dump candy on top...Oh and wait 7mins at the drive thru for it. When there is only two other customers there... Really? COME ON SONIC!!If this location wasn't so close to home I wouldn't have dealt with this for so long.. No more from this sonic :(
2	Drinks are good- Food it gross except tots. I never go there to eat just get drinks...
