5	Sharx was always a must-see for my friends when they visited me in Montreal, and now it's on my list for the times when I myself come back. And it's not just because of the cute waitresses in little black skirts, or the 2 for 1 happy hour. Though those help.Sharx is primarily a pool hall, with at least fifty tables and plenty of room to spread out, though they also have a lounge and game area, and even bowling. It's essentially a huge, dark, concrete basement, but with a cool club vibe that keeps it from feeling dingy.The food isn't half bad, either. I was there bowling on a Friday afternoon at the same time as somebody's office party, and they shared all the finger food with us--one time there was such a thing as a free lunch.
2	It's a pool hall and nothing more, just a very large one with music that doesn't destroy your ear drums with sexy service. The drinks are well prepared but have no real zing and if you order food... it's at your own peril. The food, if I can call it such a thing, is your typical bar food, nachos, quesadillas and wings. As with most bar food, you need to be properly alcoholised in order to mildly enjoy it. It's drunk food, drunk enough to consume anything. The pool tables are well maintained, so are the sticks (from what I saw). The place is group-ready but not my cup of tea. It was perfect for our last minute happy hour party but it's a dive and I say dive with its negative connotation.
2	The place is in the basement of the Faubourg, which in itself is a terrible building.  It becomes a concrete bunker with extremely dim lighting.  I guess if you want to play pool or go bowling then you can come here since they have many billiard tables.  They have a two for one deal on drinks, which is ok if you want to get drunk.  As for the atmosphere its either been really busy or empty.  The decor also could use some updating, unless that's the style they want.The food is your typical bar food....its edible.I try and avoid coming here, but sometimes I can't get out of it because of others.
3	Imagine you're back in high school and you win the lottery....and you turn your basement into a pool hall & bowling alley....this is kind of what Sharx reminds me of. That being said....its very dark....musty and the service can be a little slow although not to a fault....but....I have been here three times....I always have a good time here. Its a pool hall & bowling alley.....it's not the Ritz....so don't expect the Ritz and you won't be as dissappointed.
5	Best Pool Hall in Montreal.I've been to a few others reachable by public transportation while I lived in Montreal and this one was the best. I probably played here at least 50 times when I lived here and special daytime rates helped keep some money in my pocket for food.I'm basing my rating and review on the condition of the pool tables, pool cues, balls, and abundance of chalk. Other people I've played with here may wish to include other aspects that are well deserving of a good review too.
1	The worst part of my trip to Montreal is when i made the the mistake of coming to Sharx Pool Hall. I am an avid bowler and pool player and can honestly say I will not be coming back. Service: Once I arrived the hostess was talking to two employees and had to finish her conversation for several minutes before assisting or even acknowledging me. This started off on the wrong foot but she was nice so I let it go. The server however was the source of the terrible experience. After playing a couple of games and waiting for the server (hostess said she would be over soon to take our food order) I went back to the hostess and asked her if we had a waitress to her reply "Yes, this is she" the girl she had been talking to for the last 15 minutes. Finally when she came over she was short and rude. She took our order and did not come back to check on us till she brought us our food and drink 30 minutes later! I order the combo 1 which is simply fried finger food so I felt this is unacceptable seeing that it was not busy at all.Atmosphere: VERY DARK. For some reason they have the idea that only the pool tables being used will be lit. All other lights are off including any other lights in the pool room. Our table lamp was the only source of light we had and just did not make for a fun atmosphere to play pool. Finally, we asked to speak to the manager but the reply we got was "He is busy".We really liked the concept and idea of an "upscale" pool hall but the service would need to be on par and tonight it just was not! I really hope they make the necessary changes because I dont think any place should condone service like that.
2	ok-ish pool hall. it was an awesome place back in the days which was a long time ago for me (think 10 years ago).great place to bring a date and get some pool game going or some bowling. which girl doesn't like bowling? that was back in the days.fast forward to today, i still go when the bff wants to play some pool downtown and hit the clubs afterwards. its full of students just like i remember. usually, the time we go, there isn't much people or they all leave by midnight so it gets quite empty so service is faster than usual.there's better place to hang out as adults but if you want some younger crowd, hey, go you
3	This place is cool, it serves a purpose. You can have some beers while bowling or playing a bit of pool. Naturally it's student heavy etc. The only thing that bothered me a little was that it leans a bit too hard into the club atmosphere/gangster rap/hot babes at the bar territory in terms of aesthetics/music etc. Music is blasting loud. I'd prefer something a little more low key. But it serves a downtown purpose, and if I ever wanted to have a couple of Budweisers and play games, I'd return here.
1	Creepiest bouncer/ security guard ever.  It was a quiet night when we saw the bouncer CHASE out a few loud guys. After that, he gave my boyfriend the weirdest looks and even followed him to the bathroom. We ordered a pitcher but it was warm and foamy. Hard to get service even on a quiet night. There was a man in a suit sitting at the bar and was waiting to buy a beer but was denied because the bartender said she punched out...it was a quarter past two. Bars close at 3 in Quebec. Sofa chairs are ripped and the bar table is sticky and outdated. Bar stools are all different heights. I would not go back.
3	A fun time for a young couple looking for an entertaining date night spot downtown. They have several bars, pool tables, video golf, and bowling. It is pretty cool that the venue itself is actually underground. We went on a busy Friday night so there was a wait for the bowling lanes and pool tables, we opted for bowling and had a couple of moderately priced cocktails while we waited. The bowling shoes are kind of old and worn out, but the lanes are okay and our wait time was relatively short. There were several empty glasses left on the table adjacent to our lane and we never saw any sign of a busser or server to come clean them up. We played two games and we had to get our own drinks from the bar area. The bar near the bowling lanes did not have a very good selection of liquors so I just went with generic whiskey sours and those tasted a little on the weak side.The atmosphere is kind of dark and industrial, and the music is pretty loud. The dress code is mostly casual and It definitely has a night club type atmosphere, however there's no definative place for any kind of dancing. The crowd was mixed, some sketchy looking characters were present but everyone seemed fine for the most part.Overall we had a fun time bowling and hanging out here, we'd definitely go again.
