5	During our last adventure to Las Vegas, I found myself in need of a little extra cash to pad my account until payday. No, I didn't lose all my money in gambling. In fact, I hadn't even gambled at all until after I visited Dollar Loan Center (and I ended up breaking even).The staff at the W Flamingo Rd location were nothing short of amazing. They helped me through the process, gave me access to a computer to print out pay stubs and whatnot. Rebecca truly went above and beyond what I would consider normal customer service to help me out and I am very very appreciative. They offered signature loans that go up to $2000 and flexible repayment options. If I ever find myself in a similar situation, I will be returning to Dollar Loan Center.
1	Beware -  this loan center will say you get a loan just to get all your personal information then deny you and will sell or report all your info to local collection agencies that will pick up your old debts and repost them as current debts on your credit report and hound you.   DONT give out your info to this loan center!!
1	I have been a customer with dollar loan center for over a year. Normally I would recommend them to anyone who might be short on cash, because they are usually pretty good and I trust them. But this time I borrowed money for my dad because I received a mailer that says "2 weeks free interest" do I go down to the office and I show them the mailer and ask if I am able to use it. The girl helping me says "yes, just bring it in when you come in 2 weeks to make your payment and the interest will be waived." Im like great! Let's do this! I asked her 2 more times to make sure she just says yes of course. Well 2 weeks later I go in with my mailer and they're trying to charge me 2 weeks interest saying that the mailer is only for new customers!! Of course I get upset because it's like a bait and switch. I tell her that the employee told me that I absolutely could use this mailer and KNEW I was not a new customer. So she instead offers me one free week which I accept because I know you can't win arguments like this against a company like this. I was just hoping that my business and satisfaction was worth more than 40$ dollars of interest to them. But I guess not. Once I pay this off I will never loan with them or recommend them again which will cost them more than that $40, believe me. Train your staff better I should not have to pay for their mistakes! The company should be accountable for what their employees say or do!
