5	Pete's = WOW!Take $10 and buy all the shrimp and hot sauce you can -- thats all you need to know...This is mostly a drive through joint, so take it on home, chow down, and thank me later...
5	I've been going to Pete's with my family on AZ roadtrips for as long as I can remember, so I know these well:The rules:No  debit or credit cardsNo checksNo 50s or 100sNo separate ordersNo ketchup--don't even ask.No SundaysNo feeding the pigeonsClean up after yourself, your mother does not work here.So bossy, so cheap, so mouth-wateringly delicious. Forget about your precious ketchup, Pete's Special Sauce knocks my socks off. Careful with parking, it can be cutthroat--especially on Fridays.
5	Fish and Chips in the dessert - this cheezy place is incredible.  Sign me up!  $8.00 and I close my eyes and I am in Northern Scotland at Banchory Lodge. My first trip here I sit with an Arizona Senator and his family. NO CREDIT CARDS - all outdoor seating and barrios neighbors but still, well done.
2	I have heard about Pete's and had always wanted to try it.I happened to be waiting across the street for a bus, so I decided today was the day.I should have caught the bus.It wasn't BAD food, but it was a long way from what I'd imagined.The fish isn't even something unique; it's frozen patties, deep fried and served. The chips (french fries) are also frozen. Blech!They provide some ketchup-based sauce (ostensibly) for dipping. I asked for tartar sauce and was told it was $0.35 for 2 oz or $0.70 for 4 oz. (What a bargain)I declined.The fish and fries were not the worst thing I've ever eaten, but for $5 bucks I would like more than frozen fish patties and frozen fries thrown into hot fat and chunked on a plate.I won't be paying Pete a return visit anytime in the near future.As an aside; this particular location (I can't speak for other locations) has outdoor seating. Only. Today was a nice day and sitting outside was nice.But there are no restrooms available.Save your money for better quality food elsewhere.
4	This is kind of a quirky place (outside dining only, cash only, no restrooms) but it's worth it for the sauce and the food (and for me to say a place with no restrooms is worth it is saying something). This reminds me that I haven't been there in awhile. There's a reason I have a "I'm Addicted to Pete's Fish & Chips" bumper sticker on my truck.
2	Huh. Maybe I've been spoiled living by the ocean most of my life, but this is average fish & chips at best. I came here with a small group of people and decided to try a little of everything.All I'm gonna say is this: frozen stuff you can buy at the store and make with less grease than what you get here.  I should have known better than to expect good fish & chips or even real crab.  But undercooked scallops and twice as much breading as there were shrimp, I was truely disappointed.  The fries were soggy and all in all, I could just feel my arteries clogging eating this.  I did give it an extra star because the staff was friendly, but I will never eat here again.
2	It's cash only. Outside only. No bathroom. I just moved here from Minnesota and one of the places that popped up on my radar was this Pete's Fish and Chips in Mesa. When my mom came to visit, we spent a day checking out the sculptures and going to the Natural History Museum, then we took my daughter to Pete's. It is popular. The place was busy. There were cute signs around saying things like "Clean up after yourself, your mother does not work here." My mom ordered the scallops, only to be told they'd been out of them for over a month and were looking for some more. Huh? How does one "look" for scallops for over a month?  I ordered the two-piece fish and chips. I have to say I was disappointed. I liked eating outside, I liked the orders being called out, I liked picking up the baskets but the actual food was not great. I was genuinely shocked that the fish were frozen square patties - crisply deep fried but frozen patties. The special sauce was unexciting - some kind of red cocktail sauce - no tartar sauce, no malt vinegar, no ketchup, no nothing. I was just very surprised. I had really wanted this to be a great place. It's got great atmosphere and is a fun hang out spot, but why can't the food be good? My daughter ate some fries and a mediocre rice krispy bar. She had fun sitting on the kiddie play things - I think there was a car or something. Bummer. I had really wanted to bond with the place, put their bumper sticker on my car and become a "regular." That's not going to happen. I think Pete's is a champion at marketing. Their bumper stickers are free and their atmosphere is just like the atmosphere at those stands with really good food - like Pinks or the fish and chips place on Catalina or....anywhere. It has everything going for it:  "charming, divey, locally popular place" that people love - except the food is just so poor - very hot and fried, but just frozen and sad. Amazing.
2	ok, 2 stars b/c it's cheap. I honestly wish I had read all the other reviews first, and then I wouldn't have pulled in, thinking it was fate that I saw it at lunchtime. Got a fair sampling of everything to take home for me and the hubby to the tune of $18 or so. Ok, maybe not so cheap. Ate it for lunch, have a lot left over but honestly don't want to look at it again. Starting with the crabettes - I was not sure of the size, and optimistic that they would be small pieces with real crab. I should have asked but didn't want to identify myself as a first-timer. Or an idiot. Take your pick. I should have - my bad - those things are totally nasty. Especially when you start thinking about all the chemicals you're ingesting after the first two bites.Fish - in line with other reviews, I thought this would be solid pieces of fish in beer batter. Not cafeteria quality square patties with crumbly breading. Everything tasted really artificial. No tartar sauce available as far as I could ascertain. The "sauce" they give appears to be just ketchup so why not just call it that? French fries - as limp and unappetizing as I've ever seen. And I have a mountain of them left. I'll say this, they don't skimp on these. Look, this is the deal, if you're hankering for fish and chips, imo the best (disclaimer - still new here so there may be a better cheaper alternative I don't know about) is Shakespeare's on Val  Vista. Yes, it's more expensive but better to pay more for good food than waste it on bad. $13 to $15 for one person, but the plate is huge - enough for both of us. Less than I paid at Pete's. They also have an all-you-can-eat on Fridays too.However, I did have an entertaining time waiting the 20 or so minutes in line. Quite a variety of people seem to love it here. The mix, which probably wouldn't be seen together in any other place, was made especially amusing by the 4 young Jehovah's Witnesses in suits and matching blue ties. End of visit. No more. At least hubby ate all the cole slaw. And seems fine.
1	Me and my kids were fans of the late, great, Sullivan's Pier on Gilbert and Main and had heard how popular Pete's Fish & Chips was from the natives. We decided to try it and soon wished we hadn't. Cash only. Tartar Sauce costs extra and no ketchup at all. No bathroom, which is sorely needed because my stomach started cramping soon after trying the food.The fish is square with nasty breading and the shrimp haven't been cleaned properly and are breaded with an unseasoned cracker crust of some sort. The food comes with a runny red cocktail sauce and the fries are just completely unappetizing.If you ever think about trying Pete's Fish and Chips, don't. Try Long John Silver's, Gorden's fish sticks from the grocery store, or a McDonald's Filet of Fish, all of which taste better than the  slop served at Pete's Fish & Chips.
1	It is cheap.   But I got what I paid for.I was having a flashback craving for Sullivans and tried here as a back up.   Not good.  The fish squares were very fishy tasting even doused with their pink sauce.   Silly me asked if they had malt vinegar - no luck
3	Every once in a while Pete's can kind of hit the spot... but I'm not quite as crazy about it as some locals seems to be. The fish and chips are good and cheap; and their special sauce is pretty damn tasty... but I usually leave feeling a little fishy and greased out. The fish is perfectly square, and I can't help but wonder why they do it that way... because it really gives off a 'store bought' vibe. Compare this to somewhere like Fulton Fish Fry in Vegas which has fresh pieces of fish that each kind of form their own twisted and unique shape... it just feels more authentic that way. This just feel like a fish patty that could have been taken out of a McDonalds Filet-O-Fish and thrown in the greaser.So what I gotta say about Pete's is this: only go if you're craving some no-frills fish and chips; and if you have such a craving you'll probably leave happy... if however you are looking for something to make your taste buds shiver with excitement, then look elsewhere. Oh yeah... one last thing... their whole sense of entitlement really gets on my nerves sometimes. Having kooky rules at a restaurant is fun, but it only works if that restaurant is serving up magnificent food. Here you are getting average food and they try to make you feel like they are the Gods of Fish and you must bow down and obey their every command if you want to get served (like their whole "no ketchup-don't even ask" thing). You better be careful Pete's or you may find people are gonna find somewhere else with better food, that doesn't hassle you if you ask for ketchup. Meh.
3	They know how to fry up a square of cod and a price of shrimp. The sauce is a spicy catchup ( mixed with El Pato hot sauce). Yeah, the seating is only outdoors and the place is filthy and smelly. Despite the rude signs, the staff is mostly helpful and efficient. You wan t to take out, here. Pete's is a Mesa institution, if you've never been, you need to try it.
1	Disgusting is the only word I can think of for this food.  Perfectly square orange colored deep fried fish that makes McDonalds fish filets seems like a gourmet meal!  The only thing resembling shrimp was the fact that they formed the fried "shrimp" into the proper shape.  After taking one bite of fish and one of shrimp I thought at least I have the french fries to eat.  They were nasty too!  I wasn't expecting anything fancy by any means, I came her because I wanted greasy fried fish and shrimp and the only part of that I got was grease.  I just don't understand the love for this place.
2	I have one rule, and only one rule, when it comes to fish and chips: the thing you are eating should, in some way, resemble what you would expect to pull off of an actual fish.  Now imagine you are making your own fish and chips, and you are pulling off chunks of fish meat, which you will then batter and fry.  Geometrically speaking, what would you expect of these chunks?  Squares?Probably not.  Either Pete has discovered a species of fish whose meat comes off in nice rectangular pieces, or it is made of heavily processed who-knows-what.For the record, I suspect the latter.Physical characteristics aside, Pete's does not have great fish and chips.  Perhaps I'm spoiled, but the fish I'm used to typically has a nice, light, flaky battering, rather than the dense, crunchy monstrosity covering Pete's fish tablets.Add in less than average fries, and a refusal to allow you to at least put some tartar sauce on your processed fish, and you have an establishment whose continued existence is confounding, to say the least.
4	The shrimp are great, but the best part is definitely the Pete's sauce.  I don't particularly like fried fish so I've never had any.It's been mentioned numerous times, but the  seating really leaves a lot to be desired - drive thru is the way to go!The only problem I have is leaving my refillable soda cup at home :(
5	This place has their food frozen and they deep fry it but it is delicious. I usually get a combo because it gives a variety of different stuff and the combo's are very filling, they give fries with them, too. The food comes with some sauce but any additional tartar or cocktail sauce will cost extra.
4	Honestly the quality of food is about a 3 star but because I support the mom and pop shops and used to go here almost every day during my breaks from the nearby community college it deserves a 4. I've met the owners a couple times and the atmosphere in the afternoon is pretty quiet sometimes which is very nice when you're trying to just have a nice break. There was nothing that I didn't like here and the pricing is good as well, its just you can tell the food was once frozen.
2	I used to love this place but recent changes to the menu have turned me away.
5	I finally made it in here when the line wasnt long. I ordered the Super seafood Combo. I had to wait a little bit, but i could tell it was being made fresh. And they didnt moan or whine about me asking for extra sauce. When i finally got my NOMS NOMS my car immediately smelled like FRESH fish and shrimp. The fish was great and didnt come with to much breading. The shrimp were nicely sized. Even the fries had a certain mystique about them that was absolutely delicious, and the sauce made everything taste that much better. And a slice of lemon in the bag always is a good sign. The employees are friendly as ever too. I love that they are open late. BUT REMEMBER CASH ONLY. Debit and credit card fees cant be that expensive but hey this place is still the same as it has been. Happy EATING.
1	First let me start by saying I LOVE seafood!  So for the first day of Lent last week I thought we could try out a local "fish fry". We searched on Yelp and discovered Pete's.  Yes I know, you don't go to Pete's Fish and Chips thinking you are getting gourmet. However, this was way below par for the fried variety. I was actually ill for at least 24 hours after eating here last Friday night. No bueno.The fish tasted like the frozen patties you can get at the grocery store  and the fries were soggy and tasted only of oil.If I hadn't gotten ill I would have given them two stars, but after that experience I would warn everyone away!
1	I can't even bring myself to star this place but since I have to, it gets a begrudging 1! Sure, the prices were reasonable but I feel sick after eating there.I asked the cashier if the fish was battered and she gave me a blank, mouth half opened stare, before she said: "uh huh."The fish was breaded not battered. Strike one.  The battered is so prickly it cuts the roof of your mouth. Strike two.  Biting into the brick o' fish was just biting into a brick of breading.  It didn't even taste like fish!  Strike three.I will never go here again.  Please do yourself a favor and save yourself the stomach ache I had to endure getting this review to you.
5	Mesa icon, fantastic fried food, great value, fast service. The sauce is the best - don't forget to order extra. Love the fish squares and tasty fries. Their monster burger is delicious. Pete's is to Mesa as Dick's Drive In is to Seattle, but I like Pete's better (both take cash only too).
3	My husband got the shrimp and I got the crabettes:Fried Shrimp - delicious! Great breading and fried to perfection.Fried Crabettes - STAY AWAY! I actually really like imitation crab (I know, weird)...so when I ordered it I was expecting it to be imitation crab. But it just didn't taste right. The first bite was maybe okay, but I really didn't like it much after that. I will stick to keeping my imitation crab in crab louie salads and California rolls :PThe fries that came with both of our entrees were decent. Nothing special, just good fries.I'll have to get the shrimp next time, or try the fried fish. I should have just went with the fish, but I'm a sucker whenever I see crab on a menu.
5	Oh Pete's!! My absolute favorite is  the messy fish sandwich, but the burgers are really good as well. Fries & onion rings are a must (especially with the spicy Pete's sauce) and I don't know what is, but they have the best diet pepsi!
5	Nothing ever comes close to this place! Best fish and shrimp! I grew up on petes and the special sauce is AMAZING! Even there burgers are delish!!!
5	Oh Pete's how I love thee!!!!
3	I've been around that part of town quite a few times over the years, and I've always seen people and cars lined up at this place.  So recently I decided to check it out because I'm trying to find a good fast-foody seafood restaurant other than Long Johns.It doesn't bother me at all eating outside, because for some odd reason, I liked the birds walking around.  (Good thing they weren't flying around the food).  When I have seen the menu, the prices weren't actually very high.  I was quite excited when I seen the prices.I got the super seafood combo, well because it has fish, and shrimp...  It didn't take too long for the food to come out, so when it finally came out... time to dig in.It was a decent amount of food, enough to fill me up just right without being miserable.  Well anyways, the taste of the fish kind of reminded me of the frozen boxed fish you can get at the grocery stores, except it was fried to a good crisp.  The shrimp was ok, I've had worse, but for a place that is always so busy like Pete's, you would expect better. The sauce they gave, I don't see the hype about it.  It was just about as bland as the rest of the food.  Honestly, the fries had more flavor than the main dish.
3	No credit cards, no bills over $20, no ketchup (Pete's sauce only), no onion rings or chicken tenders Friday (too popular), no phone orders, no separate orders, no Sundays. But a fried, guilty pleasure. Sometimes that messy fish sandwich with cheese hits the spot; french fries and fried shrimp are especially good.
4	If you have the ordering/cash only/pickup window system of Pete's down, you're all set. My go-to for Fish and Chips since the 80s -- red sauce is good, but I recently tried their tartar sauce. Pretty spectacular! Also, they're brewing up another local favorite -- China Mist iced tea.
2	i've eaten at Pete's for 30 years...can beat their 'Pete's' sauce, it's awesome, and without the sauce the food isn't that great. the quality has gone up and down thru the years. i'm not sure why, i guess maybe management? same with the service. they have pretty much owned the corner of Mesa Dr and Main St, so i think they take for granted that people will go there no matter how rude the staff is and how bad the food is. Ok, it's not AWFUL, but it's not really seafood, it only vaguely resembles it.so here are reasons to find another place to eat:1. they only take cash. what? really? i've eaten food from FOOD TRUCKS that accept credit cards...2. they don't accept bills over a twenty...what if 4 people have an order of say $40? nope! better have your twenty dollah bills y'all3. they only have outdoor seating. even when it's 115 degrees outside, or raining.4. there are no restrooms. what restaurant doesn't have restrooms? guess you better not eat there if you have the little ones with you...5. they EXPECT you to clean up after yourself. and they have it POSTED! (your mother doesn't work here) for this reason, i usually leave my plates, cups and napkins on the table when i leave. i know that may be rude, but how else can you ensure that those tables are being cleaned like they are supposed to be??6. lastly they are not open on Sundays. most places these days are open 7 days a week. i respect that they do not open on Sundays, it's family values and all...but that just gives the general public the chance to find a place to eat that is actually worth their time and money.my summation: i only go to Pete's when i'm in a hurry, am driving thru the area, have cash in my pocket, and there isn't any other alternative. which is very, very seldom...
5	I love this place! The only drawback is it's cash only. So worth it though!
5	I love Pete's. Their food is good at a reasonable price. Fast service, and friendly people. The only bad thing is it is cash only, but the food and service is FAR beyond that complaint!
2	Rolled up to the drive through with a $50 and was respectfully declined (and this was on a $27 dollar tab)......So I respectfully split and drove away. Get with the times people....debit / credit cards are used by most these. However, I can not judge the food. I'll return someday, but not going out of my way to do so.
4	Pete's is the place you want to go if you're short on time and money because it's reasonably priced fish. Don't even think about dining in here. The convenience is in using the drive-thru and I love seeing their mural. I have always wondered - do their murals ever get ruined by graffiti or do the gangsters just respect Pete? Cash only. Which I think is a good thing because drive-thru is super fast. The food is always hot and fresh. Everything is breaded and if you say "no salt", they've always gotten it right. You can get scallops for like $4. It's a deal, Pete!
5	Where do I start?  This place is my favorite.  Sucks that it's Cash only however not having to pay credit card fees is probably why we're able to eat cheap fried foods.  This place is nice and friendly. My kids love eating here.  Cannot pass it up :)
1	Customer service is terrible! I absolutely love their food but their service is unbelievable; they served us at about 10 minutes before they closed in paper plates (nothing that is able to be taken to go) and had the nerve to ask us to leave so they can SPRAY the table. REAAAAALLY! Like there is nothing else to do RIGHT when they close. May I mind you this place is outside. After we respond "can you give us five minutes to eat" he say "well we're kinda closing"
1	Disgusting!  Frozen deep fried trash. This place may be old and a community staple, but the foods is not good. At all.
1	My friend's daughter asked if there are any fast food places that are only in Arizona?  They  mentioned a few and I told them we have those in Texas too.  Pete's Fish and Chips was mentioned as an original.  We happened to drive by one on the way back to the house.  Today I decided to walk the few intersections down to Pete's.  It all was downhill from there.  There was a line so I had plenty of time to review the menu.  The main thing I wanted to try was the fish, only one piece came in the #1 combo along with shrimp, fries, and a drink and one sauce.  At this point I'm curious about what the sauce is and notice the sign offers a tart and pink sauce as well.  I opted for the #2 Seafood combo since it included two fish and three sauces.  The guy at the counter was abrupt with the order.  He was peering out from a dark screen and could barely hear him to notice he was talking to me.  I asked for a bottled water as the drink - he asked if I wanted just a plain cup of water (bottled water was priced less than the 32 oz drink on the menu so I thought I could at least get that).  I just agreed and moved on.  No asking what kind of sauce or offering anything else.  The food was ready relatively quickly, I barely got my hand out of the window as I reached for salt and pepper before it was slammed shut again.  When I sat down and opened up the deli paper covered platter I was a bit taken aback.  Two squares of obviously frozen fish product and nine prepared frozen shrimp.  This looked like something from a food service supplier - except I've used Sysco's fried shrimp and they are infinitely better.  The "sauce" turned out to be watered down ketchup with perhaps a splash of white vinegar.  The fish and shrimp had no real flavor and way to much breading.  Not awful, but the Ultimate Fish Sticks from Costco heated in my toaster oven far surpassed this supposedly famous fish.  The fries were ok, and perhaps the only thing that seemed homemade.  I managed to eat most of all the platter before I ran out of sauce.  I wished I had tartar sauce and cocktail sauce AND that I had gone to Long John Silver's instead.  LJS blows Pete's out of the water.  I had to stop by McDonald's on the way back to get an apple pie to get the taste of Pete's out of my mouth.  Overall, I give Pete's a "D" for disgusting.
1	Bad food. Good prices. Not worth it at all, and it was very crowded when I went. There were a ton of people all dressed up and it was chaotic. There was literally hundreds of kids there. (Maybe there was an event at the Temple?). Also, bad service.
3	The employees are definitely nicer than the Pete's in South Phoenix but I would rather deal with the mean and tatted up old lady in South Phoenix than getting under breaded and under cooked onion rings. The burrito was excellent and they give you more sauce than usual in this location though.
1	Quite simply the worst fish and chips I have ever had the displeasure of eating. Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register. It's like they combed the state of Arizona and recruited only the worst of the worst. I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?! I guess if McDonald's can do it with fish filets, anyone can do it. I utterly hate McDonald's and i would choose easing a fish filet from there, then eating this crap every again. Boo to you I say. BOO TO YOU
1	Extremely rude coworkers!! Prices are overly too much! They don't accept cash AND you have to buy tartar sauce too ? Are you kiddn me? Never AGAIN coming back!!
1	This is actually a nice location with lots of parking and plenty of outdoor seating. However,  the food was terrible. We had fish, shrimp, fries and onion rings. First of all, you can't upgrade your fries to onion rings, which is ridiculous, even for an upcharge. But the worst part was that everything tasted the same. Shrimp were dry. Fish was flavorless. Fries were overcooked. The onion rings did have a different batter, a bit sweet, and got their only taste from the salt sprinkled on them. The fish was just a square, like you'd get from your grocer's freezer, so I''m not sure what we're paying for. Even their sauce was like a sweeter ketchup. The rice krispy treat was a great consistency but tasted like coconut.  Overall, a huge waste of $20.
1	For the life of me I cannot understand why people like this place!! Stopped by the drive thru for some lunch today and first thing I noticed was the big CASH ONLY sign on the wall. Seriously, what functioning business doesn't accept cards these days. Get with the times guys. Not to mention they will not accept a bill over $20 (tried to pay with a fifty on a $32 order and was told NO).Now for the food... gross! I have had better fish and chips in an elementary school cafeteria. The fish was overly breaded and over cooked. The fries were soggy and tasteless. Then, their so called "special sauce" is just watered down ketchup. Nothing very "special" about it at all!Needless to say, I will not be returning here again. Long John Silvers has better food and better prices.Oh and service with a smile or at least some kind of emotion would help.
3	I gave it a three because of the inconvenience of always having to carry cash when I go here, as they don't accept cards nor $50/$100 bills. Also the cod fish is flavorless... The French fries are ok, as is the shrimp. But the number one reason why I gave this place 3 stars is because they don't have catfish!  Excuse me for being high maintenance but I'm from Southern California where the staple fish of fish joints is catfish!
5	We love Pete's! Try the onion rings with tarter sauce. Nomnomnom. Great service as well. Thanks guys!
5	Chickens pretty good, fries are good, that sauce, is amazing.
1	Disgusting.No offense, but I'm really confused to why I was recommended to this place. It was a dump, the staff was extremely rude and did not answer any of my questions. Being new to the area, all I told them was that I had never been there before, they ignored it and took my order. Once I received my food (which literally came 2 seconds later, clearly frozen or old) the staff was NOWHERE to be found. I wanted to ask for napkins and some sauce/ketchup, but no, they were too busy to answer me.I am not a picky customer, but I thought that was extremely rude. On top of that, after I ate here, I got really sick. Not just sick to my stomach, but sick for quite a few days. I will NEVER return to Pete's Fish & Chips, especially in Mesa.
2	"Eh" would be the one word I'd choose to describe it. One immediate downside is that the place is cash only. As someone who almost never carries cash, it took me months before I was able to try this place.Seating is outdoors with a view of the light rail construction.  Eating there and not to-go was a bit of a bummer because there were tons of flies zipping around us and our food. My partner tried the fish and chips. The fish, he said, tasted like average fish sticks that you'd buy from a grocery store. I tried the fries; they were pretty underwhelming, but eatable. I ordered the burger. It wasn't very flavorful, but it did its job to make me full. I've eaten better burgers elsewhere that were cheaper, though. Would I eat here again? Ehhhhhh.
5	This place is a valley institution. Bring cash. Don't feed the pigeons. Outdoor seating but misters help cool in the summer. Their fish is an acquired taste so I understand some of the negative reviews. My wife hates it so I eat here by myself. (She is not a local anyway).  I recommend the 4 piece fish and chips with an extra 2 oz special sauce. I have been eating here since I was a kid and hope to be eating here well into my retirement.
1	I heard about Pete's fish and chips before sounded good. boy was I wrong! The fish look like a deck of cards and taste like it too. No taste no flavor just tasted like breading. Same as with the shrimp  There is no shrimp taste at all . Spent $14 for two. Why they don't take credit cards as I'd canceled it. If you like the tastes of breading. and reconstipated fish. never again!
5	Love love love this place! I've been going here since I was a child and nothing has changed since then.  It is a particular taste and you will have cravings for the magnificence that is Pete's Sauce.  The Rice Krispy is the best you'll ever have, perfectly melty and tasty!  Don't forget to get Onion Rings if it isn't Friday, you won't regret it!! Also Don't Forget to Bring Cash!!!
5	Great family owned business. Great food. Love this place. They are cash only and honestly I LOVE that too.
4	Too quick service. It gives the impression (and it should be right) that you have 1h 30' to eat and that after your table is for another person. The waiter took out the plate and the glass before I had really finish. Chairs were disposed as for a concert to see the scene. I moved a little bit to be in front of my partner (we were celebrating a special event) and the waiter reproached me.Plates' flavours: either too strong (lam) or too light .
