5	I'm bias when it comes to Kate Spade. I just loooooooove her handbags. Of course, the only location in Las Vegas was at the Forum so with lil guy in tow, we get there and I immediately made a beeline for the store located on the 2nd floor.Luckily, lil guy had his Nintendo DS with him and I sat him down on the comfy sofas and told him to stay put while I carefully inspected every single bag on display.After much deliberation, I narrowed it down to about 5 items. The salespeople were so helpful. They didn't rush me at all. One even brought out her own bag to show me how it looked with a lot of stuff in it. I must've spent about 40 minutes as I couldn't decide.Finally, I settled on the one I wanted -- which was the first one I picked up. The salesperson packaged it up in a lovely bag (even though it was for me) and finally sent me along my way. I had a huge beaming smile on my face when I left.YAY! I finally got my bag.
4	One and only one reason I can't give this, one of my very favorite stores, 5 stars.....the salesgirl was 'unable'  to send my purchases over to the hotel where I was staying (Bellagio)!  WTF?  Doing a little shopping before seeing a show at Caesars, didn't want to carry my bags around, uhhhh bags were filled, FILLED with purchases, you get where I'm going with this?  Love the store, love the merchandise, can't find the love for the customer service, which is unfortunate.
5	Let me start by saying that I HATE shopping.  I don't like feeling pressured into buying crap that I can't afford by retail salespeople who don't generally give a shit about whether something looks good on me or not ... in the current economic shithole state that we are living in, many are even more obnoxious than usual.  Not the case at all Kate Spade at the Forum.  Last week when I was in Las Vegas, I took a break from gambling and decided to do a little window shopping with some gal friends and found myself drawn to a gorgeous bag that almost matched some new Kate Spade shoes I had bought only days before at Nordstrom in San Francisco.    Each day I went in to test out the purse (open and close it, walk around with it for a bit to see if it was a good fit, touched it longingly with my hands (and the hands of my friends) ...) the staff was friendly, professional, and very effective at reading my body language that said "hey ... let me do my thing, okay?".  My last day in Vegas, I stopped by again before heading to the airport and followed my usual routine.  Against my better judgment, I left for San Francisco without "My Precious".  By the time I finally got home, it was around 8.30pm on a Sunday night.  I had such regret over the bag that I called the Kate Spade shop in Las Vegas to inquire about my bag again.  Mary Ann was so helpful in finding out that I would be able to get the very purse that I wanted right here in San Francisco.  Unfortunately, because I also work retail, I found that I would be unable to get my booty to any SF shop to buy the bag any time soon.  Mary Ann was gracious enough to extend to me the "Friends and Family" discount that was ending the following day, ship the purse to my work for only $5, and get "My Precious" in my greedy, fashion-deprived hands in only two days.  What amazing service!!Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll definitely pry myself away from the poker table long enough to make a trip over to Kate Spade at the Forum for some more shopping ... especially since they are open late!!!Thanks, Mary Ann!!
5	I fell in love with a pair of pink satin high heels, but of course as a graduate student, I could not justify spending money on them. Well, come tax refund time, I decided I had to have them...but of course they were sold out in my store and online. tears. sadness.Customer Service told me the Las Vegas store had a few pairs, and when I called, Carolyn was amazing. Not only did she try on the shoes to advise me on their fit, but we stayed on the phone to talk about possible outfits for them! She sent them UPS, and she even included a handwritten thank you note.My pretty pink shoes are now waiting to be worn, thanks to Kate Spade Las Vegas' fantastic service.
4	Four stars from a guy...not bad, huh?They had a pretty good selection and a lot of good deals on their inventory.Their customer service was very good, and they were very helpful and down to earth...not something you see a lot of at higher end shops in Vegas.The lady ended up with some good deals, and lucky for me, the store isn't big enough to spend the day at, because given the chance I know she would.
5	Balanced selection of shoes, jewelry, clothes & handbags. Thoroughly enjoyed the vibe of the place & the sales staff were so kind. I just love me some Kate Spade!
3	FYI - this is the store located at Fashion Show. I recently got into Kate Spade. Love the handbags, wallets and everything else! I prefer the store at the Forum Shops because it is bigger and the employees are much more friendly and helpful. However, we all know that parking at Caesars is a disaster! Figured I would have better luck with parking at Fashion Show during the weekend anyway.Walked in, didn't get a greeting at all. I was carrying my new Kate Spade bag too! There were 3 employees talking story behind the register. Two other customers were shopping and being ignored as well. The store is small, but very organized and clean. Didn't find anything, which was a good thing because I refuse to spend my money in a store that is run by snobs! I mean, I really do hate pushy, irritating sales people but they could at least put on a smile and greet customers!So yeah, don't waste your time here! Go to the one at the Forum Shops. I have also been to the outlet store at the Premium Outlets North. Very busy over there, but even they have nicer employees!
1	I came with every intent of purchasing a wallet from Kate Spade and then a pair of flats or bag that suited me. A sales associate gave me a very lukewarm welcome. I don't expect to be greeted with flutes of champagne at all but it really felt lackluster and didn't set a good tone for my experience. I knew which wallet I was looking for and proceeded to try and find it. The sales associates left me alone which I appreciated because I like to get my shopping on  and ask for help when I need it. Other people might have preferred to be approached at least, seeing as there were three employees and only one of them was occupied with a customer who left very shortly after I arrived.I crossed the store a few times and couldn't find what I was looking for so I asked one of the ladies if she had what I was looking for. Without double checking or asking me to show her the wallet I was looking for, she immediately told me, "No, we don't have that wallet here. It's new so we don't have it in stores yet. It's not even available." Props to the woman for knowing her stuff, unfortunately the wallet had been available since the fall. I first found it on Nordstrom.com. Maybe it was my mistake believing a store would carry it's own products or that an employee at a Kate Spade flagship store would be more knowledgeable about their products than I would be. In that moment I decided I wouldn't bother with a pair of flats and/or a purse figuring the sales associate wouldn't be very helpful anyways. I booked it to Nordstrom and found exactly what I was looking for and even got 25% off my purchase (wallet wasn't on sale). I wouldn't rate the customer service here as uppity, just poor.
4	KSNY is one of my favorite brands to shop, so I make sure to stop in when I'm at Fashion Show Mall. They also have a boutique at the Shoppes at Palazzo.I love the colorful, whimsical, playful, and feminine elements that make up Kate Spade. Especially the use of bows and polka dots (two of my favorites!). The store is equally enticing with fun displays. It's nice to see things in person when I shop primarily online, however, the selection is limited.Everyone is always so friendly and helpful! Oh, and there are Family and Friends Days offering 25% off several times during the year!
4	Kate Spade is in Fashion Show Mall on the second floor.  My sister wanted rose gold bow earrings so I went looking for them.  I was greetly warmly when I entered but that sales associate was helping another customer.  I waited by the jewelry display and another associate asked if I needed help.  I told her what I was looking for and she went to check the cupboard for it.  They had them in stock and I went to pay.The cashier was really friendly.  I had a 20% off card and also paid with a gift card.  We chatted about living in Vegas and she asked where I was from  It was a positive experience, considering my sister had a terrible experience in their shop at Palazzo.  There were 2 other associates working in there and all seemed friendly and customer service focused.Good location and service.  The prices are the same as the Canadian store though, so it wouldn't make sense for me to buy at this store unless I had a US gift card, like this time.
