1	This was probably the worst hotel location I have ever stayed at. The rooms were nice, but the plumbing was awful! The toilet flushed very slow, and the drain in the shower was also very slow. Then the house keepers did not clean the restrooms, they only changed towels and made the beds! Did not take out the trash either. This place needs a lot of changes before I'll ever come back.
3	Our room was basic but clean... not many channels to choose from on the TV as they are hoping that you will avail of their pay-per-view options. There is some (pricey) room service available, but that is irrelevant since there is a Denny's and a Starbucks right next door.
1	This hotel is a shit hole and so is Phoenix.  The area reminded me of a shittier version of Stockton surrounded by cacti.  Our rooms smelled like piss and sweaty gym socks. The check in clerk told us we have a view of mcdonalds as if it was a selling point.  OH SHIT A VIEW OF MCDONALDS? SIGN ME UP!  I slept in nasty sheets that had questionable looking stains (cum and blood).  My friends bed looked liked Patrick Bateman played fun with hookers and coat hangers the night before.  Also,  house keeping didn't replace my blood stained towel I used to clean my bloody nose with.Short version: Phoenix hotel, blood and cum stains, sweat.
2	AC on, Check, Beds clean, Check, Bathroom toilet area, EEWEE! Dirty Floor, pubic hairs, not cleaned, shower and faucets spotty and obviously not cleaned.  GROSS! What do they pay the room cleaners for, if they don't clean anything! It takes 5 minutes to wipe this stuff down. I would know , I am a mom that cleans her house! DUH. NO BRAINER!
1	horrible place to stay
5	For a motel, this place deserves more stars. I am rating this on motel standards not the Ritz Carlton standards. Stayed one night here on the way to Sedona. It was 55$ and our room was spotless and had a flat screen TV and a huge bed. We chose this motel because it is dog friendly and we are glad we did. Check in/out was painless. I would stay here again. Oh ya and to sweeten the deal  there is a Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts right there. We found a nice park to walk our dog at close by called Encanto Park on North 15th Ave.
2	This place is just basic.  Room AC did not cool the room very well.  The door lock did not work.  There was a hole in the wall behind the door. Shower was good and the bed comfortable.  Breakfast was minimal.  I will not go back.
1	We checked in and our non-smoking room reeked of smoke. I went right back down to the front desk and told her of my problem and her of our predicament. She responded with, "Well, it is a non-smoking room, but we can't prevent people from smoking in them." Then she went on to tell me that they were completely booked and that they couldn't move me. I was under the impression that if you smoked in a non-smoking room, you would be charged for the thorough cleaning of the room. I ended up Febreezing the place to try and get that stale smoke smell out. The room, which was a suite, is in dire need of an update. The room shows a lot of wear and tear and makes the room seem a lot older than it probably is. It also had its own wireless router, which would not allow me to connect. For whatever reason, no one knew how to connect to the router. I even tried rebooting it, and nada.The next morning we went to Dunkin' Donuts for breakfast and came back and were waiting for our friends in the lobby. One of the staff members was cleaning up after their continental breakfast and took it upon himself to take the bowls they had used (to hold cereal) and wash them. The girl behind the counter told him that they don't wash them, and he should just put it under the table. He said it wouldn't take him long and came back with washed serving bowls and cleaned the breakfast area. Based on the fact that they don't normally clean their serving bowls, I can only wonder about the rest of their serving dishes and their drink containers. Proceed with caution.After a long day out we came back and found that Housekeeping supplied us with a few stained towels; looked like car grease or something. Regardless, if you bleach your towels white and you have some with a stain, you should take them out of rotation.I plan on going back to Phoenix for Spring Training, I do not plan on staying at this La Quinta.
5	Stayed last night and was very happy all around.  Arrived early and front desk checked me in  right away.  Room was very clean and nice.  Comfortable beds, clean floors and the pool and jacuzzi were great.  Breakfast was nice and the staff very friendly.  Will definitely stay here again and recommend to my friends.
2	I drove from North California with a late check in. The front desk agent was nice on the night of check in. I got a room with two beds for myself and my friend. The beds in the room look like they were slept in before we got there, and in the bathroom were only TWO towels! um how do you only give two towels for a room with two beds? The breakfast is only bread and stale muffins. PASS...The La Quinta on greenway is sooo much better. Just fyi for those who are looking for a safer and nicer experience out of lq.
4	For the price this place was a great deal,Convenient location, and a free breakfast meal.The shower heads were very low in the bath,but there were comfortable beds and an affable staff.Don't let the reviews deter you. The rooms are very, very nice. The beds were great and everything was clean.Woke up and ate breakfast in the morning. As long as I can get some protein I am OK, so I had some hardboiled eggs and microwaveable waffles. A couple cups of hot coffee and I was ready to rock!My girlfriend and I swam in the pool because it was 65 degrees, but everyone else walking around the area was wearing sweatshirts and jeans. Did we look like tourists? Yup.The staff at the front desk was very nice. The only negative thing about this place was the questionable neighborhood, but we had no problems. Just lock your car and you'll be fine. They keep the parking lot well-lit and have a security guard at night to monitor the grounds.
2	I wouldn't tell you this place is DIRTY, but I can't exactly say this place is CLEAN. It's not dirty to the point that it's un-stay-able, it's just a far cry from "noticeably clean". Truth is, if you're expecting standard La Quinta hotel quality, this is not your place. If you're not - you're probably going to say it's just fine. It didn't cross my mind to look up reviews before booking because I've always stayed at La Quintas (because they're pet friendly), and it's always been good.First off, this is a motel (i.e.: doors open to outside). I requested a room switch because as I was moving my things into the first room (on the far side of the building), two different groups of questionable looking people walked by, making me think twice about my safety (and thus my decision to stay there). Also, there was a stairwell light in that area that was broken (flashing, as though in a scary movie) the entire 4 nights of my stay. On Saturday night there was a friendly security guard walking the property. The cross streets are essentially the highway and one road off the highway, so there is a lot of road noise. Side note: your GPS will tell you the entrance is in a slightly different place and try to re-route you lots of silly ways from different parts of the area, so just look at the route first and save yourself some time. The room smelt... Weird. I want to say like cigarettes (non-smoking room supposedly) but I'm really not sure/can't say for certain. It just didn't smell so fresh and so clean. I liberally febreze'd it and called it a night. I've personally never been to a hotel where I've thought "Wow! That was a quiet hotel!" So I usually ignore that in other reviews. But, with the exception of the highway noise, this was one of the quietest hotels I've ever stayed in. I didn't hear my neighbors, but it's very possible that there wasn't anyone there. Four of my outlets didn't work in the room when I first got in, but the staff was friendly and accommodating (which is always appreciated) and the problem was remedied immediately. There is a Denny's and a Starbucks essentially right in the parking lot, and a Chevron, McDonald's and Dunkin' Donuts on the other side of the building. WiFi SUPER slow. The price seemed decent. But really isn't for what you get. There is no fridge. There are ice machines which are fast, but are located outside and thus don't look clean. I used the ice to keep my perishables cold in my cooler, but wouldn't consider putting them in anything I would be drinking. There are signs up all over this motel that say "100s of hotels new or newly renovated"... well -- they are not talking about this property.
1	I have been in some dumps before but this one was takes the cake! The only good thing is they allow "pets". Did a couple prisoner watch details in here for a federal contract. Great for me ; ) Next day, brought my German Shepard in. This place has gotta be a trucker's nightmare. A dump. Roaches, ticks or bedbugs, hair in the sheets and cigarette burns all over the furniture and bathroom sink / toilet cover. Very hard for anyone to sleep soundly as you hear big rigs coming and going all the time plus the usual prostitutes or "lot lizards". Tweekers run amok at night so lock your stuff up securely.
4	Pet Friendly!!!Service staff were friendly for our late check in, and the hotel had an area designated for dogs, room was clean and I have free WiFi.  The building is a little older and could use some love but the pet policy is what brought me here and I would stay again when I pass through the area.
4	This La Quinta is probably built in 70/80s, the style and color scheme make you feel like visiting a motel down south.  Conveniently located just north of Interstate 10, and next to Starbuck and Denny's with Dunkin Donut and Chevron right across.  Price less than $55 for weekend stay is very reasonable, breakfast included.  Toast, muffin, bagel, waffle, yogurt, cereal, eggs, fruits, juice and great fresh coffee provided on the house.  Room is clean, with coffee pot/roasted coffee if you care to brew it yourself.  Some room comes with microwave and refrigerator.  Late model Samsung Flat screen TV makes the stay enjoyable though the free WIFI is slow for streaming video or youtube surfing.  Adequate for internet browsing or email. The closet could be somewhat larger for double bed occupancy.  Stain markings spotted on one linen and one bed spread even though they are cleaned and pressed.  Should be taken out of circulation. The room AirCon works well though others complaint malfunctioning.  You can simply report and switch room.  There are plenty of parking spaces for 138 rooms, pets friendly.  There is a security Guard during our stay.  The four star rating is assigned when compared to similar motels, not to compare with 5 star hotels like Wynn Bellagio Ritz Carlton alike.
1	Horrible Place!! I wiped everything down with Lysol wipes! I refused to use their towels because I don't think they changed them!
4	The place was clean and the front desk was friendly. If your hungry tree is a Denny's walking distance from the hotel.
1	Yelp rating system should have an option that allows reviewers to choose NO star. Sometimes experiences are extremely that bad. My experience took place last weekend as I was in Phoenix to attend my Graduation Ceremony at Grand Canyon University. The weekend of my graduation there was a lot of events happening. There was a  rodeo and county fair going on this particular weekend. This brought in sleazy and trashy individuals who ruined any chance or relaxation. Basically every neighbor was getting loud and drunk and it prevented any rest. I did not feel safe in this environment. My parents who are 60 and 70 could not rest in their room, so they left to my state to drive home. LaQuinta, during check out Jesus a matter of fact said since I purchased my stay from a third party Hotels.com, that I would have to contact them, and then they together would authorize a refund for  a night. I just called Hotels.com and LaQuinta had the gull to deny they had told me they would refund me for one night. I would suggest you choose to stay somewhere else as much as possible. LaQuinta advocates that they are all about:PeoplePassionIntegrityExcellenceWhere is the integrity in lying to an agreement promised to the customer? This location does not exude excellence or a passion to uphold ethical and moral integrity by any means!!!This place was not clean. I will not be returning to La Quinta Inn and Suites ever again!It is amazing how one experience can ruin a reputation.
2	This place serves Werner Enterprises truck drivers. I know cause I'm one of them. It's just the basics for what we need. I've stayed in worse places. So if you like a 5 star hotel, go somewhere else. It's a 2 star maybe a soft 3 star hotel. But there are plenty of food places within walking distance.
5	This hotel is conveniently located downtown, within a small shopping mall anchored by Macy's Express. Gustavo at the reception made check-in fast and pleasant. The room was spacious, well-appointed. Elevators were busy and a bit slow. Although it is within a block of a Metro station, it is more likely that you have arrived at the hotel with a car as we did. The parking situation was confusing when we read up ahead of our arrival. Public parking at Pershing Square is a good 7 minutes walk away, inconvenient and not recommended.
4	After reading the other reviews, I was worried. Yes, the hotel needs to paint and re-wallpaper. I ended up with a Jr. Suite and it was immaculate, the most comfortable bed, clean and minimal noise. Sealed plastic cups in the bathroom were accompanied by a card that said City of LA requires disposable cups, but you can request glasses. My group was here for a conference, and no one got hassled in the lobby nor the attached shopping mall. We ate dinner and breakfast in the hotel and food was good and price is on par with other hotels we've been to. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful and the banquet staff was exceptional. We never had to ask for water to be refilled or plates to be taken away.
3	It is very hidden but very nice. The doors open as you walk in. I loved that idea. They allowed me to check in early because of my companions travel time. Room was very clean.i received a phone call to Mae sure everything was to my liking after 30 ,minutes of being in the room. My only concern is the shower.it doesn't seem to want to adjust all the way in order to release the water without making some squealing noise. Walls are thin so beware and make sure you have the tv on. Room was decently priced
