2	Walgreens is Walgreens:  they have stuff you need and it's convenient.  I want to write this to warn you of the growing homeless population that seems to live outside of this location.  I honestly feel bad for people that are stuck in this situation but begging just makes me feel uncomfortable.  Not a day goes by that I shop here and am pestered with requests for money.  The thing is that I don't really carry cash ever so I feel bad for not having any but also feel violated for being requested to shell out my hard earned cash to someone that is setting up camp outside a drug store and speaking low and incoherently and walking towards you and your car.  Gives me the creeps.
1	Walgreen's=crap.  This particular location has me convinced to avoid Walgreen's altogether for matters of convenience.  Poor service in the pharmacy is common.  This is strange for a place that was built around the pharmacy business.  Pharmacists here=decent people.  The pharmacy techs=overpaid, spoiled pains-in-the-asses.  They consistently act as if they're doing you a favor by filling your prescription for you.  The vagrants here are also a problem  Just drive to new CVS down the street or wait until real stores are open for convenience purposes.
2	Unfortunately this Walgreens, for pharmaceutical purposes, is lacking in the "customer service" area entirely. It is the most conveniently located drug store to both my house and my doctors office, however I would much rather drive the extra few miles to not have to deal with the head ache that come with this one. I spend about 25 minutes in the drive through the other day, and there was only one car in front of me. When I order my refills online they are almost never ready when I ask for them to be. The abundance of homeless people meandering outside is obnoxious to say the least. You eventually get what you came for, but go elsewhere if you want to get anything done in a timely manner.
2	If it wasn't for the bums outside the store EVERY time i go in there it would be a lil better. but seriously. come on! there goes not one day i find a bum asking me for a dollar or some change. I'm sorry i work to hard for my money to just hand it over to you to go buy a tall can. i avoid this place at all cost unless there is nothing else in the area. (walmart on thomas and 36th st but thats in a different review lol) do something about the bums and ill consider coming back to your store
3	A fairly decent Walgreens. This location did not carry as many items I have found in others, but everything was organized and clean. The employees were helpful and friendly.
1	Pharmacy is entirely too slow.   This is a busy place.  Either need faster workers or more of them
5	Got a flu vaccine today and although the pharmacy was very busy I did not have to wait long (15 minutes or so).  Pharmacist administering the shot was very professional and I did not even feel the needle!
1	Wow... So I ordered 3 photo books spent 2 days customizing them and hit the "same day pick up" option. It showed me several stores at which I could pick up and I chose this one. My pick up time was 7:15 pm. I showed up at the pick up time and was told by the gentleman who works the photo department that they were unable to make these because they were out of ink. Why they didn't call me when they received the order I don't know.. But these were Christmas presents and I needed them tonight. I asked them what I could do and they said they were calling around to get the ink from another store. The manager then told me I would need to drive and pick the ink up if I wanted these done tonight as his staff didn't have cars. So i drive just a few miles down the road retrieved the ink and came back. Keep in mind I already asked if they could just transfer my order and they said they couldn't. So as I handed them the ink he told me it was the wrong kind. At this point I'm pissed but all I care about is getting these books. He told me unfortunately there wasn't anything they could do and would refund my money.. Which I didn't want I want the photo books I ordered. Before just giving up and running with my money I called the online customer service number and in 2 minutes she transferred my order to another store. Yes I was retarded for not just doing that myself at the beginning... But I trusted the manager of the store... Whatever you do do not assume if it says your order will be ready that it truly will. My mistake that I won't make again.
4	I would like to give them some credit.. They gave me two free books and a store credit when I went back. At least they made it right. Thank you Alex (store manager)
