5	Great place!!! Great ambience and service.  Good food. Will definitely come back. Inferno quinoa salad is great!!!!!
5	This second incarnation is terrific.  We love the original, but the new place has an open, bright atmosphere that is comfortable and inviting.  The food is the same great quality as the original, and the service is great and the location is very convenient for those of us in North Scottsdale.  You just can't beat a Boss after work.  If you don't know what that means, come by for Happy Hour!
4	My family and I are regulars at Jalapeno Inferno.  We live near Thompson Peak and Pima so the new location is SUPER convenient.The location is amazing; great ambiance and staff.  My meal was below average.  I had a machaca beef chimi plate my first and only visit to this location.  Every meal (20+ visits) at the pinnacle peak location have been top notch.I won't return to the Market Street location until I see additional positive reviews regarding the food.  My guess is it was a fluke but you know we have many choices!
2	went there last sunday. place was busy but not full.got served chips, salsa and water immediately. never got our drink or food order taken for the 30 minutes we were there. got up and told the manager but all he was interested in was what table we were seated at. the three of us walked out. scottsdale location is great but won't return to pima road location.
5	Went on a Saturday night. A bit of a wait which was expected. What we did not expect was that they were serving FREE mini sample margaritas while we waited. Best idea ever. Food was great, atmosphere is great, The Boss margarita got me drunk. Love it.
2	Very average Mexican food. Glasses and utensils wrre, in some cases, dirty. We sat outside and asked for the heater but didn't get it... It sat there unused. Someone else asked for it and also didn't get it...but then another party asked for it and got it! The manager came by asked how everything was and got an earful but appeared to ignore it. Food was not offensive but nothing special either.
5	The location on market street is an awesome venue. The service was great and the food is even better. This is my third time dining here and surely I will become a regular! I suggest the chimichanga  any way they make it!
2	Not a fan.  Brought friends from Canada to the DC Ranch Market Place location for dinner a few weeks ago.  No one in our group of 9 thought is was very good and some where annoyed we wasted dinner at this place in lieu of all the great restaurants available in the area.  We had dinner on the inside balcony.  No tablecloths or nice looking tables, plastic cafeteria or pizza joint cups...go elsewhere for Mexican!!!
2	Waitress was great although everyone seemed overwhelmed ...maybe Bc it's fairly new to open The guacamole was excellent other than that everything we ordered was completely over salted :( our family of 6 couldn't finish anything they ordered Bc of all the salt .... Even the chicken and rice soup Wouldn't return :( thankfully we had a gift card so we only had to pay 80 dollars for food no one ate
2	We arrived during happy hour, were greeted by one of the managers.  The table we wanted to sit at (no one else was in the restaurant) was dirty. The manager told us to sit wherever we wanted, tossed the menus on the adjacent table and walked off like a spoiled teenager whose phone had been taken away. The servers were nice and seemed overly accommodating, after I expressed my displeasure with the manager, however, the first impression was set. I'm sure the manager was having a rough day, but his attitude was quite off putting. This was our first visit and probably our last.
