5	My daughter absolutely loves it here. The staff is awesome, caring, attentive and love working with kids. The owner, Mister Todd, is there every day and knows all the children by name and ensures that he hires nothing but top notch care givers. The director, Miss Darlene, knows every single child there, too and helps with the day to day operations of the school As far as cleanliness goes, the facility is pristine and adheres to very high standards. I had no qualms signing up my daughter here. Security~it's a secure building with video monitoring that is actually monitored by Mister Todd. My daughter has learned so much while attending The Goddard School and I know she is in good hands while my husband and I are at work.
5	Wonderful, loving environment- my daughter has been here since opening day- we made the mistake of "trying" some other schools closer to our home and honestly could not find better and ended up right back where she began at 3 months old! The owner is fabulous and my daughter will not leave school without finding him to give him a hug! Always an open door to his office. He truly, genuinely cares about the kids and families and works very hard to make his school the best. And the director is also amazing, is a Mom, and understands. Her creativity touches every inch of the school- we could not be happier at this school. I dread the day she has to graduate! Thank goodness for 3 more years...=)
5	My kids LOVED this place! Feels like you're seeing family - EVERYbody remembers your name and the name of every kid. I was just amazed that "Mr. Todd" really remembered us by name. One of my kiddos is very shy, but Mr. Todd was always wonderful to her, and after a couple months, she started giving him high-5's. Whenever we had a concern, it was addressed immediately. The teachers went out of their way to treat our children like they were the only one's there. They always give lots of feedback on how YOUR child did - not just generic comments, but always at least one specific detail. Can't say enough positive comments about them! (and I am VERY particular about who cares for my child!!)
5	I am long overdue for a review of Goddard.  I really wish I knew about Yelp when I was looking for a daycare.  We went through two other schools before we found Goddard two years ago.  My son graduated their pre school class and my daughter has been coming here since she was a baby.The staff lead by their fearless leader Mr Todd is beyond top notch.  How he knows every child's name and parents name is beyond me.  However, every morning when we walk through the door we are greeted with a smile and a joke or two.  The care they give my two year old daughter is amazing.  The system they use to connect with the parents is great.  Throughout the day we will get a picture or two and a full report via email at the end of the day.  They do not provide breakfast or lunch but I prefer that.  I like to know where my child's food comes from.  They do provide healthy snacks a few times a day.  I am 99.9% certain nothing comes out of a can.I challenge any parent to find another 5 star review of a day care program in this area.  All local schools have some sort of mention of staff drama or high turnover of staff.  As far as I know, Mr Todd and Ms Darlene are the ONLY ones to run this school.  I highly suggest any parent who is looking for a safe and caring environment for their child try Goddard.  As far as I am concerned, they were a God-sent to us.  Thanks Goddard.On a side note, if any parent wants more confirmation this review is legit, please feel free to mention my name and I will leave work to come to Goddard to introduce you to my happy daughter.
5	I've used other preschool/daycare facilities as well as a trusted in-home provider over the years, and recently switched my pre-K son to Goddard.  It's been 4 months now and the difference Goddard has made in him is nothing short of amazing to me.   My son is smart, but very busy and easily distracted.   He LOVES school (even from the 1st day!) and even asks to go on his days off!  His teacher is kind but firm and demands that they live up to their abilities and responsibilities.  I've noticed he's more willing to share with his little brother, more willing to help clean-up his messes home, and will stay with us rather than running off (like he used to).  I can't say enough about the quality of the staff.  Within 2 weeks, my son (who had no interest at all in writing) was able to write his name and start to recognize letters by sight.  If I had known about Goddard earlier, I would have started him here sooner.   Also, as a side note, I asked a teacher friend of mine what her daughter was learning on her pre-K class and she didn't know.  At Goddard, we are informed yearly, monthly, and daily regarding curriculum and simple homework assignments to help reinforce learning through repetition.  I love the updates and feel that I made the best decision possible for my son.  Thanks to everyone there for creating a loving, nurturing, and fun educational environment for our kids!
