5	Still one of my favorite pizza and chicken wing spots. Located in the good ole EASTCYDE!   There used to be Tropicana Pizza joints all over the valley. Fortunately this one is the last one standing.  YAYAH!!! I've move away from the EASTCYDE but still find my way back to my roots. You can take the boy out of the EASTCYDE, but you can't take the EASTCYDE out of the boy. This pizza always scratches that pizza and wings itch whenever I start to fiend.  I always get an X-large pepperoni with a bucket of plain wings w/ hot sauce on the side. They have always been on point. The pizza is always cheesy and  ALWAYS satisfying.  They're also open late until 2 am. FOR SHEEZIE! I will always support this EASTCYDE pizza joint. Thanks Tropicana Pizza!!! I've got a pretty good munchie pallet. This place definitely places in my top 5. EYE LIKA CHU PEOPLES!!!
1	I have had better pizza when I was 5 years old that I made myself with my easy bake oven even lunchable tastes pizza better than this...they have horrible customer service nasty pizza rude manager employees are incompetent and can't even get a simple order correct after repeating it 3 times and my husband and we both got stomach aches don't eat here
1	The pizza was nice the first 2 x I order from them but after that its like their service went downhill they started delivering my family and I burnt pizza and with the wrong topping I orded from here about a week straight and by the end of the week  the food  that I received changed I called to let them know and the said they would fix it but nothing happened so I'm straight off them
4	This is a great spot that I only recently discovered. I tried a very impressive thin-crust pizza with absurdly fresh olives, sausage and onions. I'm usually a fan of Papa J's or strip pizza joints... but Papa J's thin crust is frozen(yuck). I recommend asking for extra sauce. I do recall the prices being cheap and the service quick. The menu here is also exciting... it offers items that even bourgeoisie people would eat.
5	This is a wonderful pizza places in a city full of suspect pizza slingers. Maybe because it is attached to a bar, and we all love bar fo extremely readyod, that the foods is done quickly and done. The wings and fingers are incredibly tasty. The pizzas are extremely good, and the price is rarely beaten by equally tasty pizza. To me its worth the twenty minute drive :-)
2	I had been talking with someone at work last week, and they suggested this a a great place for an inexpensive, great-tasting pizza.  So we sallied forth, infiltrated the place of purveyance and negotiated the vending of some combustibles.In a word: average.  In several words: the pizza was alright, the cheesy bread was good, and the hot wings were OK.  Maybe we got there on a bad night (it WAS 110 degrees at 6:PM), so I don't know.All in all though, I'll still go to Napoli.
1	Well, you get what you pay for.  Sorry, boys, but this pizza is for the dogs.  We stopped by on our way out of Vegas after EDC.  The dough is passable, but was that strange white substance on top actually mozzarella?  Looked more like Elmer's Glue.  And that sauce, ugh.  If this is the pie that Tropicana Pizza has always served, no wonder this is the last location left.  Didn't have the wings, but I can't imagine they are anything more than something that went from freezer to fryer to plate.
3	Find this place on Yelp as we were coming back for the LVMS coming down the 15.  This place was much farther away than I thought and probably more out of the way than I would care to travel.  Pizza was decent, nothing special.  The garlic knots were really good, but not enough to merit coming all the way out here.  Probably a great place for locals, but if you don't already have business out in this area, not worth the trip out.
1	I ordered pizza from this location twice. I remember back in the 80's and 90's Tropicana Pizza being just AWESOME - big, thin, fold able, greasy slices of yummy gut bomb pizza - USED TO BE. The first time was just OK but not bad. The second time was atrocious !!! I will never buy from this location again. We ordered a special they have for 2 large pizzas, 1/2 a bucket of wings and 1/2 a bucket of fingers. Everything came timely and the order was correct, but when it arrived we were informed by the delivery driver that the total he gave us on the phone was 10 bucks less than it should have been. OK now I am irritated at best. The food was correct, but as I was pulling out the extra hot sauce, under the edge of the lids on every hot sauce tub we received was a green and white mold just caked thick. So, I called and complained and they sent the driver out with "new" hot sauce and I gave him back the nasty sauce. After I showed him the mold he informed me that it was "pizza sauce" - GREEN AND WHITE FURRY PIZZA SAUCE ? HUH? I am a papered chef  I know what mold looks like. So, I said to the belligerent driver "The problem is that I know how nasty and dirty your coolers are if you didn't even know there was moldy spilled sauce." after which I was informed that they do not keep their hot sauce in a cooler because "you don't need to". By now I am thoroughly pissed off. The next day I called the store manager and informed her of my issues with her night crew. She offered me 2 new pizzas, but as I told her, I DO NOT WANT ANYTHING THAT COMES OUT OF THAT KITCHEN.  I just wanted her to be aware of the goings on. BUYER BEWARE, it may taste good but...WHAT HORRORS LIE IN WAIT INSIDE THE KITCHEN UNBEKNOWNST TO YOU !!!P.S. Read the "filtered out" reviews. They say the same. Why are they not shown? hmmmmmmm?
4	you must visit this place. i live about three blocks and walk here on for dinner usually. but seriously, it is all worth it. i love the pizza. if you go there get the pizza! the eggplant is delicious! mozzarella are always my favorite.
1	We used to order from them all the time but then we quit because of customer service. So we decided a few years later to try again. Well we were welcomed back to the same old bad customer service. Let me explain, we ordered an order of the chicken fingers special meal deal and pizza. When the order was delivered we got pizza and a order of chicken fingers and fries (which is only 5 or 6 fingers and small portion of fries). After being told it would only be 30 to 40 minute delivery the order did not arrive until well over an hour. When order arrived it was Not even close to what was ordered over phone. We called to complain and the person on the other end of the phone understood our frustration or so I thought. He sent our new delivery out and it got here about 35 to 40 minutes later. I was giving the driver 15 dollars more to cover the difference but was told that it wasn't enough. So I called tropicana pizza and talked to them and the person on the other end of the phone would not give an inch or listen to me. They were way late and had order wrong in the first place but yet he would not help out the customer whatsoever. I do not recommend this place as they have gone horribly down hill since the old tropicana pizza. What a joke they have become!!
3	Pizza is good for the price. Wings are WAY too expensive.
5	I went in the area for some business, and boy!! I Was hungry! This place is inside the bar and it cool! So I walked in and order the 1/2 bucket of chicken wings and a small light cheese/mushrooms/well done pizza, the pizza was perfect just the way I like it! D-WINKS was the killer!!! I ordered regular wings but add extra time for crispy and hot sauce on the side, it was really really good! Trust me when I say this cuz I know about food. I'll sure go back there again when I have to visit that side of the town.*****Proud to support small business
1	I was a regular here, I ordered frequently, because I loved their ranch. Usually the people who answered the phone were friendly and helpful. Though I ordered tonight, and some older guy answered. I could tell it was busy and he was rushing, but he was very curt and short while trying to place the order, he rushed every aspect like I couldn't talk fast enough for him. He didn't even give me my total before he said good bye and moved on to the next call. Then when the order arrived, it wasn't a half pepperoni/sausage, half pepperoni/mushroom pizza and mild wings as I ordered. Instead it was a half pepperoni, half pepperoni/mushroom/sausage pizza (which "coincidentally" offers them an added cost for the same amount of toppings, just different arrangement) and PLAIN wings. When I called right after the driver left, the guy who took the order blamed the "miscommunication" on me, then called me a liar about the wings, saying he "tossed them himself". I even took a picture of the PLAIN wings for proof, but that was as far as he was willing to go; A regular customer got the wrong order because he was in a hurry, that customer was also over charged, and "too bad", because he couldn't care less.It's sad that I have to stop frequenting a place I loved, but if that is their new customer service attitude, I would rather not waste my money there.
5	I love the pizza, chicken fingers and ranch! It's a great night if I get to go to Tropicana pizza. Best pizza in town. We need more locations, especially in Henderson. Great job guys!
3	Good sandwiches but prices are higher than quality of food.Deliver until like two am which is way later than others.  Great if you're a bar next door to it patron,  they bring food right to yoy
