3	I lived in a rental house for 2 years (near Southern & Kyrene in Tempe) that was managed by this company. It was decent. The main Realtor was kind of your stereotypical.... Realtor (interpret this as you will), but the other folks working there were always very friendly and helpful. Maintenance was pretty prompt. The only bad thing was that we were robbed, and they tried to bill us for the damages to the house. There was a little argument about that, but it was resolved quickly and we weren't charged in the end.Oh, and they failed to mention before we moved in (or after) that all the remodeling was done because of some disastrous flooding (only discovered this after my insurance agent was looking up the history of the house and said "WHOA.") It would have been nice to know, considering my roommate and I were both really allergic to mold. Next time, I'll ask.
4	"R.S.V.P. Realty has been in business since 1972. We successfully lease and manage properties throughout the Southeast Vally as well as List and Sell Properties throughout the entire Valley of the Sun."Well I haven't been with them since 1972 but since October 2006.  The property we rent is straight out of the 70's-from the appliances to the blue/grey carpet  Not purchase quality but ok for renting. The front yard rocks a rocky landscape. Yay no grass to cut, right?!  Wrong not when they decide to put rocks down without a tarp.  On three separate occasions we have been given 3 days to pull those stray weeds and grass growing through the rocks or else they will hire someone and charge us for it.  One time which I believe was the maintenance guy getting back at us for having to come fix our A/C in the middle of July.   Fine we agreed to upkeep the yard when we signed the lease.  We also agreed to not lick the walls-the schnozberries taste like schnozberries.   Do I have 3 days to stop doing that? I don't really have any complaints about the company itself.  The maintenance is always speedy and besides the weed picking they don't ever bother us plus we have until the 5th of the month to pay rent before it's considered late-upgrade.One complaint-the holiday card.  I'd say it's disappointing, if you're going to send out cards it has to have everyone on the cover sporting cheesy Christmas attire with so and so who hates so and so placed next to each other forced to look chipper for the holidays.  Sigh, maybe next year.
1	If you want to be yelled out and called a liar, go to RSVP realty.  A few months into a rental agreement, the A/C went out during a heat wave in August.  RSVP told us to stay in a hotel and they would reimburse us for up to $75.  A few weeks after we submitted our receipts for two days, we received a letter stating that the tenants were responsible for the motor breaking and attached the $700 bill!  And the hotel would not be covered.  When my roommate and I spoke to RSVP, we were told that we were to blame because the filter was not replaced.  We communicated that the filter was replaced last month and he told us we were lying.   He not only backed out on his commitment to fix the repair and reimburse us for the hotel, but blamed us for the old air conditioner going out on a hot AZ summer day.  I am not only completely appalled by the shady company, but appalled by the lack of professionalism in yelling at us calling us liars and that the landlord wants to evict us.    When talking to the owner of the home, she profusely apologized for RSVPs unprofessional behavior and lies.   I will never use RSVP realty for ANY business and will share this story with people.
2	RSVP charged me for pet damage to the carpet from a previous renter. The carpet was patched and cleaned when we moved in to hide the damage. It showed up a few months later and every time you vacuumed it fell apart. We lived there 4 years and had brought up the condition of the carpet more than once. They offered to clean and patch it.  RSVP had a rotting tree in the front yard that fell on my car  a year after we moved in. They wouldn't accept any responsibility. Lastly, after 4 years in the house we moved and they would only give us 10% of our deposit back. We paid on time and were never late. They stated pet stains on the carpet. Yep that same carpet they tried to hide those things from us when we moved in. Worse property company ever.  Thieves. Don't expect yo get anything back from them when you move out.
