5	TACO BASKET!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  $5I think I have eaten about 50 of these baskets..... 3 hard tacos, fresh fried shells, ground beef, lett, toms, cheese add salsa.Really basic but somehow tastes Awesome!  Even better when dranking.... maybe they add MSG?staff is always good n friendly, chicken fried steak is good too... machines do pay out, sometimes....C
5	Stromboli...salami, ham, pepperoni and sausage! It's sooooo gooood and it is HUGE.!!!! This bar is in the middle of nowhere but it has a comfortable atmosphere. The menu looks good. Gaming machines are so so. The main reason I go here is for the stromboli. I'm sure you will like it.
5	Food was great ...service fun....clean....cheap unbelievably cheap....i will come back everytime i come to vegas!!!!
3	Nice neighborhood gaming bar. Even though the outside looks a bit retro the inside is modern and clean. Not sure if they always have this special but PBR on draft for $1!Our bartender on this Friday night was very friendly and attentive. We didn't get any food but our friend raved about their pizza.
3	2014 Update: They have changed their Players Club...it's not so generous anymore. :(  So now their review loses a star.I still continue to come here, just not as often as I used to.  I am not as happy with their new system, I miss the old one and the wheel spin.  Still good food and great staff.Original Post: In a town with many local bar choices, this is one of my favorite local hangouts.  Even though I I am typically there during the graveyard shift.  I think that have one of the best chicken fried steak and eggs in town.  Their pizza is also very thick, generously proportioned, and delicious.  Friendly graveyard bartenders (Jason and Charles) and their large menu is available 24/7.  I have been regularly going there for a few years now and have been known to put a few bucks in the machines, so I can also attest that they are very generous with their players club for regular players, just this month I received $400 in vouchers!
4	I go here mostly to watch the away Rebel's games. They usually already have the game playing, and even if they don't, they are more than happy to change the channel for you. They have game day specials if you wear Rebel red, and also NFL specials. Service has always been great. Friendly faces. Fast service. Good small talk.As far as the food goes, it's pretty typical of what you would get at any other bar. They do offer a few late night specials, such as my personal favorite, steak and eggs for 6.99. When I'm too lazy to drive all the way to Southpoint, TBirds is my main place to go for some cheap steak and eggs. Overall, a good bar. It's never really too crowded, at least when I go. I think I've started going enough recently that they're finally starting to recognize me, which is always a good thing.
5	The best thing about this T-Birds is it's so close to my house. I often find myself here when we don't want to make decisions about dinner. They have a separate restaurant and bar area there for those that don't appreciate inhaling cigarette smoke during their meal. My go-to items: Chicken fried steak, taco basket and the grilled chicken caesar salad. The menu is a mile long so there is plenty of bar food to choose from. They have great breakfast items and killer Bloody Marias. Plenty of beer on tap and the service is always pretty good. It's a solid bar with solid food.
3	I ordered the wings and Stromboli, can't go wrong with the wings. Stromboli is way too big! A small is enough for 2 people.
5	Contemplated stopping by here after a shitty night at work... Im SO glad I stopped by! Jason is tending bar, VERY nice guy, got me my players card - when you sign up, after you play $20 in the machine, you get $20 free play - SCORE. Jason kept my Vanilla Diet w/Lime full and was very friendly. I actually WON a decent amount of money so I am now a happy girl! I also earned another $15 in free play and cashed out when the cashin out was GOOD! They also have a free game you can play that goes on about once an hour and you can win anywhere from $5 - $10,000 so make sure you get that Player's Card for a chance at winning some free money!! Loving this neighborhood bar and will definitely be back! They also serve food 24/7 for all your late night munchies!
3	The food here has been ok to good.  I've gotten cheeseburgers, chicken fingers and fries and none of it was bad.  The bartender, Charles, is super nice and funny.  It's a good little spot to go to because it's close to my friend's house, but it's very much a typical Vegas bar.
5	Stable crew, good food, great air flow and physical environment, and gambling + alcohol! This is your neighborhood casino and mine too.Debbie in the morning makes a great Bloody Mary from her own recipe. Lisa in the evening keeps bar like none other. The whole staff here has been here for years (at least the four I've been coming here).Full bar. Great beer on tap (Newcastle and Budweiser products and more) . Lunch specials daily. Big screen televisions for sports galore. Player loyalty card with bonuses.Tell them you saw my review on Yelp and if you see me, give me a wave.
3	The food here does not exactly stand out to me as "delicious and unforgettable" however, the restaurant is pretty much across the street from where I live. The breakfast is very typical of what you could make at home. The restaurant is dimly lit so it great for hangover mornings. The service is usually pretty outstanding. The staff is very attentive and quick to bring you anything you want. They've even got jokes.
5	I love this place ! The food is good and it's right by my house ! The grave bartender name Charles is awesome too !
4	Pretty good food for a gaming bar.  Beer selection could be better, but it's a nice place to stop in for a quick bite
5	We just randomly stopped for breakfast here.  It was really delicious! Julie was our server and she was really perfect.
3	Good neighborhood staple.  Lots of variation on the menu will make anybody happy at this restaurant. I've been to several of their locations, this one has the typical prompt service and decent food.  The BLT salad was really good, with the option to add chicken or steak for no extra charge.  The taco salad is really good too, and the french dip is not bad.  I know several people who love their wings, I personally don't like to eat meat with bones in it so I haven't tried them.  Will definitely be back for a quick and easy meal.  Good with large parties as well.
5	Great food. Great customer service. The girl can make some drinks! Totally worth the drive! :)
4	Solid fun place looks good on outside and inn I just recently relocated to this side of town and was not sure about this place but after always driving by decided to make a stop and it was well worth it the staff was very friendly and service was excellent cold mugs of beer and the chicken fried steak I recommend trying. I will be there again soon
3	It is what it is - a typical bar with typical bar food.I've never had a bad meal here and the prices are average for this type of food.They have a regular waitress who's been there since I've been working in the area (2 yrs) so its nice to see the same face every time I go.
5	First a couple of qualifying statements. I've been to too many wing spots to count. If you look thru the history, it's a fair selection across the USA.  This was my second attempt at finding a wing spot in sin city. I did NOT have high hopes based on my Yelp selections. This place is a smokin hot treasure. I was treated to a wing foursome thanks to Erica. I had traditional hot buffalo, grilled BBQ & teriyaki And the amazing sweet Thai finished in the pizza oven. All are deep fried but finished in separate fashion. They are allowed to caramelize & are so crispy & delicious,  I may actually start eating again, while typing this review.   Another great (and quite shameful) fact. I only finished 15 wings. Based on my 'normal' consumption (for testing purposes only) is around 20. These babies are HUGE.  Everyone who came in she knew by name & even remembered previous orders.  Erica & T-Bird Lounge make it to the Hall of Fame. GO THERE NOW FOR WINGS.  Beer selection solid with cold glasses. Epic!
4	When I work till 5am, I drop by for an IPA and the steak & eggs special.  $14 with tax and tip, and I'm usually the only one there.
3	Whenever I'm in the mood for chicken wings I always come here. They have a bucket of wings for $22 and it's more then enough for me and my man to share. The wings are BIG, they dont give you the little ones that barely have any meat. These are chicken wings on steriods lol. I always get the wings plain, extra crispy, with sauce on the side. I like their teriyaki and hot sauce. The hot sauce is very hot though, it has peppers in it. If you dont like hot I would suggest getting mild. On my last visit I wanted breakfast, so I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs. It was filling, but it was definitely not the best CFS I have had. The gravy was not homemade and you could tell it was from a powder. Not good. I was busy chatting with my boyfriend and our server, Chris, who was very attentive, and by the time I went to eat some of the CFS, the gravy was gummy and sticky. It was not appetizing at all. I decided to scrape most of the gravy off and just use hot sauce, but it was quite disappointing. My meal came with cottage fries, which is like fried potatoes that are crusty and delicious, and toast. I would advise against ordering the CFS, but the wings are for sure a winner!
5	This bar had a separate bar and restaurant.  The food was awesome with fresh ingredients.  Our server she was so nice and on point... I will be back again!
5	I live in the neighborhood and frequently come here for some grub. Food is always excellent as is the service. Some of my favorite things are the tacos, wings and burgers. Also, the Separate dining area is great for non-smoking patrons or those who have breathing issues.I highly recommend this place
