3	I heard about this place through a bank teller that hada sign in front of his window that portrayed his favorite food.. "..burgers.." So I asked, "What's the Best Burger you've had here in Vegas?" He replies "At the Seven Seas, it's in the ghetto.. The Louis Burger, tell me what you think.."Place wasn't as bad as I thought.. I walked in the food side entrance (the other went straight to the bar/lounge), looked up at the menu and saw the Burger.. surrounded by a whole lotta southern lovin' comfort food items! MMMMMmmmMMMMM! But that time I was there for one thing only.Louis Burger: plump buns, thick stubby patty, red onion, tomato, lettuce.... came with a mound of fries.. The burger had a nice char, quite juicy, tender, that familiar home grilled flavor but a little too salty for my taste.. Reminded me of a Smash Burger and a Gorden Biersch Burger at same time.. The fries were decent but a little over greased in my opinion. Extra Friendly and Corteous Staff, Prices were fair (cash only), location wasn't that bad, dining area cozy.. The Bar/Lounge was playing some smooth Jazz/R&B Jams.. Nice! Looked like a popular African American hang out. Burger and fries were decent overall. I may comeback to have their catfish or chicken?!..
4	My former manager at work came across this place completely by accident one day, while delivering a document to the owner. She is a Southern Belle, to put it mildly, and had some of their fried catfish while she was there. Well, she enjoyed it to the point that she brought about six of us there for dinner the same night for an impromptu "staff meeting".Our group tried several different dishes, from chicken to shrimp to the different kinds of catfish on the menu. No one had a complaint about anything they tried and I thought my blackened catfish was quite good. The star of the show is the fried catfish, by far, as I later learned. I've been back a few times since, once for a sit down dinner and a couple of times for takeout. The place has a small-scale, "home cooking" feel to it and don't be surprised/too disappointed if they are out of a few menu items. The location is sort of scary after dark, but the food and friendly staff are worth it.
3	Many many moons ago I used to live in this area and have seen whatkind of shenanigans can go down at the seven seas ... But... during the day when you're feeling hungry and the only thing that will make you feel better is cat fish nuggets then dammnit.. The Seas can't be beat!!Im a huge fan of their cat fish and even their hot links are grilled toperfection. The food is greasy and comforting when you need just that kind of fix. If you want anything healthy you're absolutely in the wrong establishment. There is a bar next door that opens at noon and while waiting for my food I ventured over to ask about their drinks. They have two for Tuesdays drink specials on everything except top shelf drinks which as we know can't be beat. I'll be back to The Seas but I doubt it will be anytime soon.. there simply not enough stuff on their limited menu to bring me in week after week but its still ... regardless !
5	Me and my boyfriend traveled to Vegas for the first time last summer. Whatever city we are in we love to check out the local flavors (places the locals go, not the places deemed safe for tourist.) I can't quite remember how we found out about this spot bout we loved and and went there 3 times during the same vacation. The catfish fingers are 2 snaps up in a circle!The other patrons we met were cool.Drinks were a decent price.There was live music (maybe not every night).And we still got to play our slots!
5	I forgot about this hole in the wall!  If your afraid to go into the not so glamorous, upscale, part of Las Vegas, and you just want some real food!  I would say go here.  They open about 12:00.  If your not use to this area, I would suggest to go maybe before 5 p.m.  We went on a Thursday night.  It was an older crowd in the bar area, it was a "step'n night"  so the crowd is different on this night, than on a Friday - Saturday night. Now don't go in here thinking your going to get what you ordered in 4 - 5 min.  Nope!  That isn't going to happen.  They cook to order!  And it is worth the wait.  The chicken is so crunchy and seasoned!  I can say it's better than mine!  I love crunchy chicken.  The Catfish is the bomb.com!  Yep, I think it's the best place to get fried catfish in this town. And if you know, like I know, it's hard to find.   The greens were good, and the fries are good.  They have yams (I don't care for yams) I'm not sure what else.  So, go place your order, and go sit at the bar, and have a drink or 2.  It will take about 30 min. for them to fry up that yummie chicken!
4	seven sea is a must!if you are from pittsburgh,pa  and you enjoy cj's or art's.seven sea is it of vegas.live music,good food and safe place......a friendly safe.d rogers
4	They have great soul food good entertainment great drink specials its in the hood but I like the hood saw the part of me is the part of the Old West Las Vegas history
4	Really Good should food here. Cooked just right. The fried Seafood is the BEST IN TOWN!!! I've been to other so-called Soul Food but none taste like this one! I've order there several times. Price is reasonable.  Only reason it get 4 stars and not 5 is because the decor needs some much needed improvement and a good scrubbing too!
