3	Very simple facility with two grassy acres and a dog watering fountain.
4	I am currently dog sitting for a girlfriend of mine here in awatukee.  I've known about this park for a while, and took the dog to check it out for the first time.I really wavered between 3 and 4 stars on this.  I'm giving the park the benefit of the doubt, since it is a park, and I wish all neighborhoods could have a dog park available to them.  Where I grew up, we had parks for kids, but there was no designated dog park area.  Having an accessable dog park in the area is such a luxury to me, and I think its amazing and wonderful.Anyways, the park is simple.  Fenced grassy area, stinky water area, one bench area for shade and thats it.  Heres where my disappointment sets in.  I have been to other dog parks in the city of Phoenix, and seen a lot bigger and better jobs having been done.  I think they should have had a better water area for starters.  It was a spicket with a pool of water around it.  Dogs were drinking and wading in it like a bunch of wild animals.  It looked like a scene out of National Geographic.  At other city dog parks, Ive seen actual spickets that you turn on that do not fester water pools.  I also think they could have provided a better shade area, with more coverage.All I can say is that the dog had an amazing time regardless, and that was the point of all this.  Dog was tired for the rest of the day and now thinks Im the queen since I took his furry butt to the park!
4	There are  two  large doggy play yards - one  for dogs under 20 pounds and one for dogs over 20 pounds. Sometimes, people don't know what a little tiny purse size dog weighs, and  they bring them in  the wrong yard. It is always fun to watch a lab try to wrestle with a chihuahua. Some people also feel it is necessary to keep their dog on a leash even though there are large gates protecting the dogs from escaping. My friends, if your dog does not behave off the leash, it does not belong in a dog park with other dogs. :)These two issues - dog size and leash/no-leash - exist at dog parks near and far - I just like  to help gently guide those new to the scene.Also, never wear clothes you love to a dog park.  You may be confused for a lamp post or fire hydrant, and become a conduit for pee-mail.  Watching spaced out dog owners get sniffed and peed on is funny no matter how many times you see it happen.Bring water for yourself - there is one covered picnic table in each fenced off area. And bring a leash - you have to have your dog on t he leash until you get inside the gated area.  Great park. Big enough for the big dogs to run a lot and get tired.  Because of the separate  yards, little dogs can have fun too.
2	This dog park is just okay. Lots of room for the dogs to run and play however it seems that there are people there who do not watch their dogs thus creating some chaos. Would be better if the owners were more aware and responsible for their own animal!  My dogs seem to enjoy playing there though!
3	This is so far the only dog park I've been to ever, so I'm no expert, however, We've been bringing our pit bull mix puppy here almost daily for about a month now. She loves it and we love it! Now from what I've read it's no doggy Disneyland, but it's more about the other dogs and people for her to play with than having a lake, considering she hates water! We always bring her in the Large Dog Area (for dogs over 20lbs.), but don't worry, there's a separate place for Fifi too. Both dog parks seem to just have a covered picnic table and a couple trees and then the watering station in the corner. Which now is cement and has a drain so it's not a muddy mess, which it appears may have been a problem in the past. The people who come regularly are pretty nice and everybody knows everybody and everyone else's dogs. Most everyone, especially the regulars are really good about picking up after their dogs and reminding others when it's "their turn". Most people are really good about knowing when dogs are "just playing" and when it turns aggressive. We're trying to teach our puppy to not get vocal when she plays so if she growls or barks we'll call her off or pull her away until she calms down; at times we've even called her off for play growling and people have said "oh she's fine." So most people don't seem to be overly sensitive and know to let dogs be dogs. Most everyone is pretty good about calling their dogs off when they're trying to, if I may quote the Newlywed Game, "make whoopie" with other dogs as well. The only thing I wish is that other people wouldn't be afraid to discipline my dog instead of taunting her. For example, she has a fascination with those tennis ball thrower things, no interest in the ball itself, just the thrower. She always tries to grab them when people are throwing and my boyfriend an I always correct her, but then the guy throwing it starts taunting her with it and waiving it in her face. Not helpful when you are trying to train a puppy!!!! Finally my boyfriend had to ask if he could have it for a minute so that he could claim it from her and correct her if she tried to grab it. I'm sure some people get offended if you push their dog away when it jumps on you because he's "just saying hi", and I'm not saying your should just turn your dog loose and leave it for other people to train, or haul off and smack someone dog because he drools on you, but it takes a whole village to raise a puppy sometimes and if you see someone trying to correct a behavior in their dog, help them out by reinforcing it, don't augment their problem! Also, a warning, occasionally there are two small mud puddles that develop. Luckily our dog isn't interested in them because it involves water, so it's always entertaining to see the biggest, whitest fluffiest dog go over to the puddle and see the owner running over and yelling "Noooooooooooo!!!!) in slow motion as their white dog lays down and rolls over in the puddle. So, bring a towel in case Snowball decides he's hot and needs to go for a dip! So, ALLLLL of that being said, it's a great place to go and let her wear herself out for an hour without wearing us out, and it's a nice place for us to meet some of the people in the community. I think we're going to go there now as a matter of fact.
4	There are two large enclosures here: one for larger dogs and another for smaller ones. Although I have no dogs of my own, I had a chance to experience using them both during my swim team's "Dog Day at the Park" last weekend. My teammates and I were in the "big dogs" enclosure, playing with the big critters they brought when one of my teammates arrived with his dachshund and his chocolate lab. Since  he couldn't have both animals in one enclosure, I volunteered to bring the little wiener dawg into the enclosure for smaller (below 20 lbs) dogs. Both enclosures were very spacious and clean, and the pet owners who we met were very friendly and shared plastic bags and even water for other dogs if needed. Lots of parking, and the whole park complex itself was quite nice - well-maintained and very spacious.
4	My friends and I recently brought our dogs to this park. It was difficult to find and I think they could have had some water buckets/dishes. Aside from those two complaints, I have to say it is not a bad venue. My greyhound had a blast and ran around every where.The double gates are always a good idea. They have two gated dog parks- one for larger dogs and one for the smaller dogs. Since my dog is mid-sized but very mellow- she got to go to both parks. Only one dog owner scared me by saying that her dog often 'played' with other dogs by biting their necks- um actually that's a dominance thing.Anyhow-my friends and I had a good time and I know the dogs did as well!
3	This is a no-frills dog park. It's great for dogs who like to run.No agility course, water provided, or anything like that. Just a big empty space with a fence. We like it, but if you "need" the obstacles check out Cosmo.
4	This park is nice in that there's a large dog area and a small dog area.   The enclosures are big plots of grass with some trees, some small shaded benches and a large shaded bench area.  My dog had fun running around and rolling around in the grass. While for the most part he gets along with the larger dogs at the mixed-size Tempe Sports Complex dog park, he can get bullied and intimidated by some of them.  So, it was nice for him to hang out with only smaller dogs that didn't make him feel as nervous.  There's a spartan water fountain at dog level for thirsty pups, and a non-functioning fire hydrant for dogs that need their fire hydrant fix!  There's no path for people to walk around like at Tempe Sports Complex, and parking can be very difficult if you go at a time when there are kids sports teams on the field, but it's still a nice enough park that I would go here if I'm in the Chandler area with my dog and he needs some exercise and more social doggie interaction.
3	This place would be great but for one dog owner who brings her two unsociable dogs to the small dog park EVERY DAY.  One of her dogs constantly attacks mine, and she just sits on the bench and pays no mind.  She obviously doesn't care, and she acts like owns the place.  Beware of her annoying dogs (named after the Lion King), they ruin the small dog park.
5	We always come here its a no frills park its got a small dark park for dogs under 20 lbs and one for dogs over 20 lbs. Water fountains are available for both sides. Water bowls seem to come and go.Doggie bags are provided for pickup, park is generally clean.
4	What a nice place, and I didn't even know it existed!  Over Fourth of July I babysat Dan H and Sarah H's baby, Ildi, a gorgeous vizsla. Ildi is full of energy and I live in a townhouse and while I have a lovely grassy area out front, she's not to be trusted so it was off to the dog park we went, as often as three times a day.  I threw her ball until her cantor slowed to a trot then back home we went.
2	like the star says "Meh. Ive experianced better"
