4	Nice store. Right near Trader Joes and across the street from Bakery Square. Similar to Stein Mart just a lot smaller and very few designer clothes if any. Lot of housewares like pillows, sheets, rugs, towels, dishes and more. There is also a small section of furniture in the back of the store. They also carry a small section of small electronics like MP3 player, headphones and other little gadgets. Defiantly worth a look.
3	I have actually only ever bought one item from this store ( a shower liner ), but I absolutely love looking through everything they have.This is the store if you need something new & fresh, probably last minute, but don't want to put out "new" prices.  For example:  In-laws coming to town and want to spruce up the bathroom?  They have cheap bathroom mats & towels.  Kids having a sleepover & need extra sheets & blankets?  They have cheap ones.  Need planting pots in the middle of winter.  Yep - you'll find them.  Need an idea for a gift?  Just go browsing - something may spark an idea!I would say it's that in-between store of Goodwill & TJ Maxx...
1	Hmmphf!  You walk into a Tuesday Morning chain store with an impression that there will be discount prices. I say "hmmphf"!  I can get better prices at most any other discount store including TJ Max, Marshall's, even Penney's.  I picked up pieces such as towel for $11 and even a clear glass dessert plate on the Clearance rack for $4.99.  The prices I saw (in a disorganized, not that aesthetically pleasing store I might add) were definitley not worthy of purchase.  You can do better!
2	My mom loves this store, or rather the one in Indiana. I didn't find much to be excited about as the prices were still rather high and some store disorganization made it realty hard to find the awesome stuff.
2	Very fun situation happened to me here! While shopping here I needed to use the toilet. The sign on the door to the facilities said "ask a store associate to let you in." So I went to the cashier and in formed her of my need and she told me to go back to the facility so I started to walk back. Next thing I know the cashier is paging the store manage "please meet a customer at the bathroom." I look at the store manager and said "wow that is the first time a store has ever announced my need to use the restroom." She laughed and said, "yes we value everything about our customers," I will always remember my visit to this Tuesday Morning!
