4	This place is great for takeout, always open (it seems!) when everything else nearby is not, plus it has a handy little drive thru so you don't have to get your lazy butt out of the car.  It's basically a cousin of the 'berto's chain and has gynormous burrito's. I like to grab some when I don't feel like making breakfast. The sasuage egg n cheese is my fav and JD either gets ham or chorizo. One late boozy night we had the Super Nacho's and they must have weighed 8 or 10 pounds! Heaped with beans guac, sour cream, cheese and steak- they were awesome but definitely a diet assassin. I'd get em again though!
4	How can you not love carne asada at 3 a.m. ??
4	Good food and a 24-hr drive-thru, great on the way home from a late shift.
4	Takes a bit long @ the drive through,but what the hell, food comes out warm and tasty.I got a taco salad (crunch tortilla bowl) and flan today.Mmmm yummy!Taco salad was very saucy (lots of sour cream and stuff..) and seasoned.Sizable portions (which means I have enough food for one and half meals-- I'm 5 ft 1 and 90 lbs)I'd go again.
4	I got the chicken taco salad this time instead of the shredded beef.They have huge chunks of chicken breast in there.It was a little too much for me so I gave it to my man.I went through the drive-through,they couldn't hear me very well so told us to go to the first window.They took our order and were reasonably fast and very friendly.The taco salad came out to 5 dollars.Reasonable/ affordable price and the food is VERY filling, and I couldn't finish it. (box it up for later!)They gave me tons of hot sauce yay.Fried tortilla shell was very fresh.Pico de gallo, guacamole, sour cream, lettuce, shredded cheddar, chicken.My tummy wasn't too happy later but it was worth it!
3	It was 3am & my hubby wanted food. He said let's go to McDonald's & I said ugh whatever. As we are about to pull up to the drive thru I spot Federico's & say let's go there instead! I ordered a quesadilla with sour cream & my hubby ordered the same with a carne asada burrito also, oh & 2 Dr. Peppers too. The quesadillas were huge & pretty good but so damn greasy, we both felt like shit the next afternoon. I split the burrito with him for lunch the next day & it was pretty good as well. We'd definitely return if we're drunk & hungry!
4	Still one of my favorite places in tokwn for Carne Asada!The fish tacos are really very good too!
4	I'm in love with Mexican food, period. I travel quite a bit and always order the Carnitas Burrito and here I've returned often to. Drive thru is a little tough to find, but the staff is always friendly, and visited them many a late night(s). Thank guys!
5	The food here is amazing.  I have NEVER gotten a bad meal.  From the breakfast burritos to the dinner platters.  The food is all cooked made to order and the staff is really friendly and accomodating.  And the prices are cheaper than McDonalds in the same lot and you get more food than you can eat.  There is nothing fastfood-ish about this place.  Always a favorite
4	Everyone knows you don't want to eat food at a place where nobody from that culture eats, so it is a good sign when you see a lot of Mexican folks eating at a place during lunch. On an odd side not I was just debating between saying "Mexican" or "Hispanic" I went with Mexican since I am reviewing a Mexican restaurant not a Hispanic one, (in case someone P.C douche wanted to crawl up my arse) I have only eaten one thing here and I have eaten it repeatedly. The Breakfast burrito hits all the right marks, huge, cheap and delicious. For $4.25 after tax you get what I am thinking is about a pound of breakfast food, freshly made (sometimes you have to wait a bit) wrapped in a tortilla. I get this in the morning a few times a week and don't feel like eating again until about 4 pm. If you are looking for a good cheap breakfast I would try this place out for sure. I haven't tried anything else yet but I did get an up close look at my coworkers lunch and it too was huge and looked amazing. I sent a customer to them the other day who was looking for a place to eat and when he came back he raved about his burrito. .
4	Great food, great prices and serves fast!  We are always satisfied when we leave Federicos.  The deep fried chillies are my favorite with any meal and they are FREE!
3	Good fast-food Mexican - fresh, tasty, hot, prepared to order. Grilled chicken and anything (burrito, taco, etc) is a good buy. One caveat: if you order chips&salsa, you get a nacho-looking presentation of chips spread out on a plate, then smothered in pico de gallo salsa instead of the customary basket + salsa as a dip - didn't see that coming. We both enjoyed our meal - a good meal.
4	Look... You know what you're getting into when you pull up to a Mexican food restaurant with a yellow ,green, and red sign. For the most part it is what it is, but I think this Frederico's sets the bar pretty high for one of these.  I've eaten there many times, as I work down the street. Everything I've ever had has been good, if not very good-case in point, the Pollo Asado burrito- its killer. They even have a ground beef special burrito or tacos with a drink for cheap. It's really good for a "Monday after" lunch.Most importantly, it's never wrecked me, it is clean inside if you want to dine in, and it doesn't smell like pine sol.    Four Stars is Fair for Frederico's!
3	We live in Phoenix. Finding a good, quick Mexican food place should be easy. I wish I could say this was my new go-to Mexican food joint since it is right up the road from me. We went here Saturday evening around 6:30 and we were the only ones in the place. I ordered the chicken enchiladas, which were mediocre.  I am not a huge fan of dark meat with half the fat still hanging on, and unfortunately that's what was packed into my enchiladas.  I tried my husband's carne asade burrito, and it was tasty, although took a long time to chew. The prices were great, and we ordered chips which were hot from the greaser and absolutely delicious. The chips were probably the best I've ever had, and certainly the best part of my meal.
4	The food is great!! Very unfriendly drive-thru staff but its so good I keep going back.
3	I'd been noshing on chips with guac at most places around town during a time warp in which I was, coincidentally, avoiding the gym. I finally hauled my petite yet burdened frame to Lifetime for some cardio and then decided to reward myself with more chips with guac :)However, to cut a long story short, the menu board was angled in such a way that rolled tacos with guac sounded even better. I thought they would be like 'berto's cause everything about the menu & signage reminded me of it....but it wasn't :( The tacos were skinnier, the guac a bit thinner, and the sauce not so caliente. I think a hard-core gym rat like me deserves better - I'm gonna give it another shot for breakfast one day soon after I've pumped some iron or at least driven by Lifetime again :P
5	Great fast Mexican food! Really friendly and always large portions and good quality. We've tried the steak burrito, green chili chimi, taquitos and breakfast burrito and have loved them all...over the course of months and not all at once (or our tummies would have exploded). It's our go to place for fast, fresh mex. As a bonus, they are open 24 hours so great for late party nights!
5	This is my favorite late night Mexican food place. If you like steak, get the Carne Asada burrito. It's like $6-8 and it's large enough to share. All it is is steak and a bit of a guac mix... what it is - is the best late night dinner ever!I have used this burrito for many successful bribes with my husband as it makes a great reward. My friend loves the fish taco - it's very big too. One of them is plenty to fill you up. The only down side is it's very difficult to eat while driving so plan to be stationary when you order one of these.The regular taco sauce I would say is pretty mild so if you like it hot be sure to ask for a hot sauce instead of what normally comes with the food.
2	When I say no tomatoes, that means NO tomatoes on ANYTHING!I come here with el boyfriendo when neither of us wants to cook, but he wants to indulge his taco heritage. I love the super nachos, especially when they don't put tomatoes in it. Insert EXTREME food allergy. I don't think I've ever left the drive thru in under 15 min, or drove away with my food order correct. Sadness.So because the special guy in my life has never had an ordering problem, and because once I pick all traces out of my meal, I award two stars.
1	so ive been here a lot. it used to be my go to place but lately the service has been HORRIBLE! No one even said thank you the past 2 times. the food has been garbage the past 2 times too. I ordered a bean burrito and the beans looked like they have ground beef in them. It was not good at all. 1 star doesnt do it justice.
4	I stop in after work once a week for the Carne Asada burritos, They are loaded with meat that is good quality ans stuffed, no skimping on this burrito, re fried beans and cheese delicious, don't really so much for the rice, very bland and unflavored. All in all though best Mexican food for the dollar anywhere
5	Just moved to Scottsdale a couple of days ago, so needed somewhere close by that was stress-free and would be quick. Frederico's met all of our needs and it was Mexican - which I was really in the mood for.It is probably the best fast food Mexican I've had. It was delish! We had an early dinner, since there was no one in there we decided to dine in instead of to-go. SO glad we did, because the Carne Asada French Fries would have been droopy and probably icky by the time we got home.I had the Carne Asada Tacos and the hubs ordered the CAFF's mentioned above. The French Fry dish was a splurge, we don't normally eat like that, but it was wonderful. Prices were fair, food was fast - but not too fast, because it was made to order. The meal included chips, which surprised us. The chips were perfect, crispy and just enough salt. Excited for it's close proximity to both our new home and the hubby's office. I highly recommend Frederico's!
5	Went back a second time and still yummo!We'd forgotten that they make you fresh chips when you get there. That was such a great surprise. I hope I forget every time we go! :)This time I had the Chilli Rellenos. They were good, a little bland, but there are lots of salsa options to help spice it up.We're going back. For sure.
5	First time here and I'm VERY IMPRESSED! Was greeted like never before :) with a handshake and a warm welcome from Jesse. Made me feel like I was at home. My son wasn't sure what to order and he is very quiet so he helped him by offering all the toppings he could choose from to make it easy for him to get something he would like :) the food was amazing! I do not live close, was only in the neighborhood for an appt. but I will drive back for the food and hospitality often. Happy I found this place. Happy customer- Jennifer f
1	No even real mexican taste and flavorsThe carnitas are not even the real deal, tasteless no flavor, the ranchero sauce canned taste, the torta's the not even use mexican telera bread.I'm disapointed not going back!!
1	One star for their customer service. I asked what comes on the Machaca burrito and the lady said eggs, cheese, machaca. They skipped the cheese when they made it so I spent my time and gas to go back. I asked for them to make it with the cheese. The lady then said she was wrong about it coming with cheese but said she'd ask the owner if they could remake it for me because of what happened.  The owner just straight up said no because they didn't charge me for cheese. Never mind that I come here once a week. When I reiterated that I used extra gas coming back to get it made as I was told it would be the lady who caused the problem in the first place rudely cut me off to say she gets it but since they didn't charge me I wasn't going to get it. Told them I wouldn't be bringing my business back. I get that it's just a hole in the wall joint but I expect a business to take ownership of it's mistakes and provide decent customer service in such an event. The way they acted about it was like I was a loser for trying to ask that they do just that. Forget this place.
2	The food is pretty decent  but the multiple times I've been in there the staff have hadhorrible attitudes. The food isn't worth it when you get treated like you are bothering the staff each time you order food
2	They have a B rating for health! Tastes like it too. The breakfast burrito was filled with all sorts of meats we had no clue what they were and we both got sick off them. When we went the first time it was just OK, second time we got sick and it was disgusting anyway. Of you're from California and looking for a similar hole in the wall place, forget about it.
5	I was raised in Tucson and my go to for breakfast burritos has been Nico's Taco Shop. I moved to Flagstaff for school and was unable to find an equal to Nico's. I then moved down to Phoenix after school and began my search again. It was ecstatic when I bit into that breakfast burrito jette and found that it was the replacement burrito I have been looking for.  Great food,  good salsa. 5 stars
1	Been going here for 3 years but I cannot take the service any more.  Food is fine when you get the right order.  The drive through is a nightmare.  The speaker is broken and you cannot understand them and they cannot understand you.  For the most part, the service is very good.  But, like most restaurants of this type, they really do not care if you get good service or not.  This morning was the last straw.  3 times now I have not gotten what I ordered, or the way I ordered it.  Today, the DT was very busy, and I ordered a Bacon Egg Cheese burrito, with 2 fried jalapenos.  My favorite. the person taking my order, a male, does not speak good English.  I had to repeat the order 3 times to him, and then made sure that the girl at the window, knew what I wanted, green sauce with 2 fried jalapenos.  What I got was a potato burrito, red sauce, and pickled jalapenos with carrots.  Really sick and tired of people not listening to what we order, and not paying attention.   I estimate I go there 10 times a month, for around 80 bucks a month spent times 12, that is 960 bucks a year I spend there.  Time for other people too, to find another place to buy mexican food, some where they appreciate your business instead of taking it for granted.  Sorry Federicos, last straw.  I wont be back.
