5	Daniel Malventano is back! You may remember his previous restaurant on Camelback: Il Forno/Acqua E Sale/Daniel's. After 5 years off the restaurant scene he is back with a beautiful, cozy (44 seats) new place on Lincoln & 32nd complete with a wood burning oven. Daniel has partnered up with his longtime chef, Michel Rastoll, who is putting out some pretty fantastic food! They have only been open 3 weeks (since May 6) but the place is already packed on a daily basis, mostly from the same folks who know Daniel from his previous restaurants. At lunch there are several delicious salads. Even better are the panini's and pizza's cooked right in the wood burning oven! Dinner is a little bit more upscale and refined with a wonderful pork tenderloin dish and my personal favorite, the duck confit. The house made ravioli is also pretty incredible. There are new seafood specials daily, depending on the fresh product received. They have also brought back the classic whole roasted Branzino dish which is also cooked in the wood burning oven! Once a month they will be doing a Paella special which is a culinary event not to be missed and reservations are highly encouraged for.I can't say enough good things about Caffe Daniel! Excellent food & wine, excellent service, and a beautiful space to enjoy it in.
2	When will people learn?  We had dinner at Caffe Daniel's last night and while many aspects of the meal were good we were overwhelmed by the smoking of servers, chef and the owner.  To watch the owner and employees stand outside the front of the restaurant and smoke is unconscionable, but sadly, throughout the evening, they  returned to the restaurant visited our table and served food without washing their hands.  The smell of smoke created such a negative experience it will be hard to return.
5	They use Fresh ingredients either Local or high quality ingredients. Check out daily specials there is great deals out there!
5	Outstanding.
5	Caffe Daniel is the neighborhood Italian gem that I've been searching for in central Phoenix for years. The food is fabulous, the atmosphere wonderful, and the host/owner/chef personally greets every customer to add to the charm. Daniel, a well known fixture for years in the Phoenix restaurant community, is so proud of his newest venture, and with good reason. We've enjoyed the antipasto, bruschetta, artichoke and provolone appetizers. For our mains, the pork tenderloin, duck confit, and pasta bolognese were exceptional. We have been to the restaurant twice in the past 2 weeks and intend to go back again. We also are now on Daniel's mailing list so that we can take advantage of his special dinners...such as the paella that he will be doing in the coming weeks. My only hesitation in writing this glowing review is that others will soon discover this hidden gem and it quickly will be hard to score a table.
5	Daniel Malventano (owner)....is back in the neighborhood and once again...EXCELLENT food!  The Biltmore area is known for outstanding restaurants and Caffe Daniel is one of the BEST in it's relaxed, classic..well lit setting.  Michel the chef- makes this duck that is so tender and delicious (and I'm not the biggest fan of duck..but Michel knows how to do it right!).   Stop in for a panini/salad for lunch or experience Caffe Daniel's amazing dinner menu......
5	Tried tonight for the first time and I must say we are lucky, very good and very close to home :) Nice ambiance. Both Daniel the owner and Michel the Chef are really friendly and make you feel amazingly welcome. Everything we tried was good and I was particularly pleased with the duck confit with calvados ... interestingly a mix of ingredients from my mother's region (South West of France) and from my wife's parents region (Normandy). The menu is not extensive but everything had an appeal and I must say I was surprised by the "Roasted Airline Chicken Breast" explanation ... if you visit they will explain! A must try if you leave nearby.
4	This is a great new restaurant.  It has a very classy yet down to earth feel, and a very friendly atmosphere.  The food comes out at a slow pace so you have time to savor it and enjoy the experience. The food is excellent as well.    The owner is a very nice man who walks around and chats with everyone, and the waitstaff is terrific.  We will definitely be returning - often.
5	My family and I had the pleasure to dine here again last night.  It's the fourth time we have been there since they opened.  We remembered how much we enjoyed Daniel's before it closed and was hoping the food would be as good.  As you can probably guess since we have been there four times in a few months the food is fabulous.  Everyone we have dined with rave about the food.Appetizers are creative and well priced (We had the snails - awesome!).  The dinner menu is as well.  I like the trattoria feel inside and have never had bad service.Caffe Daniel is just introducing their winter menu (we got a sneak preview) and it's worth the trip.  I had a wood fired steak with gorgonzola sauce that may be the best plate of food I've had all year (and I eat out often).  It was served with Au Gratin Potatoes that I had to fight my wife and daughter for.  The new menu has at least 10 more things I'm anxious to try on return trips.  The rest of the family had the lasagna which is made with a wonderful veal ragu.  Absolutely killer!The wine list is smallish but well crafted and priced right.  We had the 2009 Monsanto Chianti Riserva (#31 on the Spectator 2012 Top 100) priced at $44 per bottle which is less than twice retail.  Very fair.    If your looking for a new restaurant to try, this is it.
4	Excellent food quality...tiny menu. The service here is mediocre but the food very authentic and delicious!
5	This place is great! My wife and I came here to celebrate our anniversary. The place is beautiful inside! It's in an upscale part of Phoenix (close to the Biltmore). We've been wanting to check this place out for awhile now and I'm glad we went! Their bruschetta was amazing. Seriously. SO GOOD. I ordered chicken parmesan. The chicken was nice and juicy. The mashed potatoes were so creamy. My wife ordered lasagna and she liked it a lot too. I had a bite. I'm not much of a lasagna fan, but hers was really good. Of course, we finished it off with tiramisu. It was good too. The service was great. The owner came up to us to greet us! It's pricey, but worth it!
4	the food was excellent.  we had a special of pasta with lamb sausage - wow it was great.  the airline chicken (ditch the name please) was a little dry but tasty.service was ok, must have been a new waitress.  she was not knowledgeable, thus the 4 stars versus 5.
5	Daniel does an awesome job of delivering great food and outstanding service. The wine list is not your usual suspects but a wonderful offering of affordable reds and whites.This is a great place to celebrate and even better place to just enjoy great food.
1	We are neighbors to this restaurant and had high hopes for it.  The escargot appetizer was initially very good.  But the pappardelle bolognese was overcooked and flavorless.  It was bland and had no seasoning.  And the pasta was from a box-- not made in-house.  The ravioli, which was made in house, was fine.  The pork tenderloin was way overcooked and chewy.  The owner, Daniel, was initially very charming;  that is, until we told him about our thoughts and constructive criticism regarding his food, after which Daniel became argumentative.  It was interesting to see the change in his personality:  from gregarious and polite to mean spirited and defensive.  Perhaps Daniel's food was acceptable and even considered good years ago-- but now, with all the competition (e.g. Claudio, Bianco, Marcellino and the myriad others,) Daniel is a relic and the food he produces simply cannot compete with the new, cutting edge chefs.  Instead of dining at Daniel's, take a short drive down the street and go to Bianco's, which is infinitely better.  Or Central Bistro would be a nice choice as well.
4	Drinking wine and eating well prepared Italian/Mediterranean food. Happy Happy Happy.
5	Great local gem!  Sea bass was off the charts, great wine and wonderful staff!
5	This is the best restaurant in Phoenix.  Daniel knows what he is doing.  Michel is the best chef     The food is fresh and excellent.  Everyone is friendly.  His specials are extraordinary    They are accommodating to picky eaters.   Can not wait to go again and again
5	If you can find a better place, good luck. Friendly staff and the owner is a gracious host. Love this place and the food is exceptional. Treat yourselfGreat selection of obscure wines that won't disappoint.
2	I never thought I would be writing this horrid review but here it goes.  Dined here tonight and ordered the porchetta .  50% of the meat was moist & tasty & the other 50% well, not so good for that matter. I thought I would leave my feedback to the server (not my original server) and he told me he had been there 7 weeks with no complaints... Yeah and? He said "are you full?" I said I'm fine. He then proceeded to tell me to come back next week & that there will be paella! Uh, what??? He also said he would have the chef come out. No chef came out so I went in. Met the manager who was a complete arrogant human being! He said "what would you like me to do?" I said I guess nothing! He went on and on telling me he was taking some porchetta home for dinner tonight & telling me I was wrong! Hmm the waiter just told me you were sold-out of the porchetta. I will NEVER return here agai.  What horrible bed side manners & food not worth paying for when there is far more better in town.  Also update your menu on your website! We went there  for 2 items that are not even on your menu!
5	Wonderful food with many specials, too hard to choose from.  All five of us were very happy and the cost was very reasonable for the quality and portion sizes.  The space was great and Daniel is a most gracious host.  Go and you will be very pleased.
5	This is place is a true gem! Daniel makes every guest feel like family, and the service, food and wine were exceptional. I enjoyed the paella, which was to die for. For desert we had tiramisu and the caramel crepes, which were both absolutely delicious. Hands down, this is one of the best restaurants in Phoenix! Great for any occasion- date, night out with friends, or family dinner. Intimate setting with wonderful smells flowing from the kitchen! Farm to table and some organic ingredients which is a huge plus. You will not be disappointed by this place!
5	Everything was absolutely amazing! The service was perfect, the food was made freshly, and the drinks were at your table the second after you sit down.  The food was delicious, I know I will be returning soon.
5	This is a fantastic, cozy yet elegant neighborhood cafe. Daniel is a master of Italian classics with a twist and has a carefully selected wine list. I loved the figs stuffed with gorgonzola and wrapped in crispy proscuttio. His dessert crepes use dulce de leche flown in from Argentina, which is a bit different from the Mexican dulce de leche. Well worth it. Will go again and again.
5	My husband and I frequent this great place.  This is a marvelous neighborhood cafe that delivers a great experience, fabulous food that is prepared with care and skill.  Ambience is charming, and while the tables look inviting, we choose to dine at the bar where we feel like we are just about at home.  Daniel's paella is a regular treat each week, the burrata is exceptional, and the wine list is unique and always perfect with the menu offering.  A wonderful place to drop in for wine after work, but you'll end up staying for a bite!
5	Daniel truly understands that it is not simply about getting customers to come into his restaurant but even more important that they want to return habitually. That means the food has to be more than memorable and creates a craving to return.  Such was the fare we enjoyed from skewered mozzarella wrapped in prosciutto which made our taste buds dance and a complimentary serving of escargot which proceeded to make our taste buds jump for joy. My main course of veal scaloppine with a delicately flavored Marsala sauce and mushrooms presented over a bed of vegetables with scalloped potatoes was a masterpiece of combined flavors.  My husband's duck confit was welcomed as the best he had ever tasted. The ambiance of this restaurant is further enhanced by the beautiful view from the expanse of windows. Most impressive was the feeling that we were welcomed into Daniel's restaurant as if we were family entering his home.  A remarkable feeling which he obviously shared with each diner.  This is indeed a very special dining experience to be repeated many times again.  The wine list, culinary fare, service, interior design and attention to detail made Daniel's long absence from the Phoenix restaurant scene worth the wait. Bravissimo for Caffe Daniel!
5	First time visit tonight, and it was fantastic! I went with my Mom, and I ordered the chicken breast w/ roasted veggies. It was absolutely outstanding, perfectly cooked with lovely vegetables. Mom had the pasta, and although I cannot recall which one it was, it was delicious. Daniel personally greeted us, and then checked with us to see how our food was. The service was impeccable, and the atmosphere was comfortable , with a gorgeous view of Squaw Peak. I will be back for sure.
4	Came here with my wife and one of her girlfriends. They were excited to try out a new place and it was recommended by a friend. Even heard some nice things about this restaurant on a Saturday radio show.We were happily greeted by Daniel as we entered the front door. He was very polite and made us feel like we were in his home. Our table was near the wood fired oven and it was fun to watch items being cooked right before our eyes.The inside decor was very elegantly done and used the very basic concepts of comfort and simplicity. There was also a very nice Specials Menu on the chalkboard and a smaller Dinner menu to select your choices.We started off with some Braised Snails in Garlic Butter and a plate of dried Figs stuffed with Gorgonzola Cheese and then wrapped with Pancetta. They were both very tasty and left us wanting more.For the main course the ladies split an order of Pappardelle in Bolognese Sauce and yours truly went with the stuffed Chicken Breast. They also bring you fresh baked bread and a mini pitcher of olive oil to the center of the table.Food was very good and the ingredients were very fresh. The ladies did mention to me that the Bolognese sauce could have used a bit more seasoning and tasted a little flat. My Chicken was cooked perfectly and I had to stop short at licking the plate.Service was very friendly and most helpful during the whole experience. Might be more of a elbow rubbing place for the typical PV crowd. Seen a lot of regulars being welcomed as they were being seated. Might even see me back for a tasty lunch.Thanks Daniel for such a Swell Dining experience. TALLY HO!4 STARS
5	We just finished our second meal at the charming Caffe Daniel. It was Seafood night and there were so many fresh options it was difficult to choose! To our great delight, the owner, Daniel, personally greeted us and even sat with us to help us make our selections.  He was genuinely interested in our enjoyment of the meal, took the time to chat for a while, and even remembered us from last time we dined there. It felt like you were dining with family or an old friend. That sort of warm welcome is what will bring us back again and again. That, and the fact that the food is delicious! We had the seared provolone and red pepper appetizer, which was OUT of this world when paired with spicy fresh arugula. For our entrees we had the Orata fish and  Spaghettini  w Clams----both were outstanding with wood fired vegetables. The service was equally exceptional. The waitstaff made no attempt to rush us and we appreciated that since we wanted to enjoy our meal at a leisurely pace.  This gem will be our new neighborhood restaurant and we are eager to return. Bravo!!
5	We loved our three experiences at Caffe Daniel. Tonight we each had a special- orata fish prepared in two different ways. I preferred the caper sauce. Delightfully light and perfectly prepared. The fresh veggies in olive oil? Again , perfect! Daniel added a lot to our experience, giving explanations of preparations, his olive oil, and even his coffees. For the personal touch,  great service, nice atmosphere , fresh Italian plates with high quality foods,  we highly this restaurant. We will go back this Thurs for their fresh seafood night!
5	I have to applaud Caffe Daniel for serving consistently amazing food.  I used to lament the fact that Phoenix and the surrounding areas lacked a really good Italian restaurant, but this place changed that for me!  The menu has items that appeal to a variety of palates with traditional to a bit more exotic choices.  The wine list is very good and at price points that make enjoying a bottle of wine with dinner more commonplace rather than just for a special occasion.  The atmosphere is casual and the staff is helpful and friendly.  Of course it is always nice to be personally met at the door by Daniel and share a little chit chat.  I highly recommend this restaurant for tasty, upscale food in an approachable and down to earth atmosphere.
5	Saturday night was my first visit to Caffe Daniel.  My girlfriend has been friends with Danny for many years, and had raved about his food so I set up a reservation for "date night" and was SO IMPRESSED! Danny greeted us at the table and after a couple of informational questions as to likes and dislikes the food began to arrive.  I started out with the snails...not your typical rubbery escargot! These tender morsels are braised in butter, fennel and garlic, and are just melt in your mouth delicious! My girlfriend started with the sun dried figs stuffed with Gorgonzola and wrapped in prosciutto - so good! Danny brought me a taste of the Duck Pate, so simple with just the right hints of black truffle and cognac.  I could have made a meal of it on bread drizzled with olive oil.  A butter lettuce salad with orange sections, hearts of palm and asparagus dressed in a simple citrus vinaigrette came next.  Refreshing and just right.  Next came main courses...Spaghettini Sorrentino - think simple Italian comfort pasta with tomatoes, basil and mozzerella - for the lady, and Duck Confit for me.  Perfectly tender, fall off the bone Duck Confit in a Creme de Cassis sauce...AMAZING! Then came coffee (Danny's own blend and served in a small French press) and crepes with a heavenly Dulce de Leche sauce that Danny's grandmother used to make him as a child in Buenos Aires.  Props to Chef Marcel and the kitchen staff and to Danny - the ultimate host! We will be back...often!
5	What a great time tonight.  Amazing food, flamenco and incredible energy in this place tonight. Paella was delicious and the entertainment was really special. Looking forward to another evening like this here again soon.
5	Quiet little  place for lunch would have been great for a lunch meeting. Owner Daniel and server were both very attentive.  The melon cucumber  and crab salad was refreshing. The melon was the best I've had all season.  The crepes; you've got to try them. I'll definitely  be back can't wait to try wine and dinner.
5	This place is special. Daniel is a true artist and takes pride in giving you an experience not just a meal. Flamenco and paella night is a must. The seafood is incredibly fresh, the entertainment is soulful, the staff is friendly and Daniel is always gracious and happy to see you. Wonderful - an instant favorite!
5	The food at Caffe Daniel is consistently amazing and the menu has enough variety that everyone is going to find something they want.  The decor is almost as attractive as the artistically created dishes.  Check out the oven if you want to see something truly beautiful.While I haven't been lucky enough to attend, friends have raved about the seafood and paella themed nights.  I plan to give them my email address next time I'm in so I'll be the on list and first to know about upcoming theme nights.
5	Cafe Daniel has the best pasta and paella around. Great service with a nice casual feel.Daniel's special night are a real treat, try him out....won't be diappointed
