4	So I work in the air park and get pretty tired of the selection and the prices. So I see a place opened up called Jimmy John's. I had no idea what it was, with a name like that I was expecting BBQ or a hot dog place, but this wasn't the case. It was sub sandwiches. TASTY and cheap sandwiches at that. So I strolled in there today at lunch rush, I placed my order, I had 2 sammies and a pickle to go. I ask them if they are going to call my name or a order number, the guy at the register says they will call out my sandwich. Ok. I go over to the pick up area. They call out my first sandwich, and just toss it on the counter, I ask for a bag, a girl behind the counter barks at me to just grab a bag (there is a pile of bags behind the counter with in customers reach) So I grab a bag and bag up my first sandwich. A few other people have now gathered around the pick up area....My next sandwich is called out w/ a pickle. As I go to reach for it another guy reaches for it as well....I almost had to play rock, paper, scissors for my lunch as he had ordered the same exact thing....they REALLLLLLY need to have a better system, like say, call out the order numbers that the register generates right there on the receipt vs. calling out what sandwich is up, just on the slight chance that two people ordered the same exact thing. Lucky for him he was a gentleman and let me take the sandwich and pickle and wait for the next one to come up. I would have given them 5 stars, but the whole sandwich pick up system is such a cluster f*ck.
4	This place has great bread. Really fresh and chewy. The food is served fast and the price seems to be pretty good as well. The only 2 things that keep it from a 5 star is that the subs seem to lack originality, and they don't deliver late-night at this location. It reminds me a bit of Silvermine Subs and is maybe even a little better as far as taste.  The lettuce wrap subs are very original to this place. Although I would never eat one, my girlfriend was a fan.
4	Best sub place in North Scottsdale. The french bread is awesome. Haven't tried the 7 grain bread yet but will do so soon. The meat and veggies are extremely fresh and tasty. The menu choices are simple but what they do, they do extremely well. The price and portions are right and it is a much better alternative for a quick healthy lunch than going to Subway or Quizno's.The sandwich pickup process leaves a little to be desired but they do make the sandwiches extremely quick so you're not left waiting very long.
4	One of the things I miss from the Midwest is the choices available in gourmet sandwich shops. I've always thought there must be something in the water, but after reading the business section for many years you realize that the old adage about selling something in Peoria, IL is correct. Can you say test market? The greater Chicagoland area had Jimmy John's, Jersey Mikes, Pot Bellies, Quizno's, et cetera over ten years ago. But, if you wait long enough sometimes things come to you. Jimmy's John's for the most part is a college sub shop (started many years ago in Elgin).  Which makes sense, because if you wanted one of their subs up until now you needed to drive down to Tempe and ASU.  But, that doesn't mean they're making poor quality subs -- they're actually making GREAT subs!Their sandwiches are fresh, they use quality meats and seem to have learned the art of self-humor in their marketing: "Subs so fast, you'll freak!"  They actually merchandise this stuff!  Also, when you go, make sure you read their signage on the walls.   It's really very funny.Great, great sandwiches -- Enjoy!Now, all I need to do is wait a little longer for Pot Belly and Lou Malnati's to come to the Valley!  Hum, anyone want to take the over/under bet of 5 years?
5	Yum.   My girlfriend who is from Chicago initially introduced me to this place.     For the longest time it was a once-in-awhile treat whenever I went down to Tucson but now its finally here, just down the street.    Now that there are Jimmy John's in the Valley, there is absolutely no good reason to go to Subway whatsoever.     Better bread, better meat, better cheese, Jimmy Johns is awesome!
3	Meh. This whole pick up system they have is reallllllllly getting to me. WHY is it so hard to call out an order number, or a customers name? Today I go in and place my order. I pay with a card. The guy yells next while I am still standing there. I ask if I can have my receipt. He says they will give it to me with my sandwich. I go stand by the sandwich window. They call out my sandwich, no receipt. I get back to the office. It was my first time ordering the "Vito" It was sooo dry. Also another pet peeve with this place, they don't cut the sandwich in half. You just get this long torpedo of a sandwich. I am a freaken lady trying to eat lunch at my desk, the last thing I need is a huge sandwich hanging out of my mouth when my boss walks in. Anyway. this place is OK. I don't see what all the hype is about at all.
4	My daughter ordered our sandwiches ahead of time. The place was packed around 12:30 PM. So difficult to get to the soda machine which is located where you pick up your sandwiches. Other than that, I loved the french bread and everything in it was fresh. I ordered the Vito sandwich which had Genoa salami, provolone, capicola, onion, lettuce and tomato topped with an Italian vinaigrette which I barely tasted.There own chips are like the Maui chips thick and crunchy. I'll be back to try something different.
1	Alright...This was my third time going back and I don't think I will be back again, as my ratings keep going down and down. The hubs and I were near by and hungry. He had never been so I said we should stop by. We get there, there is one other table of people eating, the place is empty and there are NINE employees working. It did not seem like there was a manager working as what transpired was out of control. Two male employees are bickering back and forth, LOUDLY...like super loud, we could hear everything that was going on the whole time we were there. I was waiting for fists to fly at any second. You would think if there was a manager on duty, they would have split the two guys up or sent one home early. It was really very uncomfortable. The raised their voices to each other the WHOLE time we were there. Next an employee walks in with burgers and fries and hot dogs from Five Guys next door. Employees are all hanging around a table eating and talking and really having a great time. I was floored. None seemed to be on a legitimate break as they would hang around the table, eat, go do some work, then come back and talk and eat. No employee looked to be over the age of 18. We go to bite into our sandwiches and it seems that all the distractions really made for poor sandwich making. I ordered a Vegetarian, I open it up and its missing the sprouts. Hubs orders the Vito, and asks them to put mayo on it instead of the dressing.....they opt to put nothing on it. So we both had to take our sandwiches back up and ask them to fix them. This was the hubs first time and he never wants to go back there. It was really just not a good experience at all.
3	My husband picked up the sandwiches and brought them home. The bread is VERY GOOD and you can tell the meats are of high quality. I would go back if I was in the area but the only thing is the subs are very small.
5	Are you kidding me, this place is great.  Perfectly sized bread, quality ingredients, cool staff.  When I think dream sub, I think italian night club no mayo, and extra peppers.  Don't get no betta!
4	To compare Jimmy John's to Capriotti's would be a crime. Caps are in a class of their own.To compare it to Subway would be hilarious because Subway's limp soggy sandwiches are ridiculous when compared to a Turkey Tom, a JJ Gargantuan, or a Beach Club, etc.You know that you are getting a fantastic sub, with fantastic bread. fresh ingredients, at a clean restaurant, and it's prepared in short order. The way it should be. This location in particular has plenty of seating, clean bathrooms, friendly staff and easy parking. Perfect for that "after the gun club" moment. I'm a fan, and yes, I will go back.
2	I'm sorry, but the only thing this place has going for it is "free smells"! My husband and I came here this past weekend for lunch.  He ordered the Italian whatever they call it and I got the turkey. His sandwich was fine but my turkey was -in my opinion- slimy. I can't stand turkey sandwich meat this way and it's exactly why I don't go to Subway. I'd rather spend a little extra and go to Dilly's or Rinaldi's.
4	Good food and very nice staff. They will even serve you before they open while they are setting up for the day.Big fan of the beach club wrapped in lettuce.Be wary though that they get the order right. I have had them, out of habit, accidentally put items on subs that I requested not being on them.
4	All the buzz is accurate... this is the best chain sub-shop I have ever been to.  It shames places like Subway and Quiznos.  Great freshly-baked bread and just better overall ingredients.
4	Yes, I love Jimmy John's.  I've been to this location 3 times now.  Every time I go, I say to myself I will try something different....but, I always go with my favorite #9 Italian Club (Genoa Salami, Italian Capicola, Smoked Ham, Provolone Cheese, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion, Mayo, Italian Vinaigrette, $5.50) w/Hot Peppers.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2UQESr5pUBW5hHf6Y0XCIQ?select=KshAeD8SKcWvNRdgFxMjiAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/2UQESr5pUBW5hHf6Y0XCIQ?select=WFtxcGoKOzoCR4YFA5yNbAAs usual, they have the Sandwich ready before you can blink.  The Sandwiches at this location are just as good as the other.....it's a very consistent chain and the Sammies are great!Return Factor - 100%
1	Terrible. Meat. Terrible.Terrible. Dressing. Terrible.Corporate Garbage that Sand Paper Palette Eating People really like. NEVER AGAIN!
3	Super fast service of OK-tasting subs. I've definitely had better, so the signs hanging all over the place that claim that they're "gourmet" is definitely a bit of marketing puffery. Yes, it's gourmet compared to....actually, I think Subway makes a better sub, so I can't really compare it to being more gourmet than anything really. Maybe it's gourmet because they put a ton of sprouts (and lettuce) in the sub? I will give the place props for the very speedy service. I ordered my sub and it was handed to me within 1 minute. Another thing I noticed about the place was that it was filled with male patrons. If you're a single lady looking for a manly man, come to Jimmy John's.
1	My husband and I went last week and had a very disappointing experience. At 5:30 p.m. we were the only customers in the store. Our first discovery was JJ's doesn't offer sweeteners of any kind for their tea.  When asked why, the young man behind the counter said "The owner doesn't believe in sweet tea."  Well, what about a large segment of the customer base?  Then, my sandwich was improperly prepared, so when I asked for a side of mustard- the young man standing behind the counter, chatting with the five idle employees, indicated the owner doesn't "believe in cups for sides."  He then said that they only had mustard in a jar so he couldn't give me any mustard.  What?  While I was only asking for a tablespoon of mustard- if they were unable to provide me with the mustard on the sandwich - they could have offered to make me a new sandwich.  But that would have been "customer service"- something sadly lacking on my visit.  When I asked to speak to the Manager another employee indicated they didn't have a Manager.  One of the signs in the window advertising employment opportunities indicated "Looking for Rock Stars."  I can see why!
3	Jimmy John's convenience appeals to my geeky tech side. Hellman's Mayo, jalapeno and bbq chips, pickles, bread and cold cuts tickle my taste buds.Whether its walk in location or at-your-discretion gratuity/delivery charge, Jimmy John's convenience can't be beat.--iPhone app--Website--online account lets me save my credit cards, delivery addresses and phone numbers, and i can even name and customize my favorite sandwichesMy favorite is #9, extra onion, light mayo, extra sprouts, plus cucumber.Jimmy John's is my quick fix for a great sandwich, NOW.
4	I have never been inside the actual Resturant, but the delivery is out of this world.  I swear, they often deleiver it BEFORE I finish ordering online.  Okay, so it's not that quick, but pretty fast.  It could be because I work almost right behind them, but still, it is awesomely fast.  And it's Good.  Much better than other sub shops.  And the sandwhiches are BIG as well.  IF you order a pickle, make sure you get it in quarters, as the whole one won't fit in your mouth!  Crunchy chips, tasty bread and meat.  What's not to like?  Oh, did I mention they have very quick deleivery?
2	This review is for Jimmy John's on 33rd Street and Bell Road.  Can't find it on the Yelp listing.  It was my first time buying an italian combo at JJ's.   Here what I found:1.  The bread is too mealy.2. Not enough meats and no pepperoni.  An italian sub with NO PEPPERONI?????     In all fairness, I just noticed on the menu that for another dollar I could have gotten more deli meat. Really, I have to upgrade to get a decent sandwich?  I should have.3.  They gave me nice hot peppers, but it didn't compensate for the lack of flavor of the sandwich...Sorry.  I will be going back to Capriotti's.  I really like their italian combo.  There is so much deli meat in them that you can nearly close the sandwich.
4	Easily the best sub sandwich place in North Scottsdale.  Bread is generally quite fresh and the ingredients are flavorful. Typically I am very pleased with my order. A much better sub than the flavorless ones from Subway and a vastly superior experience to the stale bread and poor service at Jersey Mike's. Its really not even fair to mention those two in this review as Jimmy John's is vastly superior.A big bonus is the delivery. Sandwiches are always delivered quickly. I always wonder how the other sandwich shops are going to compete with the combination Jimmy John's has going on of good food, great service, low prices and fast delivery.Well done Jimmy John's!
3	What a great sub Jimmy John's makes! By far the best I've found since moving from the East Coast. Unfortunately, this particular JJ's is having a hard time living up to the "Subs So Fast You'll Freak" slogan.In my opinion, 40-mins to deliver is not fast considering we are about 6-mins away. And this has been the norm for the past few weeks. Yes, at one time they were fast... like 10-15 mins on average. But now.... fuggedaboutit! I've spoken to the manager - Chris - twice about this. But alas... our subs took 42-mins again today. Outside of that; JJ's subs are fantastic! Packed with ingredients, a great quality bread, and the subs are consistently good. If you go into the shop, it's a well-oiled machine. And there's always an employee sweeping or washing something.Overall, if you're hungry right now, I'd suggest driving to the shop. Otherwise, if you choose delivery, you might still be hungry in 40-mins.
1	Have you ever gone to a sandwich shop that won't give you anything on the side with your sandwich?Well then visit the JJ here on 15425 Scottsdale rd by Kierland ,and when you want your hot peppers or vinegar, or anything else on the side you just won't get  it here.  What kind of Cheap JA owns this place. Also owns one on Pima and Raintree. Same thing there Wont give you anything on the side. LOL
2	I just don't get the hype.
1	I was very dissapointed with jimmy johns. They have a small menu. Then after you order you have to stand by the counter and wait for your order to be called out through the very loud ACDC music playing. I was given my sub without napkins and it was not cut in half. Lastly it was very difficult to eat due to the skinny sub roll and the over stuffing of fixings.
5	Beach Club baby! Don't mess around with anything else. Turkey, sprouts, lettuce, tomato, mayo, cheese, etc. Jimmy John's is very, very good and you have to love the entertainment on the walls.
4	Love the bootlegger. Good Sandwich every time.
3	three stars just becuase if you order after at 2pm or after is takes well over an hour to get your sandwich!!!!!!!!!!  It was warm and yucky.  If I didn't feel so bad for the driver, I would have refused it.
5	Great subs and service.  Kathryn at the register is awesome.  Super nice and efficient.  Get in and out, all with a smile.  Good work!!
4	Time to update my review.  This place is one of the regular Sandwich shops in my rotation.  Over the past couple of years, they've made solid Sandwiches and I still order the #9 Italian Club.  Fast, consistent service is the norm here....I give a lot of credit to consistency, especially when it's good.  That's why I keep coming back.Return Factor - 100%
1	Ordered a vegetarianMenu describes it comin w avocado spreadNot drop to b foundNo whole rollsJust bare minIceberg lettuceWhite tomatoesOn ehite rollNuthin gourmet about itDont bother
4	Great sandwiches, especially the Vito and Beach.  Music is bit loud.  Yeah it is a chain and I'm usually not down w that.  But the Vito is so damned good that I'll make an exception.
1	I experienced the worst delivery service with this location. The guy that delivered my food didn't say one word to me and practically threw my food at me. Had I not ordered online and included the tip in the bill he would've received $0.00 for a tip, I would've given a tip on how to have better customer service. Won't be ordering from this location again.
1	No mayo!  No mayo!!!  Seriously how hard is that??  The order taker repeated my order back to me correctly, the person handing me my sandwich said "#9, no mayo", the ticket said no mayo, and my sandwich had about half a jar of mayo on it. I got it to go and had to rush back to work, so I could get it fixed. This may sound trivial to some, but I'm sure there are many like me for whom mayo makes a sandwich inedible.   And really, it's sort of the minimal standard for a sandwich place.
5	Love this place. Gets a little crowded at times, but you can't be the price of the slim sandwich. Great bread.
5	Awesome food, great staff, and super quick service! This is the perfect lunch spot if you're in a hurry but do not want to skimp on quality! Great job JJs
1	Ordered 2 slim Jim #4 sandwiches. Brought them to my kids & they had lettuce, tomato & mayo in them. $10 in the trash.
2	For Delivery I received 2 club lettuce head sub. seriously ?! where's the turkey ? oh look I found three slices I paid $7.99 each  I don't think I'll be ordering that again
1	Used to like this place a lot, the sandwiches are pretty good if they make them right and the drivers that delivered the food were real friendly. Last few times they've either messed up my order or I've had bad customer service. So here it is Sunday night at 930, the only place around that delivers is jimmy johns. Gave it another try and it's actually freaky how fast I don't wanna order from here anymore.
2	Sandwiches are the bomb.  But, they don't deliver south of Thunderbird, which is about a mile south.  The Jimmy John's on Shea & Scottsdale Road doesn't deliver north of Sweetwater.  I've heard other customers complaining about this.  If they would deliver between Thunderbird and Scottsdale, they would get a lot more business.
1	Idiots can't even do a simple delivery. Lost my business and future business. They juggle me around from one location to another. Ended up not getting food. Thx
5	Veggie un-wich with hot peppers and sprouts is what this girl is about (although they are a little too generous with the sprouts)! Delivery and ordering in, staff is always friendly, accommodating, and speedy.  I mean it's a sandwich shop-  my expectations include: making sandwich that doesn't take 15 minutes. THEY WORK REALLY HARD BY THE WAY! Great Job guys and gals!
