3	I'm not sure if the one at the New York New York hotel is part of the same chain, but this one is at the Venetian - near the food court. I had a pepperoni and cheese pretzel. It was a bit greasy, but the pepperoni was tasty. Not a bad deal for a late-night snack.
3	We had a craving for caramel apples. We normally go to the Rocky Mountain Chocolate factory but this is all we could find. I love caramel apples with coffee. Best thing in the world.We got one and headed off to the gondolas. The caramel apples were quite expensive here. It was 14.00 for one. But what can you do when you have a craving. Needless to say it was delicious. Price and service however was alright.3.5 stars.
4	18.25 for a pretzel and apple.   The pretzel was delicious!   I watched my cousin eat her apple, I craved it all the next day, so I got one too.  I also got a Nathan's hot dog wrapped in pretzel dough, totally unremarkable.  Skip the hot dog.  I got the s'mores apple, graham cracker with chocolate and marshmallows over caramel.  They will cut it into serving size pieces if you ask.  I ate about half, the apple is probably a granny smith, very tart, a good foil to the sweet.  It was so delicious, and I greedily ate it in bed while watching Law and order SUV, with no regard for the avalanche of crumbs.  I had to throw out the unbeaten part because I felt like a junkie eating what I did.  It would be good to share between 2 to 3 people.
5	Jalapeno pretzel+cheese sauce= really awesome when you are drunk. Actually really awesome any time.I think I had three on my five day stay at the Palazzo. I had a two for one coupon but never actually remembered to use it.These pretzels are similar to Auntie Annies but better and the jalapenos are actually pretty spicy. I wish I had one right now. I does cost like $6 for a pretzel and cheese but realistically if you are in Vegas you're probably paying for $14 drinks all day and flushing money down the toilet at craps or Wheel of Fortune slots so you shouldn't be complaining about the price of a pretzel. Unless you really pumped a lot of money into that Wheel of Fortune slot.
