5	I was driving back to my office from an appointment in the West Valley this morning, and I was thinking to myself how I really wanted some Thai food for lunch. I was thinking of picking up something at Thai House or Swaddee, but before I could make up my mind, I saw the sign...My Thai...I figured I would give it a go! The restaurant is very clean and nice inside, with mostly booth seating. There is a large granite bar on one side. I placed my order to go and had a less than 10 minute wait for my food. I ordered the lunch #3, the Beef Panang Curry, which was served with rice, a chicken spring roll and a side salad. The curry was the best panang curry I have ever had. It was smooth and creamy, and had just enough heat to keep you coming back for more. I was most impressed with the beef, it was so tender, it almost melted in your mouth....and this was all after a 20 minute drive back to my office! The menu is well priced and I will definitely go back. I just wish it was closer to the area that I live in, but now I will have to schedule all my West Valley appointments near lunchtime!
4	I have very limited Thai experience to go from but my lunch com-padre gave me something to go off of. My Thai was very friendly, clean, organized and efficient. I had the Pad Thai lunch special @ 7.95 it included a salad and spring roll. The salad was fresh and crisp with a nice light tangy dressing and crunchy noodle on top. The spring roll was small flaky and very tasty. The Pad Thai was very good. Chicken, shrimp, Thai sauce and peanuts. The noodles were cooked perfectly, the sauce was good, the chicken and shrimp were both good. We asked for some spicy sauce to add to it. (I suggest using this slowly at first) lol The service was on point, quick with refills and meals. They also have a full bar, for those in need of a drink.
3	This place is ok. My food was adequate, service was pretty decent but nothing about it really blew me away. I don't think I'd eat here again with Satara right down the road though.
4	Everything I've had in this place are good.. I usually get the beef salad although I've had it somewhere else in LA and it was way better.  Everything else I've had from the pad thai and other dishes and the curry dishes are all pretty good as well.  The appetizer salad that they serve with your meals is not all that but it's good enough for the hungry stomach..  They have good lunch deals as well.  Nice, clean place and good service.
3	Grabbed a quick take out of yellow curry, house noodles, and basil chicken, and crab puffs.  Not bad, maybe not as good as everyone else seems to think it is.  The yellow curry was pretty decent, but I've definately had better.  The basil chicken was spot on.  I really enjoyed it.  The house noodles were also quite tasty as well.. My favorite was the crab puffs.  Probably the best I've had in the 2 years here in the valley.  The prices are about what you would expect to pay.. Right around 38 bucks for the meal.  The service was just as good as anyone else mentioned.  I was quickly waited on, given suggestions, and sent on my way with a smile.I'll go back if I'm wanting some thai and in the area.
3	i'm honestly not quite sure what to think of this place.  i'm not a thai food connoisseur, but something still seemed a bit off.  don't get me wrong, the food is DELICIOUS.  this would probably be a good spot to take someone if they like asian food but are a little shy about trying  thai food.  i ordered the pad thai.  it was cooked perfectly (not too much not too little) and the flavor was delightful, but it wasn't spicy at all.  i had assumed by the chili pepper next to it that it would have some kick to it. i could have and probably should have asked for some spice.  the pepper beef is FANTASTIC!  peppers and onions are cooked just right and the beef is melt-in-your-mouth tender.   the service was perfect and the food was good, but i think next time i want thai food, i'll hit up someplace a bit more authentic.
4	We eat at My Thai about twice a month.  Sometimes we do carry out and other times we eat at the restaurant.  There is usually the same couple of waitstaff there.  And we are always treated very, very well.  We usually have a lot of food modifications as well....like no sugar, completely vegetarian with no oyster sauce, fish sauce, etc, and VERY spicy.  They always accommodate us and always get it right.  While this restaurant doesn't have anything specific for kids, they have a nice attitude towards kids and are friendly.  My 4 year old likes coming here and will often ask to go to My Thai.The only reason I don't give this restaurant a 5 star rating is because I wish they could do some local sourcing for the food and/or organic.
3	Maybe I'm used to Thai food from LA so I would only give this place 3 stars. For lunch, it's cheap, right on a student's budget of less than $10 a meal. But, the food was just not what I was used to. I love love love green curry but the one I ordered came out looking more like gray curry. There was no hint of sweetness that I was used. A little disappointing, but I didn't complain since I was hungry.Their redeeming quality, however, was the service. Excellent, friendly staff that took the liberty to split the bill for the entire table for us. They will probably be the only reason I come back.
2	I quite liked this place for Arizona. Honestly I would have given it a 2.5 if possible. I just got take our for lunch from this place. I ordered the green curry with beef, and the eggplant dish with chicken. The green curry was different from what I'm used to. Not really in a bad way, but not in a good. I missed the veggies and bamboo shoots. The meat was good quality. It was a bit expensive for what it was so I dont know if ill return even though the place is right by my house.I'm used to eating Thai food in California, so my standards are a bit higher than what is offered out here in Arizona. I think that Siam Thai is much better, cheaper prices, and i will make the 15-20 min drive there over this place anyday.
4	A pleasant surprise right by our house. We'll definitely be back. Good flavors. The Panang Beef keeps me coming back. Nice and spicy while still retaining flavor.
1	Tried to go but business is now closed.
1	This is not a very good restaurant and does not represent Thai food at all. There is potatoe in everything. I was born and raised in Chicago and have been to dozens upon dozens of Thai restuarants and have never come across Idaho potatoes in any dish. My Thai put it into every dish, no doubt as filler. I ordered Pad Se Ew and the waitress didn't even know what it was. The fact that this place has 3.5 stars on it really makes me question the ratings of other restaurants.
