4	i thought i would post a quick review because when i was searching for a dentist in the phoenix area, i found it challenging to choose from the list of names that my dental HMO plan allows.eventually i ended up picking one of the only private practices on the list, and relying on one review posted on some no-name website.  i was fortunate to find an experienced dentist that has a well established business in the phoenix area.everyone at the office was friendly and professional, the office itself was clean and well maintained, and the hygienist was very gentle and thorough.  although i don't have kids i saw that they are treated well and even get to choose from a treasure chest at the end of their appointment!the office took care of filing everything with my insurance company and even had me fill in a postcard which they will send me in 4 months to remind me it's time to schedule another appointment.dr. lienau is a good dentist.
5	I have worked in the dental industry in Phoenix for the past 20 years. So I've run across almost every dentist in the past 20 years. I was put on a new insurance and able to pick anyone I wanted to see. I ran straight to the phone book and called Dr. Lienau! This is because everyone I ever met who was Dr. Lienau's patient said "WHAT A GREAT DENTIST HE WAS"I am very particular who I write reviews for but Dr. Lienau is a dentist I've been familiar with for about 20 years. Like any business, some people are well known for being difficult and others have an excellent reputation built by the patients they've treated over the years.Dr. Lienau is honest, down to earth, hardworking, meticulous, and never did a procedure (on me or anyone else I've referred there over the years) on a patient that absolutely didn't need to be done.I have had other offices perform work that wasn't needed to get more money. It got so bad at once office that I had to block their number because they were relentless calling weekly to have me come in and get these new clear braces or whitening. It was frustrating because I already had braces in high school (my teeth are perfectly straight) and Dr. Lienau set me up with whitening trays and gels that I do at home. They look pretty good but these other offices are very unscrupulous and will say anything to get your money.You will never have this experience with Dr. Lienau, they don't have a high pressure sales department, just a super nice office manager.I hope if you need a dentist you'll give Dr. Lienau a try and I'm sure you'll be as happy as I am. The entire staff makes you feel like they've known you for years. And Dr. Lienau, you better not retire! I don't want to go searching for a new dentist again-lol!
5	I've been a patient of Dr Lienau's since I was six years old!  I usually don't care who my primary care physician is, but when it comes to my dentist, there's no way in heck I would switch.  I even referred a co-worker to him recently!  He's very honest, upfront, and has such a great support staff.  Colleen is the NICEST receptionist!  One of the hygienists has been there for years (I forgot her name!!) and is also a very friendly woman.I definitely recommend Dr Lienau!
