3	Cool, small concert venue. Bar is decent. Some good beer, including some East End
4	Only one review? I thought this place was pretty popular. Regardless, I came out for the Live Band 'Punk' Karaoke. Once a month, Howlers is host to a band which plays about(Just over, and increasing monthly) 100 songs. Write your name on the whiteboard and they'll call you up and play your pick, provide backup vocals, and your own goofy stage banter. You just have to stand there and do anything from get stage-fright to rip your shirt off and roll around on the floor singing. I put punk in quotes, because you shouldn't expect to come here and listen to The Ramones and Germs all night - they have a fairly loose definition of what punk is including Pixies, Devo, The Violent Femmes and more.(To be fair they do in fact advertise the New Wave part).I knew prior to going that there was a $3 cover, so I headed in prepared at around 11pm(There are nightly 9-11pm specials as well - $2 Yuengling bottles that night) and I could hear Mission of Burma being sung through the outside window. Walking in, you can tell that they allow smoking, and people were indeed smoking, but for as much as there was my girlfriend and I really didn't notice it while we were there. Maybe they have good ventilation. There was nobody at the door to take our cover, so we walked right on in and ordered beers. They have East End on draft, two of those ran me $11. The bar is split up into two sections - The bar and the 'stage' area. You can watch the stage area on TVs in the bar, and the sound is surprisingly isolated.We walked to the stage area which is where they took our cover - sneaky, but I like that. You can still come here without paying if you don't want to, just stay in the bar. Also, the first 40 or so people get a token(coaster) for a free domestic or well drink at the bar - which we got(and later traded for tall PBRs) - so that made everything totally worth it. We sat to watch the karaoke, each table has a one-page list of songs that you pick from. If you want to go, write your name on the board and they'll call you up when its your turn (IE no DJ to pocket-veto your request). Next to the stage, a line-up of $1 Seagrams shots.I have to say, it was a ton of fun, and I didn't even get drunk and sing(Although I wanted to sing, since there were definitely a few I knew by heart. [I got a.. I got a broken face, uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh ooh]). The list of songs is short and hand-selected, translation: You know what you're going to get. For me, it's perfect, I love this kind of music, and I don't have to worry about hearing an awful interpretation of Adele(and hell, punk music is meant to be sung poorly anyways). The band is quite good, and a lot of the singers were great too, everyone had a sense of humor and some got really into it.Again, I didn't really notice the smoke even though people were definitely smoking. However when I got home my clothes had definitely become casualties. The place probably wouldn't make sense if it was willingly non-smoking, but still, that's my only complaint about the night.And a shout-out to Amy C. for reminding me of what day this was via the event.
4	I agree with Jarrett H., how are there only 2 reviews for Howler's?  This is a good place to see some live music, drink some cheap beer and enjoy being in a local Bloomfield bar.  It can be a little intimidating walking into Howler's for the first time.  The bar area right by the door definitely has that local feel.  If you happen to walk in between songs, or just catch a quieter moment, people will turn to look at you.But fear not, I've always found the people there pretty friendly, if maybe a bit gruff.  Once you get inside and order up a beer though, it's like you've been a part of the group all night.  They do allow smoking, so expect that, but I agree with Jarrett that's it's not overwhelming.A friend of mine is in a band and has played a number of shows here, usually as part of a 3-4 band set.  Just about every time I go, I'm impressed by the other bands as well.  Howler's seems to try and get some good variety those nights.  I've seen some heavy metal, pure rock and roll, a guy rock a standup base and two guys who used a lot of synthesizers and echo loops.  Every time the bands have chilled after they play so it's easy to talk to them about their music.  And some smaller bands have come from NY, Chicago, OH...I'd definitely recommend it to people looking for a local bar and interesting music from around the northeast.
3	I find myself a frequent visitor of Howler's, if nothing else because of the good beer selection and the close proximity to my apartment (no worrying about finding a DD for me!) While I've only been here for brews and for shows, they tend to do a decent job at both.Beer selection is impressive, waitstaff fairly friendly. The clientele is usually drunk and yinzery (albeit endearing). Major downside - Howler's has terrible ventilation so if you're not a fan of cigarette smoke, beware! I can barely stand to be in here longer than a couple hours at a time because of how bad it is. Also, their space is really narrow and small, which is fine when it's empty, but extremely annoying when it's not.Major plus side: their sound is great! One of the best sound systems in PGH, for sure (in terms of clarity and balance). If you're an audiophile, you'll love it!
1	Used to be decent, pretty much sucks now.  Literally probably the most expensive bar in Bloomfield.  For some reason their drafts are way over priced and taste awful.  The place is kinda a dump too and looks terrible from the outside.  Men's bathroom reeks and is just filthy. I probably won't go here again.
4	Howlers is what it is. A divey Pgh bar with a good scattering of yinzers, hipsters, punks and everything else.Drinks are cheap and varied, they allow smoking, and there is always live music. If you're like me, and enjoy a bar for being an actual BAR, you will like this place.If you are turned off by cigarette smoke, metal/punk, or fret about what size heels to wear while telling Brittany shes "your bff" and "oh my gawd skinny girl vodka is the best" then maybe you shouldnt go there.
4	I really enjoyed the stage setup at Howlers. It was big enough to dance and have decent acoustics but small enough to feel close to the performers. I think this is conducive to a good experience for progressive music in which the performers need to connect with the audience.
5	Great place to see a show.  The bands do mostly all original music.  The staff is friendly, also a great place to watch some sports on TV or shoot some darts.  The prices are reasonable and Bloomfield is centrally located in the city of Pittsburgh.
5	Cash only but there is an ATM inside! I consider myself to be somewhat of a regular here! They have a great selection of beers, ciders and liquor. Known for their yummy kamikaze shot in regular or pink if you like. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Good happy hour specials and you can bring outside food in since they don't have a kitchen or sell anything except for bags of chips. Good music on the juke box and live bands are always great!!! I will keep coming back. Oh and if you don't smoke but mind cigarette smoke/it bothers you, this is not the place to come.
3	This local Bloomfield bar embodies what a dive bar is. Always holding different type of live shows plus a few karaoke nights here and there. Good bartenders. But keep in mind this bar is cash only. So head to an ATM or make sure you carry cash before heading inside.
3	To be honest, something that I've been underwhelmed with in Pittsburgh is the live music scene. I'll go ahead and say that I'm not a huge fan of live music myself (I know, all of you hipsters can go ahead and hate me), but I do from time to time like to see a band play. Howler's is one of the few places in the East End that consistently host bands to play for a relatively diverse group of people that frequent there. I've been to Howler's quite a few times, and I've never been really impressed with the quality of the bands that play- although I did see a great blue grass band a couple of years ago on New Year's Eve. Anyways, the bar is a pretty good spot- cheap drinks, and it is pretty smokey. Although I've never had a terrible time here and I don't have any major cons to list here, this place has a bunch of potential and could be quite a hot spot in Bloomfield.
4	i like playing shows here. the stage is nice, load in is easy, and it sounds good.
2	Typical Bloomfield dive bar. Typical Pittsburgh Dive bar. Nothing wrong with that. Saw a band here one night on my only visit. Great acoustics for an old building. Nice prices in beer and well brands. Parking's a bear on the weekends.
4	Cash only.  ATM on premises.  Was there to perform as a musician.  Drink specials for us.  Cool.  Sound man and sound was good.  Easy load in door behind stage.  Street parking.  Good beer selection.  Laid back atmosphere.
3	I like Howlers do not get me wrong. They have great music playing and the bartenders are always friendly. But I cannot get over how smokey it is in there. I hate coming out and just reeking of smoke. Other than that, it is a nice place to spend the evening.
4	Playing here was fun! I wish they had a backline, but NYC has kind of spoiled me. Sound guy was pretty good and the bartender and door person were nice. Their drink deal for the bands made me feel happy on the inside. I feel like I'd probably hang out here a fair bit if I lived in this city. I would definitely play here again.
