4	I'm an outsider, but the atmosphere reminded me of places in Oakland/SF.  The atmosphere was cool, there was a dance floor for dancing, and the staff is nice.  They also carry Redbrige (gluten-free) beer (in addition  to a full bar), which was really nice.  However, I'm not sure they knew *why* they carried it until I walked in and asked for one.  Still, brownie points for having stuff that I can consume!
4	Cool fires but it's no Tonic. Music lacking and door folks have unnecessary attitude. Still a cool place to check out
4	So I finally had a chance to check out Dharma with Bill and a few friends this past Saturday night. And I can say that I very much like this place. Very cool spot with a local neighborhood feel. Cheap drinks and Doc Martin rocked the house, pun intended.Overall very feel good vibe and there was a good crowd of all age groups. Laxed dress code that makes you feel at home here. The artwork also isn't over the top cheesy, it feels natural. Now I don't practice yoga, but maybe I'll start.
4	Pretty cool spot.  Doesn't feel like a Charlotte club.  Big gold Buddha indoors.  Fire pits outdoors.  Decent sized dance floor, good acoustics.  I'm not sure what all goes on there on weekdays, but have been to some events there.  Somebody said something about a $10 cover, I don't think that is always.  Kinda of a hippie/club crowd.
3	myself and my cohorts have all had a fine time here. what little scene there is in Charlotte can come here crash. it was pretty cool to see so many different kinds of people- of course the hipster crowd was the majority but I saw some people I would not expect to see in a "house" lounge. *NON- hipsters welcomed at this establishment.unfortunately, the music is really kind of disappointing. I wont name names (probably couldnt if I tried anyway) but the transitions are WHACK! I am not trying to be critical really from a musical standpoint and I will rock it anywhere I can. Still, there were several times where I saw that no one knew how to groove to some shit that was being played. Some of the transitions were too long and definitely not smooth-  sometimes all you hear is the breakdown. Acoustics were not great. I can totally get down with chi-sound but saw it difficult to know to to keep moving- at like 1am it was just my peoples on the dance floor.  DJ(s) seemed like he was more focused on putting on a show [to whom i know not] rather than move the crowd.The patio, drinks/bar, diverse crowd, hot dog vendors out back at 2.00AM pretty much have Dharma locked.  ***(Lounge area on the periphery of the dance floor is seemingly innocuous but is notorious for attracting the bored, the too-cool to dance, and young lovers/dry-humpers. When on the dance floor, avert your eyes, always.) I would go back but not too often. Three stars: because I am twenty six and "grown up" now, but if I still had it in me, it would take back to Ny, Seoul, or Philly, complaining about living in poverty, going out every night, but not having to bitch about the DJ.  Charlotteans know it- but this is really all there is in the QC.
3	I've been back a few more Saturdays (whack Wednesdays shall no more be revisited)  .: EDIT, Never say never; Free is good :.  Music on the weekends is much more consistent, but still not good enough to warrant the thick air of pretension met at the door. Vapid door girl aside, the ten dollar cover is reasonable. Combat palpable pretense with gnarly dance moves and all will be swell.  Relax, DHARMA LOVERS:I like Dharma, I like that what they're doing is new and different in Charlotte. I've returned often enough and am friends with "dharma heads." Bar staff is awesome and always was. I just think it's funny that on occasion you'll run into that one girl, at the door, who gets excited over a DJ whose name she can't pronounce properly, but swears is, "like, the bomb."  THAT'S OK. "A-OK"
4	We went to Dharma's "diversity Thursday" which is in quotes because the diversity was lacking. My crew and I were the only ones there with a little bit of a mix of anything. When I heard it was diversity night I expected a mixed crowd and a mix of music but the DJ played rap and hip hop all night. Everyone there seemed to be grown up and had a job to go to in the morning and looked presentable. Overall a good time, just not diverse.
3	Spent NYE here bringing in the 2011 year of glory!!Very nice decor here and the environment was just right with a sizable dance floor for you to do your thing. They seemed a bit understaffed for a NYE party so the lines were long to get drinks. I had a great time there and a 15 entrance fee for a NYE party was perfect (even though the bar tab was over $100)Not sure about them offering Yoga during the day but it is very possible and probably a nice studio to practice in.
3	love the music and vibe, but shady ass bartenders. charged us $150 for a $50 bottle of moet. Totally uncool.
4	Not being much of an electronica fan, I was ready to eye-roll the hell out of this place but was super surprised. Had a blast dancing the night away, thanks to some key features:5 buck cover, even with a DJ who trucked in from Chicago.5 buck well drinks, tad on the tiny side, but good for drinking quickly so you can get back to booty shakin.Back patio with comfy seating, standing tables, and firepits. Hotness.Comfy, well designed space - if you want a couchbase of operations, arrive early, they're all taken by 930 (the night we went anyways). We got kicked out of ours with 2 minutes notice thanks to a midnight reservation, but wtf were we sitting for anyways.People were friendly, crowd was young, but diverse. I'll be back!
4	Went last night, which was a Thursday. There was a $5 cover, which was great because you were able to leave and comeback without another cover charge. The place was decorated well, and the bathrooms were clean too. People started showing up around 12, and it quickly became packed. I love the patio outside, although the weather out was no cooler than the club inside. It was sooo hot because of the crowd and us steadily dancing. The music was soso. The DJ played songs for about 1 min, which was very annoying. But all in all, the drinks were good, the atmosphere was great, and the club gets 4 stars from me!
3	Been here a few times now and I've held off on writing a review.  I like the decor here (love the HUGE Buddha statue particularly!) and the outdoor patio is nice but full of smokers but hey, it's a club I understand.  A couple large screens playing abstract videos help with the vibe and the lighting is decent.  They normally play a mix of trance type music which I like but the last few times I've went the DJ's weren't that impressive IMO.  Bartenders are great here also, very quick and attentive and have strong pours so that's always a plus.$10 cover seems to be the norm on weekends.
4	Knowing the owner & pretty much all of the DJs that play here, I am happy to say this is one of the only clubs you'll see me at in Charlotte. There is a very laid back attitude, thanks to owners Lara & Nat.I love the thought they used in decorating the place, very feng-shui! Bathrooms are always clean, which is a definite plus in my book!The DJs & Lara thoughtfully plan & schedule top notch DJ talent, whether it's on a Wednesday night or weekend night. House music / dance is the normal genre of choice.Do watch out for the smokers on the patio, though. Yay for no smoking inside the club anymore!
3	One of my favorite dance clubs in Charlotte!  Always great music (depends on the night what they are playing) and great people.  The drinks arent too pricey and the crowd is mixed young and old.  There is a great outdoor section for those that want to talk easier (or want to smoke!)  The greatest thing about this place is that they have constant vigilance about the cleanliness.  The staff is constantly clearing the high tops and the bar area making sure everything is clean and not junked up with empty bottles or glasses.  They do charge a cover depending on the night but it isnt too bad considering the fantastic vibe!  :-D
3	I agree with other reviews in that this is a good place to chill and relax. The people are a little snooty, but still friendly and will talk to most anyone who comes in from out of town (that's me). It is simply ok on being a good place to dance. When I went in this last weekend, the DJ was playing uptempo house music, but it sounded like something from 99'. It was very difficult to dance to. And YES, the cashier, door man, and bar-back will give you ugly looks. The bartenders wouldn't get tipped if they acted that way, but they don't exactly bring up the atmosphere. If they had had a better DJ, I would have given this place another star.
5	Awesome spot. I drove up from Atlanta to see DJ Colette play Dharma. It was an awesome show, and this is a very cool venue. In Atlanta, many venues try to mimic clubs in NYC, very pretentious, rude bouncers, expensive drinks. What a refreshing trip to Dharma! It's an intimate space, the decor is pretty cool, and the staff are friendly and courteous. The drinks are reasonably priced too. It's worth a visit to this place.
5	My Wednesday night spot. Le Bang is top notch. Wide range of people show up and there is always something good to listen to. DJ Buckmaster makes sure theres something to grind to and the bartenders are all very attentive and quick. Plus, they all are nice to look at. I recommend trying this place out. The owner is awesome and so is the place.
4	A great space that hosts eclectic events, attracts a fun mix of people, with a bar staff that will take you near Nirvana without attacking your wallet. Dharma has comfy couches, day beds for bottle service/parties, and an outside patio w a small seating area and plenty of space for smokers to flock or if you need a break from the beats and dancing. The restrooms -yeah, I can vouch for the men's room, too- are kept well-stocked and clean. There's street parking, private lots of businesses that are closed at night, as well as a big gravel lot a few paces down from Dharma & Marigny. Be careful if hanging your coat by the entrance; no one pays attention to that area and unfortunately two friends of mine have gone home without their coats.
2	Dharma is an "interesting place" Its like a teenager who changes personalities every two weeks. First hes goth, the next hes a jock, then shes a lesbian. That is about the best  way to describe this place. If it was a restaurant, reviews would indicate that the place has issues with consistency. The layout is varied. It has a dance area, [occasionally] "VIP area" (yea that's a bit weird), a pseudo-sophisticated club area (near the front), a couple of standing tables, a large curved bar (this is a very good thing, take note other bars), and an open outdoor area with fire pit. The bad: Multiple times I have gotten a beer with a glass that is chipped. I've also had a cover charge when 1. they said it was free cover on their FB event site and 2. when it was absolutely dead. An astute reader may ask, you paid for cover when it was dead?!! Well yes, they had a doorman block your view so you couldn't see that no one was in the place, and the music was cranked up.  Also, this place does have a tendency to be empty during June and July. The age range is a bit varied, and you may end up meeting a few high schoolers that just turned 18. [Some guys are into that kind of thing, I'm not] [This isn't an reflection on the place, but the clientele the place brings] I've had a few encounters with people that bring the downtown "why are you talking to me" shitty vibe, despite the place claiming to be a "something for everyone type of place"Someone a bit more optimistic than I would claim: Its the whole randomness, you never know what you'll get. However, I would claim that its the deal "you never know when its going to be great" (as opposed to dead or mediocre)-----------Prices: If you don't have to pay to get in, its not bad. Wednesdays are "Le Bang" which are free to get in and they tend to get people in early, even if it has been snowing that week. [Good on ya!]The good: If you go this place, dress outrageously. Its not that pretentiousness where people will try to look down on someone that is being a character. The dance floor doesn't have a designated area, which is good. I also like the standing tables and the false club areas. The clientele: [Along with what is mentioned in the bad section] It depends on the night. They tend to bring really good techno/electronia music. (Brownie points) The people who go here are a mixture of Johnson Smith students, just about to graduate high schoolers, hipsters, lbgt crowd, artsy, and occasionally goths. I'm not hating on the crowd, its a good mix as long as the place isn't packed to the gills and people get their space. Don't get me wrong, this is not the worst place I've been to. I'm not hating on the place, its got its own vibe. Its nice as an alternative, but it doesn't have soul. I've been here many times. I can't say that I've had a great time everytime I've been.
3	I really hate paying for cover if you are over the age of 21 and are going to purchase a beverage...I also think $10 is a bit steep for this locale (in my opinion). This place has a really nice ambiance (and great patio) but it has been empty the last two times we checked it out. One time we were there and someone was break-dancing so that was entertaining! I was a bit put off one time when we tried to enter the guy warned us it was "urban night" and kind of urged us not to go in ... no bueno, not very cool of him to do. Drinks are priced well so if you're a club person this may be a good spot for you!
4	Preface: Although I have been here multiple times, I have never been here outside of a Wednesday night. With that said, this place is BOMB.Charlotte needs establishments like Dharma. Eclectic in nature, changing to suit the needs of the community, and always hip. On Wednesdays, there is no cover, and the PBR - served in Gatorate coolers - is essentially free, which results in me tipping generously. The music is bumpin, but if it gets too intense you can always step outside into the patio, which pretty much houses at least half the lounge's population at any given time. Firepits. PBR. Abstract Lighting. Giant Buddha :)
3	Well, this used to be my favorite dance club when I lived in Charlotte! Sadly, I'm a Brooklynite now and gone of the days of pretension free dance clubs- NC has a gem in Dharma Lounge.The cheap drinks, frequent well-known DJ's, fire pit outside and the free Yoga are all things I'd kill for now being an NY-er, but alas Dharma is still around when I visit NC.I LOVE Dharma and Laura, who helps run the place is amazing.The crowd is usually quite diverse- there is International Nights, Hip Hop Thursdays and the Le Bang Wednesday party which all have their own stereotypical crowd- all nights are fun though.Why 3 stars then? The DJ's are no consistent- one night you have Green Velvet & the next night you have an awful DJ over-mixing Rihanna songs (this really happened). Aside from that, the crowd is always hit or miss- sometimes the place is pin-drop empty on Saturdays and others (especially when there is a visiting DJ around) are PACKED to the hilt and you can barely move.Overall, this is a great club. The doormen are awesome, the drinks are cheap...you can even do Yoga here. Just make sure you know which night to come out to this place, look to see if there is a visiting DJ to ensure that you aren't in a room with 15 other people awkwardly swaying back and forth.
3	Was visiting with friends over NYE weekend, and they had plans to go to Dharma for the big night. Not being from Charlotte and having no other places to go in mind, we tagged along.We each paid $20 to get in. For being over 21 I thought that was insane, even for NYE. The crowd and DJ were really shitty so $20 a pop is way too steep.It was also an 18 and up night. So the crowd included many college babies. These kids looked like they'd just passed their 18th birthday. Definitely weird to mingle with, though I'm not saying they can't go out and have fun too.I didn't drink much, but the prices were moderate. I mostly socialized and danced. I have to say that the decor is epic. The Buddha with headphones borders on cheesy but I thought the paper cranes were awesome. It was too cold to spend a lot of time outside, but the patio was cozy and just as chic. When I wanted to take a break from dancing the bed lounges were comfy and not as awkward as they look from the dance floor, though folks tended to hog them because they were too lame to actually get up and dance instead of watching everyone.I'd say the major downside was the DJ. Genuinely just not good and played tired, decade-old beats. Since I was mostly in the mood to dance this put a damper on things, as I was basically just dancing along with everyone instead of enjoying the music holistically.All in all- it was a cool night. The owners are definitely some cool cats, but I doubt I'd be down for coming here again if I'm ever back in town.
5	Charlotte nightlife is inudated with big room, top 40 in your face night clubs.  Dharma Lounge is such a refreshing change of pace for our city.  They regularly host  'underground DJs' from all over - ranging from house, tech house, techno, DnB, Hip hop, Afro beat, Booty Bass etc!  The music is far reaching.  They have hosted Rich Medina, Daz I Ku, Mark Farina, Justin Martin, Christian Martin, King Britt, Danny Daze, Simon Baker, Jaques Renault and the list goes on and on.  Judging by the list above there is something musically for everyone at Dharma. The owners are very hands on and take a lot of pride in their business.  They care about the 'scene' and keep our local DJs in a heavy rotation (the local DJ's have been known to blow the headliners out of the water from time to time too).  The venue is spacious, unique and beautiful.  The bar staff ROCKS.  Drink prices are great.Never had a problem with any of the door staff.  The outdoor patio and firepits are wonderful.  The clientele is eclectic and fabulous!Parking is easily accessible and It is FREE.  They offer free donation only Yoga classes every Tuesday evening as well.I highly recommend this spot...
2	Stopped in here for a few drinks on a Friday night at about 11:30, it was pretty dead considering it was a weekend. Cover charge was outrageous. I don't think we'll be going back.
4	This is one of the nicer "clubs" in Charlotte although it is small and has more of a lounge feel to it.  It is very open, clean, the drink prices are decent and the staff is friendly.  It is more of an event driven space that books celebrity DJ's, so there will often be a cover, but not always.  I really like the layout of the place including the couches and seats at the bar.  The dance floor is small, but it is wood instead of concrete which is nice.  During the day the club turns into a yoga studio so that's really cool.
5	Dharma Lounge is the perfect size venue with a very loungy feel which is refreshing in Charlotte over saturated market.
