3	We had season tickets to this theatre. The theater it self is just fine, our table had a decent view of the stage, I think most do. The food was never anything special, but then nothing terrible either. The servers seemed eager to please. The productions had folks singing, dancing and acting their asses off yet none of the shows really drew me in and getting lost in the story. I think it is nice that we have such venues here and hope they do well in the future.
4	Much better than I thought it was going to be! I guess I was always a little afraid of dinner theater, but the AZ Broadway Theater exceeded my expectations. My father had gotten us tickets as a Christmas present and with the expiration date quickly approaching we decided to give it a shot and catch their presentation of Cabaret. Was it the best version of Cabaret i had ever seen? No, but it was well acted and the set was actually impressive. We sat in the front row (section A) and we had a good view of the stage. The menu had a variety of German inspired dishes and we each had something different, I had a chicken dish, my parent had the beef dish, and Matt had swordfish. Your ticket includes soup or salad, an entree, and the show. At intermission you can chose to participate in dessert and I strongly suggest you do. Our waitress warned us that by then we would have a sweet tooth and she was correct. My mother had the German chocolate torte and it was huge- three people could of easily shared it. I had the apple strudel and it was very good, and my father had the sugar free peach cobbler (he is diabetic) and he was pleasantly surprised. The service was prompt and your glass was always filled. The matanee on Saturday was flooded with Red Hat Society members but honestly growing up in Peoria I have come to expect nothing less of the area. The only downside was the wait. They ask you to arrive between 12 and 12:45 and the show starts at 2 (the matinee showing). We got there at noon and finished our meals with a little more than 30 minutes before show time. The menu changes with each show so it is definitely worth checking out their website and planning your visit around what you like to eat.
4	My boyfriend's parents gave everyone in the family tickets to the broadway show, "Annie Get Your Gun" and I feel it was the best Christmas gift ever.We went to the show this weekend, on Feb 6th and it was amazing. I've never really been to a theater show worth bragging about, but this one was quite delightful. We had excellent front row seating and our server along with our dinner and desserts, were phenomenal.The actors were amazing, the singing was flawless, the costumes were beautiful, and the dancing was breathtaking. I will be attending another show soon!
4	It's not about the food - the food is ok.  Not bad....tasty, but just okay.  And the menu allows plenty of choices.It's not about the show.  Because they're okay, too.  We saw "Bye, Bye Birdie."  And it was okay.So I guess it's really about the entire evening.  Arizona Broadway Theatre makes for a fun evening.  Not something you're going to be talking about for a week.  But definitely a place you can go back to and enjoy.
5	5 stars because ABT takes the hustle and bustle out of  what could be a stressful evening of moving from venue to venue.  Sit back relax.  EAT, and then enjoy the show.Arizona Broadway Theatre is a dinner theater with top notch food and first rate shows.  Arrive two hours before curtain and be seated.  "This is not a buffet Kit!!!"  You sit down, order from several options on the menu, then dinner is served from one of the biggest kitchens in the state.  The menu selections are selected for a reason.  They match the theme or time period of the show that you are about to see.  Example:  For the show Grease, they served Kobe Beef Burgers as one of the main dish options.  They also have special cocktails to go along with the show playing at the moment.  I will never forget the candy cane martini that went with A Christmas Carol.  Delicious!!!Dessert and coffee are served at intermission.  One dessert I will always remember was the German Chocolate Cake that accompanied the show Cabaret.  Out of this world.  Was it cake or mousse?  The coffee is the best drip coffee in town.  Who knew?Lets talk about the shows.  ABT gets the best local talent.  They also audition and bring in talent from NYC and around the US.  The creative forces behind the scenes have demigod status.  Sets, costumes, props, musical direction, choreographers, the band, and directors are at the top of their games.  I hope sound design makes it to demigod status one day.  Maybe I am loosing my hearing.  Arizona Broadway Theatre is going into their 5th season already.  Time flies when you are being fed and entertained.
4	My last viewing of Cats was 20 years ago at Gammage and while you can't "memory compare" - the cast and crew of this production helped create a nice "memory".The food was about what one would expect for dinner theatre, i.e. the prime rib was well seasoned and served with flavorful horseradish sauce. The side dishes not so much. They offer additonal add ons to dinner at added prices. These were better than the dinner, including shrimp cocktail and cheesecake for desert, which had a sharp rum glaze. Cocktails are available before seating which was relaxing in a nice sitting area. Ticket and wait staff were friendly and helpful. A great experience overall. Would be good for a date night or mom's night out.
4	Everything about this theatre is crisp and clean & very well presented.  They was not 1 thing out of place: from the ticket sales area, to the front entrance & lobby, and the bar area.  (Should have more seating for waiting before the show and to have drinks at.)Inside the theatre, the seating at the tables was set-up to a "T".  Nothing was out of place, and all the tables were perfecting set.  Our sever was extremely attentive and was great about answering any questions we had in regards to the menu, food, and wine.  The 1 order of chicken tasted pretty weird, but my prime rib was good, as well as the order of short ribs.  Bread basket was nice and hot.  Kids liked the chocolate  fondue with fruit.It was my mistake for not reading the description of the production we saw to be better informed that is was not the broadway show of Phantom of the Opera, rather it was just "Phantom" we saw.  None of the known broadway songs in the original play from Andrew Llyod Weber were sung.  Although this is based from the same book, I, as well as others around me, we quite disappointed that the smash-hit we were used to and loved was not the same.  The stage sets, costumes, make-up and effects were all good for the venue.  I guess I was just expecting the same play in which I had seen on broadway previously.  It was still an overall good experience.
4	My mom took my new sister in law to be and I to the showing of FOOTLOOSE. The show did not disappoint and the dinner was good.Dinner: First we ordered drinks- my drink "The Hero"  named for the song from the movie/show was a ginger-lemonade martini. I didn't like it, but my sister in law enjoyed her sex-on-the beach, and my mom was given samples of wines to choose what she would like. We each ordered something different, plus ordered desserts that were delivered at intermission. The food was not fabulous, but was good. I had a vegetarian lasagna that was mostly ricotta cheese with spinach on top. The staff was friendly and helpful. THE SHOW: WOW! What a performance! I love the movie Footloose, and the musical was really even better than the movie. The actors and actresses had strong, fun voices. The dancing was entertaining, and the show made me teary eyed more than once.My only complaint is the audience seemed a little stiff. At the end of the show the cast made an effort to energize the audience, clapping and asking them to get up and groove. This close to Sun City I suppose the energy is a little zapped, but come on people- you did go to see FOOTLOOSE!
5	What a blast!  We are so lucky to have such an amazing venue in the Valley. When we left Seattle for the Wild West of Phoenix, we figured we had traded entertainment options for beautiful blue skies.  After our second evening at ABT we have begun to think that we can have it all.The recent production of My Fair Lady was fabulous.  Eliza - Jeannie Shubitz - didn't need a mike. What a strong beautiful voice.   Even on opening night the performances were sterling.  And the costumes in the Ascot scene -- over the top!  Even with a packed house the food and the service were spot-on. Our server and support staff anticipated every need.  The Braised Pork was 4 star, tender and flavorful.  And the Loverly Chocolate Martini for desert was perfect.  How delightful to sip champagne and be entertained simultaneously.  A great evening and all under one roof!
4	Beautiful Art-Deco dinner theater with amazing talent.  A great excuse to get dressed up!Bought tickets online for my hubby and my dad to see My Fair Lady when he was visiting from out of town.Online ordering and the website is HORRIBLE.  Even the theater manager said it was best to call the box office to book tickets.  When you book your tickets online, a floor plan shows which seats are available at what tables.  When we got to the theater, there was a group already in our seats.  After talking to the house manager, he said the seats were "first come, first serve" and despite seat numbers on the floor plan and tickets, the reservation was only for the table, not specific seats.  At least he accommodated us with free desert.  After that issue was resolved, it was comical watching people escorted to tables that were already full and the manager scrambling to find a table that hadn't been double booked.  Quite disappointing for an $85+ ticket.The food was better than expected from a dinner theater in Peoria.  The only disappointing part was the salad - the egg was baked in the same pans as the cornbread muffins and was so rubbery my knife wouldn't even cut through it.  The bacon on the salad was cold and overcooked as well and would have been better from a bag.All of our entrees were served warm, not hot, but the flavor was quite good on the Pork Tenderloin.  I even ate the broccoli!The saving grace and main reason I might venture back is the wait staff and the quality of the show.  The staff is very talented (both on and off stage) and quite attentive.All in all, $85 for 5 hours of dinner & live entertainment is a good deal, just make sure you get your own table or get to the theater extra early to line up to get your desired seats.
5	This is a beautiful theatre and a great place for a night out with someone you really like...so get a table for two instead of the bigger tables (you'll be sitting with people you don't know versus just the two of you.)  I love getting dressed up and going to this dinner threatre.  The music is performed live by an orchestra from the pit and the actor's singing and dancing is sure to put a smile on your face!  Everyone is so nice there.  The house managers are so nice and accommodating.   Plus the food is great and the waiters are very professional and nice also.   So far I've seen 42 Street and My Fair Lady.   Hope to see more in the future.
3	What could go better together than dinner and a show?I have been here a handful of times and I have enjoyed it! The only reason I rate it "okay" rather than "fantastic", I suppose, is that the food is not really that great. If you're hungry, I suggest that you eat pre-show. They do the meal in courses, which isn't bad, but the amount of food is not really plentiful. If you eat a lot of food, you won't dig it. Other than that, the shows are really great and I have a pretty good time when I am there. I will definitely be back soon.
5	I  just love Arizona Broadway Theather!  I have been to about 7 shows over the last year and find them wonderful!  Cast members are standing out in the lobby after the show .....very inviting and friendly.Parking is easy (& free)....and  the service is excellent.
1	Went last night to watch The Full Monty, which was excellent, however, the food was terrible.Firstly I ordered a Martini which could not have had ANY alcohol at all, it tasted like fruit juice. They took it back and I had some wine. My wife and I had different dishes and they both were obviously pre-cooked; the food was bland, warm, tasteless and poorly presented.If you want to watch a great show, go and see the Full Monty, but, as other customers have recommended, do NOT eat there, it is way overpriced for the quality of food and presentation so eat first and enjoy the show with a nice drink - not Martini though!!
3	Great excuse to dress up. High quality professional theatre productions with dinner.
4	Great place for dinner and a show without having to go very far. Food is good, but not great. Have taken family to the shows for Christmas and birthdays. It is always a great evening out together.
5	Just saw Steel Magnolias there tonite.  What a fantastic performance/evening out.  Not my first time here and always well worth the drive from Tempe.  This play was perfectly cast, directed and set designed.  It relies exclusively on the dialogue and ensemble cast and I was left thinking that every one of the actresses was as good as those stellar actresses in the film and some surpassed those performances.  The gal playing Shelby was better in this role than Julia Roberts was in the film in my opinion.  They were all just perfect.I love how the Chef creates a menu that is designed around the theme of the show--the red velvet roulade cake was amazing and fun as it was an element of the story.  So glad I went out to AZ Broadway Theatre this evening--it was truly a special evening and I will be thinking about that play for a long time.
4	Ive been to many many shows here (it helps that my BFF keeps getting cast here).They food is always great, although their cheesecake leaves MUCH to be desired. All the other desserts Ive tried have been delicious though.I love that they have signature drinks for each show, so cute!The shows are are always above average to great great great. My opinion of this always includes the quality of the script as well as the overall production, but thats just me.Theyre definitly the superior dinner theater in the valley.
3	Saw Sunset Boulevard Saturday night.  I like the venue and enjoyed the show on the whole.  But I hated the gothic appearance of the set where at least that gorgeous puffy white couch stood out.  And I hated the appearance of Norma, her weird wig and headdresses and bouffant clothes..until she wore those white silky pants.  Things got better after that.  It's been years but I seem to recall more gauzy deco attire on Swanson.  Did like the writer in the Bill Holden role except I couldn't figure out why every time he kissed a woman he wiped his mouth for five minutes.  Only man I ever saw do that was gay.
4	Great show (Odd Couple) last night!  Enjoyed it tremendously.  The cast was excellent and the service was excellent.  The quality of the food, however, is deteriorating.
5	Went to "oklahoma".  It was fabulous!  As good as going to Broadway itself.  We did not have the meal  (lunch).  Everything was first class;  music, acting, the sets.
4	I got Annie tickets for my birthday.  I was so excited.  We got here and it was very nice set up.  We walked in to the main theatre and it was dinning tables set up and classy set up.  Loved the feel of the place.  Everyone was dressed up nicely.  We had pretty good seats.  The staff was great.
4	This is a great venue to watch a show.  I saw Oklahoma! and they did an outstanding job!  I would rate it five stars, but the food was just okay.  I wish there was a larger selection.
4	This is hands down one of my favorite places to go in Phoenix!  I got lucky buying a Groupon for Annie (I didn't even know the Arizona Broadway Theatre existed), and was thoroughly entertained!  It was fun to get dressed up to have dinner, then see a show right after...loved the concept.  I had such a great time I ended up reserving a table for 6 to their New Year's Eve "Vegas" themed show for my family who came to town for the holidays.  My parents thought it was the best time they have ever had for NYE, and are still talking about it!  I would have given it 5 stars but the food leaves something to be desired.  I warned them it would be bland and not great, but the place is so well put together and so entertaining, it's easy to overlook the quality of the food and have a great time!The salads are good, and desserts are hit and miss.
5	Was there when ABT openned.  Went back for Hello Dolly.   They were good when they openned.  This show was great!  I highly recommend this musical.  Well done!A surprise to find in Az.  Go!
4	I went just last night for the first time to see the opening of Into the Woods with a good friend who got tickets through her work.  This is a fantastic venue that does a really really nice job with their production.  The set was phenomenally done and the singing/acting of the cast was especially good.  One would not expect to find something like this outside of the downtown area in a non-conventional theatre.  My friend and I got there at the start of dinner service, which I DO NOT recommend doing!  You see, that means we were in our seats from about 5:30 all the way to the end of the show...at 10:30.  While the seats are pretty cushy, they are not theatre seats, but rather dinner seats (with more cushioning than usual).  But sitting in these seats for almost 5 hours straight (I think I got up once during intermission) was painful.  It didn't help that we were in the back of one of the decks, so we had a step right in front of our table.  When we turned our chairs for the show, that meant there was about 6 inches of space for my feet to sit.  I couldn't get comfortable as I would have at a show in a traditional theatre.  By the way, they serve dinner till 7, so get there a little later, since the show starts at 7:30.That aside, this was a great experience to be had in AZ.  The food was what killed it...completely....as so many others have said here.  It started off well with the coconut shrimp appetizer.  I really wish I would have just ordered 3 or 4 plates of that to spare me from my super dry teriyaki pork (no pineapples or chunks of anything fun on top) and over-salted fingerling potatoes.  My friend had their chicken, which was a little less dry and had a tastier sauce, but her rice pilaf was waaaaay overdone.  Our desserts were a little bit better, but not by much.  The apple crisp lacked the flavor crisps should have and my lemon cookie was very lemony.  It seems the price tag for the tickets pays the actors and employees of ABT, rather than the quality of food.  AKA, it's a bit like a banquet hall who pumps out food quickly.I did love my Limelight Margarita though!!!  Everyone should go to ABT at least once.  It's pretty pricey, so take 4 people (not 2) because you can split the cost of the table.  Appetizers and upgraded entrees (like prime rib and steak) are extras as well as the drinks.
3	wonderful venue but food/drinks suck royal.  will try this again, but eat dinner elsewher.
5	Me and 3 girlfriends went to see Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat last night and had the BEST time. The play was awesome, the food was delicious (I had chicken noodle soup and the vegetarian lasagna), the server was friendly and attentive... We all had such a great time! I can't wait to come back and see Seven Brides for Seven Brothers a the beginning of 2014!
5	Awesome time! Great food and drinks! We saw Joseph and it was an amazing production!! Are seats were great! I took my mother for her birthday! It was a great night! You must go and if you are looking for a great deal, look on groupon!! The staff was very nice also!
5	I have to tell the truth and the truth is I did not want to go I am a grown man yet at the mercy of my wife These tickets have already been purchased there are no refunds and I just wanted to Stay home and watch sports center but I didn't I put on my Suit and tie and proceeded to the theater with my wife and we sat in comfortable The most amazing work ever useats it was a nice relaxing experience but the show actually amazed I didn't want to like it I didn't plan Liking it but then I have to say at the end I absolutely loved it kudos to everyone working as actors they do that
2	I had a wonderful time and certainly enjoyed the Trailer Park Musical. I am not critiquing the play only the food. It's possible to see the show without a meal but you'd have to drive here and find out if tickets are available. Your ticket without a meal will coast somewhere around $20.00 less.You receive a menu of included starters and entrees and you can also add on appetizers, upgrade your Entrees $10.-$14.@ and add desserts or specialty drinks. We just went with the included foods.Everyone starts with a salad or Vegetable Beef Soup. We both picked salads, they were OK the menu states that the French Dressing is home made.I tried the chicken cacciatore. The chicken didn't have a natural taste to it and I don't know but think it was injected with something but I don't know what it was, it wasn't a chicken taste. This dish was very bland and seemed free of salt and pepper. The sauce was thick almost like tomato paste. It was edible and better than a frozen dinner but that's about it. My plate did come with roasted red skin potatoes that really did taste good after a dose of salt and pepper. The plate came with a creamed corn casserole. I don't know how they made it but it tasted like a box of cake mix, a box of corn muffin mix , a can of creamed corn, mixed with sour cream and baked. It possibly  was a recipe from Sandra Lee of Semi Home Made. My husband tried the Beef Tenderloin Kabob that also came with the same potatoes and corn casserole. The beef was OK but very well done also bland but it had this thick beef gravy on it that tasted very generic.A table across from us had a visitor that they knew and they asked her how the Baby Back Ribs were and she didn't say anything but made this movement with her wrist like she was turning a dial back and forth. I almost peed my pants I thought hat was funny!Well it was a good time out!The food is edible but not the best.
5	Arizona Broadway Theater is truly one the entertainment gems in the valley.  If you have never been there, you will be in for a real treat.  Outstanding performances, and really great food.  The past two years they have prepared the best prime rib we have had in metro Phoenix. I give it "5" stars.Bill C.
4	We have seen Singing in the Rain and Sunset Blvd here. Singing in the Rain was really good and the big scene where he dances was awesome because they really made it rain indoors! S Blvd was ok but the story line wasn't as exciting. The acting was still good however.
5	This review might be a bit unique, since I came here not to watch a program, but a private event in which I was part of one! In show business, the slightest misstep can be an embarrassing eyesore, and I have to say that the staff here was more efficient and helpful than those running behind the curtains at any auditorium I've seen. My mic was hot when and only when I needed it to be, transitions between lighting were flawless, and as a result, the attention of the audience was unwavering. When you're rubbing elbows with the valley's premier philanthropists and politicians, only the best will do! And this is Yelp, so of course you wanna hear about the food, right? Before shuffling to the extravagant encore room, I only had time to peck at my exquisite entree of steak, a chicken cutlet, flavorful mash, and the most amazing grilled carrots and squash I could hope for. Yum. Service was top-notch, which an abundance of bussers swiftly meeting every demand between brief intermissions.The tapas, however, were legendary. Bacon-wrapped tilapia and scrumptious pork empanadas were simply out of this world, with stunning presentation to match. Guests enjoyed these in the atmosphere, washing them down with a variety of libations from the swank bar. On an avenue of strip malls with an auspicious lack of culture, ABT is an oasis for fine arts, or more appropriately, the finer things in life itself. Whether it's an amazing show full of talent, or a private event, I would recommend this to anyone with the class to appreciate the good life. It's as good as it gets!
5	I have now been to three shows here at ABT and I do have to say I have not been disappointed yet. I am so happy that my sister found such a neat little place for us to hang out. We first saw Jekyll and Hyde a few years ago I have to say that is when I fell in love with ABT. It was so amazing!! The actors/actresses were amazing and the food was great too. In 2013 we went and saw Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat. I loved every minute of it. I grew up listening to the music and was thrilled to finally be able to see it for myself. Tonight we went to watch Seven Brides for Seven Brothers. It was beyond expectations. The cast was perfect and the dancing amazing. The food was delicious and the
3	Great local place for a show.
4	Five star show two or three star food. The service is great.
5	Have had season tickets for years and always had a good time. Food is excellent. Only had 1 bad dessert, brownie that was dry. Nice selections on the menu. Shows are wonderful but would like to see something besides musicals. Service from box office to volunteers to wait staff have always been excellent. A great place to go and look forward to all our shows. Also found out that there is a student price if you bring your student id. Well worth the visit.
4	Wonderful local theatre!!! All the Box office people are great, and I can see why there are a lot of volunteers... You don't have to travel into the city to enjoy exciting shows performed and executed brilliantly by local performers and visiting professionals!  It's always a great time.  There's a beautiful bar in the lobby and they have theme cocktails for every show! The food service is excellent.  I would have given five stars but the food quality is not superb. Not bad, but not anything to write home about... The youth programs that are extremely well run (my daughter was in one) and they even offer scholarships so everyone can participate!  VERY cool. We plan to be 14-15 season ticket holders and we'll continue to support this community gem. :-)
5	Just saw Young Frankenstein, the musical.....  Mel Brooks movie on Stage!  Great Show....funny, sassy and entertaining. Food consistently good, although not a destination restaurant.....   Closest thing to Broadway in AZ......  Professional actors, not community theater.
5	I have seen many productions at this theare and have enjoyed them all.  The food is very good and the staff is super.  I especially like the youth theare in the summers.  My daughter and niece have performed and had great experiences.
5	Our second visit.  We must admit we buy show only tickets, so stars are based mainly on the show, having many bad experiences with steam table dinner theatre meals in the past.  However, the menu here, which is part of the program, does look way above usual fare, with table service, so we may try the full ticket next time, although pricey.  However, we probably spent about the same amount dining locally prior to the show.  We were able to have a glass of wine before and dessert during intermission.  I appreciated the sugar-free dessert option, which was a delicious cheescake, and may wife had "Meh" butter pecan gelato.  It was interesting on the menu that you can upgrade your appetizer or your entree for a rather high additional cost on top of the initial meal and show ticket!  Server Elizabeth was great.Now to the show:  "Young Frankenstein," the musical which we had seen before, but never so close up (if you buy show only tickets they give you front row!).  It was so professional and funny, vintage Mel Brooks humor.  The cast was flawless and so professional--only the actor playing the Creature was Equity, but the rest of them should have been.  Especially outstanding were Igor, Inga, Frau Bruecher and Kemp, as well as Frederick.  We laughed hard all night--although my wife mentioned some offense at the raucous Mel Brooks suggestive and blatant humor.  Last year we saw "Joseph...,Dreamcoat" and it was spectacular too.  We were at the same table but this year we were more separated because the pit was open and was between us and the edge of the stage, so better.  You only have this week to join in the fun, so hurry!
4	What a wonderful experience! I came to see The Secret Garden with my daughter. It was an awesome date night. Service was great, and the play was phenomenal. My daughter read the book and was truly enchanted by seeing the production.The food itself was so so and makes for a feel that you're over paying. The overall experience is great, though I may not come as often as I would like because of the price.
5	My mom and I have been here 3 times now and we love it! We used to always go to dinner then go to plays but this is a one stop shop! The food has been excellent every time and I love that they bring out dessert during intermission. The actors are wonderful! Really great quality and everything we've seen so far has been good. We went to Peter Pan yesterday and I loved it, my favorite though so far has been seven brides for seven brothers. Highly recommend! We are looking into getting season passes :-)
2	I bought my ticket on-line and it said 12pm, that is the time that they serve the lunch. The actual time for the performance was 2 pm. when going to this theatre call the box office is you choice to go just for the performance. I talked with the manager about this and he wasn't at all concerned about a customers experience. This wasn't a good experience for me, so I don't recommend it.
5	This was our first time here and we loved it! We did not do the dinner with the show but next time we will. We saw Angry Housewives. It was hilarious!! The theatre is nice with friendly staff. We will be back for more shows for sure.
5	For Thanksgiving this year we headed to Arizona.  my brother lives about 25-30 minutes from this Theatre.  we decided to go because he said it is dinner and a show.  i have  never experienced the two for a "Broadway" show.My brother has been here numerous times with friends or his fiance'.  He really spoke highly of it and said I will enjoy it.  So i took my little brothers advice and held him to it. Before we entered the theatre the lobby was nicely decorated in full swing for Christmas! There was a table full of merchandize to be auctioned. The staff was very polite and friendly.  There is a nice amount of high top tables near the bar area and a little couch area that is in front of the box office. We saw White Christmas.  My brother stated  for every show he has been to the menu is different.  The theatre changes the menu based on that play.  Since we saw White Christmas  this is some items they have on the menu: Vermont cheddar soup, Vermont saladHavarti chickenham steak and cinnamon applespeppermint cheesecake, pumpkin cranberry cake, decadent flour less chocolate cakeWallace and Davis drinkhappy holiday nogthis is to name a few!  bty the way the menu is inside the middle of your playbill.  Our waiter was Billy and  our server Kennedy there were great super friendly, the water kept getting refilled and Billy made some great recommendations!What i love about this Theatre is anywhere you sit you have a great view.  All the tables are set up so no one is blocking your view!  White Christmas was a great play the set and actors were excellent!  after the first half of the show, that is when the dessert course comes out.   for my food i ordered  Vermont salad, salmon and flourless chocolate cake. to drink i had the Wallace and Davis which was amazing! i think i want to re-create itat the end of the play as we exited back into the lobby some of the actors/actresses were outside and everyone was shaking their hands and taking photos.  they were celebrities.  Might i  also add they were a lot taller in person!Next time i will come to visit my brother i will make sure we go again!  it was really  a great experience and worth the money!!! from a New Yorker who has seen many Broadway/Off Broadway plays this is one is definitely on my favorite play list!!!Great Job Arizona Broadway Theatre!!!
5	Great experience. I was traveling from CA, and so glad someone in my travels told me about this. Saw the White christmas Musical. 100% worth going. I wish I lived closer so I could come back for the upcoming show King and I.
3	4-5 Stars for Theatre production2 stars for dinner.  We paid $$$ for balcony seating, our server Palo was nice but highly unorganized.  Our food was cold, our glasses empty, to the point where I took my glasses down to their beverage station and waited while he filled them and I took them back to our table.  Dessert ?  We never got a chance to order dessert.  I'd go back for a show but I wouldn't do another 5hours for dinner and show.
