4	I do love this place but I'm only going for 4 stars as this review is based on takeaway, not the full restaurant experience.It has been opened now for about a year and replaced Oscars on Slateford Road. There is a restaurant which seems to do pretty good business. I popped in before 7 on a Friday for a takeaway and it was pretty full which is always a good sign, with lots of other popping in to collect takeaway too.Their takeaways are awesome. First visit at New Years was for meal deal for 2 and we added extra bits (pakora, naan, extra rice) on to make it a meal for 3 - seriously, there was tons of food, even feeding three with pub munchies, meant there was still another meal and a bit left for another day. Meat is cooked amazingly - we had a chicken korma and there was a lamb dish with mint whose name escapes me. I would never order lamb normally and didn't intend on even trying it but it was awesome. Totally melt in the mouth gorgeousness. I tried to look for it last night but probably missed it on the menu due to tiredness and starvation so I opted for a chicken dupiaza. It was lovely, subtly spiced tomatoey sauce with huge chunks of tender chicken and slices of red and green peppers and onions - yum! I ordered boiled rice to go with it and when I opened the bag at home, not only did I have my order, but a 2 little tubs containing a chopped onion salad and some mango chutney. I think this is a Jashans thing as there is always some kind of salad and sauce thing that comes extra which is a nice touch. So, yep, Jashans is worth checking out. There are deals on for the restaurant on Sundays, and lunchtimes during the week,if you fancy a bargain lunch treat. The staff are lovely and the restaurant is really nicely decorated, very modern, but with lots of red, orange and gold accents to reflect the Indian and Bangladeshi theme.
3	I was really happy to see a curry house open on Slateford road, in part it always struck me as odd that there are 4 (now 5 I think) Chinese style takeaways or restaurants yet no Indian...However Jashans is a mixed bag, I can't fault the quality of the meat and the milder curries are decent however the spicier dishes lack any differentiation outside of an extra chopped chili or some chunks of garlic, they all use the same base sauce giving no depth to the flavour. Perhaps the demand simply isn't there for the spicier dishes and thus when one is ordered it is an exception, however this doesn't excuse that it  feels like there is a lack of care in these dishes.Jashans is ideal for those that enjoy milder curries, but if you are looking for something a little hotter (madras or similar) there are definitely better places.
3	it was sunday night, it was late, it was cold, it had been snowing on and off all weekend, neither me or my boyfriend could face cooking dinner so we decided to finally try jashans which had opened up down the street from his flat a number of months ago.  we phoned our order in and headed over to pick it up.i was a bit shocked entering the restaurant itself, as it really rather quite posh looking.  all rich sumptious colours and dark wooden tables.  i was definitely impressed, perhaps less so when we had at least three different waiters come up to us to ask what our take away order was.  um we already ordered and we are just waiting for the food now... it also took about three attempts to pay.  about 10 minutes after our arrival though, we had paid and the food was brought to us and we hopped in the car to head home.i unpacked the items which included poppadums, onion salad, garlic chicken, green herb chicken, saag aloo, pilau rice, and a peshwari naan.  i did like that the food came in tupperwares which meant for less chance of an accidental spillage while carrying it from car to flat, but i found that the food was barely on the hot side, more warm moving to room temperature.to be fair the curries were perfectly nice and i really enjoyed the naan, it was lovely and coconuty and sweet but without that weird hideous orange dyed coconut colour that you usually get.  but i felt like this place fell short of the other amazing curry houses that edinburgh has to offer as i can really only describe my meal as nice and not overly memorable.  it was also a bit more expensive than i would have expected for a takeaway.  so sadly, it's only A-OK and i may encourage my boyfriend to order from a different establishment the next time we opt for an indian to take away.
4	So I have ventured back into Jashans twice this year and all I can add to my original review is that the hotter curries have improved enough to warrant another star. I have had a vindaloo and a madras and there were subtle differences in the flavour and just the right difference in heat, tasty!Thing is while I am happy to say the restaurant has improved, this could be bad for my waistline as I live just round the corner... Oh well, it is always good to have another option for curry.
