4	This is my second favorite grocery store after Trader Joe's.  Their slogan is "serious food at silly prices" and in most cases it's true. Good wine selection, nice meats and cheeses. The main thing that makes me drive over here is the imported Italian canned tomatos and Polly-O ricotta. The tomatos are expensive, but worth it...for an extra buck and a half a week the improvement in our Sunday tomato sauce is appreciable. Polly-O has always been the brand of ricotta my family used in NY, and when we moved out West, suddenly we were cut off, and had to make do with whatever else was around. So, I was pretty geeked when I saw it. They also have stuff for the granolas, flaxseed cereal and that kind of crap, but is is the Italian stuff (sausages, cheese, pomodori pelati, etc) that keeps me coming back. That, and the bottled Kombucha tea.
4	This place is great. granted they have a small selection of items but they have the BEST fresh fruits and veg tables. The best cuts of MEAT and a REAL butcher. DID I mention you always get front-row parking. They have some very unique brands and very reasonable prices. You may not be able to get everything on the grocery list but the stuff you do get is well worth the trip. INCH thick Porterhouse steaks get me there every time.
3	I like this place a lot. They don't always have everything you need and last time I was in there I was trying to find an ancho chili and the guy working in the produce section had no idea, I kind of wish he would have made an effort to find out for me. At the tropicana location I always had better luck with service.This is a nice little market, you might same some money here. They don't have everything under the sun but what they do have is fresh, natural, organic, all that good stuff!
5	I have food allergies galore, in fact my household is plagued with them. Sunflower Market is my saving grace! Reasonable prices, friendly employees and excellent sales! Buy the reusable bags and get .20 cent bag credit each time you bring them back with you and use them. Their meat is also fantastic! My favorite sale item is Lobster Tails for $4.99 but a couple of weeks ago they had them on special for $2.99! I'm still kicking myself for missing that week. I just returned from a shopping trip where they had eggs on sale for .99 cents! Cage free organic eggs, thank you very much! They were out but an employee (Robie, I think) disappeared into the bowls of the store room and brought us out a box to choose some WITHOUT BEING ASKED! Folks, that never happens in Vegas. You won't see someone going the extra mile. Even better than the prices is the fact that people are sincere about liking their jobs and as you know positive energy is contagious. Let us not forget the excellent vitamin and supplement section. I'm the supplement queen and spend a good portion of each visit browsing the section and it's convenient that they always have a vitamin person manning the section to answer your question. If they can't answer your question, they actually find the answer for you. I give it my highest recommendation!
4	Probably the only decent green grocer in town, outside of visiting the ethnic supermarkets. They won't rip you off on fresh produce here, and the boxed goods are usually undermarked from Whole Foods to stay competetive.What I don't want to say: this Sunflower, like any good green grocer, is in a part of town that has a bit of sketch. There have been a couple of times I've seen the cops nearby, and/or been bugged by the less savory on/near the store. Having lived in some rough places, I find it charming and the store is often rougher with the bad customers than I, hippy liberal, appreciate. Probably to make their regular clientele feel super safe, they're obviously aware of it and on the ball. Still, I can't help but feel it should be mentioned because Las Vegas is full of yuppies.Tips: Wendsday is flier double-dip day. Get the new and old discounts on the same day. The bulk food is really a good deal here too. We get pounds and pounds of rice varieties for damned cheap.
4	I wish we had one of these or better yet a Glaziers closer to us. Still on the weekends we try to stop by. Sausages are good- lamb and basil were yummy and the meat selection is fresh.I havent tried any of their marinated meats though...I tend to like to do that myself. Produce is pretty decent selection and fresh- some things I cant find elsewhere like sunchokes. I particularly like the bulk bins- good prices on different beans, rice, pastas, flours. I love that I can just get what I need...dangerous though are the snack type things in the bin. The BF is such a snack man. Some boxed goods are cheaper than Whole Foods. Some beers,at least the Dogfish Head was, cheaper here than Lee's Liquidation across the street! Overall good market. It's a short ways from the Asian markets so I can hit up various places to complete our ecletic cooking tastes and needs.
4	If you are looking for quality produce for a cheap price point,  head on over to either location of the Sunflower Market.  There really have an amazing selection of everything fruit and veggies that you need and more.  id compare it to whole foods except for the ambience of the store is not even close to as classy as a whole foods....   Still... i like it here.
4	What I like most about this place is that it's not commercial like all the other chains. I like he selection of fresh produce, which feels like it was picked at the farmers market. The nuts and snack choices are plentiful in tubs or you can buy them pre-packaged. Great place to shop. Fair prices. * Sometimes like to grab the turkey cranberry wrap in the deli section for lunch. Good stuff.
4	Sunflower Market is definitely my favorite place to get fresh fruits and veggies without spending an arm & a leg! Wednesday are Double Ad Wednesday, meaning the sales from last week and this week are in effect! I usually try to go on Wednesday, but of course, it is a lot more busier on Wednesdays. The quality of the vegetables aren't always the best, but you need to do some digging. I see the same quality fruits and veggies at my local Smiths for at least a $1-2 more! Compared to Fresh & Easy, I don't have to worry about the products that I buy being expired. (Happened to me one too many times at F&E)They have pre-made foods & soups. I once got their homemade hummus and it was AWFUL! That was the last time I ever bought anything from that pre-made section. I should have returned it because, honestly it tasted like feet to put it nicely. I love the bulk food section where they have nuts, seeds, legumes, grains, flour, sugar, snacks, etc. They have a pretty decent section of wines and alcohol as well. I love that they have pretty decent quality fresh produce as well as bulk all for an affordable price compared to Whole Foods which always leaves me broke and unsatisfied!
4	I live up in the middle of nowhere (NW), but the drive down to the Sunflower Market is always worth the trouble.Produce is relatively cheap (depending on what you are looking for). The meat and deli section is FANTASTIC! The bulk bins are the best in all of Vegas (IMHO) and the most delicious item in the world resides in this store "Sour Belts"...look for them, then send me a compliment for introducing these belts of glory to your palate. I don't take credit for discovering them because that belongs to the lovely Arlene on my kickball team.Sign up for their e-mail newsletter and follow them on facebook/twitter. That's where they put up their deals of the week. This week....I bought 10 ears of corn for a buck. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? EFFING AMAZING!!Ok, back to earth. The bathrooms are clean, no bugs, and the staff is friendly. The best analogy? I'm going to have to channel my inner 90's kid.....Trader Joes=AOL Sunflower Market=InternetBoth are good, both are functional, but Sunflower is the way to go.
2	Enh. I had such high hopes for this place. The produce can be cheaper than most places. But most everything I've ever purchased here has been disappointing.Selection is mediocre.There's just nothing wonderful about this place, despite all the hype when they opened.Stick to Glaziers, Whole Foods, or Trader Joes.
4	This was my first trip to Sunflower Markets... I may have found my new go to grocery store.They have a wide variety of AFFORDABLE organics.  Everything from produce to baby products and house cleaning materials...On Wednesdays they honor the advertised prices from "last week's circular" and "this week's circular" which is pretty cool. For example: they had chicken on sale this week for 67-cents/pound for whole chickens.  So I pretty much went just for the chicken.  I found medium sized raw shrimp on sale for $2.99/pound as it was advertised last week.Long story short, I went in for chicken and came out with a cartful of goodies: 2 lbs shrimp for $6, organic veg-fruit juice for my daughter for 99cents a 32-ounce bottle, Organic crisped rice and yogurt bars 6-pack for 99cents and 4 whole "natural" chickens for $2 a piece (I love a bargain and I know how to use my freezer ;) )I'll give it a couple more visits before I bump it up to 5star status.Bottom Line:Come to Sunflower Market if you want affordable, healthy, natural foods.
4	Today was my first visit to Sunflower Market.  The Better Half (TBH) shops here all the time, but I've never joined her until today.She had a short list of items to get, so I decided to wander around a bit.  The produce section was really amazing.  It's hard to find good, fresh produce in Vegas....we're in the middle of the desert and for some reason stores can't keep it fresh.  Well, that's not the case here....the Bell Peppers were in great shape....large, plump, ripe, and had just the right texture.  We're huge fans of Mushrooms and found the Mushroom section to be extraordinary....many of the markets in town have slimy Mushrooms which have been sitting a while....not here, they were all good!I moved on to the Salsa section....which was a little disappointing....not much of a selection here....I think I'll stick with Trader Joe's....I bought a small jar of Organic Spicy Chipotle Salsa and tried it when I got home with some homemade Nachos.....the Salsa was bland and wasn't Spicy at all....disappointing.The Meats section was amazing here....great selection of Fresh Sausage....we didn't need any, but I will be coming back before our next Cookout at home or next Italian dinner night.TBH got her shopping list completed.....Tofu ~check~, All Natural Yogurt ~check~, Bag of Potatoes ~check~, Eggs ~check~....and a bunch of other stuff I can't remember right now.  I took a few pictures because the store was so clean and I loved their produce displays....but got scolded by an employee who said Asian business owners from other cities come here to Spy on them and steal ideas on how to setup their stores.....seriously?  Anyway, I abided by his orders and stopped taking pics....but that was after I already took a bunch...ha!Will I return?  You bet!....wish it was closer to my house though....
5	Admittedly, I love Sunflower Market. I can't really find anything about this place that I don't like. I do most of our household's grocery shopping here and Smith's with an occasional trip to Glazier's. I don't mind going to multiple stores, and don't expect one store to carry everything I need. However, Sunflower comes close to this. My favorite things about Sunflower:1) Its close to my house - I've walked before.2) Its a Colorado based company (being from Colorado, this is always a good thing)3) I really enjoy their store brand items. The salsa is some of my favorite. 4) They have a better beer selection than any grocery store in town, save Whole Foods. 5) They are inexpensive when it comes to quality food items. They also have a large selection of beauty items that are much cheaper than Whole Foods (i.e. Dr. Bronner's magic soap runs about $2-3 cheaper here than Whole Foods). 6) They have very good produce, and a great selection. 7) They are a very responsible store and company. They care about social issues, and do a lot for the local community here in Las Vegas.I also find the staff here to be very friendly and helpful, more than any other grocery store I've shopped at in town. I am very thankful that this is my corner grocery store.
3	We came looking for some leftover fresh natural turkey. I didn't do a Thanksgiving feast and family wanted steaks but I'll be damned if I don't get turkey so I at least wanted to go grab a breast. So I got my large turkey breast. Veggies didn't look good- organic or conventional.I gotta go elsewhere (whole foods) for veggies to accompany the meal. This isn't the first time recently where I passed on a veggie, but this time I couldn't find one thing I was happy with. I wanted kale and they had 5 kinds, but they were wilting. Green beans- none. Broccoli- no bueno. Cauliflower- meh. If I'm in that area and need a few small groceries, then maybe I'll drop on in for things like the sausages or the beauty products but I don't think I'll be making a drive down here to try to do a full menu anymore.
4	What is Natural?Sunflower Market is a refreshing change from the generic drag of most supermarkets.  The store is laid out much like a market would be, with islands of produce, a fish monger and butcher, and only a few aisles.  It is a relaxing layout compared to Smiths and Albertsons.As far as the quality of produce and meats here, it is generally better than Smiths and Albertsons, and competetively priced.  Whole Foods has the best (        ) fill in the blank, but the prices also reflect this.  Sunflower Market boasts that they carry "Natural" meats.  I find this term to be entirely ambiguous.  What does natural mean?  Is the meat still intensively farmed?  How were the animals treated?  When I asked the butcher, he had little answers for me.  I will say it generally looks better than what you may find elsewhere, but I'm not sold its better quality.Good place to stop in for delicious bulk goods, fresh produce, and inexpensive wine.  If you're looking for some very specific protein (grass fed organic beef, Bone-in Chicken Breasts, etc..) go elsewhere.  Otherwise this is a great spot to add some variety to your weekly menu.
5	May I just say that I've always been an Albertson's and Smith's and Walmart fan.  However, after watching too many documentaries about where the produce and meats come from and how they're grown, I decided to rethink my grocery shopping companies.  My step-dad loves to shop in Sunflower Farmers Market.  He says the produce are straight from good farms.  I don't know how true this is, but I figured I'd try it out.  Plus, I have an old coworker who swears by this grocery store.It's only been a little over a month since I decided to try different avenues.  I must say that I'm starting to get hooked on this particular grocery store.  The people who work here will definitely try to help you out with information about their produce and products.  If they don't know the answer, they'll find a way to get it for you.  It's always clean and very easy to find what I'm looking for.  The produce are always stocked up fresh.  I haven't found any fruits and vegetables that looked like they'd been there since last year.  They let you try a piece of cheese and sandwich meats if you want.  Oh, the Olive Station is also awesome.  They have toothpicks for you to try it out before deciding to purchase.  I could stay there all day since I love olives so very much.  :)I also love the fact they have Organic Milk, and Ethnic foods.  It literally says Ethnic.  For those who love wine, they have a good selection of it and can even get the special of 3 for $10 from time to time.  I am impressed by the fact they promote small entrepreneurs products.  There's just so much variety and different brands.Only downfall I can see is that their juices are super expensive.  It almost made me want to go to Albertson's, Smith's, and Walmart to buy it.  I'm holding out of course.
3	I ran in here quickly tonight to get some half and half and berries I had forgotten to get when I was shopping.  It was near closing, and one set of doors was locked.  Only a small inconvenience.Since I wasn't looking for much fresh produce, almost their raison d'etre, my rating is not as high as it might be if I was buying fruits and vegetables.The produce looked good, but it was only a cursory glance as I was on my way home from a show and I wasn't doing shopping for more than a few items.I found what I needed, looked at a couple other items, and then went to check out.  There, I heard a woman tell an employee about being bothered by a panhandler in the parking lot.  The employee checked the parking lot and he assured her no one was there now.I offered to walk her to her car and I waited while she got in and then drove away.  The location can be iffy for a woman at night.  The place is a bit pricey, too!  If I pay these prices, I want to be shopping at Whole Foods in Summerlin.
5	Not as awesome as some other food coops and natural markets, but as far as cost and overall quality, this is one of the best grocery stores in Vegas.
4	Some say retail therapy is the best prescription for a crummy day, I would agree, but sometimes a supermarket can be even better. Everyone needs to eat and cooking should be a joy in life. Growing up with a chef for a father and a mother than could rival him any day, the love of food has always been an intricate part of my life.I would rather go to Chinatown for my produce because it can get rather pricey here. What Sunflower Market lacks in, they make up for in specialty health food items. I am not a fan of paying an arm and a leg for getting essential necessities. I dislike places like Whole Foods that monopolize on people's desire to live a better lifestyle. Instead of paying the eight dollars for bulgar wheat, I will come here, and buy it for five. Next to Trader Joe's, this place is the best place to pick up vegan friendly foods that you would pay dearly for at other places. Grab a few of the snacks that they have up front. Their veggie chips are delicious. My friend loves the green beans, but everything in that plastic container is spectacular. The dried fruits are also a good buy. Do not buy any of the Asian snacks  though because you can get them cheaper at International Market.
5	amazing-marketclean and very well organized; organic foods;specialthy health items
4	I love this place. It has a great selection of organic produce, at prices that beat Whole Foods... for sure! Although the presentation is not as nice as Whole Foods, the produce is still better than a conventional grocery store and even a Fresh and Easy, cause at least it's organic. I can find all of my favorite brands of organic dairy (although not the raw milk that I used to buy in San Francisco...( sadly, raw milk is outlawed in the country bumpkin state of Nevada). They also have a great selection of beverages, nuts, seeds, soups and a pretty decent health and beauty and vitamin and supplement section. Their specials are pretty cool, although they sell out on items a lot, especially on health and beauty items,  so when you get the mailed circular, go in quickly if there is something you must have. A sales clerk gave me a great tip....go in on a Wednesday...it is the one day a week when they have two active circulars out, thus....they have double the amount of items on sale. Score! The check out people are pretty slow though. Prepare yourself.
4	I decided to cook tuna for dinner last night and ended up here. The tuna was suprisingly good and tasted fresh. I also bought  the rest of my organic goodies here including some veggies, nuts, herbs and fresh baked bread and cookies . It is a wee expensive(esp. the bread at 5 bucks a loaf!) but what organic products aren't expensive nowadays. Although I did find it cheaper than Whole Foods. I also found a small section that holds Asian goodies, like fish sauce and noodles but was ridiculously overpriced!The location itself is a bit run down and I found myself talking to a young lady who was looking for someone to buy her stuff (and this was inside, in front of the staff--this woman had balls!!) The lady over at the fish section was helpful in answering some questions we had and the line at the check-out didn't take very long (even though the lines were long). This market is definitely a good place to get organic goodies and fresh fish if you don't mind spending money. Like I've mentioned earlier, the location is not fancy so you might run into some strangers asking you to buy them things. =D
4	First time here and it won't be the last. Great deals and fresh products. OMG the "Just" chicken salad from the deli is the bomb. If i wasn't naked right now, I would be going back to the store buying more. This is the only store were I have been able to find my cliff white chocolate macadamia nut granola bar. That's a super plus. Also I am a huge fan of the Talenti gelato products. They actually had more flavors compared to other stores, so I didn't mind paying more. Yes I will be back (for the chicken salad)
4	One of my favorite places to grocery shop. They carry a nice variety of produce including lots of affordable, organic selections. The lines are short and the service is great.I shop here about once a week for a stock up trip, buying mostly fruits and veggies. The selections vary by season but they usually have a good variety of organic apples, pears, potatoes ( white, red and sweet) lots of greens and plenty of other root vegetables. The array of non-organic produce is much larger in comparison but they still have more offerings than the big chain stores in the area. They reward you for being environmentally responsible with a 10 cent discount for every reusable bag  you bring. So don't forget your bags and save some pocket change.
4	this stores great for both foods, daily needs and customer service! I only went in there for a few minutes but dealt with about 3 different people and all were absolutely great. everyone is so friendly and easy going.plus they sell hcg1234.im just sayin... =)
5	I have a very strict diet I have to stick with due to a few food allergies and intolerance's.  I also like to use natural and organic bath, body and home products. I like to order most of my stuff from Vitacost but I usually only do that once a month so during anytime I am between order's I come here. Their prices are a good bit cheaper overall then whole foods but the selection is not as big. Everyone who works here is really helpful and nice. Overall this is a really great store and I will continue to come here.
4	I haven't shopped at any other market since coming here. Everything is fresh, inexpensive and organic!! Everyone is always so nice when checking out and I love their "silly" prices....
4	I have been hooked on Sunflower Market since growing up in Colorado and I try to find one wherever I travel or move to.  This particular Sunflower Market wasn't quite as big as the one I used to frequent in Colorado but it's a decent size with a great selection and I find all kinds of wonderful things I cannot find at Whole Foods or Fresh and Easy.  For instance love those Vegetable Tamales and they have an amazing selection of produce yum. I can find anything that Whole Foods carries and more.  The only thing missing: samples and those ready to go meals otherwise this location is great.  The prices are CONSIDERABLY LOWER than Whole Foods.  Stop in and check it out for yourself. :)
3	I found great deals on stuff I don't normally find, like 10 for $10 on kettle cooked chips! Yum! And a great price on my favorite dark chocolate almond milk. This place though is definitely one that is off the beaten path, but if you are looking for a place to buy reasonably priced GLUTEN  FREE items, this is the place for you. You can find really great deals here, sadly though some of their "Normal" items are kind of pricey, which means it definitely is not a 1 stop Shop for me.
4	The prices and the selection are fantastic and the customer service is awesome.  My husband and I usually shop at a much more expensive national chain for organic food, but now that we have found Sunflower market, we will be doing our regular  weekly shopping here.  I mean, what's not to love - low prices, huge selection of organic foods and nice people.
4	I must say the prices and selection is priceless !! great place to get your health on !!
4	A cross between Trader Joe's and, for those of you that remember, Wild Oats from years gone by...I stop by here every now and then, usually for the produce. Sometimes they have deals that the larger chain stores just can't match. A lot of their stuff seems to come from Colorado so they must have a grower there or something.They cover the gamut of grocery store items but just small enough as not to be overwhelming. Nice selection of bulk goods, candy, grains, etc. One of the better prices for Quinoa that I've seen.I like their deli, always fresh. Their breads are decent if not a little expensive. They make their sausages on site and typically have sales going on for themOne of the main things here is in summer they do fire roast real New Mexico Hatch chiles in the parking lot and sell them rather cheaply. They freeze nicely so I always stock up! If you like peppers, you should check it out.Overall, seems to be pretty consistently good when I stop in.
4	Small market, but they have great produce at great prices.Good  bulk section where you can chose how much you want or need and fill your own bags with a selection of candy, nuts, flour, etc.Large selection of energy bars at good prices.Don't forget the deli sells delicious Boar's Head meats and cheeses at cheaper prices than the big chain stores.The store is a bit old but they keep it clean and the staff is always friendly.
5	Great fresh produce!! This is my favort market
4	Lots of good finds here. This market is small compared to Whole Foods, but it adds a much more personal feel to the food shopping experience. People are always on hand to answer questions and I've found the cashiers to be very engaging and energetic whenever I go.Prices are outrageously good for some items, like their gluten-free items. They usually have this gluten-free granola I like on sale, which is sold at a much higher price at other stores.
4	The fruits and vegetables are top notch.. super fresh at times kinda pricey but overall inexpensive.The meat and fish selection is also very good and that's where the prices kinda a bit more $$$, but with no hormones and free range chicken and fresh fish I think it worth the price.
5	The prices are a little high, but cheaper then Whole Foods.  I go to Sunflower, now called Sprouts every other day.  They have a large variety of Gluten Free and dairy free products.  My favorite part is that everything that is gluten free is labeled on the shelf, next to the price tag with a big GLUTEN FREE sticker.  The produce is significantly cheaper then a grocery store and the quality of the produce is fantastic!
2	I hadn't been in Sunflower for a month or two but knew it was soon to become a Sprouts...no worry, I really dont care about the name. I was under the impression this was going to be the same store with a new name. I don't think so. I found the quality of the produce to be no where near as good as previously and it seemed like prices on meat AND produce were up across the board. I don't buy many of the overpriced "healthier" pantry items here or any health stuff so I cannot comment on those. Maybe Im trippin...maybe I'm having some bullshit tree hugging corporate backlash here. I'll go back this weekend and try to give it another shot with an open mind.
