2	While on a business trip to Florence, and friend recommended 2 Mexican food restaurants in Florence. I've tried the other place (L & B Inn), so I thought I try this one. Bad choice. I had the red chili burrito with a side of rice. The red chili sauce was awful, and the rice was mushy and wet. I would definitely recommend L & B over Old Pueblo, at least for red chili burritos. There was a pretty good crowd in the place, so they must be doing something right. But not right by me.
3	The food here is pretty good, and it is a welcome departure from the bland Mexican chain restaurants in the phoenix area. Old Pueblo is pretty small, and it is always quite crowded, but it has a nice small town feel to it.
4	The place is small with a diner feel to it. The waitress Mayra was very friendly and recommended the enchiladas. I am not usually a fan of the enchilada - but she was so enthusiastic I ordered them. I was not disappointed!  The shredded beef was very favorable, tasted like pot roast. The cheese enchilada was delicious!  The sauce was good, salsa is homemade and very good with a little bit of a kick. We are glad we stopped here!
4	Had the enchiladas - cheese and shredded beef - and some mini chimichangas which were both good. Salsa is fresh and tasty. Friendly service. Will be back next time I'm in Florence!
1	We went to the Renaissance Festival and didn't want to stop and get fast food so we googled local restaurants and there weren't many choices.  We stopped here and that was a huge mistake.  The place wasn't very busy but it took almost an hour to get our food.  When it finally arrived, one plate was wrong and my son never received his.  The waitress blamed the slow service on the diabetic cook.  The lady who rung us up said the ktichen wasn't slow and proceeded to tell us our waitress didn't even put our entire order in after all.  We heard other tables complaining about the service too, many of them appeared to be locals.  Sad that in a local, small place like this the team cannot even get along and shifts the blame back and forth.  Besides the service, I tasted nothing special about the food and would never return.
3	Good mexican food. Busy place. Reasonable prices. I recommend it.
4	We go for the fresh tortillas, and sometimes just buy those and nothing else.  The place is a hole in the wall with charm, and the food is good - but the tortillas are AWESOME.
3	We went with a large group of people.  I called ahead and they had a table set up for us - service is very, very good.  We were promptly served our drinks, along with chips and salsa.  I liked the chips and salsa a lot.  I ordered a chile relleno and enchilada plate.  It was enough to feed at least two people.  The chile relleno was kind of weird ... like chile strips and cheese mixed together and fried up in a batter - it was OK but way too much cheese for me.  Same with the enchiladas - great sauce and tortillas, but very heavy on the cheese.  Next time I will order the enchiladas and ask for onion and light on the cheese.
3	I agree with several other reviews that the food could use a lot more seasoning but it was A-ok. The server was very friendly and the food was reasonably fast. The portions were good and the prices fair. The place looked clean and since I am stuck in Florence for work, it is a good little mexican food place to have nearby. I had the sredded beef burrito with green enchilada sauce. My two coworkers had the taco salads and said they were good as well. The chips and salsa were good as well!
4	Torture, as defined by Webster is the act of deliberately inflicting pain, which is exactly what I did Saturday.With #19 molar in need of an immediate extraction, I came here anyway, throbbing tooth and all. Big mistake. The pre-meal tortilla chips were difficult to resist, igniting nothing short of a masochistic dining event. The menudo was white and bland as hell, but the tripe was perfectly cooked. My wife's flauta's were crunchy enough to send me through the rafters with each torturous, but delicious bite. The only thing I could wolf handily was her refried beans and some handmade flour tortillas which were too, too good. I looked like Senator McCain after eating here, but it was worth it.
3	Had breakfast this morning with 3 adults and a small child. Food was very good, good waitress, but the kitchen was quite slow. Would definitely go back again and try lunch and dinner.
1	Made a mistake...thought this was the place I had been before several years back. It was not. The food was poor, they added on for sour cream, sauce on my burrito, beans, etc. the bill doubled. No mention of any additional costs by the waitress. The service was equally lacking. They simply didn't seem to care or be happy to be working there. Upon leaving...realized the place I meant to go was only two blocks farther up the street.
4	Service was a little slow but everybody was super nice and the food was delicious. Homemade tortillas, really greasy and yummy homemade chips. I had the eggschilada with hash browns. Cheesy gooey eggy goodness
3	We had lunch here a couple of years ago and were pleased and impressed so came back for an early dinner. On a Sunday night it was not busy though a half dozen tables came in at the same time as we did.  I asked about wine and they have a white and two reds.  My cabernet was Bogle which is ok. This place does serve beer and  mixed drinks too. Our server was friendly and efficient and others assisted her. The chips were not as good as we remembered: low on salt and harder to bite into. Salsa was very hot but clearly home made. We remembered the flour tortillas fondly and I think they are still good. The beans are still pretty good. My beef tortilla was ok but it was mixed in with the side of beans and side of rice and the lettuce didn't have a close relationship to the hard shell. The beef enchilada was ok with a red sauce that was not overly spicy, cheese that was not evenly distributed and spicy beef. I think the kitchen was efficient enough but the place wasn't busy.  This is a locals place. Everyone else was greeted by multiple staff as they arrived. I overtipped based on service not food quality.
3	My guy really likes this place, I guess he's been here a couple of times after early mornings at the rangle. This is just the first time I came with him to this particular establishment.It was noon 12/21/14 and it was busy, but hey, they serve breakfast all day. So I had "Homemade tamale and eggs" The staff is really nice.Chips were ok, would have been really good if they were warm, the homemade sala was pretty good but you get a very small amount for the amount of chips your given.I asked for my eggs soft scrambled, not because I like undercooked eggs but because I don't like dry omlet like overcooked eggs. I always order them the same and I get them back correct about 5% of the time. This time my food came and my eggs looks plastic, thats how overcooked they were, and I guess that most everyone else seems ok with eggs like that and bully for them, I don't complain about my eggs though, I just assume they will be wrong and I don't eat them when they turn out the way I assume (and almost do) they will.About 3 minutes after we were all served out food though the waitress came over and said I realized you asked for soft scrambled eggs so I had them make you some separate ones. this is unprecedented, its literally never happened to me before EVAR. AND they were perfect!!!Small portions, especially for the prices, but I guess I'd go back, its not like you have a lot of options while out that way.Because of the homerun on my eggs.... my guy WAY overtipped.
1	This is a chips, salsa and margarita review only. Salsa is 4 stars. Chips get 2 stars. Margaritas took an eternity to make and seemed to be limeaid, orange juice and a whisper of tequila. But the service... Ugh. 30 minutes to get our margaritas with maybe five other tables present (one who left because the waitress never came).   Next door at L&B, the margaritas took less than 5 minutes (though their salsa is inferior).
3	During a random Sunday morning drive from their new house, my dad and I were hungry for breakfast- lacking many options, we found old Puebla, which judging from all the cars was either the best food ever...or the only joint in town. Turns out- it's just about both! The menu was as expected, complete with tex/Mex breakfast favourites like chicken fried steak, dumplings and huevos rancheros. My tamales and eggs were tasty, clearly homemade by someone's grandmother! But not amazing. A typical greasy spoon, but strong coffee and extremely friendly service makes this place a solid choice for breakfast...especially given the lack of options in the area!
