5	With 3 herniated discs in my lower back, I know back pain.  I also know treatments that work, and treatments that do not work...and this place WORKS!  The staff is very friendly, and they do a great job to work around your schedule.  The doc here is top notch!When I walked in the door a year and a half ago, my back had just gone out of whack from trying to lift something stupid, and I could barely walk.  I had sciatic nerve pain that was unbearable.  Working with the doc, we put together a treatment plan, and adjusted it as my progress improved.  Currently I am pain free, and I still continue to come in for regular checkups and adjustments.  The massage therapy here is also excellent.  Check to make sure your insurance covers this, though, as the cost can start to add up.  Either way, it's worth it when you are talking about addressing the muscles surrounding your injured area.Overall, I highly recommend this place if you have back  and/or neck problems!
1	I am so disappointed with this office. I purchased a certificate online for a stone massage. Sounds great, huh? Yeah, I thought so too. Problem is that the advertising on the website offering the certificate didn't state that you had to get the massage on specific days at specific times - all of which are during the standard working hours (M-F, before 5p). I work full time at a doctor's office and have to have appointments in evening for a massage - or a weekend. Which, by the way, they indicated on the website that you had to call for Saturday hours. That's why I purchased the massage - for a Saturday visit. When I called to schedule - AFTER the purchase is made - I'm told they don't have Saturday hours and the last appointment during the week is at 5pm. I don't get off work till 5pm. Okay, I'll give them some credit (that's why there's ONE star) - they made an exception and allowed me to schedule for 5:30pm. Well, the long and short of it is that the day I'm supposed to go for the massage, I forgot my phone at home. When I called from work to confirm, I was told that because I didn't return their call earlier (which I didn't know they'd even made), my appointment was canceled. CANCELED! I'm so upset!! But now I figure, if they are that uncaring about my appointment time, then how caring will they be with me?? I'm very, very disappointed and although they said they will refund my money, I'm still upset with how the overall experience has turned out. I will not attempt to use their service again nor will I recommend them to anyone.=(
5	I've been going to Lifequest for several years now. I went in because I had carpal tunnel so bad it was debilitating. I could barely work. Even brushing my hair could shoot pain down my arms. I didn't even consider the neck and back pain that I had when I went in. Just thought that was normal.After an initial period of frequent visits to fix everything, I now just go there every other week for maintenance. It feels so good to take care of myself. The staff is great, and they also have a few massage therapists in office.
5	I came to this office before reading any reviews or researching it. I really lucked out with my experience! Upon arrival, Aimee gave me a full tour of the office. As small as that may sound, it made me feel like a valued patient already! It was very thoughtful of her to not whisk me into some room, but rather show me which rooms were for what purposes. After that, she went over a full review of injuries, pains and problems I have been having. I then met with Dr. Scharf, and he was so nice! Very easy-going and friendly! And he genuinely seems to love what he does! I plan to keep returning for treatments!
5	I have been a regular at LifeQuest Chiropractic & Massage for almost six months now.  The reason for my visit, originally, was because I used to wake up periodically with back pain and have difficulty falling back asleep--this hasn't occurred even just one night since my second week at LifeQuest.  Not only is Dr. Scharf great at what he does--but so are the other staff members!  I've had multiple massages and each of the massage therapists were great.I highly recommend LifeQuest Chiropractic & Massage.
4	I was very impressed. I have been searching for a good massage since I arrived in the Phoenix area.  I have found such a place in Lifequest.  Shana, the masseuse, was VERY good and understood my muscular issues right away. She treated me properly and I feel much better today than I have in months.  Lifequest will be my new 'goto' establishment for massage and skeleton health.
5	Great staff, knowledgable, takes time to discuss your treatments. I felt a ton better by just the first couple visits! Definitely worth going! They do a great consultation and really explain the treatment best suited for you!
5	Took advantage of their Groupon offer last month & sent my hubby in for a massage for his birthday.He absolutely loved it.  Very clean, comfortable and relaxing environment.  He was extremely relaxed and was told that his back had a few knots that needed to be worked out.  Their deep tissue massage is top notch.  If they're having a deal-- Take your mother, sister or sweetheart here, for sure.
5	Used a groupon for a massage here. I wish i remembered my masseuses name - she was fantastic. I have really bad back issues - she knew where to push and was able to do deep tissue. She was able to get the knots and the tension out but without leaving my back in pain - it's a fine balance. Very knowledgable, professional and relaxing experience.  The room was also great - private, large and well decorated - an oasis to relax in. I would definately return here for a massage and recommend this place to friends. I just wish I could remember the masseuses name....
3	The facility is elegant, sumptuously decorated and smells amazing. They manage to recreate a spa experience without charging a lot. My massage therapist was friendly and professional.My only complaint would be that the massage felt a little perfunctory. I got the feeling that she wanted to get it over with, going through the necessary steps as fast as possible. I was her last massage of the night and she still did a good job but it did feel a little rushed.
5	Decided to try this place after seeing the Groupon the had. Bought two incase I liked it. Turned out it was the best decision ever! Would've been so angry had I just bought one. My massage therapist was named Sarah. Normally when I asked for deep tissue I am extremely disappointed and don't feel like I got my money's worth. For the first time ever, I left a massage feeling relax, healed and tension gone. She know's her stuff!! (very hard to make appointment so that says something). So glad I was able to find her here. Signed up for a membership (never done that before) and am looking forward to getting regular massages. The facility is also clean and the rooms are relaxing and nice. Would recommend trying, especially with all the offers they have right now.
5	Strained my neck severely from Crossfit (thanks to my terrible snatch form) and needed someone to help me make my neck feel fabulous again.  I saw that LifeQuest Chiropractic & Massage was close to home and decided to go for a try. Thomas helped me with my neck pains and I would highly recommend Thomas. Thomas knows his stuff very well and can tell he has logged tons of hours in experience. Thomas was very attentive in looking for feedback from my body to ensure your muscles are getting the proper attention and care. I also got an awesome knee massage which was very relieving since I've had three knee surgeries. Thumbs up for Thomas! The service and process at LifeQuest Chiropractic & Massage was very professional and easy. Overall I had a great experience and would come back.
4	I went here with a groupon, the facilities were nice as was the staff. The massage provided was amazing. They have a membership program you can sign up for that makes massages a little more affordable. But they have some weird hours. It works out good if you work from 8-5, but if you have weird hours you may not be able to see them. Overall I will go back. Just have to make appointments far in advance.
5	Dr. Scharf and his staff are amazing. They do an awesome job of taking great care of the client. I've always felt at ease when communicating with everyone in the office from my very first consultation. Dr. Scharf is very knowledgeable and professional, yet friendly, funny and always willing to answer any questions. More importantly Dr. Scharf and his assistant, Breinn, have alleviated my lower back pain, dramatically lessened my headaches and corrected the curve in my spine and neck to within normal range. Needless to say, I am now a firm believer in chiropractic. I haven't received a massage from any of the massage therapists, but that's next on my list. Overall, I would recommend LifeQuest Chiropractic and Massage to my friends and family.
5	If you have tight muscles from stress see Thomas!   Excellent!!!
5	They do a  GREAT job with their clients
5	I am signed up for two monthly massages from Sarah who is wonderful.  All staff I've interacted are great. I found Lifequest through a Groupon and stayed on.
5	I came here with a Groupon for 2 massages and booked my appointments with Sarah. She is AMAZING! I always leave completely relaxed with less tension. The facility is nicely decorated and very clean. The entire staff has always been very friendly and Christina at the front desk seems to greet everyone when they walk in by their first name, which is not only a good sign of returning clients but she has awesome customer service skills. After my 2 massages I ended up buying the monthly membership and having been going once a month for 7 months now. Make an appointment and book with Sarah!
5	I tried this place and it was probably one of the best massages I have ever had. I highly recommend Katie. She is great!
5	I'm a triathlete and I've tried many different sport massages. By far, Katie gives the best massages. She is very aware of what areas need to be worked on and listens to what pressure you prefer. I did a full Ironman three days ago and got a massage from her last night. Today I wasn't sore or tight, which is amazing since I could barely walk yesterday before the massage. I can't recommend her enough. Worth every penny!
5	Sarah is amazing at Lifequest. I am a nail technician and tend to get a lot of knots in my neck and shoulder and she just knows how to work them. I walk out feeling like a new person every time. Sarah is a very knowledgable masseuse, she knows her stuff. If u are a nail tech or work in a similar field, she is your girl.
5	Very nice place. It was a great massage, more for tissue/spinal issues than for relaxation. Which is great because I sit all day at work. Definitely try it out!
1	Unfortunately I had an absolute horrible experience with LifeQuest Chiropractic. First off I would like to say that the actual service was great. I was in a very bad car accident which lead me to seek treatment. I originally found a Groupon online because I was in very severe pain and needed a massage to help ease the pain. The treatment itself was with Sarah. Which, at times may be a little bit too painful for most people because of how much pressure is used but since I wasn't necessarily going in there for a "relaxing" massage I didn't mind. I then spoke to the doctor along with the patient coordinator about seeking further treatment for my back injury. After much discussion I decided to go ahead with the treatment. I was very clear that I wanted to use my medical insurance. Keep in mind the whole time they had a copy of my health care provider and well aware that I was planning on using it. Both the doctor and the patient coordinator assured me that I would be "covered". That being said, I took their word and proceeded with treatment. I was in treatment for 2.5 months and got check-ins every four weeks. Meanwhile, I had asked several times of what my total bill was this far - just to keep informed. They refused to tell me and said they "only bill everything at the end." I should have known right then and there something was wrong. Long story short I was mislead and misinformed by LifeQuest and was indeed NOT covered. In fact it wasn't until after the fact they told me that they did not take my health care provider. Something they should have been up front and honest about right from the beginning. I now have a $4,600 bill with my health care provider due to the lack of communication and honesty from LifeQuest. As I stated before, the actual service from the massage therapist were great. But as far as actual honesty from the doctor I will never go to LifeQuest or refer anyone to them from my experience. My treatments ended in October of last year and I am still fighting with my health care provider from the claims of LifeQuest.
5	I purchased and online groupon and got the best Deep Tissue Massage I have gotten in a very long time! The last time I had a massage this good was in 1998 from a Swedish woman name Inga at the Newport Beach Marriott.I have been suffering from lower/upper back, neck and shoulder pain due to 1) STRESS!!!, 2) I recently sustained a fractured ankle from a fall and have been wearing a case boot since November 2013, and 3) I recently fell down the stairs while carrying something heavy (I know...Idiot move - Hardknock!!) and bruised my ribs, back and re-injured my fractured ankle.  But after searching all over the east valley and metro phoenix area for the past 16yrs for a Massage Therapist who could work out every ache and pain like Inga did, I am absolutely elated and overjoyed to have found Chris at LifeQuest!  He was extremely knowledgeable and intuitive and was able to work out most of my aches and pains on the first visit. I will admit, it was pretty grueling because my muscles were so tight and tensed, but I can say after my first session, I haven't felt this good in a very long time. Thanks Chris and LifeQuest, I will see you again soon!!!! ;-)
5	Amazing therapy, very home like feel in the office. the Dr. Is great and the massage therapists really know what they're doing! Always feeling rejuvenated when I leave :)
