3	Las Vegas food is odd in that the appearance of food is almost never commensurate with its taste. Bonjour is an excellent exemplification of this trend. Croissants, beignets, and baguettes are deceptively gorgeous while lacking in terms of texture and flavor. Sandwiches and salads are made with cheap meats and cheeses. Their soup du jour overwhelmingly tastes of leeks and not much else. Their sweet pastries are slightly better considering the inferiority of the raw ingredients they use (their raspberry tartlet and pain au chocolat are my favorites). Decent coffee. The interior of the place is sparse and lacking in any decor, and they offer limited indoor and outdoor seating. The owners are nice and personable. Overall, a mediocre French bakery that is worth going to simply because it's one of the only ones around.
4	I found this bakery by accident while leaving starbuck's parking lot. I picked up a delicious looking croissant and opera cake. I've been craving an opera cake since forever. I used to work as a pastry chef and have been trained in the arts of french pastry at the french pastry school in chicago and i must say that bonjour's croissant are the tops. the first bite was like heaven...delicate and delectable outer layers with a smooth buttery middle. it made my day feel just  tad bit better. the prices are on point and the service is very quick. I've found my new bakery!
5	Bonjour Euro Bakers' prices are very reasonable compared to comparable Strip bakeries such as Bouchon, Jean Phillip Patisserie or Payard.  After much discussion, we walked out with a beautiful and equally delicious Marquis - a vanilla and chocolate mousse concoction.  On our second visit we chose a tiramisu and Raspberry Milequille (puff dough layered with raspberry pastry cream) that we consumed over the next two days in our room.  On our 3rd visit of the trip, we chose a a baba au rum. All were excellent.
4	Nice little place in the Sunflower Market shopping center.Pastries are look very decadent, taste great and are quite reasonably priced.In & Out in under 5 minutes on Valentine's Day-quick & friendly service with a smile.A very sweet surprise
5	Best French Bakery ever. The cream in thier cream puffs are to die for.
5	BonJour Bakery made my beautiful wedding cake!  We were married in Las Vegas in january.  Coming from the bay area, I did not know of any bakeries in the Las Vegas area.   I didn't want to go with the "normally" recommended bakeries because after doing my research on them it left a sour taste in my mouth (so to speak)  So I followed my instincts and decided to order my cake here.  I chose the chocolate mousse with white cake and fondant.  Absolutely fabulous, great price and they even delivered!!!  Walking into the bakery and looking at the wonderful pastries they had displayed made me more confident about my decision.  I will come back here everytime I come to visit Las Vegas!
5	My youngest and I went here for a Breakfast / Brunch which consisted of the following...Salmon Fume Sandwich (**** 1/2) Cured, Smoked Salmon slices with Lettuce, Tomatoes, and bits of Onions in a Bqguette. Salmon was oh so.... tender. Came with a side Salad with a creamy French Vinaigrette Dressing. My son and I split this one between us.Chocolate Croissant (2)(*****) Oh so flaky on the outside, and tender insides with some Chocolate to enhance the flavor!  Melt in your mouth textures. Very hefty Croissant... around 5" x 4" x 2 1/2" high. Very, very good. My youngest performed all the ordering... he told me that on our last trip to Europe.... he got addicted to Chocolate Croissants.ExpressoCoffee (**** 1/2) Stronger and better than It's a Grind Coffee yesterday. The Euro Coffee just ruins my taste for the so-called American Coffees.Total: around $19. Not bad for such quality.Non-pretentious atmosphere. You can definitely tell the Euro customers from those who aren't. Seating inside and out. Quaint little cast iron frame seats. Nice.
5	Went here with my daughter, Kathy, the day before the return trip back to Lodi, CA. Not as busy the day before yesterday at Lunchtime, but quite a number of people there picking up Baquettes and Desserts for their Dinner Commute, I guess.We had...Chocolate Croissant (****) Not as fresh as in the afternoon a few days ago. But this was late in the day. Cappuccino (*****) Kathy loves the Cappuccino here! Orangina - Hadn't had this in months, and I had to dine at a Creperie for my previous bottle of Orangina.Total: $8.51.Interesting observation - A lady, I guess from Jamaica (where the French language is prevalent) tried to communicate in French to the cashier. The cashier replied that she didn't speak French. The lady exclaimed to everyone in the restaurant that would listen... "No French in a French Bakery!".Kathy later told me that the present owners were probably not French at all. Their Sandwich boards, Kathy told me, had not changed in over three years! ( http://static.px.yelp.com/bphoto/oBPDBWAa4hRs3U30B59gCQ/l ). I guess you really don't have to be French to run a French Bakery...
3	From all the reviews that I've read, this bakery was all my hopes and dreams! But hopes and dreams only last as far as when reality comes into play. The breads aren't bad, but there's not much variety, especially in the whole wheat and whole grain arena. The crust is not super crackly and the crumb is not super moist nor custard, but it's still better than grocery store bread. The pain au chocolat was pretty good according to my husband, but just a tad less flavorful than real French ones.
5	The best place in town for a good French style coffee and an almond croissant. This place is a true gem. I am from Europe and have lived in France before. It just reminds me of Paris and makes me miss France even more.If you want to get one of their yummy almond croissants you would have to come before noon. If you are lucky, they may still have some left....
4	All good things off the Strip in Vegas are in strip malls. Seriously. This little French bakery is such a great find and is now our favorite weekend brunch spot. Food: Pastries are amazing.-Almond Croissant: Simply heavenly. Crunchy and light on the outside, sweet and savory on the inside.-Angel Wafers: Flakey, sugary, melt in your mouth yumminess. -Salmon Sandwich: Bread is perfect, salmon is fresh and salty. Comes with a refreshing salad.-Croque Monsieur: Fried, cheesy and crunchy (my 3 favorite food descriptions!).Atmosphere: Homey and comfortable. Lots of knicks knacks that makes me think of a European grandma's kitchen. Gets really busy on weekend mornings.
5	First day in Las Vegas, and guess what?  A stop in to have a Brunch / Lunch at Bonjour Bakery. An judging by the atmosphere and the food, things have not changed much... and that's a good thing!On the menu today...Crepe Suzette (**** 1/2 $7.95) A little toooo much Butter, but everyone likes Butter, right? If you're doing French, why not go all the way... with Crepes! Filling a hefty 8" diameter plate, the Crepes were infused with Orange Zest... slivers of Orange Peel... and literally smothered in Butter, and topped with a small scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream, two lines of Whipped Cream and a smattering sprinkle of Almond Slivers. Also garnished with some fruit - Orange Slices, Black Berries, Blue Berries, and Raspberries.I'm allergic to Oranges straight from the tree, but slivers of Orange Peel I can handle. The Crepes were especially good. This entree WILL take some time to arrive at your table... Don't be in a hurry when you order Crepes at Bonjour.Coffee (**** 1/2 Large-$1.95) When I say a large Cup, it's LARGE! A huge ceramic cup over 4" in diameter.... pretty hefty and heavy... a good cup of Coffee. You have to walk up to the counter-girl-person to get it refilled, though. But, the good thing is... FREE refills for this gigantic cup.Almond Croissant (***** $2.95) This HAD to be the best Almond Croissant EVER! This is not your ordinary Croissant covered with Almond Flakes. A HUGE Croissant filled with a Custard-like filling, with Powdered Sugar on the exterior with Almonds Flakes. I was supposed to share this with our group... so good, I took half of it!Nutella Crepe (***** $7.95) As large as my Crepe Suzette, but literally SMOTHERED with Nutella with Dabs of Whipped Cream. For my part, I can't take THAT MUCH Nutella... but everyone else at the table was gobbling this Crepe UP! The review is a reflection of the comments around the table for this Crepe!My youngest son's fiancee, who is a Chef, said the Crepe was pefectly made... a little singed at the edges, but delectably delicate. Now, I can't get this worked up over JUST Nutella... I think I only took a couple of bites. But, my son was surprised I liked Crepe Suzette...Chicken BLT Sandwich (***** 1/2-My Rating ****-My son's rating $9.50) I only had 1/4 of the Sandwich plus a half of the Salad that accompanies the Sandwich. I have to preface the review... I NEVER order Chicken on a Sandwich as most places over-cook the Chicken and the result is dry and tough. Not today, though.For my part, I thought the Chicken was tender and moist, but what I appreciated the most was the strip of Bacon was not your typical fast food see-right-through slice of supposed Bacon. Also with Dijon Mustard, and a heavy dose of Mayonnaise... Good.My son, who is also a Chef, thought the Chicken was slightly Dry, but tasted very good.The accompanying Salad was your typical Greenery Salad, with a French / Italian Vinaigrette Dressing.Chocolate Croissant (**** $2.95) Divided rating... My son's order... rated very good for his rating... His fiancee thought  too dry on the outside, but tender inside.Egg / Bacon Sandwich (**** $7.99) My youngest son's fiancee's order... She did not like Dijon along with Eggs... But thought, on the whole, the Sandwich was very good along with the Salad.Just as my thoughts about Bonjour Bakery like the last visit... it seems all the Euro or Middle Eastern, African emigres gravitate towards this French Bakery... for whatever reason....
1	Highly disappointing and I never even tried the food. Asked a friend to meet me for lunch there because of all the Yelp reviews, I was really looking forward to trying something new. She arrived a few minutes before me and said she had been at the counter eying the desserts and the counter girl said not one word to her. Weird. So we sat down at the one clean table we could find, mind you when I arrived there was one table finishing a meal and another man at a table waiting so not extremely busy to the point tables shouldn't be clean. We looked at the menus and knew what we wanted but were confused on the ordering process and still had yet to even be acknowledged. So when I saw the counter girl I said, "Do you take our orders at the table?" Her exact words, "No, I don't come to you." Me and my friend looked at each other like wow, even the way she said it was rude. How are we supposed to know? Menus are under the glass on the table so one might assume you place your order there plus with no other customers present ordering from the counter how would a first timer know that.  I should add that the short time we were present she did not stay behind the counter.  She went to the two tables present and checked on them.  Needless to say we left in disgust. I'll get my French fix at Champagne Bakery in Irvine, CA because I will never step foot in this place again. That counter girl needs a serious attitude adjustment.
5	after treating ourselves to breakfast at bouchon a few months ago (DELISH!), my mom and i were on the lookout for a more wallet-friendly alternative.  i found this place on yelp and i am SO glad i did!french woman behind the counter, french chef, this is the real deal.  every time i go there i have to get two things: the ham & cheese croissant (huge and covered in extra cheese before it's baked) and a macaroon.  i am a macaroon fan, not necessarily a connoseur, but this is by far, the best macaroon i have EVER had.  i literally dream about them... they are to die for.  the last time i went i raved over them so much that the woman behind the counter gave me a free one, so exciting!  (of course she knew i was buying a bunch of them so it didn't matter to her too much.)i cannot go here too often because i don't have the type of metabolism to support this habit.  if i could, i would eat the ham & cheese croissant and a bunch of macaroons every day.  they have a ton of other pastries and sandwiches too, everything i've tried is good.  enjoy, friends!!!
4	This bakery was recommended by a famous French Chef in town. He said that they get their bread here for home use. They have the most amazing Croissant (the one that melts in your mouth). I ordered the ham and cheese version and I instantly fell in love.
3	Cute bakery with a decent selection of pastries. I wasn't sure what a lot of it was, but another customer (who said he's been going there for 10 years) pointed out some of his favorites. We tried 2 different kinds of apple pastries and a chocolate croissant, all of which were very good. They have made to order breakfast items such as omelets and crepes and also have sandwiches (although they're pricey at almost $10 per).
4	A foodie friend of mine from Los Angeles actually told me to try this place. I also checked out some reviews of this place here on Yelp and found that their Croissantswere quite the Hit. I LOVE Croissants!Ham & Cheese Croissant: Definitely wasn't your mom and pops donut store H&C. It was soft, flaky and buttery like how it should be. They used a  white cheese that was oozing between the slices of ham. I like to have my H&C served warm. This thing was Impeccable! Almond Croissant: gourmet croissant, covered with powdered sugar and thin slices of almond. Yummm! Croissants = Approved!
3	The Skinny: okay pastries and tuna salad, decent croque monsieur (3.5), service: it's counter service, not sit down service (3), value: okay, not great for the sammy and salad combo... however the croque was very reasonable!(3).We came here because when I want carbs to pad the cushion, there's only few things that make it worth while... one of them is definitely French pastries. It was a nice rainy day in Vegas so I ordered a croque monsieur - a warm ham and cheese sammy which was decently gooey with some bechamel sauciness. Although the sammy needed a little more bechamel, it was quite satisfying with a slight crispy texture on the outside.Unfortunately, my hubby ordered the tuna salad on a baguette which was okay. The baguette wasn't quite like the baguettes you find in Paris. The crust wasn't quite crunchy enough for me. Not being a fan of capers, it's addtion to the filling was a little disappointing but this is a personal taste issue. The sandwich is still better than anything you'd get at a large chain store and the ingredients are fresh.The accompanying salad was a little heavy handed on the so-so dressing.The almond croissant was a little disappointing. Almond croissants are hard to make - any sort of filling inside the croissant can flatten out those lovely butter flaky layers, causing the texture to become a bit soggy. This was the problem that we ran into here.I was looking forward to their crepes but was quite full after my croque so couldn't give 'em a taste. Overall, a 3 starred review.
5	Wow! i was looking all over for french macaroons for my honey for xmas and this place had them For 17$ !! I have seen french macarons go for upwards of 50$ I did not really get to look at all there other cool stuff because i was on my lunch break and its pretty far from where i work, so i will definatly be back!
5	Anyone who knows me knows that I take my time before I write a review good or bad. I don't tend to write bad ones, but there's a time and a place for those. Luckily, this is a GOOD review. My job takes me to many places around the country and naturally to Vegas. I found BonJour a couple of years ago and now I  come here anytime I am in town. If you're looking for ambiance and a spiffy place this ain't it, BUT if you're looking for some local homestyle euro pastries and such and don't want to drop all that money on the strip, then this place is it. The food and service are great, the service is semi-self serve and they carry a range of dessert as well as sandwiches. My favorite is the petite breakfast, a ham & cheese croissant with some fruit.
4	I swear, BonJour Euro Bakery is my version of a strip club because all I can feel is never-ending oral pleasure.Miss Chocolate Dome really knows how to please. Although she looks average with her dark chocolate exterior, once she opens up, she really shows the goods. With a light chocolate cake base and a fluffy chocolate mouse, MMMMMMMMMMM. She's tasty.Although Mistress Croissants and Madam Napoleon are to die for, my money is going to Ms. Chocolate Dome. Sorry :| She's got me hooked.But on a serious note, this place can be really hard to find -0-' I was not pleased haha. Go into the hugeee empty plaza that has this latino market i believe? Next time I will for sure be getting some of the other croissants and puff pastries and maybe even a sandwich! This one lady got a salmon sandwich and it looked deletable!Ahhhhhh. BonJour makes the extremely hot weather of Vegas so much more bearable.
3	Yelpers love it, Max Jacobson loves it...I want to love it too.Service was very good...just that the food was only ok....the whole white bread Albertson's baguette- rock hard in an hour- theme from the 70's just doesn't make it anymore...two stars for the food...and a third for the killer service...
5	Authentic French pastries, including coffee eclairs.  Do you know how hard it is to find coffee eclairs?
5	yum! I am so glad that I have a brother who lives in Vegas who can take me to some great local spots. This was one of them! Its places like this that make me want to move out west. Everyone loved what they got, the Chocolate Croissant is a must!
4	My boss was next door shipping off some things to someone somewhere, I looked next door and saw "Open Espresso," and it was "ding ding ding" in my head as I could use a cup. As I went inside, I really surprised at what I saw, it really did remind me as others have said... Europe. For me it reminded me of lil shops I went to in Berlin Germany when I was a kid, very eclectic assortment of items around the shop, and a very nice setup on bakery goodies.I opted for a large latte and an Almond Tuile (almond curl) which was NOT short on the almonds. Needless to say the coffee was nice and the Almond Tuile was OMG good. The counter girl was very friendly and the place was clean.I will definitely be revisiting this place again soon.
4	I first heard about this bakery years ago when my cousin bought me a birthday cake from there.  After procrastinating for 6 years (thank god it didn't close down) They're a cute little French mom & pops bakery. They serve espresso, sandwiches, salads, and a wide selection of delicious pastries that you can't easily find.  They sell French product like jars of Foie Gras..which was kinda cool.  I got their full size ham, salami, cheese sandwich on their homemade baguette.  The deli and cheese was very fresh.  It came with a fresh cold salad with romaine lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers, and light honey mustard vinaigrette.  It was a perfect portion for two people. Also tried this little buttery tart--almost like a butter croissant--with sundried tomato and light garlic on it...it was bomb.  Definitely try this place out!
4	I discovered BonJour Bakery via Yelp when looking for a non-Starbucks entity to get coffee from and glad to have discovered a quaint shop with good coffee and pastries that will keep you from ever considering any kind of anti-carb diet. BonJour is in the sunflower market at the corner of Rainbow and Flamingo, tucked into the northeast corner of the shopping center-really, blink and you'll miss it. It has an unassuming storefront with a small amount of outdoor seating, but don't let their humble settings fool you-there's glorious, buttery goods to be had inside.My sweet tooth is limited to alcoholic beverages, so I usually stick to the savory items and almost always end up with one of their quiches. The quiche is offered up in single serving portions and they have a decent selection-tomato onion, cheese, spinach-all of which are good. The crust is flaky and buttery without being greasy and the filling is perfectly quiche-y, not too much egg taste, nice and creamy without being overly rich. The only one I didn't care for as much was the spinach as it was a little watery which is likely a result of not squeezing enough water out of the spinach before adding it to the filling. They offer to heat it up for you which I absolutely recommend.Like i said I don't have a sweet tooth, but the two sugary delights I had here are worth a few cavities. One was a mini Charlotte with the most incredible pastry cream filling and topped with fresh berries. The other was an eclair that had this crazy chocolate filling that tasted like it was possibly spiked. I couldn't put my finger on what that chocolate filling was cut with and I ate it too fast to analyze.Why not five stars? My trips are limited to early morning (between 7:30-8:30am) and the display case is almost always empty. The items I go for are always available, and I know to ask for them, but I like to try new things when I visit and a lot of their specialty pastries aren't out yet. I'm guessing they're ready later in the day, which I can appreciate because everything is made from scratch, so I'm willing to make a trek outside of my normal hours to check out the selection.The service is ok, but I've noticed since coming in repeatedly the girl at the counter has seemed to warm up to me a bit and the recommendations I've received from her have been spot on. All in all, BonJour is a great place to breakfast at, get a good cup of coffee and start your day off Parisian style!
3	BonJour has a great selection of baked goods without being too overwhelming. The tarts and pastries that line the two coolers are intimidating at first, but I took my time to look over everything before making any rash decisions. If I was not stuffed from breakfast, I could have devoured the beautiful fruit tarts that decorate their display cases. Instead my sister and I grabbed some items for later that would not go bad as we continued to do errands.We picked up two madeleines($1.05 each) and two palmiers ($2.15 each). I do enjoy the first of the two. They are light and airy with a hint of citrus zest. Perfect for tipping in tea or coffee. The latter tasted burnt in areas without being black. It had a bit of bitterness, but in other areas, it tasted fine. I would like to stop by and try some of their other items. The cannolis look wonderful and so do their two different eclaires. The croissants look so decadent and flaky. One of those and an espresso drink would make for a perfect breakfast.
3	I stopped here because I was told they have the best French macarons in Las Vegas.  The woman pointed me to the coconut macaroons.  When I explained what I wanted, she said, "Oh, we don't have them anymore.  That was the only thing we don't make.  We got them from someone else."  She then got on the phone to someone who told her they would be getting a delivery during this week.  I guess I'm not coming back.  Why guess when they'll have something when I can just buy it elsewhere.I did buy a cannoli for $4.  It's a bit pricey but it was larger than the miniature ones you see at casino buffets.  It tasted good.  I don't think I'll be a return visitor to BonJour with the other options in Las Vegas.
4	BonJour has generally been a once a month trip for me due to monthly work meetings that convened not too far from the restaurant. In the past week, I've stopped in here twice because I was running a work errand that was luckily in the general vicinity of BonJour. I say luckily because both of these errands induced stress eating that could only be solved with the loving, savory, carby wonders offered at Bonjour.I've had both the tuna and ham&cheese sandwiches (half-portions) which were tasty and filling and both served with a simple side salad with a light dressing. I'd dare to say the tuna salad was the best I've had in a very long time...possibly the best ever. It was perfectly dressed and had capers in it-a nice twist and surprise since I love me some capers. The ham&cheese was great as well, served simply with lettuce and tomato on what else but French bread. The bread here is fresh-nice, crusty exterior and soft, chewy  interior; in other words, perfect sandwich bread!I'm partial to savory carbs than sweet, but today my sweet tooth was calling me to the almond croissant that I've read so many rave reviews about. Definitely worth the calories and sugar high (and inevitable crash) and very well the end all be all of croissants. Helpful tip: both times I went, people came in looking for something specific and it wasn't available. If you're coming out of your way with something in mind, call first to see if they have it. BonJour continues to fulfill all of my French pastry needs in a casual and charming setting.
4	TL;DR Review - Too long ; didn't read review Luck of the draw for service, but food/pastries are consistently good.I've lucked out 2 times I've been here. But there seems to be that welcoming look of the frizzy haired girl with the hickey's, or the look of their display case that's brought me back. Can't figure which one though.From memory, the previous experiences would go as follows.1st- I think when me and my wife stepped in at 15 till closing, the girl wasn't too enthusiastic with us visiting. Oh well, I'll pass it off as late customer service issues.I ended up purchasing a baguette and croissants on this visit. Baguette had a crunchy crust, yet creamy soft crumb. The croissant was a light and flaky pastry, that would've been perfect with some moar butter...2nd- Customer service was nice with a different girl, but the wait for 2 sandwiches for ~20 minutes was bad. Good thing I got a baguette to munch on while waiting. 3rd- I tried almond croissant with their palmiers, which was very good. Baguette wasn't as crunchy on sandwiches when I came the 2nd time, but was still good. Now service was another subject...Conclusion:I pass through this area everyday, but I'll leave it to those odd days when I just HAVE to visit that frizzy haired girl again. (Makes me wonder if I'm into SM..)
3	I've been to BouJour a few times due to it being close and the closest thing to a mom and pop coffee shop in my neighborhood. It's got it's ups and downs, which to me averages out to just be A-OK. The good: the actual foodI've only ever had the croissants and the butter cookies here. My friend recently purchased a yule log and said it was quite tasty. However, for the most part, it seems as if there isn't a huge selection of things. Also, it's a little expensive - most of the little pastries are $4 each. The bad: service, in addition to being a little pricyAlso, the service is poor. I walked in the other day and was barely acknowledged by the girl behind the counter. I don't need my hand held when I walk in, but when my friends walked in and we ATTEMPTED to order, we were completely ignored and the girl answered the phone (without even acknowledging us at all) for a good 3 minutes. I've worked retail before in a bakery and whenever someone calls, if you are the only one in the front, you put that phone call on HOLD or you tell the customer you'll be right with them. TERRIBLE. We walked right out.
5	I'm gonna be honest, was itching to give this place a less than glowing review when we walked in and the service was borderline rude and took FOREVER to get a latte, a sandwich, and a crepe. And while there were 4 tables, everybody had already been served. The latte came out and was well presented and tasted good. Then the crepe finally came out. Wow. A thicker, crispy on the edges rendition full of nutella (not just a thin layer like most places) and FRESH strawberries, blackberries, blueberries, raspberries, and a slice of orange topped with a thick whipped cream sprinkled with chocolate and almond shavings, cocoa, and powdered sugar. Phenomenal!Then came the steak (ground beef) and cheese sandwich. The bread was perfectly toasted, crunchy on the outside and soft enough on the inside and the Dijon mustard made it great. So, in the end, despite the less than warm welcome, though the cashier warmed up a bit especially after I asked if she was French (come on, I had to), I still gave it a 5 star. This is a quaint little place and I would guess what a French cafe would look like since I haven't been to France (except for the granite table top like all Vegas joints). Thanks to the recommendation from my Moroccan friend.Will definitely come again!
4	The food is phenomenal...Service needs improvement....Also the location is not the best....also a little  pricey
4	So, I Finally decided to stop by BonJour Euro Bakers after some grocery shopping with my brother and it was Las Vegas best kept secret! First, Two highly addicted caffeine drinking people in this type of atmosphere is Dangerous! Everything looked amazing. The layout (Very traditional) which I think set the right vibe. It makes you feel like that hole in the wall place you've always wanted to impress a sweetheart with.  We immediately ordered 2 caps. The presentation was great. Nice serving size and for the taste, the price was too good to be true. Second round please. Along with our coffee we had to have some sweets...  I picked the chocolate cralin, the taste was miraculous! The texture was perfect. (Greatest chocolate treat I ever had) My brother picked the Napoleon. When he had his first bite his eyeballs nearly popped out of his eye sockets. He said the cream was like nothing he ever had before. He stopped using his fork and started eating it with his hands. (Word of advice --- if on a first date at bon jour and thinking about ze napoleon... this is one delicate guy you might want to plan on how to attack)  After, our amazing sweets and highly doses of caffeine we said LETS HAVE LUNCH!! My brother ordered the Merguez & fries! He said the taste was delicious very savory. The bread was crisp on the outside but soft as fluff in the inside, the fries were perfectly cooked and seasoned just right. I ordered the ham, salami, and cheese sandwich... The baguette really brings it all together. Great portion size with a side of salad. Whatever the dressing was... I had to have some more. Talk about a simple gush of flavor. This Place gets 4/5 why? Because we've only been there once it's not fair to give a 5. However, I will be stopping by very often.The service wasn't bad the counter lady was Nice, and tried to be efficient with taking orders... It took a while to get our food but to be honest it's totally worth every second. If you're that hungry have some sweets while you wait. Or better yet I highly recommend a cup of coffee. Whatever it is they brew... it's certainly not that Starbucks chain horse piss corporate America drinks. Whoever picked the roast @ Bon Jour that was a great choice!
3	I was on the hunt for something sweet and Vegas yelpers lead me to the Bonjour Bakery! We decided to get a nice sampler. We had tiramisu, coconut macaroon, cannoli, and some kind of lady finger fruit cake thing. Personally, I wasn't a big fan of the lady finger thing, but my sister absolutely loved it! The inside was just too mushy for me I think. I didn't try the tiramisu, but I really loved the coconut macaroon! The cannoli was ok, I really didn't like the shell at all. The filling was ok, but for the money I don't think I would go back here. Coconut macaroons are good from anywhere if you ask me.
3	In our search for something sweet to eat and not wanting to break the bank during our trip to Vegas we stopped at the BonJour Euro Bakery. The treats were the right price (about $3 - $6 each) but were really nothing special. The atmosphere wasn't inviting so ended up taking our treats to go. If I'm in the area again I'd probably stop by, but I wouldn't hunt it down again.
3	I have to give it to them, they have the most delicious pasteries and breads! The only bad thing is the customer service, or lack therof. Everytime I have gone in the people behind the counter look and act miserable. Good thing their food is so amazing or I would never go back.
3	I may have been too hasty in giving this place a 5 star. Yes, it still has the best crepe in town but the service is next to none and usually grumpy is the best description.  And since my original review, I've tried several other sandwiches (merguez and the pastrami) and both were way overcooked to the point of me choking it down. The bread also tastes day old and hard. I tried the omelet as well and it was average. The biggest problem with this place is that it takes anywhere from 20 to 30 minutes to get your sandwich order even if you are the only one in the place. So if you are in a rush, don't come here. The pastries do look good though, even though I haven't tasted any.
1	Good pastries, amazing crepes & sandwiches. HORRIBLE SERVICE! All of the cashiers/servers look like they're miserable. Like they don't want to be there. Is it too much to get a smile? They are rude & treat you like they want you to get the hell out of there. They'd rather be on their phones and lost in conversation with their "regulars" than pay attention to customers. I'd choose okay food and great service over great food and okay (or in this case- horrible) service.
5	This place is great! I always get tattoos at last chance and every time I go I look foward to this visit! Awesome employees and I love the fact that I can see them cooking behind the counter. Its not a fancy shop but the food is welll worth the trip.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile now. Sweets for a preggo lady...bring it on! I went in not knowing what to expect, but I felt quite overwhelmed by their selection because I wanted EVERYTHING! I decided to go with my favorites, the chocolate croissant and an eclair. I think we spent like 9 bucks on these two things, but was it worth it? I did really enjoy the croissant, but the eclair with the chocolate filling didn't do it for me. However, my husband did enjoy that chocolate filling a lot, so I think it just depends on your preference. I know I will be back to try more things, like the fruit tart, etc but I will probably wait till this heat dissipates in the next couple of months first.
4	Love this place! Delish food and baked goods! The croissant breakfast sandwich is to die for. The steak hache and frites (with mayo, not ketsup, bien sur) is one of my faves. And every single item from there pastry case is fantastic!  Only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is it's lack of charm. The interior is not cute or cool or cozy, but not bad either. And the staff is helpful and nice, but not especially warm and fuzzy. The food is so good though that you won't much care that the place could use a lil TLC.  Definitely worth going!
5	This place is what started me on my coffee house / pastry kick! Ugh! I just love going to nice, small, quite places that have awesome coffee and even better pastries. This place is that! Bonjour does a lovely job of creating the real deal French pastries (well so says my French boyfriend!) This place makes me want to go to Paris ASAP!!!!Chocolate Croissants are amazing, as well as their fruit tarts.Great breakfast spot, cute little patio to eat out on as well!
4	I come here for their beignets and nothing else so far. I still want to try their brioche but I know I need to give an hour's notice and I haven't gotten around to trying it.The beignets are definitely nothing compared to Downtown Disney's but where else am I going to get beignets in Vegas?Try out their other stuff :)!
5	Mmm! Delicious French Cappuccino Macaroons!
4	It was sooo good, the Chocolate Croissants are amazing, as well as their fruit tarts.
4	My husband and I come here often since we live close by. We've trid most of their pastries; macarons, chocolate croissants, linzer cookies, strawberry and raspberry tarts and they are all yummy. We usually each order a sandwich and a pastry with coffee.As other reviewers have stated, the customer service is lacking but it doesn't bother us too much. I think it makes it authentic, since service in Paris is pretty bad. The atmosphere is very European, it is always full of foreigners which is different.
4	I have to find excuses to come here.Pastries are incredible. Almond croissants are ridiculous.
4	two dishes, "prosciutto sandwich" and "craline" thats all i have to say.
4	I was going to wait to review this place until my third visit. But my oh my! Ham and cheese sandwich is not your normal ham and cheese sandwich! For about $6 I thought I was only ordering ham and cheese sandwich with on a baguette. Nope, it comes with a salad. Very nice meal for a brunch.I did get an espresso and two coconut macaroons. They just go so well together!One last thing I will have to try: macaroons.**Will update later for that! :D
2	Someone had told me that I had to check this place out for the coffee, espresso, and mocha things.  Well, the coffee didn't really impress me all that much. I had gotten a mocha and my friend got a latte. It definitely had enough caffeine but just wasn't that good. I tried my friend's latte and it wasn't that great either. Customer service was alright. The girl working was pretty nice. I didn't try any of the pastries which i probably should of but on the coffee itself I give 2 stars. If I come back here I'll update this.
4	Five stars for the quality of the desserts and the breakfast; however, I have to take one star away because probably three of the four girls who work there have TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS. They reply to you with attitude and God forbid you ask for an extra napkin or knife---they will roll their eyes with disgust at you. Not something I look forward to when I enter Bonjour Bakery daily, but hopefully the chef/owner will realize that these girls are scaring away customers and fire them sometime soon.  There are much nicer people out there to wait on customers.The breakfast omelet and pastries are great. So is basically everything else.
2	I was so excited to try this bakery but had a bad first experience. I went here around 3 today fully aware that they closed at 4. So I thought an hour would be plenty of time to enjoy my dessert. Apparently not.  As I was ordering my desserts the girl helping me, whose name was Theresa rudely reminded me that they were closing in 20 minutes. She told me this at 315.  My excitement for my desserts quickly deflated after that comment. My desserts were good but were tainted by the service.
5	Not the first time to come in here, this place is positive surprising me and my taste buds all the timeNever tried the bread or those crunchy french baguettes but the sweets and the sandwiches(hot or cold) are AMAZING!The prices ARE the right ones, after all they're not cheap supermarket bakery products!Probably the best place to have a light breakfast in Vegas!P.S. Wish their place outside was a little bit cozier, but I guess it's because of the positioning!Thank you, Bonjour!
1	I used to love this bakery for years for their crepes.  Recently I have visited the bakery twice in the past 5 weeks and it was terrible.  The first visit a few weeks ago I ordered crepes and 45 minutes later they still never showed up at my table.  I asked for my money back as I couldn't wait any longer.The second visit was today, and I thought I'd try again as some times you just have a bad day.  So I ordered the crepes again...well the service was much faster but when the crepes showed up the Creme Fraiche was melted and the crepes were swimming in the orange marmalade sauce (as I ordered the Crepe's Suzette).  It really did look like soup.  The dish looked so unappetizing that I went back to the counter for a refund.  The dish was not acceptable and just didn't look good at all.I don't know what is going on with this bakery but it sure seems like they have management issues which is causing them to loose customers as I won't be back for a 3rd bad experience.
3	I have one hell of a sweet tooth, however it's not the sweet baked good that keeps bringing me back to Bonjour Bakery & Deli. In fact, I have been into Bonjour 4 times now, and I have only bought something sweet once. It's the delicious baguettes that they serve the sandwiches on that keep drawing me back in!  For under $10 you can get a large, delicious sandwich with a simple but fresh side salad. The full sandwiches are too much for me, so I get a half, which still comes with the salad. I typically get the ham, salami and cheese... The meats are nice and fresh, as are the veggies on both the sandwich and salad. And I love the house dressing! Service has always been fine when I go in, and I am usually that person pointing and asking what a bunch of stuff in the baked goods case is... and then not buying it. I am still served with a smile, though I always get my lunch to go so I can not comment on the sit-down service.The sweet side of Bonjour leaves a bit to be desired. There are plenty of 'bready' items (croissants, pastries, eclairs etc), which I rarely find myself craving...  They have macarons at times, however they are sold by the dozen only when they are available. I passed on those and tried a couple other items.  The mini Creme Brulee wasn't very impressive, and a bit pricey at over $4 for a small serving. The Raspberry Mousse however,  was deliciously light and rich. Overall I just find the selection of baked sweet treats a bit lacking and slightly pricey... but the sandwiches are delish and that is what keeps bringing me back.EDIT: As of June 2013 individual macarons were available at $1.75/each
4	I stop by here any chance I get, while driving in that part of town. Buttery croissants, and delicious  pastry overall. I forgot to mention the coffee. Basically, its a nice cozy cafe where you simply stop by for what you came for: your pastries. Nothing pretentious about this place, it's down to business with what it offers. I have bought pastries for various friends and now they drive all the way from henderson just to get these buttery pastries. I have to warn you, you will become addict to pastries and gain just a few lbs in the process. :)
5	After 4 years of living in Vegas I finally found a place that makes real "petit pain au chocolat" or chocolate croissant. I was disappointed every time I try to buy it from a place that's not really French.  The ladies that took my order were very nice, and I enjoyed having my petit pain au chocolat with a cappuccino in their patio. I can't wait to go back :)
4	Located on the Northeast corner of Flamingo and Rainbow, adjacent to the Sprout's Farmers Market. Best place to buy fresh baguettes. At a little over $2 each, can't beat it anywhere else. And limited amount daily ! So go early !  Haven't tried anything else but seems pretty busy every time i come here with customers eating.
3	I love this place for espresso and a nice sweet from time to time. But today my hubby bought 2 baguettes and a chocolate eclair. We were so excited to try the bread we broke off a piece while driving...wah wah wah. It tasted like water crackers =( I hate to say this but albertsons french bread is better. And the eclair was low quality. Im giving them 3 stars for their espresso and the friendly service plus they sell really good french brie in wood boxes ( f.y.i put some fresh thyme in the box and heat it up in a low oven...awesome!)
5	Really impressed by this place!  Bonjour is right by the Sprouts Market and is tucked away in the corner of a very unassuming strip mall.  Upon entering, I was hit by the lovely aroma of baked bread and pastries and cheerily greeted by the charming clerk.  I chose a chocolate brioche roll, a blueberry pastry, and an apple beignet.  All were fabulous and totalled $8 or so.  Great value and quality!  The nice clerk said that they have wonderful breakfast items and I said I'd be back to sample those soon.  What more can I say?  Come say "bonjour" to Bonjour and enjoy some quality French fare.
3	Craving for some French goodies, but not willing to pay high end Strip patisserie prices.  Visit this small neighborhood bakery.  They have  quiche, croque Monsieur, an assortment of croissants and breads and yes, beignets.  Can't go wrong with any of them.  Just overlook that one particular server who seems to be in a bad mood all the time which is such a downer.
5	Bon Jour is a hidden gem of the Las Vegas valley. The pastries are fantastic, as are the breads. Personal fave? The beignets!! But get there early because they disappear quickly. Tucked away behind Starbucks, they are worth the search. I promise, you will NOT be disappointed!! So sayeth the Yelping Doula.
5	Don't ever go here.  Ever.  They put crack in their food, and it makes you crave it. I'm warning you, you'll gain 500 pounds and look like me.  You won't be able to stop.I live 30 minutes away, and I'm in there at least once or twice a month.  Their beignets are some of the best I've ever had outside of New Orleans....and actually better than some of the recipes that I've tried from New Orleans too.  Just go early because they usually run out.  Besides, they are WAY better first thing in the morning and fresh out of the oven.  They are one of the few things in life that are worth waking up early for.
3	Nice place but be warned that you may find them closed at 5.45pm instead of 6pm as mentioned in their hours of operation.
5	I found this great bakery/sandwich deli while driving in Las Vegas. This is a place the locals go. We watched a steady stream of customers will munching on freshly baked vanilla custards croissants, sipping on homemade tomatoe basil soup that warmed your inner stomach, delicious. My sister indulge in a Roasted chicken BLT on a Country French Bread with a mixed green salad. I would definitely go back every timeI visit Las Vegas
4	Searched for Almond Croissants reminiscent of Paris...Voila! Bonjour Bakery!...A delight. We have had guests that request Bonjour Pastries before  they even arrive. Wonderful bistro food as well.
5	The only place I will ever eat tiramisu !! When ever I need to order a cake I do it through them and when I have cravings for dessert the tiramisu slice is what I get!!! Best bakery ever!!!
1	My 4 sisters and I went here for the first time just to get macarons. It says on their sign that if you get a dozen of macarons , it'll cost you $17.50 or $1.75  each.  But the size wasn't even I expected. We got a dozen anyway because it'll be $17.50. Everyone picked 2 each of the flavors we want. We were here for about 5 mins. The cashier charged us $21. One of my sister and I paid partially of $21. Got back in the car until I realized why we got charged for $21, maybe it's the tax, but that's only $1.42 of $17.50, then I multiplied 12 pieces to $1.75 then equalled to $21. But why would you post a sign and not follow it at all??!! Then you might as well post, a dozen for  $21  either way you get it for $1.75 each. I'm disappointed and never going back here again!
5	I've been to a lot of French pastry shops around town but I just keep coming back here.  Don't let the decor fool you they have the best croissants in town. This is probably my 15th time here and I'm finally writing this review. If you are looking for authentic french pastry this is the place to come.
1	I am a big fun of French food and patisserie, I used to go to that  place 3 times a week for breakfast or lunch, but everything change there during this last year, I order Marquez, and they serve it to me almost burned, u cannot taste any thing.  Last Sunday I was there they close at 4pm, I was there  at 3pm, and I want to order omelet, the server there she told me the kitchen is close, we can't cook anything, come on!!I had many bad experiences there, I will never go back, there are many other French bakery in vegas
5	Items Selected:Brioche French Toast with fresh whipped cream, ice cream, raspberry sauceAlmond CroissantChocolate BriocheBaba au RhumPear StarConsistently on a mission to find quality French pastry regardless of locale I was admittedly a bit surprised I'd not heard of Bonjour Bakery until just last week, the small strip-mall shop located just off Rainbow Boulevard suggested by a former Las Vegan during a conversation about things he missed most about Sin City.  Easily overlooked by those not looking but featuring friendly service and a consistent stream of locals throughout my hour long visit a trip to Bonjour begins with the nose as the fragrance of butter beckons at fifty feet and with a small kitchen menu plus two long cases filled with viennoiserie and entrements plus a wall full of bread difficult decisions abound, my eventual order entailing four pastries and a plate for less than the cost of five Sprinkles cupcakes or an equal number of croissants at Bouchon.  Beginning first with pastry as the kitchen went to work it was with regard to the warm almond croissant that I first exclaimed 'wow' as a sugar sweetened shell shattered to tooth giving way to subtle nuttiness and a wispy interior awash with butter, all of it Parisian standard without a hint of sticky frangipane.  Moving next to a plump baba that could have used just a touch more booze and then to a fruited pastry harkening a kouign amann in its laminated edges but more a galette at its custard core the second 'wow' of the morning arrived in the form of swirled brioche - a warm coil of eggy batter with great stretch wrapped around dark chocolate that had me lusting for the cinnamon raisin version just as the 'piece de resistance' arrived featuring that same brioche starter sliced and soaked in custard with a caramelized surface topped with berries, cream, and a dollop of slowly melting vanilla bean ice cream - the whole of it and of the restaurant both unexpected and 'incroyable.'
4	Super yummy pastries - I got 2 almond corssiants and 2 apple tarts. These items are huge and prepared to feel stuffed and slightly too much after being finished because they are definitely sweet. Also got some macarons ($1.75/per macaron) they have a huge selection - almond, caramel, strawberry, passion fruit, lemon, black currant, pistachio and maybe a couple more. The nice lady helping me had to repeat 3 times.. and I still didn't remember them all haha. My order came out to $26.50. It was difficult to communicate with the nice lady, however, she remained calm which was really sweet of her and told me to come back (haha probably why she remained calm) because of this, and the delicious pastries available, I will be back.
4	In a nondescript and slightly run down shopping plaza is this lovely French-themed gem of a bakery- sandwiches, soups, and more breads, pastries, and desserts than you can shake a stick at!I'm on a somewhat-healthy kick, so on today's visit I steered clear of the baked goods.. I mean, aside from the baguette my sandwich was served on. What kind of heathen do you take me for?!Ordered the full size pastrami sandwich and a cappuccino, shared with the BF.Order came out quickly and was better than expected- pastrami is not a thick, heaping portion, but a thinner, sparser portion that is packed with flavor. The baguette is soft and crispy in the appropriate places, and the condiments were house-made: I'm not a mayonnaise fan, but I'd bathe myself in this stuff. It was fresh and delicious, and the condiments really did make a difference.The sandwich was served alongside a small salad of mixed greens, red onion, tomato, and a house dressing- again, a delicious condiment. Whoever is in charge of concocting the sauces is a star! I inhaled the salad and left a scant bite or two for my guy. He was distracted by the sandwich.Already I can say we'll be back- in fact, Sprout's double ad day (every Wednesday) may now also be our standing Bakery Date Night until we try all of the sandwiches. Next time we'll have the salami and ham with cheese, and we'll have to come in sooner to get a cup of soup- they were sold out by our late afternoon visit.Oh, and the cappuccino was perfect. Good serving size, too.
5	We have been coming here for years! In fact, two of my four babies are probably made of croissants...the most authentic croissants, macaroons, French bread, quiche, and BRIOCHE. I love everything about this place, especially the personalized customer service (Catherine is the BEST!!) and that it is a non-chain. The irony is that there is a Starbuck's nearby always with ginormous line when there is something even better under people's noses with better quality stuff.
4	I have no idea how this place is. I wrote this review by accident.
5	Went to Sprouts for the first time today and noticed this place off to the side. I'm a huge fan of baked goods, so I had to made a detour before headed home after the market. I was surprised the variety of things available and the fact it was both cafe and bakery in one. It was busy and I like to see that in a place like this. I ordered the charlotte cake, some French Macarons, and chocolate eclair. It was nice to have the options of a coffee a eclair for my coffee loving friend, but she was sharing the eclair with her six year nice, so rain check on the coffee. I've tried the charlotte so far and it is divine! I will definitely be back in the future.
5	Absolutely incredible!  Excellent service, great pastries! Beignets, tortas, croissants, everything you could want. Even coffees, lemon sodas!  Amazing find.
3	We have gotten tired of expensive and mostly not so great pastries on the Strip. So, I was very excited about trying out croissants where locals eat. Unfortunately, the croissant didn't taste too much different and it was a bit under baked because there is a thick chewy dough in the center.I also ordered a latte which took 10 seconds to make. I have come to believe that espresso not made with love and attention just won't taste good. This latte definitely did not have the nice sweetness I often get from passionate barista.
5	This bakery has been here for years. My dad use to come here every week for their roast beef sandwich. It was such a treat. My mom loves their Napoleon. We had 2 birthdays this week. I got a Napoleon Cake and a Fruit Tart Cake. What a great deal! The Napoleon cake I got was only $39 and the fruit tart was about $37. I love the custard they used for both cakes. The pastry for the Napoleon was thin and crispy. My cousin graduated a few weeks ago and we got their tirimisu. That was delicious too. Also try their walnut chocolate chip cookie. Not too sweet and crispy.
1	I woke up this morning in the best of spirits and I had decided that a beautifully crafted piece of bread was going to make my day even better. After carefully checking review after review of all the bakeries around my area... I came to find out this place of business... Unfortunately for me and my high spirits, when I arrived with my mouth watering and craving for the sweet taste of fruit tarts and expresso, the place looked nothing like the pictures on their website... There were no fruit tarts of any kind, only these concussions of ugly looking pieces of bread... After waiting in line to come to the register, I asked the lady for the fruit tarts and she tells me there is none today.... Wow, what a way to make someone feel bad.... If the had said on their website "fruit tarts on weekends only" I would have definitely waited to avoid this horrible disappointment!
5	Love their croissants and their french toast. Coffee is great and you can get up and refill as much as you'd like. Staff is nice and they take your order to you if you're eating in. My favorites are the creme brulee, rum cake, chocolate dome, and ham & cheese croissants.
5	My husband was in town for work and brought me home an almond croissant. It traveled all the way to Colorado to be eaten by moi!It was just as I remembered! So delicious I even shuddered a little. My husband came in moments after I devoured it and asked if he could have a bite. Oh, I'm sorry! Did you want some?The danishes are also very good here. I can't comment about the rest of their offerings. How could I with these two distracting pastries of goodness on the menu? How I ask?
4	Stopped in today based on yelp reviews. I have passed by this plaza/shops and never noticed it before. Got a coffee and a donut, very similar to a beignet (pillow of fried goodness covered in powdered confectioners sugar).Coffee fresh and strong. Pastry lovely and fresh.
4	It has been 5 years since our last visit so we decided to stop in for breakfast and ended up sharing a palmier and a cream filled donut.  Though I have seen palmiers (aka as elephant ears) in bakery display cases, this was my first and I initially was disappointed because it was so crusty, but the more I ate the better it got until I decided I had made a tactical error by sharing it with my wife.
4	After spending my high school years working in a Italian bakery, I have a real adversion to pasteries of any kind...Went in one day to pick up a few items for a friend, and now I go back as often as possible. Even have friends that will drive from Henderson for the fruit tarts, the almond croissant or anything chocolate!!! I love that it is a laid back, no fuss, no muss, "locals" kinda place! The staff is always friendly and seem to know many of their patrons and takes the time to get to "know" the ones they dont..This place is a keeper!!
2	Their products are good however the customer service is not. I've been in a handful of times over the years and each time the employees act like they have a stick up their asses.  I'll go spend my money somewhere else.
5	This little bakery/deli is so darn cute! My first visit and definitely not my last! Their coffee, quiche, side salad with yummy dressing & their sandwiches were delicious!!!!! For a delicious & quick pastries/sandwiches, this place is a MUST (TRY)!!!!!!
4	Located in the same plaza as Sprouts, this place has a small unassuming exterior but serves some of my favorite pastries in Vegas.Here, the early bird gets the worm. Their almond croissant and nutella cookie are quite popular so if you go later in the day, you might miss out on them. I also like their chocolate chip brioche and charlotte cake. They serve breakfast dishes and lunch dishes as well but I've only tried their nutella crepe with vanilla ice cream. Pretty good. Oh! Also heard they have one of the best croissants in Vegas. Coffee served here too but they only have 2% milk. I usually get a cappuccino on the side.Because it is so small, they sometimes get packed. There is an outdoor area with about 2-3 tables. Overall, pretty solid bakery. Go here if you're looking for affordable yet delicious pastries.
5	I'm not huge into bakeries, but this place seemed to have more selection than i've seen at a few other bakeries in town.but arrive early if you want to pick from it all. I got there today afternoon sometime and it was slim pickings.
4	Traditional french bakery. Cute and simple design, the pastries are amazing. I tried the pear star and purchased a Nutella linzer and a croissant for my daughter. The pear star was perfect! I was worried it might be too sweet but it was refreshing. The ingredients are fresh, the croissant is traditionally made. The espresso is delicious as well. It's nice to find a place that doesn't burn espresso. They also have various cookies, tarts, torts, and breads. They offer salad, soups, sandwiches as well, and can make beautiful cakes. The prices are surprisingly good as well. They do not have a public bathroom, which is a bit inconvenient with children, but it is conveniently next to Sprouts where I do most of my shopping. Best place to grab a bite before shopping.Delicious! Highly recommend. Excited to visit again soon.
1	Some of the best pastries i have had in Las Vegas (not hard to beat) but definitely not the nicest or the cleanest place in town.Ive been going there for years cause the food is good but now i take my croissants and whatever else im in the mood for "to go" cause i just can NOT handle how out dated and dirty the place is, the chairs have holes in them, the floors are always dirty with previous costumers food (croissants flakes on the chairs and tables) The shelves with imported products on them are covered with dust, and its just plain Ugly there! no style, no charm, no restrooms no place to wash your hands, no pretty french decorations, just the same-old clocks on the wall behind the cashier representing who knows what. Oh thats right... other cities in the world...who cares?It has nothing to do with France, again the food is great but the Bakery itself is an embarrassment to the french community, Clean it up and try a little remodeling. MERCI!
