1	I do not typically write reviews. although I feel compelled to let people know how unhappy I was with Arizona Contractor License Service. Not only did they fail to prepare me for my business management exam but they continually gave me wrong information. First off, they "prepare" individuals for exams by setting them in front of computers to take practice tests over and over. The questions that they have you memorize are no longer on the test, as the state no longer uses ProMetrics. After I failed the first time, the lady at the front desk told me it was because I did not use the manual, but she would happily sell it to me for extra money. For my second round, I prepared using the AZCLC computers and studied the manual, highlighting sections as directed by AZCLC. They assured me that the only reason I had failed the first time was because I hadn't used my book. I showed up to take the Business Management test a second time this past Saturday, and guess what? No books allowed. Not surprisingly, I did not pass. When I went in to confront the owner, he had the nerve to ask me if I had written down any of the information from the new test. Excuse me? Cheating can get you banned from receiving a contractor's license. The owner of Arizona Contractor License Center then told me he would "help" me if I would "help" him. All I had to do was try to help him figure out what was on the new test and he would try to help me pass. Since I am a paying client, shouldn't he be helping me to pass regardless? Is that not what Prep courses are supposed to do in the first place?Do not use AZCLC, their business model is based off of stolen ProMetrics questions that are no longer used by the state of AZ.
5	Wow!! This is a great company. Everyone was so helpful in answering all my questions. I was in and out in no time and they even suggested a number of ways I could save money in the process of setting up my business. I would definetly recommend this company to anyone
3	All I can say is that I'm glad that I used AZCLC to prepare for my business exam.  With so much information needing to be read and known for the test, there system seemed to prepare me well.I didn't get the 100%, but passing by missing only 7 questions was good enough for me!
