2	First: Don't know why the Yelp! map shows this location being off Sandhill Road. It's on Desert Inn at the northeast corner of Eastern.Second: It's a Starbucks like any other Starbucks. Medium-sized, drive thru, relatively friendly staff, usual offerings.Third: Every time I stop in here, they screw up my order. Now, I do order customized drinks. But they're not crazy. I want a mocha. I want it decaf. I want it made with soy milk. "Decaf soy mocha." Easy enough, right? Apparently not.Last week I asked for this, and the guy taking my order forgot the "soy" part when he marked the cup. I wonder if he forgot when he charged me? Anyway, the one girl making drinks (I believe they were short staffed by one) made it, I checked it, noticed the omission, and kindly asked her to remake it properly. She did, but this was already after waiting 10 minutes for the first drink because they were understaffed. OK, no problem, stuff happens.Today, I stopped in again. They were fully staffed. I mean, there were easily five young women behind the counter, one dedicated to the drive-thru. So why was the girl taking my order at the register wearing a headset? And seemingly distracted? Focus here! Again, I ordered the same thing. "Decaf soy mocha. No whip." It was turned around in reasonable time ... and WRONG AGAIN. Missed the "soy" part. Do they not get a lot of orders for soy in this hood? I dunno. So again, I told the barista, and even SHE remarked, "Oh, they always get yours wrong!" Um, yeah. So someone else remade it, and ... NOW THEY FORGOT DECAF. But I didn't have time to wait AGAIN for another drink. I just left.And now I wrote this review. Get your act together, Starbucks at D.I. and Eastern. I'm not coming back.
2	customer service wasn't the best..  they didn't write names on any of the cups, a lot of the customers were confused.. I went inside to order because the drive-thru was packed, i guess this location can get pretty packed, especially during a "happy hour" promotion. they didn't have any marble pound cake, but the cake pops are really good.
2	Not all Starbucks are the same, this location provides hard proof of that. While it may be painted like a Starbucks and signed as a Starbucks, the service inside sure doesn't seem like a Starbucks. It's slow. As in entire Arctic glaciers melt in the time it takes them to make drinks. And surely they've heard of Sharpies, you know the markers you use to write someone's name on their drink? This Starbucks must be a Sharpie free zone. And why do they have a drive-thru when it's nothing more than a parking lot as you're sitting in park waiting in a line more often than not? Best advice? Stop here only if your caffeine withdrawal symptoms are about to push you over the edge, otherwise use your Yelp app and find another Starbucks, say like the one at Eastern and Flamingo.
1	Waited a long time for my order. Customers that were not there when I ordered got their drink before me. When my order came, it was a completely different drink. They refused to give me my money back. I had to leave with nothing to get to work on time. I will not be going back to such a disorganized franchise.
5	This place must be under new management, it's been nothing but pleasant the few times I've gone. Nice pleasant place in a boring neighborhood
4	This place is close to my gym. I always like stopping by before working out. The staff is very friendly and the atmosphere is nice. Good place to bring your laptop and get some work done after a few cups of coffee:)
