4	Jamba is definitely as good as it gets when it comes to chain smoothie places. We are big fans of the Acai antioxidant smoothie, which is unlike the other smoothies that we've tried there. It is super healthy and has a distinct flavor to it which we like because it's not as sweet as their traditional smoothies are. I like going to Jamba because they are always reliable, fast and friendly when we have visited, even if the smoothies are a tad pricey. But, you get what you pay for, and I would much rather pay a little extra for a consistently good smoothie that I know will be delicious than take my chances on an unknown place that most likely won't deliver the goods.
5	I love Jamba Juice. I can't afford to pay $5.00 for breakfast everyday, but when I can I come here. I love the Banana Berry Smoothie and (I don't remember what it's called) it's a concoction of strawberries, bananas, peanut butter, and granola.  Juan is working everytime I go in. He's always friendly, fast, and helpful. That kind of consistency is what keeps me going back to this Jamba, I have like 4 others to choose from between my house and work, but I continue to go here!
3	You can always rely on Jamba Juice to taste exactly as you expect it to, regardless of the location. Jamba is responsible for my addiction to steel-cut oats.  The overall experience (i.e. Interacting with the staff) is often hit-or-miss. The first time I came here it took nearly 15 minutes to get a 2 oz shot of wheatgrass and a Strawberry Nirvana smoothie. They were out of wheatgrass so the sole employee had to go to the back and haul out a new box of grass. Yes, wheatgrass is delivered in boxed up patches of sod. She slowly cut the grass and took her sweet time making my smoothie. Bad day?Today it was a completely different Jamba. The energetic cashier immediately greeted me and took my order, even suggesting a boost for my mood. Before I had time to finish the sample of Strawberries Wild my smoothie was ready. Even the low-cal smoothies are loaded with sugar, and the "low fat" baked goods aren't really that healthy...If anything, get the steel cut oatmeal!!  It's creamy, delicious and comes with your choice of three toppings. It kind of irks me that Jamba has their smoothies tasting EXACTLY the same at EVERY location..but then again, it's Jamba.
5	I've been here many times during the week and i've always gotten fast service. Occasionally you have to wait a few minutes, but you can see that the employees busy their butt to fill your order. I'd always have to recommend the Caribbean Passion and a blueberry muffin. Great morning starts.
4	I stopped in here after my workout this morning. It's Easter, and apparently most businesses think it's cool to be closed. Rant for another day though.This Jamba Juice was pretty cool. Roy was the guy who helped me. Very friendly dude. I ordered steelcut oats with a shot of wheatgrass juice.In some parts of town (my house), it's called the breakfast of #winners. Service was fast, everything came out as expected.I love you Jamba Juice. Thanks for being reliable, clean, and awesome.One star off because the tables outside suck. Not their fault....it is what it is.
5	First time visiting a Jamba Juice - EVER. Wonderful. Loved it. Fantastic selections, fresh wheat grass. I wish Jamba Juice was bigger on the East Coast!
3	Yes, I know Jamba Juice is a chain, but when you're craving a Pomegranate Paradise, a Mega Mango, or Five Fruit Frenzy (all of which are on the "all fruit smoothie menu" and favorites of mine), it's JJ to the rescue!This location and others I've been to are clean, consistent, and offer fast and friendly service.  Whether it's for breakfast or a snack, you can't go wrong with Jamba.  However, if there were a local smoothie shop closer to home, I'd give them a shot too... and FWIW, I do drive the extra few miles to Paradise Juice whenever the craving strikes and I have some extra time!
4	Clean store. Super friendly employees. Would definitely return.
3	This location is fine.  Nothing special, it's a Jamba Juice.  I feel like I get better service at the location on Central and Earl, though.
2	What happened?!  I know I haven't been to Jamba Juice in a while, but the cups got smaller, prices got bigger and the 'original' recipes vanished.  Shame on you!  I don't think I am ever coming back again.
2	So I would've liked to given this branch a better review because Carla on our first day was great! But on our second day we brought a friend and bought 3-16oz juices and received 3-12oz we were in a hurry and considering weve been long time customers of JJ in so many locations we thought it would be fine to let them know the next day. Well now we were greeted by the general manager of the store whom already showed us it was to no concern we even walked in the door. Then we told her what had happen and she asked what time we came in? That she had to look up the transaction. I'm sorry if that is company policy you should take a better look at efficiency when there's people in line. Because $2.40 worth of mistake could have been solved with a smile and maybe a 16oz for 12oz. You may want to think differently when treating your customers like the bad guy rather than  paying customers whom merely made you aware that sometime mistakes are made. But Thank you Carla for the smile and customer service even when our order wasn't right you were a sweetheart.
3	Yikes.  We went over the 5 buck mark for a medium sized smoothie. The smoothies didn't get any better and I didn't hear about fruit prices going up, so it just must be that time to raise prices or maybe it's the Scottsdale Road pricing in effect. This was my first "light" smoothie and it was light for sure, light on taste and flavor, but that did save me 400 calories in the process. They used to call out names of smoothie people, but they forgot and in turn, some moron who ordered the same flavor, non light, ended up drinking a light version instead as he walked out with my smoothie and cost me 10 extra minutes of my life waiting for another smoothie to be concocted. One sip and you can tell, but this dude must have been clueless. Anyway, it all worked out in the end.
2	I am a regular at Jamba juice, part of my new healthy diet. The banana berry with soy protein is my favorite. The staff at this location are not efficient. Takes time to take the order & when ready, they don't announce. So you could be waiting more if you don't ask. Their screen to add points on one of the cash registers does not work. I have lost points on more than 3 visits now. Bit frustrating and no apologies from the staff.
1	I have been to this location 3 time in as any weeks and each time I have attempted to order my favorite JJ menu item, the Chunky Strawberry. All 3x they have been out of bananas. Really....? How hard is it for the staff to pick then up in the morning or stock then the night before! At least they are consistent
4	Came here after our ascent up Camelback Mountain. We ordered fruit and veggie smoothies and a chunky strawberry energy bowl (there was a 50% of coupon on Yelp, awesome). There was only one guy working this morning but he did a great job holding things down. I usually get the same drink coming here: orange c-booster, but decided to try something new so I got the Apples 'n Greens which is pretty good. Can't go wrong getting some servings of fruits and vegetables in one smoothie. Note: they still offer all the classic smoothies, you just have to ask for them.
1	Just tried ordering the razzmatazz without strawberry many of times and the store clerk looked dumb founded and couldn't figure out how to make it! Walked out and won't be returning back anytime soon until they hire new intelligent employees or probably train them.
2	The employee at this location left me feeling unhappy and dissatisfied. When Seth poured my smoothie into the cup, the level barely came within an inch of the top. "Excuse me," I said, "but I can't help but feel a sense of disappointment that the smoothie doesn't fill the cup." His response came in a disgruntled tone:"Well, it's not even an inch. If it's more than an inch, then we remake it. That's just something for you to know in the future."The same message could have been communicated in a much kinder way. Rather than feeling better-informed, Seth ended up making me feel pissed off. I'm generally a fan of Jamba Juice, but I'll hesitate to return to this location.
