5	I was in an accident and I brought my car here as it was an authorized body shop for my insurance company.  I first spoke to Angel.....he was very informative and explained the entire process to me.  I was later contacted by Wayne and he said my car probably would not be fixed by the insurance company because of so much damage.  He had the adjuster call me and the car was totaled.  Everyone there was so nice....relaxed and reassuring, very professional.  I never got to see what kind of work they did but I do say that as far as customer service....they are probably one of the best.  Beautiful new building also!
2	Where to begin. I dropped off my 2014 Nissan Pathfinder on a Wednesday to have some minor work done after a small fender bender. The service writer  was very friendly and courteous. I informed him that a vehicle backed into mine and the spare tire hit my front end. They gave me an estimated completion date of the following Tuesday. On Friday evening I received a call from Service King advising me I could pick my vehicle up on Saturday. That Saturday I was at work but I scheduled my break around the time I was going to pick up my vehicle. When I arrived I saw my vehicle there and inspected it before I went in. I saw there was still damage to the grill and bumper. I informed the gentleman that was there who said he would speak to Mark and have a tech look at it. They would then follow up with me.On Monday I had to call and get a follow up from them as it was around 1pm and I hadn't got a return call from them. I spoke to Mark who advised me that they had to replace the grill and had to wait on it to come in. On Tuesday evening I got a call from him letting me know that my vehicle would be ready for pick up between 11-12pm on Wednesday. At around 1pm I called to make sure my vehicle was ready I was informed that it would be ready with in the hour and they would be calling me when it was. At that point I was frustrated because the expectations they had set were not met but I dealt with it. At around 4pm I got a call and was told that my vehicle was ready. Summing everything up the facility does really good work. In my situation I was not happy with the fact that expectations were set and not met. I was disappointed that I had to point out additional damage to the shop. The staff is really friendly and courteous.
3	I was referred to Service King by my insurance. I had considerable damage to my new SUV from a hit and run accident that left me in a small rental while getting my SUV repaired.The staff were initially very friendly and accessible. Also very knowledgable and informed me of all the costs.As the week progressed I called on Wednesday to ask the status of my car. I was headed out if town and needed to know in order to handle the rental situation. I was informed it would most likely be done the next day and they would call me. No call. I called Friday and they thought it would be done soon but couldn't tell me. I left out of town only to get a call at 545 (they close at 6) at night I could pick up my finished car.  My insurance started calling to ask me to return the rental and informed me I would be liable for all additional storage charges and rental fees.Monday I go to go pick up my car. I tried to put my keys in the ignition and they were the wrong keys. I took then keys back to the service manager and he said okay I will be right back. After 25 minutes he came and told me he will find them and bring the car to me. THEY LOST MY KEYS. I got back my rental car and went back to work.No call from them so I called at 545 to see what was going on. When asking for the services manager by name I was told he was gone for the day.The next day he called and found the keys were sent out of state with another customer and I could get my car by the following day. This finally happened and the service manger brought me my car to my office for me which was very nice but because I was at work I didn't get chance to inspect the work until I got home late from work that day.The drivers side door review mirror was installed wrong and didn't work properly. My back tail light didn't work There was broken glass all through out my vehicle.My license plate was only screwed in with one screw and was hanging sideways.When I called the service manager he said he would order me new rear view mirror and call me when he had done so. It is five days later and no call.They are polite and the body work looks great. But I am disappointed by the lack of accountability and professionalism. It was an expensive and time consuming process and I still have a broken blinker and rear view mirror. My insurance is now dealing with them. Go elsewhere for service!!!!! Service King North Las Vegas is not recommended!
3	Essentially impossible to see from the Highway but an immediate right coming down from the overpass from east to west it was only after turning around twice despite the use of GPS that I finally found Service King and although my wait for the Appraiser was longer than I'd have preferred I guess it was nice that the store offered free bottled water and coffee plus ample seating for those in queue.  Generally a clean facility but not particularly 'private' with cubicles dominating the front space I'm not entirely sure that those calling in have their identities protected but friendly enough and surprisingly efficient once the assessment began I guess it could have been worse, the hour of PTO I had to burn for an accident that wasn't my fault notwithstanding.
5	Special thanks to Mr. Giandjian, who works for Service King's Falconis location, for providing expert witness testimony for my legal case against another Las Vegas body shop for substandard and dangerous repairs on my vehicle. Mr. Giandjian's 25 years of experience, his vast knowledge of collision repair procedures and his ability to explain and illustrate in exact detail the way in which my car was not repaired properly and how those faulty repairs represented a danger was invaluable to my case.
