4	Thanks to Deb L's plus one, we stopped in a few weeks ago to check out drawer hardware.  It's like a virtual cornucopia of all things HGTV.If you need handle pulls, door knobs, bath fixtures, anything hardware, this is the place to go.  Just not if you need it in a hurry as most of the product is special order.Will definitely return when we have a master bath or kitchen remodel.  These two we won't be doing ourselves.  We'd like to save our marriage.
5	I have ordered and received very special high end Baldwin Hardware and bathroom hardware and the service is amazing. Ask for Michael
5	I just completed a 7 month project remodeling a 95 year old home on the central coriddor. Michael at Clyde Hardware was my sole source for Baldwin locks for my home inside and out. They have the greatest selection, knowledge and service I have seen in the industry.
5	This place is amazing. if you need hardware, pulls or handles for the kitchen or bath, this is the place to go. After researching this for weeks, I was told that there were tons of choices. I found the perfect pulls. They also have the most unique bath tubs, shower heads, faucets. This is the place to go. Thanks Edith for you help and recommendations.
1	We recently went to Clyde's Hardware for a replacement part for a bidet.  Salesman was helpful but had to order the part which he did on the computer or so we thought.  Told us the part was in stock, took our credit card payment and told us a day when the part would be there.  But they NEVER ordered the part!!  When I inquired, Debbie was curt to say the least.  Later called me and told me the part "was on back order!"  Not so according to the salesman.Why oh why would we want to do business with them in the future?  We were required to pay shipping ($13.00 for a plastic part that weighed no more than 1/2 ounce) plus tax, plus made several trips to the store and to be treated like that??  No wonder amazon and other competitors are cleaning their clocks and they have a sign on their door not allowing photos.
1	Negative stars---------------------The worst hours 7-4 and No F------- Saturdays. Wow I guess they do not want business
