4	Love their subs. Cheap and top shelf ingredients.
2	Over the years, I've watched while the prices have risen steadily, including a very sharp increase right about the time Jimmy John started building that obscene house of his.  Hmmmmm.... I wonder if there's a connection....  Meanwhile, quality and quantity of ingredients has declined substantially.  What was once my favorite place to grab a sandwich isn't even on my list anymore.  Kinda sad.I wholeheartedly agree with the other reviewer who complained about the avocado.  The most insulting part of it is that they charge something ridiculous like $1.00 (a huge amount when compared to the total cost of the sandwich) to add extra avocado.  In my experience, even if you pay for extra, there's still not enough on there to actually taste it.Paradiso is located in the same building as the JJ's on Lincoln, and is a MUCH better sandwich for about the same price.  I'd recommend going there instead.
4	I love Jimmy Johns. Better than all others (subway, I'm looking at you), IMHO. Food quality, taste, experience and fastness are all high points! I love that they deliver, and that they're open late. But I think my favorite part (aside from the yummy food) is the friendlyness of the staff. They always greet you when you come in, and say goodbye when you leave, and I have yet to have an interaction that's not pleasant.Also, they really are freaky fast!! One time I ordered to deliver at the Art+Design building, and they were there *less than 6 minutes later*. How is that even possible??
1	I do love you Jimmy John's, but when you tell me that I have to pay for a water glass after 10pm to go with my sandwich that is a joke.  The cashier laughed as asked for a water glass and he said it would be $1.50.  Are you serious?  There are other more worthy late night places than this location.
2	To be honest I have only eaten their sandwiches on 3 occasions..one time a friend surprised me and  brought a sandwich..the other two times were small promotional sandwiches delivered by wonderful,bubbly ,young ladies...but alas ..even cuties don't make a bad sandwich taste good. The bread was awful and there was massive amounts of mayo.
4	I definitely like Jimmy John's. It's my favorite place to pick up a snack in between classes. I like simple sandwiches and Jimmy John does some great, cheap, simple sandwiches.  Their 'slims' (no veggies or sauce) on the menu are only $3.25, plus I can pick up a ~14" piece of day old bread for like $0.50, and I've got myself a full meal for like $4; I can't complain about that!The staff have always been really friendly.  I think they're forced to sort of yell "Hello" and "Catch you later" as you enter and leave the shop.  But they sound sincere enough, so I'll say that's a good thing for them to do.  But, no complaints here. However I can't really complain about nothing and give it 4 stars, so:  Analyzing their pricing a little more carefully I discovered that for $0.75 more you can go over to subway when they're doing the $5 footlongs and get like 3-4 more inches of sandwich for 75 cents more.  I did some calculating:  You'd save 12 cents an inch of sandwich by doing this!  Over your college career that'd be approximately $240 (assuming an average consumption of 2 sandwiches/week for 4 school years).  Just some food for thought.  Luckily Jimmy John's gives me a $1 off for not getting veggies (which brings me to about 1 cent/inch cheaper than subway), so I don't have to make that decision.
2	I really like a good sandwich. There's just something divine about the combination of good bread, quality meat, fresh toppings, and well-chosen condiments all put together in a user-friendly package. Regrettably, Jimmy John doesn't provide that.Start with the bread-- plain white bread with zero flavor and no character. No whole wheat option (for at least a dollar more, you can get seven grain bread for some, not all, of the sandwiches), no flatbread or wraps. This is allegedly gourmet?! Then there's the filling. Somewhere buried under the bland bread, mound of industrially shredded lettuce, and pale cardboard-tasteless tomato there's a slice or two of meat that is hard to notice. Condiment choice is narrow, and the application thereof is extremely variably, sometimes drowned in it and sometimes featuring the merest swipe. Hot sandwich choices simply don't exist. You crave a hot roast beef or hot ham with melted gruyere? Too bad. These sandwiches are a step below even national chains like Subway, where they at least provide more choices and flavor profiles, from fillings to condiments to toppings, and yes, hot sandwiches!I suppose I understand why inexperienced, budget-conscious people would give them a lot of business-- the basic sandwiches are cheap and filling (all that bread and lettuce!), adequate enough for quick thoughtless sustenance. But for a place that labels itself "gourmet" it falls so far short it's laughable.I grudgingly give Jimmy John's two stars because it's possible to get a decent sandwich from them, by getting something from the "deluxe" side of the menu made with whole-grain bread, or adding extra meat, cheese, and toppings to the basic sandwich choices-- both options that will bring the cost beyond the tolerance of the targeted audience (and still not in the "gourmet" category).A word about the delivery: They advertise "freaky fast" delivery, which is probably why I see their delivery drivers committing every moving violation you can imagine. Wrong way on a one-way street? No problem. Right on red in a campus district where it's clearly prohibited? You bet! Ignoring pedestrians in crosswalks? Why not?
2	Politically, JJs is absolutely the worst. But the subs, OH the subs. That said, for some reason, this is the worst Jimmy Johns in CU. Not sure why, but it's never as satisfying as other ones. I highly recommend the one on Lincoln, though.
5	This is the best JJs in Champaign. Does Jimmy read these? If so I'd appreciate if you opened a JJs in my new location in Laguna Beach so I can enjoy my beach club on wheat again.
5	Welcome to Jimmy John's, the place where you can get a sandwich in your hand before you're done paying. I probably come here once a week, more or less, and haven't had any bad experiences. Still a cornerstone of the student diet, and great for a quick meal. Is it a little bit overpriced for cold cuts, veggies, and bread? Probably. But when you're in between classes or rushing to catch a bus somewhere, it matters, and besides, you probably won't find much better for a $6 meal anyways. The bread tastes great, the lettuce is always crisp, and the balance between the meat, toppings, and mayonnaise is always spot-on.
1	My friend insisted on going in here to grab a quick sandwich. The signage sucked so I already assumed the food would be nearly about as bad as it was, but never imagined it would be even worse than could possibly be imagined.Think Subway, but cutting even more costs and using day old cut veggies and grade D meats. One bite of my friend's sandwich and  it was apparent this establishment is run by someone who has no regard whatsoever for quality (gourmet! hahaha!!!) nor his customer's health. Jimmy John, you are a money grubbing pig of a man. You should be ashamed of yourself, and if you believe in hell, I hope you then believe that's where you'll end up for trading such bottom of the barrel filth, for people's, often times, hard earned money.Don't go here if you have tastebuds or any regard for your body at all
