3	The meat lover's pizza was very average, and there's little else to say aside from the fast delivery.
1	The chicken in my salad was grey, so I go back to the restaurant to ask for some kind of credit or refund, and the manager comes out, yells about it, and proceeds to STICK HIS BARE HANDS INTO THE SALAD and eat it to prove to me that the chicken is good. I felt like I was in a Seinfeld episode. HIS BARE HANDS. Their phone service is hostile and their food is overpriced for what you get. Never, ever, everevereverever ordering from here again.
4	This is my go to place when I have a hankering for some yummy pizza.  The sauce is delicious, fluffy crusts, cheese a plenty...ugh! I'm getting hungry.I have had the delight to feast on many of their menu items.  You can never go wrong on the pizza. It's super yummy.  Now please keep in mind that it's not like brick oven, but for delivery pizza this is it.  Wings are good too! I always get the fresh wings with the sauce. BBQ and Buffalo are pretty much my faves!Service has always been fast and friendly. The young man who answers the phone is super nice, and very efficient with his service. I have not had an order messed up yet. (knock on wood. :)  )We got a salad once and it was pretty good. Nothing to write home about, but acceptable and yummy.I would definitely recommend giving this great place a try!!
2	I am completely heartbroken. Vincenzo's switched ownership, and their food quality has definitely suffered.  The sauce and cheese were really bland, and you can tell that it came from cans. Wings were overcooked and tough.  They didn't even include ranch or bluecheese for dipping. WTF?  *sigh*  I guess I'm on the hunt for a new pizza staple.
1	This used to be our go-to delivery place, but they must have changed owners or management or something. Regardless, the pizza comes cold, the cheese is partially melted, it tastes frozen, and tonight they took 2 hours before I called the manager and refused delivery. Late, cold, crappy pizza? No thanks, I'll spend my cash elsewhere.
5	When it comes to Vincenzo's, I'm officially a bit of an addict. Funny enough, I've never set place in the actual shop - I order my food from them via Grubhub. So this review is purely for food and delivery service.Why do I say I'm a bit of an addict? Because when it comes to pizza places, it's often really, really hard for me to find reasonably portioned pizzas. Seriously - if you set a pizza in front of me, I will eat most of, if not all, of it. And when even most small pizzas are pretty huge, this means that often I just have to forgo pizza delivery in favor of a smarter dinner option. But then there's Vincenzo's, which actually has an appetizer that is basically a small four-piece pizza with any toppings you pick. Yum! And the one I got was still fresh from the oven - it was a little circle of heaven.Also, I LOVE the soups here. You have to like Wedding or Chicken Noodle when ordering through GrubHub, but hey, it works for me! And by the way: LOVE their cheesecake! I had a piece of Oreo cheesecake tonight that was really quite good. Not Cheesecake Factory good, sure, but sometimes, you just want a bit of chocolate, and boy does this place meet that requirement!As for the people, from my experience they're really considerate. I may order through an app most of the time, but if there's a problem, the staff has no problem calling me right up to let me know and offer an alternative. They've always delivered about 30 minutes ahead of the projected time, too - talk about speedy!Honestly, since I'm paying about $11 per order WITH a 15% tip to this place, I really can't complain. They're affordable, they're reasonable, and honestly, sometimes you just need a few basics: pizza, soup, sandwiches, cheesecake, whatever. Thanks for being my go-to for some pretty good basics, guys!
1	Well, the food, was meh.  I ordered twice from them.  The first time, the pizza was okay.  Nothing special and the order was over 45 minutes late.  I know places get busy, but they were quite rude when I tried to find out what happened to my food.  The second order was over an hour late.  Then the delivery driver tried to blame me, when he clearly had the wrong address (and I showed him the receipt proving he made a mistake).  Still, it wasn't enough to make it that late.  And the hoagies I ordered (Italian Sausage and my friend's was a Meatball) were less than yummy.  My sausage hoagie looked like they used the "so-called" Italian sausage that looks like hot dogs and put that on a hoagie with pizza sauce.  So, between two orders that we VERY late and lackluster and disappointing food, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
