5	I didn't realize Dilly's was a chain until I went to add my review to yelp. Dang! I though I had "discovered" this place! Ah well, the food still tastes as good. Dilly's bread is the bomb. Baked-before-your-eyes, this bread is the perfect combo of crusty outside and soft yummy goodness inside. The meat is Boar's Head and piled high. The soup is great, esp. the clam chowder, cream of broccoli and Wisconsin cheese. And even if it weren't, it's served in a bread bowl-- so who cares?
5	Oh, man, this place is the best and gives me a cream and richness induced stomach ache afterward every time.  But it's so worth it.  Bread is the best around.  Sandwiches are packed with deliciousness.  Soups are fantastic.  Salads are  super tasty.  I could eat here everyday if it wasn't for the all the diarrhea.
5	Give me a Dilly Bird on Focaccia with potato salad and a Coke and I won't have to eat the rest of the day. Portion sizes are generous but most importantly delicious.  Haven't had a bad sandwich yet and I've tried half the menu.  Salad's are for rabbits so I won't be reviewing those but the soups are absolutely delicious. Try it if your in the neighborhood, you will not be disappointed.
5	Bar none, one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  Love the Dilly Club.  Portions are HUGE, almost enough for two, and the homemade bread is as good as it gets.I've been bringing people from the office here, and they all unanimously agree that Dilly's has the best sandwiches they have ever had, no matter where they are from.Its a little pricey for a sandwich shop- most combos are just under $10.00, with a drink and a side, which seems a bit steep, but oh so worth it!Once you go Dilly's, you'll never go back to Subway!
5	My favorite sandwich shop, hands down.  Their half soup (in a bread bowl I might add) and half sandwich combos make the perfect lunch.  I've been diggin the Southwestern Club with Potato soup lately, although you can't go wrong with the Dilly Bird, Blazin Buffalo Chicken, or hot Roast Beef.  There's another place called Bison Wiches that serves similar sandwiches, but I'm staying loyal to Dilly's!  I've been eating there since my ASU days...
4	I had the Humdinger with a cup of Wisconsin Cheddar, what a meal. The sandwich I had on rye bread and i haven't had the black rye bread for a very long time. The soup was delicious, I wish it was more than a cup, maybe I better order a bowl next time. There will definately be a next time for Dilly's.
4	I've never had anything bad here. The service only suffers a little during the lunch rush but both times I had bad service on the phone, the manager personally delivered my order with his appologies and a coupon/discount off my next order.That's what keeps people coming back to your place. (Owners-write that down) Their food is delish! And I am always mixing up my sandwiches, changing breads,toppings, etc. They've served up to 10 people in my party before and still got all of our orders correct! Their sandwiches are very different and imaginative. And did I mention delicious?? The Irish girl in me loves the Corned Beef sandwich! Mmm! Getting hungry! I know where I am going for lunch tomorrow! Oh! Treat yourself to the cookie for goodness sake! You deserve it!
1	OMG four and a half stars?Apparently if you want a four and a half star performance from a sandwich, you can go to dilly's deli.  Alternatively, you can:Go to the store.  Buy a loaf of bread.  Make your sandwich with four slices of bread, instead of two.  Put mediocre meat on it.  Serve it with a side of potato salad that has too much dill in it and will stay on your breath for a month.Don't drink the water here because it tastes like sewage.  I could be in the minority here but the witches were in the minority during the salem witch trials and upon further review, who was right?  I rest my case.
1	I've tried to give Dilly's Deli the benefit of the doubt many times but I just can't do it anymore. The prices are very high for the tiny amount of meat you receive in your sandwich. Plus their bread is incredibly bland and the crust is awful. I always order my sandwich cold because I hate the "toasted" (a.k.a. smushed in a panini press) concept, but I guess that's where I make my mistake. Maybe the toasting covers up the tasteless bread and it helps to disguise the lack of meat? I've also received cold soup several times when I arrived shortly after the store opened at 11am. Finally, the last time I was in I noticed quite a few mosquitos around the floor drain by the soda machine. That's what did me in for good. Sorry, Dilly's Deli. I tried!
3	Better than most sandwich places. Calling it a "deli" is an insult to a true deli.Little on the expensive side so I go only when I have a coupon to make the prices more reasonable for the amount of actual food you get ... I don't count bread as food.
4	Sandwiches were good...a lot of bread though.  As in most other establishments good counter help is hard to find now a days.
3	I frequent this place quite often. Always love the 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 soup. I always get close to the same thing. Turkey and Swiss and either 1/2 wissconsin cheddar and 1/2 chic dumplin or potato soup. So the other day I was in and ordered the sandwich and the 1/2 wiss cheddar and 1/2 chic dumplin togo. When I got home my sandwich looked like someone sat on it and my soup was chic dumplin with shredded cheddar cheese on top. I was bummed about my lunch. But I will go again, maybe I can give em a higher rating next time. I will say they are priced very reasonable compared to other places.!
1	Well clearly I'm a glutton for punishment because even though I've had numerous poor meals here in the past, I really want to like this place. I said I was done with them, but I'm weak. There is a severe lack of locally owned restaurants in this area so I'm really trying, but I can't like them if I can't get in the door! I tried to give them yet another chance two weeks ago (June 19th) only to pull up around 5pm to see a sign on the door saying they were closing early. I was annoyed, but I didn't mind giving Chipotle next door my money instead. But wait, it gets better. I tried again the other day (July 3rd) only to see another "CLOSED EARLY" sign! I guess the 4th of July holiday had to start a day early. Honestly this is ridiculous. If you want to be closed early in the summer, then make up some new official summer hours. Or at least type out a professional sign instead of hand writing one with a crayon.
5	I am a self-proclaimed sandwich expert and I was so happy to find Dilly's.  Everything about it is perfect.  I've only been in once, but can't wait to go back to make my way through the menu.  If only it was closer to where I work, I would go all the time.
5	Alright, I have a bad habit of coming somewhere and getting the same thing over and over. I never will work through the Dilly menu for the simple fact that I am addicted to the BBQ Chicken, Blazing Buffalo, and if I am feeling quirky the Dilly Bird.Oh, and I cannot forget about the Wisconsin Cheese Bowl. I nearly inhale the stuff. Today I actually got so excited that I took too big of a bite out of my bread bowl and cheese was spilling all over the place. Clearly... a "food foul" and I was strongly considering licking it off the table. (Yes, it is that good)! I have also heard good reviews of the Boston Clam Chowder.I can't say much except that I've thoroughly enjoyed every trip I've made to this place. What is the downfall of the place? For me, that they close at 8pm. And because they are locally owned, they are closed down at random sometimes.
4	Seriously, this is a great sammich place in Chandler, and I frequently habit this place due to the excellent prices, service, and convenient location. They have free WiFi, btw, which is a nice touch, and located in a strip mall that also houses some other great establishments.
3	My original review of this place was very good. I have decided to edit it because since posting the review I haven't received the best food. The last few times I've come here, the soup was only luke warm. Nothing is worse than cold soup (OK, maybe a few things are worse...) I have a rule that I will never send food back because of fear that the servers or kitchen staff will do something to it. Instead I just write reviews on here. The soup was my favorite part of coming to Dilly's Deli. I was obsessed with the creamy chicken noodle soup so I am a bit disappointed in Dilly's for this.The sandwiches though are consistently great. All ingredients look and taste very fresh. I get the Dilly Bird. On my own, I would never put cream cheese on a sandwich but it is a great compliment to the other ingredients on the Dilly Bird.I would recommend giving this place a shot but don't be surprised if the soup isn't hot.
3	Its definitely better than making my own sandwich...good soups that come in a bread bowl. Let's not get past the fact that its nothing fancy....average atmosphere with average service...I would recommend to anyone for a good sandwich and soup.
1	I used to go to this Dilly's Deli every week when I used to live in the area, never had a customer service issue, and enjoyed the sandwiches and soups, but my last visit there wasn't so pleasant. I went on a slow afternoon during a weekday a few weeks ago and there were two employees working at the time, I was the only customer in the deli. I approached the menu board to decide what items to order for my family, and the female employee behind the register immediately asked me what I'd like to order. I told her I didn't know yet, and her demeanor quickly changed, and she let out an exasperated breath. I passed it off, but when I was ready to order I asked her a simple question about the combo, and she got annoyed and was rushing me to finish my order. I was so irritated that I didn't even order my meal. I paid for the items I did order and not once did she smile or say thank you. I felt like I had ruined her down-time at work since no other customer was in the deli except me. Whatever her deal was, her attitude towards me was uncalled for and I will never go back.As I got my items to-go, I asked her for her name, it was Lexie. She was a young brunette with a major chip on her shoulder. If you go into this deli I hope you get better service.
4	Dilly's Deli is decisively delicious. Also, kind of expensive. Figure at least $10 for a sandwich with chips and drink. Comes with a pickle!
2	Had the Humdinger and I was very disappointed. If I pay $ 7 for a sandwich it better taste better than what I could do at home. The Rye bread was forgettable, and there wasn't enough meat. If this sandwich was $ 3 cheaper it would've been appropriately priced. If I go back maybe I'll try a bread bowl people seem to like those...
4	Came in with the family today, it's been awhile since our last visit.We ordered the Stray Kitty on White with Tuna, a brownie, and the Half Red BirdI ate the tuna and just loved it, quite tantalizing. The wife enjoyed her red bird as well. And the brownie? Forget about it  - spectacular!! Didn't stand a chance. HaOnly challenge was our cashier (young female) seemed put out by our questions about the menu.I would have no hesitation recommending this restaurant to friends.
5	My family and I have loved dilly's deli for years and it doesn't  disappoint. We have had the occasional customer service issue but the food keeps us coming back for more. A half sandwich is enough for one person.... If I'm being greedy I also get soup in a bread bowl YUM!!!
4	Awesome sandwiches, reasonable prices, prompt service.  The bread is amazing.
4	Food is tasty and priced right.  I order the Italian on rye just about everytime.  Had the mediterranean salad and it's pretty good and feeds four people for I believe 6 bucks.  I've been to the Scottsdale/Thunderbird location which is a dump, cafeteria style seating and the bathrooms look like they haven't been cleaned in ages.  This one is set up nice though.
4	I was a HUGE DD's fan all through college.. frequenting their ASU location at least 2x a week and always ordering the saaaame damn thing (the Dilly's Dilly).  Lately, since I cook at home more, I am not a frequent customer.. however, on those occasions where I'm craving a Dilly's Dilly (not on the menu, but still order-able: turkey, sprouts, bacon, avocado, minus the catalina sauce), I like to get my fill at this location.So today I decided to venture out of my comfot zone.... yes, after YEARS of ordering the same exact sandwich I decided to try one called the Babaloo (ham, pulled pork, cheese, pickles and spicy mustard)... damn it!  I should have stuck to what I know! I found this sandwich to be boring in flavor and so blah, I barely noticed there was anything besides the blah sourdough... sooo disappointing!This is the ONLY reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5 - because this was a huge disappointment to me after many years of consistently great Dilly's Dilly, they had to kill my adventurous spirit...  I guess I know now to stick to my usual and not to venture out.. that's not really a good opinion to have of a sandwich joint, but sadly it's the one I have right now of DDs. Besides that, the service and staff is always fast, seating is easy, and their salads are colorful and fresh-tasting.
4	Actually this place is worth trying out....the sandwiches on foccacia bread was great. During work week it does get a little busy at lunch. I would try this place again...G approved.
3	Not bad.  Maybe 3.5 versus a 3.  I ordered a full and a half sandwich for 2 folks.  Frankly two half sandwiches would have been plenty.The big critique of this place (and I've been to two different ones) is that there's an awful lot of bread on these sandwiches.  I'm thinking ats why two half sandwiches would go pretty far for two people.
4	Went here with a recommendation and a coupon, so we figured what the hell. Reminded me of a cross between a small mom and pop Paradise and a Quizno's, but better. Their smokey mountain sandwich rocked! Bread was fresh, and good, and didn't leave a doughy after taste. Inside was clean, cashier was friendly and accommodating for our first visit. Enjoyed our visit on a late Sunday morning. I'd go back when in the area again.
4	Three words: "Humdinger on Rye"...what an amazing sandwich. Am definitely a fan!
4	Dilly's Deli is right down the street from my house so I come here often on my break from work. It is a great place to get a good quality sandwich on fresh baked bread. The prices are not outrageous if you take advantage of the half sandwich with side deal for $4.79 with a drink it comes out to about $7.00. That is not bad considering the great quality of bread and deli meat that they serve. I usually order the buffalo chicken sandwich on wheat which is delicious. I had to take one star off because I used to love, love, love the chipolte cole slaw but they are no longer making it the same way. This was one of my main reasons for coming here because I loved the flavor of this cole slaw so much. They used to make it a little spicier with blended chipolte peppers but the last few times I have been here it has been bland and peppery with no chipolte. They should just call it cole slaw now. So overall I still think the quality of sandwiches is great and a pretty good price. I am a little disappointed about them changing the recipe of one of my favorite foods but I will still be coming back for the great sandwiches.
3	Went to lunch Sunday of Memorial Day weekend. The music was too loud and all the booth tables were occupied or dirty. I'm sure the workers would have rather been else where. However, they still have the best Boston Clam Chowder and the featured sandwich of the month "Club West" was really tasty.
5	absolutely my favorite deli in Arizona. Love the bread bowls.
4	I've been to both the Chandler location and the Tempe location many times. The food is always consistently good. Their wheat bread is the best; my boyfriend and I didn't care for the sourdough. I love their soups! They're flavorful and come piping hot. Their chicken salad sandwich is delicious, as is their gobbler sandwich and the Italian sandwich. Their establishments are always clean and the staff is always friendly. I do think they're a bit pricey which is why I can't give the 5 stars but I'll still keep coming back.
5	Cheese soup in a bread bowl FTW!I've been a loyal Dilly's fan for years!  I've tried pretty much everything on the menu, and I can't say I've had a bad item.The Dilly Bird is my all time fave.  On white or sourdough is best.  The portions are large, and worth every penny.
2	My boyfriend is obsessed with Dillys so I agreed to go with him after a hike. I was ravenous and ordered the roast beef sandwich on dark rye. Very disappointing. The meat honestly tasted like baloney :( ugh very weird texture. I almost felt tricked? I may give the BLT a try next time but not a good first impression :(
3	On the plus side, 3 stars is about the highest rating a place that serves packaged meat can receive...I know it's a chain, so I can't expect much more than that, but with such a large location and great sandwich ideas, preparing their meat in house would make a huge difference.I've usually only go to their Broadway location and I must say that they do a slightly better job over there...It's possible that the times I've been in were just "off-days", but after having such good experiences over there, I'm always slightly disappointed when I give this one a shot. (which sucks because it's so close to my work/home)Of course, the sandwich selection is the same and very good...Enough great ideas to be able to go in frequently and not have to order the same thing. But this location just doesn't seem as...fresh. The pickles are often limp, the bread doesn't seem as if it were just baked (nor does it have that "fresh baked bread" smell) and I feel like the sides are prepared well in advance of when they are served. Perhaps they are prepared at a different location and delivered to Chandler?? I'm not sure, but the difference between different locations is apparent.  I'm not saying it's all bad...The ingredients, even when not great, are still good enough to keep me coming in. The soups/bread bowls are good and the staff is always very nice. I've never had a bad experience, I've just never had a GREAT experience. I will say, though, that you're not going to find a better deli in the area. If I'm looking for a decent sandwich at a reasonable price without having to drive too far, this is my spot...
1	I tried to call in an order and was left on hold for over 15 mins. I finally just hung up...
4	Good sandwiches and good fresh bread.The people are nice.The only downside is the amount of meat use could be a bit better.
3	been eating Dilly's for years and man today was not their best showing.  kid at the register read back our order 4 times and didn't get it right once.  my wife still didn't get the right soup on try 5.  step it up Dilly's I will continue to eat your food but it'd be nice for that not to be a hassle.
4	Quality sandwiches and great soups at a reasonable price.  Their bread is excellent as are their soups.  Sometimes the sandwich making could be a bit better put together instead of sloppily thrown on bread.  Usually their service is good but occasionally it can be a touch slow while ordering.  Their menu and their combo options might be confusing to some, especially if you are new.  We visit somewhat regularly, mainly on weekends when kids eat free.  It is a local place with four locations in the valley.  My family enjoys it enough that we will continue going here and we recommend this place.
4	Great sandwiches but a little on the pricey side.  However, they do carry Zapp's chips, which I am a big fan of.  I will definitely try the soup next time.  I saw someone enjoying their soup, and it sure looked delicious.  Also, their mac salad and potato salad seem to be fresh made and are very good.
4	I get dillys deli as delivery and its my fav! The gobbler is the best in my opinion:)Thanksgiving on buns.
3	The food was so so. Very little meat on the sandwich. I was a little disgusted that the girl taking my order was standing there picking her face, especially when she handed me the food without washing her hands. The other staff members were all in the back eating and not once did I see anyone wash their hands. My wife enjoyed her chicken salad sandwich and there is a good choice of bread.
1	Drove all the way from Glendale to this location thanks to yelp only to get home and my order was completely screwed up and had items missing. I'll call in the morning to request a refund but in the meantime never again will I visit at this location.
2	Short Review:I frequented this place. Ate here once a week and I had moved a couple of years ago. Came back to visit and noticed that management has changed along with the look and feel of the restaurant.Ordered my favorite sandwich, Smokey Mountain, and it was mediocre at best. This place now seems to have succumbed to the corporate threshold of Coca Cola, which they seem to advertise everywhere.So sad, so sad.
4	Awesome sandwiches and the sweet leaf salad is the best. They also have healthy sandwiches on the menu that taste great.
