4	Any woman who has ever purchased on a dress online knows the nerve-wracking experience of sending your money to a company without really knowing whether or not you'll look like you belong on a red carpet or in a deli section with the rest of the sausages, replete with burst casings. But I digress...I got the dress last weekend and it was satin and sumptuous. I put it on and... a tad snug in the hips and my girls are swimming in at the bust (and it's not like I'm exactly small up top). GREAT! And I only need to wear it... FRIDAY! I looked all over the place to find reliable and fast alteration shops. Then I remembered this little place because it's in a plaza about five minutes away from my job. What the heck? Besides, I didn't have time to drive all over Greater Phoenix in the hopes of finding someone to fix the mess that was my dress. I took the dress in to AZ Alterations Monday afternoon. It's a simple, tidy little shop and the woman who helped me was sweet and upfront. She told me they could fix the bust with no problem, but letting anything out in the hips would likely result in little holes in the satin, along the seam, from where the thread had originally been sewn. It wasn't worth the risk, so I asked her to just take in the bust. (Insert crash diet and body shaper here.) She told me it would be $45, since it would have to be a rush job, but that it would likely be done Wednesday, so we would have time to make any last-minute adjustments. A tad pricey, in my opinion, but I had to consider the type of material, the fact that she had to deal with the zipper and keep that straight, and that I needed it expedited.  As promised, she called me on Wednesday and I went right over to try on the dress. Not even the man who rammed his car into the side of mine as I was driving through the plaza could stop me! It slowed me down and required that I make an additional stop at a body shop and a rental car place right after I left AZ Alterations, but it didn't stop me!!! Yeah, that's right... *nodding slowly and raising my left eyebrow bad-assededly*When I finally got there (after exchanging insurance information with my parking lot  archnemesis in the Mazda who clearly tried to ruin my afternoon... OK, he didn't really "try", but still...) and tried it on, it was still gapping a bit at the bust, so the seamstress said she would make an additional fix and that I could come back and get it before the store closed. Now the bust is a perfect fit. And even though I didn't bother to fuss with the hips for fear of jacked up result, that part fits great now, too, especially after not having any carbs since Monday, and buying the "almost life-threatening" level body shaper. All in all it was a great experience and the dress fits like a dream! Just be sure you watch out when you drive to get there because traffic in that plaza can be a nightmare. FYI, the shop's business card says they do "alterations for men, women & children... casual, evening, wedding & much more." They also do dry cleaning.
1	I brought a pair of jeans to be taken up on the hem and for the waist to be taken in.  I was told that it would be $20 for this.  I thought that this was a little high, but I was in no mood to find another place to go to.  I was told that the earliest it would be done would be in 5 days unless I wanted to pay for a rush job.  No thanks I said.  I picked up the jeans on the 6th day.  The next morning I went to put them on and noticed that the waist line was not taken in.  The white pencil marks were still there, but nothing was done.  I went back to the shop and was told that it would be done in a few hours.  No explanation or appology.A week later I was wearing the jeans and I noticed that the waist felt really lose again.  The seam had completely opened leaving the back of my jeans opened.  Completely embarassing.  Again, back to the store I go.  I was told that the waist on jeans is diffifcult to do and that I could get them the next day.  If it was so difficult, then you should not have taken my $20 to do it!  No offer of refund, money back, store credit, nothing!
4	My husband has his dress pants hemmed here and they always do a great job. So, after a botched job at a different place I took in my black dress pants to have the zipper replaced....again! It took 5 days and cost $16 dollars, I paid $12 for the messed up job at the other place, but AZ Alterations did a great job.The store could use some sprucing up and a more modern register but overall I am very satisfied with the customer service and quality of work.
4	I love AZ Alterations! When you're 5'1" it's important to find a seamstress you trust! Ive been coming here for 3 years and I highly recommend! I've done bridesmaid dresses alterations, jean and pant hemming and jean patches. Always happy with their results and speed.
1	I have used this place many times but after my last experience I will never go back. They completely botched a brand new suit. The pants have had to be redone and the jacket never fit right. When I asked them to please fix it they said it looks "fine." On another jacket I had, I asked them to fix the arms and instead they let out the jacket making it worse. I suggest you use another place. They take too long and don't care to listen. Go elsewhere.
