1	I agree with Alice's review - even though I am a student, I HATE Po Na Na because it has such a 'yah' atmosphere. The students in here give students like me a bad name!!I once heard stories that Scottish people were refused entry into Po Na Na, and I can quite believe it. It markets itself as an entirely English club. What's up with that?! What's more my ex-flatmate used to work here and she said that if the punters won't notice, don't give them vodka in their drinks but charge them for it anyway! WHAT?!all the staff in here are what I would call 'beautiful people'  - they all look good but they are very much aware of it.My mum came to Po Na NA once on a hen-party and even she said she felt uncomfortable.Po Na Na? let's forget the 'Po' and you've got my feelings exactly about this club.
2	My one and only experience of Po Na Na was on its opening night way back when. Then, I was handed copious amounts of champagne on entry, plenty of drinks offers where available and with a merry bunch of chums the night was fairly enjoyable.Saying that, I've never been back as anytime I've suggested Po Na Na the response I received, lets just say, lacked enthusiasm.I'd been duped that night by offers and freebees, the classic trick of a crap club.
2	I made the mistake of coming here for a uni sponsored event while sober.  I made yet another mistake by thinking that coming back while drunk might make it slightly more fun.  I was less aware of the cramped dance floor and the lack of quick bar service the second time around, but I don't think any amount of inebriation could actually make this place enjoyable.  Just go somewhere else.
1	I have been here only a  couple of times and have never actually had a good night. The place is renowned for being a Rah,Yah or Sloane (whatever you want to call a spoilt rich student) HQ, so I really shouldn't have been that surprised by having a bad night.There is however, always a ridiculous queue to get in, and the first couple of occasions that I tried to get in during my first year ended up being cut short when the bouncers said that they were at capacity.This was probably for the best however as I'm sure that I would had a better night wherever I ended up.When you do get in to the club, meaning you have arrived super early or you have had to wait at least half an hour in the queue, you are greeted by another queue to pay. What's more, when you have paid, you are met by even more queues to get a drink, and this can take a good 10 minutes, and the drink 'deals' aren't even that great.The dance floor is pretty small and always cramped and the whole place just feels claustrophobic.Will not be returning any time soon, but you should nonetheless give it a go and perhaps this place will suit you more than it does me.
1	I've been here twice and whilst the music is decent enough for cutting shapes on the dancefloor, it's a small, hazardous dancefloor! My friend has a scar on her shin from a painful step/killer heel incident. You don't really expect to have to contend with random stairs when you're just trying to have fun dancing your night away. This place also seems to have a really high male to female ratio, maybe all the girls saw the steps, predicted death by heels and went somewhere more accommodating. It just doesn't have any redeeming features that would lure me back. It's not cheap, lavish or spacious, it probably relies on it's location and lack of decent clubs on George Street to get people in.
