4	My only tip to them would be to use real guac, not that creamy taco bell crap like they gave me on today. If they would have - 5 stars cause my machaca chimi was dang good.  I enjoyed the machaca more then then anywhere else in the area.  I would suggest hitting this place up if you are in the mood for Mexican Food, and NOT Serranos .... My wife said her plate was 3 stars, but would come back and try more.  based on mine alone .... I will be back!
4	Tacos and enchilada today. Good flavor & fresh salsa. Fast service and very friendly staff today (even though they were understaffed). You will enjoy Rudys lf you have never been.  Authentic AZ mexican food.
3	I enjoy eating at this restaurant although I have to admit they can be hit or miss as far as the food. Today I had a #4(shredded beef taco and 2 cheese enchiladas) and it was very tasty but I'm not crazy about the sonoran enchiladas at all. The salsa is good and the service is good but it has kind of a dingy "hole in the wall" type atmosphere inside. I do like how they give you an ice cream cone after your meal. The kiddos like that too.
5	I Love this Place ! Best Mex Food Place in Queen Creek and they serve pizza and fries for the little ones
4	Four stars and 2 of them are for the price that includes great chips and salsa and free ice cream. the place is great for lunch and breakfast, kinda slow service and cheap diner food but worth the price tag.The breakfast is great but slow and very local yokel crowd. The lunch burger is well worth 4 bux. DO NOT order a soda that is what kills the low prices. Decent Mexican food and decent American food as well.I am Italian so I may not be the best judge of Mexican as I think Taco Bell is ok. You can not beat the price and amount of food for breakfast, coffee sucks, pancakes rule!
1	First, service was great but the cheeseburgers weren't good. It's a shame because I can throw together a decent burger at home with some fresh ground beef and fresh buns. It's not rocket science! Not sure why these local places can't put a tiny more effort into their food to get repeat costumers. Also, don't sit near the kitchen because they have a noisy machine (ice, maybe?) and it's impossible to have a conversation.
5	Great chips and Salsa - Great free ice cream at end of meal.Nice down home feel - been in Queen Creek for over two decades.I love the chicken enchiladas with green sauce -But also there hamburgers and fries are a huge portion you can share with  a friend for fairly cheap.Meet there regular with folks.Pastor Ben CloudAMADEO Church
5	One of our favorite lunch haunts back when I often traveled to work in Phoenix (Mesa)   from the early 90's to the late 00's, we always ate there at least once during the week.  A favorite of Queen Creek locals, the decor was updated back in late 90's or early 00's before the real estate boom and then subsequent bust although you probably wouldn't think that it was as it still has that "hole in the wall" atmosphere.  Yep - the place was a *real* hole in the wall back in the days it had a sign on the door asking you to close it for 'em 'cause it was broken!The food is great but not absolutely the most authentic - think good Tex-Mex (or maybe Az-Mex).  No lengua, cabasa or menudo on the menu here!  The salsa and thin chips are unique - haven't had any like 'em anywhere else and others have noted the ice cream cone at the end of your meal.  Make sure you look at the 2 specials on the board - I think they just randomly choose 2 items on the menu everyday to sell at $0.50 or thereabouts less!
4	This is a great little local restaurant with a good value on quality, delicious food. The servers are down to earth and the ice tea is fresh and perfectly brewed.  It has a humble hometown atmosphere. You won't be disappointed with your order!
1	Normally we do not do bad reviews, but this was so bad and customers should be warned.My husband called in a pick up order that should have been ready by the time he got there, it wasn't. he was greeted and told it would just be a few minutes because they were fixing the his order. 10-15min later his food was ready and he was told his total was $84 ( the order was 3 hard tacos and two burritos) he said "thats not right" the cashier said "ya that's the total", he again said "no" and she then fixed it with help for another worker. he then paid $30+ for the order and left 20min after arriving.Once home the food was cold, the hard tacos were all soft tacos, the chicken burrito was unflavored shredded chicken and that's it there was absolutely nothing else inside and the chicken wasn't even seasoned, and the carne asada was like a normal burrito just cold, salsa was good, chips were just dry chips.My husband called to explain that all the food was wrong even after he had already waited for them to "fix it" when he arrived to pick it up. he was passed to three different people and the responses he received was no better then anything else. They said the don't give grande tacos as hard shells even though he clearly ordered hard and they stated that their chicken burrito is just shredded chicken roll up as a burrito in a tortilla. They said the carne asada burrito is a special burrito that's why it came with other stuff inside of it. The menu does not state what they say, so please be very careful when ordering so that you don't get surprise like we did with my dry shredded chicken in a tortilla. We would have loved some apologies for the poor service and food but instead we received excuses and statements that this is how it is. We threw out most of the food, wasted $30, and we will not ever be back to Rudy's:(
4	Great Nachos!
4	I have had breakfast and lunch here. Sausage and biscuits are great and their Mexican food is good as well. I would give 5 stars, but it needs an over haul on the decor for sure!
2	We were driving through town and chose this place based on other Yelp reviews and this is really the first time a highly rated dive didn't pan out for us.  First the good:- Very friendly and attentive service:  never had our water/drink glasses empty- If you are a sports fan, they have 2 TVs and were showing different NFL games when we went there (Sunday lunchtime)- The portions are definitely generous.Now the average:- The pricing really isn't that good to be honest.  For a family of 4 we paid $50 and didn't order any adult beverages or appetizers.  Frankly we can pay that in Scottsdale.- While the service was very attentive, the food took a little time to come out, and it wasn't super busy in the restaurant.  It wasn't a major flaw, but I did find myself wondering where the food was for a little while.Now the poor:- The food...just not good at all.  I found the refried beans to not be fresh or tasty.  Really seemed store bought to me.- The sour cream tasted awful.  I had to scrape it off my food.- The guacamole was mediocre at best - again seemed store bought.  My 11-year old daughter's guacamole blows this away!- The chicken seemed very low quality...definitely dark meat.  It was seasoned fairly well, probably because of the low quality.The decor is dated, but honestly that wasn't an issue for us.  Most of the time dives like this with high Yelp ratings have some of the best food...just not in this case.  I really like to support local businesses, but unfortunately this is not a place I'd try again.  Sorry.
5	Came here after a recommendation from my sister who lives nearby. We came in and were seated right away. Our server was very polite, personable and attentive. Right as we were seated, we were immediately given chips and house made salsa. The salsa was unique and had a great kick to it (not too spicy though). I ordered cheese and beef enchiladas and my husband ordered a beef burro and a red beef tamale as a side. Everything was fresh, handmade and really exceptional. Our dinner even came with vanilla ice cream! This is clearly a family owned and operated facility that takes immense pride in their work and family recipes. We will definitely be back!
5	Amazing food, don't be fooled by the outside lack of ambiance. Looks like a hole in the wall but the moment you walk in the door, you are greeted by happy staff who go out of their way to please. Chicken was the most delicious I've ever had on a chimichanga, all white meat and so moist, perfect. Great beans and rice, lots of food for the money. Even the iced tea was terrific. Go try it, you'll be glad you did.  Rudy's Rocks!!!
3	This is a decent eatery in the heart of old town Queen Creek. The place is spacious, and the service is fine. The food is good, not spectacular; the enchilada dinner I ordered here is comparable to Mi Patio's in Phoenix, though the latter serves bigger portions.
5	This place is good! Even with the restaurant being busy we got our food out pretty quick. The portions are great and you can't beat the prices, we had a large group with a couple of separate tickets 4 on each ticket and no one paid over $30 you can't beat that! You get free ice cream with your meal which is really good and the service is super friendly and welcoming!!! We had a great dinner out! The only problem we had was having to hear a table very loudly complain about EVERYTHING the staff was so professional, I would of tossed them out, but they handled it very well, and once they left we enjoyed the rest of dinner! You can't please everyone. They definitely gained a couple return visitors from our party!
4	We really enjoyed this place.  Not curbside appeal or interior ambiance but no great Mexican restaurant I've ever dined at has. Outstanding service in terms of friendliness which made up for some of the forgetfulness.  Good chips but salsa needs to be much spicier as it is a little amateurish :-). My food was outstanding. Rudy, the owner, stopped by our table to say high and he was very friendly and interesting. I'd return.
4	Great authentic food and even better service. Beer and wine are available and hit the spot. The staff is so friendly!
4	Nice hidden treasure in the Queen Creek downtown area.  I ordered iced tea to drink, and it was most excellent - definitely tasted fresh brewed.  I also had a guacamole tostada, which I give 5 stars to.  In addition, I tried a green and a red enchilada.  They were pretty good, but I had to take them home because even though they were a la carte, they filled an entire plate each.  Service was excellent.  Prices were very low.  The only reason I didn't give Rudy's 5 stars is the salsa was good, but not great.  Definitely a place I would recommend!
5	Great local Mexican food.  Mexican pizza is great.  Prices are very reasonable.  Love coming here.
3	Went here for lunch. They had one server working which slowed things down but not enough to complain about, the server still did a pretty good job but I could see the more sensitive type knocking off for it. The food took a bit but the portions are pretty big. My wife got a bean and cheese  chimi and I got the Mexican pizza. The Mexican pizza was pretty much a cheese crisp folded over with some type of green chili. The Mexican pizza wasn't bad, about 3-31/2 stars and my wife liked her dish ok but nothing too good. The beans were not the best and nor was the guacamole. The soda was flat and tasted pretty bad. The chips and salsa were nothing to write home about. But again, the portions are big and the food is decent but I doubt we'll be back anytime soon.
1	It was a Saturday about 5pm when My wife 2 boys and I walked in and there was only a few other groups in the restaurant. We asked if they had margaritas and the waitress said they only had margaritas In a pouch which seemed odd. We ordered our food and 30 mins later we noticed they were just bringing out another group's food. We asked the waitress about our food and she said it was going to be another 15 minutes. We told her that was too long and we would just leave. The owner walked it and didn't say one word to us. As we were walking to our car we noticed the owner taking to bags of food out to his vehicle. I would suggest never going here!
5	Rudy's is awesome.  They make you feel at home and serve you excellent food.  The prices are very competitive until you get the plate.  The portion proves that prices are outstanding for what you get.  The service is always stellar whether you have an expensive or low cost meal.  I say low cost because cheap refers to quality, and quality proves this is not a cheap meal.  You want authentic with a home type feel - this is your place.  Ask for Erika, she is awesome and will take good care of you.  Family owned and operated and they take pride in every plate that leaves the kitchen.  Their chips and salsa are killer!
3	The salsa was ok, the food was ok. Te staff was nice and helpful. I might stop back in if I was in need of a Mexican fix but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here.
