5	Our old kitty needed a vet visit but going to the Dr. is very stressful.Found Vet to You on Craigslist, and made an appointment for the next day.Dr. Gilchrist and his Tech showed up promptly the next morning and conducted a full exam and treatment right on our house.  Kitty is much happier than she would have been. Pricing was comparable to the large vets in town and 1000x more convenient.
5	Dr. Gilchrist came to my house yesterday to check on my 2 cats.  Dr. Gilchrist and his associate were so warm and welcoming.  My cats were so comfortable with them!After going to Scardy Cat Hospital in Scottsdale since I moved here, I decided to try another doctor.  They wanted to pull between 6-10 teeth on my cats each!  That was going to be thousands of dollars and I thought it was really extreme because 2 years ago I took them and the doctor who started the clinic said they were fine.  The new doctor who has since taken over was the aggresive one.  Dr. Gilchrist said he didn't even see tarter on one of mine (8 and 7yrs respectively) and the other was just a little.  Nothing to worry about.Wow!  What a difference!  My cats usually are stressed and lose a ton of hair after a vet visit and they were just fine when he left.I would recommend them in a heartbeat!
5	A year later our 18 year old kitty was ready to move on.We scheduled another appointment with Dr. Gilchrist and Alex and as usual they showed up on time and ready.   It was very tough for us, and akward for them I am sure, but they handled everything professionally and efficiently.All thumbs up, Thank You!
5	I also highly recommend Vet to You.  Dr. Gilchrist and Alex are great.  I have an almost 14 year old cat who I can't take out to the vet anymore.  The last couple times upset him so much that he did not eat for days and I had to give him appetite stimulants and I didn't want to keep putting him through that.What I really like besides their professionalism, good listening and thorough advice, Dr. Gilchrist will not do any unnecessary tests as many docs do to add up your bill.  Both he and Alex are caring and are really good with following up and checking on their patient.
5	Vet to you is totally awesome!  Dr. Gilchrist and Alex have a great demeanor with pets and are so knowledgable.  We had an emergency situation with my cat and Dr. Gilchrist came over and was able to catheter my cat and remove an obstruction that could have been fatal if not attended to - all on the bedroom floor!  We've had the same procedure done at the ER clinic and that cost me several thousand dollars, as well as an incredible amount of trauma for my cat (and us).  Our visit with Vet To YOu yesterday only cost us a few hundred and Kobe is in great shape!  MUCH better than the last time we had to bring him to the ER. I cant' even tell you how reassuring it is to have someone come to our house and take care of our pets needs - and not try to upsell me on stupid tests and other random things!  I would highly recommend Dr. Gilchrist and Vet to you!!
5	House Calls are great!  The cats I have now are not car-friendly, unless you don't want them in the car.  So getting a check-up and shots was amazingly easier with a great doctor who came to our house and was well-prepared.  The cats were accommodated, and it is a big relief for me.  My dog was happy, too.  I am so happy to have this vet available.  Dr. Gilchrist is helpful and understanding of pets and owners.
5	What a compassionate and thorough professional.  Our family had the pleasure of meeting Dr. Gilchrist and his associate Alex today when they came by to assess our 14 year old dog. This was such a positive experience for our dog to be examined in the security of her home. We were given plenty of opportunities to ask any questions and our questions were thoroughly answered. We will definitely call Dr. Gilchrist again.
5	Dr Gilchrist has been my pets veterinarian for past 6 years.  Through regular wellness visits to critical care.  He's been through the spectrum of their lives.  Always kind and compassionate.  Takes the time to explain and educate you on your pets health.  He's saved my cat several times when text books would say no hope.  Truly a gifted veterinarian and I'm eternally grateful that he's my pets veterinarian. Thank you so very much Dr Gilchrist for your talent and expertise...no words can express my gratitude.
5	Dr Gilchrist and Alex are awesome!  They respond quickly to email concerns and do their best to accommodate you and your pet's availability and concerns.  Dr Gilchrist is the vet for our two dogs, one is a silver lab and the other is a lab/boxer/ridgeback mix.  I would recommend anybody looking for a trustworthy veterinarian to give Tony and Alex a shot, they are truly awesome.  The "vet to you" service is very convenient -- if you have ever had to take a sick pet into a regular vet or Petsmart vet, then you know how much fun that can be for a scared, sick pet in a very different environment.  Don't put them through this, the at home visit is so much better.
5	Tony is the best. Met him through a friend and very glad we did. He's taken great care of our golden. Always asks how Scrappy is doing.
