5	Great atmosphere with amazing music, ambient lighting and comfy recliners and couches! Grand opening with free food and live DJ was awesome!!
5	Check out these great deals for Thanksgiving Weekend: http://www.mmlocals.com/.../gorgeous-lash-lounge/gll2013-01/
5	This place is amazing and it just opened up by my house so I decided to make an appointment for a new set of lashes. The lounge is nice and relaxing. Olga was the girl who did my lashes and she was wonderful and I loved the end results of my lashes! They now have me as a regular client!
5	Got the Rockstar in mink by Liz. Very happy. It looks very natural and my husband loves them. Great deal going on right now $69.
5	I have never had extensions.  I have received recommendations on a few other places but I came across this lounge on a whim. I went inside just to "check it out" and was pleasantly surprised by two women at the counter who did not try to upsell me on any product or try to get me in the door with pressure.  I listened to what they had as options and felt a good "vibe" about this place.I bit the bullet and decided to go for it.  I had Gesmerelda ? who consulted with me about the different types of lashes and also about the style that would fit my lifestyle (I teach fitness classes).  Like I said prior, no upselling!!! I actually started with Sweetheart to test out how my sweat will affect lashes.  The lounge is relaxing with soothing music and the most comfortable recliner chairs. It takes two hours but the time flew by!! I was so relaxed.  I love the final product and they feel totally natural.  I was advised of the care required and if I had any questions.I have never had lashes before and I will update progress of durability in the next couple of weeks (I was told with my lifestyle to expect a fill in 2-3 weeks).Based on my initial experience, I would highly recommend this lounge.
5	They have great service and great quality. I have generally very short lashes and never had eyelash extensions until I went here. They look seamless and flawless. It only takes an hour of your time and it looks amazing. Other places charge up to 300 dollars for eyelash extensions, but here they charge at a reasonable price and have great deals from time to time. As of right now I believe it's $69. They should last a month, and so far they look amazing! 10/10 would go again.
5	Griselda was amazing!! She was gentle and incredibly detailed. 1st time here, bought a Groupon and I'm so glad I found this place. I will most certainly be back and I'm so excited to keep these gorgeous lashes on!
5	First time getting lash extensions! Bought a Groupon for the rockstar lashes and I had Griselda. Shes awesome, very nice and gentle.Good music playing too and I almost fell asleep for the 2 hour process. Reclining chairs are very comfortable, very nice atmosphere and decor.Definitely coming back here.Update: I recieved a fill from Arlene. It wasnt too great. Heavy hands and remover got in my eye several times and it stung so bad. The only good thing was that she gave me a bit more lashes than I paid for(rockstar). They are a bit too long but im not complaining too much. But I just dont think ill be going to her next time. Ill stick to Griselda.
5	I just got my lashes redone by Griselda and she was awesome! This establishment realized that I was unhappy with my first set of lashes and they wanted to make things right. They contacted me and had me come in the next day to correct the issue. Griselda took over an hour of her time to make sure that my lashes were to my satisfaction. The difference between a good and bad establishment is that the good establishment is one who listens to their customers and goes above and beyond to make them happy. I would recommend this place to even my closest friends. The decor is tranquil and the prices are reasonable.
1	This is by far the WORST experience I've ever had! Save yourself the time and money and go someplace else. I got a fill with Arlene. She was SO slow and NOT gentle. She kept pinching my eyelid and she applied tape directly under my eye onto my bottom lashes and skin and she ripped them off so fast my eyes started to water. I've never said ouch so many times. It took 2 hours for her to complete a simple fill and I was in pain the whole time. I can get the same service done for half the time and half the price without any pain at Cherry Lash Lounge! Sorry Gorgeous Lash Lounge but I'm NEVER coming back. You guys need to rethink and change your techniques because this is something that shouldn't hurt.
2	I got my lashes done on 2/25/14 (about a week and a half from today) First and foremost, Griselda gets an overall rating of 4 stars. She was amazing and the eye that she did the lashes on are still full and beautiful. (I will get to that later.) I took away a star because I originally walked in just to inquire about services because I am getting married on the 19th, and I wanted eye lash extensions. After talking to her, she convinced me that Gorgeous Lash Lounge was the way to go. She asked if I wanted to get them done that day, I said sure, "what time?" She said, you can come back later or we can do it right now." I told her, "if you have time (time being the key word) we can do it now." Turns out that she didn't have time because she ended up switching out with another technician after she finished my first eye. So she set me up and got started. Don't really remember much of the beginning because the chair was so comfortable and she was so gentle I fell asleep. Towards the end of the first eye... I woke up. Now here is where the two stars comes in. They would get one, but Griselda was amazing. Another technician switched out with Griselda after she was done with the first eye. I was awake for this process. This other technician must have spent about 35 minutes tops to put lashes on my eye. This is based on the amount of different songs that came on. Mind you, I paid for the fullest set, you know... The one where up to 90% of your lashes are filled? When I was finished I immediately noticed the difference in the amount of lashes.  Griselda's eye had way more. The other technician told me "oh I could only do the lashes that were lashable, otherwise they will rip right out because your lashes are really thin." I told her, "that's crazy because my other eye looks much more full and no one eye has thinner lashes than the other." She just kinda looked at me. I let it go because my eye lashes were beautiful. I looked at the clock, it was about 2:15.  I started around 12:30. That means Griselda spent more than double of the time on my other eye. After looking at the time, it made sense why this other technician was rushing. I overheard her telling Griselda that she had a 2 o'clock while they were making arrangements to switch out. Not even an hour later, lashes started falling from the eye the other technician did... And more lashes every day after that. It's funny how she only did the lashes that were "lashable," but those lashes seemed to be falling out, whereas the lashes that Griselda did, although the technician said that they weren't lashable, are still intact. It got so bad I called back exactly a week later (30% of the lashes on the other eye at this point had fallen out... Griselda's eye... Still as good as new.) The person I spoke to was Cecelia or Celia... I told her the situation. Then I scheduled a fill with Griselda only because I can't get married with my one eye looking like this. After hanging up, I'm assuming Cecelia must have been the other technician because I didn't even get an apology, an explanation, nothing. (I will update when I go back for my fill so you know who to stay away from.) Here we are... A week and a half later, 50% of the lashes on my other eye are gone, Griselda's... Still good as new. It's ridiculous how horrible this other eye is. Lashes are supposed to last as long as the natural eyelash cycle with proper care. They should say, "with proper care and a good technician." I've followed all the after care instructions. I even sleep in the side that Griselda did, yet these lashes are lasting way longer.
5	I was pretty hesitant about trying another lash lounge after going to cherry lash for quite awhile, but I have to say that gorgeous lash is the best! The first time I got the rock star full set. The atmosphere is great, the only thing I didn't like was the music... but it wasn't a big deal. My lashes looked great and everyone there is really nice. The fills are just as great and my experience with gorgeous lash gets better every time.
1	If i could actually rate GLLounge negative 3 stars..i would.  The manager & lash technician should take a course in customer service.  I booked a appointment & arrived to be told i had no appointment...instead of acknowledging their mistake, we ended up going back & forth regarding the "imaginary" appointment at 10am.also there is a huge language gap as the manager speaks below average english.i will NOT be back nor would i recommend this lounge to anyone wanting to be treated like a VALUED CUSTOMER.
1	I have been going here for lashes for a while and made an appointment for a fill after 3 weeks because I have been wearing goggles in the shower, I didn't lose as many lashes as I usually did before. Well they told me their "New" policy was that if we went longer than 2 weeks it would be $95 for the mid grade fill. That's before a tip! Welcome to business suicide. Cherry Lash Lounge here I come. Lash people are on every corner. This is Vegas! So wrong to not even take it case by case and lump everyone all into the same group.
5	I had been thinking about getting lashes for a while. Did my research and with the help of other yelp comments decided to try this place. I got a groupon for my birthday and booked an appointment with Olga. It's been 3wks and I had my first fill today which I've heard is pretty good for first timers and I was not gentle with them at all  I have to say Olga is AMAZING!! I highly recommend booking with her. She is gentle, quick - with it still turning out great, and let's you know what's shes doing as you go. Even though there was a slight scheduling mix up this morning luckily she was still able to fit me in and best of all everyone there was super sweet about it...no negativity or argument and within minutes everything was fixed...if you decide to try this place out or give it a second chance I've also heard that Griselda is great, but I've never dealt with anyone else...the lounge itself is cute & has comfy chairs, but my 5star rating is all about Olga - you won't regret it if you see her!
5	I took my mother here for Mother's Day to get her eyelashes done and now she's hooked just like me! She went with a sweetheart for a more natural look while I went with the rock star look. I've been getting mine done for a couple months now and absolutely love them. My lashes tend to stay on for about 4 weeks before I see them start to thin out a little bit. Make sure you book an appointment with Olga she's quick and you can tell she's a perfectionist making sure that they look amazing every time ! The staff and the owner Dan are all very nice making you feel very welcome. They also give you a big comfy blanket to go along with the awesome chairs! (I fall asleep everytime) I have nothing but great things to say about this place! :)
5	After reading horrifying reviews I became very nervous to book my appointment for my groupon, but I figured I shouldn't let it go to waste. I was nearby on a Tuesday morning and happen to stop in just as they opened to schedule my appointment for a later date. I was offered a same day appointment having as I was the only customer there so early, and I happily accepted. Griselda was to be my cosmetologist which thrilled me seeing that she was the only name I recalled from previous GOOD reviews. I was ushered back to a very cozy lounge and sat down at one of the recliners. I noticed in a previous review someone noted that there was no privacy... Yet I don't understand that statement. I viewed this experience as something similar to a mani-pedi or possibly getting your hair done, none of which have ever been done in complete privacy, I mean this isn't a Brazilian wax service, THAT I could understand. Anyways, I slid my purse next to my hip as the chair reclined back. I was quite comfortable. Griselda helped me to relax and after turning on her light over my face asked to close my eyes and settle in. She asked me several questions about my preferences and also explained the differences between the types of lashes they offered. After we discussed my options we came to what seemed to be the right choice! She began working on my lashes, which consisted of some light tugging, but nothing too uncomfortable. After what seemed like a while I actually fell asleep!! After I woke I realized she was on my other eye already haha, but it had felt like I was out for quite a while. At this point I was just hoping I didn't drool or lightly snore as I sometimes do when sleeping flat on my back haha. I sat still as she finished up and finally she began to slide me back up and handed me a mirror. I was so pleased! They were exactly what I wanted and done so well!! I looked at the clock to see it had been 2 hours but so worth the time. Each and every lash was individually done and looked to be long, full and thick. I then went to pay and used my groupon to cash out, but not after tipping her $60. All of which she deserved. To think, the price of the lashes I chose were normally $220 or something close to that, and my groupon was valid yet saved me over 50%! Therefore it doesn't take a rocket scientist to know that when you use discounted pricing, in an industry that relies on appointment based profits you should tip considerably. Basically for her two hours she probably made the $60 I tipped her and not much else. So don't be cheap, or you will receive what you pay for more often than not. It has now been one full week since I had them done and they are still just as full and beautiful.
4	I had my lashes done by Brittany Rose and she did such a FABULOUS job!  They look so great and she has fantastic customer service!  I'm for sure hooked and a fan of lashes, Brittany, and Gorgeous Lash Lounge!  I highly suggest this establishment.
5	I'm glad I didn't read reviews before I came in, as even one bad review may have changed my mind. I bought a Groupon for the glamorous set because I had been going to another place, but after a screw up on our appointment time on my lash girl's part, I was annoyed, but I was also desperate to get a fill. I was going out of town and my lashes were on week 4 and looked like S#&*!! I was able to get a next day appointment with Hannah, who was very nice and greeted me warmly. The place is very "loungey" with these very comfy reclining chairs separated by beaded curtains. I was extremely comfortable. I explained to Hannah about my existing lashes and told her I wanted something thicker, yet still natural. She assured me she'd make it look awesome.The entire 2.5 hour experience was great. The only thing that was a bit bothersome was sometimes my eyes would sting a tiny bit, like maybe she got some glue in, but it would come and go and it wasn't major. Other than that, it was perfect. She was gentle and I could tell very thorough. At the end of each eye, she had a manager come and inspect her work and point out anything that she needed to fix and she only ended up having to redo two inside lashes at the end that weren't curling up right. I appreciated how thorough they both were.My lashes have never looked SO awesome. I'm now thankful my original last girl screwed up on our appointment time and I was forced to try this place out because it's going to be my regular place from now on.
4	I go here and book with Brittany all the time.  She is professional, gentle, and caring.
5	This place is so nice,luv the decor, very relaxing!I've been getting my lashes done for over a year and I went to Gorgeous Lash Lounge and saw Hannah for my fill. She made me feel comfortable rite away, her touch was very gentle, I'm pretty sure I feel asleep a couple times...but I woke up with a amazing set of full perfect lashes! They r also located in one of my favorite shopping centers :) Cya soon Hannah!
2	Hated it
5	Tori Douglas at Gorgeous Lash Lounge is awesome! She did my lash extensions and made me feel like a princess! So call her and book her for your lash extensions! ! Glamorous lash lounge is so beautiful and calming you feel pampered and beautiful!
5	Making an appointment online is quick and easy. They'll store your credit card information (if you want) and you can quickly schedule every time. Every time I've walked in they're waiting for me and have everything set up. I've never had to wait for my appointment to get started. The chairs are super comfy and I'll admit I've fallen asleep a few times! I have had three different "Lash Artists" & all three produced the same great quality service. I can't imagine how wonderful the "Lash Masters" are. I got the Rockstar Faux Mink and love them! They last 3-4 weeks before I even need them filled. I love this place enough to never need to try anywhere else. Get online and schedule now, you won't regret it!
4	Brittany is awesome, very professional and does a great job! They treat you like a Rockstar!
5	I've been coming here since March. I'm new to the whole eyelash extension but u have not looked back Thanks for making me beautiful
5	I love coming to this lounge it's always clean and comfortable. The chair is so comfy you could fall asleep if tired enough.  My tech is Brittany and she's AWESOME!  She takes her time and is very gentle.  She's the only one I trust with my lashes!
4	My first experience with getting lashes and Brittany is awesome! She makes you feel so comfortable and really listens to your requests. Thanks for making me feel beautiful!
3	This review is super late because I got my eyelashes done here probably 6 months ago. I had a groupon, I believe, and made an appointment a few days in advance. When I came in, I was immediately brought over to a station, which was a lazy boy recliner. It was super comfortable and I was already really relaxed within a few minutes. The girl that was helping me was very nice at first but then she took a phone call in the middle of the session. I didn't pay attention to her call but it didn't sound like a life or death emergency. The girl had to leave and then someone else had to finish my eyelashes. I don't think this sort of thing is supposed to happen. The session is only supposed to be an hour long. It was a pretty big distraction to have to listen to her talk to someone and then have to switch out with someone. I don't remember her name or the name of the girl that finished my lashes, but I wish I did. I am happy that my eyelashes turned out really well. I never came back since then but mostly because I didn't feel the need to get my lashes filled in or re-done.
5	I never had my eyelashes done professionally since I really never had to but ever since I've been pregnant they seem to have gotten thinner and shorter and I knew that I needed to get something done before my son is born plus I wanted to look like a hot mama during my baby shower and photo shoot. I am a huge groupon fanatic and I saw their groupon and went for it since looking at the regular prices to get a new set of lashes anywhere would cost me more than a weeks worth of diapers. I called and left a message of urgency last Sunday morning stating my photo shoot and baby shower were coming up really fast and I need to get in.  Kimi actually called me  back about 10 minutes after they opened and fit me right in. The session was so relaxing I fell asleep and when I awoke and was handed the mirror, I almost cried. They looked gorgeous and I finally felt sexy after feeling ugly for 8 1/2 months. She did such a fabulous job that I don't know how I went this long without getting them professionally done and I made a touch up appt immediately so I could come back before my son was born. I never ever have to worry about my lashes again. The real only thing that bothered me was I had to make sure that I didn't rub eyes, which I do every morning, and scrub my face, which I do every morning and night. That would be the hardest habit to break and so far I've been ok with those rules. But habits are always hard to break especially the ones that will cost a lot of money if I don't follow them. Kinda like going only 65 mph on the freeway when you want to go 80......
5	After wanting eyelash extensions for the longest time I finally got them! I don't regret it one bit every time I walk into the lounge to get them done. Cecilia does mine and she's great. I'm in love with my lashes! They really do make you feel beautiful.
5	this was my 3rd fill and my regular girl wasn't available so I got my eyelashes done with Brittany today and she was very knowledgable and helpful in recommending me which length and style to get. I wanted them to look a little different then what I regularly did and the results are AMAZING. I loved my previous style which is the glamorous set but she made it more of a cat eye effect which I absolutely love! she was also very gentle and sweet. we had a lot in common so I wasn't bored sitting in the chair. most people think this is really relaxing and can fall asleep, I find it a little irritating and tedious so it was great to talk to her to help pass the time. the results are always so worth it and she did such a great job! thank you again Brittany! :)
5	Brittany Rose is an undiscovered star.. When booking I asked for a master level tech and they assigned Brittany to me. I was VERY concerned because I'd had an awful experience with Phelicia at Epoque down the road. I was really scared cuz first set hurt SO badly & looked awful  Brittany is so calm and gentle I allowed her to talk me into trying her services. The whole experience was a 180 from Phelcia at Epoque. Brittany took a long time because she was doing quality work. She's an undiscovered star. I live in LA, CA and find excises to keep Brit doing my lashes. She is soothing and super meticulous. Wish I could give Brittany more STARS!!!
5	I've had some seriously horrific outcomes with other lash consultants in Las Vegas.  I was nervous to try someone new, but I was FLOORED by my lashes after Hannah applied the sweetheart set. I absolutely love them, and the price is shockingly affordable compared to others in town.  Thank you Hannah!  You made me feel pretty again!  Can you even put a price on that?  I highly recommend gorgeous lash lounge, but schedule with someone else because Hannah is ALL MINE ;)
1	Poor customer service. Kimi was quiet and unfriendly. She made me uncomfortable when determining if I was "eligible" for a fill, since most of the lashes she did fell out in a week and a half. I will be going elsewhere for lash extensions.
5	Lenny was amazing!! Fixed my horrible eyelash job from somewhere else. Will be coming back!
4	I've been coming here for almost an year. They have various lengths and thickness of lashes and you can even choose your fullness so you can go from natural look to glamorous look. Inside is very elegant and upscale, you can relax and enjoy your service in a comfy and luxury environment. I'm a loyal customer here and I'll be coming here again and again. I come here every 2 weeks for my refills, they offer many discounts and promotions so it's affordable. I get a lot of compliments on my lashes. They also have rewards card, so once you start coming in, you will get the satisfactory service you deserve!
5	My best gf did my lashes on point! If you go here ask for Inna she does an amazing job and the owner is super nice and friendly! It was my first time getting my eyelashes done and I wouldn't want to go anywhere else nor do I want to do my own!
5	Great place to get your lashes done, especially if it's your first time (like me). They have the comfiest seats and attractive lounge. All in all it's very relaxing and the outcome is great, got mine done by Yna and they're all very friendly.
2	My lashes looked amazing when she was done but sadly, they didn't last long. They were falling off within 4 days. I even followed all the after care instructions! Like I said, they looked great for 3 days. If you need them for an event on a weekend, they'd be okay. Save your money and go somewhere else if you're looking for lasting results.
5	I got my lashes done for the first time at Gorgeous Lash Lounge by Inna who is one of their newest additions to the staff. Even though she was new she did an amazing job!! I got the glamour lashes and I love them so far. I was a little worried after reading the few negative reviews about the lashes falling out early. So far I haven't experienced that but they've only been in a day so we will see.Overall, my experience was amazing and I will definitely return for future services. The environment is very quiet and relaxing which is perfect. The chair are also very comfortable.  You will most likely fall asleep while getting your lashes done.I highly recommend Inna and this location!!!I posted a picture. The top pictures shows my eyelashes with mascara on and the bottom picture shows the eyelash extensions with absolutely no mascara.
2	got my lashes done Thursday night and half of them have already fallen out, not too impressed with the work done there :(
2	got my lashes done Thursday night and half of them have already fallen out, not too impressed with the work done here :( what a disappointment
1	I was so excited about going to this place because I'd heard a lot of good stuff about it unfortunately the management there was so ridiculously rude. I went in yesterday to have a full set done on the phone I was quoted $100 for a full set with a 10% discount for my first time service...after having the service completed I go up to pay and the lady told me It was $169 and change, I couldn't believe it I asked her what was she talking about , because I was quoted $100 when I walked in, she said "well you chose a different style and that cost hundred and $169" I then proceeded to ask why was I not told this prior to the service, they told me it was common sense that if I was getting fuller lashes it would cost more! I then was told that I would have to sit back down while they took off some of the lashes... Yes can you believe that????? I honestly could not believe how rude the manager was it took the Hanna the lady who did my lashes to come out and offer a resolution of having me pay 118 instead. I still think it was ridiculous to have to pay more that the $90 it should have been but I was so angry that I paid it and left! Hanna did a good job, but unfortunately I will never go back to a place with such horrible customer service!
