1	NO MEAL DEAL?!?!?  $7.50 for a 6" sub?  NO REFILLS?  what is going on here?  this is the subway from the twilight zone.  This subway is located in the Southwest Airlines terminal and is the worst subway in the world.  the food itself is okay, but you wait FOREVER.  talk about inefficiencies!  (1) there is a separate queue for pilots and flight attendants, but their orders get mixed into the queue of regular customers.  this caused major backups and even instances where the sandwich maker mixed up pilot sandwiches with regular customers!(2) we waited FOREVER.  i think 30 minutes? and we were only 8 deep when we joined the line(3) there is no number three...just turn around and go to the sbarro's!  at least you get a whole slice of pizza and a drink for $7.50!
1	The other guy that rated this Subway was right on target. Not only expensive ($3 for a bottle of Pepsi and $11 for a footlong sub) but it is very slow service, dirty inside and no where to sit in the area. To top it off the short lady cutting the bread is probably the rudest fast food employee I have even run across My suggestion is to keep walking toward the C-7 gate and the are 5 or 6 clean - nice restaurants.
1	Worst. Subway. Ever.$11 for a footlong...ok, that's an expected airport mark-up, I guess.  But if you're gonna charge that much can you have better service?  The line was ridiculously long.  Our sandwich was sloppily put together, and when we pulled it apart it was not a 50/50 slice, but more like a 70/30 and the 30 part had all the meat.  My bf ended up getting mostly vegetables of which 1/2 fell out when he picked up the damn thing because the bread fell apart.Subway may be the healthiest thing to eat in that terminal but I would highly recommend eating anywhere else while you wait for your flight...the aggravation is not worth it.
2	$11 foot long. 30 minute wait. Register lady tried every upsale they offer (double meat, cookies, drink, water, etc).  Sandwich was good though. Thus the two stars.
1	Subway at the airport, awes.....Whoa, $10.99 for my favorite turkey footlong? I don't think so. My bag of snacks will make a better meal than whatever subways ridiculous inflated prices will. I'll pass thanks.
1	Wish I had read the reviews before I forked over my money.  This was by far the worst airport food I have eaten ANYWHERE. Two bites and it hit the trash. Massively overpriced, lacking flavor, and slow service. A 5-year old running a stand selling lemonade and PB&J sandwiches would have turned out higher quality food. In sum, avoid.
1	Run, do not walk, run away from this Subway.  The food is expensive.  The servers are RUDE and serve people out of order.  They take forever to make your sandwich.  As I was getting my sandwich, one of the sandwich makers SNEEZED above the vegetables.  Those of you who know me know that I have an unnatural affection for Subway sandwiches.  I even like that weird Subway odor that one can smell when walking past a Subway or opening the front door to a Subway.  It pains me to write a unfavorable review of a Subway restaurant.  However, this Subway needs to visited by the health department and be shut down.  Or struck by lightning.  Some act by a higher power needs to occur so I can fly to McCarren airport without being reminded of this traumatic experience.
2	The sandwich was adequate if uninspired ... pretty much what you expect from a Subway.  This was my first visit to one of these chain stores in several years, and will likely be my last for the foreseeable future.  Even amongst chain sandwich shops, there are so many better options available.I was waiting for a connecting flight and was wanting something that involved fresh produce (hadn't seen much of that during my trip), and this was the best option available.  I'm not certain if the staff were being rude, or simply incompetent, but it took forever to both order my food and receive it.  There are many other food options at McCarran Int'l Airport, so I'd recommend skipping this one.
3	It's a Subway in an airport. Pretty much what you would expect, inflated prices and long lines. Let's not over-think this!I've never had a bad sandwich here (although I have only had the veggie) and it's nice knowing there is a guaranteed vegetarian option whenever I fly Southwest out of LAS. The problem is that the restaurant is too small, which leads to very long lines at all times of the day. You need to plan on at least 10-15 minutes to get a sub here, so don't push your luck if you are pressed for time between flights.It's an airport restaurant and the prices reflect this. $11 for a footlong veggie sub is a little absurd, but then again so is $4 for a bottle of water at Hudson News.The food here is standard Subway quality and considering the employees have to deal with a lot of cranky travelers every day, the service is acceptable. If you have the time and need something that isn't fried or pre-packaged while traveling, this Subway will satisfy your needs.
1	The servers were cold and machine like.  The line was long, there weren't enough workers to move it any faster, pilots and flight crews got to cut in front of everyone (which sometimes I understand, but if the pilot has a three hour delay, they'd still use that short-cut line), and the prices were absolutely stupid.Worse still they were stingy as hell with the toppings.  I had to ask them "Can I get some more _____, please" and after asking a few times it was down to "more."The jerk at the end didn't even cut my sammich, and I'm used to that being done without me asking, so I had to wield a foot long turkey sub without any decent place to sit down.I won't be going back (and frankly I hate that airport to begin with).
1	$10.99 for a footlong sub?  $14.99 for a "premium" footlong. 6-inch subs start at $7.49.  WTF?
