5	I happened upon this salon by referral from a friend. I was looking for a nail artist to help me take care of my nails and speak English fluently enough to discuss proper nail care. Well, this salon is exactly what I was looking for. I really enjoy coming to this salon, the staff are all great gals that always friendly and very well versed in their craft. I have my acrylic nails done by Laticia Gracie, she's the best! So many people compliment me on my beautiful nails, "Wow I wish I could grow my nails that long..." and I have to admit to them that they're not completely real, but how great Leticia is at making them look that way! Leticia is extremely friendly, easy to talk to, pampers me, great attention to detail, helpful advice and just an all around great professional. The all around service at Champ's is great, but Leticia is the icing on this cake in my opinion!
4	I get my hair done here by J.T. and she is amazing. When I moved here 5 years ago I went through 3 hairdressers before she was reccomended to me and I haven't looked back in the last 3 years. She is booked solid most of the time but if you can wait for an opening she is worth it. (I always book my next appointment when I am there so I don't have any issues getting in)I have complex curly hair and have never had the "too short because most hairdresser don't know about curl factor" nightmare that I used to experience.
4	With tattered fingernails and tired feet I was desperately in need of a pedi/mani. I used Yelp of course to point me in the right direction. New to the area I trust that the reviews given are accurate. I found Champs Salon. I called up and asked for an appt. The woman said that they were completely full but she would take my number and call me back. I figured I wasn't going to hear anything but within 10 minutes she called! They were able to get me in a few hours later. The salon was nice and clean and I loved the products that were used. The manicure was nice and I really loved the pedi. They automatically do a scrub and a hot wax dip. I have two issues with this place. The first is the cost. It's a bit pricey ($20 mani $40 pedi). If cash is tight then this is definitely not the place you would go to on a regular basis. The other is that it took so long from start to finish. I was there for 2 1/2 hours. Some people may think 'wow that's great' but by the end I was ready to grab my polish, paint my toes myself and get out. Maybe it's me but I think that's a really long time for the whole process. All in all if you have the cash you should try it at least once.
5	You know, I lived across the street from Champs for the longest time and I went maybe once, for a bang trim - I assumed it was a crappy place because it was in a stripmall and it seemed like they were packing every possible service in the place, so how could it be any good?Well, I'm pleased to say I was totally wrong. I decided last week to chop my long stringy box-colored hair and go nuclear red, with a haircut that you basically only see in Japanese cartoons. My boyfriend, who has gone to Champs for years, recommended his stylist Cece (CC? Cici?).I have been to a BAZILLION hairstylists in my time. I never talk, I meekly accept whatever the stylist wants to do, and I always end up hating my hair. Not this time! Cece was totally on the same page as me about my cut and color - closely examining my reference photo, asking me questions as she went and giving me time to figure out if I did or not. My cut is *beyond* cute, and the color is SO red - Cece even went back and gave me highlights and re-colored them, because the color on its own was great but not AWESOME. She even gave me tips on how to keep the color really strong, which is good for me because I'm totally hair-tarded.The best part? It was the cheapest cut and color I've ever had. I'll definitely be back!
2	I went to Champs a while back in February for a hair cut and a mani-pedi.  I was having a beauty day and had a facial scheduled across the way at Southwest Institute of Natural Aesthetics for the same day. After some initial scheduling problems and call backs, I ended up scheduling my hair cut first (for the convenience of the stylist who wanted to leave early that Saturday), then my facial at SWINA, then my mani-pedi at the end of the day.My hair cut didn't go well.  I had a description of what I wanted and explained it very carefully that I wanted a certain length, but also some layers so it would do more than just lie there.  My hair cut was very fast and I noticed my stylist had a person waiting for them.  I was surprised it was done so quickly, but I left and went to the next appointment, kind of early.  Came back to the salon and had a great mani-pedi and a lot of fun with the nail technician who was personable and great at her job.When I went home to do my "after" photos I was surprised.... I seemed to have no layers.  I went to work the next Monday and showed it to my friend at work and she told me, "Yes, you have NO layers!"  So THAT'S WHY THE HAIRCUT was so fast.I called the Salon over and over again on Monday and there was no answer, not even an answering machine!  I was stunned as I had just been there Saturday and I was surprised that no one was answering.  I was so confounded by this that after my dance class that night, I dropped by, even though I knew they'd be closed.  I thought, well, if they are closed on Monday maybe they will have a sign for that on their window, even if the Internet doesn't have it yet.  But no, the window showed them to have Monday hours so I was still confused.I called Tuesday and got a human being, a nice man, who scheduled me a make up cut for the cut that didn't meet my needs.  He explained that they decided to close on Monday "because the stylists didn't want to work those hours" but had not update fliers, the internet, or put a note on the window. I got my make up cut and it was a very nice cut.  My stylist was nice, personable and did a great job.When I checked out, the stylist made sure to tell me that the tip I gave the first stylist was transferred to her, but I tipped her again anyway.  I felt they should keep my initial tip for the first stylist, who did, in fact, actually work on Saturday and cut my hair.  I felt I should have a choice in this.  I don't think they listened to me though.So I think my experience at this salon was mixed at best.  There are some awesomely talented folks working there.  The atmosphere is low key.  It is not a high-falutin', fancy schmany salon.  The prices are medium.  They could improve customer service a bit, and communication. Put in an answering service for the days off, make sure the hours are updated and posted whenever changed, and perhaps they could've scheduled my initial hair cut better so there was a stylist who had good time and attention for me.  I don't think the first stylist was a bad stylist; I think she was distracted.  I would've prefered to have them tell me I needed to schedule my hair cut on a different day, then to try to accomodate me but give me a poor cut. I knew initially I was calling at the last minute with a request for two appointments, so it would've been better to just give me a mani-pedi and have me do the haircut separately than to have me scheduled with a stylist who was distracted and unable to "hear" my requests.I would say give them a try, especially if you feel you can work around possibly communication glitches.  For me, it is hard to go back, and I will probably try somewhere else first, but I might go back in the future if I dont' find another salon nearby that's better.
5	I have been going to Champs Salon now for 10 years.  It's amazing how time flies.  Originally I started going to Champs to have my nails done (by Mandy Evans).  She came highly recommended; and is a lot of fun.  Within the year; I also started having my hair professional colored and cut (by JT; also excellent). Now a days our whole family has some kind of service there; whether it be cuts or hair shaves for the men or color and nails for the girls. Both Mandy and JT have done so much work for us, onsite and off.  For my daugthers wedding, JT came to the hotel and did everyones hair for them.  For MY wedding; JT trained Mandy and my daughter how to style it (wedding was a in Rocky Point).  Mandy then came down and styled my hair and my flowergirls; along with generally assisting with everything. Over the past 10 years we have gotten to know everyone at Champs.  Most of the girls here have been here for longer then this even.  They are very professional, and concientious.  They stay up to date with new processes and products. The worse I can say is that it is sometimes hard to get a last minute appointment because Mandy and JT are so busy; but I find that it works better to schedule in advance and not spur of the moment. All their work is excellent AND guaranteed satisfaction!
4	J.T has moved on from this salon. She is now at Leidan Mitchell in Chandler. If you are looking for a stylist, she is the best.
3	My update is that I went back to CIci here and I love her haircuts and color.  She is also very pleasant to work with.  No more oddness with scheduling has occurred, but I don't try to push them into anything complicated.  :-)
