5	Wow, I had Greg with Coyote Blinds come by my home and get me just 2 blinds for my french doors to my back patio.  I had gotten prices from both Lowes and Home Depot nearby but I was looking to spend close to $500-$700 depending on what we ordered and then I would have to install them myself.  Greg came over as a referral and I was skeptical that he could do it for much less than the big box stores but he was very helpful in choosing which blind to go with and since he brought samples i could compare these to my existing blinds in my home.  It was great!  The best news is that he ordered them and installed them for about $300!   Wow, he actually saved me money and put them in himself.  I would highly recommend calling these guys before you need any blinds, wood shutters, or anything that covers your windows....even if it is only for 1-2 windows.
5	Coyote Blinds came in and gave me a smoking deal on blinds, as well as fixed some broken ones I had. I dealt with Greg.  He was great and made it very simple!
5	Greg from Coyote Blinds is extremely professional and does an excellent job. He came to my home and measured for blinds and sunscreens. He returned the next week and installed them. He is fast in the installation and I was so pleased with the product and quality!  What I really liked was he priced the windows separately and offered to allow me to purchase them on a as needed basis.  I was glad I made the plunge and purchased them all at one time.  What a difference in my house and my light bill!  I would highly recommend Coyote Blinds to anyone needing blinds or sunscreens.
5	What a find.  Greg is the ultimate professional. Orignially just wanted one door covered with wooden blinds, but i was so impressed with the fact the owner would come out and quote me a price and bring samples right to my house  I decided to do another room. Professional, good price, friendly and installed for me. This is truly a find, I would recommend any one looking at window coverings to check coyote blinds.
5	Greg is so professional and knowledgable. I have older windows and tried to get estimates from other companies but no other company knew how to properly install blinds with my complicated windows Not only did Greg know what to do, he did it for a better price!
5	Greg,Owner of Coyote blinds,is exceptional, in all of his work details and customer service.We use his company on all of our projects as a remodeling company.Our customer simply love his professionalism, never can say enough about.you cannot go wrong with Coyote blinds.if you are looking for blinds or shutters,look no where else, but too his company for god prices and service.
5	Greg and Coyote Blind Company are beyond great!  Greg came to my house and provided quotes on two windows that were up high in vaulted room.  Greg came in, took the measurements and provided with a great quote!  My wife and I decided to only do one of the windows for now.  Today, Greg just got done installing the blinds and they were a perfect fit!  Greg had to use a 20' ladder to do the installation and I was worried that the ladder might leave marks on my light colored walls, but Greg was a pro, and there was no marks or dings to the wall!  This was a major worry of mine because I had a couple of other companies come out and quote blinds for the same windows and they left hand marks and dings on the wall just to provide a quote!   It required me to get out my ladder and the paint bucket once they left to repair my "free" estimate.  During the install I had mentioned to Greg that I had a couple of existing Valance's on other sets of blinds that the clips had broken off in my house.  Greg went to his truck and grabbed some new clips and put them back on the Valance's at no charge!  All in all Greg was very professional, had a great price, respectful of my home and went out of his way to fix something else of mine for free.  I would definitely recommend Greg and his company.
5	Greg at Coyote Blind Company was absolutely UH-MAY-ZING!!! We shopped around, received multiple estimates and Greg surpassed them all!!! The quality is UNBELIEVABLE!!! It's been over a year since we had our blinds installed and the STILL look brand new!!! Easy to clean/wipe down (btw, ALL different sizes -- foyer is tall and narrow, family room -- tall and wide, kitchen pretty standard but not, in addition to four more bedrooms -- all different sizes). He installed 13 blinds in no time. I'm very picky but more than satisfied a year later. I actually came on here so I could call and have him custom make blinds for our sliding glass door. Then I realized I never wrote a review. Glad I didn't bc now anyone wondering about the true quality of these blinds...look no further! Make the call. We have a custom built home and quality is everything to us. We will continue to refer CBC to anyone and everyone looking!!!
5	Greg was so great to work with! He was able to do just what I wanted for a great price and get me super quality shutters. He matched my shutters to my paint, helped me get a custom molding around my shutters to match my cupboards, and did everything with a smile and FAST!! I am so glad I went with him! I am a perfectionist and he was just perfect to work with. Thanks Greg!!If your looking for window treatments look no further, you wont be disappointed!
5	Quality through and through with prices no one can beat.  What a blessing to find Greg.  He is the most honest businessman I have ever met and he installs beautiful wood blinds!
5	Have to edit on original review....Greg made up for lost time and he was able to get our other blind put up and he was willing to do it at cost, well we can't have that! We asked him if we have any other business can we call him and he said yes. Excellent service with a great smile!
5	He has since taken care of blind request and we are thrilled again with his work and now service. Great guy and great work!
5	Spectacular customer service and I just love the blinds.  Greg did the measuring and install and replaced 1 blind due to a small defect that I hadn't even noticed.  Very reasonable and much higher quality than the big box stores!!!  Check him out FIRST.
5	Did a lot of research and talked with a lot of companies and thank God we went with Coyote Blinds. The owner came to the house gave a free estimate with no pressure. Allowed us to take the time we need before we ordered and never went against his word. He followed up and got the shutters to us as he said he would.they are beautiful...Talk about great customer service and product. Our shutters are better than what you find at Lowe's or home Depot and for thousands of dollars cheaper. Then the people that installed them were professional and neat and clean. Moved quick but did quality work and cleaned up the area cleaner than when they arrived. They Wiped every shutter down i was so impressed. If your looking to get you windows covered don't call any one else but coyote blinds... thanks again guys!!
