4	Why hello Mr Divino Enoteca. Quite the smooth mover aren't you?After receiving an invitation for a swishing event at Divino Enoteca I thought "where?" I assumed this is one of those places for people in the know, an Edinburgh establishment, that I hadn't been lucky enough to hear about yet.Turns out this wee diamond is a relative new-comer to the Edinburgh bar scene. An Italian wine bar under George IV bridge, I'd actually passed it several times and not noticed. (Probably plugged into my iphone...the shame.)I was actually very torn about writing this review. FTR badge...oh. Amazing wine bar that not many people seem to know about, thus uninhabited by suits and trendies...oh. Spotlight...oh no. What to do? I kind of wanted to keep it my wee secret. But it really is too good and has to be shared.A wine and antipasti bar, it is very smooth and swish inside. Bare brick walls, dark polished wood, smooth talking Italian waiters ("you biilll Bella"). Sadly I sampled neither wine nor food, but there are wines lining every wall, a menu that is categorised by regions of Italy, and the cocktail menu covers but three - the classy ones (with olives). Like I said, swish. The antipasti platter looks delicious, as did the aubergine with cheese. I had food envy. Someone also spoke very highly of their rocket salad. Plain rocket salad, but tasty.I am now trying to work out when I can next come here and indulge in a good bottle of red and some antipasti. I hope its soon. It looks like a great place to relax with a glass of wine, on some couches or by the bar, or have some antipasti. I can see that it could get quite trendy. I hope it stays classy.
5	So good. We found this place on yelp and although it was a bit tricky to find, it was a cosy, charming atmosphere and had WONDERFUL food!The people were truly italian and the food was wonderful. Definitely recommended.
4	Edinburgh is chocca-block with gastropub. Places you can go in the evening for some sweet potato fries and a pint of beer. Or a burger and a glass of wine. All very much the same. Don't get me wrong, I like gastro pubs.But enter Divino Enoteca and there's a rarer breed of bars, of the food / gastro variety, but that isn't a "gastropub". It's an Italian antipasti and wine bar, that also serves full meals in a restaurant, and balances the two very well.The first think that strikes you is the interior and ambiance.It's basement level, and the bar itself is hidden almost under George IV Bridge. You'd never walk by it, and perhaps only come here if invited or if you'd heard about it before. So it has that element of a hidden secret. Inside, it's all dark wood and low lighting. Very dim, very romantic and moody and brooding.The waiters are well dressed, courteous and so very Italian. The food on offer varies from antipasti, to full lasagnas and pasta mains.The main feature, however, is that Divino Enoteca can offer a huge variety of wines by the glass, rather than a house red and a token second. I think there's at least 30 wines by the glass. They employ a certain technique of holding the bottles and extracting the wine that doesn't let it oxidise. You can see all the wines held in this contraption (in a subtle way) that allows this.The food itself was nice. Nothing hugely outstanding, but still very nice. Classy, well presented, a nice balsamic reduction on my steak.I just love the secretive, seductive quality of the bar. In the Old Town, surrounded by so-chic cocktail bars and real ale old man boozers and new beer bars, it's a diamond in the rough. It suited a quiet Monday night birthday dinner perfectly, would be nice for taking the parents out, a celebratory dinner, and of course a romantic date. I wouldn't come back for the food alone, but I would come back for the ambiance, the hidden nature and the wonderful wines by the glass.
3	Overall, Divino is a first rate wine bar. It's an absolute gem - the wine flights are fun to try and reasonably priced for the opportunity to try a range of wines. The bar area is very stylish and well laid out with the huge wine dispenser on display in the centre. The staff didn't explain the wines but luckily there was a cute little card that they sat on with all the information you needed to pretend to know what you were doing!I don't think however that the food is quite up to the standard it should be. We did eat there about  4 months ago and were quite disappointed by the selection and quality. Last night I only had a couple of bar snacks and, while the food was nice it was missing that little bit to make it great, which really wouldn't be hard with a plate of bresaola and some mushroom pate! Some high quality nibbling platters would be great to have with the wines with lovely Italian antipasto, olives, calamari, sardines perhaps... yum!Don't get me wrong. I'll go back. I'll go back quite soon, but it will only be for lots of wine and a great night chatting in the bar.
5	Great place!  Not inexpensive, but worth every pound.  The service was fantastic and their menu (from soup, to the amazing duck, to the tiramisu & whiskey, to the after dinner Cuban) was all I could ask for!
4	Tucked away under the George the IV bridge, Divino is a little welcoming Italian oasis in Edinburgh. At basement level, its all dark and atmospheric and lovely for drinks, nibbles or a full on romantic night.Not tried any bad wine here yet. Was here for Wine Club the other week and the wine we sampled (I ended up trying 3 in total) was all lovely. Just be sure you know what you are ordering as the wine will change depending on what food you are eating - in some cases quite dramatically.Divino is owned by the Vittoria group but is more high end. Tapas style plates, sharing plates or full plates are all available. I tried some antipasti with the yelper gang which was lovely and then I ended up ordering the selection of 5 cheeses with honey, pear and walnuts. The cheeses were lovely as was the honey. I gave away the accompanying crackers (not GF) but there should have been more pear beyond the two very thin slivers and more than 3 walnuts which I had to request. Other yelpers food looked lovely though and the desserts were wonderful - including a perfectly textured pannacotta  bang goes the diet! I will come back for food and/or drinks. The menu is marked with GF and vegetarian options which is great to see and there are plenty of tempting choices too. Staff are friendly, though trying to get water topped up was slow at times.
5	Wow this was some find recommended by a good friend. Went for dinner recently and can tell it's part of the well known Crolla family empire. Service is attentive and you feel like being part of the family as options on both food and drink come with a personal recommendation. The advice on wines was attentive and somewhat patient. I had a very tasty Tuscan bean soup followed by veal Milanese. The real attraction though is the stunning collection of wines, including my own world favourite from the Bekka Valley in the Lebanon, Chateau Musar. This was a good 2004 version and such is the investment in this proper enoteca, they do this and 11 other wines by the glass dispensed by a very 21st century piece of kit. Lovely, vault style setup reminded me of many a city of London wine bar without the rampant profusion of secret trists in each corner. This is Edinburgh after all. Will be back, probably with a few more friends and with an eye on the private room which looks perfect for a 10-14 strong gathering. Oh and the courtyard and fact that it sells cigars will be a major plus through what passes as the summer up here.
5	This time we had a meal at Divino Enoteca. In addition to my previous review I have to add that they did very well to accomodate five of us on a busy Saturday evening during the Edinburgh Fringe. They were very busy as we expected. But we were all made to feel right at home and at easy. We knew we had to vacate the table by 8pm, but we were not hurried. The dishes were to the standard you'd expect from a place like this. The waiter recommened a very good wine for consuming with our duck - very enjoyable. If you have a chance to do so - visit them
3	We didn't love the food that much! Nice wines though and dessert was very good too.The thing we didn't enjoy at all was the fact that it took them forever to serve the food. They have a very slow service. Meanwhile, their music list has only a few songs that we had to listen over and over again while we waited.
4	Great lunch with friends in this very classy Italian. So much choice on the main menu, but we were all tempted by the lunch special menu. Antipasti was excellent. Beautiful meats and olives. The Italian sausages with fennel served with polenta were excellent too. I finished with the tiramisu, which was so good. I'm not usually a fan but this was superb. Creamy, not too sweet, chocolate too.Their wine selection is excellent I was only disappointed I couldn't try any as I was driving. Oh well, gives me an excuse to go back!!
