1	If you're looking for "fast food" pass this one by. It has got to be the sloooowest Mc'd's I've ever been in. You'd think that since it just opened that they'd have their act together...not at all. The staff is extremely friendly, but totally unprepared - regardless of the time of day. So if you do hit this M'D's, be prepared to wait and when you FINALLY get your meal, it will be cold - especially the fries.
1	It seems that this McDonalds hasn't quite grasped the whole "fast food" thing. Waiting in line for 10 minutes when there are only 4 cars ahead of you isn't what I would call fast, and going inside is no better. This is the most poorly managed McD's I've ever been in. Mr./Ms Franchisee...you need to step up and address these issues because you're losing business. While waiting those 10 minutes...3 customers behind me left.
2	I try very hard to avoid McDonald's, but today I just wanted a quick coffee and I did not want to get out of my car. So I pulled through this drive through, placed my order, and waited. And waited. And waited. When I had pulled up at the window, there was no one behind me. When my coffee was finally delivered, there were three cars already behind me. WTH, McD's?
2	It's McDonald's, with McDonald's food, which we have almost all had, regardless of admission.  A relatively new location, I have been through the drive thru about 10 times.  I haven't been inside to dine, so I can't speak to the cleanliness of the restaurant itself, but the parking lot is clean.That said, the high and low points to this location, which is in Quail Corners, at the corner of Park and Quail Hollow:* The only drive-thru in the area unless you want to head to SouthPark, South Blvd or Hwy 51.  So if you don't want to put on pants, this is a choice.* As the other two reviewers stated, when the drive-thru is manned with teenage special snowflakes, it takes an eternity.  The oldsters in front of me on Sunday got 2 waters and 2 coffees - this took showing the receipts 2 times.  When older folks have been manning the drive-thru, it moves quicker and they are much more friendly.* My fries from the eternal wait on Sunday at the drive thru were dark brown pieces.  I may have had 12 whole fries, the rest were crunchy pieces.  But the order was correct, so points for that.* Have I mentioned the teenagers in the drive thru?  Totally typical, unfortunately.  The first young lady said the total and that was the end of the communication.  The second young lady shoved the drink and bag in my hand.  I don't need to chit chat about your day, but some pleasantries would be nice.If you aren't in a hurry, and don't mind putting on a bra, I would head to Rusty's (meh) or Salsarita's for your meal if you are needing to eat in the Quail Corners Shopping Center, this McD's could use some work.
1	The first rule of Fat Club is to be nice to the biggies in the drive thru.  This McDonald's is incapable of that, in particular one young lady who seems to always be working the drive thru.  Without speaking a word, and I believe I got a sigh and an eye roll too, she took my card, rang it through, handed me my receipt and shut the window.  Not a word.  I got home 5 minutes later to cold, rubbery fries.  I am guessing the only reason that my wrap wasn't cold was because I got it with no tomato.  There is a Burger King and another McDonald's that are just slightly farther from my house, so on days where I don't want to wear pants/bra/shoes and just want a quick meal that I can guiltily eat in peace at home, they will now be getting my business.
