3	I know, I know, it's Taco Bell.  But I had to give props to the new one on the block because, after my girlfriend craving it for days finally went over there.  We decided to go in and I'm so glad we did.  This one is designed really nicely!  The walls are painted in bright but not annoying colors.  There are booths, tables and bar top tables spaced out enough that even if it was full no one would feel on top of each other.  And the people didn't even looked upset to be working there.  (You know how some folks get that look?)  I know it's only a few months old, but it was super clean - even the bathrooms!  And the food?  It was actually good.  Well, good for Taco bell.  Everything was hot and had the right amount of sauce that it should have had.  They forgot the green onions on a Mexican pizza, but beyond that it was all just as you'd want it to be.  If you're ever fast food searching in the area, know that this should be a safe spot for you.  And sometimes, isn't it just a relief to know which ones won't screw up your order?
3	Despite my best efforts, I like Taco Bell. Yeah, I've heard the rumors. The "D" Grade Meat, the cockroach stories. I'm skeptical of all of them, but moreso because I don't want to believe them.I acknowledge that TB is not even remotely close to what is classically considered healthy. But what about health of mind and spirit? What can deliver that better than deep fried cheesy goodness of Taco Bell?Not buying it? It was worth a shot. Here's My Point: I actually believe that the "deciders" (yeah, I said it) or head chefs that create and select the temporary specialty items for Taco Bell have something going on. The Double Decker Taco? The Cheesy Gordita Crunch? The Supreme Chalupa??? These were all creative and tasty pieces of America's culinary history. In the gross, fast food section.
4	Taco Bell, it is what it is man. But they always deliver! and HEALTH... hey man, you DO get lettuce, tomato, cheese.... they havent found those to cause cancer yet!! TACO BELL.. the only thing worth eating after midnight!
4	In a town where there's no substance, no culture, where the only lovingly cooked hunk of meat is the care the drones at Native New Yorker take in making sure they poured the right pre-packaged sauce onto your order of chicken wings. Yes, in this insepid culinary anti-mecca sits a beacon of light and TACO be this BELL's name! Hardee-Har-Har!!Okay, maybe I exaggerate. Perhaps the hot wing sauces at NNY are NOT prepackaged? lol... but I digress. I do like this Taco Bell, it doesn't have the ghetto overtone that most TBs in the city have. It's cleaner than most also. My favorite meal is three tacos with a Baja Blast & carmel apple empanada. Baja Blast is the BEST part of going to taco bell! It's an awesome soda! I wish they bottled it! I'd totally buy it by the two liter! :) Anyway - it's an awesome place. BUT they close early compared to other Taco Bells. so that kinda suckz. but oh well. it's all good. :)
5	I looove taco bell so much!! My favorite is the Mexican pizza!
1	The saying "wash your veggies before you eat them" takes on a whole new meaning for me today.  The lettuce in my taco tasted like dish water! The taste was an instant turn off. I no longer go in to eat as the overwhelming smell of bad meat hits you as you walk in the door!  The beans on the nachos reminds me of mud and tastes about the same. Truly a fast food place with increasingly nasty food every time I go.
1	We were on the run last weekend and we had to drive thru the taco bell for breakfast, the sausage burrito was listed as 1.29 on the menu outside but it rang up $ 2.29, when we questioned the difference, she told us the menu was wrong, I told her I would pay the MENU price, and not what her register rang it up as, she seemed huffy that we called her on it. Sadly enough we will never venture there again, based on this MANAGER'S attitude!
4	Everytime my sister gets out of school she wants to go to Taco Bell and finally I gave in a took her. As we walked in you can see how nicely kept the building was and automatically got a great vibe from the employees. our cashier was funny and even cute (single ladiessssss :)). The was not very hot but still warm enough to where it tasted good. The only thing i ever really complain about is that everytime I eat tacos I have a horrible after taste left in my mouth , next time I'll buy gum before I go! Its a great place for on the go , just got off work or put of school type place.Can you say " quiero Taco Bell ?"
5	I never have any issues at this Taco Bell.  I've been coming here since they opened and I cant remember a time they messed up an order.  Today we ate inside and they brought our oder out to us.  I usually do the drive thru and they are always nice and converse with me at the window.  Its cheap and fast.  I'll keep coming back.
1	I LOVE Taco Bell. I LOVE it! I HATE this Taco Bell. I have no understanding of why it takes MINIMUM 5 minutes to order and 5 minutes to get your food, when the 35th Ave and Southern is SO much faster, and the people are nicer. I don't understand why at 6:30 after work it takes MINIMUM 15 minutes for "fast food". If I ever want Taco Bell fast, I NEVER come to this one because there is zero hustle. I am swearing off this Taco Bell and will go to the other location forever now.
