5	I love this store.  The jewelry is beautiful and spans most prices ranges.  They have the best assortment of $20 fashionable earrings, if you are just looking for something fun to wear out on a weekend night.  The necklaces are always beautiful.  I love love love the clothes here as well.  I always find a maxi dress or two that I can't resist in the Illinois stores, and this store was no exception. I am really excited to have this store in my backyard here in AZ now.Only little thing, maybe it's a Midwestern thing actually, the staff wasn't nearly as friendly or helpful as the Hinsdale stores.
1	Location of the store is great! :) Camelback and 44th street is very convenient.   Its great store if you are an old grandmother or if you are looking for a present for grandmother!! I'm European woman, who used to high quality clothes, what you definitely will not find in this store. You also will not be able return your item for cash, only for store credit.   Very disappointed!
5	See my old review - and I upgraded. Way upgraded. They took back the shirts, were super-cool and defied every expectation. And I found tons of other options so (happily) paid a little more to upgrade. Amazing manager. Defied all expectations.Old Review: I'm giving it three stars but this review will be amended.  I may add more, or subtract them.  They use pink wrapping paper.  There are misting systems running all over Arizona shopping centers in the summer.  The shirts I bought there were identical styles in 3 colors.  Two of the shirts were not pink.  Pink stains on two T shirts later, I've incurred a dry cleaning bill for the tops already that weren't pink.  I don't I'll see that money again - when I called to let them know just now, the girl who answered the phone sort of offered to "sure, bring them in, we'll take a look at them and see if we can exchange them - you have 30 days with a receipt."  There is NOTHING else in the store I would have spent over $100 on.  You'd think with that kind of situation, they would bend over backward - I certainly would and I am a small business owner.  You sometimes have to lose money to keep a good reputation.  If they are going to be non-committal with their offer to bring back the shirts, I'm going to be non-committal with my review.  I will be giving them 5 stars if they refund me if the shirts are faded and/or stains aren't removed.  I will be NOT giving 3 stars if that consideration is not on the table.  We shall see....
4	I've been into Alixandra Collections a handful of times... They happen to be located in one of my fave little shopping centers right next door to the gym I go to and right by AJ's.  They carry a lot of accessories, clothing, shoes, and even some odds and ends like lip balm with SPF.My very first visit to the store was shortly after I had baby #2... I wasn't feeling so great about my appearance, but I was in the market for some new clothes that would fit my in between sizes body since I was going back to work a couple of weeks later.  Toni helped me out... She was extremely honest with her opinions when I showed her things as I tried them on and a pleasure to work with, not to mention a wonderful salesperson.  I walked out with several new purchases including a Splended maxi dress and a Joie blouse.  I've already gotten a ton of wears out of both and will continue to do so.Every time I've been in since that first visit has also been enjoyable whether I made a purchase or not.  They are constantly getting new arrivals in and the employees are always friendly without being pushy.If you haven't been into Alixandra Collections yet, go check them out... and say hi to Toni for me while you're there!
5	My husband of all people stubbled on this place when looking for a birthday gift for me. He knows I like jewelry and came into this store and saw they had reasonable prices and a great selection. I absolutely loved the necklace he picked out and wear it all the time, so for Valentine's Day he went back and got me a gift card so I could check it out myself. When I walked in I was surprised that it was a clothing boutique not just a jewelry store so I decided to look at dresses since I was going to a wedding that night. The first dress I tried on didn't fit so the sales lady came over to help. I told her I liked the dress but too tight. She asked me more questions about what I was looking for, then when and found me two other dresses she thought might work. The first one she gave me fit my body perfectly! She hit the nail on the head on her first try. Then she took me too mirror and gave me suggestions on how to wear it with stuff I might have at home. I was sold. I swear there are people out there who have a gift for helping people feel good about themselves and she was definitely one of them. I wish I had gotten her name.  I wore the dress to the wedding and received a ton of compliments and the best coming from my husband :) Thank you Alixandra Collections, I will definitely be back!
5	Just found my favorite new place to shop. Loved the clothes, something different than at the mall and the two ladies working there were pretty darn sweet and helpful. Great service gets me back everytime.  Next, checking out the new store in Old Town.
5	Great selection of things you would not find anywhere else. Very helpful staff!  Toni and Brenda and so nice and so helpful. Wonderful clothes and Jewelry. Great central location and really nice size spacious store full of great trendy items.
5	What a great neighborhood find I found today! I am so happy I bumped into this store. Planning to run to AJ's real quick my girlfriend noticed a mannequin wearing an adorable dress. We stopped in to check it out and scored. This trendy little boutique is filled with many unique upscale accessories and clothes. I love jewelry that is different. This store has tons of beautiful affordable quality pieces for all types of taste. All jewels are neatly nestled on a display for easy access to try on. Plenty of mirrors on the wall to gaze and glance at the pieces as they lay on you. Now my friend was stocked about the clothing as she ran out with a full shopping bag of items she loved. What I really liked about the store is how neat and organized it was. Everything had a place and was easy to look through. The sales lady was super friendly. Matter of fact the store was busy but she was able to handle all of us at one time with a beautiful smile on her face. I will mention there are some home decor items such as candles that smell so wonderful. They are higher end candles but you can tell they are quality with long burn times. If your in the area this place is worth stopping in. Many great finds here...
