2	This location is one of the smaller walmarts that I have been to. Only reason I come here is because it's location by my house and the red box right at the door by the exit. They have the normal things that most walmarts do, but the grocery section is lacking. There is no fresh meats, all frozen. One thing that I do like is that I can go through the garden entrance and be at the sporting section very quick to buy my fishing permit.
4	Its a Walmart. They have pretty much most Walmarts do. Yes, this one doesn't particularly have much selection for the grocery section, but do remember... This is not a Walmart Supercenter, so don't give it a lower rating because of that. The bathrooms are kinda gross, and look a bit run down, but overall this store is pretty clean. They used to also have a McDonald's inside, but it is now a Subway, which is nice, the smell of that bread just pulls you in while shopping. Overall, if you just need something quick i would recomend Walmart, but if you a super picky person and everything bothers you, probably not for you.
3	Maybe my California WalMarts have spoiled me, but this one just seemed old. It was outdated, kind of dirty, and just...old! It definitely needed a facelift. But considering I was just visiting and it was convenient, I can't complain too much. But a facelift wouldn't hurt!
2	Sooo... It's Walmart. What can I say about this particular location... hmmm well there is generally plenty of parking! Um, what else. Oh and stuff is usually pretty easy to find. But my god, what a disgusting establishment. This location could learn a thing or two from the super Walmart just a couple of miles away. Staff is LESS than helpful, even though things are easy to find they are just strewn about on the shelves, the bathrooms are awful, and the overall feeling of the store is unclean. I'll pop in here for the last minute item or the occasionally lower priced item but other than that I try to avoid shopping here. They are well staffed I will say but they never seem to want to help you.
2	It is a Wal-Mart... however, if I am comparing this Wal-Mart to other Wal-Mart's that I have been to, this location is definitely lacking. Surprisingly, it is normally very busy,  which leads to sometimes having popular items being out of stock, including grocery items and healthcare items. It does need a renovation because the inside looks outdated. Friendliness of the staff is a hit or miss.  I've experienced staff that went beyond expectations to help me, while others seemed like they hated their jobs and wanted nothing to do with me. For extensive shopping, I choose to go to the supercenter Wal-Mart or Target. But if I only need a few things or a redbox movie, then I bite the bullet and go to this location.
1	Okay.   Tonight marks the last time I go to this Wal-Mart.I went with the intention of buying some sort of Tablet.  When I got to the section, a gentleman was being taken care of by Lauren.  They were in the middle of getting a GPS ( I think) so I decided to go down the isle and look at antennas and do a quick turn around.  On my way back, a lady walked up and explained that her GPS didn't work in Canada.  Lauren didnt have an answer for her (understandable) and the woman said that she had some other questions when she was finished.  Lauren got the man's item out of the case and away the three went.I stood there for a good 5 minutes waiting for her to come back.  No Lauren.  She ended up coming over close to where I was and proceeded to get out locking cases from a cabinet.  She stood up and looked at me and gave me this weird look and I said, "Will you help me?"  As we were getting out 1 tablet at a time, she kept hold of the boxes like I was going to run off with them.  Really?Lauren should have been taught how to take care of one customer at a time and acknowledge others who are waiting.  A simple, I will be with you in a moment or I will be back in a minute sure would of went a long way.And to the woman who couldn't wait, you should learn some manners.
1	The worst Walmart in Madison.  I am  so  bummed  this  is the  closest one  to  my house,  cuz it's horrible!!  Rude employees.  I waited in line at the  site to store line at the counter  while  the  cashier kept taking people behind  me.
