4	Good food for the price. A little dirty on the inside, but wonderful people that work there!
4	This is the place for hot and sour soup! I always order it when I go there and it is always awesome. It comes with large shrimp and pieces of chicken so it makes a great lunch on a cold day. It is also something I like to eat when I am not feeling well. The rest of the food there is good also and not very expensive. I take a friend sometimes and we split a bowl of soup and a lunch entree. Plenty of food for both of us and for around $10-$13 it's a great deal for lunch!This place has been around for a very long time and I hope it stays around for alot longer..
4	Great food, low prices, and huge quantity! So excited to have a Chinese place near my office!
4	Food is good, they have large portions that you can share and still have leftovers for the next day. I love the soup. Worth the price thats for sure. Service from all the times I have been there seem ok not the best but I guess I know what to expect at this place now. Will keep returning.
5	Been going here since i was in 6th grade i am now 26. Best place ever. I just love there pork fried rice
5	This place have the best food I've ever tasted I am so addicted to this place that I am willing to drive from San Diego to Phoenix just to have some. The orange chicken is a must. It's a small place but the service is great and the pricing is just right. The portion size is amazing. I visit Phoenix quite a bit and I always have to eat here. I only wish they were in San Diego.
4	This spot has been in my mom's neighborhood for quite a while, but I can't say that I have dined here much. On a recent trip to visit my mom's place, I just got the biggest hankering for some good ol' Chinese food (we all get this right? not just me?). So I decided to give this place a chance. I am so glad I did!When we first walked in, all the waitresses were at the front, but they quickly dispersed and the one left standing didn't appear all to happy to be left with the daunting task of taking our order. With that being said, my girlfriend and I took a look at each other, and decided we would eat at home (didn't want to trouble the wait staff too much). We looked at the menu, and of course all the classics were there, Beef n' Broccoli, Orange chicken, sesame, chow mein, lo mein, etc! We decided on the Sweet n' Sour Pork, Sesame Chicken, fried wonton and got some veggie fried rice. The food was ready pretty quick, and we rushed home! Everything looked awesome, smelled great, and upon first bite we quickly transcended time and space, and were teleported to Chinese food paradise. The sesame chicken was crunchy and sweet, and the sweet and sour pork was the kind where you put your own sauce, so I got to drench my food in that wonderful sauce! The vegetable fried rice was nice and hearty, with lots of broccoli, more than anything. We were admittedly slightly disappointed with the wontons, as we thought they would be the kind with a little filling inside, but they were just the flat strips. Needless to say, it was a good meal, definitely good Chinese food, and will return. It didn't get the five stars due to the wanton, and shifty staff. Other than that, it would highly recommend this place.
5	best place in phx. i been going here for 14-15 years now....
4	Kung Paola's good... Trying General Tsao today
4	There was a restaurant like this back where i lived in California and im glad that my In-laws introduced me to this place. its Exactly like the one i used to go to...down to the taste!...will be coming here when im in the mood for chinese food :)
3	This place has decent neighborhood Chinese food.  Kung pao and orange chicken were tasty dishes. Dont expect 4 star cuisine and you'll be very happy with what the kitchen puts out everyday. Eggrolls and crab puffs were fresh and yummy too.
4	Great food. Kung delight thumbs up.   Big portions. Yum but bring your own drink. There's no refills.
5	We had the most AMAZING dining experience here all because of our server Andy! The food was great but Andy made our night perfect! Go! You won't regret it!
4	First time here. Nice atmosphere. Food was tastee, and big size meals. Left really full. The only thing I didn't like was No Free Refills on soda. Otherwise great food!
5	I'm from Los Angeles, ca. I was in town for the Rams vs. Cardinals game. This gem was recommend  to my by a local at the game. The Mongolian beef was amazing, Orange chicken tasty and crunchy. The house chow fun..... was out of this world, bursting with flavor. This is must any time I'm back in Phoenix. We were taken care by Andy, the owner of the restaurant, I have never been treated so well. The best the desert has to offer.
5	From Southern California came here after a Cardinals game last year, and have been looking forward to returning here to eat again when I visit again in November. We have a plethora of Asian and Chinese food restaurants her in L.A. and I have a high standard for such places because of it, and this little gem was something I wasn't expecting in the middle of Arizona.  Great portion sizes and affordable prized, especially for how much food you get, but even more for how delicious everything is! Real Chinese food, and so many options to choose from that we ordered a little bit of everything, which ended up in a lot of food to take home for later.Staff was very attentive and friendly, and the restaurant was extremely inviting. A great place to eat, especially with friends and/or family so that you can share and taste a little bit of everything this place has to offer, because it's all just that delicious.
5	Little dragon is a family owned restaurant and they are always nice. Sometimes they're slammed busy and sometimes they're very slow.  I always like to support small business and this place is a hit I always get the walnut  shrimp and usually pot stickers (great).  I also ordered almond duck (good) and pork fried rice.  Very big portions shared with a family of 4.  Kind of pricy but worth it.
