2	the whole idea of applebee's really bothers me. chain restuarants that you can go to all over the country just seem weird. it seems so much more worth it to try something new and unique and risk it not being great than going somewhere that introduced that obnoxious song about   baby back ribs... oh wait, that was chiles. well, i feel the same way about that restaurant too.the only times i came here were to do their happy hour, which is pretty good, if you can stand the atmosphere. the HH hours are pretty impressive; 3 to 7 and 10 to midnight every night of the week. other than that - gross, gross, gross
2	I just spent $14 for a barely mediocre soup and salad.  As the food was nothing special, I had lots of time to think.  Here's what I came up with:1) If I was going to ASU this would be the place to hang out.  Why? Because you don't seem to find freshmen here.  It's close to the university, but not RIGHT on campus.  What was all around me?  Upper class-men.  And what were they talking about?  School.  In one hour long lunch I know people's grades, which teachers are fair in several subjects, tricks to doing philosophy papers in Mr. What's his name's class, how to get into a particular program without an interview and a bevy of other university delights.  I even heard someone getting a killer deal on a rental house and someone looking for housing.  One stop shopping.2) I hate that Applebee's is one of the only places I can safely go now that I've become a dreaded nutrition/calorie counter. Their Weight Watcher's menu let's me order in complete confidence.  I actually have options!  I took a friend to Essence the other day (Applebee's polar opposite in all ways, and one of my favorite places to go) and I was really stuck.  There is no nutritional information.  They have no idea which of their items have less calories.  No idea of the sodium content of that chicken salad.  I made a "I think this will work" guess, but I'm pretty sure I under estimated when I was attempting to over estimate. I love going to independently owned places.  I miss it.  I really really do.  But today when I was just way more hungry than that frozen meal was going to solve Applebee's was my only safe option in the area.3) This location's Weight Watcher meals aren't as good as some other locations.  There shouldn't be a difference in a chain - but boy oh boy is there!4) Other folks around me were happily devouring their food.  A table of girls eating behind me was on their 2nd helpings of unlimited soup and salad for $5.99.  I suppose the rest of their fare is fairly standard Applebee's stuff.5) While I don't want to repeat this again any time soon, My guess is that I'll be back here at least once every 2 months because I want something beyond what I brought to work.  Just the thought of it makes me a bit queasy.6) If I'm willing to pay $14 for crappy soup and salad (for only 400 calories) in a crappy place, with crappy surroundings - why can't more independent places step up and offer some healthy options they can be proud of?  Proud enough to post those nutritional numbers on the menu.  Heavens knows I'm not the only one...
2	My husband and I don't eat at chain restaurants very frequently...we try to avoid them when possible.  Saturday night when trying to decide where to go out for dinner (we are running out of food in our house), I had a list of places I want to try. However, my husband didn't want to spend more than $30 on dinner (no clue why), so all of my ideas were out the window.  We decided on Applebee's since I had a slight craving for a mucho mudslide.The only highlight of our trip to Applebee's was my mucho mudslide (it was yummy).  My fried chicken salad was large for a half-size and was pretty good.  I'd be concerned if a place could really mess something up as simple as that. My husband got the ultimate trio (basically he got to pick three appetizers)...he ordered the mozzarella sticks (blah...they were barely hot and not as good as they used to be back in the day); the sliders (what is up with every place, not fancy and fancy, having sliders on the menu nowadays??), and chicken wraps (Chris said they were OK).  Our service was worse than the food. It took over 10 minutes after we placed our drink order for our drinks to appear on the table. No clue why it took that long because the bar area wasn't busy and the bartender didn't look backed up.  Second, it took our food forever to come out...we have no clue why.  A mother and daughter walked in after we placed our dinner order and when I glanced over wondering where our food was, I noticed they were eating! They got food before we did!!! GRRRRRRR.Our bill came to $28, but it was hardly worth it.  On our drive home, we said we should have just gone to Wendy's for dinner...better quality food at a much much cheaper price.
5	Why so many bad reviews!I've had most of the items on the menu. The happy hour is awesome, too bad there's no happy hour on Saturdays, thats really lame. Other than that, the service is always great, hostesses and waiters are always friendly no matter how intoxicated our crowd is. The boneless wings are tasty and spicy and the artichoke dip is good with anything. Dont get Bahama Mama's or you will be called a wuss, forever. Long Island Iced Tea's are ok and the prices on beer are decent. For a while they had 2 for 1 shots of Patron....ah that was great. Contrary to popular belief, Patron and mozarella sticks DO mix.
3	This place is great to hang out during happy hour, 1/2 price appetizers and some drinks. Friendly crowd and service. The "Sampler" is the best with a couple beers.
4	Whenever my friend from Flagstaff visits down here we always go to Applebee's.  Both of us love the boneless buffalo wings and the shot desserts.  The mixed drinks are awesom!  I've never had a terrible experience at any Applebee's I've gone to.  Great food and service!
3	blah... it was just blaah... ugh - our server was tired and wasn't that attentative... she tried to apologize but she kinda just trailed off... lol. But I guess its okay, but THEN... there came in a white couple and all of a sudden our waitress sprang to life!!Uhhh... okaaaay??At first I thought, great now she'll be attentative... ummmm... no. no she wasn't. I know that the East side of town is racist... ugh, I don't wanna talk about the ASU Bookstore Incident... Good grief!! This chick, I WISH I caught her name... was all smiles and giggles and then came to our table (which was only about 6 feet away) and was all frowns and excuses. It was sickening.She failed to bring us our drinks, she only refiled them once and ignored us twice when we tried to ask for more water... okay the Iced Tea was too much for you... how impossible is water?? We had enough and were ready to walk out on the check when; I guessed she sensed our frustration and brought it to the table early! *harsh sigh* We paid in cash and got about $8 in change... which she brought to us in all ones!! omg, is she for real?? lol, I just laughed when I saw it... and I chose to leave a yelp card instead of any cash!
1	uggh I loath Applebees! It's like the Wal-Mart of restaurants. So corporate, cheesy, and generic. And it's not even cheap!People: Don't go to places like this, local mom and pop resturants are soo much better
3	I think that applebee's is one of those places that you can always count on to be consistant, maybe not the best tasting, or your number 1 pick. my GF and i do the 2 for 20 deal alot, i like the steak she likes the fiesta lime chicken, I dont care for applebee's mashed potatoes, and they are always willing to replace them with a baked potato.
4	AB's as I call it is coming up. They have crazy nighttime events (wii, karaoke, late late night happy hour), which I've not partaken in, but have noticed the ads forI'm surprised at the lack of love for this location, as me and my Frat frequent this location often (because we like to eat and they are easy/great to set up fundraisers with) and I've never had a bad experience there. What prompted this review is that I'm currently making chicken gorditas which reminded me of the wonton tacos that are BOMB.COM/AMAZING. I usually get the lunch special for $5.99 and call it a day. Anyways, ya it's not some crazy hip local place, but it's been consistent and good imho.
4	For a bees its what I have come to expect, fast and courteous service at a good price. Here at happy hour plenty of tables, but not empty. Good wings and drink prices during happy hr. Ill come back once in a while for sure.
2	Ugh...I've been on a losing streak lately while getting lunch. Tried Applebee's for lunch on Tuesday. I hadn't been to one in years, and figured "why not"?I should have asked myself "why"?Service was pretty good, hence the two stars. They have a "14 minute guarantee" so that once you place your order, they guarantee you'll have food in 14 minutes or it's free.The food was out within that time frame, I assume...I didn't have a stopwatch out but it seemed quick enough. I wish they'd taken longer to make it good. I could put some crappy chicken on a plate at home in under 14 minutes, but I pay someone else to do it in hopes that out will turn out better. It didn't. It was worse. Overcooked boneless wings that were overly breaded and tossed in poorly flavored sauce...Pretty much a swing and a miss all around. Also overpriced for what you get...It's simply not worth it at all. If you ever find yourself in this "neighborhood" (see what I did there?), just drive on by.I need to find the Applebee's that John Corbett has been going to...Until then I think I'll pass on a second trip to this place.
2	What can I say about Applebee's?  It's an American chain restaurant.  Food options are standard fare.  Their Spinach & Artichoke Dip is what had me coming here back in the day but now my palate has matured.  REALLY nice servers tho.  The Chocolate Chip Cookie Sundae is the best thing I've had here; albeit overpriced in comparison to similar desserts around town.
1	1/25/2013 - Don't order water. It's absolutely disgusting. Tastes unfiltered n very chlorinated. No ketchup in bottle at my table. My fries was cold, hamburger was average. I guess this was due to them beating their 14 min promo or its free. Never again!
3	Totally bummed to find out (once we got our bill) that this can no longer be the place we call home for our select happy-hour Friday night out. Beware that they have changed the rules to their happy hour.. Imports and select martinis got taken off the list.Would really have been nice to know this before we ordered a few of each. Yikes... $$$. :-/
1	Food was slow and after receiving it, the food was cold in places and overcooked in others.  There was no ketchup in the bottle at all at the table.  We mentioned this to the waitress who switched out the bottle with another table.  So now whoever sits at the other table gets empty bottle.  Awful.  Waste of money and reminded me why I don't like Applebee's.
2	I took a couple of friends here for happy hour we had to wait till the exact time to get the better price, we asked the manager if we could get the happy hour price and she was very firm on no but finally she budged and gave in. Well the food I ordered  was bad it was the blackened fish it smelled really bad it was not fresh so I had them take it back and got something else, that took a while to get that and by the time they brought it back my friends were already done with there meal so I took mine to go. Please approach with caution
5	The hostess (Ricki) here is really nice and the food she suggested hit the spot. What's not to like great hostess coo food and beer! My son also thought the hostess was awesome!
4	This was the first time ever at this location. I have to say, I was very surprised with it, and in a good way.Service was really great. From the moment we all walked in , we were greeted by a friendly staff. the hostess held the door open for us and greeted us. We had a great server who suggested some items to our party.the girls I was with said they really liked what they got here.I go the Chicken grilled Ceaser Salad. I was really surprised again how good it wasIt was late afternoon. Another great thing about them, you can order the whole menu. They do not shut down lunch to reopen for dinner. It was a spur of the moment decision to go here so I was not excepting great at all.I as well as the others I came in with for lunch also thought it was a very nice meal and great service. Lots of parking in the lot as well.
2	It's your typical Applebees in regards to the menu. Basic selection, decent prices, etc. The service however is terrible.  We had what looked to be a small child seat us and he must have asked us three times how are night was before we got to the table. Maybe he was nervous? Then our waiter kneeled down next to our table and told us how he was also a chef a few nights a week here so he "knew everything"... Impressive!  He forgot to grab us napkins when we asked for them. He brought out some of our dishes before others. Not a fan of this location. Next time we're by campus we'll visit a different place.
3	Busy location. Service was decent but getting the bill was slow...  (Imagine that). My friends meal was poor quality, burnt in some areas and undercooked in others. My friend didn't ask for a new meal but the manager came over and not only remade her meal but comped it. I think that is excellent service. My meal was basic but good.
2	Its Applebees, nothing wow about it, just the happy hour deal. Came to this place one evening on a weekday with my brother and his Fiance for drinks. There was a woman at the table next to us who honestly should had been cut off a long time ago, she was so sauced up, loud and obnoxious that our time spent there was ultimately just unpleasant, after much observation, she seemed to know the staff, what do you know, she works there. UNPROFESSIONAL. Not returning to this location anytime soon.
5	Hey guys, today I will be doing a review of the Applebee's Neighborhood Grill & Bar in Tempe, AZ. As those close to me would tell you, I am an avid Applebee's goer.  Time after time (great song by the way, love that Cyndi Lauper) Applebee's has given me that fantastic fun time that I look for as a single man grabbing some drinks and watching the game. Applebee's Tempe is one of the best! I don't know if it's something in the water (or those perfectly mixed Long Islands) but I will continue my dining at this restaurant and might even take in a trivia night or two! Make sure you ask for Debra, she is such a sweetheart!
1	Terrible service, jerk of a bar tender, he was disrespectful to the hostess in front of customers. We got served water and 25 minutes later asked what we wanted to eat. Do not go to this location
1	Horrible horrible service!I went there with a bunch of friends for karaoke night  and we sat in one of the big booths.  Our waitress was horrible! Finally after waiting like 15 minutes, we had to track down our waitress to take our order.  I ordered a strawberry Mojito, which they brought in a coca cola glass (fancy!). The drink was good, but a bit watered down tasting. The waitress was so bad that I will never go to an Applebee's again because of her. First of all,  I never saw her smile once. She had the I-would-rather-be-anywhere-but-taking-your-orders look on her face the ENTIRE TIME.  (That's actually minor compared to everything else.) My husband and I sat in the back of the booth.  Apparently, that was a BAD idea. She avoided us the entire time. The few times she stopped by our table, she would ask the people at the front of the table what they want and then leave! She wouldn't even look at us, like we were nonexistent. One time she came to our table and I shouted her name (it was loud due to karaoke).  And still nothing happened.  By this point, my husband and I had been finished with our drink for at least 30 minutes and I was starving.  I just wanted some chilli cheese fries! :(. It was too late to eat anywhere else so we just left.  I would rather go home and eat ramen than deal with this bs.  We couldn't even get her attention to get the bill, so we left just enough money for both of our drinks (with no tip, of course).My roommate used to work at this Applebee's and she said it sucks so bad.  The management and the workers there are terrible.  Never again.
3	I went in for lunch at 3:00pm with my mother. We needed to catch something relatively fast before we headed out to complete some chores. The staff was really friendly to us. They seated us in an area that was super sunny and I ended up facing the sun. When I brought it up with the waitress in our section, she promptly moved us to another section, closed the blinds in our section and the manager came by to apologize.We promptly ordered our meal with 2 classes of water. We ordered:-cajun shrimp pasta-roman pepper steaktotal cost was a little bit over $20.00.The wait between ordering and service was about 10 minutes. The shrimp wasn't tough and the pasta wasn't over cooked. The steak was tougher than I liked, I ordered medium well done.The flavor was ok, the texture of the shrimp and pasta ok but the steak tasted ok but kind of wimpy looking. My mother was not disappointed but didn't really like the restaurant; it was her first time at Applebee's. Her first comment, when the food arrived was, is that it looked nothing like the pictures in the menu's. It lacked the sheen and quantity as seen in the menu. My steak was, simply put, nothing much to look at.All in all, the food isn't worth going to, but the service was friendly and helpful. Did I mention my waster glass was never past half empty. A star just for that.One last thing, there were a pair of old ladies, friends, sitting next to our booth. They had to have been there for at least an hour before us. They slowly ate through some chips, then ordered an appetizer as we were leaving. They chatted, laughed and the service still kept on smiling and checking in on them. Totally cool of Applebee's.
1	The bartender was very rude. I asked him to fix a drink that was bad and he told he wouldn't fix it that I should just get something else. The server wasn't really sure what was on happy hour. No manager was alerted about my disservice.
1	Small plate with so few food on it. And plus, they gave me a cheap to go cup for my drink saying they ran out of clean cups, while giving the table with a bunch of frat guys next to me regular cups. What the heck???? Really discriminative. Never ever go there again.
1	Ordered a cheeseburger medium well and got it rare with blood on the plate and soaked into the bun, I asked for them to take it back and correct it and got it back real fast as if it was just microwaved. They did not even make a brand new one. I had cut it in half and got the same one back on a new bun. Manager was just hanging out with current and ex employees who we're being loud and obnoxious burping and yelling.The glassware was dirty as well. I won't ever come back to this one.
3	Everytime I come to this Applebee's location I'm treated like precious cargo. Really. I've never had a waiter/waitress here that didn't exemplify utmost amazingness. This time I was waited on by an Italian Irish fellow named Ryan. And I must say Ryan was the shit.But why three stars? Well it is a restaurant. And a crucial part of any restaurant is food. Applebee's food sucks. Everytime I go, no matter the location, the food sucks. And the drinks...the detail that means the most to me...suck. I had two fishbowls. 2 fishbowls!!! I should have been woozy, dizzy, happy...anything to show I had consumed alcohol, but all I felt was the need to drink water to erase some of the super sugary taste out of my mouth.I mean really Applebee's! Club bees! Mistah Apple! You disappoint me.
5	service is GREAT at the location ... No complaints at all. Servers are knowledgable about the menu and can answer any questions. I love the beer pretzels on the menu... Literally some of the best I've had around town. Cheap drinks. Best Applebee's in town.
5	Mike the bartender is great. So friendly and personable. Food is good just like any other Apple bees but the service at this location is great
1	The place had a smell like an old stale theatre. The food was blah so I had to salt everything. Soup left a metallic taste in my mouth. Prices were not bad. Had the all you can eat soup and salad. Waitress was not very attentive. Ordered a bowl of one soup and she brought me the wrong one
4	I flew in on a late-evening flight and I was STARVING! Apparently there are not many late-night food options in this city, so I was pleased to find an Applebees on my Google maps because I know they are always open until mid-night. I sat at the bar and I was served by a male bartender. I think his name was Mike. He was very chatty and friendly. I ordered some items not on the happy hour menu and he informed me of similar options that were on the happy hour menu. I ended up going with my original choice despite the price difference, but it was nice to know my options. My Patron margarita was very good & my Chicken Ques was awesome as usual. I would go back.
5	Great service! Mike is a great bartender and Joey is top notch! Reverse happy hour is unbeatable with half off drinks and good!
5	Sat at the bar, which we never do. Great personal attention from Mike and Joey. Changed the TV to the D backs game for us and had enjoyable conversation with both of them. Food was typically Applebee's and good. Will go back.
1	As we first walked into the restaurant, the hostess was having a sidebar conversation with someone, even though seeing us, continued the conversation until finished, then gave us a giant fake smile.. felt like I was on some prank TV show.  When she sat us down, our server came by and asked for drinks when we just barely sat down, haven't even looked at the menu yet so just ordered water.   During the time my mother and I waited for our meal, we could hear the female bartender having a conversation with one of the guests of how she loves to party, doesn't know who her daughters father is and how she hates getting low tips from customers.  Her and the guest were flirty and the entire conversation was entirely inappropriate.  Our meal finally came, by the manager himself, not our actual server.  The manager did NOT carry a tray for our food, he had each hand with a plate. As he was putting my mothers meal on the table, he stuck his thumb in her hamburger as he was setting the plate down.. EEEWWW!!!! Then he sat my plate down, all of my meal looked dried out, and it tasted like it too.  I asked the manager for lemon slices before he left so I can add it to my water (ended up using it on the food instead). A few minutes went by and the server came by and asked us how our meal was, I said "It's just ok." As it was. He didn't ask why it was just ok, he just walked away and left. Once our meals were done, he gave us a check, had the card sitting on it to have it taken and took forever to get out of there.  Then my mom asked about the hamburger she ordered to go, if we will be getting it anytime soon... he forgot it, figures. Will NEVER come back there and would never recommend. If I wanted IHOP service, I would have just gone to IHOP.
5	For all the people bad mouthing Applebee's, I feel like you have to either be a chile's person or an Applebee's person (there obviously chile's people).Anywho I love this Applebee's specifically on rural because it is so close to my house and their food is always good and served hot. Honestly, everytime I go the hostess is never there and I have to wait forever for the ditsy girl to show up (even when the place is very slow). Other than the hostess I always have awesome waiters/waitresses.I come to this location every other month and nothing ever changes but I like it and their lunch deals! I once ordered 2 desserts and omg.. So good.
4	Recently we had the pleasure of being at Applebee's, at a couple different locations.  This one is the closest to our neighborhood.  I love love love the "Brew Pub Pretzels and Beer Cheese Dip".  Today's pretzels looked a little dark, but they were Fine!       We chose to get the 'Two for $25' Dinner, because the steak sounded better than the choice with the 'Two for $20' Dinner.  The appetizer that we chose to go with that was the side salads.  Both salads were MONSTER size... well, I should say they were entree size.  After seeing the two kinds, I'd recommend the house side salad over the Caesar salad.  The steak was tough.  There were other options, but like so many places, the chicken choices are almost always breast meat... and I'm a dark meat kind of gal.  So, it was steak. I got the potatoes that are small quartered & fried (sorry, I'm sure there's a name for them.) They were ok, but my fault for not picking another kind of potato.       Applebee's has always seated us right away and get us drinks right away... never a problem with timing and service.       I think next time we'll have a couple of appetizers and chill!
5	Love this place mike awsome bar tebder, food greate, do recommend u all come and see for ur self
5	My daughter and I went into this location tonight for the Veterans Day meal. It was very very busy but the staff was super friendly and we sat at the bar and Mike the bartender immediately noticed me and got me a drink and Katie got me a menu and I ordered the 7 ounce sirloin for my daughter and I and it was wonderful! We also had the queso dip with chips and brownie bites for dessert and we really enjoyed our meal. Thank You Applebees for the Veterans Day meals that you provide and I will be back for another 7 ounce sirloin very soon. sincerely, a loyal customer.
4	We were having a late Thanksgiving dinner and wanted to eat somewhere to hold us over until we ate. Thankfully this Applebee's was open. I had the Fish in Chips which wasn't too bad. The tarter sauce was a little too "pickle-y" for me. The french onion soup did not look like the photo but wasn't bad (lacked cheese). My girl went to town on their Treo Appetizer. We usually go to this location when in AZ, so no doubt we'd be back again.
5	Always have a great time here!!    Was greeted immediately after entering the restaurant.   Drink came out fast ..   It take a minute to get a refill ...  But food was hot!!  & everything was delicious:-). Will be back
