4	A gem of a theater on Queens, who knew?Once you find it (you may miss it the first drive by), parking can be a slight issue. The cement lot next to the building (up a fairly decent hill) is small and fills up fast, but apparently you can park right on Queens or at some of the businesses around the corner (since most of the shows are after work hours/during the weekend). You walk in and the ticket booth is straight ahead, I believe it opens 1 hour before each show time. Then, there is an area filled with couches, cafe tables and chairs, and a concession stand. Popcorn ($2), candies, water, soda, beer and wine are available. I didn't catch the price on the glasses of wine but they were definitely nice sized pours. Food/beverages are allowed in the theater. The theater is small, only holds about 220, and all the seats are considered orchestra. (no balcony, no mezzanine, just one floor) The ushers open the doors about 20 minutes before showtime, giving them plenty of time to help you find your seat (which can be a little confusing on your first visit since the seats are lettered and numbered identically on both sides of the theater, but with the added designation of either Orchestra Left or Orchestra Right... sometimes there is some seat swapping involved) The night I was there a large group arrived right at curtain and they actually started the play a little late to accommodate them. (That was definitely a first for me) But this is a very laid back theater, community and volunteer driven, who want you and your children to enjoy the show as much as possible. I don't know if this happens at every show, but the cast came out after and mingled with the guests, and that was definitely an nice bonus. I look forward to visiting Theatre Charlotte again!
4	What a charming little theater tucked away on Queen's Rd! The parking lot is super small so if you're not early don't expect to get a spot, but as mentioned in other reviews you can just park right on the street.The concessions are your standard fare with the addition of wine. I wasn't sure what wines they had but you can get a choice of red or white and they really fill up your glass for just $4.Seats are pretty comfortable and the theater has a cozy feel being so small. The musical I watched when I went was really fun and nicely executed.Can't wait to enjoy more shows here!
4	Well color me impressed! Theatre Charlotte is pretty fantastic! I had the pleasure of catching Theatre Charlotte's production of RENT - filled with incredibly talented local actors and actresses. The theater itself is filled with fairly comfy seats for approximately 220 people, leading to intimate shows but still offering great lighting, sound etc. Also, pricing is very fair, especially for the high quality production I witnessed with RENT - tickets were $24 for adults! As Jimmy mentioned, concessions are surprisingly affordable with wine or beer at $4. Compare that to other theaters in Charlotte and this is pretty close to a steal. This is most definitely a gem in Charlotte and I plan to head over to Theatre Charlotte much more often to enjoy great productions put on and acted by volunteers in our fine city!
4	Especially love just do it!  Same Time Next Year was fabulous.
4	I have driven down Queens Rd several times and never noticed Theatre Charlotte so I was excited when my roomie scored some tickets to see Doubt: A Parable there. The building is quite old, we were told that the theater has operated there for 71 years! The dress is casual, I felt a bit overdressed in my pencil skirt. We were greeted warmly by the staff upon arrival and were able to get a nice malbec for about $4. Be warned, this is a cash only venue...with no atm in the building. We sauntered on to the front row (hey these are the best seats in the house!) and enjoyed the performance. The actress who played Sister Aloysius stood out among the three person cast. Let's just say if you can play a part that Meryl Streep took on and make it look every bit as fabulous you've got talent! Though there was no intermission, I had no problem staying alert throughout the duration. These folks can act! I look forward to seeing another production soon!
4	What's not to love?  One of the oldest if not THE oldest theaters in Charlotte.  That equates to some authenticity's that you won't find elsewhere.  No it doesn't have the glitz and glamour of other places but you won't notice that once in the auditorium area.  Not to mention given it's size it lends itself to more personable service and staff that are into their community and their patrons more so than most.  They are a non profit organization too so they operate solely on ticket sales and grants to show your support for this quaint local theater when you can :)
4	I enjoyed the Yelp event at Theatre Charlotte.  The gathering beforehand was a nice touch before the performance, but honestly, it made me a little drowsy.  Note to self, have drinks AFTER the performance.  The theater is a nice size for a more personal performance atmosphere but it is fully functional.  The production of Doubt was well planned and the actors were in character.  I am thankful to Yelp and Theatre Charlotte for opening my eyes to another performing arts venue.  I look forward to following their schedule and attending another show.
4	I had gone here last night to enjoy the show The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee.  Let me give you a play by play of all I encountered last night.My husband and I had arrived there a little later than we had expected, so I was dropped off at the front of the building so that he could find a parking spot.  I guess that's why I took off one star.  It appeared that this place doesn't have a lot of space for parking.  Too bad they don't own the gravel lot right beside it, because then people would be able to park their cars there instead of on the side of the street.I walked in and saw the ticket booth straight to my right hand side.  Very good so I didn't have to worry about where I was going.  The person inside nicely informed me that I had to go to the Will Call table for my tickets, which was located directly across from the ticket booth, about 3 steps away.  Perfect!  It wasn't a struggle to go somewhere else for my tickets.  Inside looked nice and had a homely feel to it.  I didn't get to enjoy it all the way because my husband and I decided to just go to and take our seats.  But let me tell you all that I did get to see.  It was a nice and opened room, with what looked like very big comfy couches.  If I was a little kid at that moment, I would've ran over and tested out the couches by jumping all over them.  Unfortunately, I'm an adult now.  Oh well.  Inside the waiting room, there was also a beautiful piano near the front entrance.  It was pretty to see when I walked in.Now inside the theater, I thought it was great.  It had high ceilings, which was great for when they wanted to use certain lighting.  I liked the open space.  The seats were super rad.  They were the folding seats (I'm not quite sure what they're called, but you have to push them down to sit in it), and were comfortable.  It didn't hurt that the seats were also a pretty purple color, my favorite!  So kudos for that.  Also, I think that with all the seats, you can see the stage very well.  I love when I can see stuff and not have to break my neck trying to see all the characters.The production itself was amazing.  The performers were wonderful with so much energy for the show.  It was great because there was a lot of funny parts and I just had to actually "Laugh Out Loud."  The set was also amazing, and I loved how they were able to use the lighting in certain ways to transition.  I think that everyone should go and try to catch a show because this is a nice theatre, and also, ticket sales help this theatre out a lot so go and support them!
4	Tough to get older than Theatre Charlotte.No, they don't have the grandeur of the Belk, and there isn't even the intimacy of the Booth - on the outside it doesn't look like much more than a house, which is why you can miss it so easily (I have done so many times).Even once you are inside, the lobby doesn't look like much more than a living room. But past the doors, there is a nice-sized space, and an ample stage, with an impressive array of workmanship backstage as well.The downside is that there is not a lot of parking right there on-site, so you may have to park on the street - or even across the street and hoof it to make the showtime!
4	My boyfriend and I have been here for several shows and it is fantastic!!!  Parking is probably the hardest part so get there early.  There is a small lot or you can park on the street.The lobby is cozy with tables and chairs and couches  The bar has popcorn and candy and beer and wine.  All reasonable prices.  You can also bring the food and beverages in with you to the theatre but please try to respect the other audience members and finish your crunchy food before the action starts.The tickets are not too pricy and the performances are stellar!!!  At Christmas time they have the lobby decorated so you can get your pic taken by the gorgeous fireplace!  Love it!  :-D
4	Saw "Avenue Q" at this theatre.  It was a spectacular and funny show.  Regarding the theatre itself, parking is a bit of an issue, but we parked in a lot where businesses were closed for the evening.  Our seats were at the back of the theatre and were worth the extra two dollars because there was leg room galore!  There doesn't appear to be a bad seat in the house due to the building's incline.  Snacks and beverages available as well
4	My friend and I recently went to see "Arsenic and Old Lace." The theater itself is in an unassuming building in a residential neighborhood. Don't count on parking in the theater's small lot, but a business around the corner allows parking in its lot and helpfully turns its lot's lights on so you feel safer walking back to your car from the theater.The interior space is equally unassuming, but there are a number of tables there to sit and have a drink and snack from the concession (which accepts cash and credit cards). I found it quaint and very befitting of community theater.Plan your bathroom breaks, gentlemen, because unlike many public facilities there are only two toilets in the men's room. So, you can see the odd sight of a line for the men's room that is nearly as long as the line for the ladies' room during the intermission (thought the men's clears faster).There is not a bad seat in the theater, which is only about 20 rows deep by maybe 20 seats wide by my rough estimate. The performance was well done within the limits of community theater. If I lived in Charlotte I would enjoy attending shows here regularly.
4	This is a great local theater with affordable shows. It's orchestra seating only so not a bad seat in the theater. I volunteered at a show and was hooked. I've bought tickets to two more shows this year. The parking lot is very small and it's nestled in a neighborhood so give extra time when trying to find a spot. They are a volunteer based theater so look into options to volunteer. They accept donations at the end of shows so make sure to have a little cash to donate on your way out.
3	We attended a show yesterday at this theater and we were surprised to see that it was located in a neighborhood of suburban houses. We arrived early for the show so parking wasn't that big of a problem. The parking spaces are minimal and they are first come first serve. It is close to downtown which makes it convenient for people to attend a show after work and the prices seem to be reasonable. The theater was large but it was in an okay condition. It seemed like it wasn't being used much because the surroundings seem to be a little dusty. I'm giving this theater 3 out of 5 stars because there was plenty of seating inside but the decor was outdated and simple. Regardless of the cosmetic conditions that we noticed, we did have fun and enjoyed the show. We will be going back.
