5	I had Gigi's in Las vegas and when I found out they were opening in Phoenix I drove Opening day from 19th ave and Camelback to Ray and I17- Totally worth it!!!!  I bought my favorite Miss Princess and tried their new cheesecakes- To die for!!!!!!! Gigi's has a TON of frosting, which I love. But I found the best way to eat it is to pull the paper off and smash the cake into the frosting on a plate or in a bowl and it with a spoon or fork....maybe that goes against the whole point of a cupcake? But with something so delicious, who cares?????? The coconut Macaroon was tasty and the Orange Cranberry Walnut was a surprise- I really liked it.I don't know why, but my least favorite is the wedding cake and that is their biggest seller. But honestly even my least favorite GiGi's is 10x better than a fry's cupcake. Just saying:)
2	I am so sad to write this review.  I was really looking forward to Gigi's opening up. I am a self-admitted cupcake snob. I ordered a red velvet and a midnight chocolate. Yes, there is a lot of icing, it is one heavy cupcake!  I scrapped off over half of it.  I am so disappointed in the cupcake, I found it to be chewy and lacking flavor. The icing was fine.  I guess overall I found the cupcakes to be mediocre.  I took a start away because of the price.  The cupcakes were $3.50 each!  Definitely not worth the price.
4	My buddy brought over four cupcakes from Gigi's last night for us to try. I cooked dinners; she brought dessert. She couldn't decide which ones for us to have, so she ended up with four. Here are our comments:mimosa -- the cake was dense, which is good for the amount of frosting Gigi's puts on their cakes. the frosting was a champagne/orange flavor without being strong. it was a lovely "light" cupcake that would be precious for a wedding shower.salted caramel -- this is the one we thought we'd love the most but it came in third in our unofficial sampling. the cake, dubbed "dark chocolate" didn't have much chocolate flavor. there was salted caramel in the cupcake, but most had soaked in, just leaving the crunchy bits of salt, which somewhat interfered with the softness of the cupcake. perhaps dissolving the salt in the warm caramel and then putting it in the cake?  the caramel frosting with ganache and sea salt was very good. would prefer a better ratio of ganache to caramel frosting, but since there is SO much frosting on these cakes (i typically left half of my frosting on plate, while dining buddy ate all hers ...to each their own), it would be hard to have that much ganache.coming in second was the lemon. straightforward, clean, well-balanced lemon flavor, both in the sponge cake and in the frosting. lemon curd in the cupcake did not absorb into cake, making for a nice surprise in the middle. enjoyed the yellow sugar sprinkles and candied lemon on top. would definitely order this one again.the winner?  drumroll, please (and should be no surprise by readers of our yelp review and our food blog)the maple bacon cupcake.wow.  imagine a cupcake that tastes just like a really good buttermilk pancake, with nice crunchy bits of bacon scattered throughout. not one or two flecks, but a lot. and not flabby pieces, but nice, crispy, bacony bacon. then, put on top a wonderful buttercream frosting that is full of real maple flavor....not too sweet, just really maple-y....like good quality Vermont syrup. then its topped with a bit more of those crunchy, tasty bacon bits. hands down winner. interestingly, this cupcake is not featured in their brochure so hopefully it will become a regular.we're already planning our flavors for our next visit -- we think we're going to channel our inner southern belles and go for the Kentucky Bourbon (yeah, no surprise there), the sweet potato pie, the Southern Comfort, and the Texas Milk Chocolate. Unfortunately, they're not all offered on the same day, so we'll have to go visit on a Wednesday and then come back the following day for the Kentucky Bourbon one. Tough work, we know.
4	We just moved to the area, and the other day I came home to a surprise from my boyfriend - a box of cupcakes from Gigi's down the road. I had seen the bakery frequently while driving but had figured we were in the middle of moving and I'd have time to feed my out-of-control cupcake habit later. I tried a bite of all three of the varieties he brought home and was in LOVE! My favorite: the peanut butter cup. Oh my goodness. The chocolate cupcake is divine (and I don't usually like chocolate cake of any sort), and the frosting was heavenlyyy. Second favorite: blackberry cobbler. Real blackberry taste and again, delicious frosting. The third was a pumpkin white chocolate, which was also delicious, I just think I'm pumpkin'd out, it being October and all. The only bad thing about these cupcakes is you can't eat a whole bit at once with frosting and cake because they are so big! I'm so glad that I have a cupcake place nearby that has so many interesting options (sweet potato pie and coconut macaroon are next on our list!) and such yummy cupcakes!
4	Surprisingly good!  I tried the strawberry lemonade and the caramel french toast.  Each had flavor through the cake and frosting, shockingly unusual to find in cupcakes, and plenty of frosting.  I will bring my sweet pea back for a treat.
4	The variety is great, but I think they if they served the princess cupcake every day they would get so much more business! Cupcakes are top heavy which is fine because the icing taste way better than the cake itself. I found the cake portion of the cupcake to be mediocre but the icing is totally worth it! The best flavors are Miss Princess, Wedding Cake, & Birthday cake. I do feel the prices are too high.
5	Having this place right down the road is going to be a sincere issue...I had to update, because we have now tried additional flavors and they have all been amazing! I had the famed Canadian Maple Bacon and it did not disappoint. The bacon's texture was a LITTLE off, but the overall cupcake made up for it. The frosting on this one is divineee. Also had the Wedding Cake - perfect, light, vanilla-y amazingness, the coconut macaroon (need I even say more? YUM!), and the grasshopper (not a huge mint fan, but this was also awesome!). I am officially addicted to this place...dammit!
5	The BEST cupcakes ever!  I cannot even begin to tell everyone how delicious they are!  Love, love them!!!
3	Stopped in yesterday for my free election day cupcake (awesome marketing idea!)This place is adorable. I was greeted warmly and was cheerily served even after I told her I was just in for the free cupcake deal. Great customer service.As for the cupcakes, well, full disclosure, I'm a complete cupcake snob so...The cupcakes have a TON of icing on them. I'm not a particular fan of icing so that was a negative for me, but my daughter, that was great! And the icing was way too sweet.The cake itself was moist but really lacking in flavor.And they are expensive. $3.50 for a cupcake is a little ridiculous. Their packaging and decor is adorable but I feel like they focused too much on the package instead of using quality ingredients.Probably won't be back since it's out of the way and I can get phenomenal cupcakes at a spot closer to me in Gilbert for $2.75. But I'm glad I got to try it out. Cute spot.
5	Gosh Darn It! They had to be good. I was hoping, since they are so close to my home  and right next to where I shop for groceries most often (Fresh & Easy), that they'd be horrible. Then I'd never have to go again... But, alas...too good to not go back, that's for sure!I've said it before, I'll say it again: if you don't like a lot of frosting, just wipe off the portion you don't want. Heck, if you're sitting next to me and my kids, they'll eat it for you!!I didn't think I was much of an frosting fan either so I wiped off most from the Chocolate Chip Caramel, only to find that the milk chocolate frosting covered with a caramel drizzle was UH-MAZING! Scraped that heap right back in my mouth where it belongs! Yum. Equally impressive it the dense, moist cake (as opposed to light and fluffy texture; these puppies are HEAVY). The White Chocolate Raspberry was chock-full of white chocolate chips and the frosting was not too sweet. It was the prettiest one as well, with white sprinkles and raspberry sauce drizzle. Thoroughly enjoyed the two other chocolate selections (Texas Milk Chocolate & Midnight Magic) as well--Yes! I had four, but only cut them in half so I could save the rest for (my husband) later.Bonus points for presentation (the box is adorable) and variety.
5	Gigi's cupcakes are fantastic!  I wanted gourmet cupcakes for my 40th birthday party and these were a HIT!  I ordered a dozen of the chocolate mint and a mized dozen of the Saturday cupcakes, and they were just as pretty as they were delicious!  My party turned into a cupcake tasting because none of my guests could choose just one and they were all sampling off each other's plates!  I will definitely be a return customer!!!  Thanks so much, Gigi's!!!
5	I had tried Gigi's in Vegas in 2010 and they were so freaking yummy. So every time we go to Vegas we would get them. In July of 2011 My fiance and I went to Vegas for what was to be our Wedding at the Chapel of bells due to some unforeseen incidents that happened Our wedding cake was not to show up :( Gigis cupcakes saved us big time with their Wedding Cake Cupcakes OMGOODNESS they were they best ever and life saving. I will always support Gigis Cupcakes. And I am so super excited that they are here in Phoenix now. instead of us trying to bring some home from the drive from Vegas we now can just share them with everyone here. We love the minis to try and share the different ones. Thank Gigis for being super good and yummy to your tummies...so much better than the competitors...
5	My 3 year old daughter Saw the pictures of cupcakes in the window and insisted we stop in for some. I normally would shy away from "boutique" style bake shops because usually it's not worth the money. In this case it definitely was!! Planning on supply my daughters upcoming birthday party with cupcakes from Gigi's. best cupcake I've ever had.
3	I was really excited this place opened up, it is in a convenient location in Ahwautukee.  Positive:  1. the cake of the cupcake is tasty.  2. service is good and has a fun environment to take a friend or dateNegative: 1. WAY too much frosting.  2. overpriced. ($3.50 per cupcake).
4	Great flavor! A little too much frosting for me, but still yummy! The cupcake boxes had a plastic lining at the bottom to keep the cupcake from falling over, which was a nice touch.
5	On a whim, I stopped in to GiGi's to see what their cupcakes were like. I was at first taken back by the price of each cupcake (at the time it was $4.50 per cupcake); however I was quickly distracted by their variety of flavors. I decided on the birthday cake flavor because it was recently my brother's birthday. When we finally tasted the cupcakes, they were amazing. The texture of the icing was perfect. It was not too heavy or light. And the actual cupcake was moist and tasty. The birthday cake flavor was in the icing. If I am in the area again I will definitely stop in for a cup cake or two. Also, the service was excellent. Even thought it was a little busy, the counter person was still polite and patient.
4	Cupcakes are my favorite desserts ever, and I about died when I was given a dozen mini cupcakes from Gigi's for Christmas. They were easily the best cupcakes I've ever had! I have had many many cupcakes from upscale bakeries (think Sprinkles and Caketini), but they all pale in comparison to Gigi's. I especially love their chocolate cupcakes, but they're all amazing and you can't go wrong. I'm only knocking them a star because it's so expensive. It cost me $7 for two (full sized) cupcakes! To me, it was worth it, but it might not be for everybody, so be wary!
5	loved it, but it's expensive...wish they did coupons for 85226 area code.
1	This was my first time going to Gigi's and was looking forward to it since the previous cupcake store closed. Well the look was pretty nice, but I must say they use a lot of frosting. I was excited until I bit into them and they were dry and crusty. Paid 65 dollars for cupcakes that mostly went to waste because they all were dry and very dense and not at all moist and fluffy like most cupcakes. I definitely will not be placing another order with them.
1	Not great...DON'T waste your calories!  The cake was dry, over cooked and very bland tasting.  Frosting did not have a lot of flavor and was way too sweet.   We picked up 7 different cupcakes for my birthday...and I tried all 7.  Honestly I could make better cupcakes out of a box.  Plus waiting 10 minutes at the counter for someone to come to the front to wait on us....even when I said "HELLO" several times trying to let them know we were there.  Meanwhile two other people came in and waited awhile and then left.  When they FINALLY came to the front counter...no apology or explanation.  I so WISH I WOULD HAVE USED MY BIRTHDAY CALORIES on NOTHING BUNDT CAKES next door!!  What a waste of calories!!  DEFINITELY go to NOTHING BUNDT CAKES...they are ALWAYS FRESH, moist and wonderful flavor.
3	3.5 stars It was my sister's birthday so I decided to try this place out. It's relatively new to this side of town so what the heck. The cupcakes have a very generous amount of icing on them it's about 3/4 icing to 1/4 cake so if icing isn't your thing then this may not be your best option. My niece and nephew being conseurs of icing and having cake as an after thought were very impressed.  They have a lot of creative flavors and the cupcakes are very well decorated.  For the cake part the ones we had were good I didn't think any of them were dry.  If you have kids then they will definitely like the icing.
5	I had Gigi's cater our cupcakes for our wedding in February. Nadia was awesome with instruction and communication. Everyone LOVED the cupcakes. Very reasonably priced as well. My step kids just love stopping in for a treat every once in a while on the way home too! Glad they came to Ahwatukee.
2	Thoroughly not impressed.  A friend of mind told me about their new location in Tempe and dropped a brochure at my desk.. The photos are amazing, and I can attest that the cupcakes in person were just as pretty.The pretty ambiance was ruined by the fly hovering within the cupcake display case landing on the cupcakes. The woman behind the counter was disinterested in answering questions and even ignored my inquiries about what gluten free flavors they had for the day.  I was disappointing to see they house the gluten free in with the traditional, not the best idea for avoiding cross contamination, but decided they  must practice safe standards as there cupcakes are quite well put together, so I ignored the oversight.They had one gluten free option,  a vanilla cake with a mountain of frosting topped with white pastilles.  I purchased four intending to bring them home.When I ate one upon getting to work, the cake was very dry and greasy, just as another yelp review stated. The frosting is overly sweet and ridiculously overdone, causing the cupcake to topple over. The coworker that went with me purchased the salted caramel (non-gluten free), and found hers to be just as dry, overly frosted, and equally disappointing.I am leaving the remaining three cupcakes in the work break room, not even worth bringing home, what a waste of $15.BOTTOM LINE:  Invest your time and money into heading over to Sprinkles in Scottsdale.  Better cupcakes better service, and fly free displays. They may have only one gluten free option, but it is far superior.
3	UPDATE:Post grad party, my dad had called Gigi's corporate number and left her a message. He had never heard back until I wrote my review on here.  They were very prompt in their response and contacted my dad and it was supposedly Gigi herself making the call, which I thought was great management.  She called and said an apology and offered us some free stuff and we simply told her that we didn't call to get free stuff.  We just wanted to let them know about the poor management by the current manager at that specific store for their benefit and knowledge.  She later had the owner of that franchise call my dad as well and he basically stated the same things and we reiterated that we weren't looking for anything free and just wanted to benefit themselves by our experience.  The owner is incredibly nice and helpful and his customer service was great.  I honestly believe it was just that particular manager we had dealt with that was NOT the best.  These cupcakes are very tasty and definitely worth trying.  The peanut butter cup and cookie dough ones have been my favorites so far. Definitely stop in and check it out!This particular location was a mess. I have never used or been to Gigi's before so my mom and I stopped in to try a few before deciding on if we wanted them to cater my graduation party.  The manager came to the counter and was helpful but didn't seem super friendly.  We liked the cupcakes- beware there is a MOUNTAIN of frosting. I am not a huge fan of a ton of frosting, I like to actually taste the cake, but I don't have a problem eating around it, just a warning for those who don't know! So we came back in to order and once we decided on the flavors we liked, the girl seemed to know what she was doing.  We rented a tier and she said if there's any negative space they can fill it with rose petals, or something to fill the void area so it looks fuller for the party.  We had a deliver for a restaurant literally just over the I-10 not even a half a mile away for a 1 PM delivery.  We told guests to arrive at 1:30 so we gave them a 30 minute buffer.  They call us as we are on our way to the restaurant at 1:15 asking if we still wanted the tier... of course, we paid the fee for it... They also informed us they would be leaving in 5 minutes and that they wouldn't set up the cupcake tier or fill it with rose petals or whatever to fill the negative space like the girl suggested.. We get to the restaurant waiting for the delivery because we had to set up the display ourselves and we were worried about time.  1:30 rolls around and we decided to give them a call and the manager said that he was on his way. We waited some more.. and  majority of the guests had already started to arrive.  It was now 2 PM and the appetizers were already starting to slowly come out and the cupcakes STILL were not there. We called a third time and the girl said the manager was on his way (mind you the restaurant is literally 5 minutes away MAX).  The manager finally arrived  with the tier and cupcakes.  My sister was the one who was going to set it up because I was socializing with all the guests that arrived already and she asked him, "Is this all 40 of the cupcakes?" (the bag looked small so she was just double checking) and he replied with an attitude confirming the order to her.  I came over and helped her assemble them.  As we pulled them out we noticed the frosting was all lopsided on about 95% of them, and the cookie dough cupcakes weren't even filled close to the top of the fluted cup.  It is obvious they didn't time their order correctly and half assed the frosting in a hurry to get to our party an HOUR late when we even gave them a half hour buffer to be safe.  Seems to me there needs to be a new manager because he was rude, sloppy, and untimely- all which are bad qualities a manager shouldn't have.Now keep in mind, I have worked in the industry and I don't really care that the frosting was lopsided too much, but it's the principle of the matter.  I would NEVER send out cupcakes looking that way especially for an event in which I would be looking to get more business from people at the event.  I am also not one to ever complain to a manager unless something has really gone wrong and I have never written a review on Yelp before.  My dad had called Gigi's corporate and left a message saying that the experience wasn't great and that the manager wasn't very organized etc. and he never heard back.  Seems to me this chain isn't very customer service friendly.All in all, the cupcakes are good and definitely worth checking out.  I just wouldn't EVER have them cater an event at that specific location as long as that manager is working.
5	Ordered cupcake delivery for my sister-in-law's birthday and they were awesome!!! Same day delivery and they put together a great assortment.  Rob was amazing- top notch customer service even when we had some issues (my fault on the wrong address) with the delivery location.  Rob was able to get it to the right place with a smile!  Great job Gigi's and thank you for making her birthday special.
5	I don't know why some people say that Gigi's cupcakes are dry and the customer service is terrible. A must-get cupcake is the birthday cake and the wedding cake. It was my first time coming here and the gal at the counter helped me choose what to get. Overall, I would most definitely come here again.
3	Customer service was great,  the girl at the counter was very polite:) got 1 birthday surprise cupcake and it tasted "okay" for 3.50. Cake was moist, just overall flavor was bland. Could of had the same taste from a safeway cupcake for cheaper.
4	4 stars based on the tastes of the cupcakes.  We went today because I got a coupon for a free cupcake from 104.7 for my bday.  I don't get why these places are charging $3.50 for 1 cupcake, they are good but not that good...and also don't get why they use so much frosting.  The cream cheese frosting that was on the princess one and the frosting that was on the birthday surprise were really good and not overly sweet but there was way too much.Cute little place but probably won't go back seeing as I can make the same thing for a lot less .
3	Wayyyyy too rich. Frosting is heavy, cake is good though. Not a fan of the hard edible decorations that often land on top.
5	I'm basing 5 star strictly on the cupcakes. We went tonight for a craving fix... Got there about 20min to closing... The chic there was very NOT helpful, had zero personality and said like two words to us. The cupcakes are great tho.... Slim pickings at the end of the night.... But Ron got the wedding cake which he really liked and was good. However, mine ROCKED! The coconut cream pie cupcake is AMAZE-BALLS!
2	Presentation was nice but the chocolate cake was extremely dry, on the other hand the strawberry cake was not to bad. The one thing that should be changed is the frosting...I would recommend using less.  I've had some good cupcakes in my travels and so far nothing compares to Georgetown Cupcakes.
4	We absolutely love the wedding cake cupcakes. You may go into a sugar coma from the icing but it is simply delicious!
4	I've had cupcakes from this location a couple of times now. I've tried about four different flavors and they're all really delicious but I don't use refined sugars in my own daily cooking/baking so I get a really bad headache after eating these cupcakes every time. They come with a very generous amount of frosting (which I absolutely love) but I only eat about half a cupcake at a time so I don't make myself miserable!I went in store for the first time on a Saturday afternoon. The store was busy with a couple rude/demanding groups ahead of us while their children ran around the small store screaming and yelling, the phone was ringing off the hook, and there was only one member on staff. It wasn't until I got home when I opened my to-go box and saw that the staff had messed up my order and gave me the wrong cupcake. The one they gave me was still good but a little disappointing, especially considering I only ordered a total of two cupcakes. I understand it was a little busy and distracting in the shop so it won't stop me from going back but I think they could definitely step it up a little in the customer service department.
5	I had one of your mini cupcakes at a Giants baseball game for the first time- Setting up your adorable food trunk was a GREAT idea! I wish I was able to have more- But I was quite full from lunch. I only hope Gigi's cupcakes has a store in old town Scottsdale one day soon! You guys would kick Sprinkles booty! I can not wait to go back to a Giants spring training game and order more! Great work!!! :o)
1	Wow what a disappointment. I've had cupcakes from here, they are actually not bad, and this place is a lot closer than sprinkles which is my go to cupcake spot. However, going here on a Sunday was a horrible idea. My kid has been whining about wanting a cupcake all day, so I figured let's save the drive to Scottsdale and stop at gigis which is much closer. Big mistake. I figured on a Sunday afternoon this place would have the shelves stocked with cupcakes, I went in with the intention of easily buying a dozen. The store was empty and so were the shelves, they had about 4 types of cupcakes available. I don't think I could have ordered a dozen if I'd wanted it. They should have just closed the doors! I asked if that was all they had, and the girl behind the counter said "we run out fast". Right, whatever you say girlfriend. No red velvet, no chocolate, nothing but disgusting Boston cream pie or peanut butter truffle. I will never waste my time in going here again, I'll take the half an hour drive to sprinkles any day.
2	Dry, Dry and Dry are my first three descriptors.  Next I would say flavorless.  Tons of frosting that is not very good.  I had the carrot cake and it is so dry you must have ice cream or a liquid with it, also it had no flavor at all.  Essentially the same for the frosting, although it is not dry.  Tons of frosting and a sugary taste.  Bought two carrot cake cupcakes and am tossing the second one.
3	The most beautiful cupcakes, but some flavors are better than others. So far I have tried the:Wedding Cake - very good!Sopapilla - pretty tasty!White Midnight Magic - Average and close to grocery store bakery tasteLemon Icebox - I struggled to find the lemon taste. I wouldn't pick it again.Gluten-free Peanut-butter Cup - Doesn't even taste gluten free. Full of flavor and ranks in at #2 for me.Amaretto - delicious! This one is my hubby's favorite.Banana Chocolate Chip - This cake tasted more like a muffin with icing in top. Not a fan.Tiger Tail - Amazing! So far, this is my #1!Their pile high frosting is their trademark, and I don't mind scooping off what I'm not going to eat. I wouldn't say the cupcakes are dry, it is just a firmer cake. Every time I have visited the Ahwatukee location, I have received great customer service from the girls working. If it's your first time and you need a minute to decide (and you will because everything looks so scrumptious) just let them know and they will be happy to give you time and help others until your ready. I also find it helpful to visit their website to see what's on the menu that day. While I am a fan of GiGi's, I do have to say that I prefer Sprinkles. The consistent robust flavor and moist texture of all Sprinkles cakes give them the advantage. It's just a bummer that they are in Scottsdale, so I tend to visit GiGi's more. The only other cupcakery in the area is Mind Over Batter. GiGi's is definitely better in terms of taste, selection and customer service.
4	I'm a weirdo that likes plain cupcakes. No frosting.I asked the girls at the front for my special cupcake and they seemed some what taken back. "I dont think anyone has every asked for that. Umm.. Yeah.. I think we can do that"But Hooray! They came through and it was a glorious day. Super moist and fluffy. Yum Yum Yum!
3	Not good, not bad.   Average.   The Wedding Cake cupcake is the way to go.   Friendly counter help.    They did not offer any information on any specials or loyalty club though.
2	Bought 4 cupcakes today and just wasn't impressed. We shared them among family tonight and the vote was pretty unanimous. Super sugary sweet frosting and dry fairly flavorless cake. The chocolate chip cookie dough was okay flavor wise. But overall, very disappointed in overpriced not so great cupcakes.
2	I really wanted to like these cupcakes, but maybe I've just been spoiled by Chicago cupcakes.  I thought the actual cupcake was just so so but I prefer mine much more moist-- and the frosting was too hard and sugary- not really creamy like I prefer.  My husband liked them, he'd probably give them a 4, but I will not return.
