4	Ok now before you go thinking to yourself, "hey Andy, you wear make up?"No I do not...at least in public...I came here with my wife...she loves Sephora in Time Square, so when she saw this, she nearly had a seizure on the cold Montreal sidewalk. We went in and did the usual Sephora split...she goes to see things for her face, and I go and check out the colognes.She left with her usual items of mystery...things that I do not know how or where she uses them...but she was happy. I did not get anything, but I have to say , the place was immaculate, the staff was friendly and the prices were lower than NYC.
3	After I found out that Sephora stocks Korres products I headed over to the new store in Fairview, Pointe Claire. Apparently Sephora Quebec doesn't stock Korres but Ontario stores do, due to packaging regulations (i.e language, as Korres products are in Greek and English)Completely ridiculous and another reason consumers will always find a way to buy elsewhere if they don't get access to what they want. So I can shop online at SkinStore.com and only pay 5$ shipping from the USA for an entire order.Apart from that, Sephora did have a great selection of brands, not all girly, if you know what you are looking for.   Staff were very helpful and  love to to direct you to the $150 creams (sorry couldn't resist). I would recommend researching the brands first though, many may just be in there because they have compliant packaging rather than really being the best brands you can buy. Many were missing in the store from the Sephora website. The prices seemed inline with elsewhere i.e. Dr. Hauschka prices were the same as Olgivy's, but again, I would compare as some products may have a premium attached to the price simply because you can't readily get access to that brand elsewhere in Montreal. Another thing that sucks is that on the Sephora website orders in the US over 50$ are free, however Canadian orders it's over $150 to get free shipping, Again, check out skinstore.com
5	I was very happy to be serviced by shira the skin care consultant.  Normally I like people who know what they're talking about and showing variety of products so I can make a good choice. Other then that store seemed well kept and organized and products in display were great too. Loved this particular location and spot
