3	Another baffling, huge monster of a pound store to be found in this area of Edinburgh.It sells everything. I could expand on everything that it sells, but we would be here for a while. I might invent an updated version of the Only Fools and Horses song that plays during the end credits, since they list off their many bargain wares.For a wide range of products, this place isn't bad. Aside from selling the tourist tat that most bargain stores in Edinburgh display, they've got some imitation brands, garden equipment and cheap as chips electrics, just to give you an idea of the broad spectrum. I wouldn't trust any electrics from a pound shop, but for things like earphones you can be pleasantly surprised for a short lived period of time.Needs must in these purse pinching days of the recession, but it's a bit too much of a tacky overload for me. I'm sure if you rake through this place with a fine toothed comb you'll find something of use, but mostly it's a bit much! But since they bear the Only Fools ethos of bargain selling, it's a guarantee you'll find "cut prices at a stroke!"
3	In here you can almost smell the sweat of the poor bastard who toiled several 18 hour shifts to make your cheap wheelie bin, before being paid a handful of mouldy rice, and getting beaten senseless by his supervisor on the way home to the corrugated iron shed he shares with 25 other people.Well he wasn't getting worked hard enough, because all the shit in here falls apart after a couple of day's use. Next time Mr supervisor, beat harder.
3	Certainly not the most glamorous shop, Pound Savers stocks all manner of tat and this place is so big it really does seem to have everything but the kitchen sink. I could have spent hours in here browsing at all the wares, finding bizarre reasons why I would ever need half of the stuff in here. I was tempted by the colourful clay as it's been so long that I've made any clay people but decided it wasn't a very wise purchase.This place does seem to have everything but to be honest, none of it seems all that useful but if you're looking for a tiny screwdriver, a crazy soap dish or a garden gnome you will be able to take your pick in here.
3	To reitterate Jonathan, this place is a mess.But.....it does exactly what it says on the tin. Thus, you can't really complain too much about it!! It's Pound Savers and it saves you money. Since becoming a student I've got into the habbit of buying small things I may need - cloths, towels, soaps etc - from bargain stores just like this one. I then am surprised when my towels get holes and my soap makes my skin go funny. But it saves me money, so let's not get choosey.They have everything you would ever need here, it was a heck of a novelty for me when I first came to Edinburgh. But watch out - I found myself buying total crap just because it was cheap. I now have a post-box piggy bank, three slinkeys and a bunch of stickers.
3	To reitterate Jonathan, this place is a mess.But.....it does exactly what it says on the tin. Thus, you can't really complain too much about it!! It's Pound Savers and it saves you money. Since becoming a student I've got into the habbit of buying small things I may need - cloths, towels, soaps etc - from bargain stores just like this one. I then am surprised when my towels get holes and my soap makes my skin go funny. But it saves me money, so let's not get choosey.They have everything you would ever need here, it was a heck of a novelty for me when I first came to Edinburgh. But watch out - I found myself buying total crap just because it was cheap. I now have a post-bo
3	This is like walking into a budget Aladdins Cave, they have everything you could ever want for life in this shop. Phones, cooking utensils, stationary, cushions, toiletries and wool all come under the same roof here. If you need something and don't know where to find it chances are you'll find it here. As student living in my own flat for the first time this place was great for getting all those things I'd never had to think about before- a clothes horse, a potato masher, or light bulbs.This is also a good shop to pick up tacky Scottish themed gifts for stocking fillers and secret santa presents!!
3	I came in here to buy wool. I found the wool. There wasn't a huge selection but boy was it cheap, especially compared to some 'normal' wool stores and deparment stores where it actually ends up being cheaper to buy the scarf pre-made.The store was really big and full to the brim with things. It was quite well laid out and clean and tidy inside, as sometimes bargain stores can be a bit messy and cold feeling. Lots of bling behind the counter. The staff were really friendly.I find it hard to give a bargain store a higher rating, but they do everything really well in the context of what they are. Will be back for more wool for sure! (If I ever make it past 5 rows of knitting...)
4	I have visited the shop several times and bought useful things from here. I am seeing some of the reviews which are a bit unfair in my opinion because from a bargain shop you expect all kind of things  that are neither classy nor top-branded, but still useful and not crap. You have to use a bit your brains and inspect well the object to see if  passes the test of really crap or a good bargain. The prices are really competitive and cheap and the variety is large (tools, stationary, lighting, kitchenware, houseware, decoration, crafts, some small appliances, you name it!). So far all the things I bought are still in good working order, and if they give me 2-3 years of operation I am happy at that price.  Every item have prices and in acceptable organisation, below James Centre standards but much above from "a mess" as one poster said.  The only negative I can find is that there is limited space to browse and walk around; but not that bad either.This is a great shop for students who have to fill their apartments with necessity utensils. The personal are not native English, and are not as courteous as the typical Englishman, but still they are friendly and if you ask I want to buy XYZ the will show you where it is. So far they help I don't care on their personal life that another reviewer commented below (why it matters?!) Well, 4 stars well earned for saving me some pounds and time visiting many shops.
1	I would give minus stars if that was an option as today's visit to Poundsavers will cost me in a couple of ways. Allow me to explain. My watch battery needed replacing. I intended to go to a jewelers but saw a sign outside Poundsavers advertising all watch batteries replaced. The man behind the counter said it was fine and I would be able to collect my watch in some minutes with the new battery. On retrieving my watch the man insisted on placing it on my wrist for me and although I thought this a bit odd I was okay with it as I would inspect the backing once I left the store. I paid for the new battery and left (can't believe they had the gull to charge me for it!). Upon inspecting the backing I noted many large and deep grooves where he attempted to prise the backing off without any intelligence as well as a significant chunk missing from the watch (this is a very nice wood watch which I adore). I was enraged and reentered the store only to receive terrible customer service. The man insisted it was the fault of the manufacturer, that it was a cheap plastic watch anyway, that my battery was replaced as I asked and he could have done no better a job (I've no doubt of the last statement!). After pointlessly pushing my case that had brought in a complete watch and left with a broken one, which I would have happily taken somewhere else if there had been any indication from himself that he was struggling with getting the backing off (but there wasn't), and that I had every right to be upset, particularly given that he tried to deceive me by placing the watch on my wrist so  that I might not notice his savagery, (which he in no way denied and it was obvious from his speech and manner that he knew he had damaged my property), another man working there said they would be willing to refund the cost of the battery. Well, better than nothing but the cost of the repair would be better!  As it was clear this was the best I was going to get from this simpleminded lot and that further efforts would be better spent hitting my head off of a brick wall, I was 'kindly' asked once and again and again to leave. At no point did I raise my voice beyond a reasonable level or curse or dance around like a maniac but I certainly felt justly angered for this treatment, expressed myself calmly and coherently and was met with idiocy and false truths. Needless to say I would not shop at Poundsavers if it was the only show in town after the brutality my watch endured and the treatment I subsequently received today. Very disappointed!
