3	Today I made a venture into the newly renovated food court of Arizona Mills. Of course I bypassed the salad bar and  shocking to even myself the Froyo place and went straight for what I was hoping to be the spicy selection at Tinta Mexicana. I quickly checked over their list of items, tacos, burritos, and bowls a bit limited but hey it's mall food. Upon first glance I was thinking this is just another Chipotle in disguise, but Tinta Mexicana has something they do not, Bacon wrapped Hot Dogs! Need I say anymore? I got the Sonoran, but did it my way. I just could not see a tasty bacon dog smothered in mayo, ketchup and mustard as the menu suggested. You have your choice of brown or black beans, and onion mixed with cilantro. I skipped the onion cilantro mix, as to spare others upon my return to the office. Now if they had cilantro alone, I would have gone for it. I asked to replace my condiments with their spicy salsa, of which was not spicy at all but still flavorful. The service was a bit slow on the uptake, but they are fairly new and perhaps still working the kinks out. All in all for around $4.50, a pretty good deal. I'll be back, I mean c'mon they've got Bacon!
4	I was really apprehensive to try this place, especially since this restaurant is owed by the same Villa Franchise that owns most of the other restaurants in the food court ( I haven't had much luck with the other Villa restaurants, especially that disappointingly tiny Mo' Burger 20 steps away but that's another review). Anyway, back to Tinta the service here is a little on the slower side but the food is worth the wait. I had the shredded pork tacos and they were the BOMB! I topped the tacos with about half of the topping bar and was in heaven. I will say, I wish they doubled up on the tortillas because corn tortillas split easily. The pork was so moist and tender and the hot salsa lended itself nicely to the mix. My sister had the tacos and the Elote (she blasted through it in all in less than 10 minutes). I can't wait to come back to sample the rest of the menu.
3	Was excited to see they offered a Sonoran style hot dog. Tasted okay but definitely not even close to what a Sonoran style is supposed to be. Avoid it if you have had the real thing. For example, they just use a large regular hot dog bun. Couldn't even bother to get the bread right.Okay in a pinch.
1	Talk about terrible. Goodness. I came here because my co-workers kept raving about it so I finally decided to try it. Well it's extremely hard to order when the person behind the counter doesn't speak English. She understood Carnitas quesadilla, aaaand that was about it. While pointing and using exaggerated words I got the lady to understand "sour cream". Then I tried to tell her "mild salsa". Omg, what a headache. After saying "mild" eight times she then started pointing to the different salsas and I said, "I don't know which one is the mild." Not sure why I said it, she didn't understand it. She then said, "Hot?" I gestured with my fingers and said, "little hot." It was enough to get some salsa into a little to-go cup. Holy hell. This wouldn't have bothered me as much if I were in some hole in the wall Mexican joint where I know the food is amazing because the recipes are being passed down the generations. But that wasn't the case, I was in a mall for crying out loud! So I get back to work and open my food. It's dripping, literally, with grease. In fact, it was so greasy that the aluminum paper stuff holding it together tore when I tried to pick it up. I couldn't even stomach eating the last piece. They barely put any Carnitas or cheese in the quesadilla, and they didn't put any of the grilled onions that should have been there either. I paid $7 for this awful Carnitas quesadilla and it didn't come with a drink or sides. So overall this was truly terrible. I will not be going back. Take your money to a Chipotle since that's who they're trying to copy, or try a different eatery in Az Mills.
5	Wow very surprised to see a great quality food in a food court , very tasty Barbacoa and guacamole !!!!! Wow
4	The build your own burrito is fresh, tasty and big enough to share. The staff is great.
1	The food here was awful, I noticed that their seasoning is loaded with tenderizer and that had me in a state of distress all night.... lets just say i couldnt leave the bathroom. I am hispanic and enjoy my Mexican, but this joint sucked. I had cramps and stomach pains all night. Do not give children this food.... have mercy.
