4	This place was pretty damn good.  It's like Taco Del Mar, but better.  You can get sauteed vegetables put in your burrito or tacos and they even have grilled, seasoned tofu!  I'm in heaven.All the menu items are names after pop-culture references... I had "The Ugly naked Guy" a la Friends.  I was amused.I guess the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because, in the end, it's just a cheap taco joint... but if you are in the mood for that, hit it up!
4	"WELCOME TO MOE'S!!!!"This is what you'll hear when you walk in the door at this or any other Moe's Southwest Grill location.  It is the perfect place to go for a chill fast casual meal...It's by far the best fast casual mexican concept around - extremely fresh, clean, friendly, and cheap!  Their chips and salsa are tasty and you don't get so many that you feel sick afterwards.  Also, their salsa selection (3 different kinds) is great whether you are lookiing for spicy or mild...Moe's started in Atlanta so I was familiar with it from when I lived there... I am so excited that they are expanding in AZ!  Moe's is great for families, athletes, health-conscious, or not so health-conscious.  There is something for everyone at Moe's!
4	Won't knock your pantaloons off, but it probably won't disappoint either. Snuggled up next to a pizza place, a sub shop and a coffee-addict's dream, Moe's offers you options - from quesidillas and tacos to salads and their infamous monster-size burritos.  Last time I went, I had one Overachiever taco. My total was barely $3. If you are a hungry hippo, you may need two. All orders come with a helping of crunchy chips and access to the salsa bar. Oh, and if you need a tasty beverage, you have the option of the soda fountain or bottled water, seltzer and Mexican beer. The place is pretty clean with plenty of seating. I like that you can hop on a stool at the window and watch the outside world. The staff is friendly - mandatory greeting everyone with "Welcome to Moe's!" If you're a fan of Mexican food, try Moe's. I've had their burrito, quesillda and soft-shell taco. Each and every time I've eaten here, I've left satisfied with plenty of reason to go back again.
2	I'm writing this on my laptop as I sit on the toilet - it has been less than 1 hour since I ate there. This is round 2 of what I predict will be at least a 3 round battle between my stomach and Moe's *courtesy flush*. My girlfriend is currently having her own private battle in the other bathroom.I had a steak burrito and she had a chicken burrito. I didn't eat beans or rice and she did. The only things we had the same were the tortilla, the chips, the cheese, and the diet soda... why we are both ill off this, I don't really know. I started to feel the 'gut rot' as I took my last bite. The steak tasted somewhat odd - I figured it was the sauce it was soaking in... the meat was very drippy and soggy. The chips were stale and bland and looked like they came out of a bag. I'm told the chicken was pretty mediocre. The fake-nice we encountered when we walked in was kinda irritating to me, but I'm sure it's fun if you're in that kind of mood. I guess I wasn't. The atmosphere was less than special as well. It reminded me of Peter Piper Pizza.I think the problem is that I went to Chipotle before ever going to Moe's. I was spoiled. Fresh ingredients, much of it organic, and a classy atmosphere. Moe's is just barely a half-step above Taco Bell, but with Chipotle prices. I understand that this place is really busy during lunch, and I went in the evening - perhaps when it's busier, the food is better?I'm never going back - apart from the food giving me assplosions, it tasted pretty awful (especially compared to Chipotle). Anyway - this place sucks... boo-hiss.
1	FYI:  This location is closed as of 9/23/08.
