5	I was driving around and saw this place before it even opened and thought I should give it a try. I went a couple days ago and had the Shabu-Shabu. I'm not a big fan of side dishes but this place was different. They were so good it made me feel right at home. The shabu shabu came with vegetables and beef. The decoration was pretty and the meat melted in my mouth. YUM! The portions may not seem so big but once you start eating it's as if the food never disappears. The waitress asked if I wanted rice or if I wanted porridge after. I said I wanted the porridge. I was almost done with my meal and asked them to do one bowl of rice. Let me tell you the porridge is TO DIE FOR. It was SOOOOOOOO goood. I thought one bowl would be too little but my friend and I were so full we had leftovers. I figured that my bill would be like $50 but nope only $23.22. I will DEFINITELY be going back there.
5	Visited from California and looked for a KBBQ place in Las Vegas, found this place and loved it! Ordered the brisket plate and was delicious!!! Side dishes were so plentiful...highly recommended for awesome korean bbq =)
5	I eat at plenty of Korean restaurants and I never ever write reviews but for the first time, I feel compelled to write one, although, I'll keep it short and simple. I ordered the Shabu-Shabu and was amazed! The side dishes come aplenty and are tasty. The staff are open and friendly. You can bet that I'll come back here again and again!
4	SHABU! And the price is not bad too!SHABU is is 9.99 per person and has to have a minimum of two people for the order. Meat is a decent portion but I order more which was only 5.99 more. SESAME SEED sauce ! Side dishes were pretty good too! Great kimchi!For sure got to come back and try BBQ
5	I enjoyed the customer service and the shabu shabu tastes greater than other places I have been to. Liked it even more that it was already prepared broth unlike California shabu shabu that was just water. I would say I would come back here again and try some of their other dishes they have.
5	I came here with my husband and kids. We had Kimchi Chigae, yuk ge Jang and mandu guk. We love this restaurant! Our total bill is $32 - very reasonable price. The owner and our waitress were very nice. We don't live around here otherwise I can see myself coming here regularly  but next time we're in Vegas we'll surely come back. Bring this feeling that we're back in Korea!
4	This restaurant is clustered with other Korean restaurants and markets in an older strip mall just south of Sahara Blvd. I ordered ojingo pogum. My meal was ready quickly.   The squid was over cooked, but the flavor was great with lots of fresh vegetables.  The pan chan included 7 dishes.  The waitress checked back multiple times  to make sure my needs were taken care of.   Great place except for the ambiance due to the dated decor. Go for the food.
5	Great korean bbq!I came here late on a Friday night (9pm) on the way back from picking up my boyfriend at the airport. We were the only ones there and initially I felt like we were keeping them from closing, but they were very accommodating and friendly. We went for the "good choice" meat platter which was brisket, short ribs, chicken and pork belly. A LOT of meat, but it was so good we finished it all! I believe it was about $35 which I felt was a good price for the amount of food. The employees cooked the meat for us at our table - not sure if they always do it for you or if they just did it since we were the only ones there. They also give you like 8 side dishes, and for the most part they were pretty good.  The area where this restaurant is located looks a bit shady, but that's quickly forgotten when you taste the food!
1	very disappointed, food are not fresh at all. Really should leave at the time when we arrived there and found no one else in there. The taste was bad.
5	The food was really good & the girl was really polite And sufficient with her time. Prices are very fair. Yummy yummy!! I'm from Seattle and there are a lot more korean bbq spots out there, but the quality and service was equal to that! Thanks!
4	The bulgogi shabu shabu was delicious and their banchan was too, but I definitely felt discriminated against because I don't exactly look Asian! Our server asked us if we were "both okay using chopsticks." A reasonable question if neither of you are Asian, but seeing as how my boyfriend is obviously 100% Korean... I immediately knew this question was directed soley to me.  Yes, "we" are okay using chopsticks. The server took it a step further though and explained that their metal chopsticks might be more slippery than what I'm used to so if I'd prefer the wooden ones they were available too....as if I don't have a whole drawer full of pretty Korean metal chopsticks at home that I regularly eat with.  Little girl... do you really think this is my first time eating Asian food? LOL I bet I watch more Kdrama than you too!!!! :D
1	Here is the summary:Service - awfulFood taste - goodFood presentation - good Overall experience - badI won't come back nor will I recommend the place. Want details? Here it is:the lady who served us barely spoke english, did not care much or both. I know this because I told her several times not to put noodle in my soup because I am allergic to wheat. I didn't expect her to understand "gluten sensitive" but "no noodle" should be a no brainer. She still brought a stew full of noodle and I had to fish it out. We waited for a long time for them to bring the food so I did not send it back. As a result I spent a lot more time on the toilette a lot more often that night that I usually do or want to. The food was good taste wise I would give it 4.5 out of 5. But overall experience was pretty bad. I wish I spent my money elsewhere.
5	From an American married to a Korean perspective:  Ponchon is the best in Las Vegas.   Portions are good.   Food is good.   Shabu shabu for two is great.   Prices are slightly lowest in town.
5	I came back and once again I am beyond satisfied.  I absolutely LOVE this place. They added a new menu with buckwheat noodles. The spicy bibim naeng myun is my favorite. This time around we had two shabu shabu one bibim naeng myun and one bulgogi. I loce how this place is always the same. It almost makes me feel as if I am back in Korea. Tastes a lot like homemade food. YUMMMMMMM.... Service was AHHHHMAZING they take such good care of us I most definitely will be back again. I can't believe a place like this does not have more reviews. I hope this place picks up because I hate to see a place like this go to waste. (:
3	I came here during my visit in Vegas this past weekend with my brother and sister-in-law. We are a huge fan of Korean BBQ so we wanted to try it. We're from SoCal where the rice is an extra charge for AYCE and usually we're used to having rice paper served with the other side dishes, but the rice included was quite a good surprise. The food is worth it but the only negative thing I would say is that the variety of their dipping sauces for the brisket is only limited to one (olive oil and salt). But other than that, everything else is excellent!
5	Really really good Korean restaurant in Vegas. We had shabu shabu and kimchi jjigae. After you're finished with shabu shabu (Korean style), they make a porridge with left over broth. Bomb. Highly recommend.
4	The server was attentive and friendly. The ban chan was so yummy. I didn't know what this side dish was...she went ahead to find out. Bellflowers are yummy.
4	I'm such a hot pot fan and this on has a pretty good deal. Definitely recommend it if your a Shabu Shabu fan. It's has more of a korean twist. The only reason it's not a 5 is cuz there's not too much variety but don't mistake that for negativity. If I lived here if go all the time. Food 5 starsAtmosphere 4 ( we were the only one there so it seems odd at first but we love it.)Service 5 (they're super nice)
5	The hot pot and shabu shabu here is great....we tried another place in henderson and I have to say I am pleased with this spot....Our server was great she was helpful with explaining to us about their dishes. We tried the seafood dish and it was awesome.....if your looking for a low key great Korean food place....This is the spot
2	I would give this place a 4 star rating for value and flavor. Everything else fromCleanliness, location, outside surroundings ambience etc almost wants me to knock it down to a 1.Originally we were headed to Lotus of Siam but they were closed. We tried the neighboring Korean restaurant and it was closed too. This rundown strip mall is riddled with Korean restaurants and this one happened to be the only one open on a Sunday afternoon. I honestly would never come to this type of strip mall under any circumstances but the lure of yelps promise was hard to resist. The parking lot was barren! Tumble weeds and a gang of pigeons hiding underneath a broke down van. I had to open up my yelp app just to make sure those 4 stars came from recent reviews. We walked in and it was like walking into one of those salons in a ghost town. Outdated, barren, empty, tables that have not been bussed and posters of food as the only decor. The two ladies that waited on us was very friendly and accommodating and is one of the biggest reasons I would like to give them more stars. We looked over the menu, the usuals I wanted was not there and there was no dish I could get for $10 which I thought would be pretty high for the way the establishment looked. I wanted to walk out but we were the only ones there and the girl was really nice. We ended up ordering an assortment of meats that we grill ourselves, good for two, comes with rice, drinks and the usual array of pickled sides $35.95. The grill and vent was clean. When she brought the plate of meat I was truly disturbed with the raw chicken and it's juices on the same plate as the thinly sliced steak. So if you go ask for your chicken on a separate plate. She helped us grill it and the flavors were different not as sweet as the other Korean restaurants I patron but still it was good and different in an interesting way. We were stuffed and she was still bringing us meat this is the most meat I have ever gotten at any Korean restaurant. Everything I needed more of they brought over promptly, without extra charge and without and attitude. This is a big deal for me because in other Korean restaurants they usually don't follow up on you, they have reservations about giving you extra of their sides and one I actually got into an argument for a to go box. These ladies checked on us frequently and brought us everything we needed another reason I wish I could give them a better score. In the end our total was $38.95 which  I think was pretty damn good for all that food. I was certain despite all the negatives I would rate this place 3 stars but midway through this review we both experienced an onslaught of mild stomach agitation and when my boyfriend came out of the restroom his first words were drop it to two stars so yea.
1	We came here after reading the reviews on yelp. We were seated at a table that still had sauce and bits of food on the table. We were then reseated to another table that also had sauce on the table. All the other tables looked worse. Not speaking for their food but their cleanliness. Gross. Obviously we left since there were no clean tables.
3	Decided to enjoy K-BBQ as my 1st meal in Sin City and chose the "Choice combo." also added the Grilled sole.  The food was okay. I've had way better in LA's K town.  The server, I'm thinking she was the co-owner, was super friendly and nice.
4	I came here with some coworkers, one of whom has a Korean wife, so he did the "ordering" for us.   We had a bbq beef hot pot and it was delicious.  The beef and broth were rich and well seasoned as were the assortment of accouterments (kimchi, pickled green beans etc...)I'll admit I didn't exactly know 90% of what I was eating, but it was all delicious and I thankfully love trying new food. The interior ambiance isn't anything to write home, but they know what they are doing in the kitchen and are very affordably priced.  They also had no problem splitting our check on three credit cards. Yum!
4	Myung Sung is located in the "old Korea-town" area of Las Vegas in a plaza FULL of Korean restaurants and businesses . . . It is worth seeking out.The grilled mackerel was very good. If you've ever had Korean mackerel you know it has a strong "fish smell," so don't be alarmed when you can smell it 5 minutes before it comes out.  ;)  It was well seasoned - not too heavy on the salt and was tender with just a touch of chewiness.The kalbi was tender and flavorful. I wish there had been more though... The samgyalpsal was SUPER GOOD! It was tabletop grilled, of course.  The banchan was limited as compared to some other Vegas Korean places, but it was ALL GOOD. I'd rather have 4-6 tasty banchan than 8-10 meh banchan any day of the week. And they were not shy about refiling any one of them.The decor is a little "outdated" but pretty typical. Not that I care so much because I spent most of my time head down stuffing my face.
