5	I'm so glad that I found Kim's Tailoring.  I had to get a tuxedo altered & she did a wonderful job.  I didn't take her advice on a suggestion she had so I had to bring it back after trying it on for my wife, but Kim was able to do the rest of the work in only 2 days.  She was very pleasant and the prices were reasonable.  Thanks Kim!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this place.  Anything I ever need altered again, I will bring here.  I brought her a dress that is super cheaply made from a stretchy fabric.  Even though it's cheaply made, I love it because of the flattering fit and pretty fabric design.  Not long after I bought it, the elastic that holds the bodice together (& which allows the dress to taper at the waist) started to unravel.  So it stayed in my closet for 1.5 years while I looked at it longingly, wishing I could wear it but not risking further deterioration of the dress.  All I could find were crappy dry cleaning places who said they did alternations too.  I didn't trust them.  Finally I found Kim's Tailoring and she was leery, telling me that the fabric was colored AFTER it was sewed and so if she made repairs, the elastic she would need to use would show up rather obviously.  I asked her to do it anyway because the alternative was to get rid of the dress.  She also told me that the fabric of the dress, being synthetic and not woven, was prone to tears and was very difficult to sew especially as a repair. Still, I told her to go ahead.  She said okay but no guarantees.  I was SO HAPPY when I picked the dress up.  It looked fantastic, and not only did she repair it, she reinforced the whole bodice and waist.  The best money I ever spent.  She's my tailor/seamstress FROM NOW ON!!!
1	I went there with my own fabric, asking her to make some curtains for my girls' room. The Dimensions were small 2 windows at 20 in X 20 in, and 3 at 16 in X 16 in. She quoted me at $500. Ha ha ha good one! That's crazy! I don't care how good she is, that's ludicrous! I found someone on Craigslist who did same work for $60.
5	I had bought a casual dress a while back where the length was perfect, but the bust didn't fit. I didn't want to return the dress to the store because I loved the colors, style and length. So for the first time, I sought out a tailor. I decided to give Kim's Tailoring a try since I knew the shop had been there a number of years. When I walked in, it looked as I had expected, with a front counter, dressing room and rows of clothing items. Kim was friendly and knowledgeable in answering my questions, so I felt comfortable leaving my dress with her. She gave me a one week finish date and she was right on time. Best of all, my dress fit perfectly!
