5	I absolutely love computer deli.  While one may be disappointed by the name, which for me, gave the false hope of a computer repair/sandwich shop in one, they are amazing laptop repairing, straight-talking, friendly experts on all of your computing needs.  My trusty laptop began its slow hard drive dance of death and I was inordinately grateful that they gave me advice, thoughtful responses, and constant updates as to the status of my computer.  They saved all my data, they kept me laughing, and they are just freaking good people.If you have a computer problem, go to them.  You won't regret it.  Although I did have to go get a deli sandwich afterwards.  Damned store name kept getting me hungry.
5	I LOVED Computer Deli. My laptop has always had sporadic issues, and no one else could really give me much help in fixing them. I liked that I could bring in my computer right away, and they only needed to keep it for the weekend. When they intitially called me back and said they were having trouble replicating the problems I was having, they said they would keep trying and soon found multiple issues and promptly repaired them. Not only did they fix the problems, but they also cleaned up my computer and found 14GB worth of space to free up! All this for only $85 (which was much better than what Dell could offer me and a lot of other places in town). I would definitely recommend Computer Deli for all your issues!!
5	I have been going to Computer Deli for years, and have rarely been disappointed. The staff are very helpful, but don't bullshit you if they don't know the answer to your question. This is fairly rare, though. They have a pretty good selection of parts and accessories like peripherals and routers, and (if I'm not mistaken)  they will even build a computer for you. The staff is pretty knowledgeable and helpful. I like the low-key environment, too. No pressure to buy a better product or upgrade.
5	These guys are my heroes. I have a small business and when my computers have an issue, I always turn to these guys. They are fast and they get the job done. I see that some other reviewers note them as expensive; it hurts to have to pay for stuff, I get it, but to me it's worth every penny. But they won't stop until it's fixed right and they back up their work. You can't get a guarantee from your neighbor's 12 yo computer whiz kid who "thinks" he can fix your problem.
5	Appears to be out of business. Different store in that location and phone is disconnected. Unfortunate. They were outstanding.
