5	I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, "Barbary Coast?!? Why not just play downtown?" Well, for one thing Barb's cleaner then downtown. Also you don't need to take a cab to get there (obviously assuming you're staying on the strip and let's be honest if you're a yelper you're staying on the strip). Additionally the "charm" sorta grows on you and the games are more than fair (5x craps, NSUD, and two deck bj w/o the completely sucka' 6:5). Above all though it comes down to the drinks. They do give you beers in tiny cups but the place is small and there are lots of cocktail waitresses. Play at the tables and you're going to get drinks. Play at dollar machines and you're going to get drinks. Hell, one time I actually had to turn away waitresses while I was at a nickel machine! They're egalitarian about their alcohol service. So let's all just hope that Harrah's doesn't buy them up, tear them down, and turn it into another completely lame strip casino w/o the class, the games, or the drinks - because then we really would have to take a cab downtown...
4	This is a dive casino, if there is such thing. Good thing, since every time you are gambling you might not want to be glitzy and glamy. In any case, the tables here are fine and the drinks are free like every where else... BONUS: its on the most important cross-streets in Las Vegas; Flamingo and Las Vegas BLVD.
4	Great casino and a great place to stay unless you need a pool. Rooms are spacious,2 king beds and absolutely dead quiet eventhough the heart of the Strip is right outside your window.  Lots of hardcore gamblers make this their headquarters.
4	The Coast with the Most!Las Vegas pretty much blows, as its just an arms race to see who can make the biggest energy-wasting eyesore.  However, the "Victorian Room" cafe and restaurant at the back  end of the Barbary Coast (next to the glass souvenir case and magazine rack) serves a delicious cheap meal, perfect for down-on-their-luck not-sure-if-i'm-dehydrated-or-hungry-or-just-drunk folks.  Two bucks for all drinks, although they serve imbibables in little plastic dixie cups.  And it's pretty hard to pretend to be a high roller, considering that is the same kinda cup you use to gargle at the dentist's office.  But the special meal deals that kick in between 11pm and 7am are a great find.  $3 for pancakes, bacon and toast.  $7 for a delicious steak, 2 eggs, hashbrowns and toast.  $13 for a prime rib that is, according to a friend, better than a Ruth's Chris.  A highlight for a city of fakes, this place is true.  What "stays in Vegas" is actually your money.
5	I can't attest to anything but the fabulous-ness of the casino here.  I didn't stay here...we were at The Mirage (just down the Strip).  But, please, I loved this place.  My friend loved it even more, as she won $160 at the $5 blackjack table.  It was her first time playing.  I couldn't believe it!  As bitter as I was (just kidding, I was happy for her, really I was), I enjoyed myself too.  This place strikes the balance between ridiculous "see and be seen" casinos and creepy, dirty places that make you feel violated. The dealers were so friendly and helpful.  They have $5 blackjack tables all night long. The bartender was a total sweetheart and the cocktail waitresses were seriously attentive.  The free drinks were a great conciliation prize for my money-losin' ass!  The best part of our Barbary Coast experience, however; was the awesomely cheesey 80s cover band that played from about 1:30 - 2:30 am!  They helped me rally for another 2+ hours of Vegas debauchery. I was sad that they only played for one hour, especially because they busted out more than one Pat Benetar song .  This place made my hazy, over-the-top Vegas experience that much better!
3	Great place to gamble.  Good location.  But wierd vibe sometimes :-(
3	If you knew all the places I gambled, you'd wonder why I would occasionally play here. Is it the downtown minimums on the strip? Is it the fact that alcohol flows freely compared to other strip casinos? Nope, it's neither. One word Dre's. And not only when I'm going there. If you are smart, and I obviously am smarter than the average bear, you can find a strategic table along the main route to Dre's. Once here, you will not be able to concentrate on your cards. I have two kings? Hold on, let me think about this... as my entire head as well as the rest of the table turns on cue...
4	i like this place a lot. it reminds of king's island in ohio if that means anything to anyone. the location and rooms are perfect for the price. and the casino is cheap and easy. the free drinks floweth and you never feel scowled at when returning to your room at 5am, drunk and penniless.
3	Looks like the casino isn't the best, but I'm writing this mainly about the restaurant, the Victoria Room (I think). They have an all day special of Prime Rib or Top Sirloin, cup of soup or a salad, baked potato, and dinner roll all for $13.95. Tasted great and was really fast! If you're in town for a few hours, check it out!
2	I hate this place. Their oxygen is way less strong than lots of the casinos that are just next door. The other day I was playing Pai Gow poker and I couldn't even make it past 8am! I was practically passing out during my comped breakfast at that awful mess of squishy leather booths they call a restaurant.  Get with the program, guys. The Orleans knows how to do it - next time you light a cigarette, notice how strongly the match burns.  They've got that shit turned up to LUDICROUS.  Leave the ether at home and skip the Barbary Coast - oxygen is where it's at.
5	At 3.00 am my friend is playing craps and of course, betting against himself. People don't appreciate this technique, I however, find it wonderful. So as he keeps rolling and betting against himself and winning and laughing and other people are laughing and angry because he is a crazy drunk, Morgan isn't paying a lot of attention to a whole lot else. Luckily enough, he apparently has the cocktail waitress set to 'fill 'er up' as she keeps coming around with Crown 'n Cokes and happily putting them in his hand. This behavior continues until the point at which Morgan has 3 Crown 'n Cokes stockpiled under the table with another one in his hand. He drank them all, we lost all our money, but had a glorious time of it. Fun spot.
5	Shortest review ever:Based on the fact that a GINORMOUS man known as Fat Elvis plays the lounge 5 nights a week, this place gets 5 stars.There are Elvis impersonators and then there are I Ate Elvis impersonators.  This is just some awesome, free fun.
5	Come on man, Drais is here!They have a FREE shuttle that takes you over to their sister casino, Gold Coast. Although you may not want to go to Gold Coast, it is beside the Rio and across from the Palms. Saves on taxi fare and you don't have to stay at Barbary Coast or Gold Coast to hop on that shuttle.
4	I dig this place.Perfect location right in the middle of the strip. Least amount of walking from your room to gambling.Friendly staff (always willing to help, quick and strong with the drinks, talkative dealers)Clean rooms with flat screens.  Cheap.Fat Elvis.Sure, it's no mega resort.  Sure the gambling floor is small and the restaurants aren't the best.  But, it's one of the hidden gems of the strip that will surely be gone in a few years.  Enjoy it while you can.
4	I was going to write this review under Bill's Gambling Hall but no one seems to be calling Barbary Coast under it's new name. It's still Barbary Coast according to the taxi drivers. And if I wanted to get where I was going, I had to inform the taxi drivers that I was staying at Barbary Coast.Best location at best price ever. C'mon $80 bucks a night. Who are you kidding? Why would you stay anywhere else for center strip views and proximity? My room had views of Paris and the Bellagio fountains. It was equipped with a mounted flat screen tv (see pic). The room was huge and clean. The bathroom had its own full sized ironing board with iron. I had tons of space. I am so happy I chose Barbary Coast over some of the other economy hotels. Security and Front Desk service is great also.I've been told that the prime rib is bomb at Barbary Coast. Heard good things about Drai's also. Seems like everyone likes the Barbary Coast.
5	This will *always* be the Barbary Coast to me. The dealers were all young and friendly. I loved the intimate feel of the casino. And it's a little "old Vegas" right on the Strip.
3	It's sort of an old looking casino.  I did not know they even had rooms.  It doesn't look so pretty from outside, but if you are on a budget, I'd say go for it.The location's great.  Next to Bally's, Paris and across the street from Caesars.The casino is smaller.Lower limits compared to other casinos on the strip so always very lively and packed.  Very packed.
4	I stayed here with my Dad for one night to go see a concert at Mandalay Bay. The place was pretty funky and we both got a kick out of it. The room we got was small and basic but we had one of the best views of the strip on Las Vegas Blvd.We went to get a meal down on the casino floor.  We ended up walking out without buying anything because it was extremely overpriced and from what we saw on other peoples tables, It was not worth it.
