5	I'm so thankful to have a great pizza restaurant in my new neighborhood!!  Pizza is one of my favorite foods but I'm pretty particular.  I love NY style and this place does NY style really well.  It's almost as good as Ray's on the 101 and Frank Lloyd Wright.  But I live near Uncle Tony's now and just have to say again I'm sooooo happy to have a good pizza restaurant close to home!!!!  Oh and there is a nice patio for outdoor dining when the weather warms up.  Can't wait!
5	Just had Uncle Tony's for the first time & we love it!! Fantastic pizza! The sauce is delicious-great Italian flavor. The crust is the great combination of a little chewy yet crisp.  The veggies are fresh. Super friendly guys too. So happy to have a great new restaurant in our neighborhood!
5	I am so glad to have a good mom and pop pizza joint in the neighborhood!! The food is excellent, prices are great, and really nice people. I hope the place does well and sticks around for years to come. They will certainly be getting all my pizza night money from now on!
5	Good pizza, great wings and great customer service. Definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	Great service and very good Pizza!
2	I had a slice of the cheese and a slice of cheese with pepperoni on top. Nothing special. No special or unique flavors, just ok pizza slices and not good enough to require a return visit.
5	Friendly service, fair prices, and amazing authentic NY style pizza. Definitely will return, especially for catering parties.
4	Very comfortable atmosphere and really nice staff.  I only hope this place can survive through the light rail construction.  Four stars
5	Friendly staff and excellent food.  Very clean and great atmosphere!
4	I hate ordering from the big pizza chains, but in this neighborhood it was the only option.  I saw Uncle Tony's was moving in and got excited.The pizzas are good even the fancy white spinach pizzas.  The wings are extremely good.  I love the sandwiches. I order the Steak special sandwich regularly.  Call in orders are always ready fast, routinely ready 10 minutes after I have called in.To comment on 'Chad M's" rating the slices do look a little sketchy who knows how long then have been half baked and I have never tried it.  Get a full pie if you can you wont be disappointed.If you are brave enough to weave around the light rail construction traffic cones stop in and give them a try.
5	It's the best NY-style pizza outside of Brooklyn.  Susan and I had a crisp, thin-crust pie with sausage & mushrooms.  Mmmm.  Washed down with ice-cold draft bear.  Double-mmmm.  And they need all the help they can get during construction of the light rail extension along 19th Avenue at Northern Avenue.  This place is just one reason that we love our neighborhood --hell, we've lived in the same house for 34 years.  The light rail stop on the corner will only make it better.  (Check out the picture of the pizza.)
1	Bad service and rude employees don't make up for pizza that's only ok. Me and my GF decided to try this place out so we walked in and the employees that were working didn't say hi, or even smile just looked at us with contempt for being there. So after they rushed us to order we paid and waited. The food came out slow considering we were the only ones there. I'm never going back.
4	We were in the mood for a Chicago style deep dish, and Uncle Tony's is nearby. We ordered the Sicilian XL Uncle Tony's special for only 20 bucks. The pizza was fantastic and fed 4 hungry adults with leftovers! A tasty bargain!
4	I love this place. It is such great pizza. However- Yelp says they deliver, and they in fact do not. You should definitely stop by though!
1	After an hour wait time, after being told to expect 35 minutes for delivery, and extremely awkward man handed me my pizza and wings while a 2nd employee (I assume his trainer) watched. I paid via card and asked if they needed to see the card or have me sign anything. The awkward man muttered something about it already being paid for and shuffled off. I was unable to tip the man as I did not have cash and they didn't have a method for me to tip on the card.I brought the plain brown pizza box inside and opened it up, expecting to an extra large Buffalo Chicken Pizza (the size seemed a bit small, 15" for those looking for hard numbers, I measured).Buffalo Chicken Pizzas are a thing that a couple pizza places will do, but this was by far the worst I've ever had.I'm not sure where the Buffalo part was supposed to come in, but this was a thin, dry, pizza with meager amounts of cheese and large chunks of chicken. The pizza itself had no flavour until I bit into a piece of chicken, at which point I spit it out what tasted like a brick of black pepper.I attempted to move on to the garlic parmesan wings, but after a single wing, I felt as if I had enough salt and sodium to last me a week.The pizza sits on my table as I write this, with two bites out of it, atop it, the box of 9 uneaten wings, and there they will stay until I throw it away tomorrow.Time to call *sigh* pizza hut.
1	Worst pizza, bacon, service, and prices I have ever seen. New York prices for a trashy product. I have had shady mechanics treat me better. Pure garbage!
1	So I just opened a Yelp account because of how bad this pizza was this past Sunday. Some buddies and I were enjoying football this past Sunday and decided to try this place out since it is close. We asked if they had any specials and they lied to up sell us the two large and 20 wings for an exuberant amount of green. We got there and I wondered why there were zero cars there and nobody inside besides the grease ball owner. We then saw the cheaper specials listed EVERYWHERE. Of course all would be forgiven had the bacon pizza beat our expectations.... The bacon was of very low quality and very fatty. The pepperoni was undercooked on the other pizza. The cheese was somewhat tasteless as was the sauce and the crust had no flavor whatsoever was partially burnt and they clearly used no olive oil. Basically they went in with no lube and didn't even give me a courtesy reach around.
5	We live in the neighborhood about 3 years now. There are some absolutely great mom and pop places near the corner of 19th Ave and Northern. But alas there was no bar, no pizza, and sadly no place to go an watch a game. Now there is Uncle Tony's!!!  We been frequenting the place since opening week. For the people interested in the short review it is the best pizza around, beats the local chains that include Streets of NY, Pizza Hut and Papa Johns. They have really good deli sandwiches, our favorite is there Pastrami. as well as full Italian dinners. The food is really good the location is pretty standard, they have beer and games on the TV's, it was a pizza restaurant in a former incarnation. The food gets 5 stars and the place gets 4, I am gonna lean toward 5 stars for the Review.A comment to the folks that gave this place only 1 star... Are you sure you didn't walk in to Pizza Hut? The Subway is right next door, did your buddy switch sandwiches on you? Really so wonderful to be able to get a hot sandwich or a hoagie from right across the street that is this good. MOM & POP shops can have an off day now and again, so far we have not experienced that here.They have a lunch special that is 2 slices and a soda for $4.50, or any sandwich and a soda for $5.99. We have had at least 3 different ones all hot and very tasty. The Pastrami, the Beef & Cheese, and the Philly style Beef, Mushroom, Cheese. We have been very happy with the NY Style thin crust pizza. The other special that is worth crowing about is the large pizza and 20 wings any style... Mild Medium, Hot, BBQ ... maybe more all for $20 dollars. That is a value!The menu includes other items that include Calzones, Salads, Appetizers and more... They have a web site, the current special is for Bus Pass holders, One slice and a soda for $1.75 check it out at www.uncletonysnypizza.com
4	Family owned and operated. The staff is super friendly and welcoming. Awesome pizza! Stick with the specials for the best prices. And the wings are delicious.
1	I been coming to this place for awhile now and uncle tony was angry when I told him my zucchini ' s were burnt and then when my pizza comes out I come to find that he didn't feel the need to cook my mushrooms like he normally does.... definitely my last time here...
4	Solid local independent pizza place. They are generally friendly but a little abrupt at times. I've eaten there plenty of times and I've always been satisfied with the product. The prices are fair for the quality of the ingredients. I've never been disappointed except when Tony wasn't cooking the pizza recently.
5	Driving by saw this place decided to stop in, the owner was very friendly and helpful, even gave me a small history lesson on Italy. I had the steak and mushroom with cheese sandwich, it was very good, I will be here again.
5	The thin crust pizza is on point. And Tony has that New York attitude that makes the pizza better. Get the 20 dollar special. xl pizza and 20 wings for 20 bucks. Support local business
5	I am from NY and its not so easy to find good neighborhood Italian food on the west coast especially AZ. Uncle Tony is fom Brooklyn and the eggplant dinner is REALLY GOOD and I am kind of an eggplant freak. I go all the time now and I even ask him to make the side dish of pasta fresh and cook it for 13 MIN and he is accomodating. Its very comfortable and casual dining and  very affordable at only $9.75 for the eggplant dinner which comes with a salad, side of pasta and italian bread if you dine in. I used to live around the corner but recently moved 12 mi away yet i still find myself driving to Tonys for the eggplant. ;) Good stuff!
