4	I've been around the proverbial gay bar block, so to speak, so my expectations are pretty high. However, tonight proved to be a good time here. It's a very relaxed atmosphere with excellent drink specials and fun, friendly people to small talk with.Calm, supportive, flirty and fun..Plazma is a good bar to be yourself.
3	Decent. Low key. Minimal attitude from patrons and staff.
2	The staff is very unfriendly here unless you like getting barked at like a dog.  Saturdays are fun for the strippers, but the staff will take your drinks before your finished.  The staff need some serious training on customer service.
3	"Sometimes you wanna go where everybody..." is as sad as you are? Truly, there's something sad about this place. If you wanna go somewhere to escape, keep moving. If you wanna have a good time with friends without the crowds or noise this fits the bill.Still, I recently had a good experience here with my cousins. We were all coming out to each other as Atheists, after a longtime of unbelief and an even longer time of Mormonism.We each sang 4 songs with karaoke, and it was just plain awesome. Of course my cousins have amazing voices, so even though that really made me look bad it was so good to spend time with them in a judgement-free atmosphere.RECOMMENDATIONS: Go for karaoke, not for the stripper night (that attracts all sorts of creepy and shady characters.)
5	Plazma Rocks! Best place in CenPho to grab a spot at the bar, patio, or table. I say that cause there is always room. It's a shame the place is rarely packed, because this very cool neighborhood bar has a lot going for it.Great bartenders! A supper friendly owner, and the best drink prices north of Van Buren. There is always a drink special and lots to look at with all the TV's and music Videos, a few old school Pinball machines, darts, a big stage and a pool table.I like going for some of the drag shows, this is the type of place with newbies and the old standards like Celia, Miss Ebony, and Phedra.I think ther is karaoke a few times a week and strippers on Saturday nights, I have to get back for that. On my last visit we were shocked because even though the parking lot was empty there was a fun lively crowd inside. We found out that alot of people walk over from around the hood, and from the huge uber-gay apartment complex next door.I dont live close enough to walk and I dont drink and drive so I dont get in as often as I would like to, but the last time I was there was 5 Stars! Thanks guys for making me feel welcome.jv
4	One day we were really bored and wanted to try a new gay bar for an afternoon drink.  This place was close to another favorite bar of ours, so we figured we'd give it a try.We walked in and Jakob, the bartender, was very friendly.  He instantly remembered our names.  He also makes the best margaritas.We have returned a few times since then, but Jakob only works weekends.  The crowd is friendly and the drinks are strong.Overall, this is a great neighborhood unpretentious bar.
5	Had such a great time here. Plazma has a dive bar feel (as least when I went). Cocktails were cheap and strong. The bartender was so nice and friendly and worked his butt off all night - he did a great job.I like the little outdoor seating area, and there's a good amount of parking. Overall, very chill, very nice.
5	I've been going to plasma for a few years now met some amazing friends. This place is really awesome! It really is the gay Cheers!
