5	edc 2011:Wat can i say but Wow! over 250000 ppl over 3daysMiddle of the desert , Crazy heat during day. But at night, Vegas and edc come alive!! Amazing festival. About 100 times better than LA. Everyone was Straight chill. Everyone was Nice, Believe it or not, even las Vegas metro pd!! Of course there was the issue of drugs And ppl getting too Fukdup. But its a rave, Wat u expect?The festival grounds were done up perfectly!There was a shitload of walking to go here n there But well worth the walks 2c the following:1 the tesla coils2 the different stages3 the carnival rides 4 all the beautiful ppl5 the fireworks show By the circuit grounds stage6 the walk-thru LED light show 7 the kinetic field stage8 the funhouse 9 the view from the bleachers By the exit 10 the beautiful sunrise every morning from the bleachers!11 free water stand12 the discoparty! 13 the cooling tent 14 the cosmic meadow to chill on the grass 15 the Do Lab pagoda! 16 the rabbithole! 17 the I & I reggae truck 18 the circuit grounds area/stage 19 the super cute drug sniffing doggie! 20 the bass pod stage for destruction beats!! And since its in Vegas, #21 its in Vegas!!!!!!!! U better go next year !
5	BEST. EXPERIENCE. EVER. I was pumped before even setting foot inside the speedway. Amazing art, fire, light shows, pyrotechnics, rides and MUSIC. There were 5 stages, all with great light shows and sound systems. Surprisingly, the music was crystal clear even with hundreds of thousands of people cheering. I went on the 3rd night. Swedish House Mafia was worth the $ alone. The stage they performed on (Kinetic Field), was the largest electronic stage ever made. The DJ looked like an ant among tons of huge display screens. There were even great fireworks, skydivers, and EDC characters. Next year, I'm buying a 3-day ticket!
5	As close as most people will want to get to the mythical Burning Man experience..I think anyone who was there will agree that EDC 2011 is THE best Electronic Music Festival in the states.  Hands Down.  No contest.  -WeatherWe all had our reservations about the event being in Vegas heat, but the weather ended up being absolutely perfect for an event like this.  It was cool enough to be comfortable, but warm enough to be able to run around half-naked rocking tights or whatever ridiculous outfit you wanted to wear until the sun came up!  No post-rave freezing-VenueThe venue truly felt like a wonderland.  Once you stepped inside, it would be difficult to NOT be awed by the size and scope of the festival.  6 'stages' with a ton of art installations, rides, vendors, chill areas, food and drinks...almost everything you'd want in a true music festival.  Getting there the first night was a pain with the shuttles, but I hear they figured things out the next two days.  Driving there was a breeze with free parking and was 100x better than driving through LA traffic to the Coliseum and being forced to pay $25/day parking.-Stages Each stage was unique and gorgeous.  What I loved was that it never felt 'too crowded' like the Coliseum or most raves do.  I could always get around, and if you really felt claustrophobic, there were plenty of areas to relax, sit and listen to music (Cosmic Meadows was my favorite stage with all that grass :)  Only gripe is the Circuit Grounds where all my favorite trance DJs played was filled with dirt and pebbles..boo-CrowdSo chill.  So awesome.  A lot less underage kids running around being obnoxious and lots of beautiful people.  Less lights, but compared to everything else Insomniac did right, I will not complain.  Even the staff and security were relatively friendly and happy!-Amenities3 huge restroom areas (port-a-potties), 2 free water refill stations, tons of vendors (OMG Giant watermelon slices made me felt like a kid), air-conditioned areas, huge center camp playing disco music, and random things happening all over the place (are those giant floating fish?  A light up marching band?  Holy crap his bike looks like lasers!).  Insomniac really strove to make it an 'experience', not just a rave or concert.  -Price$180 for three days of partying til the sun comes up, compared to that price to probably party for one night in vegas.  Hotels are all over Vegas so housing was cheap.  I love LA, but Damn Vegas does it right!
3	*FRIDAY's EVENT ONLY*DJs: 5+!!!!!!  I love you TIESTO, Calvin Harris, Cosmic Gate, etc etc.RAVE: 4RIDES: 4ATMOSPHERE: 3ACCESSIBILITY: 2WEATHER (I know there's nothing anyone can do about this..): 2I am BIASED because I have been to ULTRA Music Festival in Miami... sooooo... I was not that impressed....First of all, parking and getting in the event was  PAIN!  Straight up BITCH ASS PAIN!  They need to come up with a better system to get people in.  I know sitting in traffic is part of the whole thing, but that's not what I'm complaining about.  Parking was probably the easiest part.  Getting INTO the stadium was a nightmare:We had to pick up will call tickets for a friend, so we asked someone that worked there to direct us.  He told us to talk up a hill and follow the path which will bring us to the other side to get the tickets.  Fine.  So we walk... then we're stopped by other workers who said we couldn't go this way.  We need to take a tram to get to the other side.  Fine.  So we waited.. and waited.. and waited.... The tram finally comes... but it sits probably 50 people at once (with people sitting on top of each other)  Keep in mind this event has over 180,000 attendees!  Imagine what a nightmare that was!  We didn't make the first trip.. so we waited some more.  We left the hotel (5 minutes away) at 9pm.. we didn't get in until 11:30pm!  Majority of that time was for the waiting after we parked out car.....Will call had no line.. so that was nice.  The line for the ID check and the pat-down was pretty easy.  Whatever.... we got in..  The stage they allotted for Tiesto was NOT BIG ENOUGH!  It's TIESTO, one of the best DJs in the world!  For about a good 15 minutes, we were at a dead stop because there was way too many people moving around.  We finally pushed through, and the rest was history!  TIESTO KILLED IT!!!  During his performance, he had fireworks that went on for about 45 minutes!!!!  It was absolutely EPIC!  Some of my other favorite DJs.. CALVIN HARRIS was amazing!!!  Subfocus... AMAZING!  I love their hard beats.. Cosmic Gate... eye-popping awesomeness!   I know it's a shocker that I gave it a 3 star.. but just the overall flow didn't fit right.  Everything was so segregated... the attractions weren't that great.  The rides were fun, but nothing crazy.  Not to mention, it was freaking HOT!  There was a slight breeze, but still.. HOT!  Free water refills!  Free parking!!  So that was great :)I heard they figured their shit out the next two days.. so I can't say much about that..
4	What I have to say is it was awesome!! I went on Saturday and Sunday with a group of my close homegirls and man oh man did we have a good time. I gave it 4 stars due to the terribly hot weather and the HUGE place. You're first time there will of course be super confusing but after a while you will get used to it, also they have booklets with maps and such for you to hold onto which is great. Drinks such as powerade, red bull, and water are almost at every corner of the stadium. They also have a stand for alcoholic drinks and of course draft beers. They also have food stands such as hot dogs burgers nachos corndogs etc. The best part is that since the heat is so crazy its great how they have fruit stands! pineapple, orange, apple, and best of all WATERMELON!! only 5$$ for a big slice also =) keke. as you can tell of course i grabbed a few slices my two days there.  As for the music THE BEST OF THE BEST djs are there, in the booklets will tell you at which stage and time the djs will be on live so you can walk over. ATB DASHBERLIN SKRILLEX MARCUS SKULTZ and etc totally killed of course!! **About the security when at the gate before you enter, please do not bring weed. They have dogs that will smell that right up and I'm telling you this because I had seen a guy got caught by these dogs.  They do not allow plush backpacks, I had mines ripped open to check for drugs but I'm sure others had theirs thrown away. Every security person is different when it comes to searching you. For water, you can buy their insomniac bottles online for only 10$$ which is a whole lot of better deal than buying these canteens there since it will be alot more expensive. Good thing they have water stations to fill up your water whenever you like. As for Restrooms** when I went they had to shut the restrooms down due to people trashing them so they had set up portables every where around the stadiums. It's worth it guys!! go!!! I warn you on wearing long clothing, you'll die of heat because it doesn't get cool until like 3-4AM there!! HAVE FUN!!
5	Ok. For all of you who is wondering if EDC in LAS VEGAS is better then when it was held in Los Angeles. In my opinion: HELL YES. It was well worth it. Like everything in this world nothing is perfect.  Quit being a spoiled beetch about everything and be thankful for the people who worked so hard throwing this event. Its not easy to manage an event this massive. Anyways. Here are the pros and cons to this years event:PROS: A lot of space for dancing. Love it. Las Vegas speedway is a huge place. Everything is pretty much open. You don't feel like you are shoulder to shoulder having a hard time trying to get through crowds just to get to the other side. Since it's an +18 event everyone's legal and no more under age kids to kill my high. YAY! awesome DJ lineup. Swedish house mafia killed it. Entrance and parking was a breeze for us. Because We made sure not to arrive when the event started. best thing I love about the event. Was that it was in Vegas. what better place to end the party with another party back at the hotel suite off the strip?? My point exactly. CONS:Is the dirt floor. Filled with rocks. Very hard to dance on. But you would only had to worry about this at the main stage. everything else was pretty much concrete.Restrooms. Their were plenty of Port-a-potties. But not a single bathroom open to the public to wash your hands at. The weather was a little warm. But not as hot as you would think it would be since it was Vegas. It was actually pretty nice as the night grew later. Oh and the bleachers were cut off from being use. So you don't really get that looking down at the crowd massive experience like you would when it was held at the Colosseum. But we can do without it. The walk to and from the car. But that's with every massive. But Overall. Best EDC I've experienced so far. Definitely will be a next year. Note: Any place is only as good as the company you are with and I was with some awesome people. Therefore I had an awesome time.
3	lights, music, rides. it was beauutiful! and alot of fun.... 3 things i didnt like:-the crowd. not as friendly as i thought everyone would be. The sluttier the girls dressed the meaner they were!!...i felt like they were just dressing the part. i think people just went for the hype of it all...I didnt get one bracelet from anyone!!!-i didnt like how the stages and everything was set up...it was confusing! even with the map...but then again i was fully there.-TRAFFIC!! boy o boy, both days i went it took sooooooo long to get out of there back to our hotel on the strip! almost 2 hours!!!...
5	WARNING = the review you are about to read has to be the longest review I have written yet.I can describe EDC Las Vegas 2011 in three words EASILY...BEST RAVE EVER!!  Never have experienced such love for the music and love for each other. Considering that there was over 85,000 people in attendance, the crowd was very cooperative with everything that was going on making the night fun and hate-free.=The DJS=Being a Hawaii boy, it is very rare that I get to see a lot of my favorite DJs play live. Ive always seen videos of past EDC events and who performed. The beginning of 2011 I made sure that I was definitely going to EDC 2011. Bought my 3 day pass the minute tickets were released. Once the line up for EDC came out, I literally cried. ATB, Above and Beyond, David Guetta, Afrojack, Mt. Eden, Tiesto, Wolfgang Gartner, Steve Aoki, Laidback Luke, Skrillex, Benny Benassi, and more were all going to be there! Where else was I going to see all my FAVORITE DJS OF ALL TIME in the same place in the same weekend?? NO WHERE ELSE, THATS WHERE!! There was no disappointment AT ALL by any of the djs that weekend. Literally loved every set!=The Crowd=With thousands of people around, MAJORITY of the people there were there to have fun and meet new and other exciting people. Im a kandi kid and I make TONS of kandi for massives. EDC is the only rave that I actually had to deny people from kandi because I either ran out to give or trade. The connection between everyone there was unexplainable. Its a PLUR thing I guess hahaha. To show how caring the crowd was, I literally saw a boy drop his wallet and didnt notice that he did so. No more then a second later, another boy picks up the wallet and runs after the boy to give it back to him. In a place like that, most people would just take the money and run. RIGHT ON KIDS!!=The Setting= Never been to the Coliseum in LA so I cant base my opinion on that. All I have to say is that the Vegas Motor Speed Way was the perfect place in Vegas to host a massive such as EDC. Given that the Speedway is much larger than the Coliseum, it provided everything to be in the same place making it a lot more accessible to everyone...AND THE AREO VIEW WAS INTENSE!! The stages were beyond compare decked out with lasers, lights, fire, and FIREWORKS. The artwork on display were sights to be seen. I really enjoyed the remote controlled fire sculpture TOO MUCH FUN. The firework show brought me to tear each night, the airplane  and blimp were neat, and the SKYDIVERS WERE OFF THE HOOK!! yes...I said SKYDIVERS!!=The Shuttle=There was a $60 shuttle that was good for 3 days to and from EDC. It was definitely worth it, except the 1st night. We waited in line for almost 2 hours just get on the shuttle to get to EDC and it gets worse. Going back to the hotel, we realized that EVERYONE was going back too and that EDC didnt book enough shuttles for everyone. There was a total of 7 lines with at least 300 people in each line and only 2 shuttle per line. We were in the Vegas morning sun from 5:30 till 8:15 am. I had never been so depressed and helpless in my life. Fortunately, it got better as the weekend went on. EDC got smart and booked more shuttles and everyone was happy (kinna). But thumbs up for keeping us safe and off the roads after a night of partying!=The EDC Staff=Never have I ever encountered so many PLUR staff members. There was not a bad bone in these peoples bodies! They were very kind and very helpful. EXAMPLE have you ever traded kandi with a security guard? I THINK NOT!=EDC Cares=EDC made it priority that everyone is SAFE. The security was top notch! Serious but not dicks (except when peoples lights got taken away...that sucked). EDC also had cooling rooms for people to go in and enjoy the cool air instead of the hot Vegas heat. Get this...FREE WATER STATION!! EDC made sure that their clients were fully hydrated and AOK! Right on INSOMNIAC!=LVPD=Let me be the first to say...I HATE COPS. But at EDC, I loved the Las Vegas Police Officers! Hows that right? I guess it was the shuttle incident that pushed it to love. Because there were so many people waiting for the shuttles for so long and police needed everyone out, Insomniac called a shit load of taxis to pick people up BUT they were charging full price. HELL TO THE NO. The police officers understood and tried hard to get us our shuttles and made sure everything was under control. A cop even yelled at a taxi driver to shut up because the taxi driver was giving some ravers grief...how cool is that! To prove my point further...just look up some EDC pics. Youre bound to find pictures of ravers and cops together hahaha. Thank you LVPD!It was a great experience! Everyone was dressed up and having an amazing time. If youre a raver, you need to experience EDC at least once. I will definitely be back next year if funds allow. Till then...lets keep the PEACE LOVE UNITY and RESPECT  going on all year round.
3	I really am not sure exactly how I feel about this years EDC... I know this review is coming a bit late, but here it is...Venue - LOVED how spacious it was. Really took away from my fear of being trampled over with so many people there. They had some serious flaws though. The dirt being kicked up and inhaled hurt my lungs for days after. It was a little confusing...but maybe that was just me =] I love the cool off stations though. Music - AWESOME visuals but duuh its EDCCrowd - DEFINITLY not as great as here in LA... people didn't really seem to be friendly or cool. I've never been to a rave with so many douche's...whatever. ehh i wish it was back in LA
4	Let me just start off by saying there is nothing that will come close to edc in LA. EDC is the type of event i think everyone should experience at least once in their lives. My first Electric Daisy was last year at the Coluseum (no not my first one I have been attending these "festivals" for a couple of years) and since then I have pretty much planned my year around it! Yes its that amazing!!!  This year I was able to get the three day pass this year which was definitely. The lineup was great although I was most impressed by a little dj named SKRILLEX!!! He completely blew the whole festival away with a crowd even bigger than other names like Guetta and Tiesto. He will definetly be needing a bigger stage in the future! ATB also put on a fantastic set on the last day, Sunday. As far as parking lines etc... its a music festival people if you want to avoid the hassle stop complaining and go VIP! The entire setup this year was way better than last because of the size of the venue. There was no problems  at all getting to the stages unlike last year...  The reason I wont give this event 5 stars is because of the horrible vibes. People were rude and not friendly at all! Every festival I have attended in California has delivered a very open friendly family-like atmosphere UNLIKE Vegas I really hope we see another Electric Daisy LA in the near future ... until then VEGAS it is!
5	Go GO GOOOOO you may be like hmmm a rave ? sounds scary and intense...All i can say is if its your first time take some cool people ...brings lots of money and just enjoy yourself.You will feel alive again.
5	As others have said: just go. It will probably be life-changing. It's huge, loud, packed, amazing music and energy. I was sick this year when I went, but still danced my socks off and considered it an epic time. The one annoying thing was I was asked by a handful of people if I had X which in retrospect is unsurprising for a massive rave.
5	First off, I really have to note how much I appreciated the staff this year! Being a new Mom, I was still weaning off breast feeding my son! Not one staff member made me feel awkward or dumb for being there at all when I had to explain my breast pump! One lady even complimented me for breast feeding! Thank you Insomniac for hiring such nice people! Okay, so if you haven't been to a massive, go to EDC! So beautiful, inspiring, & fun! I myself am a bit over the larger crowds its attracted in the past two years alone, however, the Speedway is the perfect new home for this amazing event! Plus... Insomniac doesn't allow P-Tots in anymore! Yay! No more tweens running around in their panties! I am so glad to be away from L.A. too... its so gross & scary! Who wants to worry about there car getting broken into or stolen while they party? Free parking from here on out! Yay!
5	I'm a little late to the review party but 250k people attended and 15 reviews? C'mon!!Comeup: Too many DJs to count. Mainstream to mnml. Cops are chill. Crowd is generally friendly. Security doesn't try to extort me for my gloves. Vegas baby Vegas!Peaking: Complete and utter brain fuck of all senses. Aural, visual, and tactile overload rampage insano ridiculous times. Hearing colors and seeing sounds. Too many green men to count. Vibe awesome, chill. Swirling vortex of human like creatures pulsating. Skydivers with firecrackers raining from the sky. I am a zombie and my impossible mission is to consume as much music and mayhem possible.Comedown: Parking and traffic. Take the bus back and you'll be stuck with your buns roasting in the desert sun. Or you can do what I did and save a bunch of time on your transportation by having your friend win alot of money in Vegas and taking the heli back.Never been to EDC LA so I came with no expectations. Maybe it turned out to be better that way. Kinda far from Vegas but better than being stuck in traffic for four hours i.e. going to Escape to Wonderland. And why am I writing this review now? Tix for next year locked and loaded :)
5	This is the ultimate raver pilgrimage. This year is going to be my 5th EDC, so I know how it originally was in LA, but the move to Vegas truly made this event even more epic. The set-up of the stages and rides were awesome. Love every single PLUR person that I came into contact with over those 3 days. You must experience all 3 days and don't trip over the shake down to get in, just make sure to hide things really well. Best line up ever last year, hopefully this year will be even more epic *cough cough* Armin and Daft Punk. Epic Shenanigans
1	my son bought tickets for this with my credirt card illegally- underage without my permission and the promotion company will not refund me- RIPOFF!!!
1	biggest bust ever waste of money, sat everyone was kicked out at 1am! 7 hr drive to vegas on friday, 2 hr drive to edc from the trump north vegas! 1 hr wait to get into edc, no cell phone reception. text messages received 15 minutes after sending! impossible to meet up people! windy! unfriendly people! absolutely biggest bust ever! i drove to edc but i heard 2-3 hr wait for cabs, but i talked to cab drivers, "we don't want to pick up people from edc because they are young, f'd up, throwing up, broke, and dont know how to  tip!" shuttles picked up people from edc and dropped them off in downtown vegas and long line from there to go to their hotels on the strip! airport people waiting for hrs for cab to hotel! just horrible!!!!!!!!!!
5	I love electronica but have never really been a house/dubstep kind of guy. My friends told me how great this festival was so I thought I'd give it a shot. Was not disappointed.VIP passes were clutch. The check in lines for GA seemed endless; luckily VIP cut down our entry by an hour if not a lot more. The little lounge areas you could crash in were also very clutch. But the number one benefit were the upgraded toilets with much much shorter lines.But it's really about the music. Great variety of artists from Little Boots to Afrojack. I was surprised how you could have so many stages without any of the music bleeding in to each other. They did a fantastic job with that.The rides were also fantastic. I only had a chance to go on a few--I could have spent much more time doing that if I wasn't so in to the music and hanging with my friends.Give yourself time if you're going to drive--it is a haul for sure both ways. Took us two hours to get home on day one leaving at 5am.
1	Fail of an event. You guys promised us that the bleachers were going to be opened up for main stage, you did not deliver. You guys promised that shuttle service and everything will be smoother, you failed. Traffic actually took longer than last year's. Also time slots? What's up with giving great DJs like Sander van Doorn 30 minute time slots? Stop spending so much money on production and focus it around on logistics and talent.
5	EDC Vegas is an experience of a lifetime.  If you love anything House, Trance, Dub-Step, or electonica you owe it yourself to get high with your senses and just let the music take you to an epic journey...or if you're just a raving mad raver this is your mecca so take pilgrimage and pray to the gods of DJs.If you're a single guy, beware, there's enough scantily clad, almost naked women, here to blow your glow-stick.  Yeah there's a lot of candy-poppin' but everyone here is extremely friendly and just in general enjoying the good vibe and the euphoric feeling they're getting from the music or whatever it is they're swinging their glow-sticks at.INSOMNIAC, certainly impressed with this fine production.
1	This review is for the 2012 Electric Daisy Carnival at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway.  They should have called it the Electric Daisy Clusterfuck.  Nothing good can come out of 200,000+ people on drugs trying to figure anything out.  Here are a list of the pros and cons of the event:PROS:There were a lot of cool things to look at, including parades, rides, lights, and art installations.Despite huge crouds, I did not personally witness any violence or riot behavior.People were pretty chilllCONS:Traffic was a huge clusterfuck.  It took us 2 hours to drive the 20 miles to the venue on Friday, and 3 hours on Saturday.  LInes to get in were also long and out of control.  We were sent to three different lines from staff when they told us to "go to the next gate, there is no line".  On the way, other ravers were walking toward us, claiming they were told the same thing.  There was clearly no communication between staff members.Hope you're not a fan of toilet paper or washing your hands after using a tiolet shared with tens of thousands of people.  The sanitation conditions are horrific.  Not a single event staff member knew where water stations, bathrooms, lockers, first aid, or parking lots were located.  After each time we asked a staff member a question (like, which way to Lot 9?  Where are the lockers?  Where is the nearest water refill station?) we were met with an apathetic, "I don't know..."Las Vegas PD clearly turned a blind eye to those who were endangering themselves and others- While stuck in traffic on the way to the LVMS, I saw TWO trucks with passengers riding in the bed of the truck drinking.  These people were not pulled over by police, which made me nervous as to what else was going on in plain sight.  I'm not stupid, I know that people go to these events to party and do drugs, but it scares me to think that there are people blatantly endangering themselves and others and no one is doind anything about it. The fact that the event was shut down at 1 am on Saturday didn't contribute to this shitty one star reivew- it is because of the obvious greed exhibited by Insomniac and Pasqual Rotella to oversell a venue to almost 300.000 people promising that it will be a safe experience.  I feel like they took our money and then said, "Thanks, and fuck you" since it was clear that there was no training what so ever for event staff, nor did they seem like they cared at all about any of us.  Personally, I will NEVER attend another Insomniac event.  Someone was injured Sunday night in an accident which is unforutnate, but I am glad (and surprised) that there were no deaths this year.  Fuck you, Insomiac, you selfish rat bastards.  TLDR: Don't waste your money or time on this clusterfuck of an event.  Bottom line: I felt UNSAFE and taken advantage of during the entire experience.
5	EDC is now at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway, and while far away from the strip & from where it all began in Los Angeles, the speedway makes EDC actually feel like a carnival for once. There's plenty of rides, a lot of space to dance around, and production sets for every genre available. It's open from dusk till dawn (no 2AM curfew nonsense like in LA).The only downsides to having it in Vegas is the weather as it does get extremely hot, but purchase a $10 Insomniac bottle and get free water all night! Insomniac was also smart enough to put cool down rooms which usually hold the motor cars.2nd year running, and Insomniac did learn from last year. Parking can still be worked on -- so here's to 3rd times a charm!This is what the future of EDM is all about. Some will hate it & some will love it, but in the end -- it is what it is & people will still go to it no matter what. You can cry and moan, but you'll be that 1 in a million staying at home while everyone is having fun!Big ups to Markus & Armin for saving Saturday EDC 2012. That storm was uneventful, but what can you do when Mother Nature is giving a bitch fit =P
5	EDC IS A ONCE IN A LIFETIME EXPERIENCE!!!This year was my first EDC and to say it was an epic weekend is an understatement! The minute I walked in I knew everything would change. Every rave here after will seem small and unparalleled to EDC. Let's start with the pros. This year I am told is the first that they had free water stations. If you had a water bottle or a camel back you could get your water refilled for free, and the people working the water stations were extremely nice! Actually I would have to say that for an event that large all of the insomniac employees were extremely helpful, friendly and optimistically smiling which I was really surprised. Next they had a surplus of porta-potties which was nice that for an event that large I never had to wait in any lines for the bathroom. I remember at Monster Massive the lines for the men's bathroom were around the corner! There is so much to talk about EDC I don't know where to even begin, and even when I finish I am sure there is so much I will leave out. There were several large stages each with their own unique lighting and visuals display. They had plenty of installations like glowing lighted flower looking pieces, a flame-throwing octopus, a snake on fire, and a 60 ft daisy that moved on it's own and swirled colors. They had strange moving creators on bikes that would ride around, people on stilts, all sorts of great artistic things to look at and interact with between stages which made the entire experience so much fun. They had fireworks each night, some of the biggest I've ever seen, and even parachutes landing with fire at high speeds. There are A LOT of people at this place, so if you don't like crowds then you should probably avoid EDC all together, but if you're like me and love the adventure then I think you will find the people as one of the highlights of the event. I saw some of the most original costumes I have ever seen warn by some of the fans, met some amazing people, and saw the coolest, most original dancing by people at this rave. Sunday ended up being the busiest day however, so packed that I wasn't too fond of it, but we it was still fun.The line up could have been a little better, they had great artists play for 30 minutes to an hour, but some smaller DJ's played for two hours so that didn't make sense. They also had the headliners late at night, but if they had them earlier than hopefully some of the fans would have left earlier, decreasing the amount of traffic each night.CONS: Traffic was a b-witch and a half!!! The first night we left at 5am and did not get home until 9:30am...no I am not joking or exaggerating by any means! It took several hours just to leave the parking lot! We sat in our car without moving for days because the lines were not even moving! Insomniac did such an amazing job this weekend, but should have hired people to direct traffic on the way out, this was probably their biggest flaw and only aggravation over the weekend. I mean I loved EDC, but the traffic was a serious issue that they need to fix if they want to keep people happy. Although traffic was bad, I did however make it fun by dancing on top of my car and shuffling through the lines outside while blasting music as loud as possible. So make the most of everything and the people around you will fill the rest in with good times. Other than the lines and traffic I do not have many complaints about Insomniac I think they did a great job and even though they shut it down early on Saturday, they did was right and safe and help keep EDC from shutting down permanently so I solute them for that. Overall EDC was one of the most memorable moments I have ever had the pleasure to share and will definitely be going again next year for sure!  After three days of not eating, sleeping, being dehydrated, surviving a pluricane, and putting my body through physical hell...it was sooo worth it!Thank you EDC for an epic weekend!
4	When over 100,000 people gather in the same place and roam around, there is  bound to be chaos. That's expected.Traffic was no joke. I think it took us over an hour in stop and go traffic the last two miles or so from the venue. That is not the business. You would think they would open up more lanes and direct traffic a little better considering this is not the first time an event has been held at this venue. What was the deal? Yes, there were cops on almost every corner, but they weren't really doing anything to help with the congestion. After we parked, they decided to close one of the entrances? What the heck?  We had to walk clearly to the other side to the other entrance. It was not a fun walk there or back.  Once we got in line, it was another wait of up to an hour. The lines were moving super slow and I really don't think they staff really knows how to direct traffic. But once you get in and you see the view from the top, all that stuff didn't matter.  I was at EDC! There were just so many things to look at and do! The rides were most of your carnival rides from Ferris wheel to the Hammer throw to fun houses.  There were a few fire spewing sculptures that gave a nice blast of heat every now and then. The weather ( on friday and sunday) was perfect! You can get warm in the crowd and have that slight breeze just flow right over your head to cool you down. The stages were set up very nicely. I think six or seven stages total?  On Friday I was mainly at the stage where Kaskade was playing.  His set was great, but I did not like how they started shooting fireworks during his set! It was a little distracting.  I walked around the whole venue but I was usually always at kineticField or neonGarden. Most of the Dj's that I wanted to see were there.I will make a note on the alcohol there, I think they were all watered down? what's up with that? I asked for a shot of vodka and I tasted a little bit of vodka! Not  cool. So i stuck to beer the whole night. The people who were serving the drinks also looked like they did not know what they were doing? Eh, whatever, at least I was never in line long so that helps.Overall, a great experience and I will come back if those "minor" traffic things got better.  This is only their second year but we'll see how much better it gets.
3	Since I've been to EDC at all 3 venues its been held at for the last how many years, I think I can give an accurate description of EDC this year. This was my 6th EDC, and yes, throughout the years, Pasquale has upped the massive scene.  To go from a 1 day to a 3 day event, with now 7 stages is a huge leap.  The lighting is better, the sound quality is better, it still amazes me that the music barely overlaps when walking in between three stages.  The lineup is comparable to UMF and even better than most Euro events.  There's a stage for everyone's taste, even a pop/hip hop stage.But the cons outweigh the pros to me now to the point where I have officially stated that this EDC will be my last.  Its cool that they are able to fit all those stages and everything and everyone in the motor speedway, but the layout is just retarded.  They should have done the same as the coliseum in LA and utilized the bleachers for the main stage instead of using a small section of bleachers for the Carl Cox stage which was actually hard to find unless you're just walking in.  The main stage was cool, and although it was kind of lame that VIP ticket holders were set up at the very  back and end of the stage, we still had a great view of the stage.  My favorite stage was circuit grounds though with the VIP area on the side. But another one of the cons to me would definitely have to be the difference in ticket prices.  I get that the EDC show has grown in the last few years, but the ticket prices have jumped so high, especially when the tickets sell out and the capacity is so much higher.  And the amenities included in VIP tickets has gone down by so much.  They used to have an open vodka bar for VIP ticket holders, and then it became just water, and now all you really get is a separate area with a terrible bathroom situation and a few benches to sit on.So the shuttle, I really don't understand.  You're supposed to buy a shuttle pass, which I didn't buy since my VIP ticket was comped, but I still got on the shuttle..? Not sure how that worked.  I only went on Sunday, so my friends who had already gone the first 2 days said that leaving early was your best bet on getting back safely and as quick as possible.  Thank God we left early and hopped on the shuttle, because later we were told that there were riots and people starting fires, and it took about 3 hours total for waiting in line for the shuttle and the ride back.  Its just too much of a mission.They need to put less money into stilt walkers and theatrics and more into training the people that work there.  I know that the people working there are probably speedway workers or hired just for the night, so really, they don't know WTF you're talking about when you say, "Which way is Cosmic Meadow?" but why pay these people if they're seriously f**king useless.  I really loved EDC here in LA, but then again, the scene has changed so much.  Crowds have gotten younger and less friendly, and everyone's just feeding their money into this massive event.  If you like walking around and getting lost, disgusting porta-potties with no hand washing stations, being far from civilization and not quite sure if you'll make it back alive, then EDC at the motor speedway is for you.  If you really just love EDM like myself, I suggest follow your favorite DJ's and stick to the clubs they spin at.
1	I hate that my 200th review has to rip a new one for Insomniac, because yes even they are the most prestigious EDM event company there is always room for improvement. I feel this EDC was equivalent to my experience at the last EDC in LA. Here is what I had HELLA issues with this year:1. HELLA UN-PLUR people..really people you are at a massive rave where people are on all sorts of crazy substances and have a culture all of their own..don't come into our community and bag all over how we are down to be PLUR to complete strangers that is the most disrespectful thing a hater can do. If someone accidentally bumps into you don't try and fight them, just smile and keep moving...the nerve of some of these wannabe ravers. 2. WHY ARE LIGHTS NOT ALLOWED?!? How is my orbital going to cause harm to anyone?!3. REFUND FOR SATURDAY! I understand that due to the whether it was best for the safety of the artists and fans, but if I waited almost 3 hours to get it and got turned away then swipe my ticket to see that I didn't enter Saturday and give me a refund!4. UNORGANIZED!5. If DJs start spinning at 7pm then why do doors open exactly at 7...shouln't they be open at least half an hour earlier (pissed because I almost missed Morgan Page)6. Why is there an 'effin smoke shop that sells bongs if security is coming by me trying to take my blunts away! 7. DO SOMETHING ABOUT THAT TRAFFIC!!!!Even though this is my 5th EDC I did have an amazing time, and I am planning on attending EDC for the rest of my life, because overall it is definitely the experience of a lifetime. I do have to give a big thank you to Armin and the rest of A State of Trance for keeping the party going through the ASOT program on Saturday night when it shut down. Definitely spreading the love through the sound of music.
2	Practically the same event as 2011. Maybe except a few brushes such as the addition of the Q-dance stage. Way too many people as well. Sure it's an experience that should be granted to whoever pays the price. But it produces a ridiculous amount of pollution, traffic, foot traffic, annoyance & etc. My girlfriend and I ended up selling our tickets away after the first day because we were just greatly disappointed ( she was also partially sick). Then, we heard about the sandstorm. Coincidence? I think not.Ever since my first EDC back in 2009, this event has taken its decline. This event is nothing more than being replaced by a new attendance consisting of drug abusers and idiots. This event has definitely taken its fall. Save that $300 and go to the casino and win. I'm sure you'll be happier there.
3	Venue is grand....other than that you have to prettyyyyyy down to drive 2-4hours traffic there and back. ANd while you're there, I think you need to be on something to last the whole morning and day.Like the bf says, its a marathon. People who were down enough to do 3 days did the Iron Man. Freakin crazy. However, EDC is just not the same anymore. I'm old and I enjoyed the back in the days fun but safe and loving environment when you got tired and lost, can sit anywhere and everyone around you takes care of you....guys loved it. PluS there weren't creepers there back then!! Mainstream now = creepers, concert club like attitude, traffic, just not the same. BUt the pro is getting the chance to see how GRAND this event got. Be safe and have a meetup spot! :)
2	The biggest stop for Insomniac Events' Electric Daisy Carnival (EDC) is Las Vegas. EDC is known for setting records for attendance and is held at one of the largest venues possible (The Las Vegas Motor Speedway). 345,000 attended EDC over three days, which means about 115,000 people entered the Motor Speedway each day.EDC is the largest festival in the nation for electronic dance music (EDM), which has taken off recently in the mainstream with DJs like David Guetta, Avicii, Swedish House Mafia, Calvin Harris, Afrojack, Skrillex, Deadmau5, and Bassnectar. Over 100 DJs like that were slated to perform at EDC 2012 Las Vegas.Day 1 went off without a hitch, and my girlfriend and I had a good time despite the 2-hour shuttle to the event. Afrojack, R3hab, Datsik, and Funtcase were our favorites. On Day 2, Insomniac promised streamlined traffic into the Motor Speedway, but it still was a 1.5 hour shuttle. Security lines added about 30 minutes to each day. We decided to go late to Day 2, since we didn't care for many of the DJs starting out early and we wanted to last the entire night to see Blue Man Group with Steve Aoki. During Calvin Harris at about 12:45am, the stage was shut down due to wind. We then moved to the Basspod, which was then shut down to wind. Sand was blowing in everyone's face. Soon, all the stages were shutdown and we sat down while Insomniac assured us that they expect the wind to die down and to re-open the stages. That never happened. We didn't get to see Blue Man Group with Steve Aoki. No one did. Insomniac's rare loudspeaker messages were vague, yet optimistic. We basically sat down for 2.5 hours with no entertainment. The one "stage" that was open was the "Wide Awake Art Car", a small vehicle with a weak sound system.On Day 3, we decided to leave a little bit early, but that didn't matter because the shuttle bus was back to 2 hours and security lines took over an hour (for my girlfriend). So, I missed Bunny of RITM and only caught the end of Feed Me. Major Lazer, David Guetta, and Avicii were our highlights.Due to Insomniac's treatment of the fans on Day 2, I can't recommend EDC Las Vegas or Insomniac events in general. I can't imagine what it is like to put together a festival of this size, but I expected at least a refund for the fiasco on Day 2. The only thing Insomniac did was let Day 2 pass holders in on Day 3, which probably caused longer lines on that day.
5	Amazing experience, music, art installations, people, everything. Sad to see some people didn't have a good time.
5	It's sad to see people hating on Insomniac and EDC 2012! I know that every event could be planned better, little details can be forgot, and s&*t happens, but come on. Yes, the shuttles have long waits and the traffic is insane so it takes an hour and 1/2 to get there. What do you expect? More than 300,000 people are trying to get to the same place. I think the Motor Speedway is a great space for a massive event like EDC. Yes, it takes time to park, get through the lines, and actually get into the concert. Everyone has been waiting an entire year for this event and once you're there, the last thing you want to do is wait in line. But checking that many people's ID, bag, and ticket takes time. As far as what you can't bring into the concert, I always say there's a reason for everything. I missed out on Friday for this past EDC because of my brother's wedding so I only got to go Saturday and Sunday. You could imagine how bummed I was when they shut it down on Saturday - enraged, actually. We stayed until the end and talked to a security officer after the show and he said that people in the air tower actually saw the stages shaking. This wasn't anyone's fault. If a stage would have fallen on thousands of people, EDC would have been shut down for good. I don't know about you, but I'd rather have it again next year than risk it. All in all, I had an amazing time at EDC. Definitely any EDM lover's must-do. Amazing DJs, amazing rides, acts, entertainment, and light shows. You know ya'll will be back next year with your rage faces on!
2	First and foremost I want to say that I've attended insomniac events for about 6 years. I have patiently and calmly overlooked many fiascoes at their events. Hazardous lines, terrible communication with event staff, poor ticketing strategies..etc... I remained faithful through all our ups and downs, even suggesting events to friends, ---After EDC Las Vegas all I had were my comparisons to other Insomniac events. Namely, EDC Los Angeles which I attended faithfully as well. In Vegas, I thought the transportation to the venue was terrible. A 2 hour shuttle ride to the venue each night going ever so slowly. The venue itself is massive, great venue, but its in butt fuck nowhere. It was not well lit inside between the stages and did not have the same feel as other events. That being said Friday was ok. The vibes were OK. ---Saturday, I'm sure we all know what happened Saturday by now...All I can say is I've been to more than 1 HARD event that was shut down due to fans rushing in and cops being called yet HARD still refunded everyone's money or gave the option of a free ticket to another event. INSOMNIAC however denies that the event was cancelled or postponed which is very insulting. I personally asked 4 police officers if the event was cancelled and 2 workers at the event who all informed me it was. They even stopped letting people outside into the venue. ---At the end of the weekend I would have rather stayed in LA saved $800 bucks (thats hard on a college student) and paid for HARD SUMMER which is still in LA and poppin!---Sunday was great. Now, Sunday felt like EDC. However, I paid a total of $753.53 for two tickets to see FERRY CORSTEN (My favorite DJ) Tiesto and Markus Schulz, Jack Beats, the Blue Man Group. And didn't get to see ANY OF THOSE. that Sucks bawlz. Y'know. So to send a statement saying we understand but we're keeping your money I'm sorry nature is a b****. Really read to me like. "I'm sorry we didn't check the weather, we're keeping you're money although it was our shortcoming." I only wanted a refund for that day. In which I took the bus another 2 hours got in for 20 mins before the event closed.----Not to mention the complete and utter lack of information anyone at the event had. It was like "Excuse me where is Lot 9" "We don't know, go up to every shuttle and ask."Or the, "We don't know where the bathrooms are. ... I think there's a water stations that way..."Needless to say, that was my last Insomniac event & the end of our 6 year relationship. In my world relationships are give and take, I gave them money in exchange for entertainment. And all they did was take it... ---There are more fish in the sea Insomniac, HELLLO HARD EVENTS!---N
4	SO surprised to see such few stars for EDC ratings, considering it was one of the best weekends of my life.Subtracted a star due to the ridiculous parking/traffic situation everyday, where it would take literally 2 hours to enter and leave the venue (coming from off the strip). The city should consider building a second road just for EDC, it would eliminate hours of unnecessary traffic. But that's not likely to happen. Really a downer when you're in the car for longer than you can stand at 6/7am and just want to SLEEP.In regard to the Saturday wind shut-down & no refund, we can all agree that it blows (literally, ha) but in spite of everything, Insomniac handled the situation as best as they could. I felt safe during the evacuation and it was a calm environment (from what I experienced, at least). Still, I would really appreciate that REFUND.The staff: so-so. Some were super friendly and energetic, even wearing some kandi! Yet a good amount of the staff were useless. On Saturday, my friends had a difficult time at the entrance gate trying to get the right info from staff members about the shut-down, for instance. In hindsight, you really don't need their help over the weekend navigating the venue. Use a map. Or explore!2012's lineup was incredibly good. I can't dwell on not being able to see Tiesto on Saturday because the entire weekend was filled with amazing music and new discoveries.I loved the vibe on Friday night - everyone was so amped and lived PLUR to its fullest, but as the weekend progressed I noticed some change in the crowd as it became a little more hectic to get around. Now that edm is becoming more "mainstream" expect to see more of a variety of people, not necessarily PLUR believers which was upsetting. But if you just surround yourself with a good group of friends, you're guaranteed to have an awesome weekend.p.s. always stay hydrated
4	This was my first time going to EDC and I didn't feel prepared even after reading tons of reviews and blogs. The festival was great...getting there another story. Having EDC in Las Vegas was awesome, however it also brings in 300,000+ plus people to the city, creating a cluster wherever you go. I had a one day pass to EDC and purchased a one day shuttle pass from some separate party bus/shuttle group from my hotel. Some of the travel timing was partially our fault (for leaving so late), but the shuttle line was about about an hour wait. Getting on the shuttle to the motorway took another hour. About 2 hours travel time, so plan on allotting 2 hours to get there! Once we arrived my Canadian friends were told they had to get into a separate line for "International" ID check, leaving me all alone. Everyone in my line kept budging...pushing forward until they eventually cut in front of you. (Damn, can't we all be adults here?) This line checks your ID, pats you down slightly and then checks inside your bag, then you're free to go. They scan your ticket separately before entering the motorway. Once inside, you're thrown into visual bliss - everything is lit up and you're transported into bass bumping heaven. I was in awe to see the entire set up, as I walked down the steps into the motorway. It was insane to see how many people were there! The crowd seemed very mature and everyone was so respectful, it was nothing I have ever experience at any show. The DJs were awesome and the sound systems were great. I can't complain about the crowd size because everyone was there for the same reason, but it was hard to maneuver when a huge DJ was on. The garbage everywhere made it hard to dance and the cell phone reception was awful (so don't lose any of your friends). The maps were set up super far from each other, so it was hard to figure out where to go and where you were. Port-a-potties were set up in a bathroom area and the lines were not long. Water station was nice and convenient to get to and again no lines. If I ever go again I would do this the second time around:- Leave 2 hours before the first DJ I want to see.- Have a drink when I arrive (or take one into the shuttle with me).- Wear a fun colorful costume!- Take a screen shot of the map from the website on my phone, so you can see where to go. (I couldn't pull this up, due to bad reception.)- Take a screen shot of the DJ set from the website, so I know who I want to see and when. - Bring back my Insomniac water bottle so I can use it at the refill station. - Bring a freakin' cardigan because you never know if the wind is going to pick up at 5am and you're in a bikini!All in all, a great experience!
5	I HAVE NEVER BEEN TO A HAPPIER PLACE IN MY LIFE.EDC, you are amazing. The crowd is beautiful, and everyone is so happy. I couldn't stop smiling the duration of my trip. Friday was a bit hectic, as between leaving a little later (7ish), and rush hour, didn't arrive at the speedway until about 930. Vegas is all sprawl, and there are only 2-3 access roads into the speedway. So LEAVE EARLY. I learned my lesson right away. However, it helps to be on a shuttle bus. They really added lots of buses this year and it was quite easy to board from the MGM where i was staying.The speedway was transformed into this amazing immersive experience. The workers were quite friendly, and the map was rather helpful, although it didn't have the refill areas marked. No worries, you find them rather fast. The stages are all MASSIVE, even some of the smaller ones would be Main Stages in other areas.The rides!!!! If you're ever caught between two sets with a little bit of extra time, please do yourself a favor and get in line for any of the rides. They're all so much fun and offer something else to do other than jam out with 100k people.The art installations are all really interesting, my favorite were the neon trees named "wish". They also offer a fantastic meeting spot and helped my group of about 30 out immensely.Even with the shutdown for safety reasons on Saturday, Even with the traffic situation the way it was, I have absolutely nothing to complain about.Thank you Pasquale and Insomniac!
2	Let the music begin!...or NOTYou would think after the first time you would work out all the issues, but I guess not. TRANSPORTATION WAS A B****!!! Well I guess part of this miz can't be blamed on EDC due to the bad organization with the hotels and shuttles, however I can blame them for picking a place that involved like 1 road to get there. The line up was GREAT..but oh yeah I could see anyone due to the high sat night winds....I HATE the idea of the big venue...yeah now more people can go and its in VEGAS, but I miss the old days where you can easily bump into your friends and meet new ones. Due to the big venue it was harder to meet anyone and share the love and happiness with new people. The PLUS..it was in VEGAS! so I got to do more stuff and not just this rave. However, I miss EDC 2009!
5	save my 100th review for you insomniac I LOVE YOU SO MUCH  !!!!!And Dash Berlin and Armin and ATB, and Markus Schulz and Shogun and Ferry Corsten and omfg I just love them all. Cosmic Gate !!!cannot believe that this was my 3rd edc, and hopefully many more to come!!! I was so incredibly happy that they brought ASOT to EDC, I already saw it at Beyond but i mean who can say no to more asot, hmmm?? As you can tell I am a trance lover, but there are plenty other types of edm as well including house, dubstep, hardstyle !!!! (q - dance ), etc. Friday: sucked balls because I spent almost 6 hours in traffic traveling from SoCal and didn't arrive at the venue until 12 pm, and spent only 2 hours there before we headed back to the hotel. Sat: would have been fantastic if mother nature did not decide to create havoc as well, I really really hope that this doesn't happen again in the future, because even though Insomniac allowed people to use their Saturday pass for Sunday, the people whom already booked flights and hotels couldn't really afford to stay another day. Sunday: UNHHHHH so amazing i was at asot almost the whole time, but was able to check out chuckie and dirty south at kinetic field. Dash Berlin && ATB , I swear you two make my life complete. We left at 4:30 to beat traffic HAHA so fail, we ended up stuck in the parking lot until 730 am, in fact I still had time to call my bf before he left for work at 6:30 am, wtf hahahahaah, it took 2 more hours to get back to the hotel because I was pretty cracked out ( who is not cracked out at 8 am in the morning with less than 6 hours of sleep in 2 days ) so knocked out at 10 and woke up at 12 to check out. IMPORTANT TIPS: 1. Go with people whom you trust to take care of you when you are fucked up and disoriented, you really do not want to be wandering around by yourself in such a huge place, especially when you are not sober. 2. Only applies to people whom drive there, but before you even start walking towards the entrance, write down on your arm or on your phone exactly where you parked, including the # of rows from the entrance, A1, A2, etc.3. Determine a VERY specific place (i.e. directly in front of crazy coaster at 11:30pm) in order to meet your friends, or else it will be impossible to find anyone since there is no cell reception. 4. When texting, time stamp all your texts meaning that you should include in your text the time that you are sending it ( i.e. "I am at the fire display 12:20am:") This will help you if you are trying to find people, and do not want to waste time walking around. 5. Please stay hydrated, you are allowed to bring in empty refillable water bottles, but do not OVER hydrate, especially if you are consuming the drug MDMA.  Drinking too much water while rolling may cause hyponatremia, because when people roll it may become a lot harder for them to urinate. Consuming the drug MDMA, releases ADH ( anti diuretic hormone) in your body, and the release of this hormone, combined with over hydrating may cause hyponatremia to occur in your body. 6. Obtain a copy of the map and lineup right when you enter, you cannot depend on your phone, esp when much of the battery will be drained searching for signal. By the end of the night you will be very grateful you did not depend on your phone to look up the map / lineup. Last but not least please PLUR.  the scene is becoming more mainstream, which I guess can be a good thing, however I wish people would remember good vibes = good times. Thanks so much insomniac !! and pasquale rotella !!! I LOVE YOU ALL, and see you again next year :)
5	EDC will always get 5 stars in my book...regardless of where its located and any given weather conditions.Any yelper giving Electric Daisy anything less than 5 stars should not be going.  This is the first time I have ever reviewed a music festival...until now I had no idea we could review stuff like this.Even though EDC is and ALWAYS will be EPIC and progressive...it has changed soo much. My first EDC was in 2004 at the National Orange Show fairgrounds in San Bernardino with a mere 5,000 attendees.  Then it got moved to Exposition park where it caught on like wildfire and became a two day festival in the most amazing venue in America, the Memorial Coliseum with around 200,000 festival goers. Present day, 2012, EDC is held at the Las Vegas Speedway with over 300,000 crazy ravers throughout three ridiculous nights.  Insomniac still does a good job at bringing all the necessary elements to the festival, including adding a few new ones.***I would also like to mention EDC 2012 was $320 for the three day pass or $150 each day****I BOUGHT PRESALE TICKETS FOR EDC 2004 FOR $25!!!!! Talk about inflation :/I like vegas, BUT they must do something with the HORRIBLE traffic jam going into the speedway, not to mention the gridlock madness that is the parking lot trying to leave.  Also, I wish Insomniac would credit everyone that attended EDC on Saturday with another rave on them, that wind was ridiculous but should not be grounds to rip everybody off $100.  When am I ever going to see Doctor P???Had no idea what Steve Aoki and the Blue Man Group were going to pull off...now I may die wondering....~Lastly, Kristina L., I do not want to ever see you at an Insomniac event again with your two stars...EDC alone is worthy of more than that.  I had better not run into you at Electric Zoo.
5	It feels senseless attempting to use written words to portray the three-day nirvana that was EDC 2012...but here goes nothing!EDC 2012 was my third EDC.This year, I arrived in Las Vegas with two goals: the first, to not end up separated from my crew (which I somehow managed to do not once, not twice, but on all three days of EDC 2011)...and the second, to dive in to EDC headfirst and finish the weekend with no regrets... Both of these goals were accomplished by leaps and bounds, despite the fact that EDC required my friends and I to bust more missions than I ever considered myself capable of (thanks in no small part to a wallet/EDC ticket/ID/credit card that was stolen on the dancefloor, our befriending of a lovely Canadian girl who had arrived in Las Vegas with nowhere to stay for the weekend, one friend's parents threatening the disownment of their daughter, and a host of other situations that brought my friends and I closer together than ever before). For the weekend to have turned out to be such a RESOUNDING success despite the onset of one shitshow setback after another shows how truly special and amazing of an event EDC is. Anyways, here are my highlights:- Dusk 'til dawn! EDC's most unique characteristic is the festival's "sunset to sunrise" format, which demands as much as your body and your willpower are willing to put out - you'll find yourself with a reversed body clock by the end of the third day. Go for the three-day stretch - you'll find yourself with a newfound appreciation for yourself and the limits of your body.- The talent! Insomniac spared no expense in assembling a world-class lineup of DJs for EDC 2012. In a span of three days, I was able to see Steve Angello, Kaskade, Calvin Harris, Dada Life, Knife Party, and a whole host of the best that electronic/dance music has to offer. Every DJ who played at EDC brought their A-game, throwing down banger after banger and keepin' the party rockin'. I will never forget screaming "This IS Paradise" at the top of my lungs while seeing Fedde Le Grand bring in sunrise with his tune of the same name...nor will I forget hitching a ride atop a VIP cart in the heart of the crowd during David Guetta's "Without You", waving out to a sea of people, all of whom were cheering right back at my friends and I.- The production value, stage designs and lighting effects that were nothing short of world class...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6NG_A-epYEpsJSugfAaTRQ?select=oKal-wTRBxCJjWzIhcaXig#6sN5BGLpzMnJjYIcjSyt_wEDC fully displays Insomniac's credo - "it's all about the experience." The Kinetic Field - although not as jaw-dropping as last year's office building-sized structure, was "hollow", in that festival goers were now able to view sunrise through the stage itself. Equally breathtaking were the visual displays accompanying each DJ set; oozing neon colors and trippy illustrations came straight out of (the best kind of) an acid trip. I witnessed dozens of acrobats, costumed performers, fire dancers , and the ever-popular Mirror Man grace EDC with their talents; no details were overlooked in terms of the event's aesthetics. For example, the Red Bull Skydivers glided down to earth, shooting sparks each night...legit.OH, and I haven't even gotten to the fireworks yet. It looks like EDC has prematurely spoiled my 4th of July...- The sense of togetherness found within the crowds at EDC is unlike that of any other event. Because EDC calls for a serious investment of time, money, and energy, there's a filter effect that takes place. Obnoxious assholes and creepy hoodie-wearing tweakers are very much the minority at EDCLV (unlike most massive events held within the SoCal area), and I can speak from experience in saying that the overwhelming majority of the people that I met at EDC were fun-loving partygoers who were very polite (making way for your chain of head-bobbing friends as you navigate a crowd), down-to-earth, and friendly. This same sense of good-natured behavior was emphasized by the Speedway staff and the Las Vegas Metro PD; when my friend lost his wallet, the police officers whom we asked for help were very much courteous (albeit powerless, as no definite lost & found had been set up...lovely). Did I mention that we hitchhiked our way back to the strip with some awesome Good Samiritan ravers on the first night (due to aforementioned stolen wallet)? EDC gives me faith in the good nature of human beings.I could go on and on, but really you'd have to experience EDC for yourself to fully know just how inspiring and life-changing of an event this is. I didn't really touch on the cons of EDC 2012 (god-awful traffic to/from the Speedway, inept organization with regards to the lost & found, a lack of food options to choose from, Mother Nature giving Saturday night the middle finger), but frankly, that's because all negativity had been erased from my mind for the weekend. For three days, EDC enabled my friends and I to touch the sky!
4	EDC was definitely a unique experience and fun to say the least. But I was disappointed with how much money they had put into production rather than the actual event itself. Perfect example would be the fact bathroom and water access were limited... in fact bathrooms were locked and they had porter potty's. The music could have and should have been louder.... other than that the lighting and fireworks/ hang gliders rocked! I don't think I will be going again... at least not for the price it cost this year.... $300 is way overpriced for this event..
5	Wow people on here  are out of control , you know what you signed up for !EDC was an amazing, life changing, epic journey. From the drive here from the Bay to all the little things that happened along the way, my group and I managed to stay together and band together when we were hit with a little unexpected situation the first night.. EDC is about music, happiness, and for 3 days letting everything go and raging it like you have never raged before. I felt at peace with myself being there with over 150,000 people , feeling their positive energy and happiness. It was something I cannot ever describe in words. Yes we got let down Saturday night with the wind storm. And some staff members didnt know too much, and the traffic was pretty shitty, (although we usually would leave really early and we drove there to the venue) but these are things that can be overlooked easily. The traffic is something I have confidence that Insomniac wil work on next year. The line up was amazing. I am mainly into house and trance , but the basspod area was DOPE..but I mean really the line up was on point this year..Armin, Above and Beyond, Calvin Harris, David Guetta, etc etc pretty much all the top names right now. Except Deamau5 wasnt there .But I hear hes sort of a prick anyways. But yah this experience was life changing... It really all depends on your personality to . If you are a whiner or diva ish then it can affect you having to wait in lines and traffic and all the people..but if your ready to rage on like youve never raged before then go here. This year in particular has been rough for me , but im glad for a few days i got to escape it all and dive into a world of music , rides, and happiness.. When I have kids they will here this story for sure...... =-) by that time it will be a long memory and will be even more epic when i re live it for them...
1	EDC Las Vegas 2011 was effing bomb!EDC Las Vegas 2012 was effing dissapointed!Took 2 hrs to get to the venue, and another 2.5 hrs to get back to the hotel.Had to grab a taxi from and to the hotel on day 1. Almost pass out because we waited about 2.5hrs for a goddamn taxi! Had a really bad comedown afterward.Day 2 got shutdown, and again, traffic was hella pain in the arse. These people didn't know how to tolerate for our comedown for godsake.Day 3 was quite fun, but same freaking traffic from and to the event.I'm quite sure they gonna raise the price for next year EDC. Till then f you, Insomniac!
3	it took me a long time to realize that my anger after EDC 2012 wasn't towards the actual event, but the location. Its an amazing setup, but if u have that many people going to one location that has like 1 lane, of course there's going to be insane traffic. i missed sooooo many DJs because of this so make sure to leave as early as possible. The EDC shuttle pass sold out before i could purchase it so i bought some random Party Tours shuttle pass which was TERRIBLE! the worst! There is virtually no cell phone service so create a meeting spot with your friends as soon as you get there. Don't attempt to text anyone saying "meet me at the ferris wheel" because 1-they will never get this text and 2-there r like 3 ferris wheels. I didnt love the main stage, the smaller stages were way better and the bass was amazing. Q-Dance was my favorite. I pretty much went for the Saturday lineup and was disappointed when it got canceled, but i understand, it really was windy that night, but my friends and i stayed anyway and made the best out of it. I wish more DJs had come out to play like Aoki. All in all, EDC was pretty epic (although sound and light shows were better at Ultra) but having it at the motor speedway...i dunno. not the best idea. And i agree that there were def some creepers in the crowd.Tips for next time:-dont stay on the strip, just stay at some random hotel closer to the speedway and rent a car. that way you are in more control over when you can arrive and leave-create a specific meeting spot with your group-dont drink too much free water, burned my throat, but stay hydrated!-head to the speedway early!
4	EDC is always an amazing experience. Ive gone for the past 4 years and i must say i am stoked its in Vegas now. this event always brings out the best of the best DJs and the craziest partiers. Only thing i would change is the road conditions. last EDC we were stuck for about 5.5 hours because of an accident. All in all its always fun, crazy 3 days!Oh and one suggestion, make it 21 and up. the little 18 year olds asking me for drugs all night was annoying.
5	7PM to 5:30 AM. Three days. I had a final on Monday at 10 (we live in the bay) so we were planning on mobbin out of EDC on the last day at around 3AM. Well... we DID leave the main area at 3... finding our car took the whole 2 hours. Needless to say, I didn't make that final. Assuming your partner knows where the car is, while he assumes you know = recipe for disaster. We even asked a cop (they have plenty of cops circling the area to make sure people are safe and apparently to help find your car) who I called VAN WILDER (he was his twin!). VAN WILDER could not even find our car, even with the keys on him while they're circling every row of cars! Yeah... we all cried out of desperation (and also because of the chemical imbalances). Learned my lesson, and will DEFINITELY be having a driver to EDC this upcoming year. Word of advice, if you plan on getting totally wasted (which you will be), you're going to need an exit strategy/a way to find your car. I suggest taking a helicopter (only 400 a leg, 2.5k for all three days) or scheduling private transportation (such as a car or a bus, your hotel might offer services). If you plan on driving to the track and parking (what the majority of people do) make SURE you add a "pin" on your exact parking spot on the map on your phone. "Pinning" also works by sending your exact location to your friends so they know where you are. Reception is very poor, so also try bringing walkie talkies. And make SURE that your panic button works on your car from a far distance (we should have taken the benz since the PRIUS alarm was not to be heard!). And be prepared for the unexpected: The 2nd day of EDC'12'LV had to be cancelled at like, midnight because it was SO F*cking windy. I kept getting sh*t in my mouth, and it was SAND. All in all, it was a great experience. The EDC info packet might have said "no binkies, no costumes, no stuffed animals", yet they were everywhere. Our friend had a little plush toy with her costume and as we were entering, the security lady just asked her to hide it in her pocket and take it out later. Always have your phone on you. Camera, duh. Stay hydrated. Thizz nation, right? And believe me, not everyone was FUBAR'd. There were HELLA negative vibes there, but who cares, right? Just do your thing. If you wanted water, you either had to buy water inside or buy an aluminum water bottle for $10 and refill them at the water stations. Bring a grounds map with you (even though they were passed out, it's better to print your own). They converted the garage area (since you're on a racetrack) into a chill-out area with normal lighting (bright) and some chairs to sit down. Lots of chill-out spots to name, too. The lines are long for the rides, but do it. You'll be drunk/f*cked up in line anyways, so it shouldn't matter. So:-Don't forget your phone, and charge it. Try to bring an extra battery pack just in case.-Same goes with a camera. Just don't bring too many toy$.-Guys need "bags" too, so bring a drawstring backpack.-Bring money for WATER. Or buy a $10 refillable waterbottle.-Pregame... not inside, because that's for the ride!(s)-GPS pin your spot for parking. PLEASE. You will end up crying your eyes out coming down and not being able to find your car.-Bring a grounds map with you.-Unopened eyedrops, unopened stoges, if applicable.-Fun outfits.-Try all the rides!-Bring cash for drinks, stoges (they sell them here too), food, etc.-AND LEAVE THE BAD VIBES AT HOME. Everyone will be rolling, don't be so mean! Just cause you're sober as f*ck doesn't mean you should be a debby downer. Someone told my man "Ay, handle your girl' as I was listening to my headphones and dancing. My man promptly replied 'She is handled and I'm LETTING HER HAVE A GOOD TIME.' Don't be so negative! Enjoy!-And girls... you look real individual with the bra top of yours... (every girl is wearing a bra, and only a bra)-If you're 21, BE VIP. You won't regret it. You bypass all the peons in line! And you're not shoulder to shoulder with them in front of the stage, either. You are ON the stage (well, I was!).Closing time, everyone is doing the SAME DAMN POSE in the parking lot: Walking with their keys in the air, pressing their ALARM button, repeatedly. Don't be one of these fools!! PIN IT! But then again, you cannot rely on technology all the time as you MIGHT not even have any battery left. So set up meeting spots/times with your group and write down clues on where you are parked. There was a huge RV where we were... so at least we knew THAT much. I'm not sure if walkie talkies are allowed, but I would say that's a good idea too. Also, if you're driving to LV (like we did), you will see a lot of EDC'ers along the way; I'm talking about cars with EDC skribbles all the way from the bay! And we left the bay at like, 10'am after class! Prius mobbin! Drive safe and have fun!
4	My bad, I'm 5 months late... but I attended EDC 2012 and it was amazingly overwhelming. Three days in the desert with an awesome EDM lineup AND carnival rides?!It took about an hour to get there and back as a result of the massive amounts of traffic, but we went around 12AM and stayed until 4AM. (before the rush times)Tips:1) BRING CASH.2) Wear comfortable shoes! (sneakers, sandals if you don't care about people stepping on your feet... but ladies, please be smart and NOT wear heels because raging in your 4 inch stilettos are going to cut up your feet)3) Cell service is crappy there. (even if you have Verizon) because they only turn on the service towers 2 hours before the end starts and 2 hours before it ends, so you may not get text messages until hours later.4) Download the EDC app on your smartphone beforehand so you know which artist is playing when, and where exactly each stage is.5) Go with fun, positive people! No one wants to rage with a Debbie Downer.6) If you smoke or want to chew gum, they only allow unopened packs inside. (since some people think they're slick and want to smuggle drugs inside)7) Designated meeting spots are necessary when you're going in a group of 4 or more.Have fun!
5	EDC 2012 - I was a virgin to the scene, but after a taste, I just want MOAR ;)Yes, I went on Saturday when they shut down early due to unsafe wind speeds, but IDGAF. Shit was CRAY. Women in the skimpiest of skimpy "clothing" (myself included), happy, feel good music, and bright flashing lights. GAHDEEENG it it was freaking FABULOUS.I will say that keeping company that is either open minded to the type of music or at least open to enjoying the experience is key... because no one wants a killjoy when you're doing that love-peace-and-dance thing, amirite?To be honest, I never thought I'd like this kind of music either, but don't be "that" hip hop prude. Step outside of your comfort zone and try a little something different... even if only to catch a glimpse of beautiful people in neon tutus and well positioned pasties. Life's about the experience, so get out. And EXPERIENCE IT. You may hate it or end up liking it after all. Either way, you'll never forget it.As for the production value? Top notch. Insomniac knows how to roll out the extravagant stages and pyrotechnics, yo. I'm going to have to check out the midway and hop on that carousel for sure next year. Mmmm, see you all there in 2013? ;D
5	If you only attend one music festival your entire life, make it EDC.I've been going to electronic dance music events on both coasts for 15 years and the scope and scale of Electric Daisy Carnival just dwarfs anything else I've ever seen.In that way, it's quintessentially Vegas - completely over the top, absurdly larger than life, garishly technicolor.Bigger isn't necessarily better. Fortunately Pasquale Rotella and the Insomniac Events crew are complete professionals. The inclusion of free water refill stations and cell phone recharge stations at Insomniac parties demonstrates a commitment to the guest experience that's about more than just the Disneyland business model of "OK, let's see how much incremental spending we can get out of you once you're inside the gates." Once inside, of course, you can buy everything from fresh fruit and cheesesteaks to glass bowls (ahem).Everything from a logistical standpoint is well-executed. Bathrooms are plentiful. The stage and grounds layout is easy enough to navigate once you get the hang of it (although that first night is pretty much all getting the hang of it).The sound at EDC is the best I've ever heard anywhere (except maybe Privilege Ibiza). The visuals are unparalleled. The fireworks are better than NYE or the 4th of July. There are skydivers for crying out loud.EDC isn't perfect. The traffic at the 2012 event was a notorious clusterf***, especially during the Saturday night wind shutdown and evacuation. (Although it was heartbreaking in the moment, a week later when Radiohead's stage collapsed due to high winds and killed a roadie, you understood a little better what was at stake). The wait at the door can vary, although both years it seemed worse at the beginning of the weekend than at the end. And last year there were so many DJs booked that many of them only had 30 or 45 minute sets. Which is ridiculous. Give DJs at least an hour to do their thing.Nocturnal Wonderland - and Insomniac's parties at the NOS Event Center in San Bernardino in general - tend to have a better crowd than EDC, which draws out a lot of the same bottles-and-models douchebags who populate the Vegas club scene on any given weekend, but Electric Daisy Carnival remains an absolutely essential appointment on the calendar for any serious fan of electronic dance music.
5	Last year I went to Vegas' inaugural EDC, and was later glad to hear that organizers will be delivering yet more fun non-stop till sun-up. Even for the uninitiated or non-EDM fan you can still have a good time, you don't have to, roll or drop. Simply let the rhythm, sheer wubwubwubwub bass and the energy of the crowd just envelop you.. I realized from here on out I'd be hitting up every EDC till they leave LV or I keel over and die. On the real $#!+ had me wondering: "Sunglasses and Advil, last night was mad real/ Sun coming up, 5 a.m., I wonder if they got cabs still?" Fasho..
2	Music good. Traffic BAD!Ever been stuck on a single stretch of road for 6 hours? Thats exactly how bad it is after 5:00AM. I even took a piss next to a bunch of rocks, like everybody else is just because its taking so long. Also, remember the Saturday Controversy for EDC 2012. The stages got shut down after 1:00AM for high winds, like literally, I saw the suspended speakers on one of the stages swinging back and forth. Very scary. I don't understand why can't they just put it on something more stable, like steel scaffolding or something. What really pissed ALL of us off was the way that they reimbursed the people for Saturday. As a apology for the frustration, Insomniac gave anyone who purchased a single day pass on Saturday a FREE day for Sunday. However! Those that purchased all 3 days benefit from NOTHING. Not even a one-day reimbursement for the Saturday fiasco. Bring friends and only YOUR friends to come in here. I have seen a lot of scum come inside this place. But I have heard worse stories about Go Ventures and the Monster Massive failure. You can look it up on Google.I always felt that the previous venue, the USC Colliseum was a way better spot to host the event. Nowadays due to several scandals, all EDM events are banned from the spot, especially the part about the bribery kind of thing. So instead of having nice, cool grass to sit on and cheap VIP sections, we have to pay more than triple the price to party on top of a bunch of gravel and dirt. Your shoes will get pretty fucking dirty, and you might wanna just drive a trashy car because of all the sand that gets kicked around at the "parking". Unless you got enough money to ride in a helicopter like Paris Hilton did. Or give a blowjob to someone who can afford a helicopter.
2	Great show. But we never had the sandstorm day replaced.  Bad Pasquale Rotella billionaire.
5	Wow so many people not happy with EDC. Well I hate to break it down EDM has become main stream get over it! If you think you can attend an event with this many acts and not see huge crowds go back to having raves with a horrible DJ, box of glow sticks and some string. Everything evoles its taken EDM music 20 years+ to become main stream just enjoy it while it last! For more info on EDC goto http://www.electricdaisycarnivalhq.com
2	EDC has lost the magic. I much preferred this event when it was held in LA. The Las Vegas Motor Speedway is dirty, rocky and dusty. In short, a terrible place to be tripping balls. The crowd is pretty meth-head, and you don't get t peace and love vibes you got in LA.Overall, the crowd is also less attractive.Traffic to and from the location can be a real killjoy, and there's a serious and hostile police presence that also ruins the mood.I'm doing ULTRA instead.
4	EDC i fuckin love you. And can't wait to be back!Had so much fun despite the Saturday, which blows.. hence, taking off one star. And we got nothing back despite paying for ALL three days?! :(Anyways... loved the experience. Everyone, and I meant everyone whom I've met there were so damn chill. I LOVE EVERYONE!! The crowd is what makes the experience imo and man, everyone was just there to have a grand time. No drama, no fuss. Just down to PARTY and that's what it should be all about.Disappointed I missed out on ALOT of djs because of traffic :( But definitely learned my lesson for this year.. go early, and leave about an hour earlier to best avoid.Free water refills, OH YES. Recommend grabbing dinner beforehand lol. You do NOT want to pay $5 for a shitty burger in there.. plus, why eat when you can rage?Anyways, people have covered alot.. 4 more months til the next and I've been thinking about it every damn day.
5	i wish Every Day Could be EDC!
5	RAVER'S DISNEY LAND!!!! Best thing I done in my whole entire life. Coming back again... every single year till I rest in peace. Awesome Points:(1) Amazing music - all the best DJs in one single place(2) Fireworks - mind-blowing(3) Hot girls in their underwear(4) Shirtless little boys(5) Pregnant raver moms Not-So-Cool Points:(1) Traffic in(2) Traffic out(3) Traffic all-around**OVERALL - Best thing ever. Something everyone should experience... in their 20's.
2	So sad, EDC has definitely not been the same since it left the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum days. Albeit the Las Vegas Motor Speedway is big and spacious, it's too dusty, too dirty, and too hectic. How are you supposed to dance and enjoy yourself when there is dust flying up everywhere? And it's surely not a good sign when you're blowing out black snot by the end of it all. The crowds aren't as positive as they used to be either. It's great that it's gaining more popularity, but you have all these people going for the wrong reasons and people who can't differentiate between Avicii and Armin. Come on! If I'm going to be spending this much money, I'd rather spend it on an event where the promoters actually care about their customers!
3	I felt like EDC was much better when it was hosted in LA...My days of raving are over. It seems as though these "music festivals" are geared towards kids up to their early 20's. Any older and it just looks plain creepy- You know what I'm talking about if you have gone and seen that 40 year old branding glowsticks galore and swaying to the beat by themselves. It is much too dry to have a rave in the middle of the desert. Let's not kid ourselves, we all know that a small percentage of attendees are sober. A mix of mdma and the dry desert heat does not make a good combo. AND, They charge water bottles at 5/7 dollars.It's over cramped and crowded with poor cell phone reception. Don't even bother trying to use your phone if you are separated from your group, you need to have a planned place to meet in case it happens- and it does.OVERALL: It's a great place to be if you are in your late teens with great music.It becomes overrated after a while.
5	Went last year (2012). Also went to Ultra this year (2013).EDC wins HANDS down.Love that its in Vegas (I LOVE VEGAS).Love that its at night. The desert isn't hot at night at all, you can wear shorts and a T and rage all night.Sucks that the windstorm hit on the Saturday, but find a way to have a good time.Shuttles take forever to get there first night, last night wasn't so bad. Hopefully it'll be better.Can't wait to come back :)
5	This will be my third time in a row going to EDC!! The past two were prob the best weekends of my life! Im excited this year because I already bought my tix to get into the EDC Week Club scenes...last year we only could get into Tao one time...impossible for 5 guys to get into a club not on a VIP list!! But my group of ravers already have the pool party tix!! This year I paid a lot more for a tix to get into EDC then the last two years...not happy about that but oh well...its worth it!!! This years line up isnt as good as last years but I will be venturing out and seeing new sets from all dif types of EDM...I will DEF keep updating the review of things to check out! And adding a lot of pics! Vegas Baby!!!
1	Seriously people. There is nothing new here. Electric Daisy Carnival is an annual electronic dance music festival nightmare held multiple times a year in different locations around the world. So basically, you just saw these people 3 months ago playing the same droning monotonous tracks. Over 350,000 will descend upon Las Vegas as if it's the second coming of JC himself. As wonderful as it sounds for our economy, it won't be what you think. These people don't gamble, shop, eat at fine dining establishments, go to shows, etc and so on. The average age is 17 and for the most part they will get drunk and get high and discard that investment in various receptacles across the Las Vegas Motor Speedway. So why Vegas? We already showcase these DJ's week in and week out as we are the number one nightlife destination in the world. Nowhere in the world are DJ's held in higher regard as they are in Vegas. Just look at the numerous billboards, hotel marquees and resort facades. There has got to be somewhere else that needs EDC besides Vegas. I vote for Reno. Or Bakersfield. Yea. Bakersfield is good.... That's far far away.....
3	2013. Better than last year, especially traffic. However, NEVER as good as my previous memories of the last EDC in Los Angeles in 2010. They opened the i-15 Freeway this year, and if you were smart, you would drive on I-15 North from The Strip for 8 or so miles and get off at Speedway Boulevard. Stay on the far right lane and make a right. Then make a immediate left and park in the FIRST row of the parking lot. If the metro cops guided you to the middle lane, drive ALL THE WAY TO THE BACK of the pathway, and then ALL THE WAY TO THE PORT-O-JOHNS when it loops around. Then, ignore those parking guide employees, drive through the gap in the concrete barricades, make a sharp left and then a sharp right through the 2nd barricade and you will be at the SAME spot. See the photo in the tip I left for this year's EDC, and you know where you SHOULD be at so you wouldn't be in a traffic jam for any longer than 10 minutes before you hit the freeway. Now, why did I say this wasn't as good as EDC L.A. 2010? Well it's nothing wrong with the music I will assure you that. It's the vibe. Californians are so much nicer and with much better mota and dirt cheap rolls for one. But thats not the centerpiece of my argument. Californians just have a better sense of community I say. Yeah, I do know that their daily commute is a bunch of vulgar hand signals and Mad Max: Road Warrior road rage, but they are more open as people you know?After my, uh, experience ended roughly five hours after entering for Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, I was walking from stage to stage smelling for some good stuff. When I found some, I offered them a dollar for a hit and they offered me a whole lot more :DBut then it went all dry after 2:00AM.Even with Vegas being a five hour drive from L.A., it seems like these people coming in from all across the nation are a lot more douchier than what I am accustomed to. I saw TWO incidents of domestic violence before my eyes during the middle of Friday. In Los Angeles, I would say statistically there was a lot more violence every year until it got banned from USC Coliseum. However, Californians have their own way of dealing with things. Basically, fight bare handed, and leave the scene, regardless of whether you won or lost. I personally, like that kind of politics more :D
5	Just experienced my first EDC, and it was worth every penny.It's unlike anything I have every seen or experienced.  Insomniac does a great job to transport you to what feels like another world.  Their stages are diverse and get bigger and more unique each year.TIPS:  VIP or GA:  I really feel VIP is NOT worth it.  Basically you get your own entrance and a lanyard.  The GA lines may look crazy, but move relatively quickly.  Plus the VIP sections are so far away from the stage (esp. the main stage).  I suppose it's cool to be slightly elevated and see everything.  But no one is dancing, and I personally want to be in the sea of people...the energy level is through the roof.Parking:  no matter what you do, be prepared to sit in your car for 1.5-2+ hours while trying to get out of EDC if you stay till the end (which you should anyways).  My group rented a car, which I feel is the best option.Locker:  Heavy recommend renting a locker for the 3 days and leaving behind something so you don't have to hassle with it at the security check points each day (ex. chap stick, extra shirts, etc.).  ***MAKE SURE YOU DOUBLE CHECK YOUR LOCK IS FULLY SECURE!***Stages:  Even if you're not a hardstyle person, I still recommend checking out the BassCon/Pod.  Easily the loudest and most hard hitting bass I have ever heard.  It literally shakes my entire body.During my 3 days, I didn't encounter anything negative.  So much to see and do that I wish it was 5 days long.  The line up was well balanced so I didn't feel torn between different stages.Can't wait for EDC LV 2014!
5	After attending all of the "EDClite" festivals (Wonderlands) that Insomniac puts on in SoCal, it was time to experience the granddaddy of them all. A brief scroll through the reviews on this page will give you a solid dose of "how good EDC was when ...". I offer my perspective as a first-timer, an adult, and a music lover.GETTING IN & OUTThe shuttle is the move here. Not just any shuttle - the Hard Rock shuttle was easily the shortest line out of all of the them. The masses waited in line in some cases for hours for their shuttles back to Cosmo, MGM, or wherever. The semi-intelligent ones got in the Hard Rock line, and cabbed it from there to their final destination. The really intelligent ones either stayed or parked at the Hard Rock.As far as I can tell, the 45-60 minute shuttle ride easily beat anyone's travel time that arrived at EDC by car.EVENT LAYOUTFor an event that reached as high as 115K people in single-day attendance (Saturday), this was incredibly manageable. My complaints for festivals have had to do with noise bleed between stages, sparse food options/restrooms, and difficulty finding the water refill stations. None of that applied here. It only took 10-12 minutes to walk from one end of the festival to the other, and along the way you could eat, drink, go on carnival rides (no tickets needed!), wander through art installations, or stop by a stage and enjoy the music and dancing. Another reviewer said it well - Insomniac really does transport you to another world.FOOD/DRINKThe refillable Insomniac canteen is also a good move here...especially for someone like me who arrived when doors opened at 7pm, and left close to closing around 5pm for each of the 3 days. I couldn't walk for more than 8 minutes without finding a refill station to top up my canteen - a lifesaver in this soul-sucking dry heat. The Insomniac vendor's pizza was worlds better (and cheaper!) than the venue's food window pizza. And bonus: any event that brings in Dippin' Dots is already at a 4-star minimum.SECURITYTight. Not like TSA tight - tighter than that. At least TSA lets in 3 oz bottles of pretty much anything. I had my travel size hand sanitizer and lotion discarded upon entry on Day 1. Even my earplugs were taken out and squeezed on Day 3. It was a common sight to see the LVPD wandering around the festival grounds, and emergency vehicles/stations were always close at hand. Insomniac knows what they're doing here.CROWDIn general, I maintain that festival crowds are infinitely superior to club crowds (the comparison being drawn here because clubs are likely the only other place you'll see these artists). That was true, to the nth degree, at EDC. In some ways it reminded me of college - not because of how much older than the attendees I felt (though I did, but not by as much as I thought), but because everyone seems thrilled just to have made it here. Because of the stage/s where I spent most of my time, I likely interacted with a slightly more "mature" cross-section of EDC attendees. The larger stages were very much party scenes, at times shoulder-to-shoulder with ragers, bros, and general revelers (and there's a place for that at EDC), but the smaller stages had more loyal followers who in many cases were more than capable of having intelligent conversations about the music that was being played. Of course, where the mainstage can be juvenile, the smaller stages can be pretentious. So the rule here? Be a generally cheerful person who seems to be happy to be there, and you're good...no matter what crowd you happen to be in the middle of.MUSICWe are totally spoiled in Southern California. Many of the headlining/bigger names are artists that have come through for club gigs and smaller festivals around here, and so I'd seen a good chunk of the lineup already.The thing is, seeing a DJ at EDC is fundamentally different than seeing them in a smaller event. An artists that I've seen twice, and been pretty lukewarm about, will blow my mind at EDC. It happened more than once this weekend. Many of them are essentially at their top form here. If you want to see electronic dance music performed (the combination of a spankin' sound system, dazzling light show and pyrotechnics) in its ultimate form, EDC is the destination.For a $270 ticket (+fees), I logged 34 artists that I saw. You do the math -- even if I only liked 4 out of 5 of them, it's still basically $10 a pop to see an artist in a world-class setting.It's officially off my bucket list, but I'm sure I'll find my way back to this little oasis.
5	WHAAAAAAAT!!!! My EDC cherry was poppped this year!! I actually never had any interest in going to this event... Then one evening I was out with friends and EDC came up into the conversation... EDC is so fun... It's all about the experience... We have an extra ticket...!!! Extra ticket??! UMMM OKAY I'm IN!!! So it's Friday night and we're on our way. No traffic. We finally arrive and park. After our journey through the parking lot we hit one check point... Then another check point and we are walking through... All of of sudden it gets dark and we enter... INTO ANOTHER UNIVERSE!!!! SERIOUSLY. Like NOTHING you would EVER expect!! The lights! The rides! The stages! The decor! It's nothing short of AMAZING!!!!!!!!!! I mean, if you don't experience it for yourself, you really have NO idea what it's like walking in there. There are TONS of people there but it doesn't feel THAT crowded. I mean, unless you are trying to see a Dj and pushing your way up into the crowd, then OBVIOUSLY it is crowded, but other than that, walking around or just chillin' in places isn't bad at all. One of the best parts, is the COOLING ROOM!!! Air Conditioning - literally a place to chill OUT!! LEAVING out of the EDC universe is BRUTAL as hell though!!! First you have to walk towards the exit which is probably a journey in itself and then you hit the stairs. OH DEAAAAR LORD, THE STAAAAAAAAAAAIRS!!!! I thought I was going to VOMIT!! when you get to the top though there is a concession stand so you can get some fresh ice cold water! Saturday night when we left I as like, OKAY but we have to take a break half way up! It wasn't a bad break either because sitting in the bleachers you can see EVERYTHING so it is freakin' AMAAAAAAAAAAAZING anyway. I TOTALLY FREAKIN' LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT EDC AND I AM SOOOOO GLAD I WAS CONVINCED TO GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	EDC was much more fun last year! But traffic was overall better this year.The setup of the stages changed.  It was way better last year, but I guess they changed it because of the winds.  The lights weren't as eye-catching either.It wasn't as packed this year as it was last year.  Might be partly due to the fact that no one day passes were sold?My friends who took the shuttle said it was worth it.  And that it definitely improved since last year.  My friends and I drove to EDC.  It was cake getting there and back, except on Saturday.  Saturday, it took nearly 2 hours getting out of the parking lot!  We learned from that night and left a little earlier on Sunday.The DJ line up was good!  The only one that stood out the most that I was getting tired of was Laidback Luke, unfortunately.  He kept playing similar beats over and over and over, I was getting bored to death!Lastly, those who threw up in the middle of nowhere were lame.  One girl just stopped and puked in the middle of the floor.  Way to make everyone move!  Such a waste of a good spot to hang.  I heard a friend of mine threw up randomly, and when she opened her eyes, she realized she threw up on some people.  So gross!!! and so sad!  If this includes one of you that she puked on, she is really really sorry!!!!
4	2013 was the first time I went to Electric Daisy Carnival, but it was not my first time attending an event thrown by Insomniac. When I was much younger and wilder, I attended Nocturnal Wonderland in California... And I had friends that attended EDC last year, so I had a general idea of what to expect from EDC. All of my expectations were met, there were no major disappointments.  In previous years, traffic was one of the biggest complaints people had about EDC. I remember hearing horror stories from friends that waited in traffic on Las Vegas Blvd for hours just trying to get into the parking lot. This year, the event organizers really did a good job of streamlining the flow in and out of the Speedway. We took the I-15 from the Strip area and in UNDER an hour, we were inside the venue. Once inside the Speedway, it was a bit of sensory overload. All the lasers, rides, performers and artwork were amazing... As much as I had been told about the EDC experience, it's really something that one needs to see with their own eyes, words do not do it justice.I was very impressed with how loud and bassy the music would be at one stage, but once you walked a few feet away, all you could hear was music coming from another stage. And the music! So many great DJs. Which you can see in various nightclubs on the Strip or perhaps in your hometown, but if you think the show will be anything like what they do for a crowd of 100k plus, you are lying to yourself!One thing I think Insomniac can improve upon, and a reason I am rating EDC 4 stars rather than 5, is the fact that they had multiple djs playing multiple days. With so many amazing djs performing at nightclubs and pool parties in Vegas during the same time period, it just seems lame to me to have someone playing a small stage one night and then the main stage the following night. Instead of having djs play multiple nights, Insomniac should do more to get more of the big name djs to perform at EDC.It would also be nice it something could be done to improve cell phone reception within the venue. I was able to send and receive texts while in the parking lot but once inside, no luck. And the nifty Insomniac app that included a map and set lists was worthless within the venue, since it wouldn't load. Prices for food and beverages were high ($5 for a bottle of water, $8 for a smoothie) but there was a really good selection of items to choose from. Buying the Insomniac canteen on day 1 was a wise decision, the lines to refill these were never long, I just wish the water had been a little colder. Overall, EDC was an amazing event that I am very happy that I attended. Even with skipping one night, I still felt like the money spent on tickets was well worth the amount of entertainment received.  There is a good chance I will attend again in the future.P.S. To my Las Vegas locals that don't go to these kind of events.. try not to hate too much on the tourists that come to our awesome city to party. I know, they bring traffic and some can be obnoxious.. They also fund our economy, which keeps many of you employed! Try to think about the big picture, not just focus on the inconveniences (many of which you can avoid if you try)!
2	As we all know Electronic Music is my favorite genre and wow did EDC this year disappoint... music wise. I found the DJs did not stay true to their own style but played 2-3 of their own songs and the rest just this crowd pleasing filler music. And it was the same from stage to stage. The vibe was all off this year as well. I miss raves when they were all about the music, not how slutty you can dress and get away with it. Dont get me wrong the production itself was outstanding and my boyfriend and i still had a fun time but for the music... it broke my heart. $10 beer and more vendors then DJs is not how EDC once was. And now it has extended to 2 weekends? The rave culture isnt supposed to be about capitalizing, its supposed to be about Peace Love Unity and Respect. WHERES THE PLUR PEOPLE!? Ill probably try to go one weekend next year and if i have a similar experience as this year it will be my last. sad considering ive been to EDC for the past 5 years straight.
3	What happened to PLUR?!?!  EDC has been raided by Bros and Hos and that's not cool.  Maybe I'm just becoming obsolete, old, and everyone coming here is getting younger but C'mon?  Peeps are ruder, bigger boobs, buffer, more juiced up, and that ain't right.  This is not the rave in my youth...sigh.   The music has gotten better, the DJs putting more phenomenal performances from the classics: Armin Van Buuren, Ferry Corsten, Tiesto to the new upstarts: Dash Berlin, Calvin Harris, Avicii.  That's what this is all about, amazing music from amazing musicians...It's just missing the Love, Unity, and Respect.  There may not be an EDC for me in the future if this keeps up, there's always Tomorrowland in Belgium.  C'mon peeps!  Get with the culture and program or go back to Jersey Shore...
5	EDC is the type of event that you HAVE TO experience... I don't think words can justify the insanity and love that goes on in this carnival. Even if you're not into EDM, this is just one massive party everyone in their 20's need to go before they get old and raise a family. Trust me, you must.  This is located next to an airforce base... there were soldiers checking in shuttles and taxis. Plus have you noticed helicopters circulating the speedway? It felt VERY SAFE. There were also tons of cops and workers all across the speedway making sure everyone is safe.EDM is only getting bigger, so tons of people including not so cool people are attending EDC. Yes the plur life felt pretty real in this carnival, but there were still douchebags (one guy threw a cigarette on my foot, he said sorry but that was pretty damn annoying and it took a lot to shrug it off with a smile) and sluts attending this event. This event exceeded my hype and expectations. Upon entering I almost cried trying to intake the entire carnival from the bleachers. There was just too much to do with 8 main stages, rides, foods, drinks, etc that I don't think 3 days is enough. I went only for 2 days (sold my Sunday pass for $100), thus I only paid $130 (got the early bird special for $230). WELL WORTH IT! Sensory overload from everything going on. The sets were so good: fireworks + lights + lasers + bass + music + great vibe from around... I don't know how to explain it...My boyfriend lost his cell phone but someone was nice enough to return it to lost & found (PLUR!). I called his phone the next day in case someone would answer, and yes, guest services from EDC answered! Hallelujah! We picked it up on EDC Saturday, but couldn't get it till the end (they didn't have his phone in the beginning, lame).. also the line for the lost and found was RIDICULOUS. At the end of the night, the booth was moved from lost&found to will call outside the venue after the event! The line was horribly controlled, people were cutting, took an hour and a half to get my BF's phone...The shuttle going home past 6am was RIDICULOUS. So bad, that we didn't arrive at our hotel till 9am. The line for Mandalay Bay (not even where we were staying, it was the shortest line at that moment) were the last ones to leave! I was so pissed! They need to improve upon evenly spreading out the shuttles per hotel. Anyways, excellent event. Insomniac did a great job providing to the massive 300,000 people attending this event. There were some flaws but overall, I was impressed at how organized and amazing this event was. I thought this would be my first and last EDC... nope. I want to go back next year!
5	Simply put, EDC was a magical experience! Insomniac surely delivered on their promise to provide a once in a lifetime experience to stimulate all of your senses. I often found myself standing in the sea of people in awe and memorized but the fantastic lights and the humming from the speakers!My field of expertise is the event industry and I have to say that I was impressed by the flow, ease and organization of the event itself. The fact that lines were never too too long (there will ALWAYS be lines, people) and getting most places was fairly fast. With 100K+ people, this is not an easy feat , but Insomniac pulled off flawlessly in my experience. Now onto production and line up! Being within the events industry, I was amazed at the staging, rigging, lighting, props and sound! The staging was evenly placed so that when the sound of one stage was drifting into the night air, you'd pick up the next stage's sound in an instant. There was no competition for sound and everything seemed to flow nicely. Line up was awesome.. seriously something for anyone with an interest in EDM. You could dance with the angels at kinetic field or down with the devils at BassCon, either way there was something to tickle your fancy and get your feet moving.My music interests are very widespread and I've been to many types of concerts, however you will never encounter a better crowd then the EDM folks. Call it hippie dippie, but I love me some PLUR. If someone bumps into you or steps on your toe, you can guarantee you will get a hug or at least a sincere apology. Exchanging kandi is always a fun way to meet new people and have an interesting conversation. If you're in the crowd and uh oh, you're out of water... yep, you bet some random stranger dancing next to you will give you a sip or even their whole bottle!Dressing up is a huge part of EDC and the more creative the better. You can theme it up with a group of friends or be a unique individual on your own. It fun taking pictures with outrageous costumes and an awesome compliment when people want to take pictures with you!The only negative thing I would say about EDC- which really isn't apart of the actual event - is the cell phone reception. Its terrible, if not non existent. I could very well do without my phone for a few hours a day and actually prefer it, however its definitely an inconvenience when you lose a certain friend EVERY single night you are there and you can't get a hold of them when you've arrived at your designated meeting spots... hahaAlso, traffic and parking has DRASTICALLY improved. I recommend if you've got a group... take a limo. we were in and out of EDC to and from the strip in 30-45 minutes top!
5	This year (2013) is my first time going to EDC. In fact, it is my first time at a massive rave. It was an experience unlike any other, and it felt like Disneyland... for adults! The dazzling lights, funky music, crazy carnival rides and fantastic art pieces come together so magically to make every night an unbelievable one.There is no lack of things to do. Apart from the amazing line up at the different stages, there is also a wide array of drinks, food and merchandise stalls. You can chill under the giant daisy artwork, or you could hop onto a thrilling roller coaster or zipper ride that might send you running for the trashcan :P Trust me, you will be duly entertained from sunset to sunrise.The line up is also pretty strong, and extremely worth it for the price of the ticket. The shuttle service was really bad on the first night, but it improved on the second and third night. Kudos to the shuttle service team for the fast response and improvement!Also, I have to comment that for such a large turnout, the bathroom service was actually decent enough. Most of the portable toilets start to run out of toilet paper or hand sanitizer towards the end of the night, but still, most were decent enough! Some tips: - Bring your own toilet paper- Drink lots of water. It is VERY important to hydrate, especially with the crappy Vegas desert weather.- Ear plugs might be necessary at some stages- Leave the cell phones behind since you can barely get any reception! To be honest, I expected EDC to be a lot more wild than what I've experienced this year. I guess the security team did a good job at searching everyone :P EDC is an experience like no other, and I definitely look forward to coming back again next year... and the year after next.... :)PLUR!!
5	EDC is the best rave I have ever been to! It's not so much of a rave as it is a carnival. I have never been to EDC before, LA or LV, but this definitely tops all other EDM events I have ever been to!Thousands of people and there is still plenty of room all over the venue. The wait for the bathroom never exceeded 1 person ahead of me, and they havr hand sanitizer in the stalls! Lots of cool things to check out like art work, rides, fun houses, lights, etc. There is something for everyone. Free water refilling stations, its easy to get water! A bottle of water costs $5 on friday, $6 on saturday, & then back to $5 on sunday. Fresh fruit, popcorn, indian tacos, smoothies, the list goes on and on!Parking is free, but beware if you leave at the end, expect massive traffic. The police when you leave though do nothing but direct traffic and talk to eachother so feel free to cram 8 people into 5 seater. I've seen it happen and the police just sit and watch.The security at the entrance took my unopened pack of gum even though their website said you can bring in unopened packs of gum. The secutity simply said "no candy." What a waste of money. They should really know what their job is because from what I have sern no one really knows what they are doing or cares. Ask a question and the most common response I get is "I don't know."Overall, I still had a lot of fun. The music and the people you go with are all that matters! Police with candy. I won't get over that one. Until next year EDC!
5	Thank you for cleaning up your act insomniac! Last year I was a bit disappointed on many different levels with the way edc turned out.. This year was a different story.First off... Production was amazing this year! Amazing artwork, stages were over the top (they had a gigantic owl at the main stage that was trippin me out), and the lighting just made me feel like I was on a different planet. It was all an orgasm for the human eye. Music was well rounded this year. Although I love my trance and was sad about there not being an ASOT stage like last year, I was not at all disappointed with the DJs that were brought in. Of course not everyone is going to be pleased by the line ups for one reason or another, but it really did seem like insomniac tried to cater towards many interests and not just one. Bottom line... I think all attendees found at least one stage/DJ they enjoyed.Free water refill stations are always a great addition, and it helped to have chill and upbeat volunteers for working them. Plenty of bathrooms for people. Even with the thousands and thousands of people there, the wait never exceeded 5 minutes. Overall, I say this was one of my favorite years attending edc. PLUR people, nice workers, and plenty of space to walk around. I loved the additional rides too! And now the waiting period beings for next year...
3	2.5 starsOh EDC you have lost your charm.This year was my fourth EDC and I am sad to say the festival is on the decline. Lets start with the good:-The shuttle was a lot more organized than the previous 2 years. Going back and forth from the strip to the speedway never took more than a hour.-The stage design and sound quality for basscon and cosmic meadow were great.-Fireworks actually synced up with the music at Kinetic Field.-The line for GA was relatively short. We had VIP and only had to wait 5-10 mins for our GA friends to get in.-Free water.-Great lineup as usual.Now onto the bad-VIP section in Kinetic field only had 3 restroom trailers and 1 porto potty. The line for the VIP restroom was about 20-30 mins. Some of my friends had to go out of VIP and use the porto potties because the line was so long. We paid extra to not use those.- EDC is first and foremost is a concert, focus on the stage and sound before worrying about all the other novelties. Broken LED screens in Kinetic field is unacceptable!-With all the money you are making insomniac you should be trying to innovate rather than copy. Kinetic field felt like a wannabe tomorrowland with a big owl blocking the LED screen.-Why save all your lasers and other lighting's for the last 2 hours?? If you want to show the full capabilities of the stage during the night owl experience, the smart thing would be to have it on the first day instead of saving it for the second to the last act.-Fireworks were not as good as last year and there were no skydivers. With the ticket costs increasing you should be outdoing yourself every year, not taking steps back.-The vibe feels completely different, I had fun with the group I went with and met a feel cool people. But it seems like the "bros" are taking over.Maybe its because I had too high of an expectation coming into this, maybe its because its my 4th EDC. But i will eat sleep rave repeat somewhere else next year.
5	When people ask me how was EDC? incredible is the only word I can come up with, and even that barely says anything. A it's a whole other landscape of reality that embraces all styles of the Electronic Dance Music world and the headliners who love it. For me it was home. Getting here, I understand, that the smart money is taking a shuttle pass. But in my case we decided to drive to the location and of course made rookie mistake of taking the freeway just like everyone else. The trick is to just take Las Vegas blvd all the way down, it'll be an easy 30 minute ride from the strip. The parking itself wasn't terrible, just expect a bit of a walk afterwards. And getting into the even was simple as long as you don't use Entrance Gate A, that's where everyone and the shuttle riders get dropped off. The rumors circulating that Insomniac dropped 35 million on  this event where undeniable. All the stages, performers, pyrotechnics,  and art displays where incredible sites to behold. I even got to meet Nigel Ficke (I really hope that picture never pops  up ahaha)! Ground Control, the volunteer assist group, always brought the energy and free waters to those in need. I was rather sad to read some earlier reviews from Yelpers that had run -ins with people that brought the bad vibes, but from my experience I saw nothing of the sort. Everyone was all high fives and hugs that actively made efforts to make one feel at home, it was unlike an other.  All the artists where phenomenal, and with such a vast array spanning across many stages I was able to catch my favorites while discovering new ones (Circuit Grounds, Cosmic Meadow, and Basspod stole the show)! I left this place believing that it's true haven and the ultimate pilgrimage for any EDM fan (alongside Tomorrowland). One of the only bones I have to pick is that certain artists decided to reside at the clubs that come out the Speedway that! Till next year!
5	EDC is a life destination that everyone needs to visit at least once. Now I've been to multiple festivals, some big some little and EDC is one of my favorites by far. It's one of the most amazing mixes of music and art and freedom. My first edc, I didn't know what to expect. I had seen the videos but those don't even compare. When you walk thru the arches there's just a palpable energy in the air. You feel happy and everyone has a happy vibe. When you're inside, you're in a whole different world. There's music, rides food people watching, costumes. And when the lights go dark,it gets insane!!!! EDC always has a sick lineup and most folks would agree with that. You're on your feet all night dancing and interacting and having fun. It's so intense that you don't even realize how much time passes until you look up and realize that the sun is out. As with everything, there are a few negatives; with it coming to Vegas and becoming so massive, you do encounter some non PLUR people. Basically your typical out of towners who wanna show off in Vegas and see edc as the biggest stage. The traffic leaving after the event is pretty bad, although they did improve greatly this year compared to 2012. And the cell service is pretty horrible inside, but that's to be expected with 125,000 people in such a small area. But overall, if you go to edc with an open mind and ready to have fun you will. And even though there's VIP passes, I don't think they're necessary. It's a smaller area and you get a better view on a seperate platform, but the real party is being with the crowd and having a blast. And insomniac is definately a great company that always is receptive to customer feedback and Pasquale rotella is one of the heads of company who appears to be more than just talkHope to see everyone next year. PLUR!!!!!!
4	If you are even remotely into EDM, enjoy partying and dressing up, you will have a blast!I've only been twice; 2012 and 2013 so I will be comparing these two experience to each other.The overall event was much more enjoyable his year. Except for the fact that the ticket price increased (paid third-tier $275 last year, $333 this year) for the same length, there were some stark improvements this year.Parking/traffic: not nearly as horrendous. If you stay until at least 5am, you will hit at least 2 hour traffic to get out of the parking lot (where 50 "lanes" merge into 4 and there's one guy standing at the gate who randomly points at a car to exit). Last year half our group had to sleep in their car from 1-7am after high winds shut down the event, waiting for traffic to be manageable. While they have improved the traffic situation, there is still room to further improve. In general, we arrived at the Speedway earlier and left later this year, also influencing the amount of congestion we encountered. No waiting in traffic on the way to the event this year. Security: Quick and easy the first two days; treated like a felon on the third. Unlike last year, the security was pretty inconsistent. On day 2, we specifically asked staff conducting the security/bag checks if we could bring our DSLR since we saw them allowing them into the event. They said it was fine. Day three comes around and suddenly it was not okay. We argued our case to the "head of security" and even pointed out other attendees continuing into the event with their DSLR cameras, cleared through the security check! They enforce the rules for some and not others. Head of Security was extremely unprofessional; He referenced the need to keep his staff safe so that's why they decided to not let cameras in on day 3. How does that make sense? He called one girl in our group "retard" and felt the need to explain that he "used to be cop from Inglewood". Not sure why he felt the need to say that; he obviously didn't know he was talking to a group from Stockton, CA. Chump. Music/DJs: Non-stop music from 7pm-530am. No real complaints about the music.  Most DJs are slotted for an hour, some up to 1.5 hours. Some don't begin performing on time so their set is more like 45 mins. I would prefer fewer DJs but longer sets. If you are trying to see all the DJs you want to see, there's a good chance several of them will be playing at overlapping times on different stages. Plan for at least 40 minutes between enjoying one DJ and the next, depending on which stage. By the time you leave, stop for water, trek to the next stage, make sure all of your group is following, shove your way to a decent spot with prolific apologies, you'll be able to enjoy about 30 mins. of the DJs 1 hour set before you have to leave and do it all over again. I agree with the complaints with another reviewer about DJs having 2 performances on 2 different stages on different days. This felt cheap and like Insomniac cares more about quantity over quality. Stages: Instead of the usual metal scaffolding with giant screens, EDC 2013 really amped up the stage designs. Circuit grounds added vertically-moving led displays on the ceiling, kinetic displayed a true wonderland with giant neon mushrooms and owl animatronic. The stage was extended to one's peripheral vision. More led displays, lights, lasers, pyrotechnics, and bass at every stage. All were significant additions that served to heighten and diversify the sensory experience. Art/performers/rides: Just like in 2012, I feel we missed out on seeing many of the carnival performers. We only saw them on day 3 at the Night Owl Experience and at one set at circuit grounds. Seems like there were more electric art installations this year. Electric daisy was bigger and taller. More rides. Four ferris wheels. Wedding Chapel.Attendees: Crowded as hell! Crowd seemed a little different this year. While I do agree with another reviewer's observation about the rise of the "bro" scene at EDC, I also noticed quite a few attendees significantly older than the average age of typical attendees. We spotted a rather conservatively-dressed mom escorting her son and older couples (40+) sporting scanty outfits to rival any pastie-wearing 19-year-old. More racial diversity this year, too. Still experienced the almost foolish friendliness from others that only comes with ravers. Even the cops were plurring.Overall, an absolute mind-blowing experience incomparable to any other. 2013 was bigger, brighter, louder, easier to travel to, more crowded and MORE EXPENSIVE! Best fireworks I've seen. Most importantly, this event is really what you make of it. Maximize your experience by planning early with your group.Suggestions: Continue improving traffic/parking, stabilize ticket prices, fewer DJs with longer sets, enforce rules/security consistently!
5	Electric Daisy Carnival you are magical.IMO this is the King of all EDM festivals. The light show, the sound quality, the props and design was simply breath-taking. I had attended EDC Chicago was told quite a few time by family members that it was nothing compared to EDC LV and I believed them, but still thought EDC Chicago was pretty cool with the light show and magical Daisy. Arriving at EDC LV I was already holding my breath due to the massive look of the speedway, holy cow it had to be 10x bigger than Chicago! Once we got through security and everyone was ready to go my excitement multiplied 10 folds! I was seriously like a kid in a candy store, couldn't wait to see what's in store for me! My oh my! My first view of EDC LV I was speechless, the view from the entrance was electric! So freaking Awesome! One of my cousins said, "See Rosie! Told you EDC LV is sickkkkk!" My first walk into EDC LV will be something I will never forget. Incredible.Our group had a 3-Day pass and all 3-Day we danced and raged the night away. I danced so much that on Sunday my ankles were kankles, swollen. The DJs "got us falling in love again" and that they did! My favorite sets had to be Calvin Harris (although I'm bias because I love this man!), Bingo Players, and Dash Berlin, but honestly there were so many fantastic sets! This placed is packed! We lost a few people throughout the 3-Days since there was so many people it's crazy! Cell service is lackluster, it goes in and out a lot. Parking was a breeze. We parked in Lot B/C and got out within 10-15 minutes every time, while those parked in A could of waited up to 2 hours to get out!Costumes, daisies, and bright neon outfits are the essentials here. Definitely take a step out of your comfort zone and dress the part, there's absolutely no judging! I love seeing all different costumes from super heroes to cartoon characters. However, my favorites are always the simple daisies and bright color outfits. After 3 enchanting days we had to part ways, but EDC LV ,you will definitely be in the memory books. An unforgettable weekend with so many great memories to share. Thanks for the magical experience.
5	Saturday night under the infinite darkness and the watchful eye of the electric daisy, Mat Zo spooled up "Rebound" told a crowd of tens of thousands that he "stole this song from Will.I.Am." The swell of hands and voices and hearts told us that, in that moment, we were one and the same. Moving at the speed of light past Porter Robinson and "Easy", to chopped and screwed Daft Punk to the rolling 808 kick of the robot duo's brand new "Contact", I was surrounded by bonds that ran thicker than blood, that were they themselves surrounded by friendships forged unmet, and as synth lines unfolded like origami in my head and a pink elephant teetered onstage amidst mirrorball-clad acrobats and a million starlights exploded before my eyes beneath a fleet of LED-bedecked Imperial Star Destroyers, I raised my hands to the electric sky and wept neon tears.Pro-tips: leave yourself time to get from set to set, take breaks and hit the water stations at every opportunity. Check out the rides early in the night if you want to do them, and the other attractions (psychedelic tent, light painting) can be done at your leisure. Renting a car is way better than doing the shuttle if you have a small group. I-15 from the Strip will get you there, parked and on the grounds in less than an hour. The event staff will try to steer you toward a certain lot but try to ask politely and get a spot by either Gate A or Gate G (these are the rear entrances to the grounds). Parking in these lots will seriously cut down your exit time because the lots by the front gates (B, C, D and E) will try to funnel all the cars toward the I-15 exit, creating 2+ hour waits. The rear gates exit toward Las Vegas Boulevard North, which you can ride all the way back to the Strip. Can't wait for next year!
5	My first time going to EDC and it was completely out of this world! It was a mind blowing experience that I will never forget! The best 3 days of my life!  Before going a lot of people told me it would be awesome so I had pretty high expectations and they were all completely blown away by the experience. It is a complete fantasy world in every sense you can imagine. The best edm music and Djs, hot ass girls and guys, awesome visuals and fireworks, food, drinks, rides, etc! it is soo much fun! There are so many cool things to do and see you feel like you wont have time to do it all. You literally forget about everything back home once you get inside! Walking in for the first time ever was ridiculously amazing! You will not believe your eyes when you see it for the first time! It is indescribable! Then once the first day is over, all you can think about is going back later that night to do it all over again and again! It is an amazing feeling you get once you experience EDC. You will thank yourself over and over and over for going and experiencing EDC. The closing edc set by Dash Berlin as the sun rises was an epic experience that left me counting down the days till EDC 2014!! EDC I love you!!
5	I have to say that the money that I paid for these 3 days was worth every penny. I'd venture to say that my EDC experience was probably the best experience I've ever had in my life. I'm a huge fan of EDM and so I was in EDM heaven. ALL of the sets that I happened to catch were amazing and there is absolutely nothing bad that I can say about my experience.Dancing and running around from 7pm to about 7am for 3 days really wears you out and it completely messes up your sleep schedule, but I don't regret it one bit. I absolutely want to go again and I hope that it's happening in 2014. I'm definitely buying my tickets the moment they go on sale.I saw groups like Bingo Players, Porter Robinson, Hardwell, Mat Zo, Nero, Calvin Harris, Dog Blood, Major Lazer, Krewella, the line-up was just amazing. Anyone who's anyone (though not everyone goes, I was very bummed that Zedd didn't make it out) is there. If you enjoy EDM you'll enjoy it no matter what.
5	2013!!!!! First year going.  Such a fun experience for EDM fans. Rides, friendly people (once you go you'll probably figure out why), and great water stations. If you're planning to go research on reddit and other websites on things to bring. I took the shuttle and the wait was pretty bad...mostly because I had to pee and I wanted to sleep and I stayed until the end all 3 nights. Your sleep will get messed up--I didn't see the strip at night until Monday night because I stayed an extra day in Vegas. Sleep during the day, get electrolytes in, and eat healthy.Lots of places to sit down and rest up too. That was the only thing I really worried about. Cell phone will not work well, so try not make the huge daisy your meet up spot because everyone is meeting there!
3	This was my first  ever EDC and obviously I trekked over from the East Coast to come party rave style in Vegas! I love EDM and I love Las Vegas, so this was a perfect reason for my friends and I to take yet another trip to Vegas. The line up this year, was great!!! There were plenty of DJ's I wanted to see! Avicii, Armin, Hardwell, Tiesto, Afrojack... just to name a few (of my faves hehe). Unfortunately for me, I could not make it all three days and only came for the first two nights. If you plan on coming to EDC LV next year, leave early if you don't have a bus pass. We rented a car and it was fine. Make sure you set up meeting points and meeting times, because well damn, there is no cell phone service here. NONE!!!!!!! So, needless to say... this little problem caused our group a tad bit of stress. Before the second night, we at least figured out a "fool proof" system. Yeah, it's easy forget with all the lights, streamers, and smoke that you are indeed, still in the middle of the dessert and not some magical neon land with continual booty shaking/ fist pumping music that only stops at dawn. It was fun, and definitely something to cross off my EDM bucketlist. Cool visuals, I stayed mostly by the main stage and got to chill with the moving Owl. I loved the fireworks and streamers as well! Some guy even asked me and my friend if we thought that this party could be seen from space... lol!I was slightly taken aback by how many almost naked people showed up for EDC. I guess I am not used to the whole rave scene and usually only enjoy EDM from a club setting. All I have to say is that I saw way too much cellulite and jiggly butt cheeks to last me a lifetime. Everything is cash only and it's so pricey to keep those vodka red bulls coming! It's hard to keep a balance to stay hydrated / drunk but also not have to pee in the never ending lines around the port-a-potties. Thankfully, my friend and I had early-bird tickets. However, if you purchased tickets second hand, the price tag was certainly hefty. Add on the fees on either renting a car, or paying for the party shuttles and then drinks and food you might buy at the place... you're in for your wallet to look a little dry. Well, at least the rides are included!
5	Fuck yeah.  I can review music festivals! Vegas is already a giant amusement park for adults. Mix some dope ass electronic music, kandi, carnival rides, and a shitton of lights and speakers and you have created the ultimate amazeballs experience for any youthful individual.  When walking through the tunnel for the first time you don't even know what hit you.  As someone who goes to a lot of shows and festivals this was truly one of those "holy fuck is this real?" types of experience. Just about every DJ/producer I wanted to see there was there with the exception of Daft Punk and Kaskade this year.  Wasn't too upset though because everything else was so great.  I lost my friends, I made new ones.  I lost those friends, I made even more new ones.  That is the great thing about these festivals.  Everyone is so friendly.  My advice is to check out some new sets from DJs you have never heard of. You may find something new and amazing.  Try to take an organized bus or private shuttle from one of the hotels (we used Jus College).  Lastly, and most importantly do not leave early.  Stay till sunrise.  It is these magical small moments that you will remember for the rest of your life.  Enjoy these beautiful moments with beautiful people and rave on. Yes, I stole that thought process from A&B.
5	An epic mark in my life that will always be amazing, and wonderful for years to come. A must go for all those that just don't want to settle just yet. Like me! It will be worth your money and time. I mean it's Vegas in the summer! What else can you ask for!
4	I just bought my ticket for EDC 2014, and it made me reminiscence about EDC 2013...and that brought me here! I hope my review can show you future EDC 2014 goers what to expect, both good and bad.First off, if you find yourself balking at the ticket price, I'm going to let you know that it's worth every penny.  I didn't fully realize this until I walked into the venue and found myself at the top of the bleachers staring at the expanse of the speedway, over what is essentially everyone's playground for the next three nights.  The production level is through the roof! You can tell that Pasquale and his team really cares about the experience of the headliners (what they call us festival goers).  The speedway is transformed into a LED lit wonderland. There is something for every EDM lover here.  Each stage is lovingly designed to have great visual impact, and the sound quality is amazing.  There was even a roving stage shaped like a boombox.   There is always something to do or see.  If you no longer feel like dancing crazily to music, you can take a break by going to the multitude of carnival rides, exploring around the art installments, watching the parade, or even just sitting down in the grass and talking to new people.  Don't be shy, most people will jump at the chance to talk to a stranger during some downtime.  Heck, you can even get "married!" Even though it's three days, I still don't feel like I had enough time to see everything the festival had to offer.If you're worried about crowds, the only times you will run into anxiety-inducing amounts of people are at the front of the larger stages and maybe at the shuttle line.  I personally don't need to be right up there at the fence, actually it's less fun to me because there's no room to dance.  Even though a massive number of people go to EDC, they end up spreading pretty evenly across the Speedway.  The reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 was the shuttle fiasco on Day 2.  They wouldn't let anybody line up for the shuttles for a half hour or so (not sure why), and the crowd got visibly restless.  Things got pretty un-PLUR.  The Insomniac team handled it as best they could and handed out waters to everyone, but there must have been a way to avoid doing that altogether.  But experience is knowledge, and I fully expect to not have that problem this upcoming year.  Other cons of the experience can be avoided pretty easily.  The food and water prices are, like any festival, exorbitant.  If you want to avoid the $5 water bottle price, buy the Insomniac branded canteen beforehand (~$10) to get free refills at the water stations.  As for food, I made sure to eat a hefty meal before entering the venue.  Hate port-a-potties? Well, you're kind of out of luck there, but I never experienced long lines because they placed so many bathroom stations throughout the venue. Tips to optimize your experience:* Go with a small group that shares your interests.  You may look cool rolling in 20 deep with your posse, but it's not as fun when you spend the majority of the time disagreeing on what stage to go to.* Put your valuables in something secure like a fannypack or backpack.  Your pockets are not safe! It's quite easy to forget about your phone when you're jumping around, and by the time you realize it fell out, often it will be too late.* Prepare your body for the beating it's about to take, especially if this will be your first rave.  Don't underestimate partying from sundown to sunup for three days in a row.  If you're also buying tickets for dayclubs in the morning, yeaaah good luck with that.* Don't stick to the plan! The day I had the most fun was when we had a very loose schedule of who to see.  Instead, we wandered around to places we would not have gone had we been rushing to see another artist.  * Don't choose The Daisy as your meetup spot. Just don't do it.Basically, Insomniac provides everything you need to have the experience of a lifetime, just bring your good vibes and be prepared to eat, sleep, rave, repeat.
5	Amazing 3 days, this was my first rave. Had a blast EDC 2013
5	It was probably one of my top 10 favorite memories of my whole life. The best rave experience ever!!! Heres my review,EDC isn't cheap. I feel that the experience that you get from it is well worth it especially if you go with great people. If you're not already living in Vegas you have to also pay for Hotel and Transportation. It's best to share a hotel with a group then the Vegas Hotels will be a lot cheaper. I suggest that you book your Hotels way in advance because they do fill up. Using Hotwire or Priceline would be the best way to get the cheapest deals.Tickets,The tickets are hard to get especially if you want to buy early bird tickets. They literally run out in seconds. Its expensive. My ticket was 275 and thats getting hooked up my a friend. I know some people who paid 350+ for their tickets. BUT don't worry, you definitely experience a one in a lifetime experience. Venue,The venue is perfect with the amount of people that are going. I think they counted the amount of participants was 300,000 people. This is the biggest rave in the WORLD. The  Motor Speedway is perfect. Its literally packed. The stages are amazing equipped with amazing lights!! The main stage in 2013 was the biggest stage I've seen in any music event. It was a 360 degree light show!!! There are other smaller stages besides the main stage that cater to other styles of EDM like Dubstep and Hardstyle. There are carnival rides that you can ride. Food there is Carnival food like Hot Dogs, Nachos, etc. FREE WATER!!! FREE WATER!!! FREE WATER!!! FREE WATER!!!  so i recommend bringing a camel pack. They sell souvenirs if you want to buy some.The people there are very friendly but I must say PLUR isn't strong as it was back in 2007. We need to change that people. Seriously. We got to keep that going!!Lines and Traffic,Considering there were thousands of people that are going... the traffic was REALLY REALLY FAST!! they really stepped it up in 2013. The years before people would wait for HOURS... yes HOURS!!! in traffic... but in 2013 we didnt experience any heavy traffic. We just simply drove to the raceway and they helped us with where we should park.Entering the Venue is fast too.. Unless you have your Tickets on Standby... We had a few friends that had their tickets in stand by and we waited more than an HOUR until they got their tickets. This was probably my only complaint. There was a small wait when going to the bathroom if you go in between each Superstar DJ. but if you don't mind missing part of the superstars set then you literally just go straight to the portable and enter the bathrooms. The portables were separated by sexes so it prevents any type of harmful situation. I like this idea.  All in all the best rave ever... If you really love EDM music then you'll really love EDC.
5	All I can say is AMAZING!  I'm so glad I bought my ticket last year. I was hesitant at first because it seemed like a lot of money, but it was totally worth it. I recommend buying the reusable insomniac water bottle for $10 unless you wanna get ripped off and pay $5 for one Dasani each night. The rides are really cool but usually have long lines. There's tons of portapotties everywhere so you don't have to worry about waiting for the restroom. The food is okay. But the sets, displays, and shows are amazing! You should definitely buy a shuttle pass too because it make life so much easier. It was an incredible experience so I had to buy my ticket for this year :)
5	OK, the time has come, for me to review the most magical place on earth.  EDC is not a rave.  It's not a concert.  I'm not even sure I'd call it a festival.  It's an adventure, and an experience you'll never forget.   Every year there are imperfections and hiccups with traffic, weather, etc, but none of that has ever taken away my love for EDC.If you love EDM:  The music here is unreal.  Every artist brings their "A game" to put on an amazing set.  I've discovered some of my favorite artists and new songs here, and heard music that will never be recorded or heard anywhere else (thanks Porter Robinson!)  The lineup is incredible every year, so no matter who your favorites are, the majority of them are bound to be playing.  The ones you haven't heard of yet are sometimes the best, so don't forget to wander from stage to stage considering you have 3 whole nights to do so.If you love to dance:  The amount of open space makes me so damn happy!  If you get claustrophobic in clubs and big crowds like me, no need to worry at EDC!  Every stage has ample room to get your groove on without the fear of an elbow to the face.If you love pretty lights:  (yes he will probably be there)  But seriously, the light installations are UN.  REAL.  My personal favorite is the tunnel of color changing lights you can walk through (O M G).  The monstrous daisies are also pretty incredible, and every year there's something new that's mind-alteringly beautiful.If you love a good sunrise:  One of the best parts of EDC is seeing the sunrise while listening to your favorite music.  At first, you freak out when you realize it's new day, but then you bask in the glory of watching the sun come up while having the time of your life.  If you love PLUR:  You will meet some truly amazing people at EDC.  Some of them might seem "different" than you or who you're used to, but isn't that the beauty of it?  If you keep an open mind you will be amazed at who you end up meeting and spending your weekend with.  Trading kandi is fun! And don't forget, strangers are just friends you haven't met yet :)Lastly, if you don't like any of those things, don't go to EDC.  I hate to rant on the scene getting too "mainstream", but it's the reasons above that this event is so magical.  If the music, beauty, and PLUR lifestyle don't do it for you, no need to attend.#PLISM peace.  love.  insanity.  sparkles.  music.
5	Coming from Hawaii, EDC was amazing and 1000000x better than music festivals down here! The stage, the lights, the people make it one bomb ass weekend to remember! Although pricy, I say it is worth every penny! Especially since you can see a lot of top DJ's in one fun fulfilling weekend.One thing I disliked was the portable bathrooms! Disgusting and they don't stock the toilet tissues!!!! But I guess that's how it is for every event. Also, we ended up taking the private shuttles and limos just to avoid traffic if we were to drive ourselves. For a group of  9 we were always charged 25$ a person plus tip one way. We should have just ordered shuttle passes( in which we are doing this year ! ) The people there are really friendly as well. They live up to the "PLUR" expectations. No drama, just straight up fun! When you accidentally bump into someone, or push yourself through the crowd to the front, no one pushes you or tries to bitch you out. Oh! And who can forget the lights? Kinetic field was awesome! The lights on the ceiling has that sort of effect as if it's coming down on you, and when the beat drops... Ah it's like heaven. Plus a firework show every night. My favorite DJ's of 2013 was Laidback luke, and Dash Berlin. Can't wait for EDC 2014!
1	The festival was awesome. The shuttle bus service was worthless. I never do reviews but this is ridiculous and is becoming a safety hazard. I got in line for the shuttle bus back to my hotel and have been waiting for 3 hours and there has only been 1 bus. There are a couple hundred people in my line alone and people are packed into a tight area with no water and no bathrooms. It's hot and the people are becoming agitated and seem like they might break down the gates and raise hell soon. The festival is great, but take a taxi.
4	Pros:-Probably the best and largest rave in the west coast, comparable to UMF.  Except it's better cause it's from dusk to dawn.-awesome stages and huge venue, they pump a lot of money into how the stages look and decorations.  Right when you walk down from the entrance, if you enter through the main entrances that take you down the bleachers.  It's breathtaking how massive this massive is.-free water, just buy a water bottle for $5 or an insomniac bottle and keep refilling, only downside is that the refilling stations are kind of inconvenient to get to.-best selection of dj's!  There's really almost something for everyone.Cons:-parking, holy crap parking is ridiculous.  It's so unpredictable, 2013 parking was fine.  2014, on the other hand, was ridiculous.  No organization what so ever, imagine an acre large parking lot full of cars trying to exit out of what, three exit.  Thousands of pissed off and irritated drivers trying to leave, it took over an hour just to get out.  Ridiculous!  It was a car accident waiting to happen, but at least it was free.-$5 for a dinky little cup of ice....really??!!  Might as well buy a bottle of water for that rate.-porta potty bathrooms, it's disgusting how gross these things get and good luck trying to find one with toilet paper towards the end of the rave.-water refill station is no where near the larger stages, kinetic field or circuit grounds, however they have plenty of tents where you can buy water from.  It's all about the money.-long entry and search lines, you've been warned, plan ahead.Tips:-bring a small tissue pack or baby wipes and hand sanitizer.  The bathrooms are horrible and disgusting and chances are they won't have toilet paper by the end of the night.  Finding a porta potty with toilet paper is like finding gold.-everything has to be sealed and even then it depends on who is checking you, if you can even bring them in.  Some checks allow sealed water bottles, chapstick, etc and some don't so it's really the luck of the draw sometimes. -bring cash-bring a towel or something to sit on when you get tired unless you don't mind your pants getting super dirty from sitting on the floor.It's Vegas which means it's super hot even during the night so expect to see shirtless guys and girls who think that pasties and a thong are appropriate attire.  They sell a variety of foods, drinks (both alcoholic and non) and merchandise.I feel like EDC gets more expensive with each passing year and it gets more and more crowded.  However, despite all the things that go wrong, EDC is something that you will definitely remember for the rest of your life, whether it be good memories or bad.  There really is no beating that feeling of first walking into EDC and looking down at the sheer massiveness of it.
4	Electric Daisy Carnival is not just a destination, a place, a celebration, a setting, or a music festival. It's a life changing experience, an adventure... a magical wonderland! It was an ethereal, surreal journey. This year EDC is my first and I would not change it in any other way because of the memories we created together with friends and the new. So much fun/cool experience! There is no way I can describe EDC because you have to be there in order to feel the experience with other 350,000+ people. The goods: -The largest rave in America stretched out approx. 1.5-2 miles apart with over 350,000+ attendees. Holy. -Spectacular decors and stage set ups. I loved the Kinetic Field set up the most! That celestial castle mimicked Little Mermaid's castle of gold or Disney's Sleeping Beauty castle or some form of cathedral structure! Very remarkable and incredible. THE LIGHT INSTALLATIONS ARE PHENOMENAL! Now I can understand why Insomniac spent over $35 million dollars+ toward the productions. -It goes from dusk to sunrise. -Free water, but the line can be cruel-some. Stay hydrated please!-65+ carnival rides are fun to ride with your friends and make good memories. -The artists! Hardwell, Tiesto, Calvin Harris, Dash, Avicii, Kaskade, Carnage, Alesso, and all of the biggest EDM DJs you know. -You'll meet some of the friendliest people on the planet. I got to PLUR with some of amazing new friends! -THE FIREWORKS. -The bads: -Beer is overpriced.. $8 for a can of Budlight? -No cell signal, so don't rely on catching receptions. Bring some walkie talkies.-Parking. It's the worst when trying to get out of Speedway. -Traffic. It takes minimum of 45 minutes to 4 hours to get to the carnival from the Strip. -Running out of toilet papers in the rest rooms, so bring some for yourself. All in all, I had the best experience with friends I will forever cherish! This is something everyone in their 20s should experience once in their lifetime.Thank you Pasquale Rotella, CEO and Founder of Insomniac Productions, for making this happen every year. It was literally the BEST WEEKEND OF MY LIFE surrounded with good and positive vibes. Rolling bowling balls. Awesome kandis. Oh my gawd, awesome DJs. PLUR. Sleep is for the weak. #insomiac. EAT SLEEP RAVE REPEAT!See you next year under the electric sky!
4	Good Things1) Traffic seems to be way more organized, LVMPD cops are alot better at funneling traffic in and out of event parking zones since 2011. Although the rush to the exit still looked like a angry army of mice battling their way to a mountain of cheese, AKA, some serious road rage going on around me (see bad things).2) People seem to be taking into account my advice/tip I left last year, showing the good, getting in and out FAST area to park beside the Interstate-15 and Speedway Blvd Exit. Good! But I wish that all of the angry road-raging people that parked in the same lot as us would kindly leave and parked somewhere else at the start of each day.3) Although there were alot more headliners that I WISHED CAME BACK (Tritonal, EDX, Deadmau5, etc.) I understand that one of the main points of Electric Daisy Carnival is to showcase new or not widely known talent. That being said, I loved the performances provided by attending big names such as Dash Berlin, The Glitch Mob, Gareth Emery, Knife Party, Madeon, Arty and Kaskade. I also enjoyed the acts provided by talent I hadn't heard of experienced of yet (not "not widely known" acts in general, just ones I never heard of), such as Flosstradamus, 3Lau, Bixel Boys, Syn+Cole, Martinez Brothers, and Oliver. I will be subscribing to their Podcasts soon to experience more of it, if I can even find those files online.4) The general consensus of the "vibe" I am feeling when I am at least INSIDE the venue is fairly positive. I only had one nasty encounter with just one creeper. The people around me are super fun loving, alot better than what I experienced before like at 2012, where everyone looked angry, especially after that long-ago Saturday shutdown for high winds (in 2012). Usually at the end of the day, in the midst of all the road-ragers around me at 6:15 something AM, I simply cranked my music up in my car and made my car shake back and forth to the beat of the music to entertain everyone. It seems to distract them from violence. 5) Even though I'm a guy, this one petite Latina girl gave me her Navy Blue Butterfly Tiara for helping her tie her leg straps on by illuminating it with a flashlight (the free one you get in the keychain from the ticket package). I put it on every time I went back for the next few days and I got compliments, phone numbers, and joint photos on Instagram accounts. Yay for me! And I have not heard anything negative either!Bad Things1) I felt that the DJ lineups, especially for popular mainstream ones, were too tightly packed on Saturday, with at least three artists that I liked are featured back to back (Eric Prydz, Calvin Harris, Above & Beyond, Tiesto, Alesso, Benny Benassi for example, not all were Saturdays). I had little or no rest going to and dancing from stage to stage on Saturday, especially since we had to experience some on-foot "road rage" trying to get from Circuit Grounds, to Kinetic Field, to Cosmic Meadows, to Neon Something and then to the bathrooms. I witnessed this poor worker in one of those ATVs get SURROUNDED by fans trying to go from one stage to the next, trying to call for help from security to disperse the crowd until they came with flashlights. The only time to rest was DURING when my favorites are playing, and I had to either leave the crowd to sit down on the asphalt or against the covered fences and risk being stepped or tripped over. Thats something I hate to do especially when I want to be standing up when my favorites are playing.I hope that next year you guys can have the obviously popular acts time slots sandwiched between the lesser-known acts on each stage, so I get to sit down for a hour to two and grab something to eat.2) I think we need some BRIGHT LIGHTS to mark the PUBLIC RESTROOMS SIGNS, its clearly apparent that even with those folding maps we get when we come inside, people will lose them and only know of the one next to Cosmic Meadows. After midnight, that entire area stinks really bad because its so heavily used. After Friday, to my disgust of having to endure the smell or the horrific sights behind those doors, I instead opted for spending more than 20 minutes going from Cosmic Meadows to the least used bathrooms at the Circuit Grounds. On the 3rd Day, I realized that the Budweiser Cool Lounge is also available to General Admissions over 21 years of age, and that they among other places I havn't discovered yet, has NORMAL CIVILIZED BATHROOMS THAT FLUSH. 3) I am not accusing anyone specifically for using, selling, and consuming bad drugs... but compared to my experiences in 2013 and 2012 (my first EDC-Vegas), there is alot of people that have "gotten sick". I either saw people puke right in front of me, stepped in puke, nearly sat on puke, or on my way to one of the Free Water Stations, the entire right side stank of vomit. I don't know what we could do about this, maybe have more workers or volunteers willing to clean it up?
5	This is my once a year religious pilgrimage and it is the single greatest musical experience I have ever had. I just finished my fourth year and I can't wait for next year. It is one of the few places I have ever been where I feel totally accepted and non-judged (which is far more than I can say for any church). I have been a fan of electronic music since the 80s, and even liked its precursor lovingly referred to as disco. I understand that EDM is an acquired taste, but the EDC is much more than a music festival. It is a celebration of art and life and happiness. I feel that I have gotten my money's worth every year and then some. Even if you are not a fan of the music I strongly implore to track down a Sunday ticket (which you can usually get cheap) to just go and see the event. Spend a few hours walking around witnessing all the people, the costumes, the celebration, the lights, and the sheer unadulterated joy of the attendees. You would have to be dead inside to be disappointed. I will be 44 this summer and I rarely see people there older than I, but I have never felt unwelcomed or that I didn't belong. Vegas is about spectacle, but by far the greatest spectacle Vegas has ever produced is the EDC. I love the Cirque shows and have seen them all. I have not been disappointed with any of the shows (except Elvis, who the hell put that one together). I always recommend the Cirque shows to visitors, but the EDC blows them away on the sheer pageantry and majesty. For the full price of one Cirque show you could see the EDC for one night and you will never regret it. I go all three days, and then I need another 3 days to recover, but it's worth all the aches and pains this old body suffers from 3 days of complete joy. It's a once and a life time experience I implore you to experience.
3	This is a tough one for me to review, the event was great but parking was awful.. bad enough for me to not want to go back the 2nd night...We left our hotel on the strip around 7pm on the first night, didn't park till 9 and didn't get inside till 10:30... WHAT THE HELL are you serious?!?! dude common you guys have been doing this for years now, isn't it bout time to get it together?! everyone kept telling me it'll get better the 2nd day and it's always bad the first day, so ... if you guys DO KNOW how to make it better why not do it the first day as well?! WOW MIND BLOWN! anyways the event itself was great, amazing setup, amazing performances, I was blown away and so were my legs, I don't think my legs have hurt this much from a non-workout activity EVER. Two of my all time favorites Armin and Hardwell performed back to back so that was definitely amazing for me, loved them!Left around 4 the first night and of course the parking lot was a mess, everyone was just cutting people off and driving on the side etc.. anyways, horrible experience with the parking so I really didn't want to come back the 2nd nightbut.. ended up coming back anyways lol, 2nd night was PERFECT though, proving what everyone was telling me, got from our hotel to the parking lot and parked in 30 min, then got in with lines but they were moving VERY fast, no problems at all getting out either, wtf!!! miracles do happen.2nd night was just as epic as the first in regards to the performances, krewella tore up the stage and although i was a bit dissapointed at avicii his performance was still amazing. I strongly recommend people to take taxis to the event to avoid long waits, they said there's free water provided but it's impossible to find, bathroom waits are also long inside the venue. Had a great time but not sure i'd go again, if I do it'll probably just be for one day, or maybe i'm just an old grandpa now
5	One of the best nights of my life! I wish I could relive it over and over again! I have never danced so hard in my whole life. This is one of the only events I've gone to and been wide awake till sunrise. EDC is really an experience, one that is hard to describe in a review. All I have to say is JUST GO.Party safe, hydrate. Go with a group with positive vibes with a love for the music.  Dress comfortably and be yourself! Dance your face off!Also: Thank goodness for shuttle service! I recommend an official EDC shuttle, 360Haus and JusCollege!
4	Eat. Sleep. Rave. Repeat.    P.L.U.R!My first ever EDC and it was an awesome 3 nights!! It's not a rave like I pictured it to be, but more like a carnival atmosphere with TONS of amazing lights, fire, and fireworks!! Oh how I loved the fireworks every night! 2:30am is when they do the big fireworks show each night. My friend and I went all 3 nights and it was tiring! We paid for a 3 day pass $350 (only option) and we were going to make use of it! We stayed on the strip, at The Tropicana and drove each day. Day 1: Traffic was terrible! We left around 8:30p and didn't park until about 11p! That's  with us taking side streets to avoid the traffic!! Traffic on Las Vegas Blvd near the speedway was bumper to bumper. It took about an hr just to go 3 miles from the air force base to the speedway!!! If that traffic wasn't bad enough, in the morning, it took THREE hours to get out of the parking lot!! Yup, 3 hours to get out of the parking lot... not even back to the hotel! Upon leaving, cars were just circling around aimlessly because there were NO exit signs or people leading traffic. Everyone bottle-necked and we didn't even know if we could exit. People just keep going back and forth figuring how to exit. Turns out... most of the exit gates were either closed or blocked by the police and for no apparent reason. When we finally found the right exit, there were EIGHT parking attendants just sitting/standing in a row talking to each other doing NOTHING to lead traffic!! We left at 4:45 am and didn't leave that parking lot still 8am!! For day 1, we saw Hardwell and Steve Aoki. Hardwell was awesome!! Day 2: We left much earlier, fearful of the dreaded traffic. It's about 18 miles from the strip to the speedway. We left at 6:30pm and got to the speedway about 7ish. It was awesome, no traffic!! We also left earlier, around 4am and got out easy peasy. No trouble getting out and left right away. We were back in the hotel, ate, and ready to sleep by 5:30am. Day 2 we saw Avicii, Kaskade, and Tiesto. I really liked Avicii and had a great time. Day 3: We left around 7pm. No traffic on the way there... but then upon exiting to the speedway, it took about an hour to go just 5 miles or so! Not sure what happened! We also left earlier on the third day having being  worn out. We left around 3ish... got back to the hotel, ate and sleep before 5am. No traffic. Day 3 we saw Calvin Harris and Axwell. We also checked out the 3D koi pond. That was really cool!!PROS:All 3 days, there were fireworks every night!! I LOVED the fireworks because they were amazing and even went all around the speedway!! They also happened throughout the night, especially on the Kinetic Stage, which happens to be the mainstage. I thought the mainstage was AMAZING!!! It was HUGE!!! I only wish we got there earlier to be able to see it up much closer. There were 2 owls, one on each side, as well as water dance, fire, and fireworks! We were also at Circut Grounds alot. There was also fire at that stage but no fireworks. That stage is more enclosed, so it does get hotter really fast! They do throw out tons of confetti! Just know that music on that stage can get super loud since the stage is enclosed! There were tons of carnival rides and best was that they were ALL included in the cost of the ticket!! I wished I went on lots more rides, but my friend wasn't willing to go on the thrill rides... just the ferris wheel basically :/ Production value here is amazing! The sets are fantastic!! I'm sure all those neon lights and special effects are not easy to set up!! There was also a Bud Light room we found were they hand out the foam light sticks and inside are kandi making stations with TONS of kandi available!! My friend and I made some! Everyone we meet with nice. For the amount of people there, we did not notice any fights or anybody really hating on each other. It was nice to dance here because people were friendly and it wasn't like a club were guys are always trying to hit or grind on you!CONS:DRUGS!! Pot everywhere!! Yes, I know this is a rave...  it's those people that  that make things worse for others. We even saw a group rolling up their joints! Also the free water stations are few. We only saw 2 and the water is not cold. Water bottles are $5. You can get ice for free from vendors that are nice, one guy wanted to charge us! I wish they said earlier that you can bring any empty bottle in to fill! Security seemed like a hit or miss. We even saw a group with a whiskey bottle taking shots! First night, saw a security lady that checked everything, while the other 2 nights they barely checked. Would I go again... not likely since it's really costly and tiring. If my boyfriend wanted to experience it, then yes. I think it's something that everyone should experience at least once so they know what it's like! I'm so glad I experienced it because I think it was worth it!! Just remember to be safe and stay hydrated! 2 people died this year :/
5	EAT. SLEEP. RAVE. REPEAT! As i was unable to get tickets when it came out and it sold out so wasnt able to go ALL THREE DAYS. Luckly one of my friends wasnt able to go on Sunday so he gave me his ticket which im sooo grateful he did. Getting to EDC was a mission in itself as there was traffic of course, but good thing I'm a local so i knew not really a short cut but a way to avoid much of the traffic as possible. Going thru security and everything wasnt too bad and didnt take too long. I've seen photos and stuff when ppl walk through and first see the speedway, but ACTUALLY WALKING OUT and seeing it in real life is just...words cannot describe! It was amazing! All we had planned was to make sure we see Calvin Harris other than that we just wingd it.....Im a Hawaii Boy and been to raves and stuff before.....ever since Sarina Paris and Sandstorm era, but being at EDC for the FIRST TIME was an unforgettable experience. PLUR does still exist!! Dont believe anyone that says it doesnt because it does. All in all I will definitely be making sure I get my ticket for EDC2015 cuz if one night was amazing, i can only imaging how all three nights would be. Heres some TIPS that will make your next EDC better:****Go as early as possible as the later you go, the farther you will have to park and walking back to the car after the night has ended is not the ticket.  ****If your bringing anything like CIGs, GUM, CHAPSTICK, VICs...they have to be all unopened! like completely sealed or security will take them. ****when traveling as a group make sure you pick a meeting spot (preferable someplace less crowded) just incase one of you gets lost as it is crowded. ****HYDRATE YOURSELF! they have FREE yes FREE water station to hydrate yourself so just bring an empty bottle and fill it up. ****Dont plan everything to the very minute....sure you can try to catch ur fav DJ but just go with the flow and let the night take you as it will be a better experience for all of you. ****BE NICE TO EVERYONE that what PLUR is about, dont be the bad seed of the event. see you guyz next year UNDER THE ELECTRIC SKY.......
5	I'm having INSAAANE EDC withdrawals right now and the only thing i can do is write a review and wait for beyond wonderland... in.. september... ): dammmmitI feel like EDC is one of the things you gotta experience at least once in your lifetime. Even if you are not a hardcore EDM lover, if you go at least for one day, you get to feel the amazing vibes that everyone has there and LOL not to be hella cliche, all that PLUR attitude and its really different from anything youll ever feel.Everything is so freaking spectacular:-the lights from every crazy big stage with the different setups like OWLLSSS!!! and monsters butterflies i dont even remember-FIREWORKSSS omg so beautiful every single night-the rides like ferris wheel, mini drop zone, this flying one with chairs, this year they had some crazy glow in the dark spinny caterpillar... etc-lounges for people to chill and CHARGING STATION FOR PHONES THANK GOD-FREE WATER for them thirsttyyyy asses LOL jK dehydrated people-the DJs and the bass and amazinggg music. i almost cried to Sun & Moon by Above and Beyond this year LOLOLOL it was soooo GOODzee badd:-LOL ... like everyone says. the traffic there and back is like.... worst than LA traffic. From the Vegas strip to EDC parking, around like 8pm... TOOK US TWO HOURS but LOL everyone is raving outside their car and shit. dont even wanna know how long it took on the way back bc i knocked the fuck out-what snapchat wifi... what edc live? THAT DOESNT WORK!!! plus fuck the cell signal. there is no way in hell that you can contact or call anyone unless you find a miracle place-mmm whatever festival you go to... bring toilet paper bc that shit gonna run out. -does EDC not know that we're broke as fuhhh from buying the ticket and hotels at vegas? why you gotta make everything else $$$$ in here too??? but overalll... damn everything is so worth it! Insomniac, i'll hand you my money every freaking year for EDC. all them good vibes and good music sighhhhh. fucking withdrawals thikning of it hahahaha
4	My first rave ever! Such an amazing experience, can't wait to go back! Beautiful scenery, many stages! Lots of lights and color! Loved it!! MUST GO!! However takes forever to arrive because of traffic. Taxi's get pricey so I suggest getting a shuttle pass or driving. Gets really hot so stay hydrated! $5 water bottle then free refill stations.
2	It's convenient to see every artist you'd probably ever be interested in seeing all in one venue over three days. That's where the positives end for me on this. I took the shuttle there, and the shuttle rides took literally hours. The first day I left at 330 am and didnt get into my room until 7 am. My friends who went stayed until 530 am and some walked into their rooms at 1030 am. I bought VIP and it's totally not worth it, as you are still standing in line for a not so great bathroom anyway (everyone told me VIP was worth it for the bathrooms alone) and there's still hardly anywhere to sit at the VIP sections anyway. There were so many people that getting from one stage to the next took forever, so you'd be stepping on people along the way, and by the time you got there, the set was almost over. And most people are on drugs. I know raves are like that anyway, but just be warned. I didnt go day three even though I had a 3 day VIP pass. Just wasnt feeling it anymore.
5	We came. We raved. We loved...All under the electric sky.Leave it up to Insomniac to create a journey and experience that is nothing like other concerts or raves or festivals. Electric Daisy Carnival is its own magical experience.  This year was my first EDC. Before EDC, I told myself that this may be my only one, since my friends and I are all growing up now. We may never get a chance to do this again together. Yet here I am, 2 weeks later with EDC withdrawals and already thinking about next year...As many others have said about this, you can't really put into words what you experience. You really just have to be there.Pros:- All the best DJs in the world come here to play.- The visuals on and off the stages are top notch. You will not find anything as visually stunning as the stages of EDC, especially at Kinetic Field.- Many, many different stages, each with its own unique environment.- Many stages + DJs give you hella options to see whoever you want.- Fireworks were spectacular. Just saw some fireworks yesterday for July 4th and I was like, "That's cute." - Rides! From relaxing ferris wheels to crazy spinning rides. EDC has it all.- Free water stations. Raving is physically taxing on the body. Free water helps you recover!- Only festival that goes from dusk to dawn.- Amazingly friendly people! (Note that there will always be some bad people, but the majority are super friendly)- Random things happen everywhere from people performing in giant lighted hula hoops to Kaskade playing his Redux set on the Boombox art carCons:- Cell signal + wifi. Don't expect to get much if anything. the other 150,000 or so people are also trying to get signal- Bathrooms are hit or miss (mostly miss) with cleanliness and toilet paper, especially as the night goes on- Parking lot. I personally took the shuttle this year, but I heard horror stories of people struggling to get out of the parking lot. It took up to 1.5 hours to get out.- Shuttles (on the first night): Although normally super convenient, it's not cool to have people wait for up to 5 hours in the rising sun to get on the returning bus. On the first night, they had shuttles run every 30 minutes for Circus Circus, even though it was the longest line. They fixed the problem the next two nights though.Notes and tips for a great time:- Timestamp your text messages. You don't know when your friends will receive the text.- Set up meeting spots and times (preferably between sets) with your group if you plan on going to see someone together.- Shuttles, IMO, are worth it. You don't have to worry about regular traffic because buses go through their own route. You also won't have to worry about being awake to drive.- Bring a hydration backpack. Those things are life-savers.- If you get split from your group, don't be afraid to meet new people. Everyone is super friendly! Live the PLUR life.- Go with the flow of your night. You may discover new things you may like. (I got into hard-style a lot more after hanging out around Basscon.)- There are charging stations for your phone. There's a charger included in rental lockers as well.- Be ready to eat.sleep.rave.repeat.Overall, the pros HEAVILY outweigh the cons. What I would do to go back right now... EDC, you got me hooked.
5	As a first timer, I only chose to go Sunday because I could only afford that day, but honestly, if you know enough artist that one day then it is plenty. I arrived around 7 to 7:30 and went straight to see BlasterJaxx (just missed Deorro), then Clockwork I think, then Calvin Harris. One thing that I knew going into this was going with a group would possibly ruin who you want to see if not everyone agree'd upon it. They helped me get in with a cheap ticket and so I didn't want to be douche about it and leave them just to see the artists I wanted. I was stuck on the hard stage seeing Zeds Dead, GTA, and I wanted to see the last artist (DVBBS), but my group decided to leave because of the traffic they had gone through last 2 days. Being stuck on the hard stage I missed out on W&W, Above and Beyond, and Axwell/Ingrosso. These were huge artists I wanted to see but CALVIN and BLASTERJAXX alone made my first time well worth it. I recommend going in a group of around 5-8 and not 15-20. Go see who you want to see and have fun. If you can go in a big group and agree on who you want to see then more power to you but based on my first time and most events its not likely everyone agrees. My recommendations after first time...PARKINGGet there early if you don't want to wait in such a long line. Be there early to enjoy the scenery unless you don't mind waiting in the lines then sure... go ahead and arrive late. Leave during the last performances is a good time to go if you don't care too much about the last headliners (for me it was DashBerlin, PaulVanDyk, and DVBBS on the main stages.STAGESYou can have fun just staying on the 3 main ones, Kinetic being the MAIN stage with big artists, cosmic meadow (HARD stage), and Circuit grounds. The only other stage I would have liked seeing is BASSCON to see SubFocus and Netsky, but times were always an interference. You can't always see who you want ={DRINKSLuckily I was with a group that took care of me and bought all my water. It's $5 per bottle but there are refill stations by the whtie tents (I always just got a new water bottle or powerade).DONT GET LOSTYou can easily get lost with 100k ppl and so we had a flag that was noticable and always had the front person leading hold it so we knew where to go. When we split into smaller groups of 3 or so we made sure to hold on to each others backpack, shirt, or hands. Phone service sucks at the speedway. Have a place to meet if you get lost (garage areas had numbers).LASTLYHave fun! Take your quick video of the beatdrop or your favorite artist and then put it away! Enjoy being in the moment and dance how you feel!
5	Whaaaa, I didn't know EDC was a rave... I thought EDC was just a carnival that stayed open late. Totally mind fkd. Jk. :) EDC is awesome, but they need to step it up for their VIP's!
5	EDC what else can I say about EDC that someone hasn't. EDC 2014 was my 5th EDC gah I feel old. My first was EDC LA in 2010 and then all the EDCs in Las Vegas. I can definitely tell you that each year it just gets better and better. Your mind is blown every time you enter down the bleachers. I was strictly there to see just my favorites this year. I spent majority of the weekend at the Techno stage/ Neon Gardens. I mean c'mon Carl Cox and friends played Friday & Saturday I wasn't going to miss out on the epicness. I also love how much fireworks I get to see over the 3 days I swear it's enough for the whole year. I only got to see the main stage on Sunday because I was avoiding high traffic and mainstream areas but it was a whole different vibe and set up compared to last year. I wish I could have been there to see more of the graphics and lasers. I really enjoyed Stage 7/7 Up stage Sunday they played a lot of good House music and I totally fell in love with Le Youth! Everyone there was vibing, grooving, and dancing. There was even a dance cipher in the back for DJ Dan. I never get to see a true dance cipher with real dancers not just bullshit shufflers so that was awesome to see. I said this year would be my last and I'm ready to venture off into international territories but who knows. Las Vegas is full of temptations and good times! I pray everyone gets to experience EDC once in their lifetime.
3	My overall current EDC rating would have to be a 3 stars.Just A-ok. This year being my fourth EDC, I felt that much of the very special magic EDC always held was lost. I understand with all of this new hype surrounding EDM and Music Festivals in the recent years has its impacts on the whole thing changing. And it sure has. This year entering the Motor Speedway felt different. Upon arriving down those stairs the vibes felt different. I understand with all of this becoming so mainstream there are its perks. Better production, better experience within the many extravagant things Pasqual and the Insomniac team put together for festival. But raving just isn't raving anymore.This year I went into EDC looking to rave my ass off. Really just dance, vibe, and enjoy great music and have a great time with friends and strangers. I went to Kinetic Fields about a total of two times. Once to try and go see Kaskade because some friends wanted to catch him, but it was so jam packed, shoulder to shoulder me and my other two friends who are much more into Trance and Techno music decided to leave. I don't understand how you are supposed to dance or even enjoy the music when you are so freaking close together. I spent 90% of my time at the Basscon Stage and Neon Garden. I'm a huge trance head so me and my two friends posted at the Basscon stage for the last three acts which were all Trance! Best set of the weekend would definitely have to be Simmon Patterson! The vibes are definitely more present and there were more people getting down to the music at these two stages. Met some of the coolest people at these two stages! To say the least, this probably wont be my last EDC  just sad that I cant consider it a rave anymore cause it used to be the mother of all raves.
2	Hmm......Overcrowded....Authentic and true ravers are the minority.  Very rude festival goers who do so many drugs they can't see straight and they 'knock' and walk into you, even when you are on crutches with a sprained ankle.  They will yell at you and demand to get out of their way, often putting my crutch on a piece of trash and falling over, even better for a sprained ankle.Pasquale seems to have stopped caring about the ravers and their experience and cares more about the masses, whoever he can get to go to his event and his pocket.  Not cool Pasquale, I used to rave with you in the early 1990s in Los Angeles.  This by far was the worst electronic music event and festival I have ever gone to in twenty two years!General admission bathrooms were DISGUSTING!  Toilet paper was not restocked all three days of going.  I started bringing toilet paper from my hotel room to wipe when I needed to at the event.  Water and hand sanitizer were always out, after you just been in a porta potty with no toilet paper, great for hygiene.  The bathrooms were so disgusting that I took off my side bag, my tutu and camelbak off prior to entering and left my mate to hold all my girlie possessions.  If you are paying for $400-$750 for a ticket, the least you can do is offer clean bathrooms and replace water and hand sanitizer, how do you expect your festival goers and ravers to stay clean?  You surely don't allow us to bring in hand sanitizer.Day 1......Festival was pretty cool, bathrooms were disgusting.  Rude people.  Lots of ODs, I started to become desensitized to them, which is really sad.  I asked where the taxis were at the INFORMATION BOOTH.  The stupid woman sent us out the wrong way, where we 1) was not the shuttle pick up (we had shuttle bands) 2) the taxis were not able to pick us up 3) we were at the parking lot and we didn't drive 4) they refused us to go back in so we could exit correctly, they only would allow me to go back in because I had a VIP band and my carer was General Admission and (I am on crutches).  The cops had blocked off all the street corners, we tried getting to all of them, we just got turned away, they closed the streets down because drum roll, some idiot went to his car, did a whole bunch of drugs, OD and died.  Dude died in EDC parking lot.  My friend and I walked around for 2 hours, now getting dehydrated couldn't get to the shuttle because they wouldn't let us, couldn't get to the taxi because the streets were closed down, and we went through 4 bottles of water we brought out with us to stay hydrated.  It is now pushing 6am, the sun it hot, we left at 4am to try to get back to our hotel.  Are you trying to create another death?  I had to hitch hike 5 different times before some nice ravers felt sorry for us and took us back to our hotel.  Pasquale that should have never happened!  They finally ended up opening up a closed pathway because they realized more people were getting stuck and they did not want another death on their hands.Day 2......Pretty cool lots of authentic ravers were about, disgusting bathrooms once again....went out the correct way and got on the shuttleDay 3.....Oh this is the day we should have stayed home!  We had drugged out cranky drug addicts up now for 72 hours being gigantic jerks, screaming at one another to move out of the way, every one had a miserable look on their face.The moral of the story, people go to do large amounts of drugs.  The rave culture is completely lost here.  Those dancing are the minority.  No one wears kandi anymore.  So many new people in the scene they have no idea what they are doing in the scene.  They have no idea why they are standing in front of a DJ.  Lots of drug busts, 72 felony arrests.  Police and security guards dressed as undercover ravers, busted busted busted.  Good for them, maybe they will get some money thrown into their pockets.This was a huge waste of $7,000 because that is what it cost me for 2 shuttle passes $180 + tax, a VIP pass at $700, flight was $2,000 and hotel was $1,000 among other incidentals, I much rather stay in my happy home in the United Kingdom.  Next year they are talking about doing a two weekend EDC LV, what a huge cluster insert cuss word here that would be.Many people have said this, "EDC is not a place for real ravers".I've had raver friends come three years in a row, they said this was the worst EDC in their life, they will never go again.  I am sure they will write some reviews as well.The people who are rating EDC as 5 stars did a ton of drugs, just look at the pictures they posted, drugs consisting of either acid or more then 2 pills of MDMA, yeah it will be paradise if you are that off your rocker but for a person who did not do drugs and drank Gentleman's Jack all night on ice (thank you for serving that btw), it was complete madness and you saw EVERYTHING that was going on.I was asked by Ground Patrol to help out and save lives, I did, I prevented 15+ ODs.
5	I've been twice and I LOVE IT.  2011 and 2015 :)There's just so much good music every night! You can choose too, if you want to be up in the bleachers watching the crowd, or getting hot and dirty in the pit!  The free carnival rides have long lines, but it's the best time to make new friends, and considering how friendly most people are, it's an amazing time.  The fireworks will ruin you for NYE fireworks for life because they are so spectacular and so long-lasting.  If you get lost from your friends someone will certainly be your friend, and if you stay with your group, get ready for bonding :)
2	I attended EDC 2014. One word: disappointed. You spend so much money, so much time preparing for EDC and what I got was definitely not what I expected. I'll stick the to events here in LA.Complaints:-On night 1 our shuttle driver took us about 20 minutes the wrong way. How does your shuttle driver not know where he's going? He didn't even inform us. We only realized something was wrong when he made several u-turns and someone decided to map our location. We were on the other side of the I-15. We left Excalibur around 6:30 and didn't arrive at the Speedway until past 9.-After night 1, the Excalibur shuttle "line" was unorganized and packed. My group and dozens of other people were standing there until about 10AM. 5 hours? That's ridiculous. Everyone's exhausted, the sun is coming up fast and it's heating up. None of the officers or event coordinators offered an explanation as to why we were barely moving. Others were getting rowdy (I wonder why?) and I felt like a riot was going to break out. Thankfully they were giving out free water. Lol.-The crowd is RIDICULOUS. There is no room to move from stage to stage. I definitely feel that tickets were oversold, or security sucks if THAT much more people are sneaking in. I did enjoy the environment. Water stations were convenient, handled by workers. Pretty efficient considering there are thousands of people there. The fireworks and visuals were amazing. On the third day we came really early before the rest of the crowd. Only then could you really soak in and appreciate the grounds, the art, the food, the other entertainment. It all gets lost. The music was great. There's definitely something for everyone, although I wouldn't recommend having a set schedule. Trust me, nothing will go as planned.
5	not bad.one of the biggest rave event in the US.
4	Crazy to think how it took me two years to finally make my way back to EDC!Thankfully, some elements of the EDC experience remained unchanged since my last visit to the ol' Carnival:- The level of talent remains consistently high - and if you do the math, EDC still offers major bang for your buck, regardless of the annual price increases. This year alone, my friends and I saw 26 artists over the course of three days - including some of the most influential names in dance music. In particular, I was most awed by DJ sets from Kaskade and Arty - both of whom combined elements of the melodic, girly side of EDM alongside the ass-shakin' of crisp electro house drops. Of course, these artists were only the tip of the iceberg. I saw excellent performances from Calvin Harris, Tommy Trash, Carl Cox, Destructo, Oliver - the list goes on, but consistently, everyone made sure to bring their A-game for the EDCLV crowd.  Also worth mentioning were the multiple unannounced sets that took place - which included a "Redux" set by Kaskade featuring collections of his older, more progressive (think jazzier) material, and an unexpected drum & bass set by the Krewella sisters on EDC's Bass Pod. Basically, EDC still remains an unparalleled experience in sonic surrealism - that part thankfully isn't anywhere close to changing anytime soon. - The production value also remains as sky-high as ever, and only continues to climb.With his newfound pals over at Livenation (and, from rumors I've heard, over at Tomorrowland's ID&T, as well) Insomniac CEO Pasquale Rotella has reaped the benefits of scaled-up stage design and theatrics. Look no further than the cathedral-themed Kinetic Field (where, yet again, the fireworks displays upstaged the Fourth of July), or the massive Circuit Grounds tunnel, in which LED panels from the ceiling gradually lowered themselves down to crowd level, until they were just barely above one's head. Accompanying these wild displays were costumed performers and acrobats - stilt walkers, clowns, etc.; my favorite performers by far were the mirror-suit wearing "walking disco balls," who dashed from one side of the Circuit Grounds stage to another via trampoline...all the while being accompanied by big beats from Bingo Players!Similarly, I couldn't tell you how many times I'd arrive back at the mansion that my group and I stayed at during EDC weekend (yeah, we did it big!) and end up finding confetti bits in my socks and underwear...and I'm not complaining about that at all!- The lines to get into the festival itself were improved over past years (as far as foot traffic was concerned).There weren't very many times when the entrances would comes to a complete halt, and there always seemed to be a steady stream of people moving forward. Additionally, the Will Call tent was well organized, and retrieving our tickets was a breeze - even though the fact that the GF and I had ordered them just one week prior to the festival!In spite of all these praiseworthy elements, EDC was not without fault:- Of greatest concern to me was the undeniable increase in the amount of trash that was scattered throughout the festival grounds. It honestly looked as though someone had managed to turn a junkyard upside down on top of the poor Speedway. From what I witnessed, festival staff had been doing their best to contend with the buildup for the first half of each night - yet eventually found themselves forced to give up in the face of a trash avalanche that couldn't be contained.By the end of EDC's third night, the festival grounds looked downright disgusting - with food/drink containers and plastic bottles scattered around as far as the eye could see. - Similarly, it was cool to see that EDC has jotted down some notes from Coachella, including the "Trashed" recycle-for-prizes tent. Unfortunately, this fun "extracurricular" wasn't really integrated all that well - in that I didn't see any ravers making any attempt to participate. In fact, I tried to join in myself, but was taken aback when the Trashed tent staff told me that they wouldn't be able to provide plastic bags for collecting water bottles with. (Sooo, you'd like us to recycle, yet won't take any steps to make doing so any easier for us? I sense a bit of a lapse in logic...)- EDC's crowd has gotten undeniably douchier. Of course, this is just a snapshot of the whole body of attendees; many people were very polite, conversational, and good natured. The same couldn't be said of the guys I saw wearing tank tops that read "Show Me Your Tits," "Where's Molly?," "YOLO," and the like. I get it, i get it - dance music has crossed into the mainstream. But does that have to mean that its original message of general camaraderie and respect has to be lost in the process?Nevertheless, if you can get past these shortcomings - and the still hellish automobile traffic back to the Strip - you'll still have a killer time!
4	The Electronic Daisy Carnival affectionately known as E-D-C is an experience. I was asked several times to describe it in one word and this is the word that I felt summed up the collective shitshow that EDC was.From dusk to dawn for three nights (Fri, Sat, and Sun) there are 8 stages spanned across the Las Vegas Motocross Speedway. Each stage has a new DJ about every hour. Each stage is decked out in the most massive LED and laser lights you've ever see (making Vegas clubs look weak), There's a constant pulse thumping at the festival, even braving portapottie hell, you can feel the pulse,  there's a heartbeat and it beats for love, music, art, and community. This is what EDC is about, fellowship, with like-minded individuals.Getting to EDC is a cluster fuck, being a Vegas local, I know how to navigate to avoid the 2/3 hour parking lot post & pre event. (PRO-TIP: Make sure you have plenty of gas in your car. Finding your car and blasting the A/C is a revival. Also, a cooler with some Powerade and some snacks. Yes, please!) It really wasn't that bad. Navigating the festival is ridiculous. There's no easy way to get from one place to the next. Cell service out there is seldom at best and just because your phone sent it, doesn't mean the other person has received it. Pick meetup spots centrally located. Everyone meets up at the Daisy, don't be that person! Twice as much, she swings around and as the night progresses, she turns down.You can buy an Insomniac canteen for $5 and refuel at any of the free refill stations (some of the nice vendors will give you some ice to use too). Food was set up as well. All finger foods and nothing costing more than $6/8 a pop. Alcohol was expensive, but drinking all night for 3 day straight in the dry desert heat sounds like a recipe for diarrhea and disaster. No, thank you.I recommend wearing tennis/walking shoes. Your feet will need support. Also, don't wear kicks you want to keep. They'll be trashed!EDC is what you make it and it is an experience.
2	My first and last edc. I've been in the scene for 5 years and it has changed so much. I never went well because money and it's so expensive to go. I paid about $400 for my 2014 ticket and I just didn't enjoy it. My boyfriend and I literally felt like it was nocturnal or beyond wonderland just with more rides. I probably won't go to edc again because I'm actually over the whole scene it's not the same. Very few people are actually sober my boyfriend and I being part of that.  I think it's possible to have fun without being on drugs. The ride lines were too long so we only went on one ride. They put Calvin Harris in a tent and it was terrible I was having a terrible anxiety attack while being in there. They should have put him on the main stage. I actually left early while I was there because I was over it. First night I only lasted 2 hours the 2nd day I was there from like 11-430 and the 3rd day from 8-2am. I GIVE MAJOR PROPS TO WHOEVER GETS THERE FROM the beginning to end. The bathrooms are the grossest thing there they need to have them cleaned every hour or something. Overall, it's not all that. Literally save half of your money and go to beyond or something  local. I believe you are paying more because it's 3 days and it's in Vegas. And not only that everything is so expensive at the strip that weekend.
4	Since '99 I remember my first EDC, since then it has always been my favorite. Through the years the scene got smaller, but EDC never stopped breathing. Today it is a spectacular wonderland full of life, music, love and everything nice. The tickets may cost a premium, but the production value is through the roof! Everywhere you go there is some wonderful art installation, totally interactive and euphoric. This is not just a music festival or event, it is an experience to be lived! I love you, EDC. Always have been, always will be, simply the best!
5	This review is 3 months late... but it's because I haven't been able to gather my thoughts on how to write this. I can only narrow it down to one word: AH-MAY-ZING. Not a raver? DOESN'T MATTER! EDC is fun no matter what kind of music you're into. You'll just naturally enjoy being surrounded by so many good vibes. All headliners are so friendly (with the exception of a few) and willing to help out. Normally I am someone who likes to capture memories on film, but it really shows how much fun I had since I barely took any photos during this trip. It's pretty much a 3 day event where literally your routine is as follows: eat, sleep, rave, repeat. WHOOO~~ it was such an utopia, a chance to get away from all your worries for a couple days. I personally enjoyed the experience a lot and got to see so many renown DJs of today's time: Dash Berlin, Alesso, A&B, Hardwell, Armin, Calvin Harris, Bingo Players, AVICII, ARTY (just to name a few...there were WAAAAY more than that). My only disappointment was I had to choose between many stages, there were 8 stages in total and each stage plays a different "style" of EDM, since there were time conflicts with the DJs I wanted to see. But I understand it's impossible to see everybody in just 3 little days.I really enjoyed going with my rave fam, some of them went the year prior and it made me feel really safe that they were veterans. I recommend going with people who know what they're doing 'cause this event CAN get seriously hectic (especially all the people in line for water refills, LOL) and you'll probably get lost if you all don't set a place to meet. Some people do decide to make a totem pole but it's a bit of a hassle to carry that. THERE WAS FREE SNAPCHAT BUT OTHERWISE NO SIGNAL WHATSOEVER!! Remember to stay hydrated (CamelBak/similar items are STRONGLY preferred but they won't allow any liquids until you're inside the venue) and PLUR!! Be safe and have fun :3 EDC 2015, I'M COMING BACK FOR YOU!
5	Compared to previous years, his time around things were more organized and less crowded!Getting in and out of the venue was faster than the years prior.  However, there was a night where it took forever to get out of the parking.  I think it took my friends 2 hrs to get home.  Some even rode the shuttle and it took that long as well.  Sucks.First night, I had some weirdo dude at the entrance follow me around.  He got lucky I didn't punch him in the face because there were cops ahead of us watching.  The cops didn't even do anything but watch the guy harrass me.  WTH!Second night, after entering the front entrance I had a guy come up to me and kiss me on the cheek.  I was in shocked because that had never happened before.  He got lucky too!  I probably would've given him the choke hold LOLAnyway, overall I had a blast.  The venue was pretty and colorful as always; it was expanded this time around for sure.  Most of the DJs playing in their designated areas were dope.  A-trak was alright, I thought he'd be better.  i was amazed with Calvin Harris' set.  I have seen him live before in AZ and he sucked.  This time he was really good!  Gareth Emery was good until his music just stopped playing lol  The long hours at EDC went by so quickly.  It was fun and exhausting.  Not sure how many more times we'll go.  It's so expensive.
