5	While no one is ever a fan of having to get blood drawn I have to say, this location and this experience, there is no better.The front staff was nice and polite, even though the place was packed and we were a tad bit late for our appointment.  They took us back right away.I had Jeannie, who is beyond BEYOND the nicest and most professional I have ever encountered.  I have to get my blood drawn from my hands as I have non existent arm veins and she was gentle and kind and did as I asked rather than try and fight me on it thinking she might know my body better than me. If you have to go and get bloodwork done, this is the location.  Top notch all the way!
4	I am a fan, yes but although the techs here are really nice and friendly and super helpful, I've had a couple that were not.  Overall though, the techs are good and it is best to make an appointment or you could be waiting for 40 minutes or more. Just go to their website and pick out the time that works best for you.  I've had some really good techs that were so good, I barely felt pain when the needle was stuck in me but I've had some not so good ones recently.  Guess it's a hit or miss situation...
5	I was very impressed with the skilled techs and efficient reception area. I was in and out of there in 5-10 minutes both times having barely felt a needle prick!
1	Not impressed. Front desk competency is inconsistent. At busy times the staff is visibly overwhelmed. I've had to go back twice because of their mistakes. Too bad Sonora has a monopoly. Competition would be a good thing for them and the consumer. The customer should not have to observe or hear their comments when assignment overload occurs. The billing procedures are strange. They send out separate bills for each test. They have yet to figure out how to put all the charges on one sheet. Just when you think you've paid all the charges, more are mailed out separately. A negative rating would fit Sonora just nicely.
4	Went here once for labwork.  My wife had something down the street to tend to.  No one was there, and it was only me that Friday morning.  I was in and out in 7 minutes.  Too bad this place is now closed :-(!!!
