5	THE OLDEST GAY BAR IN LAS VEGAS ( since 1976)  --- and rumored to have the oldest patrons.Come visit beautiful downtown!!!!  So this is it.....the gay bar you hear all the rumors about."Only old dude's hang out there.""They lock the door and have orgies  late at night.""If you wait in the bathroom for more than 3 minutes you'll totally score!"Old dude's, late night orgies, and easy bathroom action.   In the 70's those were the things that kept the night life hoppin'.  So why complain now?I have yet to witness any of these things happen at Snick's Place. (that doesn't mean they don't) It certainly adds to it's mystique though....I keep going hoping that something I've heard about would happen, but, alas it's like waiting for Sasqwatch or Nessie.But what you will get is the friendliest bartenders in town, who are pretty heavy handed when it comes to the mixed drinks....WHOOO BABY!!!  Which is probably why they have pics of pink elephants on the walls......OH, and a really hot collage in the form of the bar's name (SNICK'S) made out of pics of dirty man meat.  It is the definition of "DIVE BAR" and absolutely lovely.
5	I love Snick's place, although I haven't been in several months now. But for a time it was my favorite hang out on Saturday nights where starting at 9PM you could pay 5 dollars for a beer bust or 7 Dollars for liquour bust. The bust went on until 1AM so you can bet that I was pretty buzzed by then. It is a small, local bar but welcomes people from all over. The bartenders are super friendly and it is easy to meet new people there. Fridays they have karaoke from 7-11pm and happy hour weekdays from 4-7pm and 2-4am. Also during the summer, one day a month they have a Luau, which I totally missed this summer so I will have to wait until next. They also have snacks like chips, mini pizzas and burgers for sale and complimentary popcorn. If you are looking for a gay bar as an alternative to the "fruit loop" I say you should definitely visit Snick's Place.
5	Look for an elephant that you would see on a preschool building.  Buzz to get into the rainbow colored door.  Inside prepare for anything goes.  There was a stripper walking around naked, except for his shoes.  Expect the unexpected.  Rated X.
2	One star just for stickin around since 1976.Another star for being relatively clean.Otherwise, boring, boring, boring.A little hole-in-the-wall bar with not much to recommend it.Not even particularly inexpensive. My Johnny Walker Black Label was $11 - about what you'd pay somewhere with more charm.
3	A gay dive???? Awesome!! That says it all. It is a dive bar for gay patrons. A cutie named Javie was working there when I went. Asked for my number but never called ... the tease!!
5	LOVE Snicks! I usually roll in here when I am not feeling like sucking in my gut. Nick the bartender was the first person in Vegas to be nice to me. I was here the other night just chillin and palying the Juke box. Atmosphere? Well, it sorta smells like Popcorn and Disability checks.
4	I found Snick's first on Yelp looking through a list of dives near Theatre 7, and through word of mouth (a friend who had been there before).  Snick's, being just two spaces down from Theatre 7 was the ideal candidate for drinks after an event held in the lot this past First Friday/Pollygrind kick-off party event.The bartender (the shorter, gray haired fella) was incredibly friendly, and cracked jokes all night with everybody he talked to it seemed.  The drinks, even the more quality beers, were relatively cheap.  I'm told that on Saturday nights there is an evening happy hour that is awesome, but we didn't make it out there the following day.The jukebox is great!  The selection is good, but it really shines with the search feature.  I've searched many a juke in my day, and this one turned out some of the most obscure tunes I could think of.
4	Love me some Snicks! I've been to Snicks on a few occasions with my fellow coworkers after a night of partying. The bartenders are as friendly as it gets, the drinks are generously portioned and inexpensively priced. The Internet jukebox fulfills any music mood and the crowd has always been friendly and chatty. It's almost like going to a friends' house for drinks and meeting their friends. I've seen young and old alike in here, there's definitely a variety of social types on any given night. I won't lie and say that it's not a dive, because it most certainly is, but after a night of paying for overpriced drinks and table service at a snooty club, Snick's is a refreshing change.
4	Was there all the way from Savannah Georgia on November 21. Dominic was a fantastic host! If ever in my city, i will return the hospitality. thanks, Lea
4	This is a great little hole-in-the-wall dive bar (a bit smokey, but what dive bar isn't around these parts?). Yes, it's a gay bar -- it's said to be the oldest one in Vegas, actually -- but like another reviewer noted, it doesn't at all have a meat market feel to it, nor do you get nasty "breeder" looks if you're in there with your hetero partner. It's really just a low-key, laid-back, friendly sort of neighborhood-bar feeling place, which is nice to find anywhere. The bartenders are also super nice; we chatted with the one covering the beer bar (oh yeah, you should know the main long bar along the side only serves liquor, and the small bar in the back is for beer) for quite a while. There were no other patrons back there wanting beer and we were only going to have the one each, so I told him he was welcome to go back and socialize with the other bartenders or patrons, like he was doing before we got there to order our beers, but he refused and opted to hang out & keep chatting with us instead. I'll definitely go back here next time I'm in the area (or at least on the next First Friday!).
4	What a cool little friendly bar tucked away near the art district. Went about 11 pm on a Thursday and the place had about 15 people of various ages, mostly locals. Definitely a laid back relaxing atmosphere and a great place to have a drink.Nick was working the bar, not only was he very friendly and welcoming but he makes a great cocktail. Every person I met here was friendly, this would be a ideal place to met people and talk. The location can be tricky to find, but just turn on forth st off las vegas blvd and you will see it on the left, google maps has it mapped perfectly.
5	I've been going to Snick's for years, and I love that anyone is welcome to use the place as their neighborhood bar. Nick and Dominick are really friendly and charming bartenders who can brighten anyone's day. Drinks are cheaper than average and there's shuffleboard.Like most places downtown, Snick's could use a bit of polish, but what it makes up for in sparkle, it makes up for in authenticity. Support this locally gay owned business in the Las Vegas Arts District the next time you're thirsty.The bar is bicycle friendly.
4	Visited Vegas from LA and wanted to go to Snick's since it is the oldest gay bar in town.  When we drove up my friends weren't really interested in going in.  We were glad we did.  It was slow (4 or 5 patrons) but the bartender Jaysun - that's how it was spelled on the board - was totally friendly and had a great personality.  He bought us shots and taught us how to play shuffleboard and how to correctly score the game.  Total kickback atmosphere.  Restrooms could use a good scrubbing. Definitely coming back in next time I'm in town.
5	Ok, I was a little scared to go into the place. The outside looked somewhat scary. Going inside was a different situation. I went into a place that was amazing. It wasn't to the point that the inside was super gay which was my biggest fear. No unicorns pooping out rainbows covered in glitter here. Just a simple clean bar. The bartender, Carlos, was super nice and since it was kinda dead he taught me how to play shuffleboard. The jukebox was great. it pretty much had every song known to man. The drinks were inexpensive as well. It's a everyone is welcome kinda place. Think of it as cheers but with some fabulous mixed in
4	Okay . . . I knew this on was a gay bar . . . did not tell my brother though . . . since the name of the bar was the name of our childhood dog.  A small bar with a little character . . . and I'm not talking about the bartender.Besides the stiff drinks, the bartender let us choose a couple of songs to be played while we drank . . . Everyone is Gay by A Great Big World and I'm Shipping Up To Boston by Dropkick Murphys . . . I'm pretty sure this place had never heard that kind of music before.And the other highlight was talking to another patron about dinner the night before . . . and having him tell my brother he should slap him for ordering a cheeseburger at a Cajun restaurant . . . now, I would have paid to see that.I am not sure if I will ever make if back . . . but it is on my return list.
5	I was visiting and decided to check this bar out, and it was awesome! They have a shuffle board, darts, friendly bartender, great drink specials and a good selection of music to choose from in their juke box. It was also very welcoming, really cool people. I will definitely be coming back to this bar the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	My brother showed me and my girlfriend a great time here and the bartender was funny the music was jammin and the people were friendly also the drinks fireball central baby
