2	This is a bit of a tongue in cheek tour for the tourists. Having seen the vaults on several programs on the TV we thought we would go see. The tour guide was good but kept going on about health and safety, people feeling odd etc. Our tour started at 3.30 from the royal mile gathering place and we then shot off at pace to the point of paymnt. We entered a building up a short but steep flight of stairs into a dark room of torture instruments, nothing was said about them in detail. On entering the vaults (tunnels) you got the impression that you where under ground but infact we where at least one story above ground level in the centre of an old building. We spent about 45 mins wondering up and down about 100m of tunnel in and out of 3 vault rooms all with spurious claims of paranormal activity with special referance to a stone circle. At the end of the tour you emerge into a pub (formally vault rooms) for a shot of whiskey and short bread. The tour guide had shot off for the next tour and we where left wondering....... On leaving the said pub, she passed us with another bunch of unsuspecting tourists heading to the payment point.There was about 20 in our group which seemed about right for the space availible for everyone to fit in, any more then you would be left IN THE DARK!!!!!!!!All in all a bit of fun & worth a look. BOO!!!
4	Auld Reekie Tours run ghost tours which lead you around the streets surrounding the Royal Mile. My friends and I decided it would be fun to go on one after a few drinks, and it did indeed turn out to be a good laugh. We caught the last tour of the night and we were the only people on it, so it all felt a bit private and special. Our guide, Rachel, was a great storyteller, but also knew her stuff in regards to the history of Edinburgh. She tried her best to scare us with tales of the grisly things that happened in days gone by, but it wasn't until we were led into the underground vaults that it got a bit spooky. You are led through various rooms which are supposedly haunted and teeming with ghosts, we didn't see any, but we did all get a bit of a fright towards the end of the tour (I won't give the game away). I'm not sure if we all would've enjoyed it so much with a bunch of pesky tourists there too, but it was an interesting way to spend the evening before hitting the pub.
5	I love ghost walks, hearing of tales of witchcraft, ghosts and ghouls, there's just nothing better than getting a good fright. To be fair, I have a very over active imagination so am easily scared so it's not much of a challenge but Auld Reekies didn't just make me jump a few times it was also an all round entertaining tour with great storytelling by a terrific guide.  First of all the tour goes through some meandering streets in the centre of Edinburgh giving a little bit of the history of the city and getting you in the mood to enter the underground vaults. You are then taken to a room with all manner of medieval torture devices. The one that freaked me out the most was where the victim was restrained with a rat placed on them, the rat was heated using a metal container and as it was driven mad it looked for a way of escape tearing through the victims body... gruesome stuff.There's a Pagan Temple where ghostly goings on have allegedly taken place and the final stop on the tour is a room where the Southbridge Poltergeist is said to reside and if you find strange markings on your body when you leave it means he may have followed you home, perhaps not the kind of lumber you were after.Every year I say I'll go on a ghost tour on Halloween and at Auld Reekies they're already taking bookings for their Halloween tours this year starting from 12.30 running right through to midnight. Ooohhh...
5	When I moved here, I kind of felt like I had to do one of these haunted walking tours of Edinburgh, but the hard part was choosing which tour guide group to go with. As is usually the case when there are 15 of you, we went for the closest place, which happened to be Auld Reekie's big sign outside the Tron Kirk on the Royal Mile.It was definitely a good shout - although the tour wasn't particularly scary, it was the most fascinating touristy thing you can do in the whole city. In fact, it's embarassing how often I hear myself repeating their stories to anyone who will (or won't!) listen. I'll try to restrain myself here, and simply tell you that you wander up the Mile to the former parliament, you go to see the spot where they burned witches, and then you go down into the vaults underneath South Bridge.The tour winds up back at their Niddry Street office, which is conveniently located next to the oldest pub in the city centre, and supposedly the most haunted, where they give you a voucher for a free drink.It'd be a pretty pointless thing to do during the day, as the atmosphere is so much better at night. If you haven't already done one of these tours, then do one. And do it with Auld Reekie's.
5	Lets be honest, you cant come to Edinburgh without going on a ghost tour. As such, I have been on three tours now with various friends/visiters/family, and two of them have been with Auld Reekie Tours, which starts at the Tron Kirk at the bottom of the royal mile.The reason I have been on it twice is because it is excellent. It can be scary, depending on the party you go with - with a real claustrophobic, supernatural fear as you enter the underground vaults. The tour guides are very funny and well informed, but they can be downright terrifying too. There is a lot of audience participation, and some jump out at you type moments. There is also a brief stop in a museum of hidious torture, which is good for a laugh, if nothing else.Excellent, the best tourist thing to do in Edinburgh.
4	If you like getting the fright of your life (litreally) this is for you. I went acouple of months ago liked the beginning likes the stories but when I entered i freaked out.
3	I went on the "terror tour" last Friday night, and I definitely feel as though I got my money's worth. It was entertaining, plenty of good stories, and an excellent experience of going through the vaults.In fact, a lot of the stories he told us were a bit goofy and campy, not the horror stories I was expecting. Sure, I'd be horrified if the chamberpots were dumped on me of a night, but I was here for ghost stories and tales of terror, not stories about human waste which would fit better in a Three Stooges sketch.Walking through the vaults was very, very cool. There's definitely a supernatural, spooky feel to it. But (you can consider this something of a spoiler alert - although honestly if you don't see it coming then you'll probably wet yourself on the tour anyway) the cheap spook at the end really ruined it for me. Up until that point I lapped up all the stories but when that happened, I remembered it was just a show - and it cheapened it for me, because then I started doubting the rest of what I heard.Walking through those vaults and hearing the horrible stories about what happened under my flat was great. It costs the same as going to the cinema for a cheesy horror movie, and it's about as un-scary. But it's a lot more fun. Eerie? Yes, definitely. But terror? afraid not.
4	Wow! This tour really scared the pants off of us. If you like REAL scares, and not some hoodoo voodoo made up "horror" rubbish, then by all means, do the Auld Reekie tour. They take you down to the Edinburgh underground, where it's dark and dank and full of malevolent ghosts (supposedly), and where hundreds died as a result of homelessness, indifference, fires, genocides and all kinds of evils. Even the hardiest soul will flinch when they get you in the cold dungeon-like atmosphere and tell you wicked stories of murder and pernicious hauntings. There was a crescendoing moment there when I was sure people were going to faint dead away or have heart attacks. After the scares, you're ushered into a neighboring pub which completes the spooky atmosphere...all in all, a pretty incredible piece of Edinburgh history, and well worth the price of admission.
2	Ghost tours in Edinburgh are apparently a must-do, and we were excited to try one out. We heard good things about this company generally, and it seemed to be one of the popular choices. We arrived shortly before 9 for our scheduled tour, and joined a group of about 80, yes, that's right 80! I was already a bit put off, but still hoped we'd be divided into smaller groups. No such luck. Our tour guide, who did do a good job, led us to the office where we spent time filing through and presenting our vouchers. It seemed some people were paying on the spot, and may had Groupons (jealous). The size of the group really did take away from our experience, and even the guide said several times, "If the group wasn't so big, we often go to X," or "With such a big group we can't Y." That made the disappointment even greater.That being said, the tour of the Vaults was fine and spooky, and we got to hear some interesting history and facts about Edinburgh's seedier past. I think cutting off the tour max number to allow for a smaller group would only make the tour more popular. We left right after the Vault, skipping our free whiskey and shortbread, since we didn't want to fight the 78 other people filing into the pub to line up for theirs.
5	This is without a doubt the scariest thing I have ever experienced in my life. I've always been fascinated in the supernatural and what not, and when I heard there was a tour of the vaults in Edinburgh where hundreds of impoverished people burned to their deaths, I simply had to go. I've been twice now and had two different tour guides, both of whom were great. They're not the sort of guide that dresses up and puts on a weird Goosebumps character, but instead they're just dressed normally and act completely normal. There's a large outdoor portion of the tour when you walk down to the (I think) Grassmarket, then back up in a circle to the Royal Mile, and then you go into the Vaults. The vaults aren't underground as most would think, they're actually up a flight of stairs and underneath the Royal Mile. It's a very claustrophobic atmosphere, and after briefly stopping in a museum of torture devices used back then, you're led into the vaults. There's various vaults there; one that a pagan group use for religious practice, another few they don't let you enter for safety purposes, the one with the stone circle that is supposedly horrifically cursed if you step foot it in, and another 2. I've always been a massive believer in all things ghost-orientated, but even if I hadn't been I would be after my second vault visit to the room with the stone circle. I started sweating but the vaults are freezing cold, my whole body felt really uncomfortable and I felt really faint. After we left and were returning to our hotel, I noticed a set of bite marks on my arm, that looked like they belonged to a child, that I didn't even feel happening, which sort of freaked me and everyone else out. The tour guide said he'd seen it before though. Go here for a good scare, but stay open minded. Nothing worse than someone ranting about being a non-believer the whole time!
1	What happened? I used to go on these tours all the time, since it was a great way to find out about Edinburgh's history and have the pants scared off you. However, my last visit in June '13 was appalling.Our guide, Peter, was half-demented and told some stories that were vaguely interesting, but mostly rambled about knowing Sean Connery's family and being on Blue Peter (can you say "frustrated actor"?). When he took us to the "haunted vault" underground, he made no attempt to build any atmosphere, and there was no "jumper ooter" at the end. That was my last tour with Auld Reekie. They have the best vaults to tour, but have obviously given up on making any effort on giving their customers a good experience.
1	I wish I went to other ghost tour. The tour guide I had spend the first half of the tour just going around touristy spots on the Royal Mile, nothing to do with ghost or anything scary whatsoever. And the Vaults. Yes, they were creepy. And I'm glad he let us take pictures because Mary King's close tour did not let me take any pictures at all. But the tour guide was horrible for this one, he kept saying something about celebrities, which I didn't really understand or care to know, and once we were in the vaults, it was better but he didn't really make the tour exciting or anything. And torture tools, he just went over each one of them quickly, and I was just really disappointed.
