1	Oh my, a bit of an unfortunate experience here.Came here in a fit of desperation, seeing as I was just about out of contact lenses and needed an appointment as soon as possible. That being said, "as soon as possible" doesn't mean I'd like to compromise price, service, and quality. While Dr. Gipson and his staff were accommodating enough, I felt that there was something tragically... off... about my whole experience here. At first they seemed friendly enough, but my appointment was extremely rushed and everything seemed rather half-assed. At the end, I wasn't entirely sure I went to a real optometrist - the whole thing seemed so contrived, impersonal, and rehearsed. It seemed, after all, that they were simply after money (which I spent a good amount of).I also decided to change the quantity of my contact lenses a day after I ordered them (upon realizing they were much cheaper elsewhere). I called the next day to request my change and they accepted. When I came in to pick up my order, I was told I had already been charged the full amount and either had to take my order or accept store credit. Needless to say, I had no need for the store credit (what's the point of that?) and thus conceded.Definitely avoid this place at all costs!
5	The service here is good. I had an appt. to have my eyes checked for lenses as well as contacts. I also ordered a pair of glasses. I have a strong prescription, and with the thin lenses and their AR (anti-reflective) coating my glasses look like they don't even have lenses in them. There's no glare, ever! Not on pictures, not when I'm out at night...Yes, the frames are expensive (around $400) but you get what you pay for. I bought glasses from another local place, I paid 1/2 of what I paid here but the quality of the workmanship is just terrible compared to Neovision.
5	I had such a nice experience at NeoVision. I called for an appointment and was happy they could take me in the evening after work. They were also very familiar with and knowledgeable about my insurance, which was helpful because insurance can easily complicate matters.When I arrived, I was quickly greeted and the staff was friendly. Dr. Gipson was very thorough -- he examined my eyes and gave me a lot of useful information, discussing the Lasik surgery I had previously had as well as how my slight astigmatism may change over time, etc.But, best of all, they have a very high quality selection of glasses. The brands are very nice and I left feeling very satisfied with my choice. I didn't feel like I had to settle or that I had very few options, and this alone made the experience worth it. I highly recommend them.
1	Stay away from this place!! I went here because I could not see clearly anymore. Literally- my vision was awful... I told him this and he ordered me contacts to try. I did, but things were still very blurry. Two more pairs of "trying" other prescriptions later, things were still blurry, but it had been over a month of trying so I decided to order a pair of contacts that made things a LITTLE clearer. In this day and age, he didn't re-examine my eyes or give me contacts that provided good vision which in hindsight, was a red flag. (Found out later, i have an eye condition- unnoticed by Dr. Gipson!) Still, i paid big bucks for the exam and contacts so I needed something to hold me over until I went to a better eye Dr. Two months pass, and I was STILL waiting for contacts that I ordered and was told they would arrive in a week! When I would call the receptionist did nothing to help, nor apologize or try to make it right. She merely told me she would pray that they come in. And she went on praying like crazy on the phone to me, instead of fixing the problem. What?!  I finally got to a better Dr. who gave me perfect vision and better yet, checked my eyes instead of blindly making me try out contacts! It was so unhealthy and negligent what that Dr Gipson did. I had headaches and nausea for the month of blurry contacts he made me try.  Advice: avoid this place!
5	Very, VERY happy with the service at Neovision.  I have been going to them for a couple of years now for glasses and contacts.  (Yes, their designer frames are expensive, it's true. If you're looking for a bargain or a two for one deal, this probably isn't the place for you.)  I finally made the decision to get lasik done.  Dr. Gipson was straightforward with me as to what I could expect.  (In contrast to the other consultations which were nothing more than a sales pitch where I didn't feel my eye health was even considered at all.)  After the lasik procedure was completed, Dr. Gipson was attentive to my needs (and I'm a little bit high strung when it comes to my eyes.  I'm that person who goes on Web MD and convinces themselves they have every rare disease known to man).  He answered every one of my questions, and has given me great post-op care.  Very highly recommended.
4	I came here the first time because I was in a pinch and needed an eye exam because I ran out of contacts.My first appointment Dr. Gipson was very thorough with his exam. I felt he was very knowledgeable and he gave me information on Lasik and PRK.The office has a very trendy selection of eyeglasses from very high end names.  Be prepared to spend about $400 on frames.  I got some awesome Chanel ones that looked amazing!I now live in the area and continue to go for exams,  They are not as thorough as the first, but I still feel like my vision is being well cared for.
