5	This place is the real deal. I've gotten laser hair removal from many different places before, but I really like it here. Receptionist was friendly and helpful. Complimentary snacks and beverage in the waiting area~ awesome!! Jenny, my laser technician is so sweet, pretty and thorough. I like it that she dials the settings all the way up so I actually get the maximum amount of hair loss, while not getting burned. She also does a "double pass" through the same area so she catches all those pesty, stubborn hair follicles... That's like getting a double laser session in one session. I'm very careful where I go for laser because I've been burned and gypped before from bad laser places using low quality lasers like IPL or people using lower settings or rushing through the sessions so after your sessions are complete, you've only gotten about 30-50% hair loss. Jazzy Laser uses an 810 nm diode laser, Gold Standard in hair loss treatment for light-skinned people and the Nd:YAG for darker skins. I'm so excited about completing my laser sessions here because I know I'm going to get really good results working with Jenny. I'll soon be hairless like her. Best part about it, everything is super affordable and they pricematch other groupons and living social deals for first time customers.
5	I've been wanting to try Laser Hair removal for years,  I'm stoked I finally treated myself.  I came in for my first session and noticed results within the first week. More than half of the hair is gone and the remaining that grew back came in much thinner. The whole procedure was quick but not rushed. I can't wait to come back to have all my hair gone! Prices are unbeatable!!!
5	The best laser EVER in Vegas!! Great price, customer service, snacks in waiting area, and very skilled technicians. Every appointment always goes well and even got my friends to come too :)
5	I want to precede with saying I've had five laser sessions done on my lower legs before moving to Las Vegas and it still left me with about 40-50% of hair growth. My upper legs though, are virgin areas to laser. After two sessions with Jenny at Jazzy Laser, my lower legs are completely hairless!!! And my upper legs maybe has about 30% hair growth left....After two sessions!!! I'm so amazed and it's all because Jenny is so thorough. I told her after the first session that the strength isn't hitting the coarser hair so she upped it and went over everything three times. Thanks Jenny!!  Best hair removal clinician I've ever worked with.
5	Really friendly and knowledgable. They aren't trying to nickel and dime you, here. I used to go to Ideal Image, and their prices are ridiculously exorbitant in comparison to Jazzy. I have already recommended to my friends and family and am definitely looking forward to going back!
