5	Honest employees did a great job.I was weary of going to an AAMCO. I have been to other AAMCOs and have had unbelievably bad experiences. Yet, this AAMCO had a coupon on their website for a transmission fluid flush for $60 bucks, nearly half off! The staff was very courteous and prompt. I called in the evening and they got me an appointment the next morning on a SAT! They were respectful, quick, and didn't feed me any bull about something wrong with my vehicle like every other shady mechanic in AZ. They did exactly what I paid AAMCO to do and they did it well. After the flush my transmission is running brand new and was an amazing deal to help further the lifetime of my transmission. These guys are honest and will make me a repeat customer for my future transmission needs! Thanks guys!
1	Had an appointment at 8am on a Saturday. First time to a AAMCO.  No one showed up.  3 mechanics sitting around and can't get it.  Waited 30 minutes and left.  Called an hour later and nothing. Finally I call and get the manager. Instead of trying to get me in and take care of me. It was nothing about excuses.  They are right we are wrong. Blah blah blah.  Seems they close at noon and was in hurry.  So its open late and close early.  If you don't like it go someplace else.  Sounds more like it was a sign to keep me from going in.  I will pass on AAMCO in the future.
1	Let me start by saying that if I could give this place less than one star... I wouldn't hesitate.We took our van to AAMCO because we had an oil leak. That's it. One problem. After looking at our van we were told that our few hundred dollar problem was actually a $1200 problem because we also needed to replace our rack and pinion. Knowing nothing about cars we believed the manager of the shop (Bill) and gave him our money. When we got the van back everything seemed to be in order and we were happy. Bill was even nice enough to knock off some money to save us some trouble. They were closing for the day so they couldn't take care of the alignment that we needed done to finish the job. A day later we heard this horrible knocking noise in the front of the van. We called Bill and he asked us to bring it back. We took the van back in to find out our front shocks had suddenly gone bad. So now we have another $1200 problem on our hands that magically appeared AFTER taking our van to this AAMCO location. We exchanged words with Bill and got nothing but excuses and blame on us for not bringing the vehicle back sooner, and the large amount of miles... etc. According to Bill, there is no possible way that it was their fault. So now that our shocks are bad, we couldn't get the alignment completed. As a result our van has been pulling right for weeks and our front tires are completely bald. The day the excuses started we asked Bill for the phone number of the owner so we could get this issue worked out. Bill absolutely REFUSED to give us his number but he told us that the owner would call us back. Well... that never happened. Not only that, we have called and spoken to Bill on numerous occasions and get the same story. The owner is out of town, he's busy, he will call you back. The most recent time we spoke to Bill he said that the owner was not going to call us back because he told Bill to "handle" it. Well Bill's idea of handling the situation is to not call us, refuse to provide a number to complain to, and do absolutely nothing to help us. The customer service at this AAMCO is absolutely horrible and I will do everything I can to ensure they don't receive business from anybody I know.We got screwed by this AAMCO location and I hope you read this review and decide to take your vehicle elsewhere.
2	The Summary:- See my review of the neighboring "Napa AutoCare Center" for more of my horror story.- Transmission leak diagnosed as needing the leaking transmission cooler replaced.- A seperate transmission shop said that the issue could have been mistaken for a leaking cooler, but actually was leaking from the transmission vent above the cooler.- Basically, a misdiagnosis. I never got the transmission fixed so I gave it two stars. They could have been right, but not likely.The Story:Brought my 2002 VW Jetta to the neighboring Napa AutoCare Center for engine issues. Was referred here to take a look at a small transmission leak. They diagnosed the leak as needing a new transmission cooler, which would have cost $800. We decided to think on it.Eventually ended up taking it to "State to State Transmission" on Bell Road in northern Phoenix. They said the issue could have been mistaken for a transmission cooler leak, but was actually "blurping" from the transmission vent just above the cooler lines. The guy at "State to State" said they could have been trying to replace the cooler then hitting you with a transmission rebuild, which it actually ended up needing, or they were just incompetent.
1	Our repair turned out fine, however, you completely get screwed over if you need to finance the charge! Their in-house financing charges an interest rate of 180% interest rate!! So our $1500 car repair turns into a $4200 repair if we don't pay it back within 90 days. Absolutely ridiculous! They know people are in a desparate situation needing to get their car fixed and not able to fork out $2000, so they take advantage of the situation. We're just going to pay it off with our credit card since at least that interest rate is less than 20% which is nothing considering theirs!!!!!
4	We didn't have an appointment and they took us in right away with a free diagnostic.  This was a second opinion and they confirmed what the previous shop had said.  The repairs were done earlier than had been estimated and the staff was very friendly and professional.
