5	This location used to be another buisness called Boba Cafe but now it's a brand new boba place. I happily welcome them....I love that they use real fruit in my slush. Love, Love, Love it!!! I had a Watermelon Strawberry Slush minus the Boba (Boba and I are not friends) It was so refreshing and satisfying. I loved the feeling that I was drinking actual fruit and not just a sugar crappy mix...My daughter got the Mango slush which was yummy as well and of course for her she was like "Mom, this tastes different" Yes, my darling daughter, there is actual fruit in your drink-it's better for you.They have crepes as well- We tried the Butter Sugar crepe, Oh Yeah!!!!It's a crepe smeared with butter and sugar, vanilla ice cream, whipped cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce- Yes, it's just how it sounds-Hella Yummy!!!They even have a savory salmon crepe-I will try that one day....The lady said they also have a location in Spring Mountain and your stamp card can be used at both locations.So, No. 1 Boba Tea, let be the first to welcome you with open arms......
5	this place is fantastic. i go in every time I'm in the shopping center. there Boba tea is best in town. that's what the name says and that's the truth. one time i went in i noticed a text thing were you can send comments or suggestions. so i text and said they should get a bigger size than 24 oz. and the next time i went in they had a 32 oz size. talk about listening to customers. i love the place they also use all fresh fruit for the smoothies. i got an orange one for my nephew and it tasted like a raw orange it was great. the place is clean affordable and the best in town. so if your ever thinking of trying it...DO.
3	I love Boba, and since they've shut down my beloved Bubble Island in North Las Vegas I have been quest to find the sweet, chewy goodness I yearn for.With that said, I discovered this place next in the Target shopping center. I have been a few times ordering a strawberry smoothie, a mango slush and a chocolate smoothie. The base they use for the drinks is pretty bland. The strawberry smoothie is completely forgettable, the mango slush tasted like a blend of mango and water, and the chocolate smoothie was just awful (maybe because I had a milkshake on my mind and it is nothing like that!)The boba they use is really yummy, so I would in fact go back. They usually have Groupon Now each day for $3.
4	i dont care for sugary drinks so i ask for one without sugar 3 out of 4 times it was good, i guess it depends on what fruit you choose, the boba at the bottom is perfect but they dont give you enough we always order extra boba.
5	How the hell did I miss my favorite boba place opening a 2nd location almost across the street from my house?! Looks like they've been there since at least 8 months and I only discover that after summer's over, weeks before I move away from Vegas? WtfFor those that don't already know - #1 boba is the best place for boba because they're the only ones I know of that use all fresh fruits vs powders. Menu and pricing looks the same except that you can't just order boba - have to specify slush (usual boba) or smoothie (add milk). Guessing the milk is about appealing to the non Asians in the area, but the Chinatown store may have added it too. My mango slush boba was great even on a 50 degree day and they have a "now" groupon for $3. It was the reason I found out #1 was even there, so thanks groupon!
3	I' ve been wanting to try this place.  So I finally decided to check it out.  I got the Pinapple Smoothie, it was ok, wasn't sweet enough for me though.  The Boba thingy's were interesting, still not quite sure what that is, it was soft but chewy!  I doubt it if I will ever go back, but business must be great for this place, it's usally aways busy, so people do like it.
4	Finally, a boba joint in my side of town!!!The menu and quality is the same than the 1st location in Chinatown,The drinks are made to order with fresh fruits, milk and tea, not the powder crap... I always appreciate a food business that do their thing by scratch!Employees are very friendly and always remember the amount of sugar and toppings I like in my drink, now that's customer service!Passion fruit green iced tea with 2 Splenda and rainbow jelly, so refreshing!All the milk teas are great too.I haven't tried a lot of smoothie yet but the coconut lychee is amazing!Also at this location a snack menu that offer items like crepe...yes crepes!!!Oh no1 boba tea, if only you could say open later to fit my busy schedule!
5	That good they have this location too. Love the Taro and Jackfruit Boba!!!
5	Tastes just like the one located inside the Chinatown Mall! Their smoothies are made with fresh fruits and come out with the right amount of sweetness. My go to drinks are either the Taro Slush or the Avocado Smoothie with Boba. Both are creamy and rich. I hate it when taro has a powdery finish, so I am glad that their's does not.I had tried them once before during the transition stage from the old ownership and thought it went downhill. Now that they have established themselves and worked out the kinks, the drinks are delicious. I like watching because I can see them scooping out my avocado from the hull. It does not get any fresher than that.
4	Cheapest boba tea in town. This boba tea place hides in a "mall" filled with weird little shops in China town.  It's not easy to find if you are not familiar with Vegas' China town. They have so many selection and I always get the black sesame boba tea. Their boba tea is not too sweet and the boba don't seem to be old/too chewy. Way better than tea station for sure, especially their service.
4	The only thing I 'knew' about boba is the tapioca pearls can be a choke hazard.  I wasn't 100% convinced that any fruit concoction with black stuff 'floating' on the bottom could taste good.  My friend convinced me a small drink in my favorite flavor would be good place to start.  Yum pineapple that taste like pineapple! Mmm... the tapioca pearls remind me of gummi bears.  I get it, boba is meant to be savored not slurped up as if you haven't had anything to drink in a year.  Since that first taste, I've gone back to try taro, watermelon, and lychee.I seem to be hitting 'off' days because I wish the staff was a bit friendlier.  Maybe when they decide I'm a regular.
5	My boyfriend and I's favorite place. We go here like everyday. I always get coconut pineapple mixed drink or coconut banana. He loves strawberry watermelon mixed drink or papaya mango. It's all good!:)
5	I'm not going to lie...I think this place might be my newest addiction! I came here yesterday craving for something cold since it was so dang hot outside. It was fairly busy for 11 am, but she finally got to me and it was worth the wait. I had ordered the mango boba slushy (no dairy). I saw her drop in real mango and that made my heart skip a beat! Yes!!! I loveeeeeeeeeeee mangos! Anyhow, I finally got my slushy and it was DELICIOUS! The boba was not hard and old, exactly how it should be. I know I will be back especially with summer right around the corner!P.S. Get the stamp card if you love this place as much as I do!I think there is a 35 cent charge for using your debit/visa card...so just try and bring cash.
2	Got the Mango smoothie w/ pearls. For some reason, it wasn't that flavorful. I don't just mean it wasn't sweet enough (it wasn't). I mean it was hard to tell that it was mango in there. Also, I found mango fibers, which does tell me that they seem to use real mango, but the texture does detract from the experience of a smoothie. It's like finding a hair, you know? Finally, the pearls weren't at all "warm" and "chewy" as some wise Yelper named Chris V. wrote in his review of the original location. I'd definitely go there instead if you don't live right next door to this one, or maybe even if you do live close by.
2	Not a fan.  Their taro milk tea is really chalky.  It left a gritty feeling in my mouth.  I couldn't even finish it.  I VERY MUCH prefer the taro milk tea from Tea Station and Boba City Cafe better.  The second star is for the fact that it's close to home.  But really, it doesn't matter... I wouldn't come back anyway.
5	I love this place! I been a fan of this place for atleast 8 years now, when they first opened it inside the chinatown mall. Now, they opened another location that is closer to my home. The boba is cooked perfectly and always fresh. They offer different flavors and uses fresh fruit to their drink.My favorite drink right now is peach green tea, it is so refreshing and you can taste the peach flavor in the drink. I had different boba such as, milk tea, apple green tea, matcha green tea, cantaloupe, honey dew, mango, taro (powdered/fresh) you can make it half/half if you requested, lychee and coconut, pineapple and coconut, and passion fruit. I always get it with boba because it tasted better.
5	LOVE boba and love not having to drive to China Town to get it.  Number One Boba Tea owners also have the boba place inside the mall in China town.  I always get the Peach Green Tea with boba and sometimes with Lychee Jelly.  Delicious!!  My husband gets a strawberry and mango smoothie which he likes.They have mini boba on the weekends if you like that.  They also make crepes if you want a snack.  And for those you don't like boba, of course just ask and they won't add it.  They also have stamp cards where you buy 10 drinks and get a milk tea free!
3	I had high hopes for this place and really wanted to love it since it seems like the only boba place in Henderson. I got 2 avocado smoothies for me and my friend...as soon as I took my first sip, I said to my friend, it's not as good as the one in Chinatown. I'm not sure if they used less avocado in their smoothies or if the avocado that day was just not as ripe? Either way, I haven't tried it again since. Maybe I will give it another try. However, I will say that the service was friendly.
4	The farther you move away from Chinatown, it can become difficult to find good boba, but No. 1 Boba is definitely one of the few exceptions.  The thai tea is good, and the passion fruit green tea is great (although very sweet). For the same price or less than Starbucks, this place should definitely be a go-to summer stop if you're in the southeastern part of town.
4	I decided that I needed a cool, refreshing drink on a hot summer day.  As I waited for a bit, my mouth salivated on the idea of this slushy drink.  Then...they called my name.  I took an oversized straw with a pointed tip and struck the top of this drink with all my might...POP!  The sound of my straw breaking the top of the plastic closing signaled the beginning of another heavenly Boba experience.Today, I got the number 33, honey dew melon flavor for about $5.  This drink reminds me having Melona bars from back in the day.  Turn it into an icee, slushy drink with such a pleasant variety of texture, combined with the squishy tapioca Boba and you've got an ON POINT experience.  The only thing that turned me off from this amazing experience was the staff.  They seemed too flustered and didn't really pay attention to me when they took my order.  This young guy seemed all over the place and I found myself repeating my order a couple times, which irritated me a little.  Still wouldn't stop me from coming back again.  The Boba Tea is that good!If you have not tried Boba Tea, you are definitely missing out.  They have every flavor in the book and you will love it all!  My other favorite is the Thai Tea Boba.  Definitely a must try as well!
5	I go every week.  If you like boba, this place is the place to be.  Made fresh with fresh fruit (not powder) it has yet to let me down.
5	It was my first time here. I was just really craving a Thai iced tea and was really happy I didn't have to drive all the way to China town to get it. The place wasn't crowded at all and my order was ready by the time I paid for it. The drink definitely satisfied my craving and I will be back to try the other flavors.
2	I've always been a huge fan of No1 Boba Tea over in China Town so I was ecstatic to hear that they had this Henderson store which is much closer to where I live.  The thought of being able to satiate my boba cravings more often (instead of having to wait until I had something else to do on the west side of town) was very good news indeed.Unfortunately, No1 Boba Tea at the Eastern Ave location just wasn't up to par for me.  I always get the coconut smoothie with boba and lychee jelly.  China Town serves it up quick, perfectly and with gracious smiles.  Eastern?  Not so much.Ordered my usual coconut with boba and lychee jelly.  There was only one other party ahead of me (three drinks) and yet the cashier seemed harried, as did the two others who were making the drinks.  No smiles.  No greeting.  Looking very irritated to be there.  Ugh...minus one star for the non-stellar customer service.While waiting, I used the restroom.  No toilet paper and no paper towels.  Ugh...minus another star for, well, you know.The drink came and while it tasted fine, it was barely frozen.  After 5 minutes of driving with the AC blasting, my smoothie had turned completely liquid with a bunch of boba and jelly piled at the bottom.  Ugh...yet another star subtracted.They receive two stars from me...one for the fact that they actually have lychee jelly (most places don't) and the other star for their comfy chairs near the pick-up window.  As much of a long haul as it is for me to go to the other side of town, I'll pass on this store and head to China Town for all my boba and lychee jelly needs.
4	Tucked away on eastern near office depot, this place serves up some good Boba Tea. I prefer mine blended as they tend to last longer, you can leave with the flavors that many boba tea fans expect. Yes they use fresh fruit in many of there options, which has now come to be a must for me, as pure powder flavors just get old. They serve some food items which i am yet to try. Lastly, they offer a huge cup size i have never seen at any other boba location, so if you really have the urge and want to load up, sneak in and get there supersized cup!
4	This place reawakened my long-buried addiction to boba. I first tried their Taro-flavored Boba Milk Tea and its quality definitely compares to NYC's Chinatown's Ten Ren and St. Alp's. Here, they include ice while in NYC's Chinatown, it's usually shaken with ice, then poured. It might just be a Vegas summertime thing. The ice made me take a couple more steps to finish all the boba. I'm greedy like that.Their Thai Boba Milk Tea was a little on the sweet side, but expectedly so. Their Jasmine Boba Tea was super delicious and rich in flavor. Their Avocado Boba Smoothie, made from fresh avocados in front of me, was satisfying and quite filling. It could be a meal. The service here was quick, polite, and very friendly. While there's a canopied seating/table area just outside, they have about four tables inside where you can enjoy your boba with air conditioning.
3	I like Boba Tea. I really want to like this location as it it convenient. I always order watermelon/raspberry Slushie thing with boba. There is no consistency. Sometimes there's too much boba, other times almost none. And can we mention the staff...the older women who work there are crabby old Chinese women. I always feel as though I am an I position on them when I walk in. I would give this locale 2 stars except that I live in hope for improvement and they're right next to Yummy Grill Sushi & Nothing Bundt Cakes.
4	Love this place. Their service and location fits perfectly for my preferance. However, I subtracted a star because there was HAIR in my drink. About 2 or 3 strands. Please wear some type of protection from falling hair or something.
2	I hate to blow this place off for one awful drink, but I ordered a non dairy boba milk tea and it was awful. Sickeningly sweet and tough to drink. I took it home, diluted it out with some milk, and the whole thing became much more palatable. I love the fact that the prices were totally reasonable ($3.50 for a 24 oz), plus the fruit drinks looked a lot better than my own drink. Next time around I'm ordering something fruity. Hopefully I'll have a glowing 2nd review to write...
5	Delicious! I use to hate boba- it was slimy and weird but now I'm hooked. I love coming here and getting blended iced coffee with boba. I think the reason why I really like it here is because the boba is firm (well as firm as boba can get). I tried getting boba elsewhere and the boba pearls were lumpy and squishy and had no firmness to it like this place. I will never get boba elsewhere!
3	I prefer this place than the one in China Town Mall, no particular reason. Hmm Maybe because their credit card machine works! I tried the papaya  smoothie w/boba and hands down its one of the best I have had and the passion fruit mango was just too sweet! The perks with no. 1 boba is their 24oz. size drinks and it's under $4 can't beat that. Their selection too is so vast that I've only tried 4 flavors, but will eventually try the rest...
4	This is a good place to go for a quality, made to order boba beverage. They have a great selection of drinks to choose from and they do not use pre-made powders or syrups for any of their fruit based beverage. That sort of quality is important to me, and hopefully to you as well. Perhaps their name is a bit grandiose as this was not the all time greatest thai tea I have ever had (which was in thailand...) but they are considerably better than many of the franchises you can find in town, including that little stand at Town Square. The actual boba was juicy and tasted like, well...boba. It was good and I would gladly order from them again. Service is pretty much average but the prices (3.50 for a 24 oz) are pretty fantastic. This is a solid value for your dollar--I give it my blessing.
5	This may live up to its name. They have so many different flavors that i never knew existed in the boba tea world. Wish I yelped about it sooner, I cant remember all the flavors I tried. But it was somewhere along: blueberry, pomegranate, almond, papaya, passion fruit and mango/coconut (will update/correct flavors when they come to mind hehe). Yep, they also have popular concoction that they've mixed up and works! Don't think the mango/coconut was on any of my favorites (I hate coconut) but it was a favorite amongst the friends. Sad, I didn't get to try the boba (tapioca pearls) itself because I was so full at the time. This is definitely a place to stop by when you wanna get a little creative with flavors!
4	I came in and had some shaved ice, they didn't hold back on toppings like the other places do. By the time she was done I thought the condesned milk on top was going to break the container, just how I like it with enough toppings to mix evenly with all of the ice underneath. 5.50 for dessert worked for me when yogurt cost twice as much ( I really love yogurt though.)
3	I've been spoiled by the 23489283948 boba/specialty drinks shops back in Orange County. However, traveling to Vegas' Chinatown isn't exactly my cup of tea. Luckily No1 Boba is on my side of town, right next to Target so it's convenient. It's small with a few tables inside but plenty of patio seating which is shared by the other eateries in the complex. I had the green milk tea, while my sister had the almond milk tea. Both were good, but were missing a certain factor. Their boba was sweet and chewy though so Thumbs up for that. I'll make a trip back and try their other drinks (since it's so close and all) :)
4	Papaya and avocado......really yummy:-)
5	Yum yummy boba. Perfect boba not too hard and not too soft. Service was great and prices are average. Loven boba. Sorry this is short and sweet but im not one for writing about how my shoes matched my boba color and if the
5	This is the only place to get Boba on this side of town. And for this girl who feens it all the time -- its a gift. Its in the same shopping center as Bundt cakes and Yummy's so I usually splurge and do all 3. I love the teas and the smoothies - Thai Tea is always on point. If Daniel is working he is the BEST! Always sweet and helpful. Its a bit small inside but when the weather is nice my fam likes to chill on the patio area right outside.
4	Great, I have nothing to disssss them for...they're very accomodating for my unusual requests, so I'm happy about that.They have a small indoor seating area, not suggested, it's not terribly comfy, but the outdoor area next to the fountain is peachy keen!!I would definitely go back to get my boba fix :)
3	I have this place another try and it was good  taro boba mmmmm
4	Yes there's definitely fresh fruit that's mixed in your drinks. The slushes are non dairy and the smoothies are dairy. My choice for non dairy is their  Mango or Lychee one. Mango is pure fruit all the way through. The Lychee is a tad super sweet though.They have a cool selection of drink combos to choose like Watermelon/Strawberry, Blueberry/Strawberry, and Lychee/Coconut that's #50 ..mmm...smooth texture and boba pearls are soft and chewy.Love the the new Pear Ginger one. It's naturally sweet and fruity tasting with the ginger zing to it! I have yet to order something from their food menu which has some appetizers and sandwiches on it. The Spam Panini sounds interesting. Ordering  is easy. Menu simplified by their title with  #'s and drinks described by their photos. Service is straightforward and efficient.  There's a sign "Order Here" above the cashier..place order and pay for it. NOTE: There is a small charge to use your debit/credit card...Pick up your drink at the end of the counter.  Employees are not the most sociable bunch, possibly on the more shy side? They're friendly enough though. The shop is pretty small and it's fairly clean. There is seating with a couple of tables and also the patio seating outdoors that's shared w/the other places to eat in the complex. Perfect! So after you do some serious shopping in the center you can come here and chill and have your drinks!
4	Went here 3 days in a row for my boba fix. It's like a Jamba Juice with a larger more exotic selection of fruits and BOBA! It is curious how every time I come and order two extra large drinks, the prices are always different? Their mango pineapple boba with strawberry added was great. Pineapple coconut was also good. Will be a boba marathoner at No1 Boba Tea when in Vegas.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!! love, love it. I always get a 32 oz Lychee Black Tea. I personally think it's the best one. I've also tried their spicy chicken. And that was pretty good, it does have a nice kick of spice so you might end up drinking your boba more than you wanted in order to eat it. But it's good.. and the prices are beyond reasonable. As far as service the people are always nice and fast, granted I've never been in when it has been super packed. But most times you go in and order and a minute or two later you're walking out the door. There needs to be more No1's around Vegas aside from this location and chinatown.
3	I only tried this place as a suggestion from my son.  I've never heard of Boba tea but tried it to see what it was like.  To my suprise it was very tasty and different.  A fresh rush of fruit taste and like a chocolatey taste too.  If you're looking for something different with a fresh taste, try it.
4	Delicious boba tea, and it's located right near my house!  My daughter is obsessed with bubble tea so we come here often.  They can sometimes be stingy with their boba though (I always ask for extra boba, and I tell them I don't mind if they charge me, but it's never that much more than regular)  but it's overall a good boba place
5	really good canteloupe boba smoothie.
4	Love me some Boba...now to make my way through the flava's!
4	Boba has become a weekly stop for me recently.  I still remember moving out here looking for that boba stop and with No1 Boba Tea, I think I found one of my favorites.  After dinner with Shirley B one evening, we decided that we had to stop at No1 because of;A) It's one of Shirley B's regular stopsB) Just had dinner and dessert is neededC) Was told that this location was bigger, newer, and just as good as Chinatown'sThis No1 is located off Eastern Ave and carries the same line of boba drinks that the Chinatown location carries.  One big difference is that this No1 Boba carries food and the Chinatown location carries dried fruits.  If you ask me, I prefer the food over the fruits.  I didn't differ from my usual type of boba drink and opted for No 49 which is their Peanut Butter.  For some reason, this drink tasted a little different than the Chinatown location.  This was still creamy and I thought that the Chinatown location was thicker.  Also, the boba here was a lot warmer here.  But one things for sure, there was a bigger peanut butter kick at this No1 Boba Tea.  I guess when it comes to boba in general, it really depends who's making it.  Overall, I'm a fan of No1 Boba.  I can see why Shirley B makes a regular stop here.No 49 (Peanut Butter Banana minus the banana):  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/no1-boba-tea-las-vegas?userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ#f6BAUocFAQdwVKFp5DS0bw
4	I wasn't hungry for lunch but was craving a fruity boba so I headed here after reading all the good reviews. They had so many different flavor combinations, I almost couldn't decide what I wanted. I went with the lychee and coconut slush with boba. They had quite a few size options, even 32 oz, which I don't think I have seen too often for boba. The price is pretty good so I think I'd get that if I was going to share or something on my next visit. They also have a full food menu and I'm really curious about this for my next visit as well. My drink was really good. Not overly sweet and the boba had a really nice texture unlike a lot of other places I have tried in the city. I will definitely be back, I really like this place.
3	If I ever want boba I would recommend going to Chinatown but if you are in the southeast side of town ... this is the place I would choose based SOLELY on taste and not on service.Customer service wise they are not that friendly besides that fake hello and giggle.  One time I stood at the counter until the girl was done making three drinks before she actually turned around.  They also take forever to make the drinks.  Maybe they got a bunch of new girl workers or something but the service was horrible.As I'm done writing this review I would say four people got their drinks before mine and I mentioned it to the lady and she said she was sorry she thinks she lost my ticket.  Wtf?? How does that happen?  Anyways she was nice enough to stamp my card for two extra drinks.So ending on a positive note if you're NOT in a hurry and you're on this side of town ... craving boba go here.  don't forget to get your stamp card :)
2	Yelp usually helps me find new places to try in Vegas to escape chain / franchise location hell. I had high hopes for No1 Boba Tea, many of the people I follow on Yelp and who rarely steer me wrong have been there, love the place, and think it's awesome. I'm just lost as to why I paid so much for a drink that's not all that. Ok, I liked the fresh fruit...the strawberries and blueberries and all were fresh. I liked how they sealed the cup up too which was kinda interesting. And I liked how long my drink lasted as I left and got all the way to I-215 & I-515 before it was gone. But yet the drink was just ho hum. It didn't really wow me. Maybe it was my conservative first time choice of ingredients that caused me to not be going OMG this is awesome as I type this and see Nelson Q. and Rockne H.'s reviews with 4 and 5 stars staring at me as proof that I obviously must have missed something here. I welcome recommendations on what combinations are out there enough that will snap me out of my conservative food choices blahs. I'll give No1 Boba Tea another try with renewed hope that next time I will get to experience whatever magic it is that has people loving this place so much. (Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #21)
4	I pass by here all the time and have always wondered about this place.  I decided to stop in when I was in the mood for something cold and fruity. I took at least 5 minutes to review the drink options (slushes and smoothies).  There is a list that spans one whole wall of the restaurant behind the counter and TONS of options.  Whatever your fruity craving is, I bet they have that flavor.  Finally decided on a strawberry/pomegranate slush (I think #61 - how do they memorize all of these?  She knew which it was without looking, lol).  The employee, who was quiet but friendly, asked if I wanted to add Boba.  I'd never tried it before and it was included in the price of the drink so, why not?  FYI: the charge to pay with a card is 35 cents.  My drink was ready quickly and I was pleased with the presentation.  If you've never had this experience before (and I'm pretty sure I'm the only one, but I'll describe it just in case), the cup is covered with a film that is attached to the top and you poke a large straw through it to enjoy your beverage.  The straw has to be wide to bring up those boba pearls, which you can clearly see on the bottom of your drink.  Now I don't know what these pearls are comprised of, but they are chewy and jelly-like, although they were pretty tasteless to me.  The girl who made my drink put a really good ratio of boba to slush and I was bringing them up pretty much the entire time. Here's my dirty little secret: I don't like the boba.  I didn't enjoy the texture and it didn't have much of a taste to me so I'm going to skip it next time (I know some of you probably just gasped - "NO BOBA?!?" - because I've read how much you like it, lol).  I just didn't "get it".  But my drink itself was INCREDIBLE.  Perfect amount of sweetness and fruitiness and it seriously hit the spot.  Mine was a non-dairy slush so I'm looking forward to trying many other flavors and some of the smoothie flavors too.  They serve food, which I'm curious to try, but the drinks are filling so I'm wondering when I'll get the chance to try any of it.  The decor is very simple and almost "bare".  The prices are really reasonable for the drinks.  I didn't pay attention to the food prices. Can't wait to return and try new flavors but with how good my first one was, I hope I can switch it up!
4	With so many boba options, I don't feel like I should give it a five star rating just yet. There are too many I have yet to try! But upon first visit, I can say I will be back again and again. I got an avocado smoothie with boba and some veggie rolls because I was on my way to work and also starving. The veggie rolls, meh, I could do without, but they were still good. I mean fry anything and it's good, right? The smoothie, however, is where it's at.They have whole pallets of whole avocados, so they really are slicing up the fruit and then placing it in the smoothie right in front of you. Yum! It's located right next to Windy City and Nothing Bundt Cakes for those of you who like food crawls. And by the time you get done with this trifecta, it's probably more of a roll than a crawl.
4	I have visited this smoothie place for many, many years now. Why? Because they are consistent with their preparation and taste. Service can be better and that is why I don't give them 5 stars! Their staff can be cranky at times and the owner too if you catch her in a bad mood. They make up with their smoothies, so you tend to ignore their attitude. :~)They use fresh fruit and NOT syrups like most places in China Town. Their boba is nice and hot, meaning FRESHLY MADE, not sitting overnight and turning like rubber like most places that serve Boba. No 1 Boba always servers fresh, warm, chewy boba and I enjoy that! This is the main reason I go back over and over again. Give it a try and see for yourself. Maybe you will get luckier than me and get better service...maybe a smile or someone greeting you "kindly." :) Ja, ja!!
3	I went to the one on Spring Mountain Road, so I assumed this place was operated by the same owners.My drink was just average. None of the flavors really stood out and the boba didn't have a great texture. Definitely no where near as the ones I've had one off Spring Mountain Road. Next time I need my boba fix in Las Vegas, I'll remember to go to the one on Spring Mountain Road.
5	I really liked this Boba joint!$5 got me a huge 32oz with tons of boba hiding on the bottom!The drink tasted fresh, a bit sweet, but good overall!  The extra star is for the value...cheap and the portions were huge!It's a good thing I live so far away from here...I'd drink these things everyday lol
3	For Vegas it wasn't bad.  Being from LA I feel like I have access to some of the most superior boba shops ever.  But I try not to be a snob.  I got the avocado milk tea and it was delish.  The only thing I didn't like is that they're really really generous with the boba.  I think seriously 40% of my cup was full of boba.  Every single sip was just full of boba.  I like some boba at the bottom to eat them all and then have some straight up milk tea at the end, but this place had me eating boba through the entirety of my drink.My friend got the matcha green milk tea and it was just ok.If you really like boba balls you'll like this spot.
2	Not a huge fan of this place. I was craving some boba about a week ago and remembered seeing this place every time I went to target. So I go in and am hit with the smell of cleaning products. Good sign that they clean, bad when I want to sit for a while and enjoy my drink. But I didn't let that stop me. I ordered the coconut pineapple smoothie with boba. They get a star for having a stamp card, but lose a star for charging extra to use a card instead of cash. So to review the drink, there are much better places around town. The drink itself tasted like it was made with powder flavor. The drink melted so fast, even though I was sitting inside. And halfway through my drink, the boba pearls were getting frozen. I hate frozen boba!!! Needless to say, I'm still looking for a decent place for boba on this side of town:( driving all the way to china town for good boba isn't always practical.
4	Very nice selection of boba drinks. They also serve ramen that looked pretty good. Tasty, I'll be back
1	Came here after dropping by a target hoping the drinks would quench of thirst. Well.. just don't do it.The teas tasted super artificial and was overly sweet.
5	This is the best boba place in the Henderson area. Even when I go to Chinatown, I go to the one there. They use fresh fruit here, not the flavored syrups. The mango tastes like you're eating a mango! I typically get the milk tea, it's consistently just right, not too sweet, not too weak. The rest of the family does the fresh fruit smoothies and have tried many of them. We have never been disappointed.
4	This place actually has better boba tea than all of NYC's Chinatown. Their Taro-flavored Boba Milk Tea was as delicious as last summer and didn't taste powder-based. It had a richer taro flavor than most places I've sampled. I recently tried their Jasmine Green Tea with Boba and was not as impressed as I was last year, but despite this, their boba texture remained consistent. The tea flavor was very weak and super sweet. I wish their recipe hadn't changed.Their Black Sesame Smoothie with Boba (boba is optional) super-reminded me of Chinese black sesame soup, usually served as a dessert. It had tiny pieces of crushed sesame and was delicious. I coughed a couple of times from the texture, yet, I still recommend it. The Durian Smoothie with Boba had a very smooth texture and was full of fresh durian flavor.
1	I think the only reason I keep coming back to this place is because it's relatively closer than Chinatown. Every time I go, however, I leave disappointed. If you get a 24 oz. drink, they don't add extra boba, despite the size being a full 8oz. more than the regular 16oz. drink. Everything on the menu is either very sweet or very watered down. Their slushes lack flavor and the milk teas are good, but are made with way too much ice. The last time I was in here, there was a huge bug on the floor. I had to trap it with an empty cup and inform the staff that they needed to pick it up. The one good thing I do like about this place is that they offer soy milk, which is a great alternative for the lactose intolerant customers like myself. If there was a 1.5 rating, that's what I would give this place.
5	This is one of the best boba place I been to. The boba's texture is just perfect. The juice they use it fresh and flavorful.
2	This place is not as good as the one in spring mountain.  I order honey lemon green tea and let me tell u it was watered down with no taste at all.  It u have chance to pick between this one or the other go for the spring mountain one
5	Super friendly staff. The ladies are always very sweet & like to explain how they use fresh fruit which is nice to know. I usually stick with the fruity bobas. I had strawberry blueberry today. In the past their boba has been a bit weird but today it was really good. I also feel welcomed when Im here & always greeted as soon as I walk in. I'll continue coming here They now have shaved ice & will have snow fluff soon.
2	Unfortunately this is the closest boba store to me. Usually the boba is passable. It isn't great but I don't want to drive to chinatown this will do. I have had several problems here. The taro smoothies for some reason are always very grainy, and sometimes the flavor is very weak(not enough powder). I once ordered a coconut smoothie. The smoothie was a white and brown mixture. I tried it and could only taste milk tea. They didn't wash out their blender!!! This is definitely not the number one boba place in Vegas.
5	I usually don't drink much sweet drinks, but the boba tea here is an exception. The staff is super friendly, it is very clean, and they even have food. (I tried the Crab Rangoon and it is delicious!) They have a great variety of different teas. They taste natural, and fresh. Definitely, a must go.
5	The name says it all! They have the best selection in town, great prices and the only boba tea spot I've found that offers an extra large 32 oz. size! Their boba is soft and not overly chewy like a lot of places too...
5	It's been years since I had a craving for Boba.  Unfortunately playing around on yelp got the best of me.  I saw this place and started reading reviews... didn't think anything of it at first, but then 2 days later I saw it again... ugh.. .so 10min later I'm driving down here with the girlfriend... oh well... time to give it a shot.  Had the blueberry/strawberry smoothie and it was awesome!.. Service was friendly and super sweet...  both mine and the girlfriend's smoothies/bobas tasted great... fresh fruit and the such.. reminded me back of orange county trying it for the first time.  Unfortunately been back quite a few times to No1 since then... I didn't need another new habit =/
5	Awesome place to get a cool and refreshing drinks during summer. Its located across from target on Silverado and Easter. The prices are very reasonable, except for addition charges for credit card use. I haven't eaten here, since I only get boba tea from this location. I usually get mango or avacado tea. They make drinks from fresh pieces of fruit/vegie and flavored powered, milk and ice. Drinks range from 3.50 to 5.50, based on size. It can easily replace one meal and its delicious, specially on hot days.Also, they are now serving shaved ice. I need to try that soon and i'll update the review soon.
5	I am very loyal to the Coconut w/ Boba.  And I need extra boba.  Very sensational!!!
4	Can't remember the flavor purchased but it was a sweet fun drink with the little gel-like balls. It was good but watch out! Those little balls are natural laxatives. The day after drinking this super sweet gem was crucial, to say the least,  LOL! Enjoy!
3	I only come here for either thai tea or regular milk tea. All the other flavors taste artificial and powdery.
4	I'm a first time boba tea drinker so I decided to end my curiosity and finally taste it. I had the thai tea with boba and it was pretty delicious. The prices are really good for the drinks and they have so many options. I'll be back to try other stuff on the menu.
5	My favorite boba joint on my side of town!  The tapioca balls are consistently soft and chewy, just the way they should be.  The ingredients they use are fresh and not overly sweet because they use FRESH FRUIT!  Here are my favorites:- Avocado smoothie- Papaya slush- Watermelon slush- Pineapple/coconut- Lychee- Black sesame smoothie- Taro- Coconut milk tea (hot)They also offer a menu for food.  The only thing I have ordered is the popcorn chicken, which is the perfect compliment for a cool, refreshing boba drink!
1	Omg I never tasted such a horrible boba drink in my life. I came here two times to give them a second chance but I cudnt drink it anymore. I rather go to QQ Boba nearby.
5	I come here allllll the time. I want to try every flavor!!It's the best boba I've had in Vegas. I've tried a few and this place is the only one that uses real fruit. I've tried a few flavors and I have to say that coconut pineapple boba is easily my favorite and in my opinion, they best they have. I crave this allllll the time. I've also tried coconut alone and it was way too sweet. And lychee and coconut because it's so popular on here and I didn't think it was that good. I liked it and I would get it again but I don't understand why it's so popular. The mango one taste like manga and the taro was too sweet for me. But the pineapple coconut here is one of my favorite drinks I've ever had. I tried some of their food and I don't think I will again. Lost of it wasn't too great.
5	I just went here for my first time and I have to say, finally a good boba place thats close to my area! Currently, I give this place 5 stars because their drinks is delicious. I didn't get anything else except for the honeydew boba, so I only speak for that rn.. I thought only Volcano Tea could get the honeydew right but this place got it how I like it too! Just the right amount of sweetness. All the other honeydew drinks i've tried we're gross. I also havent tried their food choices yet but will soon. Good overall!
4	Not sure why I only have this place 3 stars. It's a strong 4, almost a 5. Almost as good as the stuff you get in Seattle.I love the milk tea, almond and matcha smoothies. All of the slushes are pretty good, but I usually go for a smoothie.Must try if you like Boba!
4	Love the smoothies here with boba. My fave are the avocado and green monster.  Fresh fruit and delicious. The salmon sandwich is delicious
3	I love boba milk tea's & smoothies! So I was excited to see a place around my area that makes them. When I went inside it was very clean, however not so welcoming. They weren't rude or anything, just not inviting y'know? Anyways I was craving a Taro Smoothie with boba so thats what I got. It was done very quickly, however upon drinking I wasn't too impressed. The boba was good, but the actual drink was VERY gritty. So much that I really didn't enjoy it. I am giving three stars for now, until i return and try more things.
4	This place is solid for drinks.  I have been here twice and both time the drinks were very good.  The first time i had their drinks was a large green tea and strawberry with boba.  It was very good a little bit sweeter then i expected other than that it was really good.  The second time around I had the thai tea and that was fantastic.  The food on the other hand was not that great.  First of all i asked for the chicken dumplings to go, and she actually made them for here.  I did not have a issue with it but the dumplings were a bit pricey and the flavor was average.  I think i will go eat somewhere else but to hit my boba spot This is the place to go.
5	This is my favorite boba tea place.  They have all sorts of fruits and most importantly it's all fresh and not frozen. There's usually a short wait as there seems to always be a line but it's well worth it.
3	Still on my quest for the best bubble tea in town, I decided to check out this place which is really close to my cribbie. I've been here for a few visits, and I believe that a three star review is appropriate. Its a small spot, but has pretty much everything you need. I like the fact that they offer food items as well such as ramen and popcorn chicken. I did not have a chance to try any of the savory items, but will consider it in the future.They use real fruit in their smoothies. I've had the avocado, and can say that it's pretty good. The prices are more on the steep sideLarge milk tea with boba and egg pudding - it was pricey at 6.23. I thought the tea flavor was ok, but a little bit lite. The boba was too soft and mushy. The same goes for the egg pudding. Even though the texture was off for the both of them, I thought they tasted ok. Would I want to return here? I don't know. The prices are too stiff for mediocre boba and egg pudding. I'll keep looking TYVM!
4	I hate that my kids and I love this place so much! Everything that we've had so far, is yummy!  My only complaint,  is some of the ladies who work there are rude.
5	This place is great. Great selection of boba tea and smoothies. Nice small air conditioned seating and covered outdoor seating. Price is good and service is great. Good location near target. Go try it out.
5	This is my (& my family's) go-to boba place near home. I usually go at least once or twice a week. My favorite drinks to get would be a taro smoothie, avocado smoothie, or iced coffee with boba. I recently tried their cantaloupe smoothie with boba and it was delicious. I highly recommend this place. Their location in Chinatown is pretty good, too.
5	Avocado is the best. They have a surcharge of 35 cent if you use your debit card of a $5 or less...all good I always spend more than 5 bucks here anyway. .lol...fish balls and Ramen...yum!
5	If there was an option for more than five stars, this place DESERVES it. Both locations. I've been a loyal No. 1 Boba fan, this is my go to place for boba. I LOVE the fresh fruit smoothies, intense flavorful smoothies and a variety of options. We've had amazing service from the owner at both locations. She is so nice, kind, and welcoming. Here's my story about this place... On a previous visit...after we just got back into town from a road trip to LA, I was craving for No 1 boba. So I checked the closing time on yelp, saw that the closing time was 9:30pm -- it was 8:50pm -- got there at 9:20pm and they were obviously closing up...but....  ...they happily served us! :) They did NOT make us feel like we were a burden to come in last minute before closing. BROWNIE COOL POINTS for this place! They were nice and welcoming. She happily took our orders and made our delicious smoothies quickly. Quality was still on point. I LOVE this place for its customer service and product. All around great business and the fact that its down the street from my place makes it all that much better. I'd give this place 10 stars if I could!
5	I loveeeeee this place! I don't have to drive to china town on spring mountain to get great boba  my favorite it the avocado smoothie! I am never disappointed when I come to No. 1 Tea Boba  They have wonderful customer service as well by the manager and staff .. Five stars!
1	I'm not saying this place is the worst but there are definately better! They really overpriced their menu. I paid $6 for 7 fish meatballs, which were not even that good. Also paid $6 for a vietnamese sandwich, which was way too small for that price. GO TO LEE'S SANDWICHES! It's literally down the street, also on Eastern. Better prices, and way better drinks/sandwiches. Never coming to this place again.
5	Love, love, love their boba and the variety of flavored teas and smoothies! If you're not a boba fan they have other things you can add to your drink like lychee jellies. They are very well priced compared to other places. You can order a 32 oz. for just $5 which is pretty reasonable. What makes things even better is the fresh fruit they use for their smoothies so there is no powdery taste. Their food is also good too, but I mainly stop by for their boba. I definitely recommend this place.
5	I can be a frugal person and nothing wrong with saving money when you're a college student so both my taste buds and wallet is a fan of this place. :)I ordered the matcha green tea and even though they had a steady stream of people coming in and out they got my order super fast. The boba was nice and soft too.Check this place out since it's the perfect time of the year for something cool and refreshing like boba. :)They also get bonus points for being next to Windy City. :D
4	Coming from California, I've had my fair share of what is good and bad boba. No 1 boba is always consistent with their flavors and especially their boba! Perfectly chewy but not too chewy and not bland. You can also request for your drinks to have less sugar if you're not into sweet. So far I haven't had one bad drink here and the food is actually good as well.
4	Literally my "No1 Boba Tea" place in the Henderson area. I've been coming here for years and their boba is always on point and their selection is impressive. The place itself is kind of small, but what do you expect? The food here is okay. I remember ordering a spam sandwich before and thought it was a little too greasy for my liking (even though spam itself is already greasy, haha). They have a small seating area where you can play board games as well. This is an idea spot to hang out during the summer time.
1	Very unimpressed. Me & my boyfriend came here & it's nothing compared to QQ Boba. We ordered 2 drinks & they only gave us one & we waited for 5 minutes while everyone else was getting their drinks they came in after we did. If there's a strong language barrier and your employees can't understand English, an employer with a good head on their shoulders should hire someone who can understand English (especially in Vegas).
4	My fiance and I have gone here a few times together, and we really like it! The service is quick, the restaurant is clean, and the prices are fair. We have ordered the almond milk tea and the jasmine green tea, and we loved the latter! We have yet to order food, so I cannot comment on it. My only complaint is that they are a bit frugal with the boba (pearls), especially in the bigger cups. Still, we enjoy meeting up with friends here for a refreshing boba tea on a hot (or cold) day!
5	I've going to the Chinatown location since I was a kid and I'm so glad that they have a location by house now. Of all the boba joints across the United States, this is my favorite place. No where can compare. If you haven't tried this place yet, please go try it!!! This place uses fresh fruit instead of powders so it tastes so refreshing. My favorite drinks are Mango Green Tea, Passion Fruit Green Tea, Cantaloupe Slush, Mango Slush, and Watermelon Slush:)
3	A group of us came here after a movie to enjoy some boba tea.  I got the taro milk tea with boba.  The drink was very good.  Service was quick and friendly.  The shop is a little small which was apparent when we first got there and a line formed quickly. I don't often stop for boba anymore.  I'm an iced black tea kind of person but when in Rome......What made the visit more special yesterday was that the black sheep of our group went to his car and brought in his "Cards Agianst Humatiy" game.  By themn, we pretty much had the place to ourselves and we had a good time learning this new card game.The outside patio area would be a nice place to sit in cooller months although they did have the misters going.All in all, there are so many boba places that I don't have to drive to Henderson if I want some good milk tea.
3	This place never disappoints as far as quality in smoothies go. My favorite is the Strawberry watermelon because it's so light and refreshing. The downfall is they aren't very friendly at least not consistently. And also a couple of them don't speak English very well so they couldn't answer all my questions.
5	Love this place. Like many others have said before me, this place uses fresh fruit, not powders. It makes a huge difference for drinks like  honeydew melon slush and avocado smoothie. Their honeydew slush is awesome, just pure blended fruit with  sugar water and ice. Yum! So refreshing. All their drinks come with boba and it was $3.95 for a medium, $5 with tax and tip. Pretty good value if you ask me. I've also had their taro smoothie, which I think is from a powder, since it says "taro flavored" but it was good nonetheless. I've also gotten their taro snow. Snow fluff purist might hate it because it was gritty, but I loved it because I could taste the taro. It come with 3 toppings and a drizzle for around $5. Overall a cool little shop badly needed in this part of town. The place can get crazy busy but I've never had to wait longer than 10 mins for my drink, it's like an assembly line in there. Service is ok, they're not rude but not friendly either, probably because they're busy.
5	If you are on the East side of town and looking for great boba drinks, No. 1 Boba Tea is the place!  We always used to wish China Town was closer, but we discovered that No. 1 Boba Tea is even better than the places we have been to in China Town because they use fresh fruit, not powder in most of the smoothies!!  They also have a loyalty stamp card to earn free drinks, and who doesn't love free?!  I have yet to try the hot tea, but if they are anything like the smoothies, then I am in for a real treat!!
5	I love this place! This is the most delicious Honey dew slush I've tried! Will visit again!
5	The milk teas are rich and smooth, not bitter.  The fruit slushes are made of real fruit ( not powder) and hits the spot in the 100 degree heat of Las Vegas.  My favorite for hot summer days and nights is the mango slushes with lychee jelly.  It's so refreshing!  I've tried honey dew melon, watermelon, cantaloupe, papaya and their avocado slushes and they do not disappoint.  The place has an "A" rating and the store is kept well.  They do serve snacks in the afternoon and early evening if you have a larger than boba appetite.  Parking is abundant.  There is an additional surcharge if you use credit for less than $15.  They do have an alternate location in Chinatown mall on spring mountain.
5	This is the first time I've seen black sesame boba and it is DELICIOUS. It's going to be my default order now.
4	Great boba place relatively close to my work. Had a craving for boba and coworker recommended this place. Tried my usual: boba milk tea with pudding. Not a lot of places offer pudding. This place earns their stars for pudding. Not too sweet and not too bland either. They offer plenty of choices as far as snacks and choices of flavors go. Will try out snacks next time. Plenty of parking nearby. Down side to this place is that they have an extra charge of 35 cents for orders under $5.
4	This regular black milk with boba here was just perfect. I've been looking for a great boba place here in Vegas since moving here from LA and this place is it. The tea had the perfect level of sweetness and the boba wasn't too chewy or hard. The only reason I gave this place a 4 instead of 5 is because the place smelled like trash/garbage for some reason!? Maybe it was a one time thing? In any case we will be back here because the boba was really good... and hopefully the smell will be gone.
5	I am here at least 2-3 times a week. One of the best boba spots I've been to. Conveniently close to home, and shopping. I'm a huge fan of their green milk tea with boba #3! From time to time I order food as well. Spicy chicken is amazing and a must! Staff is friendly and very quick at getting your drinks out.
5	Not sure now long this little gem has been opened, but boy have I been missing out! This is a Thai Tea and smoothie wonderland! They have a fine collection and different flavors to choose from. My favorite is the Mango Passion. Yum! A must try!
5	This place is great! My goto boba place in town. Very reasonably priced boba. Also I highly recommend you try their food. I have had the duck wraps and the egg and tomato ramen and both were really delicious. I don't know why their food isn't mentioned more cause its very very good. Way underrated in my opinion. Oh and everything is made from fresh ingredients. Can't beat that. Highly recommended!
2	I came In ordering an iced green tea with boba. The green tea was okay but the bpba was HORRIBLE!!! It tasted like day old boba.  Who serves day old boba anyways? Well... you will definitely get it here whether you like it or not. Yuck! Will definitely not be coming back...
4	Best boba in vegas! Only complaint is that the service is a little slow, but the employees work really hard to make the customer happy.
5	I absolutely love this boba place! My favorite drink to get is the avocado smoothie with boba. Their boba is wonderful, by far the softest and most delicious I've had in Vegas, and I've had my fair share of boba around here. No. 1 boba also uses real fruits, so you really get delightful flavors in their drinks. Definitely give this place a try! They even have stamp cards!
3	After having lunch at one of the numerous restaurants near Eastern and 215, I was in the mood for boba. There are only two choices in this area. Having been to QQ Boba a few times recently, I figured it was time to give the inferior location of No. 1 Boba Tea a second try.It was a weekday afternoon, and there were two employees and zero other customers. I quickly decided on the mango smoothie, the same problem product from my first visit and a favorite of mine from the Chinatown Mall location. It was $3.95 for a 24 oz cup, boba included.As with the other location, you can tell that there is real fruit because they cut it up in plain view. There is a significant difference between real mango and other things purporting to be mango, and there was real mango flavor in my smoothie. The boba was pretty nice and chewy, not overdone. There was one problem that I noticed more and more as I consumed the smoothie though: it was way too sweet. I'm a guy who normally asks for no sugar adjustments, and I didn't ask for any this time, so I was shocked that the flavor was unpleasantly sweet at times even for me.I will probably try this location again if I'm in the area and I really want fresh fruit, but for more consistent sweet drinks with (or without) boba, I will stick to QQ Boba or the Chinatown Mall location of No. 1 Boba Tea.
3	Oh with a name like No1 Boba Tea you can't help but ask "are you really number one?" Nope, nope they are not. It's not even the number one boba in Vegas, and that says a lot. The  boba itself is okay - chewy and sweet. But the drinks are watered down. I tried the honeydew milk tea, regular milk tea, and taro slush. All of them were watered down. I wouldn't get drinks from here. The venue though, is very clean. The bathroom even has a little antiseptic spray bottle for you to use should you feel the need. A friend also got the popcorn chicken, which was actually pretty good. It wasn't full of breading and fat like many other places. So overall, this place isn't bad. It's just definitely not number one.
1	Their name is very ironic because their boba is no where near the best. I also ordered one of their menu items the crab rangoons. Who can mess up rangoons right? But they did. Big time. Idk how, but all of the filling was gone in each and every one of them...And they actually had the guts to put it in a bag and sell it to us! I think they have a blind chef or someone back there. Not pleased at all. If you want awesome boba stop by QQ BOBA on eastern. The owner never disappoints and the prices are so much cheaper than tea station in china town!
2	My food, cheese & crab ragoons, were a little stale though it was just fried. I think it was the quality of the rice paper was it was not good. The filling was also tasteless. I ate one and that was all I could have. My almond milk tea with boba was bland. The boba was very very bland! They should change up the boba and use honey boba or add sugar when making it to give it some flavor! Cute place.. But as always, this will be my last resort when I'm craving boba when I'm in Henderson.
2	what the heck?? came here because QQ Boba was closed, what a mistake. i ordered my usual peach green tea with lychee jelly and what i received was peach syrup and sugar with lychee jelly. way too sweet and cant taste the tea at all, im not trying to get diabetes! the guy doesnt know how to make tea, but my bf enjoyed his honeydew slush so theres my 2 stars. the employees are awkward and look miserable. i shall not return.
