4	Years ago as a kid growing up in Musselburgh, one of the challenges thrown down in front of you would be - which ice cream do you like more, Luca's or Di Rollo's?Hands down, my response for the past 25 *cough cough* years has been Luca's. I wouldn't even sniff in the direction of Di Rollo's. But... you know what, time can change the old taste buds, and I can definitely say now that I have more than a little love for Di Rollo. It tastes creamier, I like the different flavours (raspberry ripple for the win! As is coconut). So now I tend to walk on the wild side, my opinions change, and I go against the tide of Luca's fans. Nom.
5	So today I found myself in Musselburgh (in the physical rather than spiritual sense). There was something quite unusual about standing eating an ice cream whilst I could see my breath, but it was a most satisfying experience. My folks had been here many times, but I'm brand new to the great Musselburgh ice cream wars, so I decided to try both of the village favourite parlours.  Such indulgence, I know. To compare the two establishments is like choosing between a Lamborghini and a Maserati.  Both are fabulous, but whilst the Maserati has a more subtle elegance, the Lambo is more "in your face".  This was my experience with the ice cream flavours. The S. Luca ones were great, but definitely more light compared to the fuller flavour of DiRollo. I had a double cone with Peanut Butter Crunch (a smooth Peanut Butter Ice Cream with crunchy chocolate covered nut pieces) as well as the absolute standout Turkish Delight ice cream which was gorgeous. I'd never have thought Turkish Delight would go sooooo well with ice cream, but it was a winner. No matter which flag you fly in the ice cream war, Musselburgh can count itself very lucky to have two such fantastic parlours.
5	So we've bought a house that is low and behold a few doors down from Elena DiRollo's....we thought we'd pop in as it will be our new local confectionary store. We had some of the handmade chocolates and an ice cream. Oh yum. The flavouring of the handmade chocolates are spot on. I've just popped strawberry mousse one in my mouth just now and oh boy did it taste like strawberry. The staff are so friendly and patient! lol. I can't wait for when my wee one is grown up enough to pop in there as his local sweetie shop :) I had a fab one growing up and now I know he will too!
4	One of the "Great Edinburgh Mystery's" Why does everyone Que outside Lucas in Musselburgh for a cone in the summer ?? when a far superior Ice Cream Parlour is just round the corner, many more delicious flavors ??? Oh,and hand made chocolates on offer too Which are v yummy !!
