3	The restaurant setup is good and there is plenty of room for people. We went to try it out with the kids. There are plenty of TVs for watching games, etc. Service: They did a good job with the place somewhat busy, we even made a special order that came out 100% correct (you'd be surprised how often that doesn't happen). Food: If I've trying out a new place I go with the old faithful 'Pepperoni Pizza' I've got vast experience in this 'genre' of food so it gives me a baseline to work off of. Problem is I didn't hear the waitress correctly and she asked if I wanted Pesto sauce on the pizza and I said sure...not knowing what she said, clearly my mistake, I should have clarified, well turns out I did not like that so, I can't give a clear look at the ole faithful, pepperoni pizza. My wife enjoyed the Salmon salad.
1	Not impressed, very un Italian food, bordering on tasteless. Very weak sauce on my baked spaghetti. And the primo pizza was slightly better than lean quinine.  The trivia announcer that was having problems pronouncing the long words in the questions didn't help any.
3	I hadn't been to Phil & Tony's since they moved from the Arboretum area to Matthews.  We walked in and I was quickly impressed by the change in decor.  It seemed...fancier.  The open kitchen, the booths, the warm lighting, the decor.  And then we were seated at a table in the big, cold, sterile, open room next to all that that was surrounded by TVs.  We looked around.  There were large parties everywhere.  In the bar area, outside the bar area, next to us, two tables away from us.  We were the only "table for two" in the immediate area.  Everyone else had 10 or 12 in their party.  There were Christmas parties, big friend get-togethers, and I think even a bachelorette party (?).  Everywhere there was a large party except in the warm room as we first entered.  We were there to have a relaxing dinner after a long day, not to watch sports in a noisy, brightly lit room.  Naturally, because of all the large, needy parties, it didn't bode well for us service-wise.  We started with the zucchini sticks -- yum.  I love when restaurants offer these.  They're usually very affordable and oh-so-good.  And I pretend they're good for me because, hey, they're vegetables.  For my entree, I tried the Spicy Pesto Chicken Pasta.  It was good, and it was big enough that I could make two meals out of it.   I wished it had more spiciness and pestoness to it, though.  The "blackened chicken" wasn't really blackened so much as it had some spices on it.  And, yes, we had to wait several times between courses for our server who was busy with the large parties.  It was a long dinner, which wouldn't have been half as bad if we were in the nicer, warmer, quieter room.  Would we return?  Hmmm...probably not.  I can get the same or better dishes elsewhere that have a better atmosphere.
1	I hold that there are a few mortal sins when it comes to running a restaurant.  One of these is swindling your customers with cheap food.  Now, I don't mind cheap food when it comes at cheap prices; in fact, being broke more often than not, I have been known to gladly eat that which is inexpensive.However... serving cheap food at great expense is one of the worst wrongs a restaurant can commit in my eyes.  Our Tuscan pizza cost nearly $14, and it was awful.  The crust was a flavorless cracker, and the "pesto" sauce was nearly nonexistent and very bland even in the spots where it did deign to cover the crust.  The cheese coverage was miserly; the tomatoes were translucent and orange; and there were only two bits of artichoke hearts on the entire pizza.  I could have made a better pizza myself for a quarter of the price.Phil and Tony's positive word-of-mouth in Matthews baffles me.  Service was attentive, but it was truly one of the worst values I have ever encountered in a restaurant.
1	The place is now Amor de Brazil, which is a much better place than Phil and Tony's ever was.
