5	Great dentist and hygienist and the staff. Very courteous and helpful.Sandhya is an excellent dentist and has been my dentist for past few years. I don't have to wait long for appointment and the never had problem with any service.
5	I have been going here for 8 years now! I have never witnessed such friendly and caring staff. Your comfort is of utmost importance to their staff. Because of them i am no longer afraid to go to the dentist!
5	II highly recommend this place very professional and family oriented.
1	I came to Dr Anantuni for a 2nd opinion. Although she seemed stiff and but she seemed like she knew what she was talking about. So one root canal later (different endontist), I had to come back in for a crown. Upon arriving her front desk immediately asks me to pay for the procedure, which I did...I was then immediately deferred to Sandi, Anantuni's assistant. She hardly spoke to me and was exceptionally rude.  When she did it was only to bark commands such as "open" as she forcefully prepped my teeth or to inform me I had to pay $42 out of packet for a 3rd exam not covered by my insurance otherwise I have a semi-annual cleaning since they wouldn't know what kind of cleaning to give me.  I responded that I had never heard of this, eventually she slinked away for 5 minutes and still came back with no answer. Anantuni's demeanor was no better. No explanation of what was happening to me was given. Both Anantuni & Sandi periodically  paused to stare blankly at the TV playing Good Morning America while working on me, which I found DISTURBING. After Anantuni was done with her portion, I was still stuck with Sandi to take images for my crown. I gagged twice from dry mouth while Sandi ignored and continued suctioning & probing.  Ironically she was training another assistant on how to gag people using the same technique.  I was offended nearly to the point of tears during the first appointment.  Unfortunately, I had to go back for them to bond the crown & I had already paid.    To my horror, the 2nd visit was even worse. My crown did not fit even remotely, as Sandi forced it on. Sandi told me not to move when I shifted out of pain. She attempted for force the crown on with floss 3x.  Each time the floss caught the crown and cut into my gums  In the mean time, she X-rayed me twice due to poor fit.  Eventually she gives up and Anantuni fits my crown. Sandi's parting note was to take Tylenol & rinse with salt water to promote healing.  When I left my gums were still bleeding and bruised.DO NOT COME HERE. I'VE CONFIRMED THE SIMILIAR EXPERIENCES WITH SANDI FROM 2 OTHER PATIENTS.
5	I have been coming to Dr. Anantuni for over 10 years now and I highly recommend her services.  She and her staff treat me like family and the feeling is mutual.  Her office provides the highest level of service and no matter what the procedure, I'm 100% at ease under her care.Dr. Anantuni's commitment to her craft is without equal.  Her office is state of the art and she uses proven tools to get you in and out of the chair as quickly as possible.She's simply the best.. better than all the rest!
1	We will NOT be returning to this practice. A few months ago my husband went for a checkup and complained of a sensitive tooth. The dental assistant swore nothing was wrong and sent him on his way. Last week he's back for another cleaning. Low and behold the tooth is cracked so he's been living with unnecessary pain because of someone's ineptitude. He was also informed that a piece of filling (which they did not even two years ago) had chipped and gotten lodged in between his back teeth making him unable to floss. The dentist told him he'd need to come back so she could grind out the rogue piece. For what? A cost upwards of $200?! With a $7 dental pick and five minutes, he was able to remove the piece. Simple as that. Where are all the honorable "family practices"? Certainly not here.
