2	This was the third Old Navy my girlfriend and I visited in a weekend in order to find a specific pair of shorts in her size.  Luckily, they had the shorts, but not in the color she wanted, but she settled on another color.  The fitting room person was nice and didn't ask for a name and amount of clothes to write on the outside of the door like the other stores.  I can understand amount of clothes, but I think writing your name on the door is a bit strange.The checkout service was much less than desirable.  There were two checkout girls, helping one customer each with only a few articles of clothing.  It took us 20 minutes to get the people in front of us so we could be rung up.  The checkout girls kept going back and forth between each other and the customers on what the sale criteria stated and how to actually ring it up.  It took one girl 10 minutes to ring up 2 sets of socks.  However, I don't blame the people.  I think the problem stems from the way their systems work.  For example, the promotion will be "Buy one, get the second half off."  But it's rung up as 25% off both items instead of one item full price and the second 50% off.  Strange.
2	ive been here a total of 3x. 1st visit: AOK. Would have given 3 stars but they were sold out of the Saturday special which was $3 tanks. 2nd visit: NFL team shirts. Sold out. I ended up buying a guy's Cowboys tee. I dont care for mens' clothes b/c they dont accomodate for female curves but ah well. 3rd visit: This past Saturday, just a few days ago. No specials just came it to ck it out. Found 2 v-neck shirts I liked. and upon check out the girl made a comment:Her: "Is this all your going to buy?"Me: Yes it is.Her: but theres so much on sale. Me: Yes, I imagine there is.Her: Well didnt you look @ the wall over there, we've got XYZ shirts for XYZ amt. Me: oh yea. must have missed that. Her: so is this all you;re going to get?Me: yes that will do it. (smile.. )Her: (confused) Well did u see our middle isle with Yoga pants and tops for XYZ priceMe: yeah but I'll jsut take this for todayHer: oh.. ok. well if thats ALL you're going to take your total is $19.whateverReally? Why would you feel the need to plug all your sales in the store @ the checkout line? Shouldn't that be reserved for the people that walk the store trying to get you to take one of those Navy Blue mesh bags... I thought it kinda rude for her to keep harping and making comments that I should be buying more. Are they that hard up for $? I'm not boycotting Oldnavy but sure doesn't make me want to return to the store anytime soon. Not with this kind of attitude. Come to think of it, that was the consensus of the entire strip mall. I dont think they think I'm spending enough.
2	Was drawn to come in here today from an ad for $2 tanks and when I arrived there were only a few left that were XS and S.  i guess I could have bought a couple if I wanted one tank for each boob but...nah!  This store never seems to have enough sizes available when there is a sale....was really bummed!
1	This review is mostly for this location, but also old navy in general. I used to shop at old navy occasionally for casual, comfortable clothes, I knew I could go there and grab a shirt or a pair of shorts if I needed something asap, but I swear the last handful of times I've been I have noticed their quality of clothes has gone WAY down. They are so cheap looking, finally I had to ask an employee because I was curious, if they has switched manufacturers, I mean I know clothes are made all over asia and corporations will go wherever it's cheap, but seriously this place looks more like forever 21 or one of those cheap discount stores now. I used to purchase the plain white v-necks to where under my scrubs at work, and the last ones I bought fell apart after a couple washes. The line of clothes that has been put out recently, they are hideous, they don't even look good on the mannequins, so imagine what they look like on a real person! Onto the employees, I'm waiting in line to purchase one item (yes I found one thing to purchase after all that griping) and the girl behind the counter has 2 atrocious lip rings, I mean really? That's what you want             representing your store? Then another guy that wasn't taking customers, maybe because he was too busy smacking his gum and answering text messages (with his phone alerts going off constantly) I'm embarrassed that I even came to this place. I'm done. I foresee the place going under soon.
3	When I was in high school, I would shop here for inexpensive clothes. They have a wide range of styles and sizes which was always a plus for a big kid. I was on this side of town and stopped by to look through. The few things I liked did not come in my size. I guess the selection has gone down a bit, but nothing to warrant me not to come back. The store still has a familiar layout and is easy to navigate. I am a fan of the plaid, but other than that, the prices are similar to other higher quality stores. From time to time, there are some good finds, but not consistent.
4	Budget friendly and my go to place lately for jeans since they come in all shapes and sizes.  I've been gradually losing weight and have had to buy different sizes here.  I never have had a problem finding jeans in a size that fits. Im down 6 sizes now and rockin' the skinny jeans! Woot!Everytime I've been here, this store has always been neat, everything is nicely folded and merchandise is sized making finding your size easy to find. Hit the clearance area in the back first. You'll find newer stocked merchandise that's been on the floor as recent as 3 weeks to the oh so that's 2 seasons ago clothes for dirt cheap!  I had needed some summer wear for my Hawaii trip in the middle of winter and this was the place I found cute tank tops for a dollar!! How can you go wrong with tank tops for $1? I know right??   Love it because they also have  NFL licensed 49er apparel for the whole family! The 49er tees for women are cute and prices are reasonable too.  They also have collegiate wear. I was happy they had a Hello Kitty USC Trojan tee!  Staff on floor are friendly and willing to help, that goes for the attendant too in the changing room who will go out and search get the right size I need. Checking out has always gone smoothly. They have one line formed and cashiers help the next person in line thing. What's so fun about this place too is they even have outfits and accessories for you pooch! I can always count on Old Navy for sure!
3	This location is just alright. It's your standard old navy. I give it 3 stars because it always seems that the ladies section is never fully stocked. There's a certain area that always seem to be empty. What's up with that?
4	My review is based on what I think a person could reasonably expect from Old Navy.  If you go there expecting high quality designer clothing at earth shatteringly low prices then my star rating would make no sense.  But this place is great for what it's meant to be - okay clothing at a good price.  Parking is easy here and the store is always organized and clean.  Although I'm not a large person I am curvy and, despite all the different cuts and fits of jeans, I just can't find jeans that fit here.  But I love this place for gym clothing and pj's - anything that's supposed to be comfortable but not necessarily worn fashionably.  Their accessory collection seems to have grown over the past couple of years and the prices are very reasonable.  I bought a pair of hoop earrings here (for like 4 bucks!) and the clips wouldn't stay closed.  I kept losing one of the earrings but in places it would pop up again - the car, in the couch cushions, a friend's house, etc.  Eventually I just lost it and it never turned up again but it was only a 4 dollar loss lol.  I still have the other earring if I find it again in the future.  I think my favorite things are the coats - very inexpensive for something that keeps me warm and isn't needed all that much in Las Vegas.  The prices are good so I can switch up my outerwear frequently.  My husband says that the men's section has gotten smaller over the years.  Only like two aisles of men's stuff and most of the store is women and kids lol.  I guess I haven't noticed that because I don't pay much attention to the men's clothing.  They also have cute things for pets like toys and collars.  I love going into a place that has stuff for my pupster too because he's like a spoiled child :) Overall a good place for inexpensive clothing, outwear and accessories as long as your expectations aren't *too* high.
4	This location is consistently busy. If big sales are on, I wouldn't even bother trying unless you are prepared for war with moms and toddlers. The selection here is usually good and shelves seem well stocked.
3	How I love to hate ON... Being a xl/1x border line plus size, it is terrible trying to find clothes in this store. They only seem to carry up to a size Med in stock. How are us large girls supposed to order from a catalog to determine if something fits and then can't even return it in store? Takes forever... Also, their maternity section is lame-o. Only a few stores carry maternity, this being one of them. Was in last week and not one xl or xxl in sight. Not one shirt, skirt, pant, short, nada. So disappointing. Why even carry a maternity section if you aren't going to stock it? What was available was one wall with about 4 different styles in about 4 different colors and was so disorganized. The girl up front did seem like she wanted to help, but could only do so much with limited stock. Ended up ordering online sighs. Unless you are a child or wear a xs-med, might as well try another store.
3	If you are willing to dig through the clearance section, there are some unbeatable deals available.  Other than that, the prices on casual wear are good.  Their seasonal items can get a little pricey.  The store is a little messy- but the sales people always seem to be straightening something!  It's hard to find a decent pair of jeans because of my curves....but the tops here are great.
4	I really like Old Navy. They have recently redone this location and it is very nice now. I really like their clothes. The only downside is that the clothes don't really hold up for long and have to be replaced. They will only usually last the season.
2	Probably one of the worst Old Navy stores I have been to. I was looking for a certain type of jean that was located on the jean wall. I knew exactly what I needed but it was impossible to find on the un-organized chaos of the jean wall. Keep in mind, this was at 10am on a Saturday, the store was dead, and employees were staring around and talking. Apparently no one faced the night before?! Sizes weren't in order and I was literally sitting on the floor pulling out stacks and stacks of jeans. Finally, someone came along and asked if I needed help. I told her what I needed and so she checked inventory. Apparently they had 2 but they were no where to be found. I was looking for a pair in the dark blue wash, skinny jean. She found the pants I was looking for in the bootcut black section. Well, no wonder I couldn't find it.
3	Old Navy has always been a shopping staple in my life but it just isn't the same to me as it used to be.   Maybe I'm getting old and not 'in style' anymore! That being said they still have summer tanks that are comfy with a huge variety of colors for me to pick from.   Plus the prices are good!  Usually you have to buy two of the shirts to get the sale price but that's fine by me.   2 is usually my minimum.  Their clothing displays are always well organized and eye appealing.  Along with the displays, the store is clean, open and airy.  Customer service here has lacked in my experience.  There isn't too much customer interaction and too much interaction among just the associates.  Maybe that's why it seems their lines move very slow.  I'm hoping this will change in the future.  All in all I can always find a good deal on the shirts I like.  Thanks Old Navy for your excellent prices.
1	This review is just for this location!! They have a very Poor Customer Service! Was just only asking for an extra bag and they didn't gave me one! Oh come on?! Its a just a fckn cheap PLASTIC bag people! I bought a lot of stuff from you that's why I'm asking for an extra bag! Unlike at Victoria's Secret and Macy's, and all the other stores out there, They are always KIND and VERY HELPFUL to their customers especially if their customers are buying a lot of stuffs on their store! FYI employees on this location, Your customers are the bloodline of your business!! Intiendes????!!!
4	When I was younger, I thought that Old Navy flip flops were the bomb.... But I moved on to better things...and haven't been to an old navy in years. After seeing some of their ads on TV, and that their jeans were starting at $15...I decided to make a trip down to the store closest to my home.I had my daughter with me (in her stroller) and as soon as we walked in, I could feel how hot it was in the building. I headed to the right of the store, where most of the ladies' items seemed to be.Then, it was looking for the right size, color, cut and length. I pulled the "sweetheart" jean, because it is for "curvier" body shapes. I grabbed two different sizes, and two different lengths....the "regular" length, and the "long" length.The fitting room situation is a tad crowded. They have two clearance racks, and I guess the line for a room is to start there. The older woman who was working the rooms, saw me, and immediately checked the two larger handicapped spaces so that my daughter and I could fit with her stroller.I didn't even have to ask! To me, this was extremely thoughtful...She even held the door open for me so that I could get in. I counted out my items to her, and she told me not to worry, that I could take in as many items as I like.She then politely shut the door behind me.Trying on the jeans, I was impressed with the way that they fit...I have jeans that are $200 a pair that fit me just as well...I usually only wear boot cuts, because I have never been able to find a pair of skinny jeans that fits me appropriately.I am very bottom heavy....(thanks mom and dad...) However, with Old Navy's "sweetheart" cut/fit, the skinny jeans fit me, and looked more flattering than the boot cuts. I also liked that they had a decent size "rise" to them...not too low cut and not grandma up to my ribcage high... Just enough support.  I definitely needed the longer size though. Then started my journey of finding the "long" size. I was impressed with how well the jean wall was maintained...especially with a sale like this going on. I was only digging because a lot of the larger sizes (size 8 and up) were just thrown on the bottom shelves, disorganized and not in the proper stack....I did find the "long" size that I needed, it was a darker denim wash than what I wanted...but I was happy to find them.Check out....is.....ridiculous. They have items that surround you while you are waiting in line....Food, toys, makeup, socks... you name it, it is there. I know that I am only feeling a tad negative about the check out process, because there are some parents who can not handle their children. Running up and down the line, (which is a tight squeeze)... throwing items on the floor, etc. The heat didn't help my attitude, by this time, I had a sweat mustache, and my hair was sticking to my back..My cashier was friendly... and gladly accepted my email coupon. (sign up for old navy emails and on your first purchase, you get 20% off)...and I was even happier to see that it worked on the jeans, even though they were on sale.All in all.... I have a great pair of jeans, at a decent price!
5	A breath of fresh air as far as customer service! This Old Navy is better than the one at Town Square. Tons of stock and I am loving the Fall line!  The associates were amazing and super helpful. Very attentive and upbeat. We came in 30 minutes until closing and they never tried to rush us out. They gave great service even though I'm sure they were ready to go home too. I will definitely make the journey to Henderson again for this store. An $39 sweater was mislabeled on sale for $25. When it rang up full price, we noticed the sign the was wrong and they automatically changed the sale price without giving any hassle.  That's great service!
