1	The most ridiculous excuse for a station for any kind of public transportation Ive ever seen. I cant possibly write a review that would be bad enough to talk about this place and how crappy it really is. All the negative words you could use to describe a location...you could use about this place...and the company Greyhound...that serves it.
1	LOL. These other reviews make me laugh. So I've gotten weird solicitations from crackheads here at night so my BF was with me until I was on the bus. So the other people here arent alone in this. That was my first time and the only way I can get out of Vegas for cheap on a holiday weekend to see my mom last minute. Kinda scary but not the worse. A  scarier stop I can think of is Downtown LA greyhound which is located in slum city....like streets and alleys adjacent have tents and carts parked up and drumcan fires. Had to pick up a friend there....and it was daytime and equally scary as this place as night. Nighttime there...fuck that- my friend can take a cab to main, safer Downtown where I'll be waiting. It's almost like every greyhound is in a seedy area though. Seedy areas for a shady company. Now I have patience and am fairly objective and give chances to companies but never again greyhound. Last incident, my second time taking GH:Tried to buy tickets online and it wouldnt go through...it says "try again" etc....next day I tried again and it went to a blank page. Looked at my debit card right before the day I needed to go to Cali and saw I was charged twice. Figured I'll go straighten it out in the station and just get my one ticket and refund the other. There was no tickets there for me. But I was charged for two roundtrips?! She said to call corporate. It was early morning and those pencil pushers werent open/answering yet. So fine, I'll buy another ticket. It wouldnt go through because of the two ticket purchases my card wouldnt let it. It was 30 minutes until the bus was leaving. Tried to see if I can call my bank to maybe tell them to authorize it- it's still closed. Tried an ATM, my card is completely frozen. My mom in law didnt have cash. I had to go home, get cash from grandma and take a later bus. It was screwing up a bit of my plans, but I can make it for most of the days itinerary still....until the bus is delayed an hour plus boarding time....hour and a half. Later I realize this too wasn't as fast as the morning bus, this one had a meal break as this was a connector bus for people going farther than Los Angeles. Damn....so 2 extra hours plus the 4 1/2 to get there. Forget all the plans. I was gonna make it for dinner if I rushed from the station. On my return trip, my mom was late in getting me as her shift relief got stuck in traffic and she cant leave her patient alone. Got at the station in time to buy a ticket and such. The bus left without me! I was at the station buying a ticket The ticket sales dude forgot maybe o say hold on!! My mom chased the bus and I was waving and trying to show the man my ticket. He looked but no action. We were at coming to a stoplight...if he wanted to he could have let me in during that light. I had to take a 6am express flight back to Vegas so I can make it to work. They canceled the two charges on my debit card but would not refund my ticket from the bus leaving since I was "at fault for not showing up earlier". I was there buying my ticket- they left me, 5 minutes earlier than scheduled too so I thought I should've been safe. This was some sort of cosmic karma joke I thought, but after telling friends and family- many offered stories of GH mishaps. Never again. No "last minute" trips using Greyhound.. Booking 3 weeks ahead for the Southwest Airlines "Wanna Get Away?" specials or driving or I'm not coming at all if so and so decide they are having a birthday party this weekend afterall. I'm staying home!
3	The station it self is rundown but the staff was helpful. They told me about priority boarding and I used it for my bus to denver, which was only $5. The only good thing about the station is that there is as McDonald's near by and is near freemont street if you have a long layover if you want to try your luck gambling.
1	I wanted to get out of Las Vegas and go to San Diego. Really bad, it was too late to get a good deal on airplane tickets by the time I started planning it, so Greyhound was the next best thing. A lot of people were warning me against it and no one likes to travel by bus anymore but I figured it really couldn't be that bad.Turns out, it wasn't that bad. It was worse.I love Downtown Vegas and have been desensitized to the seediness for the most part, but despite the ~glamorous neon-sequin facade, this station freaked me out. I can go to the Gold Spike, stay in a room at the El Cortez, walk back and forth to the DTC(at night), wander around in alleys surrounding the Arts District, and take a drive on Fremont east of 6th St. all without a problem, but this station scares me. The thing that makes it even scarier is that the LA station is actually nicer(granted, I was there during the day, but it was much larger and spacious, there weren't as many drug addicts and scumbags hanging around and it was MUCH cleaner. HOWEVER, they also have no idea what they hell they're doing at this station, I'll go into detail about that later). It's loaded with questionable figures who quite possibly were just hanging out(or maybe even LIVING there) instead of waiting for a bus. It smelled like a bleached sewer and our bus ride was even delayed due to cops coming in to investigate something. The staff was nice and helpful at this location though(but that's really not enough to warrant another star). Anyways, I got on that bus, and it sucked so much. I'm about 6'1 and these seats were incredibly cramped, I believe there was a point on the ride where EVERYONE on the bus was asleep except myself because I was so uncomfortable.So after about almost 6 hours of leg discomfort, we FINALLY get off at the LA station so we can transfer. One problem though, there were TWO buses scheduled for San Diego and both of them were late, there were people waiting for a San Diego bus for up to 3 hours. Since the buses didn't seem to ever pull up to the right door anyway, whenever we asked a ticket agent if a bus was going to SD they would get very rude and impatient with us. We weren't trying to scapegoat them at all, but our bus was 2-3 hours late and we were looking for answers. Just tell us whether or not the bus was going to San Diego, simple yes or no question that doesn't require being handled in an unprofessional manner.Thankfully, this bus was much more spacious. My legs finally had room, but this was already such a shitty experience that pretty much nothing could have made up for it except finally getting off at my intended destination.No wonder no one likes riding the Greyhound bus. Very shitty company with very shitty service and very shitty procedures. If I ever need a quick travel fix again, I'm looking up a charter.
1	:(I missed my bus by 3 minutes, because it took nearly an hour to get to the station from the newer/cleaner/safer part of town.I had to wait 7 hours for the next bus to leave at MIDNIGHT. The bus I finally rode home on was disgusting and had the WORST people on it. I think a ride home in the back of a police car would be more comfortable.Actually, I'd be more comfortable riding in the back of a hearse in my own casket, than a seat on the Greyhound from Las Vegas to Los Angeles.Also, I heard too many details about the sale of OxyContin while waiting in this bus station.:(Can the government test nuclear weapons on this property?
2	they overbook their routes. be careful. if you have a trip, show up over an hour early and get in line so you are assured a seat on the bus. bring sunglasses and earplugs due to the rude people playing their cellphone games and laptop games. and the other people that keep that light use your sunglasses to block out the light.
2	If can avoid taking this bus to travel I will. Everyone fears the greyhound seeing that it just is unsafe. They don't search you and you constantly find some crazy person on the bus. I have been on the greyhound many times, and they have to either throw someone off the bus or someone talks to themselves in the back row. I just get concerned a bus driver is going to fall asleep from driving in the middle of the night for hours on end. Only good stars greyhound gets is the prices. Gets you where your going for a inexpensive and reasonable price.
2	G = GangstersH = Hood ratsE = EsesT = ThugsT = TrampsO = OutlawsThat's the most accurate word I can use to describe this Greyhound station and my overall Greyhound experience.Let's rewind to a few days before my journey. I found out that my ride to Vegas bailed and all the other rides in our group are going back a day later than I need to. Last minute airfare is $300+, Mexican bus from San Diego is a 10 hour ride, and I'm not about to drive to Vegas by myself. Solution: drive to Riverside, catch a ride with a friend, leave my car at another friend's house, take Greyhound back to Riverside from Las Vegas, taxi to friend's house, and drive back to San Diego. Easy enough, right? It actually was, but not without some interesting adventures along the way. For $25, I booked my ticket from Vegas to Riverside online. A great price for such a long journey; I'll give them that. They maintain a high tech website, and you can print your ticket right away.When I got to the station, I felt like I was transported into a whole new world. I went from staying in an executive suite at the Vdara and sipping Fat Tuesdays by the pool to a congregation of homeless people, creepers, and 400 lb cholas. At one point, I was scared to look at one person for more than a second in fear of them instigating confrontation. There is absolutely no organization here whatsoever. One huge line with one attendant to handle the needs of all passengers. I suggest you straighten out all your questions and concerns before you get there, or else you won't make your bus. There's no displays on where to line up; you just have to be there to hear the gate agent call the destination. Having a ticket DOES NOT guarantee you boarding, so make sure to get in line early. I find that to be an idiotic policy, but does anything here really make sense? The bus itself was very old. Seats were stained, all surfaces were worn down and dirty, and once in a while you would get a whiff of the most random unexplainable odors. For the most part, the passengers were quiet and just kept to themselves. I actually met a few nice people who were also taking the bus for the first time due to unforeseen circumstances. Arrival in Riverside was about 3 hours late, which made everyone stopping in San Bernadino 30 min earlier miss their connection. I don't think I want to know what they ended up doing. The whole ride was very slow and featured one rest stop in Barstow, where of course the entire bus loaded up on McDonalds because they just don't know anything better. At this stop, I ran into a couple of guys with teardrop tattoos (Google it), hookers in fishnet leggings, and hardcore bikers. Definitely not my scene. Overall, it was a highly unpleasant experience, but a decent enough option if you're really on a budget. Just take all the necessary precautions and keep an eye on your belongings.
3	Not bad for a bus station at all. The Security is very good here. Friendly and Professional. Most of the greyhound workers are less than helpful, but that is the fault of the manager, I think his name was George. He came out twice and yelled at the employees, yelled at Security than went back into his office instead of actually supervising people or improving any aspect of the operation or employee development. The restrooms were clean, but the vending machines were broken. They have a McDonald's next door at the Plaza Hotel, so no big deal.
1	I went here once at 8 am just to pick up a friend. NEVER AGAIN!So I park my car around the back and make my way to the lobby. I have yet to walk 5 feet when a homeless dude just comes out of nowhere and asks if I have any change I can spare. I tell him im married. Lol. He just looks at me like wtf? So I continue on. This time I am able to walk about 20 feet before I see another homeless dude pissing on the wall. That explains the piss smell that everybody on here is mentioning in their reviews.So I finally make it to the waiting lobby. I find out that the bus my friend is on is gonna be late about an hour. Great. Can't really go back to my car and do much with an hour so I decided to stay in the lobby. Big Mistake.I gotta give a shout out to the security guys and gals that have to force themselves to come work here because for the next 60 minutes, you got crackheads walkin around asking for money, prostitutes tryin to get some work in, their pimp walkin around makin sure they get their money, (I think it's the same guy strung out on crack. Great, a pimp that's a crack addict), and young punks that are probably lookin to sell their "stuff". The security guys are walking around the whole time making sure these "shady" people go on their merry way. Of course they have to leave them alone if they say they are waiting for their party to arrive. Finally, after about an hour and a half later, my friend shows up. Instead of giving him a hug and a how are you I said, "Next time, pay the extra cash to fly or rent a car cuz im not coming back here!" As soon as I got home, I quickly jumped in the shower for fear of contracting some unknown disease just by hanging out in the lobby for 90 minutes.So yeah. IT IS AS BAD AS THEY SAY IN THESE REVIEWS!
1	Arrive one hour late for your scheduled trip and you'll probably be on time.  Greyhound service is always late.
4	My experience at this greyhound station was nothing but good. I took an 11am bus to Riverside, CA and had no problems at all. The station doesn't smell, in fact it was very clean, restrooms were also clean and the staff was very nice.  I was apprehensive to come here after reading these horrible reviews but am glad I did so I could share my positive experience.
5	I went in to buy a ticket from Las Vegas to San Jose on July 7th after July 4th weekend and they were slammed.  As an organization, I would probably rate them 3 stars but I wanted to give a 5-star rating specifically for the 5'5, 20-something year old blonde girl working the counter. I think her name was Sonny.    All I can say is that whatever they are paying this girl, it is not enough.  She more or less single handedly handled a ton of irate customers and problems (like canceled buses) with the epitome of Grade A customer service.  I can not say enough about how empathetic, caring, considerate, and overall just kick-ass she was handling all the problems that came her way.  If I owned any business that dealt heavily with customer service, I would hire this girl immediately and make her a senior manager.  Anyways, she did such a good job that I felt compelled to put it in writing and post it on the web.    Also, there was a 5'4 hispanic guy (mid 30s)  who was working the bus line loading bags and dealing with the line and he was fairly decent as well.  As an org, there is room for improvement but as far as their staff goes, I felt they handled the post July 4th crisis fairly well with a special attaboy to the blonde working the cashier counter.
1	This station gets points for being located in Downtown Vegas as opposed to the forlorn South Strip Terminal where Megabus drops off. But otherwise, it's your average soul-sucking Greyhound craphole. I was lucky enough to get placed on a newer Express model bus. Our ride to Salt Lake City was unusually punctual for Greyhound, but the last two hours were almost unbearable due to noxious odors from the bus restroom traveling through the air conditioning vents. It was like riding in a septic tank on wheels. I took a very thorough shower upon reaching my destination.
5	Great in a pinch! The girl that drove my two friends and I ditched us in Vegas and went home the day before we were supposed to leave. In a panic, we went to the Greyhound website and got tickets to Los Angeles for the next day and it only came out to $23/person (including tax)! That would have been around how much I would have had to pay that biatch for gas anyways!I would recommend getting to the station early (within an hour before) because a line starts to form and if you are at the front of the line you have a better choice of seats. The bus made a lunch stop and a handful of other stops along the way to drop people off. It was generally on time to each stop, but we arrived 10 minutes early to Los Angeles! When we were buying our tickets, the Express was sold out which was a bummer because the one we took was I think about 6 hours to Los Angeles, but the Express is over an hour shorter. Nonetheless, I think it's a great deal and I might look into taking it to Vegas and back next time (Express of course!)
4	Come on... What does everyone expect? For $24, did you want someone to personally roll out the red carpet and escort you to the nearest Starbucks in the Beverly Hills-type part of town, just because you're in Vegas? Real Talk: You're riding Greyhound. Is it in a less favorable, crack-head riddled, seedier part of town?: YesBUTWas it cheap? (Read economical): YesWas it well-lit?: YesDid it smell okay?: YesWas the bathroom clean (enough)?: YesWas the bus on time?: Yes Rate it for what it is, not for what you hope it will one day become.
1	I really wish I was able to give this place a better review but I was very recently let down by them. I arrived and checked in all my bags and had my tickets ready about 1 hour and 30 mins prior to leaving from Las Vegas on the express bus to L.A. just as I was about to board (no exaggerations here) the gentleman collecting the tickets said that the bus had hit capacity and I would have to take the NEXT bus that was about 2 hours apart from my original time and it wasn't express which meant I had to stop at every single stop as opposed to just traveling without stopping. None of the customer service reps gave me the difference for the amount of what I paid and they seemed super careless and rude. Never again!
1	I recently,took a bus from Las Vegas to Phoenix, the bus driver, Bernard, was insulting, sleepy, and down right awful! There was a gentleman on the bus who was a little behind mentally and Bernard was extremely rude and insulting to him over the intercom for the whole,bus to hear.  The same gentleman tried to make nice conversation with the bus driver at one of stops and AGAIN Bernard was so rude to him, I wanted to say something but Bernard kept threatening to call the cops... The trip didn't go much better, he wold make random stops on the side of road, go in circles and end up back a stop we were already at and CONSTANTLY threatened to call the sheriff if anyone had a problem with him.  He swerved off the road multiple times, insulted people, and even was about to kick an elderly man it of his seat because he sat in my seat when we were at a stop, I had to tell him NO, that I was fine sitting where I was, truth is I was happy to get away from him.  Needless to say I was happy we ended in Phoenix without a wreck!
1	Worst experience ever. Better off riding Amtrak for $10-20 more and it gets you there in half the time the Sh*thound bus does. Never, ever, ever again!!!
1	Headed back to Phoenix and of course I get stuck with jerk Bernard again. Swerving all over he road, being rude to customers.  We stopped in Falstaff for what he's said was a 15 min break.....he left us on the bus for 43 mins without explanation.  Then when is asked him what t he problem was he said,nothing and was extremely rude
3	use this greyhound often. The employees are pretty nice and helpful. This location is pretty rundown.  There is not enough seating. There are ALWAYS people laying all over the floor, half which are homeless people. Good thing though, usually If you prInt tIcket at home, gettIng on bus Is pretty quIck and sImple. I don't like greyhounds policies about refunds and changing tickets though... they pretty much don't give refunds or really bother to help out when it comes to giving people their money back.
2	This place went from being a half way decent bus station (Lockers, Semi-clean restrooms, Vending machines, and good Security) to something of a hassle and a nightmare. The new Security Guard company set up is a joke. The police were here when I arrived, during my stay when I went DT for lunch, and during my departure. Wow. Not deterring anything. They also do a half a** job searching bags upon entry, easily missing people coming and going and being less than on top of anything. The station greyhound clerks went from being understaffed to overstaffed and yet they remain unfriendly and the lines are no shorter. All in all, this place is going down hill fast.
2	Much smaller Greyhound station than I was expecting for a location that has the constant traffic that Vegas does. It's about the same size as the Reno station. They have their stuff together here more than some Greyhounds, at least the lady handling baggage did, she was getting people's bags queued up prior to departure so everyone could get out faster, and had the Express bus broken out into three separate lines by seniors/disabled and the boarding numbers. Sadly all that was wasted by the driver who proceeded to let people with the lowest boarding numbers on first ahead of the seniors for some reason, until the seniors went apeshit and called the baggage lady over to straighten him out. The bus was 2 hours late to LA, 1 hour of that was traffic between Vegas and Primm, but roughly the other hour was the driver slacksadaising around, telling people we're only taking a 10 minute stop in Barstow to catch up then going to stand in line for 20 minutes at Panda Express and have a cig after while everyone already rushed back on the bus and is waiting for him. I gave myself a 2 hour cushion to make an Amtrak train in LA, guess how much I missed the train by? Literally five minutes, if this doofus had clowned and slacked for just 5 minutes less I would have been fine, instead my trip got set back 5 hours sitting in swamp-ass Union Station and I had to pay an extra 30 dollars to change my tickets. Dario or Darius or Dante or something was the driver. tl;dr station small and cramped but surprisingly OK, drivers real shaky though, pay the extra money and just take Bolt, Amtrak or whatever else coming out of Vegas next time if going west
1	The front desk staff at the Vegas station are rude and dismissive of the customers. I felt like I was treated like a second class citizen not only by the desk people but by security as well. The guard lady (bald african american women) barks orders at paying customers like their children. But when it comes to homeless people harassing customers they have no balls. On my visit I was harassed by a homeless man for almost an hour while waiting for my bus. He recitied stories about his chronic drug use. One of the security guards noticed I was becoming uncomfortable so they came over and asked him if he had he a ticket. The man said no, but rather than asking him to leave the security's response was "well don't hang out here for too long or they might kick you out." SO MUCH FOR SECURITY! After that I booked it out of there in fear of my life. I will NEVER EVER come back after that wretched experience.
4	Greyhound still has a lot of work to do.I recently went round trip from Vegas to San Bernadino.The express bus left more than an hour late and as big as most Americans are anymore how can we ride long periods of time in those sits .The bus did have wifi and a toilet .There is more to travel than cheap fares .Drivers really shouldn't be on cell phones while driving buses and the bus depots in various  cities get scarier by the minute and I'm a guy. I guess if there's nothing else available on planet earth next time I'll just ride a mule.
1	This greyhound station is an absolute dump and smells badly from a funky strong odor that makes you sick to your stomach.  The majority of the light bulbs on the exterior of the building are all burnt out with the exception of four light bulbs that are still working.The greyhound clerk who supervises the front door is rude and is nothing but a drill sargent who yells at you when you stand against the building and tells you to go stand by the street curb.  There is a sign near the door that says no smoking within 25 feet.  I was more than 25 feet from the door and this clerk screams at me to go to the end of the building to smoke, but gives special preference to others who are within close proximity of the door to smoke.  If you are going to rely on a cab to pick you up at this station you better be out there for it when it arrives because the clerk literally told a cab to leave because it was parked out front for longer than 3 minutes.  Totally ridiculous and inconsiderate of the bus patrons who have to rely on a cab for their transportation!  Nonetheless, the reservation clerks were helpful and polite in getting me a ticket.   My itinerary has two transfers and the last transfer only allows for a 45 minute window in connecting to my last bus...i sure hope i will make this transfer and not miss my final bus.  Since I've been here it has been nothing but an unpleasant experience and i hope for the best with my trip this morning.
