5	Yum! Had the burrito de lengua and it was delicious! Every time I'm in town I make sure I stop in.  Food is always great, can't beat the price and is available 24 hours a day! Love it!
5	Ah, I miss the delicious crispy chicken tacos so much! Shredded white meat, perfectly season, fried in a corn tortilla until it is crisp but still tender and topped with cheese and lettuce. Can't find anything like it in California. Definitely stop here if you're in town. Great service and wonderful food!
4	This was just a little hole in the wall and it was fantastic!  The menu board on the wall with the photos reminded me of a take-out Chinese place which was pretty funny! I had a burrito and it was fresh and tasty.  They also seemed to have fun chatting with their regular customers which seemed to have a steady steam in while I was there.A definite stop for an inexpensive plate of Mexican food if you are in the area
4	I read the reviews on Yelp and decided to try it. Don't go for atmosphere--go for good reasonably priced food. My cheese enchilada platter was delicious and my husband's chicken taco/enchilada combo was loaded with chicken. We were both very pleased with our lunch selections.
5	Best in Boulder.  Next to the bong shop so the clientele reflect a hipper crowd than this boomer's but the food is so good and cheap
4	We were starving on the way back to Las Vegas from the Hoover Dam.  I was on Yelp trying to find a place to stop and stumbled on this gem. My husband always says "4 stars and 1 Dollar Sign? I'm in." Roberto's Taco Shop did not disappoint. CARNE ASADA FRIES. Do it. You will have dreams about these fries. They are just that amazing. Honestly, the hubby and I ordered two combos and we both just ate on these fries.  I had the beef taco and cheese enchilada combo plate--I can't tell you anything about them (other than the rice and beans were tasty).  The carne asada fries on the other hand----The fries were crispy, fresh, hot, and amazing and topped with a heaping pile of juicy, hot carne asada meat, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and sour cream.  I took turns with the green and red salsas for dipping.  This are insanely delicious. Tourists---DO NOT PASS THIS PLACE UP.  It's a must try on the drive between the Hoover Dam and Las Vegas. Get the fries!
5	How does this place only have 4 stars and 9 reviews? The food is fantastic and the price is very nice.
3	Hubby and I came here on the way back home from our grand canyon trip. It got good reviews but we decided for us it was just a 3 star Mexican place. Not half bad, but not overly terrific either! My burrito was huge and I was so hungry I stuffed it down so fast but than I couldn't finish the nachos we ordered with our meal. It was a decent burrito. Going to the bathroom scared me a little bit, the bathroom was sketchy and we were there kind of late there wasn't a soul in sight except for us and the employees of the taco place.
5	Yummy tacos! And the guy at the drive thru last night was f***ing awesome. So telling my friends in StL about this place. And going back before we leave.
