2	Hold the attitude, please. This subway is close to work, and sits next to a Harris Teeter, so it's convenient to pick up a sandwich and a few items at the grocer,  but I've stopped going because of the staff.The food is fine, the location is safe and it's always clean, but the staff seems to have a problem with attitude.Some examples:1. I don't know about you, but I don't memorize Subway hours. I walked up right about closing time, and  they hadn't turned off the "Open" sign yet, so I tried the door. Locked. No biggie to me, but the guy inside has a hissy fit and starts blinking the "Open" sign off and on while I'm standing there and mouthing the words "we're closed." This might not sound too bad, but you could tell by the expression that this was a HUGE problem for this guy. 2. Same guy. I'm digging out coins from my pocket and hand some over to the guy. Apparently, one of my quarters is Canadian (about the same size). He takes the Canadian coin and shoves it back into my hand without saying a word and pulls out another quarter from my hand. Gee, thanks for violating  my personal space in a most undignified way in order to exchange one coin for another that is practically identical in value. 3. I've had other staffers there twice argue with me about how a sandwich should be toasted. It wasn't in a mean way, but it wasn't polite, either. Yo, sandwich artisans: Feel free to offer POLITE suggestions, that's part of your job, but don't argue with me about MY SANDWICH. I'm not asking you to take it to the top of BofA building to toast it,.I just want the bread toasted, the cheese melted and the veggie patty warm. I don't think that's too much to ask. 4. Last time I went, there was an obvious trainee and a woman I believe to be one of the managers. The trainee was clueless about how to talk to customers; he seemed scared out of his mind, and there were a lot of blank stares while he was making my sandwich, as in "what do I do next?" The more experienced manager-type might have offered some clues but ... you have to love this ... she was too busy making her own sandwich to notice. I know they gotta eat, too, but she was aggressive and rude to her employee, pushing ahead of him while he was making my sandwich. No class whatsoever. I also watched her put some tomatoes on her sandwich, then take them off and put them back in the serving tray to get fresher, more ripe tomatoes. That's the spirit, keep the good ones for yourself, and let the customers get the crappy ones. I know these aren't exactly horror tales, but ... there's another Subway on Kings where I've eaten far more often and NEVER had an issue with customer service.
4	First of all, the map doesn't or can't identify this place correctly. It is, as the ADDRESS states, in the Kenilworth Shopping Ct (Harris Teeter location). What keeps me coming back to a food chain place is if is kept clean! This is the cleanest subway I have been to so far. In addition, you know how you watch those food commercials and they make the burgers or sandwiches so perfect, and you think "My food never looks like that!!" Well this subway is commercial-like, both in presentation and service.
4	Can't go wrong with Subway!  After a disappointing experience at the Penguin (resulting in no food), we came over here and had sandwiches and they were wonderful.  It was also the first bathroom we encountered all day that was clean and had soap in the dispenser. Hooray!
