3	We went early today to avoid any possible rush. Greeted nicely and seated right away. Immediate service with drinks being brought straight away. At this point my mate says; dark in here. The wait person came to take our order. Tonight we had Cory as our server, a very upbeat helpful person providing good service. We order our dinners plus soup. We both liked our soup, I enjoyed my main plate of ribs, my mate did not like his thinking; where is the Cajun in the steak. The steak it self was tender and cooked as requested. Just no discernable flavour. Even though I enjoyed my food I have a feeling we will not be going back. In the middle of the meal they turn down the lights and turn up the music. The music was just fine, why try to drown out conversation? I also might suggest that someone, everyone clean the front door where people put there fingers, it is grimy from long periods of not being cleaned. Also much closer to the diner is the shades on the windows they are absolutely disgusting with grime. I doubt they have ever been cleaned.
1	i took my son here after he pleaded that after seeing the commercials about the new stuff on the menu...we had to give them another try. On previous visits the service was so bad we never wanted to come back. On this visit the service was much better and the food was typical, nothing to make me want to return. The biggest issue though was how dirty the place was. The menus we were served were filthy and the hostess kept wiping down tables with a rag she kept at the front. The rag was not rinsed out between tables and I thought it was pretty gross. Our plates were dirty on the bottom and the glasses looked dingy.
3	Applebee's has changed their menu since I have been last and a lot of it looks really yummy!! I had their chicken won ton tacos, you get 4 little tacos for $5.99 and they also have pulled pork. They were sooo good!! This was a take out order, so I can not comment on the service in the restaurant. Maybe I will visit them more often.You can also get delivery for Applebee's from You Buy and We Fly food delivery service!!
3	A typical franchised Applebee's. The buffalo wing appetizers were good and blue moon on tap! Friendly waitress and staff.
2	I was at this location not too long ago, & I have to say it wasn't like it usually is. It seemed like we were just being rushed in and out. Our waitress(Didn't give us her name) was a bit rude. Whenever we tried to order an appetizer she just dropped our drinks on the table and walked off! It also took forever to just get a refill when the place wasn't even half full. We had ordered the soup and salad and that also took more than what it needed to be, & of course when she did bring it by she once again just whisked off before we could ask for a refill. Obviously she wasn't tipped.
3	I do really REALLY wish they would actually have their blondie come out SIZZLING like they used to.  Why serve it on a griddle when you aren't going to have it even hardly hot??Service was not great at all.  Yes, we were a larger group, but the place wasn't that busy and our server kept disappearing and there were many times our drinks were empty for longer than 5 minutes.
3	I have not been to an Applebee's in awhile.  The menu has changed but it still had a LOT of choices to pick from.  We were not aware of the 2 for $20 deal until the 2nd to the last page of the menu.  Why not?Got the Southern BBQ boneless chicken for the appetizer.  The BBQ was not too bad.  The chicken was crispy and juicy.  I ordered the chicken tenders with fries and the hubby ordered the three cheese penne with chicken.  The chicken tenders were a little on the dry side.  The three cheese penne with chicken was not too bad.  Our server AJ kicked a$$.  He was on top of his game.  Always checking in on us and he attitude was GREAT!
2	The hostess are terrible and need to work on their customer service skills, our waitress did the bare minimum and the food left something to be desired. This is the second bad experience at this location. I will not be coming back
4	Nice and clean. I was there right when they opened though. Friendly staff. Would visit again.
5	We have not been at this Applebee's in quite some time and stopped in after leaving another local restaurant after not getting any service after 10 minutes of waiting.Anyway.......it was great and I wanted to mention on nice our server was.  Roxie rocked and we always had everything we wanted and right on time.  It's always great to write about great service and food.  We'll be back.
1	Just had lunch in their newly remodeled store.  This was by far the worst lunch we've had in quite some time.  Server brought my order and not my dining partner's.   The waitress checked back later and said the other order was "dropped" and was reordered. Both food orders were awful.  It is hard to ruin a simple hamburger and onion rings but they managed quite easily.  The table behind us had their order messed up too.   We will definitely NOT be going back!
1	Went there recently,  have not been to one in AZ.  Was mildly surprised by it not being very good.  We frequented Applebees a lot in CO. because it was close to work.  I ordered a chinese chicken salad and it was about a saucer full for nearly 10 dollars. My husband had soup and sandwich. All you can eat soup came in cup size bowl and sandwich was 1/2,  for 8 dollars.   Where is the value in that?  The waitress was very SLOW to arrive but after that was attentive and very friendly.  We both walked out still hungry after an over $20.00 check.   Wont be going back to Applebees.  Would have had a much better lunch at Cheesecake Factory for about the same price.
1	The food was awful, the service was worse and I was sorry that out of all the places to go in that area we chose this one.  It was not my choice and will never be the choice of anyone in our family again.  The food was overcooked, not what was ordered or cold..take your pick!  The waitress that did finally show up to take our order never showed up again but we got two other waitresses that refilled our drinks all wrong and one looked at me crazy when I told her we ordred fries instead of this big mushroom cap with spinach on top!  So the plate comes back with cold fries AND the mushroom!  Yuck.  The steaks were over cooked and oh so small.  The portions have shrunk but the prices have gone up.
1	GROSS!  It had been years since I've been here, so I took my kids recently.  The music from the bar area was so loud, I could not hear my thoughts!  We had to wait a few minutes too long for an waitress introduction and drink order. While we waited for our server to appear, we had plenty of time to decide what to order and did so at the same time we ordered drinks. The food was cheap and low-quality.  My daughters mac and cheese looked like something frozen and reheated from home.  Her side fruit actually came in a store-bought container.  The food just yucky-the service and atmosphere even worse!
2	I know I said I hate "chain" restaurants...but honestly I really do.  We were looking for a reverse happy hour and this was close by so we gave in.  The beer was cold, but our food took FOREVER...literally!  Then, they cooked my steak incorrectly...instead medium rare it came out super over done...I asked for a baked potato and got mashed.  I can say that the bartender (we sat at the bar), noticed immediately and sent it back and had it taken off of our bill.  So the two stars is for the food and for the slow service of the kitchen...I'd give more for the attentiveness of the bartender and the manager!
1	If I could give this place NO STARS I would. My brothers and I took my Mom their once for their birthday and waited about 30 minutes for someone else with the same amount of people in their party to get seated before us when they had arrived after. The girl that was in charge of putting us down on the list totally forgot to do so. We only figured this out when my brother when to ask her how much longer we would be waiting she looked at him super confused like what are you talking about your not on the list but with out having to say anything. I got so mad that we just left and went ac cross the street to Friday's unfortunately is not longer open. I will not be going their ever again tried to report them to corporate and I couldn't find a way to do it.
4	I took my mom and dad here for dinner and as usual, the food is always good and the server was on his game.  Personally , I think the food is a little over priced!
4	This was my first visit to this Apple Bee's location. As usual, they have menu options for just about everyone (the skinny, the big and the rich and the poor). The hockey championship game was playing so the bar was full. There was also a 21st birthday party there which was pretty cool. Our waiter was great. He was also waiting on the party, but he made sure to check in with us as often as he could. He check in with us a few times about our food which was a little weird. I guess the way it works is if we order an appetizer it delays the time our entree's come out which is fine. We were in no rush. We had made it just in time for the last 30 minutes of happy hour. The one thing that was also a little weird about our waiter is that he mentioned that he used to work at TGI Fridays and that they all closed down because business was not good. To me, that's not a small talk topic for a party you are waiting on. I ordered the chicken and shrimp fajitas. I didn't realize that it does not come with rice on the side, but the rice is really not needed. They give you the chicken, shrimp, peppers and onions plus all the fixings for the fajitas (cheese, salsa, sour cream and softshells). That filled me up.Otherwise, it seemed like a typical AppleBee's nothing exceptional about it, and there is no reason why I would not go back.
5	Our lunch was incredibly yummy.  Started off with green goddess wedge salad and then Napa chicken & portobellos under 550 calories (even tho it came with deep fried potatoes so that's pretty amazing) Service was great and accomodated our requests for dressings and whatnot on the side.     Not sure what everyone is griping about, we had a great experience and with their new delicious & healthy menu, will definitely include Applebee's in our future dining :)
3	This was our first time here on a Sunday night, and it wasn't very busy but the service was awful! Took forever to be seated, and then our server disappeared for a good while. Food was better than expected ( we ordered the steak and it's usually hit or miss here ) but tonight it was better than previous visits.
3	Had the fried chicken salad. Wish they would add a grilled chicken salad. Trying to make good choices with my dining, and fried chicken strips on a salad is counter productive. Waitress/bartender was on the spot.If you go between 4 - 6 don't sit facing the window, the Sun blinds you like a Gamma Ray. I asked the bartender if she could shut the blind as the sun was reflecting off a wind shield and boring a hole in my face, I pointed at the window.  She proceeded to shut all blinds but the one that had the super nova coming through.
3	Don't waste your money in this Applebees the service is average the food is well below average it takes 20 to 30 minutes just to get an appetizer even when I saw several tables around me completely empty my wife left in about an hour later she's complaining about upset stomach so instead of taking the trip we were planning we had to go so anyhow not worth the wait spending money actual time for the appetizer was 23 minutes based on the stop watch in this phone that was after a 15 minute wait just to get a table
3	Waited WAY to long for everything to come out or to even get a beer refill. We didn't even get our artichoke dip till after our food came out. Even though the food was good we will not be going back due to the service. We even seen 2 different tables walk out because no one had even gone to get their drink orders.
3	Picked up guests from the airport and stopped here on the way home to Buckeye.  We have eaten here several times.  The food here has always been acceptable.  The same was true yesterday.  I wasn't great but was not terrible either.  The wait to get our food was quite a long time, and there was never once an apology or an excuse as to what was going on.  The waitress was very pleasant and smiling when we did see her.  The service and the time could have been much better.   Would I come back?  Probably, because my wife is a fan of Applebee's.  The service does need work at this location.
4	My wife and I love stopping by there once a week for our date night. We go during happy hour, you can't beat half price drinks and appetizers. Drink recommendations; the Perfect Margarita or the Long Island Ice Tea, both of which are on the happy hour special. Appetizer recommendation; wanton tacos or nachos, sadly the nachos are not on the special.
4	This was our first time at this location. Our server was on the spot and the food was surprisingly good. I would return to this location again.
3	Met some family members here who were in town visiting. Most of this franchised restaurants are all about the same. Food is basically OK, and has to much salt. Only thing different is their service. There were about seven of us, the service was pretty good. None of us had nothing to complain about. We all ate our meal, and had a good time.Applebee's has never been a favorite of mine, but this location made the experience enjoyable.
1	My Wife and I used to go to this restaurant , however after the last visit, it took twenty plus minutes to get the entrees. The appetizer that  we had ordered had not arrivedThe server went looking and returned, It was cold When asked about this  we were ignored from that point. we got another server, who was just as lackadaisical we also asked for a manager, and never had any responseIn all we will not return to this Applebees, and all other restaurants from this company are off my list
2	Service was awful. Slow as molasses.  Waitress even confused my wife's card with someone else's and had to go back and redo both tickets.  It's not that complicated, you know.  Food was awful. Had high hopes for the bourbon chicken and shrimp, and was very disappointed. The quesadilla burger didn't taste bad, but it was really greasy.Screaming kids were awful.  Tacky decor.  Menus need to be wiped down at least every other month whether they need it or not.  The only reason this is 2 star instead of one is because they accidentally brought me two beers instead of the one I ordered, so that was comped.  It was like getting the "Bank error in your favor, collect $50" card in Monopoly.
