5	Melanie Lowrance DVM is amazing! Her service comes directly to your house. I recently moved here and was referred to her by an animal hospital. My cat was 17 years old and becoming very ill. She arrived at my house 30 minutes from when I called, at 7:30 pm. Her prices were extremely reasonable. She did a full checkup with blood tests, and prescribed medication which she also provided on the spot. Her costs were very reasonable, around 25.00 more than an office visit. She sat and talked with me about our future plans for "Jerry". She then called twice ( once on the weekend, from a wedding) to see how he was doing. Unfortunately we placed Jerry on a comfort care program when the results came in and he took a turn for the worst. Again, I called her at 8pm and at my request she came the next morning. I really think she would've come that night but I wasn't ready. She was extremely kind to me the next day and assured me we were doing the right thing for my cat. Again, this is amazing. We sat in my living room, in my time and sent my baby to heaven. She took him, and handled all of the details. One week later she delivered his remains back to me, she also sent a handwritten condolence card. If you are an animal lover, you have to agree this service is incredible and not found every day. She is now our vet, and I am sure my dogs will love not having to get in the car and drive to the vet for check-ups. I love not having to take time off work for routine services. I cannot thank her enough. Please give her a try. You will not regret it.
5	Dr. Lowrance is by far the best vet I have found for my two dogs. She and Jason are professional, knowledgeable, easy to get a hold of and fairly priced. It's great that they come to your home- my dogs are much more comfortable in their own environment and I don't have to go through the hassle of the trip to the vet's office. I highly recommend Small Animal Housecalls to anyone looking for an excellent  and convenient veterinarian. You will not be disappointed!
5	Since I move around the country for work, I'm constantly having to find new vets for my two older cats.  I was thrilled to find Small Animal Housecalls.  They came to my house and spent nearly an hour with my cats!  The price was extremely reasonable, and the doctor had with him the medication my cat needed - no need to wait.  Best of all, my cats did not have to go through the stress of a vet visit.  I highly recommend Small Animal Housecalls.
5	On April 7, 2014, I had a very sick 13 yr old Newfoundland, my normal vet was booked and they recommended a mobile vet, since I  was alone, with a very sick large breed dog.Well the vet they recommeded was closed on Mondays, so I took to the internet for help. I stumbled on to Dr. Melanie Lawrance. I called her and within 2 hours, she was examining my girl. She was very caring to my dog and to me, as my girl was very very sick, Dr Lawrance gave me some options, but recommended her 3rd option of euthanasia, as my girl was so dehydrated and her heart rate was extreamly high. I knew it was time to say good bye to my best friend. Dr. Lawrance let me spend some time with her and without any stress amd in the comfort of our home, Tynnie went to be an angel. She is now, out of pain and can walk and run with our other dogs in heaven.. I miss her so much. I am so thankful to have discovered the "Angel" we called for help. Even with her very young sick baby, she came and helped me with my older sick baby. I will forever be grateful to her for allowing me the gift of having Tynn at home when she took her last breath. This is was a difficult decision, but with her guidance, I knew it was the right thing to do. Thank you for your excellent service Dr. Lawrance, even tho I only met you that one time, you were heaven sent to us. I wish you much success and happiness.You will alway have my recommendation. And I know I willl call you again. You were amazing. Liz
5	Dr. Melanie Lowrance  and Jason just came to the house to do a litter check on my 5day old chocolate labs, we also had dew claws removed.  They both were so very nice and did the removal quickly but with care. I sure appreciated this as it is my least favorite part of caring for a new litter.  The HUGE benefit to this is not just the convenience of having a vet come to your home, but taking a new puppy to the vet is leaving them susceptible to other doggie germs.  This risk is something I don't like to take.  Parvo as well as other things are so easily spread.   Regarding cost, I have 4 dogs and all vets charge an office visit and then the price of whatever service you are receiving.  Small Animal House Calls  home visit charge was $45. I am not sure if the price changes depending on where you live, but I know some "offices" can charge upwards of $60, so I felt the $45 was a great price.  The dew claw removal was also a bit cheaper than one of the vets I go to and the same price as another.....so to me, this was a no brainer!  Add into the equation, now that I met the team, how awesome they are and I just found myself a new vet!
1	It was time to euthanize my dog of 13 years.  I have never done this before. I watched a video which showed the process peaceful Melanie Lowernce DMV came to my home i signed papers, she charged $350.00.  She gave my dog a sedative . after 10 minutes she stated it was time. She went to the right arm which was weak. She Shaved her arm tried 4 Times fishing for a vein. Unsuccessful .  Tried the next arm after 3 tries asked he associate to try, 3 more times, then they tried the back leg, i don't remember how many time. I said i can call a pediatric nic nurse to start the iv, i guarantee  they will get a vein the first  stick, i was answered no it was against the law for someone else to start an IV.  so she went in the juglar vein After 2 attempts  My dog had a hemotoma the size of a half dollar on her neck    I stated enough. then  the vet, she said i got it. not realizing  that she got positive blood return from the hematoma ( blood clot in her neck)  She had to have went thru the jugular vein on one of the sticks to have her start bleeding under the skin. Then she gave the medication to euthanize her. THIS WAS HORRIBLE, and heart wrenching, My dog suffered another 10 minutes,  coughing, choking, Nodding her head multiple times Kicking, Twisting her head. Tears coming from her eyes. This the vet said was normal. I realized i don't think she did get the jugular vein, she got positive blood return from the large hematoma . i believe my dog suffered and died from the suffocation from the leakage from the jugular vein and the pressure choked her to death. Thats why it took so long. i don't recommend this vet or her associate to euthanize any pet.  Prisoners die more humanly.
5	Amazing Vet! And a kind and caring person! We wouldn't trust our six 4-legged kids with anyone else!
5	I had to put my cat, Celeste of 15 years down and decided to do it at home. I researched different home vets and I'm so glad I decided to call Small Animal Housecalls. Dr. Amanda Varney and Amber came out and made me feel really comfortable. They are very patient and very caring. They answered all of my questions and reassured me that I was doing the right thing. They explained everything before and while they were doing it, which made me feel at ease.I could tell just by looking in their eyes that they are very sincere and compassionate. Having them come out went way better than I imagined it going and I am very thankful to them. I know they made Celeste's last minutes very peaceful and stress free.
