4	I love that place for me it's kinda of like Cheers you always see your friends there and meet cool people. The service is good but not at the main bar. The food as a great price to quality ratio.
2	We came here on a Saturday night for a friend's birthday. I had checked the menu out online beforehand and thought it would be a decent place. The website portrayed a rustic feel, picture hunting lodge meets sports bar. When we showed up, I was a bit disappointed because it was just a glorified sports bar, and saw two antlers nailed to the back wall. Talk about total disconnect! Another thing about the decor/setup I didn't quite like was when you walk in, there is a huge bar in the centre of the place, leaving very little room to move on either side, with some long tables set up in the back. The staff is friendly enough, but only if you speak French to them; if you speak English, you'll get the stink eye. It seems the prerequisite to working there is to be very thin, have an ample bosom and have the stereotypical French girl attitude (no offence is meant by this, but most, if not all, will understand what I mean; if I've offended you, accept my apologies!). When it came down to ordering, Danny got the chicken wing appetizer (spicy BBQ) and the NY strip steak with fries. I got the Onion Straw burger with sweet potato fries. Now to the pros and cons;Onion Straw burger:PROS - juicy and tasty, no lack of flavourCONS - positive burger was of the frozen variety (I'm going with President's Choice as I've had them before and they were way too similar), and although the menu says it comes with fried onions, it was just an onion ring on topSweet potato fries:PROS - good flavour and crispy outsideCONS - again, not freshly made; they were obviously frozen before reaching my plateDanny had to send his steak back because although he asked for medium (I know, I know, a steak should only be eaten medium rare at the most, but I digress...), it came out seared on both sides but still almost blue on the inside. I suggested he send it back as that was nowhere near what he had asked for. After getting it back a little while later, it wasn't much better. It was unevenly cooked, but he didn't bother sending it back a second time. It was edible, but not what he had hoped for. We shared the brownie dessert and it was probably the best part of the meal. It tasted like Reeses pieces, so good. But then again, how do you f**k up a brownie? All in all, it was a decent experience, but for what we paid, I would not return. They try to portray themselves as a classier Station des Sports, when in actuality, they are the same thing just different names. (FYI, our bill - including a pitcher of Rickard's Red - came to over 100$ including tip. A little much for a sports bar, considering we got 1 pitcher of beer).
3	Walking in I thought, man this place looks like a total bro bar.  And there were definitely some of those guys around...you know the type, meatheads.  But it's pretty nice inside, prices are decent, and the food was good.  I wouldn't recommend hanging out here, but if you want to stop by and check out a habs game, this isn't a bad spot.  Bottom Line: It's not the worst kind of sports bar.
1	I sat down at 8:30. They took my order at 8:50. I am sitting here writing a review at 10:10 with no food. The drinks took so long that I cancelled and got some from the bar. I would never go here again. After complaining they just told us to wait longer and that all their food was "fresh" so it would talk longer... I am thoroughly disappointed and would never come here again
3	Well it was the finals of the Coupe du Monde, and ended up in this establishment.  To start, 2 things:  1st, i went to the one off of st. laurent, 2nd, the t.v.'s went out when the game was in extra time. So we arrive and I was quite impressed with the set-up for I find sports bars up here to be lacking as opposed to back home.  The seating is arranged almost perfectly to where you have a great view of a screen no matter where you are, even if they are completely black b/c they all went off WHEN THE GAME WAS IN EXTRA TIME!!. Comfortable seating and a nice clean look.  I was not planning on eating, but saw a lot of plates come out and the food and the presentation of "said" food catches the eye, unlike my eyes catching a glimpse of the game when it went into extra time. So I had the NACHOS OF WINDSOR, which was very delicious and did i mention that the t.v.'s went out when the game was in extra time. But the menu is not to complicated, but does have a few twist for a sports bar, a twist such as the t.v.'s going out when the game was in extra time.  They even have a private area that can seat up to 14 of your friends for an event, an event such as the t.v.'s going off when whatever game you are watching goes into extra time. Service was good, and the staff was friendly even when we were not, well after all, the t.v.'s WENT OFF WHEN THE GAME WAS IN EXTRA TIME!!!. All in all, a good time, except for the, "say it aloud or to yourself", and they did get the problem fixed in time to see the lone scored goal.  So if you are a sports fan, give it a try. And just pray that whatever you are watching does not go into extra time, cause in case you have not yet ascertained, the T.V.'S WILL PROBABLY GO OUT!!!!!!
