2	a new coffee cafe downtown...hmmm there are quite a few, so perhaps my expectations were high.I invited 3 friends to meet me to test out the new neighbor, we were pleasantly greeted and since the place was empty we had our choice of seats.Perc Up occupies the former spaces of Drip & Toast...It is clear that some money was spent on the interior / decor, but maybe the money wouldve been better spent on the food!Back to the food - the coffee was decent, not great. The food choices were limited, but the waitress reminded us a million times that they feature a full brunch on sat...anyways, the pickings were slim today. We ordered a yogurt parfait, oatmeal, SW breakfast wrap and the veggie quiche. All were just fine, but not great and clearly nothing that creative! In fact the 'house made english muffin' (yes i was thinking MJ sourdough, my mistake) was horrible - and one of my dining companions pointed out that it looked like a Fresh and Easy purchase!Service, although friendly was spotty - however she did get busy with to-go coffee orders.I love breakfast, but didnt love perc-up...the space was nice, but not enough that I would choose to come here over the many other selections that downtown offers (giant, lola, jobot...).until perc up, perc ups their offerings i will not be back
3	I'll concur with Lacey B. that my expectations for this Drip/Toast replacement were very high, but measured, given that Perc Up Coffee Cafe has only been open for a week or two.  The two adjacent rooms feel much more integrated in this iteration of the 7th St. and Oak/Sheridan coffeeshop and cafe in the Coronado District.On Saturday and Sunday, the full brunch menu is served with six egg dishes, three french toast options, three pancake items, and a smattering of parfait, oatmeal, and little bites.  Pastries provided by Chompies.My two poached eggs were cooked to medium (as ordered), and they gladly subbed out the bacon for some fruit.  The "Chef's potatoes" are heavily seasoned country potatoes fried up with some roasted red peppers.  The fruit cup had premium fruits; think raspberries, strawberries, pineapple (and not melon and grapes).  The "house made English muffin" is purportedly "house made" (I asked again after reading Lacey's suspicions), and its lasting impact is its dryness, but the mango/cranberry compote was inventive for sure -- tart, plump cranberries mellowed by the mango.  For $5.95, this is a value you can't get at coffeeshops with better coffee (Lola, Lux, GIANT, Royale, Cartel).So the coffee is a bit "whatever."  It's 100% certified organic and fair trade and "roasted locally," but it doesn't have a memorable profile like Lux or Giant.POSITIVES:- owned by "3 neighborhood women"- walkable espresso in the Coronado - friendly, eager, accommodating staff (especially the barrista Amy)- free wifi- value for dollar- Organic, fair trade coffeeNEGATIVES:- forgettable coffee- intermittent wafts of an unpleasant odor in main room- graphic design not fitting of neighborhood aesthetic. The goofy fiesta font in the logo looks like that of a morning TV talk show.- mismatched furniture is not endearing, just thoughtless and junky. It feels like they liquidated all the chairs and tables from a Tuesday Mornings.  The mass produced "cafe" chairs with steaming coffee cup stamped metal are strident reminders of how Drip/Toast really understood designI'm interested to see what Perc Up does in  the coming months, especially to embrace the neighborhood, which is so glad to have a coffee cafe in this location.
4	Perc UP Coffee Cafe Perc UP is a gem in a worthy setting!Diners can sink into a comfortable and relaxing space. Perc UP Coffee Cafe is adorned with eclectic artwork and assorted furniture that create a cool vibe. Although I have only eaten lunch from here, I was thoroughly impressed with their "House Salad". A bed of fresh greens, tomato, grapefruit, mushrooms, shredded mango and topped off with a yummy cilantro lime dressing. A great place to eat daily for lunch, I will be back!
4	After three consecutive and consistent Saturday breakfasts (poached eggs, Chef's potatoes, fruit, and an everything bagel this time), I'm upping Perc Up to 4 stars.(I just realized the name of this place is a pun on "perk up" and "per cup."  Nice one.)The level of service was commendable here, considering how busy it was this morning.  Before my sale was final, I was kindly informed that the English muffins today were store-bought (she guessed Thomas), so I opted for the Chompies everything bagel.  I appreciated this simple gesture.When my breakfast arrived (10 minutes), the server brought me some cream cheese on the house, which is nice, since so many other places would nickel-and-dime the accouterments.The coffee is growing on me, too.All told, this is a very good Coronado place to get some work done on the free wifi with no worry of being forced out.
5	Cupcake mocha!!! Yum!!! Just looking at this adorable drink made me smile - topped with whipped cream and lots of rainbow colored sprinkles!  It's an amazing, albeit very sweet, morning pick me up. It was so good that I decided I had to share the love: I went back the next morning and got three to take to my co-workers! (They loved them, too!)    Food-wise I've now had the Southwest Breakfast Burrito which was excellent filled with eggs, veggies, meat (of-your-choosing), and home-made and perfectly seasoned potatoes. I've also now had the Turkey & Brie sandwich, which was pretty average except for the really delicious and unique jam on top. The sammie came with good, house-made Asian slaw. I will note that the food took a little longer than expected (will eat here if I have 20+ minutes to spare) but was worth the extra wait.   All the meals were about $5 - $8, and the drinks were reasonable at $2 - $5.    Service here was excellent! Everyone I've met has been sweet as pie. What else would you expect though seeing as the place is Coronado-resident owned? Gotta love supporting local business!    I hope this review was helpful to you and that you'll join me in supporting this great local shop!
5	Cute little place i just found by my house, great food and the coffee was ok.
4	Stopped by to grab a quick iced coffee and a piece of quiche/bagel/breakfast sandwich.  I was pleased with both items.  I didn't ask for anything fancy as far as coffee goes.  Just an iced latte with vanilla flavoring and soy milk-small.  The best part was the Quiche Lorraine-dense and loaded with onions.  A cup of rasberries and pineapple on the side.  Took it To Go.  Give yourself some time to eat here and don't rush it like I did because the food takes a little time coming out of the kitchen.  Glad to have a neighborhood coffee joint, again.  Good luck, Perc Up!
2	Ehhh.I'd like for this place to be something.  Right now it feels a lot like a stereotypical 'church' coffee shop.  If this place was rated on food alone, I could up the ante a bit.  I'd call this closer to an American cafe, than a coffee shop - maybe I'm just too snobby.Some of the baked goods and foods were well done / thought out.  Some things left me hanging on a questionable note.  It's my assumption the coffee isn't a major focus here.  So be it.All that said, I've seen shops go from this to greatness.  Even in the PHX-Metro area, nearly identical shops have gone from this to some of the best in their area.  Perhaps given time, this will become something special.  If you're in the area, just need a nibble and don't find yourself brewing over beans, roasts, grinds, dosing and the like, this is a place you should perhaps check out.
5	Came here for the first time a few weeks ago for open mic night. Very cute place and friendly staff.  I'm always up for supporting local business:) they have good drinks and offer food day and night. I will definitely be coming back and can't wait to try more food!
2	Do not go here if you are somewhat in a hurry during breakfast.  Even with only a few customers here, things get slow really fast. If you can live with slow service or it's after breakfast you might want to give the food a try.  They have some interesting selections that are fun to try.  I had the PB & C (Peanut Butter, Banana, and Cranberry) and my friend had the stuffed french toast.  Both were pretty good.But Gwen, if it was pretty good, why the 2 stars? Good question. First, the coffee is nothing special and tasted slightly burnt.  For a coffee house, I expect much better.  Secondly, I went back about three weeks later because it was a good meeting spot and I wanted to have the stuffed french toast to myself.  It tasted nothing like the first time I had it.  Not that it was bad because it wasn't bad... it just wasn't anything like what I tried the first time I was here.  I had to call my other friend just to make sure I didn't order the wrong thing. Nope. It was the stuffed french toast with caramelized bananas alright... just tasted WAY different.  So for a restaurant to have the big of difference just a few short weeks later the lost a star.The Good:Interesting menuPretty good foodNice decorThe BadSlow service if it's even slightly busyCoffee is not good at allInconsistency
5	this place has all the requisite pieces of a wonderful neighborhood coffee shop.  decent brew, baristas who know how to pull a good shot, yummy food and snacks, and a welcoming, peaceful environment. if you want something sweet, try the french toasts - they will blow your mind.  ooey, gooey goodness in the form of homemade vanilla bourbon creme.  the savory stuff is good, too, from the burritos to the potatoes, and the lunch sandwiches are all pretty tasty.i never would've thought we needed another coffee shop in downtown phoenix, but this place has its own character that makes it just as appealing as anywhere else.   yay!
5	Yummy yummy yummy! Absolutely loved it - kick back, quiet, people nice, not crowded and breakfast was crazy yummy!
3	The food was pretty good - once we got it - but the service was very slow. The staff was very friendly though. I think the restaurant is experiencing some growing pains under its new owners. Some items on the menu were no longer available and the server said the menu is being revamped. The stuffed French toast with bananas was very good and the salsa served with my omelette was awesome! If they can get the restaurant operations to run more smoothly, I will be giving this breakfast spot more stars in the future.
4	As of January 2, 2012, Perc Up Coffee Cafe has changed owners, hours of operation, menu, and names.  Same espresso machine and coffee.  The Wy~Knot Cafe seems to offer more vegetarian and vegan options. (That is a tilde, not a hyphen in the name.)  No Yelp page yet.
