5	I used to have a super cool guy who did my gardening...then one day he stopped coming over, citing that he had bigger jobs and he was the only one who was doing all the work. He was clearly overextended and my lawn was long overdue for some help. Our HOA was leaving dirty notices taped to our garage door and soon we were getting nasty letters saying they were going to put a lien on the house. Geez, go away for the month of March, it pisses down rain, and weeds sprout...I came back at the beginning of April and found these guys by advertising on craigslist.These two guys are the most capable gardeners you will ever find -- they show up, are friendly and courteous...they even didn't even flinch when I warned them about the doggy landmines that could possibly await them - I did my best to pick up after puppy, but the housesitter didn't pick up after puppy while I was gone.It took them a day to get through the front yard and the backyard, but I've never been happier with them.This is one of my best kept secrets for gorgeous maintenance of  our fabulous land...and now I'm sharing it with you.
4	Very friendly... just great people... just not the most reliable or best results with our yard.  I am going to try them one more time since they are just so great, but the uneven yard and the dying shrubs can only last so long.
2	At first they where ok. Gave me a good price for bi-monthly maintenance  of just the front yard. They where good about letting me know when they where going to be there.  Until I asked for an extra service. I called to tell them that I wanted the back done instead of the front yard and I had a deadline that it needed to be done before.  I was called back the next day told they would look at the schedule and call me back. Almost 3 weeks went by before I got a text that they could get the back yard done a week after I needed it to be. Then they tried to make it seem like it was my fault that I was already on the schedule for an earlier date.  I don't know what they where trying to accomplish by blaming me for their lack of response but what they did accomplish was loosing any of my business.
