4	Loved the decor is this office. Felt more like a home and less like a doctor's office. The front office staff was very nice and Dr. Horowitz was extremely helpful and nice. They are very quick with scheduling too. Most of the time they have same-day appointments.
5	I needed a good gynecologist and I found the best one ever when I went to this facility.  On my first visit, I was immediately greeted by a friendly staff.  I was seen by Dr. Dombo.  I found her to have a warm and caring personality, a thorough approach to my healthcare, and accurate answers to all of my concerns.  The office is clean, modern, and very nicely decorated, and the staff uses the latest technology to record patient information. This doctor is a keeper for me!
4	Very nice office with polite staff. Dr. Dombo is the highlight of the office. She was very friendly and easy to talk to which was appreciated considering that I was a new patient. I would recommend her without hesitation. Four stars because I felt ignored by the staff before and after my appointment with the doctor.
2	Pros: Good hours. The amount of 'tech' in the office is appreciated as it seems to save time. Really liked Dr. Dombo. Listened, provided feedback and understood my concerns.  Cons: Its good to see multiple providers since its not certain you'd get the one you want so in rotating through them I found that the other provider was not someone I personally found comparable to work with during my pregnancy. She would refer to tests I hadn't completed (and not believe me or hear me when I said I didn't), she said I gained too much weight since my last appt (not realizing it had been more weeks than the standard number) and overall rather than giving me options, told stories from her residency about why I should do certain things rather than giving me pros and cons (i.e. someone died of the flu during her residency so one should definitely get a flu shot). I didn't feel treated with respect by her and at 33 weeks have switched providers. (After doing this I've heard at least one other story of this particular doctor being a challenge). Overall she doesn't seem very passionate about helping women and is going through the motions (I get it but I work a desk job, she's bringing life into the world). Though I really liked Dr. Dombo I don't want to risk having to be with this other provider.
2	I visited the MomDoc Thomas location about 6 months ago. I have somewhat of a special case; my regular OB/GYN was out on vacation, and referred patients to this office in the interim. So I understand that there could be some bumps along the way b/c of the special situation.The waiting room and office is very cute. I went in to get a Zpac. Once called back, the techs had me fully undress and asked me about 45 minutes of questions all about my pregnancy. I kept saying, 'I'm here for a cold, but I am pregnant' ....then they came back in the room and apologized, and that I needed to put my clothes back on...when I finally was able to see the doctor, she was great; sweet, caring, gave me what I needed.The office staff said they couldn't bill my insurance, and had to bill me for the full amount, so I paid it that day. About $200 for an office visit to get a Zpak [since I'm pregnant, my OB acts as my primary care provider, and expects MomDoc to do the same for her patients] I explained the situation to my OB when she returned, and they explained that the experience and charge was not accurate and to try to get the charge adjusted.I contacted billing, who referred me to the office supervisor, April, who I called 3 times and left messages over the course of 6 weeks...not one returned phone call or message to even discuss. It's only $200, should have been $50 for the copay, but it's the principle of non-attentiveness in customer management. A review is the only way I can hopefully get someone to listen, and prevent someone else having a similar negative experience.
