5	Great Service, on time with all repairs. Friendly knowledgeable staff that help solve your issues and explain the process. Will definitely be back.
2	I will begin this review with the note that the service has not been completed as yet for us..... However, what we have experienced up to this point has been less than satisfactory. Cons (so far)A. They tell you right upfront that you will pay $40 no if's and's or getting it back if they can't fix it for them to even consider looking at a wet iPhone. BTW... their website says free diagnosis (this is the second reason we chose this place, the first being below). That apparently does NOT apply to phones that have gone swimming. I am not sure exactly how I feel about this honestly. I have had 4 wet iPhones at this point with a 0% success rate in getting one actually "fixed. Two of the times I took the phones to get fixed here in Las Vegas and this was my experience with cost:       1.                one shop told me they could not fix it but asked if I was still within warranty on the phone and I was. They then worked on the phone to make it look like it hadn't been in water and instructed me to go to the Apple Store and get my replacement and not to mention the water. This worked and they charged me nothing for this entire service. I went back and tipped them the $40 upon successful exchange.       2.                the other company charged a $30 dollar fee and was not able to fix the phone. These guys fall along the lines of this establishment. With that said...B. We dropped it off on Thursday evening before closing and had not heard anything from them as of yesterday (Tuesday). Their hours on here say that they are open on Saturday but they assuredly are NOT, as we were informed. I called Tuesday midday to get a status and they had not even touched the phone since Thursday. Seriously? After walking the person on the phone through the entire scenario again and his comments divulging to me that they had done nothing, he tells me he is going to try and replace the battery and will get back to me tomorrow. That's today and I have heard nothing. Why am I in charge of bugging the crap out of you for you to tell me what is going on with the phone? This must be what my $40 dollars includes.I honestly believe that any iPhone that takes a nice 10 second dip in the pool (in nice quasi water proof case or not) can not be fixed. I have had four do this and after the first loss, I then followed all of the instructions of what to do and not to do when they hit the water - no power, no sync, rice, etc. and they have still not been able to be fixed. In knowing that this is how I truly feel, I don't know why I continue to HOPE that one day "life after swimming" for the iPhone will someday exist. and support the booming iPhone repair niche here. They probably knew it the second we told them what happened that there was no hope for the phone, but suckered us into the $40 dollars we would never see again anyways. And as it seems now, they are intending on keeping the dead phone because they haven't gotten back to us, and the phone stays busy after 2pm nonstop.ProThis shop was closer to our house than driving to Spring Mountain. I guess in the back of my mind I was thinking "If they aren't going to be able to fix it, I didn't drive as far to find that out.I will post an update if we get the phone back.
5	Fast turnaround, affordable and excellent customer service! Highly recommend for iPad and iPhone repair!
5	By far one of the best places I have been to as far as your local iPhone savers. Don't judge a book by its cover .. They are definitely a mellow place, but the people there are down to earth and really want to help. They helped me with getting my iPad 3 getting fixed while other stores are saying their are more problems than one. They were honest and gave me a reasonable price. They are very reliable in my opinion. It just reminds me of friends who are looking out for friends.
5	Drop your phone in water?  Call these guys. They are the best. My husbands iPhone got dropped in water and Clinton was able to restore it. FABULOUS !!!!!!!!'
2	Posting an update, as a repsonse to Josh's 'defense' of his company's operating policy, and personal slams of my review. I have seen a lot of scathing defensive responses to poor reviews and I get it. I have a lot of friends who struggle with people who intentionally post negative reviews when the customer doesn't get their way, but personally never experienced one myself until now, and I feel I need to update my review accordingly.As a side note, I apologize for not posting the finality of the situation. There are a couple of reasons why.1. If the story had a fairy tale ending I would feel compelled to get online and correct my posting as not to draw customers away from the amazing miracles this company could accomplish.2. Although I am an Elite Yelper, I have a job that takes me out of the country on a regular basis and has me working mostly 18 hour days where the last thing I want to do is get online and rehash a bad experience by updating the previous entry. Although I worked another 18 hour day and just completed sifting through emails to find this rebuttle, I'll provide my update. Update:The stars here on this review do not change as we did receive the phone back. It worked for a couple of days and then died again. We ended up working with one of those company's like Gazelle (I think is the name) that pays you for your dead, broken phones, etc. We received 50 dollars. There was no defrauding this company, as we did speak with them directly and explain the entire situation. I am at a loss for responding to the 'defrauding' Apple comment. There is truly no excuse for how we handled that situation, no matter how upset I was to find out Applecare didnt cover water damage at the time, how desperate I was to replace the phone for work, etc. The good news (for some) is that they do now, not once but twice per program so there is an alternative to gambling with companies that lead you to believe that water damage can be resolved. And for a few dollars more than we wasted on this repair, you are GUARANTEED a replacement for the phone not once, but twice with the plan.At this point, I would have to say that if this particular company was doing well, there might be more than 2 reviews and they would be better than mine. I hope that there will be more reviews that are more glowing than mine was, but I am not going to attempt to avoid confrontation with a company via Yelp by writing a glowing review when it wasn't deserved. I do appreciate the explanation of things regarding what all goes into the reasoning behind why you do business the way you do, it would be helpful if your staff would take the time and provide this information upon taking the phone from the customer. I think there was some long piece of paper you asked us to sign that MIGHT have had this embedded in it somewhere but upon receiving the form, you could go the extra mile to help the customer understand these things you stated here, and that 'diagnosis' does not mean 'evaluation' (which is my bad on that part). I would also think that posting scathing responses to poor reviews that include personal attacks on the reviewer, might be a bad Yelp response methodology - or it could just be insulting only to me, who knows.
5	We love this place.  They fixed my iphone after I dropped and shattered the glass.  They recommended tempered glass, but it was the day they were moving to their new, better location.  It's appointment only, but then you get their divided attention for all your needs.  We put tempered glass on all of our phones, a new case on mine, and the best part is the price, they are truly reasonable!!  My husband showed his phone to the phone people at a public business,  and he was super impressed with how well the tempered glass was put on his phone.  He is also going to recommend iMergency to people who need phone work.  Also, most of the repairs they do, it won't void your warranty, as we've been told.
5	Took my iPhone in with a disconnected screen and he got everything good as new inside of ten minutes. Much less than I expected and super fast and convenient. I highly recommend Clinton to anyone with a phone issue.
5	I am super happy with the work that iMergency did on my cracked iPad screen. They were fast and friendly and the iPad looks and works like new!
5	Great service, quoted me $55 to fix my on/off button on my iPhone.  Paid exactly $55 and it took 30 mins.
5	I called several places about getting my daughter's iPhone 5c screen replaced. I chose this place because the reviews were good and his pricing was by far the best. Clinton's customer service was outstanding! And he fixed the phone while we waited in less than 15 minutes. Best price + stellar customer service = sure thing. Highly recommend this guy!
5	Fixed my screen for $80. iPhone 5. Done in 10-15 min. Gave me a free case when I purchased tempered glass for an additional $15. Highly recommend.
5	Best service ever !!!! My iPhone looks brand-new and Clinton was awesome!!! customer service was great very nice company recommend them to everyone I'm also getting my iPad mini fixed. reasonable prices my phone was ready in 15 minutes best service ever in Las Vegas definitely definitely go to them for any repair needs!!!!
5	After a failed attempt on a DIY fix on 2 shattered screens on our iPad mini and Ipad, I finally brought it here. Clinton did a great job on fixing our iPads and even gave us a good deal on Otterbox case and screen protector glass. It looks brand new and the work was seamless. Very happy with the customer service I received from this place. Thank you!
5	I would have given more stars but 5 is the most you can give. Clinton is the bomb! He was amazing and very affordable. If you're looking for help look no further. Absolutely great and friendly service. Thank you again Clinton! My son was so upset about his broken iPad that Clinton even showed up on Sunday to take care of it!
5	Amazing service.  Totally cracked screen with dented corners.  Left it with them at 10 am and had a PERFECT iPad by 3:30.   Great service.
5	Lifesavers!  Perfect repair to a shattered screen done quickly and way cheaper than a new phone!
5	Fast, professional service. In and out in 30min. Cracked 5s screen replaced for $85 plus an additional 15$ for tempered glass cover.  Also provided a referral for best lap top screen replacement.
