4	Rigoberto's is another of those 24 hr. mexican food joints around the valley, this particular location has some great carnita and adobo tacos, we also had the chile relleno and it was fantastic. the tacos were very filling and big ($2.50 each). The horchata was just the regular drink you find at many other places, cold and the perfect amount of sweetness.Hot sauce should have been spicier. Overall i would eat their food whether i was drunk of not, its the real deal!
5	I was iffy to try this place because on the outside it looked kinda ghetto but I'm SO glad we did because the food is SO tasty! We love to get the Bacon Breakfast Burritos and the Carne Asada Burritos. SUPER tasy, huge burritos with amazing flavor. My mouth waters just thinking of it. I love the green salsa but the red they have is good too. Oh and their Horchata isn't too sweet, pretty tasty ;)The inside is actually pretty nice compared to the outside but we usually just use the drive though.
4	Okay so the only reason I'm giving Rigoberto's 4 out of 5 stars is because I'm currently on a diet and it's not diet friendly. So I'll write the rest of the review based on my pre-diet dining. This place is some serious mexican food. Not the fancy stuff, the good, mexican-at-home style. It's good at 6am, lunch, dinner, midnight, and even the 2am drunk-I'm-hungry meal. I have three favorites here.1. Bean and cheese burrito w/sour cream - the beans are refried with good ol' grease. It's delicious and the cheese is legit cheddar.2. Super Nachos - I don't understand how you can not finish this one. They give you a ridiculous amount of chips with a mexican buffet on top, but once you get the hot sauce on it, you can't stop.3. Carne Asada burrito, no pico, with sour cream and Guacamole - Cooked fresh on the grill and wrapped in the biggest tastiest flour tortilla. They even will sell you the tortillas by themselves if you ask. Enjoy!
1	It was closed.  We went there this past Tuesday and it was totally closed down. Looks like it is permanent.  It would be helpful if others would make a note of closings on other places as well.
