4	I came here a couple of weeks ago and instead of skipping over their Weight Watchers menu I actually tried something on it. They had two salads on there that sounded interesting one had fruit in it and the other one had steak and potatoes. I tried the one with steak and potatoes of course! It was different but it felt like a whole meal and it was good! The salad also had fresh spinach and finished off by a tasty vinaigrette that I wouldn't mind having again!
4	My friends and I came here a couple of nights ago. We had a great time and all the food came out right. Heather was a GREAT server! She had a great personality the entire time.
5	Kudos to Applebee's for opening early for breakfast to raise money for the families of the two Metro Police Officers and a citizen recently killed in Las Vegas. Breakfast was very good, the service was excellent and thank you for being a Community Partner. All funds raised will be donated.
4	Food was pretty good. Service great. We like this Applebee's location better than others in town.
3	I am currently here, at Applebee's writing this. First off, I must say our server Yuri is fantastic. However, the chef here needs to find another job, not around food. 3 of us ordered the 2 for $11 Vidalia onion steak combo... two with linguine and one with the Margarita chicken. 1 steak rare, one medium rare, one well done. And a children's steak, well done with applesauce. The well done steak was cooked perfectly.The rare steak was cook a little more than expected.The medium rare steak was "blue rare"... inedible. The children's steak was raaaaaare... and came out 5 minutes after the rest of our food.Sent back the children's and the medium rare.Children's came back medium, at best.Medium rare came out, a brand new steak, more rare than the first time. It's like they never even cooked it. Sent back a 2nd time.Called the manager over, took my entree and my son's entree, the issue dishes, off the bill completely. Everyone was quite apologetic. Our server was OVER apologetic,  it was saccharine. Finally, the 3rd time that they brought out my steak, it was charred on the outside.  At least it was cooked on the inside. All in all, not a horrible experience, but not as pleasant as past restaurant experiences.
5	Love this Applebee's wondered in here one night looking for a Margarita they have what's called the perfect Margarita and it's really good. The food is great and the people are super friendly. A special shout out to Samantha!!!
2	I am very upset with the service here that my family and I had tonight. The server brought the water very late after we ordered them (BEING THE ONLY TABLE). We ordered hot wings, for a table of 5. We got them with no sharing plates, and not even one napkin or silverware. While my hand in the air, making eye contact with my server, he ignored out table over and over. Finally having one of us chase him down and ask for the things, the simple things that should have been brought. He brought 3 plate for 5 people and 6 napkins. Along with the beginning being horrible service, The salads we subbed for French fries was double charged according the the receipt on the tablet. The manager had to walk by to realize we had no silverware. The manager was very helpful. I am not pleased with this service. I will not sit with him again.
