4	This is one chain fast food place that I can't seem to steer clear of for some reason.  And I always order the normal sandwich.  Why change perfection?  Service at this location is quick and friendly.Only thing to mar my experience was a shirtless guy and what looked like his mom wearing a too short skirt who sat down grumpily and yelled the "s-word" so loudly that it echoed into the kiddie play area.  I think I even saw a little girl faint in there. My appetite waned for a little until the delicious smell of the chicken sandwich wafted back to my nostrils.  I guess the food's too good for bad scenery to even stop me from chowing....although I did scarf as fast as possible so I could leave.I mean, I know I'm not eating at a four star restaurant, but...decorum!
4	Total guilty pleasure. My blood pressure probably jacks up faster than my ankles swell whenever I eat here, but it's just so stinkin good. My kids like the chicken nuggets too, and I like that I can get a cup of actual fresh fruit (not a baggie of apples) with their meals. Last visit was this past Friday, and while the food tasted as chickeny and salty as ever (waffle fries, droooool), two things could have been different - the staff was very attentive with me, but what was up with sitting around and talking while other people were obviously waiting to place an order? Let's call it an 'area for improvement', because that is not my normal experience here. I'd hate for others to think it's not good and not return.  But for the love of Sasquatch, please, please, please clean and deodorize the kids' play area. One of my kids, the one who asked me to NOT roll the window down after I heard a distinct fart from the back seat, stopped playing and said, "Mommy, it smells yucky in there." Honestly. :P
3	Not a bad alternative to some of the other trite, we usually get the chicken nuggets which are fresher and seem much less processed than some of the other alternatives and are pretty tasty, I enjoy the waffle fries and coleslaw, a guily pleasure of ours are the handspun milkshakes especially the cookies and cream, and I get a kick out of the "my pleasure" which is more customer service than mcdonald's version which consists of thrusting the bag out the window (usually short items and condiments) to have the window slammed on me.
4	I have always had good service here. I had placed a catering order that somehow they lost, and they were able to turn the order around in less than 20 minutes the morning that I showed up to pick up the food. AMAZING!!!!!
4	I don't know why I ever come here more often. I love Chick Fil-A, love their food, love their service. Let me see! What do I want? How about chicken!!!! Chicken sandwich, chicken tenders, breakfast chicken sandwich and chicken soda?? I wish they had chicken soda!!!! Oh yea, their fries are not that bad either!
4	Chick Fil-A is great. I came today for the free breakfast they have been giving away for the whole month of August. That's right the WHOLE month. I love that they have to say nice things when taking your order makes you feel like they care even if they really don't. Overall the service was great, quick and efficient.
3	Kinda pricey for not a lot or high quality food. I do love their sweet tea and milkshakes tho!!
5	You know what I like about Chick Fil-A? Their chicken sandwiches amongst all the fastfood chains in the world is damn way tooo LEGIT.BIG CHICKEN BREAST. who wouldn't wanna pick that over a round, sad, gnarly, frozen chicken patty that other chains offer?I truly love their Spicy Deluxe Chicken Sandwich. Oh. Yummmmmmy.......And their selection of sauces..... Polynesian sauce on that Spicy Chicken? Heavenly....OH. Sauces are free by the way. I hate fast food chains that charge for sauces, dressings and dips. that's nonsense.This location is situated in a busy plaza....however, they have their own little parking...and little drive through.. If you don't want to get out in the heat...Loved the service here...the staff are friendly and would offer you help (bigger bag, extra sauce, help to carry stuff in the car).. I came with a semi big complicated order...No tomato, no pickle, no both on some......and they got it all right. that's what i like. Clean tables as i noticed while i was waiting, Neat counter, where all the ketchup (in cute little squirt containers), and sauces are at... I can't wait till Chick- Fil-A in the Southbay opens with this great kind of staff and awesome kind of service.
5	This is a great place to get a protein packed chicken sandwich fast. The people that work here are friendly and the drive thru moves pretty fast. I only wish they were open on Sundays for my afternoon workout post meal. Other than that I like this place and that says a lot coming from me. Only downside is that it does get pricey but you get what you pay for and it's better than McDonalds (Which I never eat)!!!
3	Good in a pinch. Not my favorite thing in the world and with 5 guys opening across the street they'll definitely be seeing less of me, but overall nice to have around, although I always seem to crave it on Sundays.
3	Food is ok... I think its a bit overpriced though.. Service is good.. Just not a big fan..
3	Gosh, I haven't been to a chick fila in ages! I was overdue to get my chicken on, so I stopped in here after my interview.  Place was like every other chick fila I've been to, and it was busy because it was a busy with lunch hour people.The line was long when I got here, but the staff was really good about taking orders and getting the food out fast. I usually go with the regular chicken sandwich, which I think is a #1 on their menu.  The drinks here never seem big enough, and I had to get a refill mid meal.  Also, the fries seemed to be a little undercooked, but edible.Even after the whole political thing about chick fila last year, I do frequent them from time to time. I don't normally come to this side of town, but when i saw them, I knew it was going to be good food. Overall good clean location, and their food usually doesn't disappoint. I LOVE their chicken bagels for breakfast! They are so tasty! It sux that their closed on Sundays, but oh well.
5	Always reliably good food.Chicken is always juicy and tender, veggies are fresh, sauce selection is superb. For gluten-free, opt for the lettuce wrapped char-grilled chicken sandwich. The waffle fries are fried in a dedicated fryer, so they are gf too!Friendly staff and clean location.
5	Chicken sandwich is good, always fresh vegetables! Fast and friendly costumer service! Always clean and the staff is polite! The fries are my favorite and also the part is free refills on the drinks! I give it a 5 stars because I've been to many Chick-Fil-A's across the states and i always get the same exceptional service! Good food!
4	Well the grilled chicken salad with blueberries, strawberries, apples carrots, blue cheese crumbles, roasted nuts is fantastic.  I had the avocado lime ranch dressing which should be bottled and sold in stores, it is so good!   However, their new limited time mocha shake is not great.  Should have just gotten the lemonade.   I had to rate only 4 stars because of that shake.
5	The only surprise here is that it's just as amazing every time I come in. Not only is the chicken amazing but the people are so nice it seems almost like they are there just for me.  Definitely try them out. Today I got a Grilled Chicken Cool Wrap with Spicy dressing, the wrap was not overwhelming and the bread actually had flavor, i didn't tear away prices like I do with most wraps at fast food joints.
5	This place is a staple for when my preschooler needs to let out some energy and we're all hungry. Food is always fresh, service is always outstanding.
3	Love the lemonade!  Everything else is just okay, but the lemonade alone is worth the trip!
5	I was pleased to see this restaurant. I live In Las Vegas... Where we don't have the pleasure of binging on their yummy chicken. I was happy to find this location staffed with efficient employers. Our food order was correct and came out quickly.
1	My first time eating here... Oh my goodness... why would anyone eat here food is gross.  worst chicken  ever, it was like rubber.
4	I loooooove Chic Fil A breakfast. I stop here sometimes during the weekend for a spicy chicken biscuit and hash browns. Yummy, high quality food! I don't know what's in their special sauce, but it's truly addictive. This location has great service (like all Chic's I've been to!). The drive through gals are always friendly, fast and efficient.If you're in the area, definitely try out this Chic Fil A!
1	I love a good chicken sandwich and ordered two of them for my brother and myself with a fry and a drink!  His sandwich was fine and he ate it all!  However my other sandwich had some very nasty chicken and was extremely unappetizing for me to enjoy and I threw all of it out!  I was very displeased and called the new owner of the place the next day to let him know that it was a bad experience for me!  He said he would take care of it when I came in the day i called!   He was extremely rude and seemed like he didn't want to refund my transaction so I just asked for another sandwich to try it again and he comped it for me.  This time it was ok and not as nasty!   I will never return to this place again and don't recommend it due to this experience.  The fries and drinks were great though!  Horrible new owner!
1	Not my pleasure, not a fan.
4	Really enjoy their chicken sandwiches. They are never dry and always super moist. The prices are a bit higher than I would like, but it's not a bad deal. My kids love their chicken nuggets but they are not big fans of the waffle fries. I would prefer regular fries over waffle ones. I know they are closed on Sundays for religious beliefs maybe that's why we had to wait in the drive thru for 20 minutes. They were definitely packed at almost 2pm.
4	Stopped here for breakfast the other day.  I love their biscuits!  I got a chicken biscuit and a 4 piece Chick Fil A chicken minis.  Total was just a bit over 5 bucks.  Here is how they were..........Chicken Biscuit- Delicious!  My favorite thing from this restaurant.  I prefer it over their chicken sandwiches and everything else.  The biscuit is soft, buttery and delicious.  The chicken is always prepared perfectly.  I should have gotten 2 of these.  You will see why, next.Chick Fil A Minis-  Eh...they were just alright.  A bit skimp for the price.  The "buns" they use for these things are like cinnamon rolls without the heavy icing.  They are kind of hard to describe.  I didn't really enjoy them though.  They had an almost "stale" taste/texture to them.  The chicken pieces were super skimp too.  I almost guarantee that those 4 mini pieces of chicken didn't add up to/equal what is in their biscuits.  I would not get these again.Service is always friendly.  They are sincere and treat everyone well.  This place is pretty close to my house so I'm sure I will be back.
3	I drive all over the metro Phoenix and surrounding. All chick fil a's I have been to have good customer service and great food.  However,  the Deer Valley and Surprise location are too conservative with their condiments. The Arrowhead 83 location seems more inviting and welcoming.  Seeing sauces sugars creamers full and stocked (not having to ask), just feels more welcoming.  When given the choice I will pass on the other 2 but will definitely make the Arrowhead 83rd and Bell my location to visit.
