3	I had a Living Social voucher to use after wanting to try a dry salon. They are fairly new and small salon but Sam took great care of me. She listened and did a superb haircut and color.  She's great at styling too!
1	I had an appointment for a blow dry at 3:30PM on a Tuesday. I got there and there was no one there! It was shocking!  I called hello, hello and no oneanswered. I waited for 15 minutes, but still no one showed up. I wanted to get this done before I went out of town for the holidays. I called and was told that they have no idea what happened, instead of apologizing  they said to come back tomorrow.This is no way to run a business. What a joke!
5	I live in Northern California and have a beautician in Los Atlos.  Kelly at Salon Blew tinted my hair and gave me a blow out that was better than I have ever received anywhere AND and a much lesser cost.  I highly recommend her and the salon.
5	I been going to Ashley for a year now and I wouldn't go to anyone else! She does a great job and knows exactly what I want when I explain to her. She has gotten my hair to the perfect blonde that no one else he been able to do. I have a tendency to go copper which I hate and past stylists have never been able to get me to the blonde I wanted without the copper shining through, but Ashley has always kept me blonde.......no copper! She's great! The salon itself is clean and everyone is always friendly, no complaints
1	For several months I have been having my hair done at Salon Blew by Kelly.  Sometimes the color came out good and other times it did not. I continued going there because I have not lived in NV a long time and I liked going to a beauty salon that was close to where I lived.I recently went to have my hair done.  Kelly kept me waiting for almost an hour.  Her salon chair, although all salon chairs turn around and go up and down, was not connected to the floor.  When I got up to have the hair color washed out, the chair moved away from the floor and I caught my shoe on the bottom of the chair.  Needless to say, I fell and badly hurt myself.  She did get me ice.I thought, after all this, that she would tell me not to pay for the color and blow dry. Did not happen!  I also thought after a day or 2 she would have the thoughtfulness to call me and ask how I was feeling. Did not happen!There are many good beauty salons in this town and I will find one, no matter what the distance.
