2	We need some food so popped in for a quick bit to eat before a gig in Bannermans. Walking past the window I spied someones fish and chips this looked great so in we treked. The restaurant its self looked nice and clean. The chippy area for take aways was turned out in a similar way. We had a nice exchange with the staff and your usual chippy fair was on offer plus kebabs pizzas etc. Ok pretty much what we need from convience food. My friends ordered chips and cheese, a bag of chips and for myself a single fish. We then headed off to eat this on the hoof. The chips seemed like they were reheated and tasted like bad oil. The cheese was imitation cheese, this is cheese made from vegetable oil urrggh. It was really bad. The fish was okay and reasonably priced for the end of town, but really was a bit ...... meh.I guess this place would be fine if you were drunk and wandering home, so wouldnt notice. We had just finished work however so were fully aware of what ended up in the bin.
1	As a child, I was always told: If you can't say anything nice, then it's probably best to keep quiet. As an adult I find sometimes it's better to speak up and in this case, warn folk before they head to one of the worst chippies in town. Admittedly, this might sound a little harsh. We were heading to a gig at Bannerman's last Friday, the pints had already started flowing and we were really just looking for a simple carb laden pick-me-up before more merriment ensued. Uncle's seemed as good place as any. There was three of us present - Al had fish, Dave had chips and I had chips and cheese - all of which fairly standard fayre for a chippy, one would say. The fish was apparently "okay" but I certainly cannot say the same about my food. The chips were rock hard and obviously reheated and the cheese was like grated margarine. In fact it was imitation cheese (as Al informed me). Sometimes referred to as analog cheese - it is primarily made of vegetable oil and pretty darned gross. I think this was the first time I'd ever had this stuff, so it came as a pretty gross and unwanted surprise. The first bin I came to subsequently ended up more full than I on that particular evening.This might have just been a bad night for the guys at Uncle's, but their choice and quality of their basic products leave a lot to be desired. I certainly will not be going back any time soon.
5	The perfect place to fill up your tummy :)You have a choice of taking away or sitting in, what I like is that even if you sit in and you can't finish you can take your leftovers home. I love the fact there's a big range of different things to choose from. Fish and chips, pizza, wraps, burgers, doner meat as well as desserts AND of course deap-fried Mars bars. My favourites have to be the fishcakes, doner chicken and pizzas! Everything has so much taste. Uncles is perfect for a family day out for lunch or a catch up with a friend and the portions are pretty good! The place is clean and you can sit with their free Wi-Fi :) The staff are very friendly. A must visit for their fish & chips! I have been countless times and will continue that way :)
