5	This is the place to go for all of your bird needs!!!  The staff and owner are always available to answer any questions from nutrition to housing to training  your feathered friend!!!  All of their birds are well fed and well socialized!!!  The have excellent prices compared to any other store in the valley, and they make most of their bird toys!  I have compared many bird stores on the cost of boarding my macaw, trimming nails, wings and beaks, and Tropic Zone is at least 50% cheaper with a staff that is 200% more knowledgeable and friendly than anywhere else I have been!!!  Another big characteristic  is that you can make payments on your supplies and bird here, and you can even take your bird for a home visit!!!!  Also, the store isn't a drab, dirty, poorly lit, kind of smelly place like other bird stores I have been in.  On the contrary, it is very clean, colorful, and all of the tropical decoration definitely makes you feel like your in an inviting place.Clean, friendly and knowledgeable, I give them five feathers!!  I'm sure the droves of smiling customers I see in their on a daily basis would also agree!
4	It is so hard to find a good place to purchase everything you need for your bird's needs but, Tropic Zone pulls it off. Their prices are reasonable and it is nice to be able to see what you are buying first hand instead of playing the guessing game online.
5	My very first job ever was working for a bird store called "Chirp and Dales." Very cute, I know. Well, 12 years later, Chirp and Dales has relocated and switched names to Tropic Zone.My favorite thing about this store is that each of the employees absolutely loves the birds there. They are very knowledgeable, pretty friendly, and very in-tune with the birds needs. They have a good variety of bulk foods, and a huge selection of toys. They also have grooming items, carriers, cages, perches, and an array of treats. Pretty much anything you need for a bird, Tropic Zone has. They also do boarding ($10-15 a day!!) and grooming.Today was my fourth or fifth visit to the store, and I made a very special purchase that will ensure I keep coming back. Cotarra is the newest addition to the Williams-Gold family :-)I forgot to mention that you can bring your winged friend to the store and sit them on the perches attached to the shopping carts! Supppper cute!!All around A+
5	I just discovered this place a few weeks ago and when I walked in, I was blown away. The staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the birds/food/toys, etc. It's such a treat to walk in there with all the loud beautiful parrots perched and fooling around in there. I love the variety of seeds and nuts they provide and the vast amount of toys they have as well. Awesome place to check out for the bird lover. It's a one stop shop for all your birds needs!
5	These people truly care about animals and they trully make sure that you are ready for the responsibility of taking on a pet bird and that you are fully aware of what is involved.
5	We were at the store today and Wow people were nice, very friendly! They have everthing for your parrot, very clean store too. All the parrots they have looked happy! My daughter loved it place, she thought it was better than going to the Zoo.  Next time we go we're taking our parrots.
5	What an awesome store !  Everything is clean and tidy.  The first sign of a good pet store.  Was visiting friends in Phoenix and on the way out of town needed a large collapsible travel cage. They had the cage and when I mentioned I was on the way to San Diego to pick up a Blue and Gold Macaw she loaded up a bag of food as a gift.  What a nice gesture.  Very enthusiastic about the birds and their store.  Can not wait to visit them again on my next visit.
5	This pet store is as good as it gets.  Friendly and knowledgeable staff, clean and their large inventory is reasonably priced.  I will only shop here.
5	I absolutely love this store. I find myself chilling out with the birds on a good day and even to brighten a bad day.I obtained my pet Nov 2010. He has one of the best personalities I have met in a small critter.  I take my sweet bird back to this location for routine grooming. He is difficult to get in a towel but these women never give up. He always looks great when finished.I love this bird store. They offer boarding for your little friend. I wonder if my bird misses being at the store with other birds.
5	We love visiting the Tropic Zone. We purchased a parrotlet there for my daughter & I bring my Eclectus in to be groomed. They have a great selection of toys & it is always fun to see the birds!
5	I love it here! I volunteered here and the manager and staff are all very caring and trustworthy. They only think of the best for the birds and give them, a absolutely healthy balanced diet. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is a exotic and native bird lover :)
5	Everyone is very nice and the birds are all happy. I purchased my first  parrotlet from them and we get all of their food, grooming and do boarding there. Everytime I pick up my little ones they are happy.
5	Clean, good prices, knowledgeable staff, caring.  The birds all seem happy and healthy.  you can bring your birds in for grooming too!
