5	My fiance and I came to Ben Bridge after a horrendous experience at a London Gold. We were pretty upset, but the salesperson at Ben Bridge put us at ease. We told her our price range and what we were looking for and she went to work finding us the best diamond for our budget. She even spent time educating us on the different grades of diamonds and their colors. We ended up purchasing a lovely white gold engagement ring with a princess cut diamond and a white gold wedding band to match. I was so pleased with the service and the prices as well as the selection. I wish I could remember the name of the saleswoman who helped us. I have recommended Ben Bridge to several friends since our visit there.
1	I came in her with my friend looking for a gemstone engagement ring for her. The salesperson offered no further assistance after stating that only diamonds are suitable for engagement rings because other gemstones are too soft and will have to be replaced "regularly." Obviously diamonds are the most durable stones, but if sapphires are good enough for Kate Middleton, they're certainly good enough for the commoners. We know commissions are highest on diamond sales, but perhaps work with your customers' requests and you might get some commission instead of none.
2	I purchased 2 Pandora charms and a bracelet. One of the charms chipped after 5 months, I returned it and received awesome service, a new charm and a polished bracelet.  Fast forward.... Same charm chipped again, this time service was HORRIBLE. The saleslady insinuated that I didn't even purchase my charm from them, because it was missing something. Then she said I smashed it. Once she pulled up the receipt she said she was not able to replace the charm because it was passed the 90 days and management would have to approve.  When I returned the charm the first time it was 5 months after the purchase. Thanks to Foresquare I have proof. Anyway, I was expecting her to inspect my bracelet or offer to clean and polish it. I received nothing, not even the phone call from the manager which I left with the damaged charm. Needless to say I will never purchase another piece from this jeweler. And I will also be contacting Pandora on merchants not standing behind their product. Shop at your own risk.   2 stars because the other lady and the original gentleman were very nice. He's no longer there.
5	Everything about the Chandler London Gold is perfect! They are friendly & attentive. The quality of jewelry & the time spent with customers to me is unique! I won't shop anywhere else.
2	Let me start by saying I had a salesman named John and he is the only reason this review is not a one.  If anything he was charming enough that I didn't actually call the owner of the store.  I accompanied  my wife today to purchase a Pandora charm bracelet and some charms to go with it. John was nice enough to take time helping us, and showing us many charms and bracelet styles. Now as my wife was questioning John about the $140 package they had advertised and the free charm they had advertised for spending 100 dollars, in comes the "Manager."  There was talk of the chain lengths being too long for the $140 package. This made no sense, since the cost of the chain was the same no matter the  size. However, the manager was going to swap the wifes chain size for the "packaged" one; well how nice for us.  Then,  after we picked our charms, we were asked what charm we wanted  for free out of the charms we chose. I asked why this mattered, we chose 2 charms one comes with the package and one is free as advertised. The price should be the same either way. The manger decides she is going to lecture me on how business works, and how most businesses would not give the more expensive charm for free, but I could already tell from the total she was about to tell me how she had done us this great big favor.  So I began explaining to her that in the past I had also been a manager, was well aware of how business works, explained the principle of acceptable loss. I.E. It's much better to take a 5 dollar loss to make a 185 dollar sale with an almost guaranteed chance of having a repeat customer that also drums up word of mouth positive advertisement, then losing a 190 dollar sale and having someone slam you on YELP.  However, the whole conversation was MUTE because either way the price should have been the same.  Anyway, as I am, explaining to this person who has now made the overall process 10 minutes longer, by getting involved in the sale in the first place, this " manager " turned her back on us and told John to finish us up.  YOU NEVER TURN YOUR BACK ON A CUSTOMER, all this lady did was take a fun experience and make it awkward and hateful. The best advise I could give this woman is if you plan to stay in retail sales, take off those ridiculous heels and put on a smile. Your overall attitude is soul crushing in a place that is supposed sell tokens of  love, joy, and happiness.  Secondly, think about taking some courses from Dale Carnegie, it would do you wonders and probably raise your profit margin.
