1	We went here for Charlotte Restaurant Week.  We had reservations for 7:45 and we were seated promptly.  However, it was twenty minutes before we were approached by a server.  Keep in mind the restaurant was only half full.  The waitress finally came by and took our orders.  She was a bit short with us.  We ordered the cornflour dusted oysters as an appetizer.  I think these were the best part of the meal.  They were deep fried oysters served with hot sauce.  About an hour after we ordered, the waitress came to our table and asked me a pointed question, "Are you two waiting on your entrees?"I wanted to say something smart ass like no we are waiting for a bus, but I'm too nice for that.  She said the entrees would be out in a minute and got them about 15 minutes later.  A full hour and 15 minutes since we ordered them.  (We arrived at the restaurant at 7:45 and got our check at 10)  I had the Black & Bleu Filet Mignon.  It was ok.  I thought the best part of the dish was the two waffle fries sticking out of the mashed potatoes.  The atmosphere of this restaurant doesn't make sense to me.  They have what looks to be two framed posters near the foyer.  One of Bach and the other of Beethoven.  The rest is random old/posh looking items.  I won't be returning to this restaurant because of the bad service and bland food.
5	I couldn't disagree more with the previous reviewer. Unfortunately they had a bad experience, but don't ever let that deter you from trying a restaurant a second time. My husband and I went to Maestro's tonight and had what I think is the BEST meal I have had in Charlotte. The ingredients were all extremely fresh and you could tell the owner puts his heart and soul into his cooking. He makes EVERYTHING on site from the hot rolls to the luscious deserts. You must try the wild mushroom soup, the baked brie and the chocolate mouse cake creme Analise. Awesome and we will go back as fast as we can. Good and different wine menu as well.
5	If you are looking for a cozy place to relax  with great food and service this is it! This is the best kept secret in South Charlotte. Not for people that are in a hurry.
2	We live about 15 minutes away. Went there last month for the first time and had no problem with either the food or service, although the drinks are skimpy. Pam, the co-owner, came to our table, introduced herself and was very welcoming.This past Wednesday, I called and asked Pam for a 6:30 reservation for that Friday night. She was offered 6:15 or 6:45. Since my husband wasn't home to discuss this, I asked if it could be left at 6:30. After much wrangling, Pam finally said she could "fit us in."When we got to the restaurant at 6:30, it was practically empty! Pam never came near our table the whole evening, although she was moving to every other table and talking to patrons.At the end of the meal, we gave the waitress a discount coupon. When she came back with the bill, she said that it was only good Tuesday or Thursday night, but Pam would give us the discount anyway. This is odd because we presented an identical coupon on our first visit on a Frday night and had no problem. It was pretty obvious we were being snubbed and given a hard time-over a reservation issue in a half-empty restaurant! The entire incident was very bizarre. The food is OK but not worth the hassle. We won't be returning.
5	This is a great little family owned place.  Sat out on the patio surrounded by flowers.  Hubby had the mussels which he said were delicious.  I had a turkey panini with sweet potato fries that were both yummy.  I will be back!
3	Wonderful experience! I was in town on business, looking for somewhere cozy. Small, family-owned business, excellent food!I had a nice merlot, wild mushroom soup, beef Wellington, coffee and the lemon tart.  Everything was perfect! I would highly recommend this nice little, very personal restaurant.
5	Very Romantic!! And Best Restaurant in Pineville (south Charlotte) area.  The Beef Wellington is Amazing and the Duck was Excellent.  Also the Chocolate Mousse Cake is a must!!  Don't miss this very private restaurant.
4	What a wonderful place!  This restaurant is tucked away in the little town of Pineville and is literally a house converted into a culinary palace!  Thank you, Restaurant.com, for luring us into this place (because I'm sure we otherwise wouldn't come here).  While the food is spectacular, the prices are a little bit on the higher end.  Perfect for date night with that special boo.Between my 3 friends and I, we got the brie appetizer, mushroom soup, beef wellington (fyi- needs to be requested ahead of time), crabcakes, and chocolate mousse cake.  We did the ole family style tradition and tried each other's plates.  Everything was so good, we ate to the brink of explosion- and then ate some more.  The portions are generous but remember to leave room for dessert.  The chefs main specialty is, after all, desserts!Remember to take some time to read the story on the menu.  This house is filled with experience, stories, and wonderful food.  A must try for all my fellow Charlotte folks.
5	Most charming restaurant I've been to in a long time.  During that lull between Christmas and New Year's I was looking for someplace different to take my 20 year old son to lunch.  As we had an errand in Pineville I searched that area, and I'm glad I did!  Maestro's is in a cozy house just off of the main street in Pineville.  The decor was warm and inviting with lots of natural light coming through the windows in the area at of the back of the house where we were seated.  I had the mushroom soup (delicious!) and my son had the lobster bisque (equally declicious!).  He had the Oyster Po' boy and substituted the BLT salad for fries.  I had the Fried Flounder sandwich with a BLT salad.  Both meals were outstanding and showed attention to detail.  The BLT salad was flavorful and fresh, and the sandwiches were perfectly prepared (we were both eyeing each others' meal! :) )  Service was also great--we enjoyed talking to Pam (one of the owners) and reading about the story behind Maestro's.  I've already recommended to friends.  We'll definitely be back!
4	We went to eat her for their Valentines Special.  We did have reservations ahead of time and were seated promptly.  There were three of us in out party since we had our 19 year old daughter along but they made sure that we were able to enjoy a lovely evening together.  The food was great and very plentiful we all had food boxed up to take home.  I will definitely go again.
5	Stopped in for lunch today after passing restaurant many times. I was pleasantly surprised. The food was great! I'll definitely be going back!
5	THE best meal I have ever eaten in Charlotte. Came here for business dinner and will come back here again each time I visit. The soups were out of site!  A perfect blend of mushrooms in one; a gorgeous lobster bisque that would make a New Englander wish he was home (yes - gorgeous is a perfect description). Entrees consisted of a perfectly cooked classic Beef Wellington; mouthwatering lamb chops; and a delicious looking seafood vol-au-vent (the diner had the beginnings of a cold and did not share; but guess what one of us will have upon our return!)Desserts were phenomenal!  The chef/owner (Kyle Burke) stopped and visited our table. Turns out he's a CIA grad, was hand-selected to cook breakfast table side for Robert Mondavi, and has won many awards for his desserts! And they were spot on! Many eye rolls in delight. I'm not from Charlotte and not familiar with the dining scene in the area. But if it's a drive for you to get here?  It'll be so worth it you'll do it a second time without thinking.
5	Just had a delightful lunch at Maestro's!  It's so refreshing to eat in a restaurant that is all about the food, not about pre-made, chain slop.  It's hidden down a side street in the small town part of Pineville, but it's well worth the look!  I had quiche and wild mushroom soup; the quiche was delicious, and the soup was flavorful without being ham-fisted with the spicing.  The staff is so courteous, recommending things they thought we'd like and keeping my ever-thirsty husband's tea glass thoroughly filled!  And dessert...insert Homer Simpson drool here!  The creme brulee was the best creme brulee I've ever tasted!  The entire bottom of the dish was coated in vanilla bean; to me that is a sign of a quality homemade dish.  They garnish it with whipped cream and a mango/strawberry drizzle that completes the meal!  And all for only fifty calories (don't ruin my delusion, I'm sticking to that count!)  Lunch is very VERY reasonable price-wise; I'm assuming dinner would be just as reasonable.  Such a nice place for a cozy, intimate date or a huge family party.  We'll most definitely be back!
5	Love this place! I am not even a fan of mushrooms, but thier wild mushroom soup is amazing!  The owners are super nice and always great food and service.
5	My wife and I have been looking for our new favorite restaurant and without a doubt have now found it. We ordered the beef wellington and lamb. Started with a Cesar salad that had large shaved parmasion and wild mushroom soup that was amazing. The dinner was fantastic and we absolutlety would not have a changed a single thing. This place is a MUST try.
5	Wonderful variety on menu. We had scallops and crab cake. Great portion size and value for money. Crab cake was best I have had and scallops perfectly prepared. Calamari was great.  Will be back.
4	This place is a true hidden gem in the Pineville area.  I have lived in the Charlotte area for quite some time and remember this place through the changes of Tio Montero, Cajun Queen and not Maestros which has been in this location for a while.We made un needed reservations with fiends for a nice night out sans rug rats.  Walking in at 6:15 on a Saturday night I was disheartened to not see the place packed which I hoped wasn't indicative of the experience that I was about to have.  Quick glance at the menu showed that they have A LOT of variety and you can pretty much have any type of food you want.  They also have a lot of gluten free items which are prominently displayed on the menu.  I started with the Spinach Salad which was served with warm bacon & honey Dijon dressing.  It was excellent and as someone who appreciates a home made dressing, I was happy.  Reading the other Yelpers reviews prior to my arrival I thought about the Beef Wellington but don't have the foresight to order 4 hours ahead so I figured I'd order something else.  Lucky for me they just happened to have some available....I ordered it the way meat should be done Medium Rare.  It came out perfect!!  Succulent perfectly cooked filet topped with a mushroom duxelle (I had to look that up, since I'm not THAT fancy!) wrapped in puff pasty.  It cut like butter and tasted amazing, YUM!  We finished off the night with an indulgent Lemon Cheesecake that was made in house.  It was delicious, served with a strawberry sauce and the lemon was apparent in every bite.The service was attentive, which it should be since there wasn't a crowd of people.  I'm not sure if this place needs to do a better job of advertising to get more people in but the word should get out.
4	Visited solo on a business trip and sat at the bar.  Good vibe and had 4 tvs to watch. Expectation was to grab a few drinks and eat an average dinner. I typically stay way from fish when I visit a mall restaurant but the salmon salad was fantastic. Delightfully surprised with the quality of food and I'll be back on my next trip to Charlotte
5	Romantic little restaurant in a quiet location.  We happened upon it by accident and I was definitely underdressed but the staff said "don't worry" and made me feel at home.I had the filet mignon and they let me substitute rice for mashed potatoes due to my dairy issues.   Food was awesome, everything fresh.  Full bar and great meals means we will be coming back, hopefully soon!  PS: Parking is easy since they have their own private lot in back.
5	Just had martinis. Really good!  U just try the Key Lime martini - Delicious!  The owner was friendly. She was very inviting.
5	Unexpected find while out shopping!  We stopped for lunch mid-afternoon based on the great Yelp reviews and we are glad we did.  The food was fantastic.  The owner recommended the Black Forest salad as something unique to their menu. The flavors were terrific -- loved the ginger flavors in the dressing.  We had quiche and a salmon sandwich.  Everything was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious.  Nice atmosphere in an older house.
5	What a find!  From the brown sugar pecan crusted Brie with raspberries, creamy wild mushroom soup, to flourless crabcakes in a Dijon sauce and then the beef Wellington!  Everything was perfect.  Clean, classy to casual atmosphere in what appears to be a home at one time.  All this in the middle of the quaint City of Pineville.  If I lived here I would be back often.
1	Went for lunch today.  Tablecloth (plastic)'was dirty; hostess/waitress/owner wore dirty clothing.  My wife ordered quiche and soup.  Soup adequate but she sent quiche back because it was horrible.  No apology or interest in why she did not like it and was told she must not like pesto (she enjoys pesto.) Price removed but servers attitude very poor.  My french onion chicken was adequate at best. Will not be going back.
