4	This is my favorite Marshall's... they have a great selection of merchandise year-around.  Women's clothes and shoes are super here and the store is a little cleaner and more well organized than some of the other local Marshall's. They also have an amazing selection of home-goods including sheets, towels, accessories, and a limited selection of furniture items.  I have also found some cool grocery items and mixers. The store gets busy though - so lines are common at the checkout.  Just don't go when you are in a hurry.
3	if I were a perfson who loved shopping then this place would most likely be one of my favorites. They have a huge home section for those who like the fru-fru fancy stuff, I am a plain Jane mostly (my favorite color is Charcoal grey- so there ya go)Sometimes I can find a great deal or several on clothes/jeans. But my biggest gripe is the childrens sections are awful!. they have hardly anything to choose from and it seems they never have my child's size!They do have a small selection of toys and pretty good selection of baby stuff, so looking a last minute gift for a baby shower or new birth then you are sure to find it here.They sell perfmues and colognes, air diffusers and unigue food and seasoning items. You can probably find a neat decor item for each area of your home. But for me who is a get in and get out kinda girl, I get tired of searching through racks upon racks looking for a particular type item.
3	While I don't head down to this part of town too often, I'm always game to check out Marshall's. And hey, HomeGoods is attached as well, so if you need some sheets, towels and homewares to go with your new sweater, game on. The Good:The variety in every category is vast and well stocked. I was particularly impressed with the denim and contemporary collections near the front of the store. J Brand, Sevens and Joe's for $39.99, cashmere scarves for $25-$50, cute jackets, quality brand names and a solid shoe selection too. The Bad: On a weekend, this place can be hell. Parking is ridiculous and, frankly, if you can get in and out without almost hitting someone, bravo to you. Like most Marshall's, the merchandise is haphazardly organized and there certainly aren't multiple sizes in every item.
2	I've only ever bought a belt and undershirts from here because I think they want too much for the men's clothing. Also their selection is very limited in my size (XL) and they have too many clothes with polyester in them. I prefer 100% natural fibers but I can put up with 8% other. Most of their stuff was 60% polyester and up.Maybe I'm just cheap but I can get a better clothing at better prices from Buffalo Exchange or Revolve.I do not see the appeal. Heck, just wait for a sale at Dillard's or Norstrom Rack! I'm glad that they don;t depend on me for business because they would starve.ddc
4	I could get lost in here. I love how they have everything  organized and the line is never too long unless you're in there close to closing. They have everything you would need for the home decor and fashion. Seriously..
