3	First of all, I am very picky about my haircuts. Over the last 2.5 years, only one lady has ever touched the mop on my head.  But since I moved to Pittsburgh, flying to the OC for a haircut would be a little pricey/ridiculous.  So I thought I would give Sport Clips a try.  They have an interesting website explaining how they cater specifically to the needs of male grooming and most importantly how for your first time there you get a free upgrade to their MVP package, don't forget to let them know.  Also they do not take reservations, if only by walk-ins.  When I walked through the doors, I told myself, "this cannot be any worse than Supercuts, just give it a try."  So i put my name down and waited for the next available stylist.  This place was BUSY.  I waited for about 20 minutes, but it was fine because there was a flat screen TV showing the Lakers game.  Now I have to be honest, there has to be a screening process for these stylists besides haircutting ability.  By this, I mean: none of them were unattractive.  So I could see the appeal of this place, and how it correlated with the number of middle aged men waiting to be groomed.To be brief about the haircut experience, well I really do not have to try because it was the fastest haircut I have ever gotten, and I was having a lot of hair cut off (I hadn't been to a barber in over 4 months).  So as you can expect, the #4 clippers did most of the work, and then she followed up the buzz with some scissor action and then, Done!Well the haircut was not bad, but I normally tend to be particular about some things, but at this point, fearing the buzzers to come back out, I decided to just let it go and the cut looked good enough.  So I guess if you are not looking for a fancy cut, this place is good for the price and the staff.
3	Good cut. Yes, it was extremely fast, but they were trying to do 1000 cuts in 7 days (would be the company record. I used to go to the same sports clips in Austin, TX and had the same barber, she was fast, too, but, also cleaned and trimmed my beard, mustache and eyebrows. Not the case today in Robinson. But, then again. I didn't ask. If you want a descent haircut. This place could work.
4	A very cool place to get a hair-cut.  I'm loving the flat screen TVs all over the place.  Service is excellent.  I highly recommend Caitlin.  She did an absolutely excellent job with my cut.  My only complaint would be that it's perhaps a bit pricier than I would like.  Then again, I'm a simple dude who doesn't like to pay much for things like haircuts.  Nevertheless, check this place out.  You won't be disappointed.
