5	Had my first office visit with SunRise Dental this morning.  Let me backtrack, I haven't seen a dentist in about a year, so I was due for a visit.  I called around my nearby dentist offices and the first two places had an appointment available 3-4 was away!  SunRise dental was my third pick only by distance and they were able to schedule me for the next day, which was for this morning!  Yes, a dentist office that works on weekends!   So I went in early to fill out the normal paperwork and such.  The reception area was neat and comfortable.  The receptionist was nice and attentive.  She let me know in advance about my insurance possibilities on how the office would show me what I would pay, after insurance, for procedures done!  Wow! No surprises after the work is done!   :)I then met my hygienist with smiles and welcomes.  She escorted to the back office area which was clean and well kept.  Took my DIGITAL X-rays and was impressed by the sanitation efforts after the X-rays.  She wiped down everything she touched with those wipe sanitizers!  Yes, DIGITAL X-rays were easier and more comfortable to take than those old film type X-rays of years before!I was then moved to the examination chair and the hygienist went over what she was going to do and such.  She went over my teeth, checking the gums and teeth.  I knew I haven't been doing well flossing so what she told me wasn't a surprise but she was efficient in the initial procedure.From there she went into my general teeth cleaning, my deep cleaning was going to need insurance approval so that is going to be another day.  So I thought she wasn't going to do much, but she got in there and gave me a good cleaning!  She worked on me for a while and I was impressed by her meticulous attention to detail in getting all that she could in this general cleaning!  She then polished my teeth and I was ready for the examination by the Dr.  Dr Lee was briefed on my sheet/teeth and introduced himself with a good handshake.  He went over my DIGITAL X-rays with me and made me feel comfortable before looking in my mouth as I knew I had at least two cavities that were probably ready to be filled....    His examination was gentle and informative, he noticed I had in fact three cavities and a chipped tooth!  I thought I had a chipped tooth but anyways.....  He said my cavities weren't big gaping holes yet, but they are a good size that now need to be filled.  That, I knew, just didn't want to hear it. :(. Then the Dr thanked me for coming in shook my hand again.  I was then taken back to the receptionist area, but on the "inside" side where there was a comfortable chair to sit in while the receptionist, which by the way, her business card reads, "insurance/treatment plan coordinator".  After sitting down with her I agree to that title!  She went over my treatment plan and made suggestions to save me money and appointments!  She was detailed in that she gave me a sheet with all that I needed to have done. With prices!  Now my issuance hasn't been verified, so the prices on the sheet were non insurance prices, but will find out tues feb 11th what will be my out of pocket expenses.  She explained what the picture of the teeth on my sheet and codes.  She thanked me for being a new patient and gave me a welcome gift!  I was given a nice reusable shopping bag with something in it!  I didn't look inside till I got home and to my surprise it had a blanket in it!  I know! Wow!  I thought it was going to be something cheesy, but it was a nice throw blanket that I can use to snuggle in front of the TV. :).  I also was given the traditional Baggie of goodies, toothbrush, toothpaste and dental floss. :)So here it is, my first visit and review of SunRise Dental.  I was impressed by their friendly customer service, sanitation requirements/attentiveness and at the end the bringing it down to earth by the sit down chat afterwards!  That right there felt that they were interested in me as a person rather than a number where normally at my other dentist all they wanted was a payment and a next appointment date!  So kudos to this whole office for making the visit to the dentist office a pleasant one.   JM
4	Needed a new dentist in the henderson area and called SunRise Dental to make an appointment.  Very friendly and professional staff.  I have some work that's going to take a while, but my first appointment went very well.  Got my teeth cleaned (it had been way too long!) and the staff was great.  My first treatment went well too with no pain during the treatment and little soreness afterward.  I tend to not go to the dentist as often as I should because I get anxiety about the pain.  This was a positive experience and I would recommend to anyone needing a local dentist!
5	Dr. Lee is a real find for me! He is extremely knowledgeable, patient, kind, caring and treats his patients with a gentleness and a touch of humor. The staff is incomparable in efficiency and display welcoming attitude. The experience was gratifying and I actually  look forward to my next visit!
5	This dental office is excellent. Very nice decor and very roomy, feels elegant while you wait. Huge TV in the waiting area to keep you occupied as well. Couch and comfy chairs to sit on. The staff is very friendly and helpful from the very beginning. I requested an appointment online and Summer called me the very next day. She was so nice and helped me schedule my appointment. I came in and was overwhelmed by how nice the place looks. Any dental appointment I hate the X-ray part. Even though that part was annoying, the tech helped make that part of the process bearable. She was very friendly and told me when it was almost over. LOL The individual rooms have flat screens so you can watch tv while you get your teeth cleaned or while you are waiting for the dentist. They use the TV to show you your X-rays! That was the best part! The dentist explained what I was looking at, took pictures and showed me how I can floss better. Overall a great experience!
5	Very nice atmosphere caring friendly kind here now with my sister barbie for her toothache I am so amazed of their availability of assistance for her thank you for your kindness and helping her
