5	The best entertainment that you can find on the strip, and, even more amazing, it's FREE, every Wednesday night at 7pm.  No cheese, no tigers...  Just down and dirty, old school Las Vegas bad boy Paul Vigil, layin' it down like you've never seen it.  My favorite show on the LV Blvd!  Beware, he's more dangerous than he looks, LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	Paul's show is amazing!  I've taken many friends and business colleagues to see him perform. All of them were highly impressed!  Mr. Vigil is a master at his craft. Thank you Paul for many wonderful memories!
5	The fact that there is only one review at the time of my writing this is a crime. I know many, MANY people have come to see Paul's show more than once. I know, because I'm one of them.Without giving the long, drawn out version of my introduction to Paul, his show is incredible. If you are a jaded, cantankerous skeptic: go see Paul. If you are a child, or just have an imagination like one, go see Paul. If you love illusion, magic, mystery and just enjoy witnessing amazing feats of mysticism, go see Paul.Paul's show is an up-close and personal demonstration of an incredible art that he has mastered, but strives to perfect. In the time you spend together, you will start by being impressed and leave being absolutely blown away.Tall order? You bet your ass it is. Why am I making this claim? Because not one person I have brought to see Paul or recommended to see his show has been anything less than floored. Not one, not once. Paul is a consummate professional, from his suit to his delivery to his interaction with the crowd, before, during and after his performance. I'm not going to describe his act; To do so would be to take away from it. Here are some details that are not spoilers though:-Located inside King Ink at the Mirage-Get in early, have a drink (there are generally specials) and grab a chair up front. If you don't, the room will fill and you will be standing in the back. Paul's illusions are best seen as close to you as possible.-The show is free. Bring your family, bring your friends. Bring the folks you met at the craps table. Bring anyone you want to impress because, I shit you not, they will be. If he's good enough to keep Penn & Teller coming back, well...I have an immense amount of respect for Paul as a performer and as a friend I don't get to see often enough. Take a minute and discover a bit of real magic that Las Vegas seems to have lost in it's race to satisfy the world and I promise, you will remember him.
5	Easily one of the most unique and entertaining experiences in Las Vegas!  I've friends and family here and none have been disappointed.  OK.  I take that back.  I took family to see him perform last year and they enjoyed the show immensely.  They were disappointed when they came back this year on a Monday when he's not performing.  There is no stage except for the small one he sets on an ottoman.  There are no brightly painted boxes.  His only "props" are coins, cards, cash, a shot glass, and a single die.  With these everyday items he'll keep you entertained for an hour. (OK, maybe they're not everyday items where you're from, but this IS Vegas!)Not only is Paul's performance polished and entertaining, he honestly RESPECTS his audience.  He is always friendly and gracious with his volunteers.  But he respects the intelligence of the audience, and it shows with his interaction with everyone before, during and after the show.Come early because this is an intimate experience.  Come early and get a seat in one of the "comfy" couches.  Come early and enjoy the drink specials.  Come early and you will be entertained.  Come early and you will be fooled.  Badly.
5	A long overdue review for a spectacular, truly exceptional show I've seen more than a dozen times already.Simply put: Paul Vigil's hour long magic and mentalism show at the Mirage's King Ink is the best free show in Vegas, and probably the most uplifting, enchanting and thought-provoking shows in town - at any price.For starters, forget everything you think you know about the magic of Blaine, Angel, Copperfield, etc. There are no large scale theatrical illusions like using quick edits, camera angles and mirrors to disappear the statue of liberty.This is Paul sitting in a round parlor space, surrounded by audience members just a couple of feet away from his agile hands as they manipulate coins, cards and dice in ways that blow a hole in your expectations. It's as intimate as an evening sitting around the living room with your closest friends and family.His narration is elegant and eloquent, peppered with references to the likes of T.S. Eliot, Bruce Lee and other poets and philosophers, and delivered with a gleam in his eye that lets you know that no matter how polished and well spoken his spiel is, Paul Vigil is clearly up to no good. And that's just how we like him!Without spoiling the delight and surprise of his mind boggling compositions, effects that will haunt you after you leave and keep you awake at night wondering how the hell he did it, I can tell you that I've been watching Paul practice, perform and perfect some of these effects for five years, sitting right next to him, and couldn't venture the slightest guess how he pulls them off. It's no wonder he's the only magician to successfully fool Penn & Teller, whose blend of technical skill, creativity and devious misdirection make them and Paul spiritual kin of a sort.I take almost all of my out of town visitors to see Paul, because his show is simultaneously an "only in Vegas" experience but at the same time is worlds removed from what people typically perceive as what a Vegas show can be.And every single one of them still raves about his show, months and years later.At one point, Paul describes one of his compositions warmly, saying that performing it "restores (his) capacity for wonder." And honestly, his whole show restores my own capacity for wonder.And in a cynical, jaded world where mystery seems to be an endangered species, couldn't we all use a little more wonder and mystery in our lives?See this show, it may be your most rewarding hour in Vegas.Unless you hit the Megabucks. In that case, Paul's show would probably rank a close second.
5	I was in Vegas last week for my first trip in over 12 years. I like seeing shows and did a lot of research about what to see on my trip. I think I saw Paul Vigil mentioned on VegasChatter or perhaps found out through someone's list on Yelp. I'm not really a magic afficianado, but I like being fooled and I had never really seen a close up magic show. Plus, the show was free! So why not? Honestly, this was one of my favorite things I did on my trip. My husband and I are still talking about how Mr. Vigil did some of his tricks. And we don't know how! :)The show is small and you can literally see everything (except what you can't see, of course). Now I want to see more magic shows! Definitely go see. It's nice that the show was free, but it shouldn't be. This was much cooler than some of the other shows I saw and paid for.
5	If you're going to see magic in Vegas, you can't miss this one.  Even though the price is low--very low--the quality is of the highest order.  This guy is amazing, and fools even professional magicians.  On top of that, he's entertaining.  Can't miss with this one.
5	What can I say that hasn't already been said about the best Free show in Vegas?  Well I can tell you I would easily suggest this over numerous ticketed shows in Vegas even to people where price is not an issue.There was a time when I was younger long before I met Paul Vigil when I thought I would be a paid closeup magician.  I had the magic bug for years and made a point to either catch a show or learn from some of the top closeup guys in the game.  I've had the pleasure of going to the Magic Castle in Hollywood and Caesar's Magical Empire when it was around.  I've seen some amazing performers over the years both through stage and closeup.Its been over 10 years since I fully converted to full time DJ in the festival and club scene.  But I still make a point to check out whatever magic shows I can.  I can assure you that Paul Vigil ranks up there with the greats and will leave a lasting impression on me I will carry with me into old age.  Top hats off to this amazing performer.
5	Paul Vigil is truly amazing.  I still can't figure out how he did ANY of his tricks.  Normally I can tell with other magicians. And it's free.  The night I went, there seemed to be many locals.  This is a great Secret to share with friends and family.  Get there 30 minutes early for a great seat.  I can't wait to return to Vegas to see his show again!!! Thanks Paul.
5	CLOSED at the Mirage - just as we were planning our trip.  VERY SAD!  Paul, where are you now?
5	Do yourself a favor and go see this show, Paul Vigil is simply amazing. His performance is eloquent, astonishing and truly one of a kind. Unlike anything you will see anywhere else. Currently for the unbeatable price of free. What do you have to lose? This is not your typical pull a rabbit out of a hat or prop heavy magic show, no high dollar technological effects or tricks. Paul will get inside your mind and completely blow it. You will once again believe in magic, at the very least leave mystified.
