5	This property is part of the Diamond Resorts International (formerly Sunterra) timeshare outfit. DRI owns two other resorts in Las Vegas (Polo Tower Suites and Polo Tower Villas), and they are more popular because they're located right on the Strip, but anyone who regularly travels to Vegas knows to stay off the Strip if you don't want to deal with the horrendous traffic on Las Vegas Blvd. We stayed at this resort for the first time last weekend; we were in town for an annual basketball tournament that both of my daughters play in. We booked a one bedroom unit for ourselves and another one for a teammate's family. A one bedroom unit sleeps four, with two in the bedroom and two on the pull-out sofa in the living room. The living room has a TV with a DVD player, and there's another TV in the bedroom.One of the things we like about timeshare units is that they usually have a full kitchen, so you can cook a few meals if you don't feel like going out all the time. These units were no exception, with a stove, oven, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, toaster, blender, and refrigerator/freezer. The kitchen is stocked with cookware, utensils, and enough settings for four.The unit also has its own personal laundry room with washer & dryer, which is something you normally don't find in timeshares. It was great being able to wash dirty clothes (e.g., the girls' basketball uniforms between games) & towels during our trip. Six large pool towels are stored on a shelf in the laundry room.Lots of storage, with a closet in the living room, a pantry in the kitchen/dining area, a smaller closet just off the laundry room, and a walk-in closet in the bedroom. The bedroom is a good size, probably as big as a standard hotel room all on its own, with a nice firm mattress. Besides the television, the bedroom has a clock radio that you could dock an iPod to. Bathroom was OK, with a large tub and a hairdryer.My only complaint about the unit would be that the blinds in our bedroom didn't close all the way (you couldn't rotate the slats fully closed), and the sun would shine in through the window & hit us right in the face around 7 AM; tough to sleep-in that way.Resort amenities include two separate pool areas, one for adults that is open until midnight, and a family pool area that is open until 10 PM. The pool in the adult area is a little smaller, but perfectly adequate. The family area pool has a good size waterfall. There is also a little water playground for the younger kids located between the two pool areas. The jacuzzi was a little tepid. There is also a fitness room and a rec room with pool table. The gates to the resort close at 8PM, although you'll be given the entry code at the front desk so you can drive in anytime.There is wireless internet access in the units at $8 per day, or you can use the computer in the lobby for free, or there's free wireless access from the lounge just off the lobby if you want to lug your laptop over there. I managed, though, to patch into someone's unsecured Linksys wireless router from our unit, so I had free access from our room.I don't know what the room rates are at this particular resort (we used our timeshare points), so I can't rate how expensive the price range is. However, as Tammy mentioned, timeshares will sometimes book their unused inventory to non-owners, and you can probably get a decent deal if you book close to the time of your planned arrival. We booked at a different timeshare resort (Westgate Flamingo Bay) through Travelocity a few years ago and got a great deal (though WFB doesn't have a pool). You will probably get offered free tickets to one of the lesser Vegas shows if you promise to attend one of their 90-minute sales presentations, but there's no pressure to accept (the real pressure comes during the sales presentation).This is a great place in Vegas for families with younger kids, especially if you're there for a longer stay, because there's lots of room in the unit to spread out & relax (it's as big if not bigger than any regular hotel suite), and having a kitchen gives you more options as far as meals and snacks go. For grocery shopping, there are several grocery stores as you travel north on Decatur, with a Trader Joes on the west side of Decatur just north of Sahara Ave.Desert Paradise Resort is about two miles west of the Strip, over by the Orleans Hotel, just off Tropicana Ave. Most folks would take I-15 to Tropicana Ave, heading west to Decatur. I think the best way to get there from either the airport or from south of Las Vegas would be the 215 west, exit Decatur (just west of I-15). Travel north on Decatur until you pass Hacienda Ave and the resort will be on the left, just before a Shell gas station.
5	I recently went on a Las Vegas trip with some friends for his 22nd birthday and my company had discounts with the timeshare.  At the price I really couldn't disagree considering it was a 4 day weekend.  I was more intent on getting the Polo Towers which is right in the middle of the strip, but we booked too early and had to settle for Desert Paradise.  Man, this place is awesome. I have never stayed at a timeshare before but this has pretty much set the bar for me.  Just imagine a one bedroom apartment with a laundry room inside.  The front desk staff was phenomenal.  Very helpful and they surprisingly remembered my last name and kept referring to me as Mr.  Never have I experienced staying somewhere where they treat you like that.  Not unless you stay at the Ritz or at the Waldorf, but that's a different story.  The place is huge, they have two different pools and the best part was they had a shuttle that takes you directly to the strip for free, of course tip not included.  The shuttles could be a lot more frequent though instead of the 2 hours they run, but nonetheless the drivers have been great.  The stop was supposed to be at New York New York, but we told him we were going to Jet, in Mirage, and BAM, he drops us off right in front of the Mirage.  Driver didn't have to do it, but it was highly appreciated.  The place deserves a 5 star in my book.  Now if it was only a little closer I wouldn't mind staying here again.  Next time I will try to book for the polo towers a little earlier.  When in Vegas you have to be in the middle of the party.
4	Thoroughly enjoyed our stay here for 10 days while helping out at a Bikram Yoga teacher training at the Hilton.The 2-bedroom condo was spacious, clean & very comfy.  There were 3 TVs!  One in each bedroom & one in the living room.  Unfortunately, the DVD player was in the living room & the couch was not super-comfy, so watching movies was less than ideal.We never made it to the pool since it was so darned cold outside!  We even had to pick up a humidifier for the room because it was so dry.  At least there was a Walgreen's right around the corner, which made it easy to pick up whatever we needed on our way home on any given night.Wifi was $6.95 a night, or there's a discounted rate for 3 or 7 days at a time.  Not free, but not as expensive as some places, either.It took us about 15-20 minutes to get to the Hilton most days, which is not great, but not as good as being on the property, of course.Used our timeshare points, so I don't know how much it really cost.  We may or may not go back, since it seems like there are lots of really cheap deals in Vegas & if we do another training here we'll probably try to stay closer if we can get a good deal.Having two bathtubs and a washer-dryer in the unit was very nice.  I didn't really want to leave, to tell you the truth, because it is way nicer than home these days!
5	This place was great rented a two bedroom unit for my birthday and Thanksgiving.  I think this was the nicest place I've ever stayed.  It was a perfect set up for 4 adults a teen and a 3 year old.  It was wonderful to have a washer/dryer in unit.  The kitchen was AWESOME better appliances and cookware then I have at home.  I am in love with the coffeemaker.  We actually cooked and served a full thanksgiving day dinner here.  It is actually quite close by car to the strip (a bit long for a walk although the Orleans and Rio are close by).  It is also close to a wonderful Mexican restaurant Bonito Michoacan and a great pizza place Metro Pizza. There is a Food4Less just down the road so you can stock the fridge.  The price was very good for our stay and it was nice in the afternoon to be able to grab a quick nap without the casino sounds in the background.The only drawbacks were making a left turn out this property can be life threatening and it was too cold to use the pool.  It would also be helpful if they give you the gate code when you check in as the gate is locked at night but overall this was a great experience and well worth what we paid!
4	So nice to have a ton of living space.  We rented a one bedroom unit for my husband and I and our daughter.  We enjoyed having the kitchen which was well stocked with everything needed to cook.  The check in staff were just ok and became less helpful when we did not want to attend the timeshare presentation.
5	great place and great price i loved it and they def took care of us its an awesome place for groups and familys that sort of thing the concierge there is awesome hooked me up with some good tickets that i enjoyed i loved the full kitchen and the grills by the pool used them all most def. the beds were super nice and comfortable and clean. it comes with washer and dryers so thats def a plus i suggest staying here more than two nights cause it is def worth it and its not too far from the strip bout a 10 dollar cab ride which was awesome there are stores and places to eat nearby and you avoid all the hustle and bustle of the strip
1	My husband and I made reservations at this hotel through our timeshare and as soon as we get off the plane we rented a car because clearly we were nowhere near the strip.But as soon as we get there and tried to check in we were advised that they are no rooms available (BOOKED THEY SAID) and mind you we confirmed the reservation TWICE. No one called to advise us of anything even though again we confirmed twice.The whole purpose of us renting a car was because we were staying so far from the strip so we had to spend money unnecessarily (deposit for car rental). They advised us we were staying right on the strip. NEVER AGAIN.
4	Great place, the staff is very helpful and the rooms are awesome. Very spacious and clean. With laundry room and a kitchen. The only flaw is the Internet. They use "att hot spot" and i have att services which i thought would work great. Wrong, the wifi comes and goes and when you do get wifi, the connection is slow. But over all it's great place to stay. Just 10min from the strip and 20min from Fremont st.
3	We stayed in a 2-bedroom unit.  At first glance it looked nice and clean.  I stepped in the kitchen and found a splatter of food on one of the cupboard doors. Eww! Okay, that can be missed I guess. On to the bathroom.  The master bathroom looked nice.  As I closed the door, I noticed that a previous guest ( small child I presume) drew on the door, but I guess the housekeeping missed that too.  Into the shower.  I noticed that there were some water damages and the paint's chipping off. Did housekeeping/maintenance missed that too?  There were towels in drawers, but one smelled really bad (been there for a while?).  The bedrooms and kitchen deserve 4 stars but the bathroom gets 2. I'm averaging it to three.
5	This place was great!  I came here with a few friends.  We got a good deal on what I would call an apartment but I guess some people call them villas and some people call them resorts.  It was my friend's birthday so 5 of us stayed together at Desert Palace in a place that had two bedrooms a laundry room a full kitchen and dinning room and two bathrooms and a living room with a pull out bed.  And it had a patio but the cars were loud so we didn't use it.  we spent a lot of time at the pool and they provide huge bbq's at the pool if you want to throw a big party and grill up a bunch of stuff.  They also didn't have any problem with us bringing alcohol out there.  They had an adult pool and a kid pool.  The kid pool was bigger and more of a family pool but you could use either side.  They also had nice tvs in the rooms which we barely used cause we were having fun elsewhere.We had an upset on the first night, our power shorted out in one bedroom and one bathroom.  This was not unbearable but it was a minor inconvenience.  We notified the office and they offered us a new unit but we had already FULLY moved in for the week so we really didn't want to move.  They said they'd have someone come out to fix it the next day.  I'm amazing and I bring candles with me everywhere so we were completely fine.  If anything the room I had with my girlfriend was just more romantic than it would've been before and that was just a gift really.The next day we woke up and made breakfast, there were tons of stores close by and we bought groceries to make all our meals.  One thing I will complain about is the TWO BUCK CHUCK!  In Vegas TWO BUCK CHUCK is actually FOUR BUCK CHUCK!  I WAS SO MAD!!!!!  I made a point of finding a Trader Joes only to be told that my wine was more expensive for no reason.. eh. whateva.When we found out the lights weren't going to be fixed again they really wanted us to move but we insisted that moving could ruin our week, we were going to be out at the strip all day and didn't want to deal with it.  They offered to send people over to move everything but that sounded odd so we said no.The next day they fixed the lights :) but then they broke again sometime before we left, hahahahaha.  The reason I give a five star is because, not only did they offer to switch us, they also offered to help us move, and after all that they took about $100 off of our stay which made our week RIDICULOUSLY INEXPENSIVE for how great it was!  We stayed in an amazing place where it was very comfortable and we could be loud and the pool was great, we had tvs we had more than one bathroom we had our own laundry machines and a big kitchen, all for a really inexpensive price.  With the refund they gave us the apartment almost felt free :)I would stay here again at the price that we paid before the discount.  This was a great little oasis away from the strip.  I like staying in Vegas without having to stay on the strip.  It's funner on the outskirts where life moves slower and there aren't so many drunks hitting on you and throwing up on the sidewalk.The only downside if you stay during the week.  If you want to use the family pool at night they might kick you out after 10 because some people staying there are whiners and can't stand other people having fun!  We got asked to switch pools around 10:50 so we knew someone in a room must've complained that we were laughing in the hot tub.  All I can say is, shame on those old fuddy duddies for raining on my parade!
4	We stayed at a 2 bedroom 2 bathroom unit for 10 days while waiting for a house on base. Really spacious and the beds were very comfortable. The grounds were well taken care of. My 3 year old enjoyed the pool and the water park every day. We also used the grill by the pool quite often. Our kitchen was absolutely perfect with new Cuisinart stuff and high quality cookware/dishware. Having a washer & dryer inside our unit was a huge plus as well. I was also prepared to have the timeshare tactics talk but there was none of that whatsoever. One thing you must know is that they do not offer free Internet in the room. Wi-fi is available through a third party company but it was something like $7/day or $30/wk. You can always use the 2 computers in their business center though. For the price we paid (booked through Expedia), it cannot be beat for its location & amenities. It's perfect for groups/families looking for space, convenience, and value.
5	This is such a classy resort with the best staff and only a mile from the Las Vegas strip! The spaciousness of the hotel "rooms" gives it the feel of a condo. There were 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a living space, deck, and kitchen. The staff was so friendly and so helpful at ALL times. The customer service went above and beyond expectations. I would recommend this place to all my friends and I hope to have the opportunity to stay here again.You will need a car to get to and from the strip. There's a shuttle, but it doesn't really go back and forth enough to make it worth it to use.Perfect for families and couples!!
3	Desert Paradise is nice enough, but it seems like false advertising to call it a "Resort."  Resorts have bars and restaurants;  this place has neither.  It's really more like a condo complex.However, it is clean, and it's situated in a quiet, non-sketchy area a couple of miles from the strip.  There are a few things of interest within walking distance: Walgreens, 7-11, Robertos taco shop, and a great breakfast place called The Daily Egg.  There is a nice park a couple of blocks away as well.Rooms at Desert Paradise are spacious.  We had a 2-bedroom condo for 3 people, and there was plenty of room for all of us.  Three TVs for three people is great when you want a little down time.  Rooms come with a small patio, well-equipped kitchen, and a laundry room.  The only thing I disliked was the master bathroom.  The lighting was extremely dim.  The large shower/tub creaked like crazy whenever I stepped into it.  It gave me quite a complex!  I thought the entire thing might give way underneath me.We came to Desert Paradise in order to use up some of our dreaded timeshare points.  If I had the money to spend, I'd much rather stay at a hotel on the Strip.
4	Time Share!!! just a heads up! that being said-We really like this place!  Its huge, clean comfortable, the kitchen has all equipment needed to cook, bake, blend, very nice!  My complaints, and the reason for Four stars...* We were not aware this was a time share until we checked in, the lady was somewhat pushy about taking the tour even though we explained we were there on business, she finally relented and we had no other issues with that.* The bed is a little too soft for our liking we ended up pulling the couch out and sleeping on that which was comfortable.* The heating and air was sort of strange it was always either a little too warm or little too cold, not terribly uncomfortable but we did wake up really warm in the middle of the night, adjusted the thermostat and then woke up a little cold after that... Could have just been the room we stayed in, 234.
5	This is a great place to stay when you want to visit Las Vegas with your family. This resort is clean, big and not too far or too close from the strip.. Minutes away from the strip, it's a perfect place to enjoy with your family. This is our first choice when picking a place in Las Vegas. And the points we use is really good. I will highly recommend this place.
1	I had a bad time at this resort, roaches coming out of the sink and tub every time I came back from going out. Maids making loud noises in the early morning waking me up. Room smelled bad with the scent of old food.
4	I love this place. Very comfy, affordable, nice and accommodating. The rooms are very spacious and very nice. I stayed in the 1 bedroom 1 bath with a patio kitchen and living room. It accommodated 4 people. You feel like youre right at home and not in a hotel room stuck with everyone for the whole weekend. what i really like about this place is that they don't charge by the people in the room just for the room itself.Its really cheap and for the room and service you get its pretty darn good. It is close to the strip so that's not a problem. So why 4 stars because their check out is too early. and when youre out partying in vegas till late its not the best thing. Although for their prices i can suck it up.Will def be going back here to stay.
4	It was a surprise for me, I would never stayed at a time share apartment complex like "resort", hubby's friend offered us to stay there for extra nights in Vegas after our Mandarin Oriental weekday stay, I didn't want to, but couldn't say "no" to their generous offer, it's free anyways. To my surprise, this place is just 5 or 6 minutes away from the strip. We got room key and security code for the gate at front desk late afternoon, drove to our two bedroom apartment, it was very spacious, full kitchen, dining table, living room, master bedroom with walk in closet and in room safe, guest bedroom, patio and 2 full bath. It's really like an apartment, and they offer basic amenities in bathroom, even room service, house keeping, huh... Not bad, not bad at all... And it's very clean.We just stayed overnight there, a couple hours sleep after our late night activities on the strip. The bed was fairly comfy, but the pillows weren't that nice. And the family upstairs was extremely loud, we could hear kids running around, talking and screaming... I guess this is the down side of this kind of stay. I would recommend family with little children stay here, there is no casino, quiet, easy to look after kids, pool & jacuzzi area, parents can cook meals, much more affordable than staying at hotels in Vegas, especially for a week or longer stay. Good thing was we didn't have to get up early to check out, cause our friend had that apartment until the end of that week. So I had enough of sleep before heading home !
2	Probably one of the worst resorts I have been to. The place looks and feels like a 5 star resort, but once you settle you'll notice that your eyes will deceive you. We checked in with some amazing staff (which is why I didn't give this place a 1 star) and we walked out the door and were caught up by the timeshare ladies. We ended up signing up and claimed our $100 gift card. We then went to the room. Here's a quick summary of the resort.PRO's: -Decent looking rooms-Decent Customer Service-CON's:  -NO Wifi? Are you kidding me? I can stay are a hole in the wall in Tijuana and still get free internet. This is what started me off on the wrong foot. -Thin walls/Ceilings: I felt as if we were in a 1980's movie where the old lady bangs the ceiling with a broom stick because the people upstairs are noisy. We actually had to do that! This place was built with the thinnest walls/ceilings I have EVER seen in my LIFE! We heard the people upstairs walking from 3am-6am then house keeping from 8am-12pm. This was ridiculous. Kept a lot of us up at night. -The rooms had a smell (we had no idea what kind of smell it was)-Room remote controlls were dirty and didn't work. (I hope housekeeping actually cleans these things). -Showers didn't drain properlyThe list could go on and on. The main reason we stayed at this resort was due to the Yelp reviews and the fact that this place had balconies (we have smokers in the family). I would rather stay at an older hotel that is a little closer to the strip as well.If you are looking to stay here, I would suggest you choose else where.
1	I was planning a Vegas trip for me & 12 of my friends for my 30th birthday. I was unaware that the CMAs were happening on the same weekend which made finding a block of rooms for that many people difficult. I found the Desert Paradise Resort on Hotels.com & reserved two 6 person suits. I wasn't 100% sure that I wanted to stay there, so I chose the "book now, pay later" option. With that, I had the option to cancel the reservation for FREE up until two days before the check in date. About a week after making the reservations and over a week before the check in date, I found a 5 bedroom house just off the strip for all of us to stay, so I cancelled the reservation for both rooms at the DP & got confirmation from Hotels.com that both rooms had been cancelled. I was not only surprised, but also furious when I returned from my trip & checked my bank account & found a nearly $300 charge from this hotel that I did not stay at!!! I called the hotel right away & sat on hold for over 20 minutes before someone finally answered the phone. I explained what happened & their rep was not helpful at all. She told me that charge was a "no show fee" for the room that was not cancelled. I then got put on hold for another 15 minutes. And this place has the WORST hold music! When she came back on the phone, I explained to this woman 7 ways from Sunday that both rooms were cancelled & I even sent her a screen shot of cancellation confirmation page on my hotels.com account AND an email from Hotels.com that states the time & date that the rooms were cancelled. Somehow that was still not enough to get my money back. I called again the next day (hold time now 30 minutes) and went through the whole process again with someone else. Again, I emailed him the email from hotels.com & the screen shot. I was supposed to get a response from them later in the day & I got nothing. Apparently, this place is in financial trouble since they would rather STEAL $300 from someone than admit their mistake & return the money they stole from me. Do not ever stay here!!!!!
5	This is a hidden gem just off the strip. My wife loved it.  If your going to be in Vegas for more than a couple days, this is the place to stay. Beautiful rooms, nice pools, wash and dryers in the room. Concierge got us some great tickets to a dinner and show for a great price. I will be back.
5	If you're looking to stay somewhere to feel at home in this is the perfect place. It's clean, friendly staff, & beautiful. It's close to the strip, but far enough away to enjoy your Vegas stay.
5	I had the delightful experience staying in the Desert Paradise-- 5 min drive from the strip away from the craziness and neon lights. Got a sweet deal from Priceline for $79 and was upgraded to 2 bdrm 2 bath, walk in closets, with washer dryer, full kitchen, spa pools--- the works! Staff were professional and super kind and thoughtful.Felt like gated apt complex, turned into a hotel... Had a gate that needs a code after 6pm.I enjoyed it and am so glad I chose them-- will definitely go back !!
4	Not too far off the strip, only 2 miles, starbucks, gas station, dennys, Albertsons right around the corner . Stayed at the 2 bedroom suite with 3 of my girlfriends for the weekend, and we were so happy with our rooms. Very clean and roomy. Living room with tv, a laundry room with washer and dryer (detergent included) fully stocked kitchen (glass plates, coffee cups, and wine glasses, soap and clean sponge included) even a nice blender! Perfect for making margaritas. The bedrooms also have their own tvs, and huge closets and bathrooms (important with 4 girls). Even a balcony with a table and chairs for the smokers ;) DPR does have an apartment feel to it, not at all vegas stripy, lots of families and kids around. There's 2 pools, one for adults only which is nice with jacuzzi, not huge (again think apartment pools). The family pool has a waterfall too. The only reason DPR didn't get 5 stars is, i didn't like how they made us bring our "wet towels to the front desk in exchange for new towels." how rude, especially when your at the pool, you go to exchange your towels and the say they will bring them to your room later. Also annoying, our room faced the parking lot and there was this loud buzzing noise at night, random!
3	Good and bad points for this timeshare. First the good points. The staff were extremely nice and helpful. On our arrival was greeted by a very friendly staff member and told that my husband's rental golf clubs had already arrived and had already been taken up to our room. We had a two bedroom room which was very roomy, clean and had a nice layout. Okay the bad points. The room and furniture were dated. Some updates and paint would go a long way. From other reviews I have read they are renovating rooms so that is a great thing. The other bad point is the shuttle, It's great that they offer one since you are not right on the strip but some days there are no shuttles schedlued and the times are very limited. The shuttle is also only an extended van so can only carry a limited amount of guests. Not a whole lot of stores for groceries or restaurants within walking distance so I would definietly recommend getting a rental car.
4	My husband & I stayed here with our 5 children (ranging in age from 4 to 13) during the week of thanksgiving. We stayed in the 2 bedroom which was very nice & spacious. I made sure I unplugged the phones based on previous yelp reviews so I wouldn't get the calls about going to a timeshare presentation. Everything here was fully stocked from the kitchen to the bathrooms! We had everything we needed. I cooked a whole thanksgiving dinner & didn't have to use any of my pots or pans I brought! The family pool was closed for remodeling but the kids were able to get in the other pool so that was fine. I only have 2 complaints.. one is was where our room was located. It was the back room so we were facing a sewer drain/ditch & the smell was the worst! Granted we were only outside to walk up to the room but still!!  My second complaint is the bed was sooooo uncomfortable! Idk if I'm just used to my big comfy memory foam or what! But I tossed & turned the whole time! Anyways overall everything was great! The kids felt right at home & they slept great! That's all that matters!!
